  actually germany is one of the very few countries that list personnel costs as part of their defensive budget . 
  most other countries list them as personnel costs of state officials . 
  because historically germans have always strictly seperated opinions of a party from opinions of a certain politician . 
  this reflects in our election system , where we have two votes ; one for a certain politician we want to see in parliament , one for the favoured party 's size in parliament . 
  if there are more politicians of a certain party that got in via direct vote than the party is allowed to have seats , more seats are created for the legislative term . 
  one year ago merkel 's party was in the 40 % area in the polls , but 70 % wanted her to remain chancellor . 
   is it 1 in 5 women on campus , your source ? 
  because nytimes says 1 in 5 women . 
  nyt may say so , but did you bother looking up the source the article linked ? 
  this one is even more different , it says [ 1 in 2 women and 1 in 5 men ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/nisvs/infographic.html ) . 
  so yeah , apparently it was not just me who got the claims mixed up . 
  also , you really should n't take the word of the press as gospel , the nyt in particular had [ problems with accurate reporting on sexual violence ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/blogs/nyrblog/2015/jul/25/nail-salons-new-york-times-got-wrong/ ) . 
  as it turned out , the authors had a predetermined narrative and used selected anecdotal evidence to get their point across . 
  you can also see it by how the source speaks of `` reports of sexual violence '' but this is redefined in the article to `` were raped '' . 
  but no , journalists only tell the truth , everything else would be tinfoil-territory i guess . 
  also , what is it now ? 
  is it one in two , one in three , four or five ? 
   says who ? 
  you ? 
  yes , me after a few minutes of googling workshop contents/activities . 
  you probably should too . 
   that 's a bull shit poster that has no legal bracking it does n't have legal backing , which makes it even more detestable for the university of coastal carolina to hang out the posters and declare them official psas . 
   well that 's lovely . 
  but if you had taken a statistics class , you would have known than in the case of non-symmetric distributions , the mean does n't say a lot . 
  tell me the median or a quantile like i have shown you . 
  you quoted the nyt without verifying , which again wrongly quoted an infographic without verifying . 
  something tells me you also did n't properly look at the rainn source , since there is a quantile right there : only 14 % of alleged rapists are underage . 
  in the us school goes 12 years , meaning that you leave school at 18 . 
  so teaching these `` workshops '' in high school would not do much good . 
  you are completely off on all points . 
   if a thief comes in your house and you kill him . 
  is it legal or not ? 
  in what context ? 
  if you buy a gun that 's the type of shit you should be taught . 
  thing is , you can choose to buy a gun . 
  you can not choose to have a penis , so this is a false reasoning . 
  you are not taught how to not steal , you are not taught how to not commit fraud , you are not taught how to not commit assault and battery . 
  in consent classes peoples guilt is assumed by virtue of them existing . 
   that 's your bias . 
  if we assume everything in this world is done with an agenda , then we should stay indoors at all time . 
  the jews are watching us . 
  it does not take a tinfoil hat to recognise [ obviously anti-intellectual bullshit ] ( http://louderwithcrowder.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/jakejosie.jpg ) like ...  maybe not a rape crisis , but 1 in 5 women declare having suffered from sexual abuse . 
  this statistic is thrown around a lot in feminist circles , [ but it is a lie , purposefully drawn from false conclusions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5xmutaomnk ) . 
  any respectable member of academia will tell you so . 
  do n't take just my word for it , go look it up yourself . 
   teach them to 15 yo high school ones . 
  it 's an important lesson in life . 
  it is part of sexuality and should be in sex ed classes . 
  you are aware that the propagated definition of `` consent '' is in no way legally binding here in europe , yes ? 
  i mean if i get caught drunk driving , i could n't have given myself consent and am able to get of scot-free , right ? 
  or if i buy a car while still having doubts , i can legally annull the contract afterwards ? 
   about 80 percent of rape victims reported that they had been raped before age 25 . 
  [ and the average age of a rapist in the us is 31 ] ( https://rainn.org/get-information/statistics/sexual-assault-offenders ) . 
  so if anything , job centers should hold the classes . 
  no , kafkatrapping is a reference to kafka 's trial . 
  as you remember , the protagonist 's rejection of his accusations is interpreted as proof that he did in fact commit them . 
  i can definitely recommend all three of them . 
  hamburg and l\u00fcbeck are larger , attract a bigger crowd and have more stuff to explore , but they 're also easily crowded . 
  l\u00fcneburg on the other hand does n't have much to offer , except for being beautiful and feuerzangenbowle at st. johannis church , and the closing times to avoid drunken village youths is a bit draconian in my opinion . 
  the humboldt university in berlin . 
  they have n't actually done anything of that magnitude of open hostility , but gender and identity politics have taken over the campus . 
  last year they tried to change the uni 's name because humboldt was a `` rich straight dead cis ablebodied male '' . 
  also , the whole `` you do n't agree with me about my controversial opinion on shop closing laws ? 
  nazi . 
  additionally to the market itself , the entire inner city is decorated and filled with wine stands . 
  or they fought for isis before returning . 
  maybe they left for syria/iraq and returned as refugees , considering that most european countries prosecute - or at least observe - returnees . 
  that 's really strange , maybe it is dependant on what is considered more `` presentable '' in the respective part of the country . 
  for example hamburg does n't really have a neonazi scene since the city sports a huge and violent left-autonomous scene , as demonstrated every may . 
  i bothered to look up the crime data of 2014 according to the verfassungsschutz . 
  included was a sharp rise of left-motivated crime in [ 2014 ] ( http://www.cicero.de/berliner-republik/politisch-motivierte-straftaten-auf-dem-linken-auge-blind/58568 ) , with two thirds of crimes committed towards police officers or other state officials . 
  cicero , a traditionally heavily left-leaning publication , correctly pointed out : how come that right wing violence is considered a threat to constitutional law , wheras left wing violence is something municipalities are expected to handle on their own ? 
  as a centrist i am disgusted by both and want both to be prosecuted with the same harshness . 
  of course the rise in right wing crime is worrying , but i severely doubt that actual terrorists plot openly using facebook . 
   germany has a massive problem with right-wing violence , it is correct that police investigates these cases . 
  germany also has an at least just as large problem with left-wing violence , eg . 
  torching cars and homes of right-wing politicians or attacking people at protests , or at train stations for the crime of wearing a uniform . 
  nothing is done about that , and that is not okay . 
  as for the right side , i would n't see much of a problem if calls for violence really were the only things that are being sanctioned at the moment . 
  but they are n't . 
  the questionability of calling migrants `` invaders '' or comparable incidents aside , it is not a call to violence and still gets prosecuted . 
  if the state were to take its newfound moral impetus seriously , they 'd concentrate on actual illegal speech on both sides of the fence . 
  what we are currently seeing is a moving of goal posts in favour of one set of views . 
  important aspects : * neither chancellor merkel nor `` refugee coordinator '' ( actually head of the federal chancellery ) knew about minister of the interior thomas de maziere reinstating dublin . 
  * according to the deputy government spokesman this was not relevant enough to mandate a briefing . 
  de maziere decided the measure by himself on the 21st of october . 
  * this is not supposed to mark an end of the `` welcoming culture '' , but instead is meant to disburden the office of migration and refugees . 
  right now the highest priority is the securing of europe 's outer borders . 
  * social democrats , leftists and greens are pissed . 
  the asylum lobby declares it a step in the wrong direction . 
  * however most migrants never got registered in one of the transit countries , and countries like hungary wo n't take any migrants back , wheras deportation to greece is not possible thanks to a court order ruling severe structural shortages in the greek asylum system . 
  and what came out of it in the end is mentioned in the exact same sentence . 
  the system was abused before it was approved and continued on for some months after the attempt was shot down . 
  the world is a dangerous place for people who lack reading comprehension skills . 
   no it does not if you have a working separation of powers with a competent court system . 
  which we do n't have . 
  we do n't even have an actual seperation of church and state . 
  remember 2009 when ursula von der leyen tried to instate a web censorship apparatus `` against cp '' , and the very first websites to land on this block list were sites that criticised the motion ? 
  and afterwards uschi told people * in talkshows * that only pedophiles could be against her and her idea ? 
  or how islamists shouting `` throw the jews into the gas ! '',
