  hey , i did n't get to reddit anymore yesterday so i 'll just answer now . 
  i 'll just quote and adress certain points . 
   while the french nation arose in a struggle for a better live , the german nation arose in a fight against napoleon . 
  first off , why not both ? 
  we know from contextual literature that the french revolution did incite somewhat of a clamour for reforms in the populus , and we also know that the idea continued to brew in the minds of the people after the liberation wars . 
  the struggle against napoleon certainly was a part of it , but so was the beheading of the french royal family . 
  it 's a struggle against the powers that be which turns to violence in the heat of it . 
   1848 is used to establish a good german tradition . 
  it is used to veil the german campaign , and the very fact that it had no real influence : germany was born because prussia wanted it , the weimar republic , because the old forces were ruined in wwi , and the only stable democracy on german territory , the frg , because the us imposed it on the german people ( which i 'm happy for ) . 
  at the same time post-revolutionary france was born because napoleon wanted it and india because the brits could n't afford to crack down resistance anymore . 
  actual politics are always done by a few people and often are simply circumstantial , but leaders need the support or at least the apathy of the populus if they want to get away with their shenanigans . 
  if you look at 19th century literature and poets ( fontane , alexis , fallersleben etc ) you can see that a great deal of germans must have been hellbent on unification or otherwise they would have never sold their works . 
  the march revolutions and the national assembly basically had no real influence , but they are the most visible indicators for what the people ( or at least the intelligencia ) wanted at that time . 
   it 's wrong to attribute the flag to 1848 , it traces back to , again , the german campaign against napoleon . 
  the colours were used by the l\u00fctzow free corps , a unit of the prussian army and were then adopted by some students , who made them popular in 1848 . 
  this requires some inside knowledge , but the l\u00fctzower freikorps was n't an actual prussian unit . 
  it was a freikorps , meaning it was a batch of volunteers , mostly students . 
  since they all had served in different german units they all had different uniforms , so the only effective way to make them look uniform was to colour the uniforms black with red linings and golden buttons . 
  if you want to get technical you can see the colours even before that , in some depictions of the hre reichsadler . 
  the colours were then seen again at the hambacher fest where they were inspired by similar european riots/revolutions promoting democracy and individual freedom , afterwards they were seen as flags in the march revolution . 
  anyways , just an anecdote . 
   however , if you create an atmosphere of a relaxed nationalism in my opinion it should never be okay to promote nationalism . 
  i however did notice that you casually throw patriotism and nationalism into one bucket , there are differences . 
  patriotism is the `` inclusive '' term , referring to pleasurable feelings towards the own country . 
  nationalism is the `` exclusive '' term , defining the greatness of the own country with the inferiority of other countries . 
  or as johannes rau put it : a patriot loves his country , a nationalist hates other countries . 
  now nationalism may seem as an exaggeration of patriotism , but it 's still entirely different because of the different focus and because patriotism does not mean glorification of one 's own country . 
  it means believing in a combined effort . 
   you compared the france of today with the early germany as an idea of 1812 , and mixed the us foreign policy with the question of what constitutes a nation . 
  i wanted to keep it short here , so i 'll elaborate . 
  i was comparing the french today with the idea of a german nation in the 19th century because i wanted to point out that after the revolution their idea of a nation did n't involve the whole world as you pointed out in your inital post . 
  they still made a clear distinction between `` them '' and `` the rest '' . 
  same goes for the us , if their idea of a nation included non-american people they probably would somehow have reached out to the rest of the world instead of completely isolating themselves for the first hundred years of their existance and mistreating indians . 
   it promotes xenophobia , racism , antisemitism as it evokes a tradition in which these are core elements . 
  this i tried to show above as best as i could . 
  you 're talking about nationalism , to which i wholeheartidly agree . 
  however patriotism and nationalism are n't the same , see above . 
  regarding the notion that it 's still easier to be or become a nationalist in a generally patriotic community , i think this is a slippery slope argument . 
  i admit that it 's far easier to live as a far-right in let 's say france or britain , but at the same time they have more democracy at the center . 
  in germany you are considered right wing for voting conservative or liberal , which in public opinion essentially is only one step away from being a nazi . 
  in truth they would be center to center-right aligned . 
  it 's remains of this phase everyone goes through in the early teenage years : `` nazis are bad , therefore i 'll just be as far left wing as possible so nobody can think i 'm a nazi . 
  oh that guy does n't vote left or green ? 
  clearly a nazi . '', 
  but i 'm straying off , so as said : slippery slope argument . 
  more people were confident saying that they were proud of germany or that they were proud to be german , that 's correct . 
  but simoultaneously horst k\u00f6hler went to a podium and actually said the first sentence . 
  this probably swayed several people ( i know some personally ) who then just said what they had thought all the time , but did n't because they were afraid of committing social suicide eva herrman-style . 
  in my opinion this tabuisation of feelings or attitudes or even numbers ( think of the tchibo-scandal a few weeks back ) because of percieved proximity to far-right ideologies is actually a victory for those people . 
  plus i think that still is a great leap from `` i 'm proud of my country '' to `` they take err jerbs '' , just as it is from `` i 'm a hsv-fan '' ^ i ^ am ^ not to `` i hate other football clubs so much i 'll go become a hooligan '' . 
  even in the us where patriotism is basically a must , people still turn their heads when someone admits to being fox news-right . 
   when i asked for a `` good reasoning '' , i meant that i do n't see how nationalism or patriotism is working in a democracy in good way . 
  the democratic state should be there to help fulfilling my needs , to enable me or to guarantee my freedom or human dignity . 
  it serves me . 
  i do n't serve it . 
  in itself an admirable stance , but in my opinion we did n't get quite there yet . 
  in order for seven billion people to coexist we need to bundle them at some points , so there 's fewer instances to interact with each other . 
  bundling people in regards to culture ( which is basically the only differrence between cultures ) seems like a good idea to me . 
  so yes , why not identify people by the nations they belong to and have them act within this pool . 
  as i said earlier , people tend to identify themselves by their environment . 
  when we were kids we would have quarrels with the kids of the neighbouring village/district , we identify ourselves by region on a federal level and we identify ourselves as germans on an international level . 
  trying to achieve something and having a certain feeling of bonds within this pool does n't seem wrong to me . 
  in my opinion patriotism works well in a democracy . 
  1945 the tr\u00fcmmerfrauen got famous because they wanted to clean up and renovate their country , that is patriotic . 
  adenauer was patriotic when he helped construct the grundgesetz and especially when he constantly pushed for germany to be a sovereign nation ( as seen bei the famous rug-scene ) and i doubt he saw the other nations as inferior . 
  we expect angie to be patriotic and to represent our interests on a diplomatic stage because we do n't want to be an international doormat . 
  you could even argue that voting is a sign of patriotism , after all you 're interested in the countries ' future . 
  fuck , this was long . 
  sorry for that . 
  and also it 's firekracker , i claim no affiliation with b\u00f6llers . 
  i read your two last links , i 'll try to adress every point by itself . 
  first off , you 're using a logical fallacy in your second paragraph . 
  ema was an antisemite ( which of course was true ) therefore everyone who had the same idea must have been one too . 
  that 's not what you said , but that 's what you are implying by your phrasing . 
  this is n't true , historians have thoroughly looked into the pasts of scharnhorst , gneisenau , von boyen and other prominent leaders of the prussian reforms and idea of a german nation . 
  their records are spotless . 
  ema himself also emotionally fought against serfdom , also while objectively an antisemite you should take a look at the general view towards jews unfortunately held by the majority of the catholic germanies . 
  he does n't strike out far , so implying that german patriotism necessarily equals antisemitism is a vast overstatement . 
  second , your argumentation in the same paragraph is flawed . 
  the pamphlet can be seen as an early draft of the ideas marx would later have and revolutionary france went through basically every political system in the book , but in the end we had a french `` nation '' which again defined by exclusion ( being french ) . 
  we have that situation today , for example a reason why most french people i know refuse to speak english when in france . 
  the usa built their idea of an american nation by excluding themselves from the british and violently gaining independance . 
  after that the us entered a phase of complete isolation in foreign politics for about a hundred years . 
  in fact , if anything the first idea of a unified germany was inclusive , after all all germanies were sovereign countries at the moment . 
  the idea to unify several countries was about as bold as suggesting to merge the benelux nations into one nation . 
  you also conveniently ignore the march revolutions ( where we first would see black-red-gold as a flag ) and the frankfurt national assembly . 
  it was the people of the third estate who started to push the idea of a nation and a unified germany , and it was the ruling class that tried to deny them . 
  they actually wanted to crown the prussian king friedrich wilhelm iv . 
  the german emperor , he refused . 
  the idea of a german nation may have started in the heads of the aristocracy before it came down to the populus , but to say that the idea of a german nation would be different in its heritage is not true . 
  regarding the rise of xenophobic crimes in wake of 2006 : correlation does not necessarily equal causation . 
  this was shortly after the nazi party got into certain state assemblies . 
  this was in a time of economical turmoil with the integration of unemployment money 2 etc. 
  i 'm not saying that there is absolutely no causation , i 'm saying there are more factors than flags at football games . 
  regarding the articles , they 're both flawed . 
  the first one admits that there is a clear distinction between patriotism and nationalism , and that the rise of nationalism because of football is ignorable , the sz-article does n't really know what it 's saying , referring to the imperial flag as the imperial war flag and the interviewed people contradicting themselves in the final paragraph . 
  if you look at the historic tradition there is basically no difference between german idea of a nation and other ideas 2 . 
  none of your articles actually prove patriotism to be politically wrong . 
  the `` good reasoning '' for germans to celebrate its nation is as follows : people tend to identify themselves with other people they happened to be unified with . 
  there is nothing wrong with that , it does not necessarily promote xenophobia and it 's a way of getting everyone to achieve a certain goal ( take the moon landing for example ) .
