  the founder of a group lobbying for a sane amount of migrants in the north of hamburg ( 1500 migrants instead of 3000 in exchange for volunteer work in the shelter by locals ) got threatened with his family 's death while shopping for groceries . 
  they do n't target women exclusively , they target anyone who speaks up . 
  so it is not hate for women in general , it 's hate for women who do n't follow the narrative . 
   in december 2015 54 % of new arrivals were from syria , 10 % from iraq and 9 % from afghanistan well we do know what this is due to , it 's because macedonia et al. 
  started to refuse passage to migrants not from mentioned countries . 
  meaning that the uncontrolled flow from sep-nov has stopped already . 
  iirc there also were reports of greek police driving them back from the borders in the zeit . 
   of course germany alone can not harbour the 60 + million refugees worldwide but we should take as many as we can without destabilizing the country . 
  honestly , this is something i and everyone i know do n't even disagree with . 
  the question is how much is that exactly , what will be done to integrate them , what will be done with refused asylum seekers ( most african states will torture and kill returners , meaning that they ca n't be deported ever ) and whether or not they are refugees or new citizens . 
  also the big question of what is to be done if the tide is larger than europe can handle . 
  let 's say at some point down the road there will be a summer in which 5-10 million people will try to get into europe in general , sweden/germany in particular . 
  if europe does n't disincentivise migration not caused by war from the get-go , there will be a point where we will have to forcefully keep them out in order to ensure the system 's survival . 
  personally i 'd rather it did n't come to that , especially not since the amount of refugees taken in by arabic states still is zero . 
   to sum it up . 
  doing what 's best us from an egoistic point of view would require us to live with blood on our hands and we 're not willing to do that . 
  that is still thinking that all the migrants are refugees . 
  have you been to a refugee center ? 
  the share of actual war refugees is an extremely small minority , the rest are simply migrants who want to live here . 
  not that i would n't understand it , but there is the official application process and there 's abusing the asylum system . 
  this is not only despicable in itself , but also a disservice to actual refugees . 
  and even if 100 % were actual refugees and we would take in a million per year , we could n't put much of a dent into the number of refugees on this planet due to birth rates . 
  there is nothing shameful about not being able to help everyone , the description as `` blood on our hands '' is a factually incorrect appeal to emotion . 
  why would there be no `` blood on our hands '' if we took in so many migrants that public order would collapse ? 
  unfortunately the oath of office is not legally binding , as kohl found out back in the 90s . 
  it 's merely a gesture . 
   what the fuck . 
  police should be impartial regarding politics . 
  this incompetent tool should resign or be fired . 
  remember the cologne police chief ? 
  that guy never even actually worked as a police officer a day in his life . 
  he became chief of police because he was a politician and member of parliament . 
  i doubt that this has a point considering your vitriol , but here goes : [ literally the first ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/politik/nach-den-sexuellen-uebergriffen-in-koeln-sexuelle-gewalt-ist-fuer-viele-frauen-alltag/12799842.html ) two [ results ] ( https://archive.is/bmny8 ) from google . 
  next time , try to not insult everyone who does n't share your opinion . 
  that way they are more willing to consider your point , and it 's less humiliating if you get proven wrong . 
  same shit when he was defense minister , technically even before and after . 
  it was always `` the bundeswehr has completely failed in afghanistan !, 
  '' , never `` the government failed in afghanistan '' or - gasp - an actual admission like `` we failed in afghanistan '' . 
  my basic training luckily was in the 4th quarter so it was `` just '' -15 \u00b0 , but i had to train a group of recruits in the first quarter . 
  of course we spent the coldest week of the year ( -24 \u00b0 ) sleeping in the forest . 
  two sleeping bags were burnt to crisps by the same guy , good times . 
  out of interest , is your starting date for conscription the same across the entire country ? 
  back when the draft was active we would have new recruits every quarter , the first quarter was usually known as the butchers , masons and murderers ( in german mmm ) , so the first quarter was not only a pain because of the temperature , but also because of the idiocy of most recruits . 
   if not , how do we decide who to take in for the first hundred ? 
  personally i was thinking more about fiddling around the number in the family relocation section , but yes , the decisions would ultimately be completely random , even after weeding down to the most endangered people . 
  that 's my personal issue with a binding quota , which is why i support a quota as a general directive , combined with temporary restrictions by country/severeness of prosecution . 
   but that 's exactly what a quote aims to do , it sets up this definite goal , and if it does n't hit this definite goal , it is entirely pointless . 
  sure , but when it comes to these large numbers , hitting the exact number would be near impossible anyway . 
  my university did n't even manage to hit any class strength guidelines , and working for the govt i can tell you from experience , that quotas are never kept down to the last number . 
  that does n't mean that you rule out scetching out the idea of what you can cope with , if that happened , the system would collapse . 
   and the quota wo n't stop the stream of refugees either . 
  they have been coming here well before , when the vast majority of them was never even officially eliglible in the first place due to the dublin laws . 
  and they kept on coming . 
  which is why the outer borders of the eu need to be guarded as an additional measure . 
  the western route is almost entirely locked down to illegal crossings , as millions would use that route if passage were as free as at the balkan route in late summer . 
  that way you also do n't have as much people fleeing from wars have to board an instable raft in order to get into europe . 
   also , seriously , if you are taking the gdr as an example of working border control , then that 's really an argument against that kind of border control . 
  i was more taking the example of the us/mex border as expressively stated , with the gdr as a reference as to how far things have already escalated in the past . 
   through such direct transfer programs , germany had taken in a mere 20.000 people in three years . 
  and deportations from germany were always around 10.000 per year lately , that area is getting more funding/personnel in the future . 
   as said , it would work , but only with a government genuinely interested in taking in realistic numbers of refugees . 
  `` realistic '' both defined by what can a country shoulder at such ( admittedly shameful ) short notice and how a significant number of refugees can be helped . 
  in my opinion you ca n't ignore either , or you have refugees freezing in tents and gyms full of people living there for months . 
  also , the current complete loss of control of entries opens up a wide door to abuse of the asylum system , which we can in part already see today . 
  if you focus on not letting in a single person more than the cap says , then yes . 
  but for once there would be an unbelievably huge comforting effect on the natives , because right now not even the state can tell or even guess how many have arrived since summer , and this uncertainty causes doubts and fear . 
  right now the nazis are yelling something about 4 million this year alone , technically their guess is as good as ours . 
  the cap would be a number to work with . 
  secondly , it would be entirely possible to create an infrastructure centered around bringing a certain number of people in from the outside , eg . 
  directly from crisis regions . 
  it 's also byfar not impossible to guard a border without letting everyone in , the gdr was able to kennel their own 17 million people like animals until 25 years ago , and was a way more difficult task without modern technology . 
  the question is do we want a situation like the us/mex border rather than is it possible . 
  the real problem is a moral one : there will always be more valid applicants than free slots per year , considering that 65 million people worldwide are currently displaced . 
  a few hundred more or less than the agreed upon cap would n't be a problem , but how do you distinct who gets a real chance to live in the first world , and who stays behind in a un refugee camp somewhere in the desert ? 
  sure , a few articles from spon and zon because they have a decent search function . 
  [ faymann calls the hungarian handling `` similar to the darkest period of our time '' ] ( https://magazin.spiegel.de/digital/?utm_source=spon&amp;utm_campaign=vorab#sp/2015/38/138603628 ) . 
  in the print version he directly [ compares the fence to racial politics of the ns-reign . 
  because yes , that 's exactly how you journalism . 
  [ accusations of being autistic and keeping concentration camps . 
   last time i checked germany does n't have control over greek , macedonian , serbian , hungarian , croatian , slovenian and austrian borders . 
  except for , you know , the giant pull factor that her words ( which were translated into an open invitation throughout the near and middle east , do n't kid yourself ) created , combined with an expressed unwillingness to help those countries secure their borders . 
  once hungary tried to help themselves , they were hissed at and called a bunch of nazis , remember ? 
  no , smart wording . 
  as the article says , it 's a compromise . 
  what her party and large parts of the public want is not a potentially immeasurable reduction of inflow , they want a binding yearly cap . 
  they want the government to state a number of migrants that can come in in one year , and when this number is reached the boomgate falls down for everyone else . 
  merkel does n't want this , because she does n't want pictures of migrants sitting at the border . 
  thanks to this little eyewash , she hopes to appease her own party in the meeting kicking off today . 
  the dynamics between the 2 protagonists completely confused me towards the end . 
  especially in the last scene where it 's not even clarified whether or not medic-girl survived . 
  it felt a bit like one of those movies where teenagers do nonsensical `` teenager '' stuff for the sake of the movie , but within a war scenario . 
  i loved the quality though . 
  yes , i was criticising your reductio ad absurdo where you misrepresented orumphul 's comment . 
  not letting in people from safe countries is not the same as letting people in need die at your borders . 
  your metaphor suggested collective urgency/real danger , which simply is n't the case for everyone . 
  byfar not everyone . 
  sure , because the only choices we have are our current situation and not doing anything at all . 
  after all , the world is black and white , every situation only has two ways to approach them . 
  you are advocating a testimony of disgrace to intellectualism . 
   you know , it 's easy for people to criticize military budgets , but in western militaries , the biggest costs are always personnel and maintenance , not procurement of new weapons .
