my experience is primarily with the northern surrounding countries , particularly belgium , netherlands , denmark , poland and czech republic . 
  of those train systems the dutch ns is in my opinion the best one hands down , but that could also be due to the fact that i never had problems while driving by train in holland . 
  also because dutch conductors do n't behave like violent animals if you ask them about the status of connecting trains and whatnot . 
  it was , until roughly twenty years ago . 
  then the db became a private company which in parts is owned by the government , with gradually shrinking ownership . 
  the only thing left in government care is the rail system itself . 
  ever since db became private , they 're crimping hard . 
  tickets are insultingly expensive as / u/sndrtj pointed out ( you need to travel at least 700km for a train ticket to be cheaper than gas for the car trip would cost you - and germany is only roughly 900km `` long '' ) . 
  new trains are ridiculously sensitive to temperature fluctuations which would be considered normal for central europe and if there 's a problem the train will often simply stop and the conductor will wait for additional information - which can take hours . 
  you 'd be surprised how bad the german train system ( not rail system , that 's still state owned ) actually is . 
  trains stop dead in their tracks in the summer , which of course also means that the a/c does n't work , and passengers are regularly left to be cooked alive somewhere in the hicks . 
  i know it 's a cliche to complain about the german train system , but years ago we hit a point where we were outperformed by every surrounding country . 
  and hamburg would turn into a european ciudad del este , being between three countries . 
  that would mean drugs , prostitution ... oh wait . 
   basically as soon as it comes to greece it flows back to germany and france for the most part . 
  uhm , no . 
  107 billion ( so one third of all debts ) was just cut . 
  also , you 're paying interest to the ecb . 
  the ecb then splits the earnings among the banks that provided the 130 billion . 
   you 'll always be the country that committed the biggest genocide in the history of humanity , aka a country of murderers . 
  it 's 2014 , do i really have to explain why the concept of `` original sin '' is bullshit ? 
  if anything , you knowing how toxic that ideology is and still supporting it shames you . 
  how about something more recent : a greek flag in srebrenica . 
  seems like that changed ever since the irish snuck back in . 
  judging from your tone i guess you want to start an argument . 
  i wo n't humor you with that , but you ca n't tell me you do n't see the value of supporting a country 's international references or first hand knowledge about the military helping in developing an informed opinion on foreign involvement . 
  personally i did n't mind serving . 
  for me as an a-levels graduate it tought me much about interacting with people from all kinds of backgrounds and made me bond friendships that last to this day . 
  i actually do n't know a single person who regretted going . 
  also , six months of service in either the military or civil service is not a long time , and it 's definitely not time wasted , both for personal growth and skill development . 
  i did n't mind giving back something to my country . 
  from a military perspective , conscripts were desperately needed . 
  they made 50 % of career soldier applicants and were needed to help the barracks sort daily affairs . 
  now professional soldiers have to fill these roles , therefore they are wasting time for deployment training . 
  while i generally agree , it is n't as simple as just disassembling turbines . 
  either way would hurt . 
   after they had prolonged the running times , that were put in place by the previous government . 
  that whole mess was pretty much the cdu/csu 's fault . 
  that was what i was meaning with fighting , since the issue was pretty controversial . 
  the extension of running times was pressed through by merkel 's administration ( s ) , but public opinion was with the opposition . 
  at the same time vattenfall , eon , etc. 
  were actually campaigning for an extension of running times up to 60 years and even the construction of new reactors . 
  that was the time `` ausstieg aus dem ausstieg '' became a popular term . 
  cold fusion is an idea of a variant of a nuclear fusion that was said to be able to produce clean energy via `` low energy nuclear reactions '' . 
  i 'm not a scientist , but the [ wikipedia entry ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/kalte_fusion ) offers more information . 
  it is currently considered pathological science , but the field is making advances and recently the us navy has released a [ patent ] ( http://www.public.navy.mil/spawar/pacific/techtransfer/productsservices/pages/technologies.aspx ) for using a cold fusion reactor to cheaply safely and quickly reduce nuclear waste into harmless fractions . 
  i do n't mean that such technology would render clean energy obsolete , but it would be more efficient and most other countries would run on it . 
  well you have to admit that the whole decision about the complete drop of nuclear power came across extremely unprofessionally . 
  first the continued use was fought for with hands and feet , suddenly a tsunami hits a reactor in japan and within 72 hours the plan for a complete drop is finalised . 
  also , a lot can happen in 20-40 years . 
  it 'd be extremely frustrating if germany 's power became 100 % clean with millions of wind and solar generators , only for cold fusion reactors to become affordable a year or so later . 
  if you look up the definition of nationalism in websters or oxford or basically any dictionary , you see that by definition it is always bound to a country . 
  if i have to decide between dictionaries of the english language and a website that regularly has wrong information , i 'd pick the former . 
  i really do n't know where you may have heard that , but that 's inherintly wrong . 
  even in its beginning stages during the american and french revolutions nationalism was directly tied to building or maintaining a country . 
  there is no kurd nation since it lacks a country , i have yet to hear a kurd referring to his people that way . 
  there are kurd nationalists who - surprise surprise - want kurdistan to be an own country or at least an autonomous region . 
  not in today 's context . 
  a patriot loves his country , a nationalist hates all other countries . 
  this definition has been passed on from clemenceau in the 19th century and has `` recently '' been reiterated by johannes rau , who many germans consider an authority figure on that matter . 
  clearly the co would have said `` na gut , dann halt nicht '' . 
  little known fact , if just one person would have approached hitler and told him that he is not okay with this whole lebensraum thing , hitler would have immediately given up all plans for the war and declared sunday free franzbr\u00f6tchen-day . 
  nationalism by default is the feeling of supremacy of one 's country . 
  how can there be anything positive about that ? 
  if you 're talking about patriotism , that is something truly lacking in germany , and is always interpreted as nationalism . 
  do n't let a genuine tr\u00fcmmerfrau hear that , she 'd toss you over the brandenburg gate . 
  you were voted to be the countrys entry to the contest , but during the contest it is about you and the other singers . 
  singers are no official dignitaries and the act of performing is not politically motivated . 
  having won a contest is n't of any political or real relevance either . 
  as much as i understand the resentment , at that moment all these girls experienced was a stadium full of people that was extremely hostile to them personally . 
  in time they will understand that it was rather because of recent events , but doubt will always remain . 
  especially since those events were n't something they as seventeen year-olds could control . 
  i once almost missed my flight because of that . 
  i wanted to transfer from charles de gaulle to orly and was frantically searching for the bus station . 
  i asked an official in english and he answered something in french . 
  i asked him to repeat that in english or at least slow enough for me to derive it from spanish , but he would n't have any of that . 
  at some point a nice old lady translated to german for me and i got there barely on time . 
  i would have missed my flight to guadeloupe for that . 
  no you do not . 
  you represent yourself , the singer , who happened to be voted the most capable of your country for a singing contest . 
  depends , i heard it on several stations on the u1 just today . 
  officially the minister positions changed the day merkel got inaugurated . 
  the first official email went around friday . 
  you forgot to mention that the former family minister who tried to install a censoring apparatus for `` cp and copyright '' now has been appointed to defense minister . 
  this is bad for the german military because it is in the middle of a severe restructuring program , now that the old minister ( new minister of interior ) and his staff have moved elsewhere the process will be halted for at least a year , since all the new workers need to get into the matter . 
  also the new minister basically admitted to not knowing the first thing about germany 's military on television . 
  yet there are at least 40.000 women who agree with her , considering that that is the number of emma magazines sold per issue . 
  luckily 40.000 plus nonreading sympathisants out of 82 million is n't that much , but everyone knows her . 
  oh , in that case i do n't even know the brand . 
  i must stop at the bierhaus on my way home . 
  did you by chance try to fill the astra into a glass or drink urtyp ( beige ) instead of rotlicht ( red ) ? 
  i 've seen people do that before and i 'm not surprised if it does n't taste as well anymore . 
  in case you 're referring to the brewery that makes roth\u00e4user tannenz\u00e4pfle i vocally dissent . 
  repent , and have a nice bottle of astra . 
  i 'm not an expert , but my guess is that since ships do n't enter the elbe with full speed the emissions are kept to a minimum . 
  it 's like with cars , you blow out the most when at full speed . 
  then again , with a stopping distance of 10km i hope bigger ships do n't just barge into the dutch ports like that . 
  secondly , hamburg is surprisingly green for a metropolis . 
  or at least it 's greener than most other cities i 've been to . 
  `` lots of french and dutch with german flags '' * belgians speak both french and dutch * the belgian flag looks a bit like the german flag it 's implied that belgium is so irrelevant and therefore unknown that it 's far more likely that a few french and dutch guys got a wrongly sewed german flag than seeing actual belgians .
