  last year in berlin somehow was not relevant for hate speech investigations ? 
  every system will be abused to some extent , that 's human nature . 
  the only way to protect citizens from this is to avoid unclear phrasing when making laws , and \u00a7 130 stgb is terribly unclear . 
  i 'm all for a law prohibiting hate speech that actually is `` able to disturb public peace '' as the law itself states , but for that you have to rephrase the law text . 
  well to be fair , at that time austria was just one of the many germanies in the rag rug . 
  and if it were n't for napoleon , you and the holl\u00e4nder would n't have given us the slip . 
  you say that now , i said so back then , but anyone can tell you that there 's driving exactly the speed limit during fahrschule and there 's proper driving etiquette for everyone else . 
  not to mention that by law no two tachos are the same , your 100 might be another man 's 95 . 
  found the mittelspurschleicher !, 
  from the north , so a lot less strict about rules . 
  however if you drive slower than 20 over the speed limit outside of town , i will tailgate the shit out of you because you do n't belong on the road . 
  any aid delivered to syria is humanitarian though . 
  the weapons and training were delivered to the kurds , which has a history going back into the eighties . 
  training is practiced in northern iraq with the goal of fighting isis . 
  aside from the currently unverified assumption that german intelligence had their part in destabilising the current regime , there has been no involvement in syria since the second world war . 
  let 's keep it on topic and look at a few news magazines : spon and zon : huge banner on the top of the page that loads after several seconds , suddenly changing the cropping of the article below . 
  this is extra stupid on mobile , since there are way more ads for mobile sites . 
  the cropping of the actual article changes literally every 10 seconds without adblock . 
  welt : articles have videos with autoplay , but always play an ad first . 
  there is no possibility to simply pause the ad or turn it silent . 
  faz : the entire tab freezes until all ads are loaded in ie . 
  which is the browser work forces me to use . 
  not to mention smaller sites that use google surveys or something similar . 
  the only exception is tagesschau.de , and i only have to pay 216 $ / yr for that privilege . 
  and do n't even get me started on youtube videos . 
  if some advertiser puts himself between me and my videos , they 're instantly on my boycott list . 
  and if they clog their sites up to a point that my browsing experience is impaired , it is my right to put an end to their nonsense . 
  but i guess i am just one of those douches who even recorded tapes from the radio or tv and purposefully left out the ads back in the day . 
  the economic mayhem i must have caused . 
  passing the law they mostly had empty offices in mind . 
  there was an extremely huge influx in office buildings in the city centre for the past ~ 18 months , which are still mostly or completely empty . 
  personally i 'm not too thrilled about seizure of property , but i also look at it practically . 
  winter is around the corner , and a lot of migrants sleep in the streets . 
  500 had to camp outside the registration centre recently and that 's not including the rest of the city . 
  i 'd rather have any troublemakers trash an office building ( and the owner suing the city for damages ) than provide incentive to break-ins into warm homes . 
  of course , why they did n't come up with this idea for the city 's many homeless is beyond me . 
  for the rats . 
  no idea where exactly they come from , but it 's a problem . 
  city : flag . 
  plus my parent 's hometown an hour away . 
  i actually spent several years living in a district called billstedt . 
  to those who do n't know , this district has always been poor , and was hamburg 's center for both eastern european immigration in the 90 's as well as oriental immigration shortly after ( i too have a `` migrational background '' , though from neither of those regions ) . 
  most eastern europeans have moved away , and the district has gotten a lot better compared to 10 years ago , when there were shootings and drug deals every night . 
  today you see lots of people from the balkans/near east driving maserati or porsche . 
  especially on the market place you generally do n't see a single white face , and gypsies sold/still sell stolen clothing right by the rack in the middle of the place during market day , price tags still on . 
  parks are full of rat poison put there by the city , up to the point where i did n't dare to let my dog run around without a leash . 
  just so you get an idea about how things looked before . 
  i got out a few years back , and occasionally still visit . 
  what i noticed first was that now several people are sleeping in the bushes directly in front of the old house i used to live in ( right next to the train station ) . 
  there has been a massive influx of beggars throughout the entire eastern half of the city . 
  heaps of trash are lying around with the bags cut open and the former contents spilled across the street , because someone was looking for valuables . 
  the northern half of central station all the way up to the schauspielhaus is basically a giant open-door canteen , loosely bordered by police tape . 
  the entire area is more or less lawless , hamburger police has never cared about petty crimes , but it 's getting ridiculous . 
  officers must not force migrants to identify themselves , else they could be from lampedusa . 
  in my parent 's hometown things were better to begin with , and few substantial incidents have happened . 
  crime has gone up though , and a local deer park has halted public entry because after certain demographic shifts in the area , reports of animal abuse skyrocketed . 
  it 's not a very positive light , but remember that this is hamburg , one of the very few places all the migrants actually flock to . 
  if there just was an even distribution across the country , this would be more controllable for authorities . 
  and ironically , once you travel to the western half of the city , it 's like the events of the last two years never happened . 
  so ... only roma and sinti , no other romany tribes ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm fully aware that the german expression for gypsy ( zigeuner ) has become a bad word after the war , but this term `` roma and sinti '' is horribly exclusive , discriminating against other tribes and a step in the wrong direction . 
  and it impairs speech , are we supposed to say `` the roma and sinti are playing violin over there '' when it 's only one guy ? 
  the `` huge '' amount of people here who do n't understand the austerity and its impact are simply the ones who are unpolitical and do n't care about anything regarding politics . 
  while the amount is definitely too large , `` huge '' in relation to the rest of the populus may be a strong word . 
  however there were n't really lies or accusations the german government hauled against the portuguese in particular . 
  and i have never heard someone complain about portuguese politics , quite the contrary . 
  when complaining about `` certain mediterranean countries '' people usually only think about greece italy and partly spain , because these countries are hesitant/unwilling to do something about their situation . 
  portugal and ireland usually remain unscathed . 
  and the target group this spot is directed to will probably never see it anyway , because they do n't care about anything that is n't jersey shore . 
  as a german with partly portuguese roots , i do n't really get the meaning of this spot . 
  it implies that at least a notable amount of germans ( if not all ) think that the portuguese are lazy ass fucks . 
  nothing could be more wrong . 
  news about changes in portuguese politics make their way to germany too . 
  i live in one of the biggest cities and i have yet to meet somebody who expresses his frustration with how the portuguese handle the crisis . 
  the greeks , that is a completely different issue , the italians and spaniards are very rarely frowned upon too . 
  but this spot really was n't needed , no need to raise awareness for an issue that is n't there . 
  yep , but the majority does n't seem to get the sarcasm ( relevant username i guess ) . 
  oh i 'm pretty sure that will happen in some time , and europe will be involved in some way , even in an attempt to just deescalate . 
  however from your initial post it seemed as if you expected the euro-crisis to blow up the eu and leave europe as one gigantic failed state with civil wars , leaving other nations to intervene . 
  basically i meant `` strengthen '' it in the way you already mentioned . 
  we already have some forms of supranational commands ( nato and un peacekeeping forces , battlegroups , eurokorps , deu/fra brigade , deu/nl korps etc ) and after some bumps along the way they have proven themselves to be effective . 
  thanks to nato we already have a common strategic culture , and tactical/strategic doctrines are n't really different ( meaning that for example there is no `` special french way '' of fulfilling a task ) . 
  the specialization aspect is also true , for example in return germany completely scratched its close and medium proximity air defense and severely reduced its artillery , because the dutch are supposed to take care of that during deployment . 
  from a military perspective there would n't be that much adapation to do if someone decided to form a common funds pool and maintain a common military from there , and that 's why i think that it 'll be inevitable some time in the future . 
  but just not right now or in time for a possible intervention in syria . 
  at the moment we have a a financial crisis , upcoming elections and just about every countries military is in the middle of extensive renewals . 
  plus the transformation to part sovereign , part eu controlled military will take another several years as well . 
  and its also a question of practice , for us germans it is n't much of a problem to think of a common military , since we did n't really develop patriotism or an identification with our military since the war . 
  residents of other countries might see this differently , keep in mind that many already protested against a common constitution years ago because they felt threatened in their national identity . 
  aw man , this turned out way longer than it should be , sorry for the wall of text . 
  what i meant to say is that i agree with your points , and while i expect this to happen eventually , it will still take time , maybe even a few decades . 
  i 'm writing in r/europe and post numbers about the german military budget and size , i 'll leave it to you to answer where i 'm from and how old i may be . 
  and honestly , no . 
  the eu is not desintegrating , and having visited portugal this summer i 'm pretty sure this is n't even the consensus at your place . 
  we have a eurozone crisis , that is true . 
  some countries still do n't get that they have to change something , others cut public servant wages by 20 % . 
  even if the euro collapses ( which personally i think is possible but not extremely likely ) , the union is not defined by the euro alone . 
  it would reduce to former stages , not desintegrate . 
  also stage for another global conflict : wat . 
  global conflict would mean : * military stage aggression within europe ( organized and armed insurgents , not `` just '' riots out of control ) * military involvement of more than one non-european country or the expansion of the conflict onto other continents i honestly do n't know which one is more likely , but rest assured this will not happen within the next fifty years .
