i 'm using the polish flag and i do n't support independence of my prussian lebensraum from germany either !, 
   `` i do n't see legitimacy in a judicial system based on authority , because i do n't recognise its authority , '' ** [ teenage angst intensifies . 
  wow # 110 mln euro 's is about # 90 mln pounds , please come build fibre here poland . 
  you think this guy is remotely conservative ? 
  silicon is actually in short supply , the us which was the main producer is running out , but good news , afghanistan has lots !, 
  and guess what else ? 
  the taliban have given the us rights to mine silicon in certain silicon rich areas of afghanistan in return for the us leaving the taliban alone in other areas !, 
  silicon , coal , oil , rare earth minerals and other resources . 
  some of those things are incredibly environmentally dangerous and toxic to mine too . 
  there 's much more uranium and thorium available for humanity than there is silicon to make solar panels , or even iron to make wind turbines . 
  you know both solar panels and wind turbines require coal , oil and rare earth minerals to make too ? 
  we could safely provide humanities energy needs for thousands of years with available nuclear resources , and not just provide everyone 's energy needs but do it cheaply too . 
  in the uk inequality is actually decreasing for the first time in 20 years , the rich are getting poorer . 
  it 's been happening for the past 4 years . 
  did n't russia get screwed over by goldman sachs when they were advising them on transitioning to a capitalist economy after the fall of the ussr ? 
  it 's about as dry as my bombay sapphire and there 's a reason the scottish government wants to build one of the world 's biggest wind farms there , it 's windy as fuck . 
  the campaign was rather accurate too , eastern poland has been one of the fastest growing regions in the whole of europe , if i had invested there 10 years ago i could retire now . 
  photos or it did n't happen . 
  i doubt it , putin is n't french . 
  please fix kebab first . 
  uk needs to sanction eu , must learn english for bailout , [ peasants . 
  go away with your facts and statistics , you 're upsetting the circlejerk . 
  yes this is definitely the fault of capitalism . 
  the capitalists who ran the communist society for nearly a century and the capitalists who started the war with ukraine . 
  somewhere hot with lots of beaches , dutch aruba in the caribbean or french guiana in south america sound good . 
  we do n't have to defeat the islamists in those other places , we only have to stop acting in saudi arabia 's interests and remove sanctions from iran , then the shia 's will get more powerful and the sunnis and shias will fight amongst themselves again , this was how the balance of power always was , and should never have been upset . 
  because cyprus had a `` bail in '' , i wonder how happy greeks will be when they find out they can have an end to their austerity but their bank accounts are being raided to pay for it whilst capital controls are in place . 
  to destroy isis ? 
  yes . 
  i have n't heard such a moral suggestion for war since ww2 . 
  history will look back on us as barbarians for sitting on our asses and doing nothing , we 're literally allowing a holocaust to happen on europe 's borders . 
  refugees from other religions are n't overrepresented in sexual crimes in europe , just muslims . 
  in fairness it 's mostly pakistani muslims . 
  napoleon had an embargo going on because he personally did n't like britain , he was simply sullking . 
  he had no right to tell other countries who they can and ca n't trade with . 
  nowadays he would be ignored like putin . 
  imagine if russia bullied ukraine not to trade with poland , and putin said he would invade ukraine if they did trade with poland as punishment , that 's basically what napoleon did . 
  the punishment for breaking sanctions is not invasion , that 's insane . 
  anyway the result of napoleon 's `` embargo '' simply made britain stronger because it meant britain had to trade with the rest of the world and caused it to create the empire . 
  it also made countries such as portugal and spain wealthy who ignored it and helped end the french republic with their new wealth . 
   he was basically at war with britain the whole time and made sure everyone knew he 'd attack them if they traded with britain . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's fucking insane , russia should be free to trade with britain if it wanted to , so napoleon did n't like it ? 
  bo fucking ho , he did n't need to start a war which nearly wiped out his entire army . 
  it was his ego pure and simple . 
  greece has one of the biggest shipping industries in the world , and is the second place after the netherlands where goods enter the eu from foreign markets , particularly asia and china . 
  china just invested billions in greek ports to expand this industry even further . 
  greece does n't necessarily manufacture and sell anything , but it has plenty of business and industry . 
  it 's rather ironic that it 's biggest industry evolved out of the grips of incompetent governments on the sea . 
  having high debt to gdp is no problem if you can service that debt , the uk has no problem , the us has no problem , japan has no problem . 
  greece however has no way to pay the debt . 
   i do think that islam when compared to the history of europe and christianity is relatively peaceful . 
  i do n't think you know much about the history of islam . 
  islam was formed when mohammed literally raided nearby towns to steal loot , then got popular so encouraged others to do the same thing . 
  in order to be a good muslim you have to lead a life as close to the prophet mohammed as possible . 
  the vast majority is underwritten by france , germany and the netherlands though , with belgium and italy having some too although nothing to worry about . 
  if they have a plebiscite and vote for independence then that region no longer belongs to turkey , unless turkey wishes to withdraw from the un and all associated conventions . 
  other way round , it means they trust the banks and not the government , otherwise why would they leave their money in the banks own safe deposit boxes , but not in government controlled accounts ? 
  it wont be painful for the eurozone banks at all , most of their greek debt has been transferred onto french and german taxpayers , the banks are mostly isolated . 
  egypt , russia etc were all pointless wars to fuel his ego , they all cost france dearly too in money and blood . 
  i 'd rather be a knave than conscripted into the french army to fight for napoleon because he had a small ego due to being short . 
  the ela ends tuesday and wont be extended . 
  yeah we did see improvement , greece was actually growing before syriza came to power . 
  he also slaughtered hundreds of thousands of innocent people , committed war crimes and genocide , invaded countries because he was bored , bankrupted france , and allowed the russians to invade all the way to paris because of his poor military decisions . 
  he 's french , it 's going to have the opposite effect than you hope for . 
  1066 was normans ( descendants of vikings ) not french , but nice try . 
  i do n't know how you can say the imf approach failed when greece was growing before syriza came to power . 
  the imf has also been highly critical of the eu and ecb response , it told them both to wipe off a lot of greece 's loans many years ago when the crisis started , but french and german banks started whining to their governments and got the governments to take on the bad loans . 
  the imf is also highly keynesian , it 's very existence means it is the polar opposite of the austrian economics hayek advocated . 
  keynes said stimulus spending is supposed to come from money saved during the good times , and governments were never supposed to go into debt , something many people conveniently forget . 
  this money taken out of the economy during the good times would prevent overheating leading to bubbles and crashes . 
  syriza would never do any of this , they hate people like keynes and his economic ideas , they just want to pick and choose which bits suit their narrative . 
  hinduuuuu coming throuuuuugh, 
  why would the uk care ? 
  we beat him , it would be an honour for us . 
  most sikhs are migration success stories . 
  it depends how long you knowingly breach bail for , he would go to jail for a long time as it currently stands because he 's got no mitigating circumstances . 
  there 's two ways , either by ferry at several crossing points , or by train which you can drive your car / lorry onto ( there 's a tunnel under the sea connecting france / uk ) . 
   all the countries ** governments ** you mention support or do not oppose a closer union . 
  not the citizens , and that 's the crux of the matter . 
  you can only swim against the tide for so long . 
  it literally has the eu flag as it 's logo , / r/europe is basically / r/eu . 
  inb4 `` it represents people not in the eu too '' , yeah yeah . 
  it 's not exactly unanimous though . 
  suggest that france should cut it 's cap by 80 % to a french person , suggest that poland should take it 's quote of african immigrants to a polish person , suggest that the netherlands should massively increase it 's net contribution to the eu to subsidise poorer countries even more to a dutch person and see how much `` unanimous will '' you get . 
  it 's not so simple , most smaller businesses are against the eu , these businesses employ 70 % of people in the uk and pay over 70 % of all tax ( fsb / federation of small businesses ) . 
  however a select few large multinational corporations that form the cbi and have huge influence in the media are pro-eu , they are also pro euro and have called for the uk to join the currency since the 90 's . 
  if britain leaves the eu wo n't strengthen as you think . 
  the net contributors to the eu budget will suddenly have to contribute a lot more , think they will be happy about that ? 
  wales now has the ability to borrow it 's own money , you can build your own . 
  could even have special guide-sheep carriages ? 
  europe getting it 's shit together involves poland being willing to take a shit load more immigrants . 
  hollande implemented even more radical supply side reforms than margaret thatcher , even the economist was praising france . 
  we can grant them asylum somewhere there 's plenty of lebensraum , poland ? 
  i think requiring phd 's is a bit ridiculous , anyone with a degree or masters degree is likely to be a net benefit to society eventually even if they do n't earn # 36k straight away . 
  also this causes serious issues for organisations like the nhs who recruit the majority of nurses from abroad , and domestic training wo n't solve this crisis for decades . 
   there 's no immigrants trying to get into france on the british side what does that say about france ? 
  thanks for the complements !, 
  prepare for letters of outrage . 
  if people want to get out why should n't they be expected to pay in ? 
  if not the system is unsustainable , it does n't matter if your capitalist or communist .
