  it could use the euro alongside a new currency indefinitely . 
  the new currency could be digital only and all spending in euros . 
  most get to greece by boat . 
  if greece actually wants to recover economically it has to be more attractive than european neighbours to do business , otherwise people wo n't invest and local greeks will leave to do busibess elsewhere . 
  it 's not hard to implement , in the uk you can set up a business in less than 10 mins on the internet and get a bank account and start trading in another 20 mins , there 's no reason any country ca n't do this . 
  in greece the process requires huge amounts of paperwork , notary stamps , beaurocracy and can take months . 
  why bother ? 
  a greek person with a good business idea can simply set up a company in the uk online and get on a ryanair flight . 
  russia is expert at making harbours safe , it kindly made the crimea harbour safe for ukraine , and now can do the same thing for greece . 
  i ca n't wait to see the polanballs that china will make in 50 years time . 
  the rest of europe is n't exactly nigeria or the ivory coast . 
  it would be illegal for these polish shops to refuse to sell to other european customers anyway . 
  she sprays him with mace at the beginning , he 's probably blinded and in a lot of pain . 
  this would be illegal in the uk , it 's considered an offensive weapon . 
  where are these cities ? 
  not in the european banana for sure . 
  nono i like my kebabs . 
  it 's phonetic , you say it exactly as it 's written , a lot of people claim it 's easier for this reason . 
  english has a load of exceptions you have to learn because it 's a mongrel language . 
  a lot of countries are simply getting full , it 's hardly surprising with such high unemployment in many eu countries that they are turning anti-immigration . 
  it 's a natural consequence of the circumstances , you need to blame bad economic policy from governments and central banks , not the population . 
  there are members of the snp against immigration yes , and also many labour members . 
  shit loads just not in your country . 
  you borrow money , something western european countries have been doing for a few decades now . 
  enjoy , 
  immigration = / = left or right . 
  [ the eu right now . 
   each satellite is expected to be about 150kg is size 150kg x 600 satellites = 90,000 kg ( 90 tonnes ) . 
  300 satellites will be held as spares . 
  i do n't know how many launches 90 tonnes will take but i assume it 's a metric shit load . 
  two . 
  [ glorious independent currency masterrace . 
   money always and only was and is created out of credits i take it you 've never heard of the gold standard which was the basis of all money for most of the past 3000 years , except the last 30 + war times . 
  it 's also an american tradition too . 
  i see you do n't understand left wing politics yet . 
  here have a dose of feels and pass me your wallet . 
  baaaa baaaa, 
  i guess welsh people will stick to sheep . 
  they have been constantly wrong about the uk too , infact i 'm convinced if you want your country to be wealthy and successful you should do whatever opposite the imf prescribe . 
  if the imf if praising and congratulating your government then you are fucked . 
  the whole point of parenting is to make sure those negative influences do n't affect your child . 
  children raised properly are n't stubborn in the first place . 
  napoleon helps hide the dirty laundry and turns the revolution from a bloody economic disaster that completely failed and was totally unnecessary into something glorious . 
  18.15 eur would have been funnier . 
  good luck actually enforcing this tax in spain . 
  i 'm surprised madrid is in deficit , of all the regions at least madrid and castilla la mancha should have a large surplus , enough to fund the other regions . 
  does this mean that every single region is in deficit still ? 
  greece should ask for interest equal to it 's debt repayments from the imf and ecb . 
  greece should ask for interest equal to it 's debt repayments from the imf and ecb . 
  it 's unlikely the highly skilled people who left poland will ever come back , more likely poland will `` brain drain '' people from new eu countries such as ukraine and the balkan regions when they eventually join . 
  studies show nearly 50 % of the polish people who moved to the uk started families in the uk and intend to stay there , becoming permanent fixtures in british society . 
  it 's extremely unlikely poland will ever get those people back , although it does n't really matter because in a few decades the entire eu will be like the us and it will be just like moving between states . 
  the polish government is giving polish people a bad name . 
  most british people have absolutely no issue with polish people coming here to work , and infact absolutely welcome it . 
  even amongst the most pro-ukip anti-eu people i know all of them welcome hard working polish people and their families here , as long as they work hard , pay tax and do n't claim benefits then there 's absolutely no problem . 
  however the polish government having a hissy fit and trying to tell our government how to behave does piss people off , how would poland feel if the russian government decided to start telling it how to behave , and threatened to get the eu to force it to do things ? 
  irish people would have given the same answer before the economic crisis in 2007 started . 
  this is n't really `` outsourcing '' , lithuania is part of the european union , free market access , european standards and high language levels . 
  google is creating new business , it is n't `` outsourcing '' anyones job . 
  google is n't making each person get a smaller slice of the pie , it 's making more pies in the kitchen . 
  it 's also heavily investing in the uk and now has 8 offices in london with tens of thousands of new staff , and i assume it 's doing the same thing in other european countries . 
  i 'm not talking about the country i 'm talking about the private banks . 
  polish girls have a weakness for anyone outside eastern europe . 
  most greek debt is owned by german and french banks , if belgium wants to loan greece a shit load of money , enough to bankrupt belgium , then it can be invited to those crisis meetings too . 
  that 's not a nice way to talk about scotland ( who did most of the irish invasions ) . 
  by resigning he gets to keep his salary , pension and other benefits . 
  if he had waited until the fbi and swiss investigations caught up with him then fifa would have fired him and he 'd lose all his benefits . 
  i bet he also gets a generous `` relocation allowance '' of several million for doing 6 days of his new presidency . 
  britain just announced increases in spending for military bases in germany and cyprus , the numbers are expected to get bigger not be gone , this is because of russia . 
   1 ) most contributing factor is the the lackluster economy of the eurozone currency area which is dragging everybody down . 
  then why are other eu countries reducing their unemployment to record low levels ? 
  invade france or collect troops for your next crusade in the holy lands , duh . 
  minor teams like england ? 
  you do realise the fa is one of fifa 's founding members and biggest funders right ? 
  these maps are wrong . 
  i 've personally taken a direct train from london to frankfurt in far less than 6 hours , and you can get from london to madrid much quicker than 22 hours too ( did it when iceland 's volcano erupted and there was the `` ash cloud '' for a few weeks ) . 
  i remember leaving london at 5pm and getting to madrid by 6am the next morning , and that was with severe delays and so busy there was only standing room . 
  not all jews , it 's becoming increasingly fashionable in israel not to circumcise . 
  you 're more likely to be sexually abused by a female school teacher than a male catholic priest , but whatever , the male hate train steams on . 
  simply france as germany alone can impose it on the rest of the eurozone using ecb fiscal powers and the support of a few other countries such as finland which wo n't be hard . 
  it can be pushed though the euro channels rather than on an eu basis . 
  the uk and france have a joint defence agreement and work together militarily all over the world , and train together too . 
  so your analogy is bullshit . 
  poland gets a lot of cap ( i think even more than france ) because it 's great for farming , it 's basically the breadbasket of europe at the moment because it 's the cheapest , safest , easiest place to grow food and manufacture things in europe , lots of cheap labour , lots of free land , lots of natural resources . 
  essentially poland is the shanghai of europe . 
  everyone hates a lot of things the eu does , yes it will happen , the population just need to be groomed correctly and they 'll follow like sheep . 
  most other countries have no say in drafting that legislation either , it does n't bother china , japan , australia , canada , south korea etc. 
  they all trade happily with the eu . 
  anyway once ttip is signed even the eu wont have any say over it 's own legislation , prepare your anuses for steroid meat and gm crops . 
  the ecb is the cushy consultant job as a retirement from goldman sachs !, 
  the city of london is n't a tax haven , it has no special tax laws . 
  there 's something more dangerous than bikes in amsterdam ... trams . 
  implying nato did n't act as foreign mercenaries too . 
  that comparison is misleading , japan is banned from having `` aircraft '' carriers , they only have helicopter carriers . 
  they already took notes and started implementing them in the 80 's , hence boom . 
  although brazil is fucking up . 
  looking at the figures posted above most jobs the conservatives have made are full time salaried jobs ( over 90 % ) , only a tiny percentage of people are going self employed or onto zero hours contracts . 
  it 's almost as if free markets and bottom up common law are the best recipe for economic growth and delivering a high quality of life to citizens . 
  when you 're at the bottom the only way is up . 
  they better blitz to somewhere colder like moscow .
