ahh then i 'm surely trying samples first , hopefully it does n't make my skin feel dry as well . 
  thank you !!, 
  wow that sounds amazing !, 
  usd 19.98 for the honey one , snail and aqua one ( yes they added the aqua one too ) are both usd 20.98 . , 
  i use like 3 sprays . 
  i do n't spray it directly on the face but i also do n't like using a cotton pad as i feel it absorbs too much of the product . 
  i spray it in the palm of my hand and then apply . 
  hope ths helps !, 
  i 'm pretty clueless myself so i have no advice sorry , but i was wondering ; how you like that cleansing foam ? 
  i 've read super mixed reviews !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm not so particular about smells so i might try it out, 
  thank you so much for this !, 
  i 'll be sure to give that a try , hopefully it really wo n't make much of a difference . 
  and wiping my actives off with a hydrating product is genius , i never even thought of that . 
  2 birds with one stone indeed !, 
  yeah i expect so too , i asked anyway just in case . 
  i 'll be sure to patch test from now on , thank you !, 
  forgive me if this is a dumb question , i 'm a complete newbie but - which of the ingredients are silicones ? 
  oh thank you , 
  i 'd like to know your opinion on the secret key essence as well !, 
  oh wow i never even thought of that , that would make a lot of sense . 
  thank you , yes i 'll be more careful from now on sigh . 
  thank you !, 
  amazing ingredient list : o, 
  you could also check [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/asianbeauty/comments/3g7x9d/the_late_summer_2015_holy_grail_and_honorable/ ) out if you have n't already , to see what products others like and use . 
  it helped me a lot , 
  edit : also [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/asianbeauty/comments/3633rd/may_2015_post_your_routine_mega_thread/ ) !, 
  has anyone tried sceret key 's starting treatment essence rose edition ? 
  any thoughts ? 
  the ingredient list looks so much better than the `` regular '' edition - * galactomyces ferment filtrate , dipropylene glycol , niacinamide , glycerin , citrus grandis seed extract , acorus gramineus root/stem extract , perilla ocymoides leaf extract , rosa centifolia flower water , adenosine . 
  * i 'm tempted !, 
  edit : spelling, 
  ah yeah frosted glass seems to be a staple with first essences for some reason lol . 
  i think bnk has it though , so all good . 
  that sounds really good , except for the eye thing ( ouch ) but oh well . 
  how long did it take you to finish the bottle ? 
  thanks !, 
  i think i 'll just bite the bullet and buy it finally , 
  i 'd seriously buy those mamonde masks just for the packaging . 
  pretty sure they always give out samples if you order directly from their site . 
  they usually do n't include any if you order through their ebay site but i tried requesting for some the other day and we 'll see , 
  i think both are meant to be ph adjusting toners so you can choose either . 
  the freshner ( dat spelling ) does contain alcohol though , while the cosrx one does n't , so if you 're sensitive to that go with cosrx . 
  mine is [ this one ] ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/the-face-shop-rice-water-bright-o2-cleansing-foam-120ml-/351367500306 ) !, 
  ph balanced , so it does n't stip my skin . 
  i have oily , acne prone skin and have had no problems with it . 
  you apply it on your face and then wait like half a minute for it to bubble up and then massage your face . 
  i like to do it with wet hands as i feel it makes it easier . 
  the foam is super creamy and rich . 
  the only downside is that it lasts like less than 2 months with twice daily use . 
  yeah you use a ph adjusting toner right after cleansing . 
  it prepares your skin for the actives . 
  then vit c and then acids just like you said , 
  i know rightttttt . 
  the only reason i 'm switching to a different cleanser , stressing about backups is just ugh . 
  still maybe if you see it on sale somewhere give it a go , it 's super fun to use too lol, 
  no stupid questions !!, 
  haha . 
  the cosrx aha/bha toner does n't have a high enough percentage of bha or aha for them to actually function , so you do n't need to worry about that . 
  it 's just a ph adjusting toner . 
  unless you meant some other toner ? 
  so if you already use an acid after your vit c you do n't have to change anything . 
  unless you do n't , in which case you should go slow . 
  some people use acids twice a day , some only a few times a week so you have to see what works best for you !, 
  and no , the toner lowers the ph immediately so you can apply the vit c straight away . 
  not too bad , thanks !, 
  which one ? 
  this might be a really silly question , but i read your review on this and -- how exactly do you measure the ph of a powder ( or foaming ) wash ? 
  do you mix it with water ? 
  if so , does the water 's ph affect it at all ? 
  thank you !, 
  that 's very helpful , 
  thanks !, 
  time to shop hehehe, 
  no problem !, 
  ** review request ** - has anyone with acne prone skin tried tosowoong 's propolis sparkle ampoule ? 
  how does it fare in terms of acne soothing ? 
  if you also tried cosrx 's a-sol , how do they compare ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  yeah i 've heard varying opinions : c thanks !, 
  good point !, 
  i might go with the ampoule then , thank you , 
  hmm yeah , i have given up on finding a `` miracle product '' a long time ago haha . 
  but the ampoule sounds nice !, 
  my routine could use another hydrating step anyway , thank you !, 
  oh man you have no idea how happy i am hearing this :d, 
  i 've heard some amazing things about this , might give it a try !, 
  thank you !, 
  yeah missha wo n't do on my broke student budget . 
  secret key 's rose edition has pretty awesome ingredients so i might try it  thank you !, 
  turns out i was using too much yeah . 
  i tried just a little yesterday and it was much better . 
  wow !, 
  that 's a crazy coincidence lol . 
  god yes , my skin basically just wants to be left alone after 2-4 products , i guess it is a good thing !, 
  thank you , 
  which aha would you recommend ? 
  i get tears in my eyes everytime i see someone post about their pocketderm , i wan na try it so bad !!!!, 
  let 's hope it finds its way to europe in the next 10 years or so ,
