  anyway you apply all of them on dry face and start massaging it around . 
  they all start balling up within seconds so you do n't need to rub it around like crazy . 
  nature republic and secret key are both equally gentle while missha is a bit more abrasive , because it 's not just a gel that pills up , it actually contains some tiny flour-like ( ? ), 
  particles that aid in exfoliation . 
  stay away if your skin is sensitive . 
  none of them irritated my skin though and they all left it baby soft . 
  i say for the price they 're worth a try !, 
  you can probably find them all for even cheaper on other sites like jolse or ebay . 
  i got the last one for less than 10 dollars i think . 
  ooo , have you tried any ? 
  edit : reread your comment , likely not lol . 
  really spiked my interest though !!, 
  always love a good bargain . 
  i bought a baby nivea sunscreen last year while waiting for the replacement of my usual sunscreen to arrive and boy am i not making the same mistake again . 
  my face has never been so oily . 
  now i make sure to stock up but i agree some local options would be better . 
  the one you use sounds like a great body sunscreen actually . 
  i 'd love to see more reviews as well !, 
  thank you !, 
  do you happen to know the ph ? 
  i just came across this today and bought it . 
  ca n't find the ph though . 
  that 's awesome , thank you !, 
  yes !, 
  seconding this . 
  according to the picture , the ph is 5.9 . 
  thanks for the review , sounds nice !, 
  why am i always too late, 
  you 're beautiful . 
  happy birthday . 
  keep pushing forward . 
  she 's gorgeous and i love her personality . 
  actually , sounds like pih to me that got worsened with sun exposure . 
  check the sidebar . 
  vitamin c , niacinamide , ahas , arbutin all help . 
  and of course sunscreen , to prevent this from happening again !, 
  i have a cleansing balm coming in soon and it 's super hot here . 
  i 'm worried it might melt during shipping ... has that happened to anyone ? 
  is it still good to use ? 
  are they really ? 
  how do you know ? 
  awesome !, 
  thanks, 
  i only saw they 're adding 2 new vitamin c products but i did n't know they were reformulating this one . 
  awesome news though . 
  thank you , that 's reassuring . 
  do you mean 2.50 ml ( 1/2 teaspoon ) ? 
  yeah that annoys me too . 
  try etude house sunprise airy finish !, 
  watery consistency and matte finish . 
  oh that 's too bad . 
  i loved it too but stopped using because it is n't waterproof . 
  i also never understood the point of putting citrus oils or extracts in a sunscreen ... the texture really is amazing though . 
  yeah , that makes sense !, 
  if hydration is what you 're looking for , go with the hadalabo lotion . 
  i 've never tried cerave pm so i ca n't compare but this is a toner ( they call in `` lotion '' in japan ) , not a cream . 
  it 's a bit viscous and sticky until it absorbs , but when it does it makes your skin really soft and hydrated , helps absorb moisture from all your additional steps as well . 
  thank you - someone had to finally say this . 
  do you mean your pores ? 
  settings  general  advanced editor as default, 
  i find it effective in removing my sunscreen and makeup fully . 
  i use garnier pink cap . 
  wtf is that caption ? 
  i was bracing myself for the worst but the relief made me smile a little too . 
  but the name on top still should n't be `` daddio '' . 
  i agree ... 
  i do n't understand this lifestyle either but he never deserved this . 
  it 's not a joke . 
  yeah , our standards are pretty low at this point . 
  cleansers are n't meant to be left on your face and do n't need a wait time . 
  it 's like washing your hands . 
  seems like schizophrenia . 
  wow :(, 
  katie seems like such a sweetheart , poor thing . 
  oh man i 'm sorry to hear that , that sounds like a complicated situation . 
  do you know if she 's doing okay now ? 
  swanicoco fermentation snail repair emulsion . 
  it gets its scent from rose oil and make me feel so luxurious when i apply it . 
  well ... fuck . 
  fuck pws indeed . 
  that really sucks , for both of you . 
  they 're like watery serums . 
  something between a toner and a serum . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.testerkorea.com/category/essence ) are some examples . 
  i 'm not seing any ccs in the pic ? 
  if you 're talking about sebaceous filaments on your nose , bhas and oil cleansing can help with that , one of which you 're already using . 
  ultimately they 're a normal part of skin and you ca n't get rid of them , only minimize their appearance . 
  and your already look very minimized so you really do n't have to worry as much as you do . 
  your skin looks good . 
  what is your skin type ? 
  what a cutie !!, 
  i have a teddy too . 
  nina and her daughter , ruby . 
  by their [ front paws ] ( http://i.imgur.com/apzexlq.jpg ) , thank goodness ... 
  aw , they look like they 're loving it, 
  yes , it works very well for me . 
  just as it should !, 
  my pigmentation has n't gotten worse even now during summer . 
  i do try to stay indoors during the strongest sunshine as well though . 
  overall it 's my favorite sunscreen .
