  i tried applying less and it was much better . 
  makes me feel kinda silly now , lol . 
  sigh, 
  yes !!!, 
  i read about so many amazing products that i wan na try but my skin just does n't want that much stuff in a single routine :( i guess it is a good thing though , thanks for helping me see this from another perspective , 
  it 's so big omg , even if i did use a full spatula ( shivers ) i doubt i 'd be able to use it up in a year . 
  not that i 'm complaining . 
  i have to use much fewer products in the morning if i 'm in a rush as well , my skin needs like 5 min between products ideally . 
  i tried using a tiny amout of the aio yesterday and it worked way better , i feel like i should 've thought of that on my own lol . 
  aw that sucks :( i hope it works better for you during winter , super oily skin sucks !, 
  my skin lovessss gels  and that 's an awesome idea , i have to try it !, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm so sorry for the late reply , i 've had a busy week and had to take the time to read this properly !, 
  amazing of you to take the time for this !, 
  makeup artist 's choice sounds the best to me . 
  i 'll try and see if i can find it or any of the other 2 in europe , if not i 'll have to go with either cosrx or mizon . 
  why would you choose mizon ? 
  thank you so much !, 
  you totally just sold it to me haha , fingers crossed !, 
  ohh yeah that 's great advice thank you !, 
  wow thank you !, 
  i had it all wrong then . 
  i have n't but i 've heard it mentioned before , i 'll check it out !, 
  thank you !, 
  those look about right !, 
  thank you , 
  i have n't heard of it but i love peripera so i 'll definitely check it out , thank you !, 
  will do !, 
  i 've been eyeing that klairs bb cream too , thanks for the recommendations !, 
  i hate the smell of this !, 
  my skin loves it but i wish it smelled better haha , maybe i 'm the only one . 
  thank you !, 
  * - * do n't pick me if you are n't willing to ship to the eu , though . 
  hehe : /, 
  i just ordered the [ free kit ] ( http://hkcplaza.com/redeem-histolab-ampoule ) , it seemed to go through !, 
  wonder if any of this is legit , haha . 
  nothing to lose anyway !, 
  it seems too good to be true , but you never know . 
  fingers crossed !, 
  it 's snp on-off soothing pack , 
  one of these is not like the others . 
  yes !, 
  i need a win !, 
  ohhhh i 'd love to know what you think about the eh essence !, 
  keep us updated !!, 
  thank you !, 
  your toner recipe sounds amazing , i might just give it a try , 
  i need to get my hands on some , i 've never heard that before !, 
  has melano cc done anything for your active acne as well ? 
  gosh looks like i will seriously need to get my love of cheese under control once and for all . 
  thank you , very helpful !, 
  you 're the second person to recommend spearmint tea , i 'll give it a go !, 
  do you get that via curology ? 
  have you tried the cosrx bha as well ? 
  can you compare ? 
  ahhh !, 
  * cries in european * but yes , i really should pay more attention to patch testing and just tracing all the changes in my skin instead of being so impatient !, 
  i 'm definitely considering that but treating it more as a last resort - still trying to pinpoint a routine that my skin responds well to , just like you said . 
  i might be just wasting my time but in the end , the dermatologist will still be here if noting works out . 
  ahhh wish me luck !, 
  what does your routing look like now ? 
  i think most of the products i use contain it . 
  hopefully my skin is n't sensitive as well , but i 'm curious !, 
  what oil do you use for cleansing ? 
  do you take the primrose pills once or twice a day ? 
  lots of cheaters in this thread !, 
  haha . 
  how often do you use the cosrx bha ? 
  what product was that ? 
  i live in the eu and have only ever heard of azelaic acid in connection with curology , and over all have never paid much attention to it but i 'm curious now !, 
  thank you !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  yes !!!, 
  i 'm really bad at it but i agree , it 's definitely worth being patient about these things . 
  especially if you throw some hormonal acne in the mix to really confuse you . 
  i 'm still hoping curology comes here one day hehe . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen anyone who did n't love it !, 
  i have never heard of rainshadow labs but that name makes me want to have everythinggggg haha . 
  all good , i ' l do the digging myself , thanks for the guidelines !, 
  i 've been eyeing that , thanks !, 
  me too !, 
  oh , do you feel like it sinks in easily ? 
  i 've heard some people say it 's kinda oily . 
  noted , thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !!, 
  very helpful :d, 
  ha , that was clever , 
  yay !, 
  do you feel like it helps your additional steps absorb better by any chance ? 
  that 's great !, 
  wish i had a sister like you , haha, 
  :d sounds really good !, 
  i 'm so happy with the amount of positive feedback about it , fingers crossed !, 
  i 'm sold !, 
  thank you !, 
  i knowwww , i got it for $ 18 ; _ ;, 
  yay you 're right !, 
  even if you count the shipping !, 
  butting in here , if you 're using the rice water cleansing foam then it does indeed have a high ph , however if it 's the rice water `` o2 '' foam the ph is actually around 5,5 ; double check just in case !,
