  eta : i 'm using yaz , not yasmin . 
  iirc they 're very similar but i think it 's worth noting . 
  oh then definitely just use it in the evening !, 
  do you know the ph ? 
  if a cleanser has a high ph level it can dry your skin out . 
  goodbye, 
  that sounds like a good ph !, 
  you might still want to experiment with other cleansers if you think this one is drying though ; if you do , [ here ] ( http://bit.ly/1r5pdpe ) are some recommendations !, 
  eta : just realized your cleanser is on the list as well , lol . 
  that probably means the ph is fine !, 
  yaz was the only thing that helped my skin as well . 
  fingers crossed for you !, 
  if it 's rosacea , i 'm seconding azelaic acid !, 
  i do n't have it but i 've heard people have good results with it . 
  it tends to help both acne and rosacea . 
  also congrats !!, 
  i love this !, 
  i love this !, 
  thank you !!, 
  wow the colors are on point !, 
  thank you stranger !, 
  goodbye, 
  seriously ; one of the most underrated authors of the era . 
  i love his work !, 
  so green !, 
  til, 
  i always wonder about this when i see someone sheetmasking outside !, 
  does anyone have an answer ? 
  they 're usually semi-transparent though so it definitely would n't block the sun as well as maybe a black mask , though imagine wearing that in public ... but i agree , that 's probably the reasoning behind it !, 
  better than nothing in any case . 
  goodbye, 
  happy birthday sweetie !, 
  grape is an awesome name . 
  aw that 's adorable !, 
  boost is awesome . 
  man that 's one beautiful dog, 
  there is no yellow undertone in the lightest range at all :( i do n't understand why some shades only have some undertones . 
  maybe they 're the most common ? 
  either way it sucks . 
  handsome and doing something with your life ... what more could a girl want . 
  tough choice , i 'd still go with you though . 
  lol, 
  girl you are beautiful and seem really kind and no asshole will ever change that . 
  he 's so sweet . 
  thank you !, 
  likewise  things will get better !, 
  you 're a good looking guy , definitely not ugly . 
  i think you need to step out of your comfort zone . 
  easier said than done , trust me i know . 
  but if you do n't like the direction you 're heading in it 's time to step on a different path and try to change your outlook . 
  you 'd be surprised how far positivity can get you !, 
  you have a lot going for you and people around you can see it ; try to see it yourself as well !, 
  good luck !, 
  there 's always room !, 
  i 'm working on that as well . 
  and thank you !, 
  that 's really kind of you . 
  i ca n't draw either lol, 
   slovenia , between the sea and the capital city, 
  are you me ? 
  / r/restofthefuckingowl right . 
  it 's frustrating when the image in your head refuses to be translated onto paper . 
  yeah that 's a good theory . 
  wonder if there 's a way to fix that . 
  i 'm far from an expert though, 
  by [ jacob a. riis ] ( https://css.cul.columbia.edu/catalog/rbml_css_0147 ), 
  always cool to see your tiny country mentioned unexpectedly . 
  it does look like melasma , so neither . 
  lol yeah this country changed hands so many times . 
  what 's colorado like ? 
  not necessarily , some cases of melasma can be super persistent . 
  how long have you used it for ? 
  do you wear sunscreen ? 
  oh man that sucks then . 
  i have it too so i can relate . 
  maybe triluma is too harsh ? 
  i read irritation can worsen melasma so maybe it 's cancelling out ? 
  aka the [ italian version ] ( https://youtu.be/_dntfod-cbo ), 
  the new innisfree [ color clay masks ] ( http://www.innisfree.com/kr/ko/mproductview.do?prdseq=14742 ) !, 
  there are 7 types - brightening , hydrating , vitalizing , cica , calming , purifying and refining . 
  i love the original so ca n't wait to try these . 
  it 's my weakness too lol , that 's the first one i 'm getting !, 
  well , we do actually have a tiny bit of sea but i can see why the alpine part of the country would be more popular . 
  especially with croatia just the south of us and italy to the west , both with endless shore lol . 
  i actually like cold !, 
  so i was thinking , colorado sounds perfect to me . 
  i 'm slovenian so thank you !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 've been eyeing them in the store the other day . 
  i love the new packaging too . 
  awesome name !, 
  does that sunscreen keep your melasma from getting worse ? 
  thank you !, 
  i too use this sunscreen and i love everything about it , but someone once told me they sunburn easily while wearing it . 
  i do n't notice any worsening of pigmentation with it but have always been a bit paranoid since then , so thanks for reassuring me !, 
  awesome reviews btw . 
  [ like this ? 
  settings  comments  reverse click actions, 
  looks more mexican to me ... or filipino, 
  wagging his tail , too .
