he probably meant accommodation and stuff and yes booking a package holiday at hotels are more expensive for us turks than foreigners . 
  so i agree with him i could not care less for those scums . 
  you should have learnt it by now when it comes to turks every thing we have done is genocidal . 
  some idiot even came up with a term of `` central european genocide . 
  '' , people are seriously dumb here . 
   both ways have been tested and proved to be rather efficient . 
  someone is talking about being uneducated ? 
  armchair generals and politicians are not known as being smart fyi . 
  in stead of my mocking , you retards are serious about your ignorant invading , nuking , taking over bullshit . 
  unbelievable how arrogant yet stupid you people are . 
  just because truth hurts does n't mean denying it is going to help you . 
   because majority support him  their leader barcelona quality shit post . 
  how do you nuke turkey from france ? 
  with your white flags ? 
  : dddd someone plays rush b a lot . 
  fair enough , just like average pole and russian is same to us . 
  great , now cancel the refugee deal you freaking akp clowns . 
  what trolling are you talking about ? 
  jesus , look at those arrogant thicks who think that their food is absolute best and it is the truth . 
  it was more like pff and mehh moment . 
  who the hell are trying to convince you ? 
  eat whatever you want . 
  especially than italian . 
  still better than dutch food . 
  latvian , please !, 
  maybe decent and real kebap is tastier than most of the european cuisine ? 
  and maybe because you dutch do not have any decent food . 
  so i will cite you every war , rebellion supression , massacre , raid with over 90k loss and it is automatically genocide ? 
  also source your history books with 90k and educate us . 
  how the fuck you can commit a genocide in fucking one town ? 
  you guys going full retard by throwing genocide to everything . 
  plain ridiculous . 
  i am aware . 
  still turkish . 
  i am quite sure , you meant that including balkans all those were turkish . 
  only georgian is original rest is all turkish . 
  being part of a bit of everything precisely makes the cuisine unique actually . 
  favorite : turkish ( yea yea not european we know , does not matter there is not any other contender . ), 
  least : northern european . 
  what is so special about it ? 
  fuck you too . 
  why would i ask further questions when your initial answer is bullshit ? 
  lol hillarious . 
  and you oppose recognition of armenian genocide i suppose ? 
  something something called ottoman empire ? 
  i am a moron . 
  thanks . 
  found the the_clown lover . 
  as i expected : more bullshitting . 
  so is it officially recognized as genocide or massacres and compensated as reparations ? 
  i knew that it was not and when i checked the wiki it was the same . 
  if that is the case i apologize for my ignorance regarding the issue . 
  also this by germans themselves . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/porajmos#recognition_and_remembrance edit : see the replies . 
  oh now central europe genocide is a thing ? 
  i wonder who will come up with an antarctica genocide committed by turks ? 
  when it comes to your continent , you are pathetic with your projections and denials . 
  awww , you show that you are a true turk , hospitable indeed . 
  thanks fellow countryman . 
  : ddd edit : see the bottom reply , someone posted your flag . 
  go rant about armenian , cypriot , georgian , etc photos now , kurwa . 
  this thread is old . 
  and why the fuck you discuss geography when you claim poland is central europe ? 
  lmao . 
  : ddd, 
  except there are millions of social media entries about your `` call to action '' in turkey . 
  god forbid if turkey arrests them all , then you will preach `` evil turks oppresses minorities . '', 
  i mean is there anyone who is not a fucking hypocrite here when it comes to turkey issues ? 
  so that means that it does not belong to the modern day greeks , since because you are just converted christian turks . 
  : ddddd, 
   actually yes . 
  kurds are the most well-integrated group of any of the middle-eastern countries , tell me more please , any source to back it up ? 
  i feel like that is solely because of one german ( ! ), 
  user who is lurking couple of subreddits and spamming the same words , same links , same claims , same lies over and over and over again for months already . 
  his spams became meme . 
  he keeps doing it . 
  deleting and re-posting the same comments when he get replies which he does not like . 
  lol i mean genuinely lol . 
   support for the progressive rojava project is `` pushing for pkk news '' in your eyes ? 
  well , i definitely am a dedicated supporter of what is happening in rojava , it is a historic leap forward for the entire middle east . 
  however , you might wish to reality-check your definition of `` pkk '' . 
  did you originally reply to this msg ? 
  wait , on which server do we play dirty bomb in baltics ? 
  unlike you hypocritical westerners i can distinguish terrorist kurds and innocent kurdish civilians . 
  read again what i wrote and check your german friend 's post history . 
  he is straight up troll , terrorist apologist , propagandist , agenda pusher ; openly admitted that his life goal is making turkey miserable ( lol ) oh and a liar . 
  that is the problem . 
  good that you have included polyethnic to your vocabulary . 
  and as always like the other terms that you are using to whitewash the terrorist kurds , it is bullshit . 
  are we speaking estonian now ? 
  oh beating around the bush and acting dumb as always . 
  how typical . 
  turks . 
  and you are a genius , my friend . 
  serbia please do not interfere to empires ' businesses , keep farming . 
  what are you trying to imply ? 
  well , good luck . 
  only one neighborhood of istanbul can take serbia back . 
  but it would not be a problem to a diaspora keyboard nationalist like you are . 
  no he meant bombing of iraq by us which slovakia helped .
