  it should cost nothing . 
  the bandwidth used by a text mnessage is miniscule so any charge is pure ripoff . 
  if it is n't , it ought to be . 
  there are 27 countries in the eu , and they all want slightly different things out of it . 
  making it flexible means they 'll all get more of what they want -- including france . 
   we 're waiting . 
  ok , how about amazon 's one click patent . 
   i 'm honestly having trouble understanding how someone could think it a good idea to use a case from 1930 to support their claim about a future policy . 
  the point i was making was that the patent system has been broken for a long time . 
   that only shows that the british patent office should not have granted that patent . 
  ... and therefore that the patent system is fucked up ( or at least was in britain in the 1930s ) . 
  do you seriously think i ca n't cite more recent and outrageous examples ? 
   the legal requirement stating that a `` man of the art '' should be able to build the stuff by reading the patent is quite universal . 
  and seems to be universally ignored . 
   again : an example of a misapplicated law from 80 years ago tells nothing about whether the unifying of patent zones is a good thing or not . 
  of course not , because that was n't the point i was making . 
   rubbish , the whole point of a patent is to make the information about innovation circulate and to develop innovation that was the intention when patents were invented , yes . 
  kindly explain to me how preventing innovation ( e.g. 
  in high pressure steam engines ) increases innovation . 
   bribery of someone who has access to the plans would be no doubt relatively straight forward . 
  i doubt it . 
  the whole plans are no doubt contained in several gigabytes of data spread around airbus , its subsiduaries and suppliers . 
  and not only that , a lot of the knowledge of how to make an a380 is no doubt tacit knowledge that exists only in the heads of the people building it . 
   so you 're citing one example as evidence for a massive claim ? 
  tell you what , if you stump up the money for me to do so , i 'll write a whole book on it . 
  but ok , here 's another example of how patents are fucked up . 
  the idea of a patent is to teach people how to do/make an innovation . 
  let 's consider frank whittle , who wrote is patent appliation for the jet engine in 1930 . 
  he did n't actually build a working jet engine until 1937 ; it took sevel years of hard engineering to geti t to work . 
  my point is that whittle 's patent could n't teach anyone how to make a jet engine ( except in very general terms that all competent engineers knew anyway ) because when he wrote it * he did n't know himself * . 
  this illustrates another way patents are broken . 
   the a380 has the entertainingly oft-quoted `` more than 380 patents '' even if there were no patents , copying it would cost billions and take years . 
   patents are not copyrights , they are a necessary part of society . 
  without them , a great deal of things will not happen . 
  rubbish . 
  patents have retarded progress , not accelerated it , for centuries . 
  example : james watt 's patents on the steam engine allowed him to prevent the developemnt of high-pressure steam engines , which slowed down the industrial revolution . 
   a high quality collection of important classic and contemporary films for film aficionados [ the pirate bay ] ( http://thepiratebay.se/ ) ( [ pirate party uk ] ( http://tpb.pirateparty.org.uk/ ) proxy ) will have most of them . 
  and there 's no region coding . 
  why the movie industry chooses to make their paid-for products * worse * than pirated ones is beyond me . 
  stop invading other people 's counties then , arsehole . 
   tactical voting to any election system that requires tactical voting for the voter to make their voice heard is a flawed one . 
   suppress the will of a large segment of a population is not a good thing . 
  ... having said that , voters can vote any way they like and in a democracy sometimes a large segment of the population does n't get what they want , because a large section does n't agree with them . 
  therefore they should ban themselves . 
   the first thing that should go is article 5 article 5 is literally the whole point of nato . 
  if it goes , nato goes . 
  unlikely . 
  everyone knows the long-term threat is china , which will surpass the us economy some time towards the end of the next decade . 
  if the west is n't able to unite , we will all be defeated in detail . 
   this is about power and influence nothing else . 
  indeed . 
  the uk is going to be left with no power or influence . 
  it has `` taken back sovereignty '' only to let the chinese build and run its power stations . 
  indeed . 
  `` we 're leaving your organisation , but for as long as we 're a member we 're going to fuck you about as much as we can . '', 
  looking on the bright side , this will only make the eu-27 more determined to do it , if anything . 
  who is the chicken at bottom right supposed to be ? 
  the same thing happened in the scottish independence referendum in 2014 . 
   i do n't think statistics support the idea that europe has become less peaceful and more violent today than it was 100 years ago . 
  i 'm sure you 're right . 
  100 years ago europeans were fighting history 's 3rd bloodiest war . 
   as long as it 's more constructive than rather broader definition of bad migrant = muslim and good migrant = non muslim or something of the sort i agree -- i would very much hope that people be more nuanced about it than that . 
  do you not think there can be good migrants and bad migrants ? 
   there 's priority zones what does that mean ? 
  it sounds like a euphemism . 
  how the fuck could anyone trust russia ? 
  yes , well , germans are more civilised than some peoples . 
  yes , it is . 
   white people are literally the most dangerous thing on the planet . 
  or rather they were in the past -- they genocided entire continents . 
   how these morons fail to grasp that western civilisation has elevated them much more than it has oppressed them , i do n't know . 
  because they believe what makes them feel good , not what 's true . 
   most minorities do realise this , of course , but we have these idiots shouting the loudest and claiming to speak for entire groups . 
  indeed . 
   edit : some replies take me to task for saying ` western civilisation has elevated them much more than it has oppressed them ' . 
  some people are full of shit . 
   afrofeminist   white hegemonic capitalist system the irony of this is that while the group 's rhetoric is that nasty horrible white people are oppressing them , the truth is the exact opposite -- that countries run by white people have a better record than other countries on feminism and anti-discrimination . 
  as these people tacitly know , given that they choose to live in a country run by white people . 
  if white people were as nasty as it made out , non-whites would be leaving in droves . 
  instead , large numbers are literally risking their lives to cross the med to get to euriope . 
   then why not just use spanish spanish has more irregularities than interlingua , making it harder to learn . 
  and if we 're choosing a natural language to be an international auxiliary language , the world has already chosen english . 
   great design i 'm not a fan of esperanto . 
  other conlangs such as [ interlingua ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interlingua ) are better imo . 
  interlingua es communication sin frontieras . 
  most people familiar with a romance langauge can read that without much difficulty . 
   it needs to have a force behind it for it to be adopted absolutely , like being taught in all the schools . 
  romania joined the eu in 2007 . 
  let 's look at the previous uk election , to see how democratic the uk was at that time . 
  in [ 2005 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2005 ) , labour got 35 % of the vote , on which they got 55 % of the seats and 100 % of the power . 
  so 35 % of the voters got 100 % of the power , and the other 65 % of the voters got 0 % of the power . 
  this is not democracy . 
   ~ ~ it 's almost like ~ ~ you have an oligarchy with a democratic cover . 
  ftfy same as the uk . 
  i do n't understand . 
  are you saying i 'm wrong because someone does n't agree with me ? 
  if not , what are you saying ? 
  romania is at least as democratic as other countries that were already in the eu , such as britain . 
  in the uk , parties/candidates have to payt # 500 per constiturency they stand in .
