  there are 650 constituencies , so to stand in them all costs 500 * 650 = # 325,000 which is about $ 400,000 . 
  in both cases , it 's a deliberate attempt to keep small parties out . 
   why should germany or other richer and developer euro countries transfer huge funds to less rich and less developed euro countries ? 
  the argument is that they should because they all use the same currency , because currency unions work better when there are transfers between richer and poorer parts of the union . 
  if germany did n't have the same currency as greece , spain , etc , this would not be an issue . 
   to keep food prices stable and low . 
  then why not just tax less , and let consumers keep their money so they can afford food . 
  why do farms need subsidies at all ? 
  then the way to deal with that is to factor it into the price people pay for electrcity . 
  then they should n't bail out the banks ( no-one should ) . 
   start by removing any tace of catholicism not only from goverments sounds good to me  but also from our own laws which laws do you have in mind  half of eu countries even have a state church !, 
  indeed . 
  they should n't . 
   heck , we 'd have to kick out the proposal is not to kick people out , it is to not let them in in the first place . 
   a number of ethnic europeans if those criteria were all enforced . 
  if they were immigrants to a european country , i 'd have no problem with the rules being imposed on them , same as everyone else . 
  if someone is bormn in a country and lived all their life there , then there are strong moral and practical reasons why they ca n't be deported . 
  but european countries should make efforts , particularly in schools , to make sure children of immigrants grow up with the right values . 
   it 's the lack of acceptance/respect for `` western '' values that should be kicked out . 
  in other words . 
  womens rights , separation of state and religion/cult . 
  that 's the sort of thing i had in mind . 
  immigrants to europe should be required to sign a declaration saying they agree with : * democracy * a person 's religion is purely a private matter , and does not mean they are excused from the duty of obeying the same laws as everyone else * no discrimination against people on grounds of sex , race , sexual orientation etc incidentally , it is not just ( some ) muslims who 're the problem here . 
  no it is n't . 
  if people do n't like european values , why do they want to live in europe in the first place ? 
  there are plenty of non-europeans who 're not savages . 
  the problem is n't immigration per se , it is immigration by people who do n't want to adhere to european cultural values . 
  is n't that like saying taiwan belongs to the prc ? 
   honestly , the simplest , and also the most complicated , solution to illegal immigration is to improve the conditions of the immigrants home country . 
  when the home country is a dictatorship , as many countries are , that is very hard to do as it often involves destroying local power structures ( which do n't want to be destroyed ) . 
   but do the people who lost the geographic lottery and ended up being born there really deserve to live their entire lives in an impoverished country ? 
  of course not . 
  but is it practical for the eu to let in anyone who wants to come ? 
  of course not . 
   the focus these elections is with the economy clearly it 's important to talk about the issues that voters care about . 
  what economic policies did pp-nl have ? 
  it looks like the pirate party wo n't get in , which would be disappointing . 
  why does it say the pirates will get no votes ? 
  is it because the polls do n't ask about them ? 
   here on reddit , especially in places like r/worldnews , i get the american perspective about palestine and israel . 
  you get the american redditor perspective . 
  i have n't seen the qi episode , and would like a link . 
  what about something that is both , e.g. 
  if you call someone an idiot ? 
  free speech is more important than the right to prevent others saying things you do n't like . 
   our constitution starts with : human dignity is untouchable . 
  period . 
  germany has affronted that man 's dignity by denying him freedom of speech . 
   i wish we had proportional fines in the uk . 
  we used to , in the early 1990s . 
  calling someone an arsehole should n't be illegal . 
  lying to a court should . 
  israel is a nation . 
  jews are a religion , and to some extent a loyalty-group ( i dislike the word ethnicity so i 'm using that one instead ) . 
  if it 's ok to discriminate against someone because they 're non-jewish , it 's also ok to discriminate against someone because they 're jewish . 
  of course , neither is ok . 
  rick falkvinge , or whoever the pirate candidate was . 
  you beat me to it !, 
  is a fiat currency one backed by italian cars ? 
   i see the commission as a functional ` sort-of ' executive branch of the eu continue to have an executive branch . 
  have the members of it chosen by parliament . 
   van rompuy is the president of the council , but barosso is more of the figurehead for the eu since he represents the people neither of them were chosen by the people , so neither of them represent the people . 
  their jobs should be merged into a presidency of the eu , which should be elected . 
  while we 're at it , abolish the commission and give its powers to the elected parliament . 
  anyone successful would just have their company confiscated by the kleptocrats running russia . 
  spiked takes a boring , tiresomely contrarian viewpoint on every issue . 
  i suggest we all ignore it . 
   and they have to just get lucky once and get one through , while the people have to be lucky every time and defeat every one . 
  that 's where the pirate party comes in . 
  we only have to win in a small way -- to get enough votes to make the others realise that copyright maximalism is a vote loser -- to prevent things getting worse . 
  and we only need to win big once -- getting into government -- to reverse those laws . 
  and once they 're reversed , they will likely stay reversed , because once people taste freedom , they do n't want to give it up . 
   net neutrality defined how ? 
  it 's a bit vague . 
  the document does n't mention secession . 
  it should either have specifically said that staes can secede ( and given a process for doing that ) , or that they ca n't . 
  i had heard about it , as is often true when headlines say i have n't . 
  that would work . 
  they 'll be saying the same about london in 8 years time . 
  it would make more sense for the olympics to be held in the same location every four years . 
  or cut back financially . 
  or even scrapped . 
  how likely is it the dutch pirates will win a seat ? 
   the problem , in my opinion , is that they are not yet mature as a movement . 
  yes , because we have only existed for 6 years . 
  they promised a [ referendum ] ( http://www.labour-party.org.uk/manifestos/1997/1997-labour-manifesto.shtml ) :  we are committed to a referendum on the voting system for the house of commons . 
  an independent commission on voting systems will be appointed early to recommend a proportional alternative to the first-past-the-post system . 
  labour reneged on their promise . 
  you ca n't trust labour , any more than you can the tories or lib dems . 
   we wanted pr . 
  new labour promised us pr 13 years ago , then realised they might lose their majority if they followed through , and so reneged on the promise . 
  the conservatives have never wanted it . 
  you 're right . 
  both big parties hate pr because they would lose their monopoly on power . 
  if we had pr , labour and the tories would between them struggle to get half the vote ( at the last nationwide pr election , in 2009 , they got 43 % together ) . 
  the big parties know the voters increasingly hate both of them , but want to keep fptp in order to stop the voters from expressing that preference . 
  you 're right . 
  stv , like av , also gives people `` the ability for people to vote first for they party they wanted , and then for the party that was acceptable '' . 
  that 's why i favour it . 
  i for one welcome our new piratical overlords .
