  consider the uk . 
  according to the chart there 's no threshold . 
  however , the largest region elects 10 people which means the d'hondt quota is 1/11th of the electorate , or about 9 % . 
  if you get that you 're certain to be elected and in practice a candidate would probably get elected on about 7 % of the vote . 
  so there 's an impled quota due to the size of the electoral regions . 
  or consider latvia which as a threshold of 5 % . 
  but there could be 19 candidates who each get more than 5 % , and latvia only elects 8 people , so some of them would n't be elected . 
  the d'hondt quota for latvia is 1/9 which is 11 % , a more realistic figure than 5 % . 
  the electoral thresholds shown are wrong , in that they are theoretical ones rather than practical ones . 
  you are an argie cunt . 
  better would be a comma . 
  if you think `` if you think this is racist . 
  you are racist . '', 
  is correct english , you are illiterate . 
   according to you they have a right to claim it as an independent country since majority wins right ? 
  where on this thread have i said that ? 
  as to what would happen , well the uk is holding an independence referendum in scotland next year . 
  if the majority of londoners wanted the same , i imagine the same would happen . 
  so i see you are good at making non sequiturs . 
   the serbs are the earliest people who still exist that resided there . 
  only if you define ancient greeks and ancient illyrians ( ancestors of albanians ) as peoples no longer existing . 
   the albanians claim to kosovo is no more valid than that of ... loyalists to ulster quite right , send 'em back where they came from , scotland . 
  but hang on , did n't the scots originally come from ireland ? 
  yes they did , so in that case they should be deported to scotland and then immediately re-deported to ireland . 
  i do n't suppose you 're read colin mcevedy 's historical atlases ? 
  if you had you 'd be aware that movements of people have been widespread throughout europe ( and the world ) and so the idea that only the people whose ancestors thousands of years ago lived somewhere should be allowed to live there today is silly , unworkable , and in fact impossible . 
  original inhabitants meaning the neanderthals ? 
  cameron promised -- it 's in the coalition agreement -- not to snoop on people 's internet connections . 
  and not he 's been caught lying , he blames the messenger . 
  what a sack of shit . 
   non-european inmigrants lithuania is in europe . 
  did you not read the article ? 
  jealous of the nsa . 
  and how would a 5 % threshold have changed that ? 
  in the 1933 election , the spd , kpd , center and dnvp all got over 5 % . 
  they took over the country because [ they got 44 % of the vote ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_march_1933 ) . 
  the 5 % threshold would n't have prevented them . 
  one could argue that the threshold would have prevented the nazis from going from being a minor party to becoming a major party , but the greens have proved that the 5 % threshold does not in fact prevent that from happening . 
  the nazis won power because lots of people supported them . 
  they would have won regardless of the electoral system used . 
   if you do get 5 % of the vote in germany , you are comparably well represented , indeed . 
   whilst as you say , a majority party may well find that it is less well represented than you would guess from the votes . . 
  it is n't unfair or undemocratic though . 
  in the german system , a party getting  50 % of the votes will get  50 % of the seats . 
   so . . your definition of democracy is any perfect pr system ? 
  and only where the whole assembly is elected with a full national ballot ? 
  i assume you can see the problem with that in a federal system , or indeed any system where you might feel a geographic link is important ? 
  in any system where each delegate has the same weight of votes , then there is an inherent granularity in the system , since representation comes in quanta ( in german 's case , 1/598ths ) of the total . 
  in the german system if they want a hurdle , it would n't particularly bother me if they elected the bundestag by each land separately ; there are 16 laender so each would elect on average 37 delegates , giving an implied hurdle of 2.6 % which is a good deal less onerous than 5 % . 
  or they could go the norwegian route and have regional lists and then a national top-up as well . 
   i think its rather hard to argue that there should n't be a bar for parties to cross if they lack strong support in any one area and have fairly diffuse support nationally - it should mean that they work to consolidate support ( and there is funding for political parties in germany , so that makes it a little easier ) but this should n't be about ensuring that every party with 0.5 % gets a seat in a national parliament . . 0.5 % would be 220,000 votes . 
  if all these people lived close together , they would get represented because they 'd win a constituency seat . 
  but if they are spread out , why should they be denied representation because of that ? 
  part of the reason parliaments are elected by geographical area is administrative convenience , but part is because people who live in the same area can be presumed to have something in common . 
  so e.g. 
  people in berlin probably care more about the berlin s-bahn than people outside berlin do . 
  but people who all vote the same way have probably got more in common , in terms of their beliefs and values , than people who merely happen to live near each other . 
  if the german state said to a city of 220,000 votes ( ie . 
  400,000 people ) that they should get no representation , it would create a massive shitstorm , so should n't the same principle apply * a fortiori * to 220,000 people who vote the same way ? 
  the bundestag has 598 members ( actually more because of overhangs ) so should n't it try to represent 598 points of view ? 
  if the answer is `` no '' and the seats are handed out disproportionately to the big parties using a closed list , then is it electing people with an independent mind or merely sycophantic yes-men who suck up to the party leadership ? 
   no , your problem is that there are varying degrees and aims when you are talking about democracy , and that whilst people in a democracy have a say , and a right to be represented , their vote and so the level of representation of their views will depend whether it is in the majority or not , and if not , just how much of a minority it is . 
  i get that in a democracy there will be some people in the minority on some issues and to a certain extent they will just have to `` suck it up '' because you ca n't please everyone . 
  but the problem with the german system is not that it can be biased against minorities it can be biased against majorities as well . 
  consider if 51 % of the voters vote for lists that support some proposition p , but 12 % of p-voters vote for lists that fail the threshold , and no non-p voters vote for such lists . 
  then p-voters will only get 44 % of the assembly even though they were 51 % of the voters . 
   just because you have a problem with the 5 % bar here , does n't suddenly make it undemocratic for you to say whether a system is democratic or not means that you must have a definition of democracy . 
  what is it ? 
  ( the one i am using is that a body is democratic to the extent that , for any proposition p , the proportion of elected members who support p will be the same as the proportion of voters who voted for candidates/parties/lists that supported p )  the real question is how bit the disparity between votes and seats is , but that is n't really addressed by you at all is it ? 
  no , it is ** exactly ** what i am addressing : the fact that a party can get 4.9 % of the votes but 0 % of the seats . 
  arrow 's theorem is both ( 1 ) silly and ( 2 ) does not apply to this election . 
  it is silly because some of the criteria are silly . 
  one criteria is that the voting system must produce a full ordering of choices . 
  but why ? 
  either the election is to elect an individual ( one person ) or to choose one thing from a series of choices ( e.g. 
  to decide where an organisation holds its next meeting ) . 
  you do n't need to order the choices that did n't win because they are irrelevant . 
  another criterion is that there should n't be a swing voter . 
  this too is silly . 
  if there are two choices , a and b , and 10 voters support a , 10 support b and the last is undecided , then in any sensible system , the swing voter will decide the election . 
  more importantly , arrow 's theorem does n't apply to this election . 
  germany is n't just electing one person , it is electing 598 of them . 
  there are other criteria that can be used to measure how proportional a pr system is , such as the [ gallagher index ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallagher_index ) . 
  there 's no 5 % threshold in the netherlands . 
  is that country noticably less well governed than germany ? 
   unless you want to start disqualifying pretty much every county out there . 
  if almost every country fails to meet the criterion , then almost every country fails to be fully democratic . 
  in truth , it is n't a binary thing : so for example , the usa is more democratic than north korea and less democratic than germany . 
   parties get tax money based on the number of votes if they get at least 1 per cent . 
  that 's a good point . 
  how much do they get ? 
  clearly the uk and usa are n't democracies . 
  but is germany ? 
   fdp ( economic liberalism ) : 4.6 % / 4.6 % / 4.7 %   afd ( euroskepticism ) : 4.9 % / 4.9 % / 4.7 %   pirate party ( internet politics , privacy ) : 2.1 % assume that none of these parties meets the threshold . 
  assume also that other small parties get 3 % of the vote , as happened last time . 
  then you will have a situation where 12 % or so of the votes wo n't have counted for anything -- if all those voters had stayed at home , it would not have affected the result of the election . 
  can germany really be called a democracy when the system says to one voter in 8 , `` fuck off , your input is n't wanted '' ? 
  good . 
  the `` special relationship '' amounted to the us saying `` jump '' and the uk replying `` how high ? '', 
  yes,
