in the period from germany 's forming up the first world war , the balkans truly was a powderkeg . 
  true . 
  predicting war in the balkans then is like predicting war in the middle east now . 
  is it an absolute certainty that nato would fight if russia attacked one of its members ? 
  i think they probably would , but recent half-hearted behaviour on the part of the west when russia has misbehaved suggests to me that they might not . 
  is it deluded ? 
  i 'm sure russia would if they thought they could get away with it . 
   i hope you do n't take this as offence but your initial comment wanted ( ? ), 
  to imply a causation which i , so far , could not grab or verify from your other comments . 
  i do n't know what the causes are . 
  i was wondering if other people would care to speculate . 
  that 's it 's the top 14 suggests to me that it is more than mere chance . 
  that certainly is part of the explanation that lots of countries speak germanic languages , but it does n't explain why many of them are doing well . 
  i suspect it may have to do with the cultural factors sometimes characterised as `` protestant work ethic '' . 
   or if you are ignoring other the official languages you might as well say top 15 to include hong kong i would also have to ignore the fact that it is n't a country . 
  the top 14 countries all speak germanic languages . 
   i 'd love to see the numbers that justify your argument . 
  i do n't need to , because your next words acknowledge that my argument is true :  debt has increased despite austerity so we 're agreed : uk national debt has gone up . 
   because the uk are running very large budget deficits agreed . 
   those deficits need to be paid with debt no , they could be paid for by quantitative easing . 
  some people might say this would cause inflation . 
  probably not , because the # 375,000,000,000 of qe we 've had has n't caused inflation . 
  but if they did ? 
  it would shrink the value of the national debt , making it smaller ( in proportion to gdp , which is actually what matters ) . 
  the national debt has two functions : 1 . to smooth out the businness cycle 2 . to allow the nation to consume more than it produced ( as happened in ww1 and ww2 ) function 2 no longer applies , and function 1 can be done by alternating quantitative easing and quantitative tightening at different points in the business cycle . 
  so we do n't actuially need to have a national debt and in the lnog term i would abolish it . 
   because such increase in expenditures would of been paid with money fallen from the sky no , money magicked out of the governor of the bank of england 's arse , the same place the # 375bn came from . 
   putin clearly understands and respects only power . 
  exactly . 
  he needs to be spoken to in a language he understands . 
  indeed . 
  the leaders of france , germany and britain are contemptable spineless idiots who have n't got the balls to take a stand against russia , despite russia being much weaker than europe . 
  it is their stupidity and cowardliness that is emboldening putin . 
   what austerity measure takes on debt ?!, 
  the policies of the current uk government , under which the national debt has soared . 
  austerity reduces the amount of money people have , meaning they ca n't buy things , meaning things do n't get made , meaning we are all worse off ( except a small number of rich people at the top ) . 
   catalunya would take a part of the spanish debt based on population and gdp , but for the rest of spain it would be harder to pay the debt . 
  that 's the spanish government 's fault for their stupid and failed policies of austerity . 
  and the spanish people 's fault for electing them . 
  but they are n't doing that , they 're using an arm core . 
   marx also defines capital as money invested with interest when i get home i 'll look up the defnition piketty is using . 
   piketty is more or less a marxist no according to his book he is n't . 
   but obviously the continuous paying of interest rates requires are a continuous expansion of production otherwise how would it even work ? 
  which requires a continuous expansion of actual capital goods - better machinery etc. 
  an asset which yields wealth may do so ( by rent-seeking ) even if there is no actual expansion of things that actually create wealth . 
  for example a patent portfolio may create wealth for a patent troll , even though the patents do not themselves create any wealth ( i realise that in theory patents do create wealth , by teaching people how to make/do things , but in practise it does n't work like that ) . 
   capital is actually stuff to work with that 's one definition . 
  it 's not the one he uses in his book . 
   the threshold was removed has the threshold been removed altogether , or has it just been reduced ( i vaguely recall reading the figure of 2.5 % somewhere ) ? 
   behind a paywall for me . 
  here you go : why france insists on going ahead with selling warships to russia even before france signed a deal in 2011 to build two mistral-class assault ships for russia , the idea prompted widespread unease . 
  had russia possessed such warships in 2008 , boasted its naval chief , admiral vladimir vysotsky , it would have won its war against georgia in `` 40 minutes instead of 26 hours '' . 
  russia 's neighbours were accordingly troubled , but so were france 's closest allies . 
  in paris before the deal , robert gates , then america 's defence secretary , had what he called a `` thorough exchange of views '' with the french : code for a serious disagreement . 
  now , as the ukraine crisis lurches on , the mistral sale is creating fresh ructions . 
  at a meeting in washington with john kerry , america 's secretary of state , this week , laurent fabius , france 's foreign minister , found himself forced to defend it . 
  earlier this month , victoria nuland , mr kerry 's assistant secretary , said she had `` regularly and consistently expressed our concerns '' about the sale . 
  but mr fabius was having none of it . 
  france , he said on may 13th , would take firmness lessons from nobody : `` the rule with contracts is that contracts which have been signed are honoured . '' at a moment when europe and america are trying to co-ordinate sanctions against russia , the timing is nonetheless embarrassing . 
  the mighty mistral-class vessels , 199m long , are not gunships . 
  but their capacity to carry and land hundreds of soldiers and over a dozen armoured tanks and amphibious craft , as well as to transport some 16 helicopters , greatly enhances power projection . 
  the first of the two ships , named the vladivostok , will be ready for delivery to russia in october this year ; the second , more pointedly named the sevastopol , in mid-2015 . 
  next month 400 russian naval staff will arrive for training in saint-nazaire , the french atlantic port where the vessels are being built . 
  there are 400 jobs directly at stake at the saint-nazaire shipyard ( which also built the queen mary 2 cruise liner ) , and over 1,000 that depend on the contract . 
  the french state has a 33 % stake in stx france , the shipyard owner , and orders from the french navy help keep it in work . 
  at a time when unemployment is high , president fran\u00e7ois hollande can ill afford to put more jobs in peril . 
  and breach of the $ 1.2 billion ( $ 1.7 billion ) contract would entail a fat penalty payment to russia , which has already settled half the price . 
  hence france 's consistent refusal to contemplate anything other than completing construction as planned . 
  the contract , mr hollande repeated on may 10th , `` is not in doubt '' . 
  could this change ? 
  officials in paris suggest that the only circumstances in which france might reconsider delivery would be an agreement with its allies to move to deeper `` third-stage '' sanctions , in such sectors as energy , finance and defence . 
  but , say the french , this would have to include equally tough measures by , for instance , britain against russian assets in london . 
  `` there is an enormous amount of french ill-will towards the way the british are seen as having lived off the fat of russia 's oligarchs , '' says fran\u00e7ois heisbourg , of the foundation for strategic research . 
  `` the french will resist any idea that they take a unilateral hit . '' the french government will take a final decision in october , when the first vessel is ready for delivery , says jean-yves le drian , the defence minister . 
  america may disapprove , but there is little domestic pressure to cancel the order , despite the ukraine crisis . 
  mr hollande has not withdrawn his invitation to russia 's vladimir putin to come to the 70th anniversary commemoration of the normandy landings in june . 
  there is almost no public or parliamentary debate in france over the warship sales , and both the political left and right are keeping quiet about any reservations they might have . 
  mr hollande 's socialist government wants to avoid a fresh fiasco over jobs and industry . 
  and the centre-right opposition party is keenly aware that the original contract was won by its own leader and former french president , nicolas sarkozy . 
  where in that link does it say they would rather die than cut ties with moscow ? 
  oh , that 's right , nowhere . 
  now they only need north korea to criticise their human rights record . 
   oh , when did he annex georgia i never said he did . 
  he invaded georgia . 
   and exterminate all of the georgians ? 
  oh look , i 've build a straw man !, 
  come and see me knock it down . 
   he wo n't go further than crimea , no matter how excited you get . 
  when he invaded georgia a few years back , did you say he would n't invade ukraine ? 
  so in the 1930s would you have said : we ca n't afford to re-arm , we 'll just let hitler conquer wherever he likes ? 
  if putin gets away with this , he wo n't stop here . 
  where will he attack next ? 
  poland ? 
  georgia ? 
  lithuania ? 
  finland ? 
  -- putin wants to create a new russian empire and these are all countries that were ruled by russia a century ago . 
   banking is like 20 % of the british economy i do n't know if this figure is correct , but it is n't the relevant one . 
  the relevant one is that the banking industry supplies 70 % of donations to the tory party . 
  you 'd need a bloody big building to put them in .
