   the military of argentina is the exact same one we fought and won against in the 80 's . 
  that 's right . 
  they 've had little new equipment , and no new fast jets . 
  they wo n't start a war because they know they 'd lose . 
   the type 45 destroyer we 've got stationed at the falklands could lock on to the entire argentinian air force at once , and launch missiles at all of them no , because argentina has 177 aircraft and the destroyer only has 48 missiles . 
   a 2 party system is not the end of the world . 
  true , but one enforced by fptp is the end of democracy . 
    a 16 year old is n't a child anymore . 
    you ca n't be much older than 16 if you think that . 
  in scotland , 16 year olds can get married ( without their parents ' consent , unlike in england ) and can vote ( in the forthcoming referendum ; the scottish government would like to extend this to all elections ) . 
  i 'm fairly certain [ alex salmond ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alex_salmond ) is older than 16 . 
   i really do n't see the need for legislation here . 
  the need is : 1 . for claire perry to feel self important 2 . so the government can later extend it to other forms of content . 
  how should i know , i did n't compile them . 
  `` foreign citizens refer to persons who are not citizens of the country in which they reside '' = =  then they should use another term such as `` foreign non-citizen '' or `` non-citizen resident '' . 
  to be a citizen of x is to have the nationality of x. 
  a `` foreign citizen of x '' ought to mean someone who is a citizen of x and is also foreign in some sense ( e.g. 
  born elsewhere or also a citizen of another country ), 
  who will run the world in the 21st century ? 
  there are three realistic candidates -- the usa , china , and europe . 
  which one of these is most likely to act in the interests of europeans ? 
  some people say britain on its own would have influence in the world . 
  but britain 's gdp is 3.5 % of the world 's whereas the eu 's as 25 % . 
  25 is a much bigger number than 3.5 , and it 's pretty obvious that a united europe that can speak with one voice will have more say that britain on its own ever could . 
  cypriots are n't located in europe either . 
  `` is turkey a part of europe ? '', 
  there should be an answer `` bits of it are '', 
  `` i believe it is possible to predict someone 's behaviour based on their ethnicity '' does this mean predict , or accurately predict ? 
  i mean , i could predict that the world will end tomorrow . 
   the eu clearly wants britain out of the eu nonsense . 
  the eu is simply ensuring that members obey the rules , something that is necessary to uphold the rights of eu citizens in other eu countries . 
  just as they [ do ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-22714147 ) when it is british people whose rights are being denied . 
  can you please not link to pages inside a paywall , it 's very rude . 
  concubinage is a form of prostitution ; it is exchanging sex for money . 
   your argument is basically that `` whore '' is n't derogatory ? 
  whether or not it is derogatory , it is clearly an accurate description . 
   it 's really like the politicians realized how fucked up this idea is and how much resistance there was on the internet germans will have an opportunity to vote for the pirates later this year if they want politicians who 're less clueless about the net . 
  i wonder if they will ? 
  because they might find it ? 
   i 'm pretty sure that if you asked the people of a any country , a majority would vote to abolish income tax . 
  i doubt it . 
  if that 's true , why do n't they just elect politicians who say they will abolish it ? 
   do you think governments should ask consent for everything ? 
  do n't be silly . 
   the drone strikes in pakistan and yemen are conducted with the full consent of both governments . 
  though with considerably less consent by both peoples . 
   i 'm a bit confused . 
  is that zeman 's or your personal opinion ? 
  mine, 
   however , he is also very pro-russian and believes that russia should be a member of the eu . 
  if they reform , sure . 
  while the putin kleptocracy is still in place , no way . 
  you are not like me , therefore for the good of society you should be put in a concentration camp and gassed . 
  nothing personal , you understand . 
  i think sweden ( and other european countries ) should have questions like that for immigrants from what are , let 's be honest , less civilised parts of the world . 
   eu demands europe 's wealthiest states take mass immigration from its poorest states the eu is n't `` demanding '' anything . 
  what 's happening is merely the result of treaties all eu countries have agreed to years ago . 
  nice idea , sadly their website is full of flashing , moving shite which makes it very hard to read . 
   otherwise , just about every european language contains most features of latin grammar . 
  in latin , nouns are inflected for case . 
  they are n't in english , french , spanish or italian . 
  they are n't much in german . 
   what is eurolang ? 
  it was a [ conlang ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20010406083238/http://www.vision25.demon.co.uk/eurolang.htm ) developed in the 1990s . 
   it sounds easy to understand but difficult to speak . 
  `` okay , i want to say this , but do i use a spanish root for the word , or a french one ? '', 
  to some extent that 's true of all languages . 
  for example i understand a lot more spanish than i can speak . 
  latin 's grammar is somewhat hard to learn . 
  there 's always latino sine flexione , which lacks it . 
  or you could base a conlang on reconstructed vulgar latin with grammar based on lingua franca . 
  this would probably look a lot like interlingua , but it could be argued that it is at least somewhat of a natlang , since all the vocabulary and grammar will have come from existing languages . 
  is n't romanian at least in part `` an artificial construct '' ? 
  aiui it borrowed lots of words from french in the 19th century . 
  and most ( all ? ), 
  european languages have been subject to standardisation efforts . 
  if we 're using a constructed language , i would prefer interlingua over esperanto . 
  or eurolang , even . 
   wikipedia 's use of the word `` later '' suggests that blacks might have only been allowed to join the wehrmacht when germany started to run low on manpower . 
  that would n't surprise me . 
  cf stomach battalions, 
   just because the nazis did not go as far as to nationalise all industry does n't mean that they were n't anti-capitalist , rather it seems private enterprise was tolerated out of pragmatism since , as you said , the most important thing was to keep production going . 
  yes . 
  i agree with you on the facts , it 's just i would label them as being neither anti-capitalist nor pro-capitalist . 
  hitler 's idea was of a national community ( * [ volksgemeinschaft ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksgemeinschaft ) * ) acting as one for the good of all of its members , and in competition ( especially violent competition , which the nazis regarded as inevitable and desirable ) with other nations . 
  the acquisition of natural resources through military conquest was part of that , and was regarded as necessary for germany to attain prosperity . 
  with that outlook on life it followed that who owned the factories was n't be considered particularly important , and as you quote they `` allowed capitalist private enterprises to exist as long as they adhered to the goals of the nazi state '' . 
  i 'm not sure that http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?moduleid=10005479 is a reliable source , since it says :  african german mulatto children were marginalized in german society , isolated socially and economically , and not allowed to attend university . 
  racial discrimination prohibited them from seeking most jobs , ** including service in the military ** [ my emphasis ] my understanding is that many of them did serve in the military , wikipedia [ says ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_people_in_nazi_germany ) :  on the other hand , a number of blacks served in the wehrmacht . 
  the number of german blacks was low , but there were some instances of their being enlisted within nazi organisations like the hitlerjugend and later the wehrmacht . 
  let 's hope the pirates get elected . 
   the nazis of course were anti-capitalist not really . 
  hitler was happy for factories to remain in private ownership . 
  i doubt if he much cared who owned the factories , as long as they produced lots of guns , warplanes and tanks . 
   murdering all non-whites which was n't a nazi policy . 
  in fact black germans had more rights in their day-to-day lives in 1933-45 than black americans had over the same time period . 
  there 's a good deal of truth to this . 
  people support ukip as much because they do n't like any of the establishment parties , as because of their policies . 
   non-paywall link thank you , have an upvote . 
  people should n't link to sites behind a paywall , it 's rude .
