would be easier to count places i have n't . 
  both are very nice , but april will still be cold . 
  earliest i would go would be mid may . 
  which for me is still cold . 
  i guess i 'll go visit from mid june though . 
  you have more clubs/nightlife places , but the best club is still club prive with the best djs . 
  booze cruise . 
  low memory usage/work with ff and speed/usability with opera 12 for me . 
  note to self : find danish clients . 
  it 's like you 're asking why are n't belgium , netherlands and denmark a single country . 
  they do speak almost the same language . 
  like cooking fest ? 
  need to check it out , thanks . 
  probably a bit of both but more so the latter . 
  russia for one example , do n't recognize the tartu peace treaty anymore - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_tartu_ ( russian -- estonian ) - which messes up most border negotiations already . 
  do n't quote me on this , but how i understood it , is that first of all estonia does not produce that much food for export and it is not very easy for estonian companies to export to russia . 
  we really do n't have the best relationship with them . 
  this is an amazing post . 
  i live in budapest , but have n't done half of those things and will check for sure . 
  statue of reagan is on szabadsag ter ( freedom square ) and has the old mtv building ( hungarian tv not music ) and the us embassy - which is next to the newly refurbished/cleaned up parliament building . 
  so latvian dream is reality in romania !, 
  but when i was there i would still always use them as they 're so crazy cheap . 
  they always have a gps in them and most of the drivers were quite friendly . 
  actually as were all people . 
  i think it 's quite similar in estonia . 
  the songs would be difficult to agree on . 
  our languages are hardly interchangeable . 
  i loved that about romania . 
  everyone spoke english and everyone was extremely friendly . 
  sometimes too friendly . 
  these days , they at least mark which movies are subtitled in pestiest . 
  some of the bigger cinemas like in arena , have started showing more subtitled movies . 
  hungarians have gotten much better in the last 10 years with their english . 
  i remember being here 10 years ago and barely anyone could speak it . 
  now it 's weird if someone does not . 
  for me it 's good though . 
  i learned some hungarian 10-15 years ago , because i had to . 
  my sauna does not have one of those . 
  well , i call the rooms attached to the sauna still the sauna , so only the 90-110 degree room is unpleasant for sex - the washing room and chill out zone are perfectly fine . 
   better life overall ... you lost me . 
  can you explain free vacation ? 
  [ when you 're a drunk girl get prepared to be raped . 
  ] ( http://news.postimees.ee/2757898/words-uttered-by-tallink-director-trigger-scandal ), 
  well , i was not there , so i ca n't say for sure . 
  but they were trying to `` protest '' the bad treatment of russians in estonia . 
  for puting having raised the issue . 
  the title of the article is `` the kreml provocators protest got a few people attending '' - basically meaning `` none '' of the russians that are n't paid to protest actually want russia to do anything about it . 
  the only way the protest is related to ukraine is that putin was saying he is worried about the treatment of russians in estonia . 
  russia has been saying this for years . 
  so they were trying to instigate shit but as we see from the photos - russians in estonia do n't really agree . 
  there are ~ 300000 of them - how many came to protest ? 
  [ for comparison all european countries in hungarian ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/europe_countries_map_hu.png ), 
  if you 're an employee , it is 21 % yes . 
  employers pay loads beyond that . 
  would n't a better solution be that the other media outlets report on this ? 
  i guess everyone already know that paper is bs , but what would a complaint to the commission accomplish ? 
  bor\u0161 for us . 
  for europe it 's not expensive at all . 
  for countries that i know the prices : estonia : 20 $ romania : 15 $ hungary : 6 $, 
  in france it 's something like 5 $ / 100km . 
  in austria you buy a vignette for however long you 're gon na be there . 
  2-3 days , 8 days , month etc. 
  - price depends on that but it 's around 20 $ for a week if i remember correctly . 
  slovakia is the same just much cheaper . 
  in poland they have the toll booths also . 
  so it 's different in many countries . 
  logic is the same . 
  100 $ sounds like a lot for someone to pay who is just driving through . 
  might be for longer period maybe ? 
  i 've heard all the same about the news covering estonia . 
  for me the fact that the russian news is not covering or misrepresenting what is happening is not surprising at all . 
  i 've driven in quite a few countries around europe and never have i seen as bad roads as in bulgaria . 
  i was surprised estonia has many more as well . 
  estonia raised taxes on tobacco . 
  hungary passed new laws this year as well and shoul see some kind of drop soon . 
  never heard it myself . 
  estonians use it for come on , so i was just as confused as futski . 
  bulgaria ? 
  ( i 'm a guy ) in estonia i did n't think i preferred blondes , but after i moved to hungary i noticed i do and they are really rare here . 
  nowadays when i see a blonde girl i assume she is foreign . 
  i had to google verottaja but most finns would know what saku is . 
  systematic ? 
  for the girlfriend . 
  my favorite day to have a bottle of wine on deak square, 
  i spent on average 100lei per night . 
  40lei = bottle of vodka to drink before going out and rest was beers / drinks outside . 
  i remember one bar in bucharest you paid 15lei and could drink unlimited beer from 9 to 1 . 
  now that was awesome . 
  they have versions of that in hungary . 
  not as good, 
  one thing i miss living abroad is the cheese . 
  especially the price of good cheese, 
  i was put off by the fact that when i saw it , i did n't recognize the place straight away . 
  i had to turn once right and then knew the place . 
  on the other hand there is a functioning sidewalk which is not cluttered with people waiting for a bus . 
  when i drove around there last year they very literally everywhere - could n't look in any direction without seeing one . 
  south finland for some . 
   ... and your beer is good !, 
  joking right ? 
  as an estonian , i do n't ever remember buying that vodka .
