i thought i did n't know how to spell for a second there . 
  they used `` nossa '' though , which european portuguese would never say in that context . 
  t-thanks ? 
  not really . 
  r/europe loves this stuff . 
  i live in lisbon 's metropolitan area which is known to make fun of the north and i 've never heard anyone speak ill of bragan\u00e7a , quite the opposite . 
  i would name alentejo as the make fun of region since even they make fun of themselves . 
  i was hoping for `` haha '' funny ... now i 'm just sad . 
  would be great if you could highlight + right click a word and add it to the [ res ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) filter, 
  but ... but ... our alliance :(, 
  : o how ?!, 
  we can put him in alentejo . 
  no one ever goes there . 
  as good as any . 
  if this was the reason we ( portugal ) would n't be blue ... 
  i 'm totally going to start next week ... promise ... 
  i rather not be a monster like mcguire probably was . 
  thanks . 
  what ? 
  that is all well and good but if you 're buying a land you know you ca n't own ( since the law is older ) you really have no excuse to claim it . 
  i personally love this law in particular no matter how old it is , and enjoy knowing it is being properly enforced . 
  europe is n't all in reddit my friend . 
  you 're only digging yourself a bigger hole to be honest . 
  you 're describing racism as exactly what you are doing in this thread ... 
  calling a whole group racist because of what one individual said or done ? 
  edit : also sorry about the 1st grade comment , it was a low blow and i do regret it . 
  so you 're saying that when sachmo_muse refereed to muslim-majority countries as `` they '' he was racist . 
  but when you refereed to the whole continent of europe as racist you were not ? 
  instead of yelling out `` racism ! '', 
  out of nowhere and think that 's a reasonable arguement in itself , why not actually explain what was it that made his affirmation sound racist at all . 
  where was the stereotypes ? 
  where was the racism ? 
  calling names is not constructive in any way to the discussion . 
  state your arguements against it instead . 
  this is not 1st grade . 
  shows how horrible our tv is , we avoid it like the plague . 
  same here , cartoon network did n't have subtitles and loved it from a very early age . 
  worship does n't necessarily means prayer though , does it ? 
  the smell of it uncooked is not recommendable i 'll give you that . 
  no no no no oil !, 
  just a pan . 
  the pizza has enough fat to make it crispy enough . 
  trust me !, 
  or do n't trust me but try it one time . 
  you just do n't know how to cook it . 
  at a time where there are more and more studies that show the health benefits of regular coffee drinking why are you quitting ? 
  do n't do it !, 
  do n't leave us !, 
  i actually remember the only 2 places in europe outside portugal i drank coffee i actually enjoyed ( because it was similar to ours ) was italy and greece . 
  when eating cold pizza , do n't . 
  grab a frying pan and put the pizza slice in there for a few minutes . 
  almost better than freshly made . 
  oil . 
  to be honest most americans i 've seen around europe were some of the most respectful tourists around . 
  often carrying dictionaries and trying hard to speak the language even when being talked to in english . 
  they do talk loudly which can be very disturbing , but that 's about it . 
  just be yourself and if you 're aware of your surroundings you 'll fit in nicely . 
  have fun !, 
  some of us got rid of our kings but kept what made our flag different ... 
  i like it when i find places that still charge 55 . 
  you 're not supposed to know that saying !, 
  your wife has betrayed us . 
  lower income is generally a catalyst for higher drug abuse . 
  it is groundbreaking though ... it 's the first time this was decided by referendum . 
  in all other countries we suspect things are evolving but in ireland we have a certainty . 
  top 10 !, 
  so why have marriage at all then ? 
  we were so smug dividing the world in half . 
  i also have no doubt that it 's definitely against our constitution . 
  there needs to be several cases going up to the constitutional court and winning for it to be scratched though . 
  or ... you know ... common sense by the parliament . 
  for me is mostly because its so useful when i 'm going to a new place , if i see what it looks like first i can get there easier , plan where to park , etc. 
  i was marcelo 's student . 
  he 's a self centered , narcissistic hypocrite . 
  so i 'd say it 's not going to change that much , he just knows how to talk and charm better . 
  was generous with grades though . 
  i do n't like violence , but i 'd watch that . 
  most dictators were popular in the beginning of their dictatorship . 
  jumbo is cheaper imo . 
  you should be the one counting the number of women that died in a given year victims of domestic violence , write down how they died , etc. 
  maybe then you 'd see you that live in a bubble . 
  not in all cases . 
  i used to volunteer for an organization against domestic violence , and they had plenty of women that simply needed to hide from the abusers , going to a house of someone they knew would n't help as the abusers would know where they are , and having their own house would be even worse because they would be alone . 
  i was his student , he definitely was n't tough , he was popular and charismatic though . 
  no one died . 
  it 's a summer religious procession , honouring a patron saint . 
  well , think about it , if they did n't demolish it what would stop other people from building things without city planning ? 
  what would stop people from building in areas where there is protected fauna and flora and just cement it all on a whim ? 
  did you say that dictatorship is not how democracy works ? 
  we have great sexual education in school . 
  police knows they do it but ca n't really do anything about it . 
  and are you really going to go back and complaint to the rough looking guy when you find out ? 
  because they were snobs that thought of brazil as inferior . 
  * twitches *, 
  you bet your ass we do . 
  welp , i know what i 'm going to have for lunch . 
  from what i remember from classes , the portuguese king grew up there , while the royal family was fleeing from napoleon , and was very very fond of the place . 
  the portuguese nobility was n't happy with his idea of turning brazil into the main land so he decided to do the next best thing . 
  i 'm not even sure what the current policy is around here . 
  i do n't think the problem has reached here yet .
