  nor did i say that any of our previous govt were competent . 
  i simply mentioned what a competent govt * would * have done . 
  you 're absolutely correct . 
  my assumption was that a competent govt would have insight enough to apply all the needed reforms . 
  the gain would be that they would have the leniency of applying said reforms in a more structured way , say giving some time between tough measures so that the economy would n't be hit as hard . 
  actually the climate was as good as it got for a viable solution back then . 
  the then govt was `` respected '' ( emphasis on the quotes ) . 
  we had a stronger hand in the negotiations . 
  there were no firewalls , everybody feared the domino effect of a default/grexit . 
  it took everybody by surprise . 
  a competent govt would have taken advantage of that position , would have stricken a more viable deal and now instead of bickering between us we would focus on other important matters . 
  the political cost for the eu parties that partook in the bailout would have been minimal - no months/years of media talking and festering about the same things . 
  the economic cost arguably would have been worse compared to what was accepted by our govt back then but probably better from a default if we continue the same path . 
  ** again with the russia-greece stuff ? 
  ** let me remind people with short memory problems : * same speculation was made upon tsipras visit to russia . 
  it turned out to be bollocks . 
  * same speculation was made upon the announcement of the gas pipeline deal . 
  turned out to be bollocks . 
  * same speculation was made when the greek foreign minister met with the russian foreign minister . 
  yeah , guess what happened . 
  everytime the words greece and russia appear in the same sentence , someone will pop up and claim the same shit . 
  yeah we had [ satyrs ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:statue_of_a_satyr.jpg ) to exhibit the other ... interesting facets of the male anatomy . 
  her jacket looks like the star trek tng uniform . 
   if greece leaves euro i do n't think they will pay debt . 
  why would they ? 
  they ( we ) will . 
  but not all of it . 
  first of all , some debts are near impossible to dodge . 
  i have n't heard of a single case where imf did n't get their money back . 
  even the argentinians payed in full . 
  second , it 's in greek best interest to pay as much as possible to reinstate market confidence . 
  greece * will * have to borrow again in the future and trust is an expensive commodity . 
  so whatever money we might save by skipping our debt , we 'll pay that much and more due to the high interest rates in our future loans . 
  the most probable scenario assuming a default , is the denial of just enough debt that the situation is deemed viable . 
  plus we have real feta cheese . 
  come on now . 
  the most upvoted comment in this thread calls us cheaters , pussies , poorly brought up among other derogatory remarks . 
  and the same person claims * another * user is racist because he used the term `` typical german '' . 
  other * great * insights include `` after syriza went to power , we stopped paying taxes '' . 
  i mean , come on ... and we 're not talking about anti-syriza , half of the greek people wo n't give a rat 's ass about people insulting our wonderful govt while the rest will actually agree with them . 
   taxpayers in western europe would be left having to pay billions . 
  sensationalism . 
  defaulting does n't mean greece wo n't repay the debt . 
  it means they are n't at that time and under those circumstances able to fulfill their obligations . 
  what usually happens after , is there is a debt restructuring/haircut in order to make that burden more viable . 
  the extend of the restructuring/haircut are essentially the losses that the creditors will have to endure . 
  before the bailout of 2010 , the debt was held mainly in private hands , most of them being european banks . 
  a default at that point would mean losses for said banks . 
  after the bailout the majority of privately held debt was bought by institutions and goverments ( that 's why many are claiming that the bailout 's purpose was essentially to save the banks ) . 
  a default now would mean losses for said parties . 
  so if greece defaults does this mean your govt - and in extension their citizens would get a check ? 
  a more apt description would be that they already paid the check during the bailout of 2010 . 
  what the default would mean is , they are n't going to get all the money they paid back . 
  well apart from germany i think - where there was no fiscal transfer but mostly a guarantee of payment . 
  there was no one else . 
  the two old parties , the communist party , new dawn and syriza . 
  the other smaller parties aspired for a couple of seats in the parliament at best , not a shot at being a govt . 
  we had no disillusions . 
  we did n't hope for debt write-out , total exit from austerity or anything similar . 
  people wanted change , a position where creditor demands were treated on the same level as the need of this country to get out of this situation . 
  i mean , for god 's sake after 5 years of adhering to a program that was deemed even by their creators as a mistake , we needed someone with the - pardon the language - balls to say , you know what , let 's try something else . 
   never to trust the greeks and their governments ok mate , there 's no reason to continue this discussion . 
  how exactly will your blank vote help ? 
  how does voting for no-one help a country escape a stale political scene ? 
  also , crazy communist radicals ? 
  i did n't vote for them nor do i have that high an opinion for them , but did the latest proposal seem `` radical '' or `` communist '' to you ? 
  i bet you my last $ 5 that you formed that opinion without doing any bit of research first . 
   you see , that 's the cultural difference here . 
  in my country the person taking the loan is responsible for making sure he can pay the other guy back , not the other way round . 
  so your banks do n't do background checks when you apply for a loan ? 
  you do n't put collateral ? 
  if you go to your bank to invest , and that investment does n't pan out , is it in your bank 's `` culture '' to pay you back regardless ? 
  how wonderful your world must be . 
   greece wanted money , greece got money and now as soon as they wasted it all it 's suddenly unfair that they have to pay it back . 
  how is that fair towards the rest of the eurozone that you guys borrowed and now refuse to pay us back . 
  let me enlighten you to some facets of economy . 
  when a country `` needs money '' one thing they can do is sell bonds/bills etc. 
  the incentive for people to buy said bonds is their interest rate . 
  the interest rate reflects the amount of risk of non-payment that bond has . 
  so if a country is almost assured to pay ( say germany ) the bonds will have negligible yields . 
  if a country might not pay , then the bonds will have large yields . 
  so when your banks bought greek dept , it carried a risk . 
  so in 2009-2010 it turned out that greece ca n't pay . 
  well your politicians - since a bank bailout was pretty recent - decided to transfer that risk from your banks to the government . 
  so now can we stop with the childish `` you borrowed money now pay us back '' bollocks ? 
  ** every ** investment carries a risk . 
  it 's not `` cultural '' or whatever misconception you seem to have . 
  people did n't vote for `` syriza '' . 
  people chose not to vote for the other parties . 
  the political situation in greece has been stale decades now . 
  two parties ruled , pretty much 3 - 4 families , the same faces every time . 
  greeks opted to vote the previous govt during the previous elections , a govt who supported those austerity measures . 
  the end result was . . let 's say less than ideal . 
  the program did n't work even though most of the measures were adapted to the letter . 
  the projections were that much off than even the imf admitted their mea culpa . 
  their proposal ? 
  continue the same measures . 
  so do you find it far fetched that the greek people elected someone new ? 
  if anything , the `` data '' showed that the `` old '' political parties have failed . 
  [ former imf chief ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11654639/imf-has-betrayed-its-mission-in-greece-captive-to-emu-creditors.html ) ... 2 .
