  scheming , seeking alliances left and right etc. 
  from nothing he tries to get everything . 
  sch\u00e4uble is the high sparrow . 
  the laws of god ( well not god but you get it ) must be followed to the letter . 
  merkel is like daeneris . 
  she wants to do good , but she 'll cut the head off of people to set an example . 
  lagarde is like a white walker . 
  strictly because of appearance though . 
  greece is like the wildlings while eu the rest of the 7 kingdoms . 
  they were fucking the rest of the kingdoms for some time now and now that they need to get behind the wall , the rest do n't trust them . 
   an economic report is by definition a political report . 
  ...  but the political resolution is based on an economic situation . 
  the economic situation requires cooperation with the european union/eurozone . 
  that is exactly what he is saying . 
  it is not their place to suggest political maneuvers . 
   the report does not go and dissect the multitude of mistakes the government has done ( like being best buddies with russia ) . 
  oh come on now ... bank of greece having an opinion on foreign policy ? 
  why stop there then , they should concern themselves with the refugee problem as well , right ? 
  it affects the economy . 
  or the prices of bus tickets . 
  or gay rights . 
  or the fucking weather ...  it states that the ez is vital for greece 's economic survival . 
  the problem is not stating that ez is vital for our economic survival . 
  the problem is stating that conforming to creditor 's demands is vital for our economic survival . 
  it 's your boss 's prerogative to require you to be on time for your work . 
  it 's not your boss 's prerogative to require you to sleep early so you can be on time for your work . 
  get the distinction ? 
   is he supposed to lie then ? 
  he also stated the obvious . 
  these reports are also based on evidence and data , they are not just a political stance . 
  the same conclusion was also reached in the 2014 report that greece needs financial support let me liken the position of the bank of greece director to one of a stewardess in a falling plane . 
  the plane is obviously falling . 
  should she lie on the microphone about the plane falling ? 
  should she incite panic over that fact ? 
  no , because it will impede whatever attempts are made to rectify the situation . 
   the bank of greece is an independent organisation that is not controlled by the government . 
  additionally , the reports of the bank of greece are always public . 
  no one claimed the reports are not public . 
  the fact is , the negotiations are a * political * matter ( albeit with economical repercussions ) . 
  bank of greece 's role is to assess the economic situation , not promote a specific political resolution . 
  in other words , the report should stick to economic data . 
  they may state that a return to the drachma will have disastrous economic repercussions . 
  they may not state what political resolution is needed to avert the situation . 
  they may do it in private in an advisory role , but that is not their official mandate . 
  but not only was the report needlessly political , it was damaging and actually promoted the situation they are hoping to avoid . 
   why the fuck should the ecb provoke a bank run ? 
  hm , how about putting additional pressure to the greek govt about reaching a compromise ? 
  and increase the ela just enough so things do n't get * really * out of control . 
  the whole issue stems from the bank of greece report and its governor , yiannis stournaras . 
  the annual report warned about a likely greek exit from the eurozone and even from the european union in the event that the government fails to reach a deal with the creditors . 
  which is all fine and dandy - it 's not uncommon for central bank governors to voice their opinion to the political parties , but in private . 
  in such a volatile environment , one does not play with matches . 
  you might ask , what does that have to do with the ecb ? 
  well , stournaras , apart from bank of greece governor , is a member of ecb 's governing council . 
  if the horse is thirsty and it 's not drinking , you should really check the water . 
  bring it on . 
   the current situation can not go on , '' marijn dekkers , head of german multinational pharmaceutical giant bayer . 
  chill dude . 
  your bribes will work even if they 're in drachmas . 
   the ec and he ecb want to reduce the `` pension expenditures '' , not the pensions itself . 
  how the greek government does that is up to them , at least as far es the ec and the ecb are concerned . 
  the problem is , any meaningful reform takes time . 
  when you 've been given a target to get 1 % of gdp from pensions in a year . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  you ca n't get that kind of savings in that amount of time from anywhere else , the only solution is to cut the pensions . 
  they might not ask for it in name , but that 's the only way to achieve the results they 're asking . 
  i am sick of hearing about the `` reforms '' , as if the creditor 's suggestions had any . 
   re \u00b7 form  / r\u0259\u02c8f\u00f4rm /  make changes in ( something , typically a social , political , or economic institution or practice ) in order to improve it . 
  reform is not raising taxes . 
  you 're not improving tax collection , tax compliance or reducing tax complexity . 
  reform is not cutting pensions . 
  you 're not improving the pension system , the way it has been collected or is been set up . 
  reform is taking something and changing it in a meaningful way . 
  not taking existing measures and bumping them to 11 . 
  find me one single instance of a meaningful reform from the creditors proposals . 
  i mean syriza is a piss-poor example of a government and even they managed to add a couple of actual reforms in their proposals . 
  i mean wtf , do n't people read the actual proposals ? 
  are you basing your opinions on what you hear on the telly because you 're bored to skim through 10 pages from the actual source ? 
  or does the actual meaning of the word reform elude you ? 
   they 've called germany nazis source ? 
   they 've called the bailouts illegal the truth committee on public debt was tasked to find out about the legality/terms etc of the bailout . 
  they do not represent the govt and until the government actually supports that claim , the `` we have called the bailouts illegal '' is bollocks . 
  plus many of the members of the committee were n't even greek . 
   they 've pretended ( i hope it 's only pretending ) to be willing to veto eu stuff on behalf of russia . 
  source ? 
  unless you 're talking about what happened one day after syriza took power . 
  which we 've ( and they 've ) been over this 1000 times . 
  the govt took issue on not being asked about the veto , not the veto itself . 
   living like hell ? 
  jesus , greece is still a first world country , try slashing your pensions to 100 euros and average sallaries to 300 euros , as happened in eastern europe when communism fell , then tell me again how you `` live in hell '' . 
  ah , ye olde `` we have larger salaries than x country '' , so we 're fine . 
  salaries and pensions fell 30-50 % . 
  consumer prices ? 
  oh , they ** [ rose ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/consumer-price-index-cpi ) ** about 10 % . 
  see what happens when you * do n't * have an open market and common currency is , salaries drop , but so do prices of domestic goods . 
  add to the fact that there is no commission over your head to tell you , oi mate , do n't produce milk , we have too much of it , and then that country has a balanced production of market goods to at-least fulfill its internal demand . 
  greece on the other hand is tied to a common currency , is a member of an open market and has changed its production to suit eu guidelines . 
  plus greece is a major importer and the price of the fucking dollar skyrocketed . 
  disregarding the fact that you 're talking about 30y ago , unless you can claim that your $ 100/month family bought a lt of milk for $ 1.20 or a dozen eggs for $ 3 , do n't compare them . 
  it 's one thing for private practices to do that , another thing for public practices .
