  prices would increase without the necessary gdp per capita increase to compensate . 
  so did the greek people benefit ? 
  undoubtedly . 
  but not that more relatively to the other members of the eu . 
  the problem was that it should n't . 
  edit : also bear in mind the chart ends at 2011 , obviously the later 4 y the greek index has declined way more . 
  i assume he 's talking about the other problem with copyrights , the fact that they last for ever now . 
  yeah , he 's right . 
  then ban the old people , since they 're more prone to illness and to making stupid remarks . 
  i can tell he 's aspiring for a nobel in stupidity as well ... 
  i do n't think that defaulting is the agenda behind this speech . 
  he is just trying to steer public opinion to a more friendly attitude . 
  also let 's not help deteriorate the situation further . 
  he has made many errors , his handling of the situation was not ideal in the least , but nowhere did he even imply the `` nazi '' euphemism to germans . 
  on the contrary , he applied that characterization to some greeks ( meaning the golden dawn ) back home . 
  there is plenty of data to analyze , but you will have problems with definitions . 
  for instance life expectancy , while the opposite appears to be true at first sight , can not be a measure of a social class 's well-being . 
  it is based on some variables that are not economic or social only . 
  it can be based on climate , genetics , location and other such variables . 
  plus it can not be compared or given a value of how much it affects the `` how well off '' a citizen is . 
  who 's better off , a `` rich '' citizen with a life expectancy of 75 or a poor citizen with a life expectancy of 80 ? 
  how much value can you assign to 5 years of life more ? 
  home ownership is - again - not a good statistic to compare social classes . 
  in some cases it does n't make economic sense , even for those who can afford it , to own a house . 
  housing prices in hong kong for instance are exorbitant . 
  is a millionaire who 's renting a suite in hong kong worse off than an medium income italian , who owns an apartment in modena and a small villa in his village ? 
  also you have to take into account the volatility of the house market . 
  in the us before the house market bubble bursted , a house would be worth $ 1m . 
  after just a couple of days , the same house would have half that value . 
  -- so you must lay ground rules on how you will compare those social classes , using variables that can be compared and make sense . 
  income vs ppp after every day expenses , availability of and quality of services in that region etc. 
  after that , you can add those aforementioned variables that can not be assigned a definite value and leave it at the discretion of each person to judge how much they 're worth . 
  example : the top 5 % in norway have x economic power with great availability and quality of services . 
  their median life is 80 . 
  the top 5 % in the states have y ( y  x ) economic power with great availability and quality of services . 
  their median life is 75 . 
  the top 5 % in greece have z ( z < x ) economic power with mediocre availability and quality of services . 
  their median life is 85 . 
  and leave it to the reader to judge who 's in a better situation . 
  swell speech and all , but some key points : by his analogy , we 're not asking the north and south grasshoppers for support , we 're asking the non-greek ants . 
  while the greek ants undoubtedly have suffered , the issue is clear : the non-greek ants require assurances . 
  you ca n't force them , who had no part in this , to trust us just for solidarity reasons . 
  there are some things that varoufakis said though that make perfect sense . 
  why on earth do n't they allow the implementation of reforms that all the parties agree to , take place ? 
  it 's beyond me . 
  lastly , no mr varoufakis we do n't need more speeches , be it from merkel , you or galbraith . 
  people are fed up with speeches . 
  people need * actions * . 
  and the same can be said for the markets . 
  so let us stop with the rhetoric , the beautiful fables and stories from wwii . 
  even if your way is the correct economically speaking , the other parties do n't want it . 
  such is the way of life and such are the drawbacks of democracy . 
  deal with it . 
  even though on a personal note , i do agree with you . 
  vat would have been an egalitarian tax if there were different levels based on the income of the one paying the tax , not based on the product itself . 
  steve jobs main diet were fruits which have lower vat than the burgers i eat . 
  does it look `` egalitarian '' to you ? 
  actually i searched before posting just to be sure . 
   in 2014 , 35 percent of fans call the nfl their favorite sport , followed by major league baseball ( 14 percent ) , college football ( 11 percent ) , auto racing ( 7 percent ) , the nba ( 6 percent ) , the nhl ( 5 percent ) and college basketball ( 3 percent ) edit : not that i am the one to tell you what you like , that was just the number that came up . 
  * there are age `` appropriate '' venues . 
  when we were kids , we went to the arcade . 
  late teen till late twenties , dance clubs etc. 
  later on more quiet places like bars , restaurants etc. 
  i doubt us is any different in this . 
  * i believe it 's culture and location based . 
  us for instance loves american football and baseball . 
  here in greece it 's football and basketball . 
  it 's easier to find a 5x5 or a basketball court than any place that can support american football or baseball . 
  * i do n't think alcohol is the problem . 
  lack of exercise mainly . 
  * renting vs owning is pretty regional within the eu as well . 
  germans rent while we mostly own etc. 
  -- when you 're seeking advice , you always take into account to whom that advice is targeted at . 
  if i want to rent an apartment in athens , i 'll be looking for advice from a person who has experience in athens , not n.y. 
  if i 'm looking to buy a car , i will be looking for reviews on cars that are available to me and that make sense . 
  i do n't want a 5l american suv but i would n't mind a 1.4 l ford focus . 
  that is n't to say that i disregard advice that is n't tailored exactly to my needs . 
  you can always get useful information even if the advice is n't targeted exactly to you . 
  renting a smoker 's house carries the same disadvantages in the us as it does in the eu . 
  nah , we 'd still have putin , immigration or barring something tangible we would create something to bicker about . 
  never a dull moment in the eu . 
  first of all , measures that are time critical , a competent govt would adopt them swiftly . 
  the leeway that a competent govt would have achieved by striking a better deal would n't be spent on adopting less reforms , but applying said reforms * better * . 
  for instance privatizations . 
  when they 've set a target for privatizations of x billions by said year you 'll be forced to sell assets that amount to x billion . 
  if the target was x/2 , then you would have a choice of keeping assets that could fetch a better return if sold * properly * ( i.e. 
  not in a firesale ) . 
  or if you want to use your example , imagine the creditors demanding firing x public workers and increasing vat by y amount . 
  but firing workers increases unemployment , decreases consumption rate and reduces the effectiveness of increasing the vat . 
  if the govt had leeway , they could increase vat and at the same time create opportunities for private sector jobs . 
  say give tax incentives for creating private schools . 
  now there 's demand for teachers in the private sector , many teachers would voluntarily switch from public sector to private sector . 
  not only you do n't need to fire as many , you wo n't have to pay compensations , unemployment benefits and wo n't reduce the effectiveness of the tax increase . 
  and so on . 
  achieve a deal with the best terms available as fast as possible . 
  if said terms are so harsh that they can speculate with reasonable amount of certainty that they will prove to be worse that a default , then proceed with a referendum and if the greek people choose so , a default . 
  unfortunately , this is purely theoretical . 
  how can one judge whether the macroeconomic effects of a default can be better or worse than said x measures in this case ? 
  it will be pure speculation - no amount of competency can solve that . 
  the thing is , i did n't say that greece defaulting would be a good thing .
