  - ca n't you fucking see , we replied . 
  - password , i shout . 
  he did n't say a word but kept approaching . 
  - password , i shout . 
  dude kept coming . 
  - i reached for the bandolier , started ripping it open and shouted : by god if you do n't fucking tell me the password i swear i will fill you with holes . 
  dude looked at me ( it was night ) and saw me handling the live ammo . 
  he froze . 
  the night shift commander starting running after him shouting the password . 
  the corporal did n't bother signing my sentry log after that . 
  yeah . 
  my first duty when i returned to my regiment after officer training and my promotion to sergeant was to clean the toilets . 
  and have a corporal ( a lesser rank to those who are unfamiliar ) see to it that i did a good job . 
  as an added bonus , the task was assigned to me in front of the whole regiment after `` welcoming '' me back from the training and congratulating me for my `` promotion '' . 
  it was to `` ground '' me i suppose , not that it really mattered , as conscripted ranks in the hellenic army are a joke . 
  funnily enough , the keys for most of the trucks went * missing * during the next inspection and the colonel that `` grounded '' me was in turn `` grounded '' by the brigadier . 
   i have a very little amount of fucks to give and feel that people pretending to be outraged over the practice do not know how factory farms work . 
  if we accept animals to be used for our consumption , there 's little legitimacy to draw the line of useful/useless between being killed for meat vs. being killed for enjoyment . 
  they do end up dead for other beings ' enjoyment after all . 
  while the outcome is the same , there is a difference in the methodology . 
  there are rules and laws that prohibit the `` inhumane '' treatment of all animals , even if said animals are targeted for consumption . 
  just to make a point , even here in greece it 's against the law to actually slaughter your sheep/goats by yourself . 
  you * need * to take them to a `` certified '' butcher . 
  animals need not suffer more than they have to . 
  if hunting involved getting the deer , beating it , carving it open then releasing it to the wild to be hunted , yes it should be banned . 
  hunted animals do n't suffer more than they have to . 
  i had to do a google translate to make sure that `` horrific '' meant what i thought it meant . 
  that 's how much i could n't phantom someone claiming these buildings are `` horrific '' . 
   as long as the sale price/investment plan are solid that 's the problem , they seldom are . 
  it 's not that the government is refusing to privatize , the climate is not right for sales right now . 
  that much uncertainty and mistrust means investors not exhibiting any real interest in these assets . 
  so in general , you 'll get one bidder at most and they 'll get the asset for peanuts . 
  i mean check the opap sale . 
  it was given to the only bidder at a ridiculous price . 
  under $ 700m for a 33 % stake of a company with $ 500m net profit per year ? 
  the company who has the monopoly in gambling in greece ? 
  ridiculous . 
  yeah i get selling companies that are mismanaged and are proved to be a liability to the greek budget but in order to reach the x billion quota of privatizations we 're forced to sell assets that even as it stands , are profitable . 
  it 's one thing to `` not know how to count '' , another one to make it public amidst the negotiations . 
  stick to shrimps zeke . 
  they are not * actually * dinning . 
  they are not in frankfurt . 
  and the `` original '' dinner was held in brussels . 
  shit , even i can come up with better names than that . 
  the reason bonds have yields * is * because of uncertainty of payment . 
  the yield is reflecting how likely the country will honor the payment and the penalty for not honoring them is loss of confidence ( thus higher yields in the future ) . 
  so germany , a country which is assured to pay , has negligible ( even negative in some cases ) yields . 
  greece , a country which is likely to default , has way higher yields . 
  so , saying that someone who invested in greek bonds is not responsible for the loss of investment if that does n't pay out is , well , plainly wrong . 
  all investments have risks . 
  the higher the risk , the higher the gains . 
  if that were not the case , everybody and their mother would buy greek bonds at 28 % now . 
  the thing is , you would n't know where it was made * geographically * . 
  you may make some assumptions , if say similar artifacts were discovered in a specific area . 
  or if the aforementioned dealers have actual knowledge from where the piece originated . 
  but after 2k years , that wo n't be the case . 
  -- and even in the case where you know where it was made geographically , it 's still not cut and dry : imagine you 'd find an cheyenne artifact in minnesota . 
  cheyenne people left those lands in the 17th century . 
  can the minnesotans of today claim that artifact is theirs ? 
  or should it be returned to the cheyenne people ? 
  well , if it was made 2200 years ago , it was n't made in either modern day greece or modern day fyrom . 
  say the statue was made in the ancient kingdom of macedonia . 
  where will it go ? 
  if it were simply the * name * , there would n't be any problem . 
  it gives way to disputes ranging from territorial to cultural/heritage and so on . 
  they are our neighbours , parts of northern greece has large minorities of peoples of that ethnicity , it would n't be far fetched to imagine a scenario in say 50 years of fyrom having disputes over parts of those lands . 
  also another scenario , of lesser importance but still relevant . 
  imagine that the brits raid a warehouse owned by some antiquity looters . 
  inside they find a beautiful 2200 year old statue of alexander and they decide to return it to the country of origin ( yeah right ) . 
  where will the statue go ? 
  and you get the point . 
  yeah . 
  they do have credible sources , as always . 
  `` one government official said . '', 
  every week , once or twice we 'll hear the same sermon . 
  the sad thing is , a broken clock is right twice ... 
  interest rate ? 
  have you checked your banks lately ? 
  i doubt you 'll be able to get more than 1 % even if you close them for 5 + years . 
  you are losing money if you leave them in the bank as things stand ... 
   no , it wasnt . 
  germany was controlled by the allied forces for a significant amount of time , with the allied forces basically being able to pull the plug on the german government for a while afterwards if need be . 
  nobody gave germany a bunch of money and told them to just do what they thought was best with it . 
  germany 's debt repayment was tied to their exports . 
  that gave incentives to creditors to buy german goods . 
  compare it to tying greek debt repayment to growth . 
  that will give incentives to creditors to invest in greek growth . 
  that 's pretty similar in my books . 
  i will not delve into how german govt hands were tied compared to the greek situation now . 
  suffice to say greece needs approval for every economic measure they pass through parliament and there is no fear of greece becoming an aggressor country . 
  --  greece is still a democracy , and regardless of how this thing goes , actual meaningful change that gets greece to becoming a country capable of actually sustaining itself is going to mean a lot of hardships for the population , more than there are now . 
  its not unreasonable to believe that the greek people might not be willing to do that . 
  what do you mean by more ? 
  you do n't seem to grasp the situation in greece right now . 
  there is no more . 
  that 's why syriza was elected . 
  25 % unemployment , 40 % of populace below poverty line , salaries taking a 30-45 % dive but price of goods remain the same , what more ? 
  increase unemployment ? 
  how 's greece going to make money for the payments ? 
  decrease salaries ?
