  so what you have are politicians pushing for measures that will not have the desired effect ( greece rebounding and paying the debt ) and they do it strictly for political reasons . 
  well , fuck their political reasoning . 
  the greek people do n't care if it 's a right government , left government , marxist or neoliberal or however they want to brand it . 
  we need a viable solution . 
  it will be harsh , no doubt about it and we know it , but we need one that might have the chance of working . 
  that was the no referendum about . 
  many will twist it to say that it 's about greeks not willing to make sacrifices , or that we do n't want to pay our debts or something to that effect . 
  that was not the case . 
  we said , tsipras you have our full support to find a solution that actually * works * . 
   in fact , under ecb rules , no emergency loans may be made to insolvent banks . 
  what was 2008 all about then ? 
   on which side was the greek media ? 
  yes . 
  and just so you can understand the extend of it , there was n't a single youtube video from the ones i 've watched during the past few days which did n't feature a `` yes '' campaign ad . 
  there was n't a single `` no '' campaign ad in the videos i 've consumed on the other hand . 
  ** incoming wall ` o'text . 
  ** government debt to gdp was pretty constant till 2008 . 
  that includes [ greece ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h3ckqky.jpg ) , just to dispel certain myths . 
  see that point in 2008 ? 
  anyone remember what happened then ? 
  how about after ? 
  why is n't the debt to gdp shrinking even after that many cuts ? 
  increasing austerity in times of crisis increases the debt/gdp . 
  it 's a denominator problem , austerity = smaller gdp = larger debt/gdp . 
  in a crisis , the more you cut , the larger the debt becomes . 
  now let 's talk a bit on how we got there . 
  it was a problem of bond yield convergence . 
  you see before the euro , government bond yields were higher . 
  and i mean higher , for instance french bond yields were ~ 15 % . 
  why were french bond yields that high ? 
  it 's not as if france would skip payment ... well exchange rate risk plus inflation risk . 
  the euro project meant no such risks . 
  markets priced accordingly and since the risk was too low , the yields were getting smaller and smaller . 
  well that 's a problem for banks . 
  you see , back then , they were getting good money from bond yields , but that was about to disappear . 
  banks loved sovereign debt , the more they had the more collateral to borrow more in the repo market financing . 
  but with the price of bonds going up ( yields going down ) how could they make money ? 
  well , grab as much as you can before other banks do . 
  which meant every banks wanted bonds , which pressed the interest rates to become ever smaller , which meant they * needed * more and so on . 
  70 % of the european funding are repo transactions . 
  but when the european council said that all sovereign debt withing the euro would be treated the same banks went berserk . 
  they doubled their balance sheets and became very big very fast . 
  but that is a problem . 
  what would happen if the banks went into trouble ? 
  before the euro , if say french banks went into trouble , it was an `` easy '' fix . 
  print more francs . 
  job done . 
  but this is n't the case with the euro . 
  everybody assumed it was the ecb 's job , a lender of last resorts . 
  it was n't . 
  rating agencies started to rate down on sovereign debt . 
  which essentially meant the bank assets . 
  case in point , french banks had 33 % of the french gdp on crappy assets from the south . 
  german banks ? 
  20 % of german gdp . 
  german people saved their money . 
  deutsche bank took their money and bought greek debt . 
  greek people had money to buy german products . 
  everyone was happy . 
  until the crisis of 2008 when all shit got loose . 
  funding came to a stop . 
  how could they deal with the situation without the ability to print euros ? 
  ecb 's function was to set an inflation target , not a lender of last resorts . 
  french bank assets ? 
  450 % of french gdp . 
  total eu bank assets ? 
  300 % of total eu gdp . 
  we 're talking about mindblowing numbers . 
  how on earth can you bail out * that * ? 
  ** the problem was not spending too much . 
  the problem was over-lending . 
  ** solution ? 
  dump money into the banking circuits . 
  draghi dumped ~ 2trillion of euros there . 
  job done . 
  how come france with a deficit grows now ? 
  no austerity there . 
  how come french yields are shrinking even though they are borrowing more ? 
  everybody used ecb 's money , buy said bonds , yields drop , presto . 
  what about greece ? 
  greece can fuck off , it 's been cut from draghi 's plan . 
  more people need to watch this . 
  it explains many things . 
  he twitted that 5m ago . 
  where did he claim that ? 
  liquidity will return with an agreement . 
  europe ( 's fate ) will not be left to parallel currencies . 
  parenthesis mine . 
  [ source . 
   how would you feel about every creditor country having a referendum on the deal you are to be offered ? 
  i would feel that it would be their right . 
   what do you think the outcomes of such referendums would be should you be offered better deals than the last one ? 
  if i had to guess - under the current climate - the result would n't be favorable for greece . 
  i am not going to debate morality . 
  there 's no need to . 
  as long as the majority of the countries in the union support helping the refugees , so will your country . 
  if you do n't like it , campaign either for a change in the eu policy or barring that , for your country to leave the union . 
  yeah it worked great the last time you forced a technocrat on us ... 
  i like that they 're still continuing about the deposit haircuts when the chair of the national bank of greece dismissed it outright - [ not even as en exercise in paper does it exist , she claimed ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/03/eurozone-greece-haircut-denial-idusa8n0zc01o20150703 ) . 
  bear in mind that 's not the government .
