  29/06 was the no turnout . 
  30/06 was the yes turnout . 
  -- edit : for people not in the current events , it 's about the greek referendum happening on 5 june of 2015 . 
  the haircut involved a write down of debt held in private hands , most of which was held by greek banks . 
  with the write-down the greek banks required recapitalization , so a further loan of $ 50b was given . 
  so while in papers the haircut was large , ~ 50 % of face value , the reality was that the debt decreased by only 25-30 % . 
  makes sense right ? 
  write-down the debt only to give a further loan/increase the debt in order to combat the effect of the write-down . 
  he did n't claim reforms were not needed . 
  no one claimed that . 
  he claims that cuts/a heavy austerity package without write-downs would have the opposite effect from the desirable . 
  we use the french variant , boycottage . 
  the verb form was hellenized . 
  ~ ~ merkel ~ ~ sch\u00e4uble advocating haircuts on the greek deposits ... ~ ~ ok , we 're done . ~ ~ well , it 's complicated . 
   negotiations have stalled because greece 's creditors ( a ) refused to reduce our un-payable public debt and ( b ) insisted that it should be repaid ` parametrically ' by the weakest members of our society , their children and their grandchildren and ( c ) because instead of pushing for a solution , you wanted to give a fucking lecture . 
  as you are doing * again * . 
   the imf , the united states ' government , many other governments around the globe , and most independent economists believe -- along with us -- that the debt must be restructured . 
  if you were more modest in your approach of the situation , it probably would have happened . 
  but you * had * to declare that you were the champions of all that europe represents and that others are wrong . 
   the eurogroup had previously ( november 2012 ) conceded that the debt ought to be restructured but is refusing to commit to a debt restructure see previous comment . 
   since the announcement of the referendum , official europe has sent signals that they are ready to discuss debt restructuring . 
  these signals show that official europe too would vote no on its own ` final ' offer . 
  you are talking about deciphering signals , when you ca n't grasp that when the head of the eurogroup says a program expired , he means that the program expired . 
  you ca n't understand a clear statement , are you now proficient in deciphering `` signals '' from the eu ? 
   greece will stay in the euro . 
  deposits in greece 's banks are safe . 
  creditors have chosen the strategy of blackmail based on bank closures . 
  the current impasse is due to this choice by the creditors and not by the greek government discontinuing the negotiations or any greek thoughts of grexit and devaluation . 
  greece 's place in the eurozone and in the european union is non-negotiable about the deposits , i hope to god you 're right . 
  not for me , i am an unemployed chemist whose last job was making sandwiches for 360 a month , i do n't own shit . 
  but for other people with families whos only recourse in this difficult time is to draw money from whatever little they 've saved during the `` good times '' . 
  the current impasse is of your doing . 
  i am not saying the referendum is good or bad , that 's beyond the point now . 
  but saying that the negotiations stalled because of the others is disingenuous at best . 
  have the balls to say , we ended the negotiations because we found the terms were n't good enough and we needed an extra negotiating chip : the will of the people . 
  do n't assign to others the blame that clearly belongs to you . 
   the future demands a proud greece within the eurozone and at the heart of europe . 
  this future demands that greeks say a big no on sunday , that we stay in the euro area , and that , with the power vested upon us by that no , we renegotiate greece 's public debt as well as the distribution of burdens between the haves and the have nots the future demands a well informed decision by the greek people . 
  and you are not helping . 
  give the people the real deal . 
  give them the real pros and cons of each side of the referendum and let them choose . 
  that 's your only real decent recourse right now . 
  jesus christ with the propaganda anwnymia . 
  and hitler advocated a healthy body , does it mean that exercising is bad ? 
  do you take people for fools ? 
  every time i see one of your posts i honestly want to leave / r/europe till the fucking referendum is over just so i would n't be able to read your shit posts anymore . 
  you people are the problem with greece . 
  not fucking tsipras or samaras or venizelos . 
  closed-minded people , whose only thought is to proselytize other people to their own beliefs with no regards to actual debate and information . 
  ** you make me sick . 
  it 's one thing to do something on principle , it 's another to do something out of spite . 
  i am pretty certain , that despite the amateuristic approach varoufakis employed , every action was based on his beliefs . 
  the treatment he received in response was not because of his beliefs , his proposals etc , but because of the way he presented it to them . 
  because of character . 
  so no , in my opinion he did not fuck every person on the earth because someone did n't invite him to dinner , he did it because he believed it , mistaken as he might be , to be the right course . 
  but you have to ask yourself a question : were his peers able to put aside their personal grudges against him in their dealings ? 
  and - let 's not kid ourselves , the dude is intelligent - he knew it . 
  so what 's the point in trying to suck up to them ? 
  in the long run and please forgive me for saying the truth , most of them did n't matter . 
  if germany and france say jump , we 'll all jump . 
  well apart from the fact that it 's more fictitious than tolkien 's hobbit ( i mean 4 % growth after a 3-4 .5 % primary surplus ? 
  ) , 15 years with no real wage growth , no pension increases etc is n't exactly walk in the park . 
  but you know what , i would have said fuck it , if there 's a possibility of things getting manageable in 15 years go ahead . 
  but for some reason i do n't really have that much trust in the projections of the imf . 
  especially for 15 years down the line . 
   not being invited to a dinner is a disgrace ? 
   for a context : we are talking about ruining the lives of millions of people for decades to come . 
  my point exactly . 
  the pettiness when so many people 's lives were at stake . 
   its percent , and not per cent . 
  it 's both . 
  and it 's not `` its '' , it 's `` it 's '' . 
  if you want to be anal about something , make sure not to fuck it up yourself . 
  the situation is way too complex to explain in 30 seconds . 
  you wo n't do either side justice . 
  extension of the previous esfs/esm program is not possible . 
  it has expired . 
  granted it * could * be possible to conjure some legal mambo jambo to extend it but since dijsselbloem went on record and said it is n't possible multiple times , they would n't bother . 
  why hurt the credibility of the eurogroup president and the eurogrp itself just to accommodate a leader who is deemed by most of the people amateur and unreliable ? 
  look am the first guy to criticize varoufakis about his handling , but the bad treatment started from his peers at an early point in the negotiations . 
  at ridiculous levels no less . 
  i mean , not been invited for dinner with the other eu ministers a couple of months back ? 
  from one point on - while unprofessional - he did n't give a shit . 
   will there still be a referendum on sunday if the eurozone accepts his offer ? 
  they wo n't accept his offer . 
  i 'm no fucking prime minister nor do i have 50 councilors , but when the head of the eurogroup says in two different occasions that the efsf has expired and ca n't be extended , i get the point that the efsf has expired and ca n't be extended . 
  unless these news are pure speculation , tsipras really needs to get his shit together . 
  he and his buddies . 
  yeap , pretty much . 
  there 's an oldish greek song that has been made into an expression commonly used ( by singing it no less ) [ tora einai arga . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzmaliohy9k&amp;t=0m59s ) it 's now too late . 
  you 're on a mac ? 
  this . 
  who on earth does n't have calibri installed though , really ? 
  osx without office ? 
  unix ? 
  ( yeah right ) . 
  i ca n't help but laugh . 
  no and follow the procedure for procuring a new efsf loan ( which takes up to 4 weeks ) during which time your banks will fail and you 'll be in a state of default . 
  all because of tsipras and co.
