  [ t for tzatziki !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hfd6xxu.jpg ) -- if you think my post is `` random '' , yeah well yours is not that far off . 
  well , i ca n't argue that it 's * naval * but * force * ... that 's stretching it . 
  i do n't quite understand the meaning of this video though . 
  i mean surely they did n't think that 's pr material , right ? 
  is it some sort of joke or sarcasm ? 
  send bacon . 
  well that 's easy to compare . 
  [ greece ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=greece ) vs [ romania ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=romania&amp;displaycurrency=eur ) . 
  draw your own conclusions . 
  i come from a small village in crete . 
  at its peak we 're talking about a population of 300 . 
  history is pretty recent and as is the custom , bloody . 
  my village got sucked during the venetian occupation ~ 1200 c.e. 
  it got rebuild by a person and his sons . 
  it was the place where the flag of independence against the turks was first raised in crete . 
  lot 's of wwii stuff happened . 
  after the assassination of a german officer the whole village got burned to the ground and all the people and children were sent to working camps . 
  the secluded beaches near my village and neighbouring villages were used as debarkation point for submarines transporting anzacs , [ here 's ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/arts/yourpaintings/paintings/submarine-hms-torbay-rescuing-anzacs-from-crete-18th20th-154587 ) a painting about the most well known one , hms torbay . 
  after the war , survivors from the work camps returned and rebuild the village . 
  lots of memorabilia from wwii still remain , including - rumor/legend says - a german tank stolen and hidden in the mountains . 
  it 's a bit far fetched though judging by the fact that all the families have lugers/mp40 's etc , it 's not that unbelievable . 
  i will assume that you 're serious ( longshot but anyway ) : imperial and metric system do not inherently use only fractions or only decimals . 
  1/2 of a mile and 0.5 of a mile ( or 0,5 of a mile , depending on country ) all are perfectly acceptable and all are using the imperial system . 
  the same with 1/2 km or 0.5 km ( or 0,5 km ) . 
  all perfectly acceptable and all using the metric system . 
  as such , i doubt there is a single country in the world where they do not teach fractions . 
  it 's a bit more common for imperial system to use fractions because the most commonly used units relation to each other : 12 inches to a foot , 3 feet to a yard . 
  so it 's easier to understand that 1/2 feet is 6 inches . 
  it 's more common for the si to use decimals for the same reason . 
  1m = 10dm , 1dm = 10cm and so on . 
  come on , it 's cake . 
  who can say no to cake ? 
  while i do n't agree with his conspiracy theory ( though some of the remarks are true , i mean the media handling of the greek crisis has been atrocious ) where does he blame germany for our problems ? 
  what does the bargaining position has to do with anything ? 
  common sense dictates that a solution that will benefit both parties , ie creditors getting their money and greece exiting this spiral , is the solution both parties should be aiming for . 
  as it stands , any solution proposed by the greek govt that has no `` we failed on our promises '' written all over it is not acceptable . 
  nor the flip side , a solution that does n't give some credence to the greek govt , a sign that they succeeded in some way , is acceptable by the greek govt . 
  the original crisis was an economic one . 
  now it has transcended into a political one . 
  who wants to wager that if the greek government was not leftist and the same proposed measures were baptized as changes to the austerity plan instead of plans put forth by an anti-austerity govt , those measures would have passed since their original proposal . 
  i am not saying they would have worked or that it 's the correct course of action , but they * would * have passed . 
  what our great leaders are fighting for right are not concessions about the measures themselves but about political ideology . 
  i 'm going to help enforce the stereotype and play the blame game . 
  the original crisis was purely our fault . 
  we had help but it 's on our hands . 
  this one though , if i were to put a percentage , it would be 50-50 . 
  50 % on the incompetence and inexperience of our government and 50 % on your leaders stance of putting politics before common sense . 
  ** short stories of ... glory and competence . 
  ** -- we 're camped in a muddy field in nowhere land . 
  it 's raining and we 're starving . 
  i had the keys to a fridge truck ( or what they 're called ) that were supposedly full of provisions so i went and took a peak . 
  it was empty bar two chickens and some sausages . 
  fuck it i said , and grabbed the stuff . 
  a fellow sergeant had brought beers . 
  we lit a fire , posted sentries just in case any officer would show up and roasted the meat . 
  sausages turned ok , the chicken ... well i was glad nobody got salmonella . 
  next morning my corporal asked my company to build a large tent . 
  he was to have dinner with two other corporals of the regiment . 
  guess what he assigned me to bring to the cooks . 
  runs to the petty officers : do we have anyone incoming ? 
  yeah , soldier x went on shit patrol ( large trucks that syphon shit from cesspits ) . 
  calls him : - you 'll fucking go to the supermarket and get two chickens and some sausages . 
  - with the shitmobile ? 
  - i do n't care if you go with a helicopter ... remember the grand feast we had yesterday ? 
  guess who 's asking for it . 
  all turned out well at the end . 
  -- my first transfer was a very strict camp . 
  it was near the borders with turkey so it was n't a laughing matter . 
  we did everything by the book , sentries with live ammo , patrols , everyone outside neatly dressed , caps always on etc. 
  my second transfer was a hellhole . 
  even stricter . 
  though not exactly a transfer , as it was officer training school . 
  every . 
  day . 
  we had to run with full gear and weapons for breakfast , lunch and dinner . 
  i shit you not , in a month i lost 15 kg . 
  my army assigned clothes could n't fit me anymore . 
  after training school i was assigned to my first transfer again and after sometime my third ( or officially second ) transfer came through . 
  i was to be posted outside athens . 
  i distinctly remember the time my pa drove me to my new camp . 
  i was a poster boy for the army . 
  boots shining , clothes neatly pressed , cap on and the sausage bag on my back . 
  so i walk to the ( closed ) gate ... nobody was there . 
  i give a shout and after 1-2 minutes a dude wearing nothing but shorts and flippers/slippers comes and opens the gate . 
  i was shocked . 
  we talked a bit and entered the main building . 
  shock number 2 . 
  two other soldiers , again wearing shorts playing ping pong . 
  soldiers unkempt . 
  i was ready to burst crying from joy . 
  somethings took time to adjust . 
  roll call for instance , i was used to waking up ~ 06:30 but new roll call was 9:30 -10:00 . 
  lastly i remember my first sentry there . 
  a difference there was live ammo was put in a bandolier and handed to the sentries instead in a magazine . 
  so a corporal out of another camp did an unexpected inspection . 
  he with the night shift commander ( drafted officer ) came to inspect my sentry . 
  the corporal was - it seamed - in a hurry and did n't wait for the shift commander to get out of the vehicle . 
  he started to approach me . 
  - who 's this , i shout .
