  how will you use a loan to prevent a shortages in milk ? 
  and getting even more loans seems a reasonable solution to you ? 
  < beg \u00b7 gar \u02c8be\u0261\u0259r / noun noun : beggar ; plural noun : beggars  a person , typically a homeless one , who lives ** by asking for money or food . 
  ** synonyms : panhandler , mendicant , tramp , vagrant , vagabond , hobo ; do you see a payment / non payment clause to being a beggar ? 
  the act of * asking * for money is begging . 
  so please , can we move along now ? 
  i am not a syriza supporter , however i can answer than question . 
  our debt is in euros . 
  after the first bailout we lost the ability to peg the debt to another currency . 
  transitioning to a new drachma wo n't solve our debt problem . 
  halted imports . 
  till the new currency stabilizes , no one would risk exporting to greece . 
  as greece is a large importer , we would have huge shortage of basic foodstuffs , medicines etc. 
  which brings us to 3 . 
  black market . 
  due to shortages a black market will be unavoidable . 
  they 'll use euro as their proffered currency and the shadow economy would gain huge boost . 
  which of course means apart from the huge social inequalities ( people with euros getting stuff that people with drachma ca n't ) it would also mean less money from vat . 
  so we 'll have shortages of basic stuff , social unrest and the debt wo n't be smaller . 
  granted we 'd probably default , which would mean no access to markets for some time , which means growth would have to be limited to printing more money , which means an already devalued currency would need to be devalued more and more . 
  maybe after 3-4 years things would stabilize . 
  but for those 3-4 years , it would be a living hell . 
  and your country defaulted during 1981 . 
  does that make you beggars ? 
  you needed money during 2009 , does that make you beggars ? 
  you got money again during 2011 . 
  does that make you beggars ? 
  how about 2013 ? 
  there 's a christian saying : `` he that is without sin among you , let him be the first to cast a stone at her '', 
  you are allowed an opinion no doubt , but calling us beggars when we did not ask your country for any loans and in fact when * we * were part of the creditors that loaned money to * your * country is disingenuous and hypocritical . 
   we paid and pay back loans . 
  why , are we not ? 
  and exactly why do you care ? 
  what gives you the right to call us beggars ? 
  the right to an opinion does not give you the right to make insults . 
  especially baseless ones . 
  why do you feel the need to make it personal ? 
  why do you feel the need to use stereotypes ? 
  also i do n't understand your hatred towards us . 
  your country has loaned us nothing . 
  it 's not part of the glf nor a esm contributor member state . 
  you did receive a loan from the esm so in essence you got a loan from us . 
  so why all the hatred i ask again ? 
  let me help you with the stats . 
  it 's true , purchasing power is 5 % bigger in greece . 
  you know the difference ? 
  25-30 % have zero access to purchasing power . 
  they are unemployed . 
  so yeah , 70-75 % of greeks who are unemployed do enjoy a whopping 5 % more purchasing power than your 93 % of your people . 
  let it sink a bit . 
  1 in 3 greeks have no access to buying stuff . 
  in your case , it 's 1 in 14 . 
  that without taking into account the debt people had before the crisis . 
  when you had a $ 1200 salary , you could start a family and get a loan for a house . 
  now assuming you still have a job , you have to manage the same debt with $ 800 . 
  and please stop with the stereotypes . 
  well , it seems grexit is off the table ( unless of course the negotiations fail ) . 
   why people always talk about giving to greece taxpayers money ? 
  the loans that might be given to greece will be handled my [ esm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_stability_mechanism ) ; an organization whos funds are comprised by contributions of all ez members ( even greece ) . 
  so in effect , countries ( citizens ) give money to esm and esm gives it to greece ( well greek creditors but that 's a different issue ) . 
  printing money in the way you mean , reduces the value of existing money . 
  countries with debts in euro * will * benefit , but countries with debts in other currencies ( say dollars ) would suffer . 
  granted it wo n't be much given the scale , it 's still not acceptable though . 
  pablo rodr\u00edguez from el mundo tweeted that  50bln assets fund under discussion right now . 
  sort on agreement on the idea , debate on the form , details , procedures , methods , assets , etc https://twitter.com/suanzes/status/620365789288353792, 
  it 's a cartoon . 
  do n't take it too seriously . 
   very witty . 
  now go pay your taxes so greece can pay its debts , play-time 's over . 
  so , you 're coming up empty on a `` witty '' response and you resort to stereotyping ? 
  nah , i 'm to lazy to pay my taxes . 
  i 'll sit and drink ouzo and wait for the germans to pay my bills while i rest comfortably with my $ 3000 pension i got when i turned 30 . 
  from rumors here and there , tsipras seem to have backed up to everything . 
  even the $ 50bn of privatizations . 
  god help us . 
  it 's pretty spot on  . 
  look , it 's a conflict of interest at best . 
  his proposals align with his interests as the chairman of the board of supervisory directors of kfw . 
  it does n't matter that this position is handed to the finmin this year and another minister in the next year . 
  it matters that currently * he * is . 
  yeah , we 're pretty happy too . 
  though i wonder why they chose donaudampfschifffahrtselektrizit\u00e4tenhauptb for the safe word ... 
  the situation is so stupid , that it 's bordering to funny . 
  in order to get funding , we have to admit that the debt is viable . 
  in order for the debt to be viable , we need to get funding ... 
   also source on the 50bn going to the kfw ? 
  [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11734869/greece-must-rediscover-the-spirit-of-marathon-to-burst-its-euro-shackles.html )  he is head of the supervisory board , which he is because he is the fimi . 
  the kfw is owned by germany . 
  its not a private business . 
  i was not implying that he wanted to pocket the money for himself . 
  i was just saying that it 's disingenuous that the assets he is asking been transferred to a foundation he chairs ( or whatever the title is ) himself . 
  if any , and i mean * any * other country will have problems in the future , the euro project is over . 
   how to deal with nations that cant play by the rules germany did n't play by the rules either . 
  you ca n't have preferential treatment . 
  ** fun fact : ** guess who 's the president of kfw that the $ 50bn of greek property would fall under the purview off , under sch\u00e4uble 's proposal ? 
  syriza had nothing ( or very little ) to do with the situation that greece is found herself in now . 
  pasok was on the helm back and now it 's mostly disbanded . 
   i think greece is the one with the problem conceptualising a voluntary monetary union . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  no government would be willing to throw their country that low in order to get a haircut .
