   so in a decade we have almost lost a country : they have been an exporter of aids and now they will become an importer . 
  yeah , for anyone also been a bit perplexed by this , op does n't mean aids as in the hiv final stage , but aid . 
  though i guess many wo n't - i read an article lately about how hiv is on the rise in greece due to the crisis , so that 's probably why i was a bit confused . 
  look disregard that table altogether . 
  we ca n't be sure if it 's right , wrong , what it meant or anything . 
  if you want some data on tax collected , i 've given you a link in a previous post in this comment tree . 
  numbers seem in line with portugal and spain if you account for the population , gdp/capita and make the assumption that our tax burdens the same . 
  it would n't make sense . 
  that would mean that in germany 98 % of the tax debt was disputed . 
  i 've edited my post . 
  check the new stats . 
  if it was 89 % uncollected , with 200b collected , greece output from taxes alone would amount to 800billion/year . 
  that 's 4x the current gdp , let 's be real . 
  if you look at the next table 6-17 , the ** tax debt collected as a share of total debt for collection ** , it 's the exact same numbers , 88.9 for 2010 . 
  you ca n't have 88.9 % unpaid taxes and at the same time 88.9 % paid taxes . 
  but hey , greece , high percent of what is implied tax `` evasion '' , might as well post it without any other information , right ? 
  edit : basically both those tables are exactly the same . 
  ** edit2 : if you want some data on tax collection , [ here ] ( http://www.oecd.org/site/ctpfta/table-a-3-updated.xlsx ) , from [ oecd ] ( http://www.oecd.org/site/ctpfta/taxadministrationdatabase.htm ) . 
  ** greece with 11m population gathered $ 209b portugal with 10.4 m population gathered $ 171b if you consider the fact that greece had a 8 % higher gdp/capita than spain during 2011 and slightly bigger population , it 's about the same . 
  well no , seeing as the cost for the license to sell lemonade there is astronomical for the greek government . 
  though i hear from credible sources that instead of a debt relief , they are considering granting the greek government rights to sell soda pops outside the european parliament , so there is still hope ... 
  well , coffee price in brussels is around half the greek gdp so ... 
  maybe it has to do with the fact that other countries can do with a higher budget ? 
  if you stand at 1 % , why should other countries go for 2 % , they 'll just lower it to 1 % and use nato cover for their inadequacies . 
  at least that 's how i am perceiving it . 
  it depends . 
  for the lifetime licenses , i agree . 
  for the limited time licenses , they serve a purpose . 
  example : a village wants to exploit their beaches . 
  they 'll issue two annual licenses for people to put umbrellas etc , in specific places in the beech . 
  they auction those licenses . 
  benefits : clean beeches , structured and not overdone exploitation of the beech , accountability etc etc the same applies to many professions with such licenses . 
  many licenses yes . 
  others , no . 
  the licenses - at least that 's how it used to be , i do n't know if anything changed - were either lifetime or needed renewal every x time . 
  lifetime licenses could be sold . 
   greece 's spending is still above average with a ~ 30 % contracted gdp . 
  which also decreases the effect of the cuts . 
  normalize it to the potential gdp and you 'll see a totally different image . 
   what does it mean the market is not free for rentals and ferry ? 
  there is a specific amount of licenses available to practice those professions . 
  for instance , you want to open a rental car shop in x city . 
  if there are many there already - the licenses would have been given - and you would n't be able to open such a shop . 
   nuisance charges when you get a credit card/open a bank account and you wo n't use it for a time - depending on the bank ofc - you get a nuisance charge . 
  effectively it 's a fine that you pay in some cases when you 're not using the service you 've subscribed to . 
  ekas is not given to high income pensioners . 
  thanks for the thought , however the sad truth is that somewhat the opposite has been happening these past few months in europe . 
  what i am hopping for is not for people buying more greek stuff , but for god 's sake do n't boycott products and services just because their owner/origin is greek . 
  wait , abortion is against the law in ireland ? 
  there was no point in discussing specific measures there . 
  most of these people would n't understand simple economic terms if you hit them with econ 101 in the head . 
  i mean a mep was complaining why greek pensions cost 10 % of gdp while theirs was 8 % . 
  oh , i do n't know , maybe because there was a 30 % gdp contraction and a 25 % + unemployment ? 
  it was a circus , a circus of posturing . 
  they could have saved the eu citizens a lot of money if they just signed a letter based on their political affiliation and sent it to tsipras . 
  x side : you 've been bad . 
  bla bla , we contemn you , bla bla . 
  y side : you 've been good . 
  bla bla , we support you , bla bla . 
  z side : you 're trying but not much . 
  bla bla , if you try harder we 'll support you more , bla bla . 
  done , just saved around $ 1m instead of this charade . 
  and people claim that greeks are over-spenders . 
  i ca n't tell for sure - i have heard nothing bad about romanian beef . 
  maybe it has less stamps ( you know less checks/control ) so it 's considered `` not prime '' ? 
  wear a sign saying i am a beggar , go into a crowded place naked , take some photos , upload them and i 'll * consider * giving you a loan . 
  it has gotten worse of course . 
  gdp shrunk . 
  all 3 supermarkets in my neighborhood are normally stocked . 
  the bank today was empty from what i heard from my mother . 
  only real problem is i ca n't pay my bills . 
  both my car insurance and my internet connection siphon their money abroad and they get caught by the capital controls . 
  not going to happen . 
  he might * strongly * support the resolution of the matter . 
  he even might * strongly * advise each party to find a resolution sooner rather than later . 
  but that is as far as he will go . 
  i was not talking about solving the issue in 5 years . 
  i was talking about the situation getting better in any respect . 
  we are well aware the problem wo n't be solved , probably not even in our lifetime . 
  of course it is . 
  it has a map , and fonts and everything . 
  including an indisputable source . 
  here are some [ real stats with actual sources ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ozjzq2h.jpg ), 
  no , nutella is another thing . 
  you may not like sweet things . 
  you may prefer alternatives ( merenda , or peanut butter etc ) . 
  nor can you eat to much of the stuff . 
  but bacon ... you will die from cholesterol way before you feel stuffed . 
  look i understand and respect if it 's a religion thing . 
  or maybe if you 're a vegetarian . 
  but if you 're allowed to eat meat , not liking pork is not reasonable . 
  you know why ? 
  because bacon is made from pork . 
  you can not not like bacon . 
  it 's . . not logical . 
  i mean , bacon , come on ... 
  $ 1600 euros ? 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha . 
  you 'll need to show willingness to reform . 
  you must increase your posts/hour to those average of the subreddit .
