  these are fiscal adjustments . 
  reforms are making actual changes . 
  thus far there has n't been a * single instance * of actual reform being suggested or implemented . 
  nor is a greek government able to implement any actual reforms in the current state . 
  the powers that be do not like `` radical '' changes . 
  come on with the special treatment argument already . 
  there is no country where such measures were imposed . 
  it 's not special , nor preferential . 
  also , if portugal , italy or spain also need a debt relief , then it 's not simply a greece overspending issue , is it ? 
  there must be something wrong with the system . 
  should we ignore it ? 
  should we start the blame game again , albeit this time with some other nation instead of actually realizing that something must change in the way this thing is set up ? 
  lastly if you for a second think that if portugal reaches a `` greek point '' that institutions are going to actually admit that portugal * complied * with the reforms , you 're being naive . 
  the creditors there as well will claim that portugal or < insert country  were resistant to reforms etc etc. 
  you need to remember that greece was * complying * with the reforms as well till it `` was n't '' . 
   well now we are fixing that . 
  no , you 're not . 
  the problem is n't the esm/ecb etc lending . 
  the problems are the banks lending . 
  there it 's business as usual , banks still rack up huge exposures to enlarge their balance to be able to lend more , to rack up even more huge exposures etc. 
  hsbc has 2.6 t ( essentially uk 's gdp ) , deutsche bank 2t ( ~ 65 % of germany 's gdp ) . 
  who 's going to bail them out if they fail ? 
   for example , the plan for greece to achieve a medium-term primary surplus of 3.5 % is described by u.s. economist and nobel laureate paul krugman as `` destructive austerity '' and `` monstrous folly '' . 
   but the fact is that many countries - including the netherlands , belgium and italy - have achieved this target before yes , for one or two years during the past 20years . 
  not for 30 years in a row that is being asked ... 
  i doubt he 's talking about mortgages . 
  they [ are n't that common ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:population_by_tenure_status,_2013_%28%25_of_population%29_yb15.png ) in greece and most of them are taken in order to build the home . 
  i assume he 's talking about primary home foreclosures for * other * debts , you know foreclosing your home because you owe $ 5000 or such , which actually makes sense in a crisis period . 
  i may be wrong of course . 
  bad example . 
  first of all , ert , the network you 're talking about , does not cost the government anything . 
  it has a separate budget and it was payed by the greek people through the power utilities . 
  the previous government closed ert and introduced nerit with the same budget . 
  the reason is pretty complex , have a [ read ] ( http://www.thepressproject.net/article/50544/analysis-what-lurks-beneath-the-closure-of-ert ) . 
  syriza re-introduced ert , again with the same budget . 
  so ... yeah , bad example . 
  ca n't blame a man for loving cheese . 
  esm has been created to that effect . 
  the contributions would have been made regardless if greece needed a bailout or not . 
  taking a risk , yeah . 
  losing money , no . 
  we 're getting funds from esm not from countries directly . 
  currently the esm has $ 700bn of which $ 500bn for bailouts . 
  define necessities . 
  because i do n't think used clothes for instance is really a thing when you can find el-cheapo pants for 5 euros for example . 
  do you mean transportation ? 
  camping gear ? 
  something else ? 
   i think we need at least a c option ... but feel free to reveal more poisons solutions !, 
  force new regulations regarding sea vessels of any kind . 
  all vessels of x size or larger should be registered in some kind of international body . 
  treat anyone who sells , rents or captains vessels used in the transport of immigrants as a human trafficker with harsh penalties . 
  push other countries ( libya , turkey , tunisia ) to accept said regulations as well . 
  increase sea patrols - some joint program to share the burden between countries ( will also act as an exercise to further cooperation in marine matters ) . 
  i do n't know how much it would help but i think that our only recourse is striking the means by which they cross the seas . 
   what is said to be the motivation for the previous head in prompting the bailout ? 
  he 's * still * head of elstat . 
  there is no official reason listed in the charges , mostly speculations . 
  examples , here 's a varoufakis quote : `` when the whole world assumes that greek statistics are always going to under-estimate the budget deficit , changing this reputation and impressing the world that things have changed meant one thing : getting it right or , since statistics can never be precisely right , issuing predictions that err on the side of over-estimation . '', 
  though varoufakis believes it 's a witch-hunt and while he might have been overzealous , it was not to that extend to warrant such moves . 
  but that 's the most generous one . 
  others - circulating from within elstat , from the union themselves . 
  about him being a man of the `` creditors '' , with the goal of promoting austerity measures across the periphery or somesuch . 
  one of the accusers was working within elstat . 
  there 's some rumors going on that the large charge ( fudging the numbers ) has been dropped yesterday but the second charge ( working with the imf at the same time , which i believe constitutes a conflict of interest ) still standing . 
  the problem with the `` independent statistics bureau '' is that it 's not really independent . 
  they head of elstat is currently under investigation by the greek law about fudging the debt stats in order to prompt the bailout packages during the start of the crisis . 
  he is also under charges about holding another job while he was in elstat . 
  a job in the ... imf . 
  there have been further allegations that elstat is being `` influenced '' by eurostat . 
  so it 's not simply making an independent from the government statistic bureau but making a truly independent statistic bureau . 
  which let 's be honest , even if a new `` elstat '' was to be born , or all the members of the old elstat were to be sacked , what people will fill those positions ? 
  you 'll be hard pressed to find people with no connections to ... `` outside '' or `` inside '' influence . 
  ** a tldr : ** eu want 's a government independent statistic bureau , greece wanted ( not that it matters but anyway ) a statistic bureau free of outside influence . 
  they ca n't be handled . 
  the conditions those people live in here are appalling . 
  if capital controls allowed me , i would bet you a tenner that in less than a month a news agency will release some type of reportage about how bad their conditions are and how much it resembles a concentration camp . 
  i totally agree with the safe zone though . 
  but these things need to happen with the cooperation of the local governments . 
  somehow i doubt they 'll be very willing . 
  greece and turkey playing pong with the immigrants wo n't happen . 
  the moment we send a ship into their waters ( and vice versa ) immigration will be the least of our problems . 
  it 's not just `` legal issues '' but it 's considered an offensive move bordering to an actual act of war . 
  i am sure someone will come and suggest we tow them to international waters and block them from re-entering . 
  and i 'll answer preemptively , one of those boats ( if you can even call them that ) will eventually sink , hundreds of lives will be lost , international outcries will put pressure and this strategy will be abandoned . 
  and even if it 's not , no captain will order his crew to force such a blockade again . 
  plus the actual cost of having frigates and what-not patrol the waters 24-7 and doing god knows how many trips back and forth . 
  i can think of two countries that wo n't to be honest . 
  so now i am confused . 
  are we in the company of somalia and sudan ? 
  no hurry , they 're having a blast here . 
  i mean vacations in italy and the greek islands , what more can one ask ? 
  wait a minute . 
  i thought nsa handled the in-country spying and cia was the agency handling the rest of the taps around the world . 
  oh well , i have a sneaking suspicion even they do n't know what is what ... 
  well , the royal family actually makes more money than what they cost to be honest , so it 's not really a valid comparison . 
  ( yes , i found that hard to believe at first , but it 's true ) . 
  as far as the `` dinner '' , well # 600 per head * is * a bit too much but i 'll reserve judgement till the actual numbers are revealed and exactly what will be involved will be disclosed . 
  ok , are you ready ? 
  here 's what 's what : eu says that in order for the bailout to happen , imf needs to take part .
