  they would never get elected again . 
  if they reach that level by themselves then it 's not only greece , the euro concept has a problem and a second haircut wo n't be the real issue . 
   wolfgang sch\u00e4uble admitted that back in 1994 , he had accepted a dm 100,000 cash donation handed over from karlheinz schreiber, 
  russia , greece and support in the same sentence . 
  sorry , let me grab a photo while it 's still day . 
  granted i 'm not exactly in the center of civilization . 
  we use common incandescent ( yellow ) lamps in the more civilized parts . 
  like [ these ] ( http://www.protothema.gr/files/1/2015/01/07/attiki-odos-ena.jpg ) . 
  the article states ** recent ** history , the title is not . 
  but hey , that 's not editorializing . 
  having the biggest debt defaults in the past 25years is the same as having the biggest debt defaults in history ... right ? 
  we use the most energy conserving lamps in the world . 
  colorless , zero maintenance , eco friendly , the works . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s73vs9e.jpg ) an example right outside my house . 
  eurogroup to reconvene tomorrow 11:00 local time ( +1 gmt ) . 
  no press conference to be had at this time . 
  i 've heard that they want imf in as well , and imf calls for unanimous decision ( technicalities ? ), 
  as there are tabloids in germany , there are tabloids in greece . 
  no one can forget the nazi-merkel front page for instance . 
   and of course the greek media are biased , why should they not be ? 
  they are entitled to their freedom of expression and opinion just as much as anybody else - that is what opinion pieces are for . 
  we 're not talking about op ` eds here . 
  we 're talking about misinformation and propaganda . 
  we 're talking about reporters asking questions and when not hearing the answers that they `` expect '' stopping and shoving off the interviewee to go to the next one . 
  we 're talking about breaking the law the day before the referendum and having politicians with active campaigns toward the yes being on air for hours . 
  we 're talking about spreading rumors and verified lies for days . 
  so , no they are not entitled to doing that . 
   the troika wants austerity . 
  they have also shown in the past that they are willing to participate in massive debt restructuring to help the greek debt load . 
  they value the euro and want to protect it . 
  however , they still have to answer to constituents at home , so they do have some limit where they will allow a country to exit . 
   do we agree on all this ? 
  ** agreed . 
  **  if so , then it seem totally reasonable to assume that greece could have gotten pretty much the exact same deal that they approved this week much earlier . 
   do we agree on all this ? 
  ** any sort of dept relief , be it restructuring or haircut was off the table . 
  a promise of consideration from juncker was the best offered and that after the referendum was announced . 
  schaeuble was pretty adamant . 
   the reason they did n't get the deal earlier is because syriza was determined to be as toxic and inflammatory as possible . 
  as i said , there was no offer of debt relief . 
  till imf released that report and before the referendum , it was off the table . 
   if we can agree on all this , then is n't it totally reasonable for me to conclude that you did n't go through all the pain of the last six months for the plan that you are getting now ? 
  we do n't agree . 
   the media are by and large quite reasonable i can assure you , they 're far from reasonable . 
  they 're hardcore biased , pushing oligarchic agendas ( 4-5 families control all the media ) in blatantly obvious ways . 
  if you did not pay attention to what happened during the referendum weekend , look around reddit here or on / r/greece for older posts and you 'll get a good idea . 
  when your only resource for somewhat unbiased news is the national tv and a site run by 4-5 reporters , you know things are pretty messed up . 
  i do n't know . 
  heck most of the economists do n't know , much less common people . 
  it 's possible , even probable . 
  but we 're very pro-eu as a people . 
  i am not arguing that there was n't a better way to achieve this . 
   the fact that so many greeks seem to was a good deal to tank the economy so that they could talk shit suggests some pretty negative things about your prospects for long term health ... no-one wanted for things to reach this level . 
  you may think we do , your media may suggest we do , but we do n't . 
  we do n't enjoy living day to day with uncertainty and with no access to a banking system . 
  we sure as hell do n't enjoy being the ridicule of eu . 
  what i - and i believe most of us - want is for the situation to become viable . 
  will it be ? 
  we do n't know . 
  we sure as hell knew though that as the things were , it was n't . 
  thank you very much for the translation . 
  not enough recognition for so much work . 
  cheers from a non german speaking fellow . 
  the only thing i really care about is if the situation is viable . 
  if they can get debt restructuring along with the measures and we 're not in the same situation in 1-2 years again , i 'm pretty fine with that . 
  besides , i knew what i was voting for . 
   the bail-out did not however only benefit foreign banks , but also greek depositors and households , as one-third of the debt was held by greek banks and other greek financial institutions . 
   moreover , private creditors were not off the hook , and , in 2012 , debt was substantially reduced : the 2012 private sector involvement ( psi ) operation led to a haircut of more than 50 % on about $ 200 billion of privately held debt , so leading to a decrease in debt of over $ 100 billion ( to be concrete , a reduction of debt of 10,000 euros per greek citizen ) . 
  you see , while he mentions that 1/3 of the debt was held by the greek banks/financial institutions and was bailed out , he neglects to mention that the haircut affected that debt as well . 
  and as a result of that haircut , an extra $ 50b of loans to recapitalize the greek banks were needed . 
  so while true the haircut led to a $ 100b decrease in debt , the new loans increased the debt by $ 50b , making it essentially a $ 50b decrease . 
  what he also fails to mention was that the original debt was taken under greek laws , the new loans where under british laws . 
  so a possibility of default would be extremely costly for greece . 
   the decrease in output was indeed much larger than had been forecast . 
  multipliers were larger than initially assumed . 
  but fiscal consolidation explains only a fraction of the output decline . 
  output above potential to start , political crises , inconsistent policies , insufficient reforms , grexit fears , low business confidence , weak banks , all contributed to the outcome . 
  that 's the problem with imf . 
  on such a volatile environment their projections did not account for any sociopolitical factors . 
  they assumed all would be great , market confidence would return and simply did the math . 
  nobody blamed just fiscal consolidation for the outcome . 
  the policy of austerity was not to blame alone for this mess . 
  but assuming that growth would return just because you 've tightened the belt is ridiculous . 
  austerity handles the deficit problem . 
  it does not promote growth . 
  troika did not require direct pension cuts . 
  whatever they required is currently in the proposal form . 
  phasing out of ekas , increase in the medical contribution , harsh penalties for early retirement and so on . 
  there are no immense field oils in greece , it 's a myth . 
  there has been research on aegean and ionian sea and they did find some oil there . 
  around $ 20b worth of oil under 30 years . 
  good enough for some pocket change but by no means immense . 
   i just skimmed this and it seems like a full capitulation more or less . 
  how much are you willing to bet that even as they are , the measures will not be found sufficient ? 
  creditor side might say something to the effect of `` it 's a good proposal , but circumstances have changed '' , they 'll probably push for faster application . 
  they 'll also say something to the effect of `` this agreement does not mean we 're going to accept debt haircut , but we 'll be open for talks about debt restructuring < insert date  in the future . 
  http://www.thepressproject.gr/article/78972/live-i-epomeni-mera look down till you come to the big wall-o-text in english . 
  i 've read it , it 's harsher than the previous agreement . 
  basically it 's exactly the same as the creditor proposal but with extended dates in some matters . 
   i thought it was obvious yeah probably .
