that 's math bollocks . 
  the `` net '' wealth means zip . 
  let me give you a personal example . 
  i own a piece of land , around 28k m ^ 2 . 
  it has no electricity , no water , building modifier is something like .5 % . 
  it 's basically grazing land for sheep . 
  irs values this at around $ 900k . 
  while at the same time i ca n't sell the damn thing for $ 20k . 
  the only other thing i own is a 2005 vw golf . 
  that 's what , $ 6-7k at best ? 
  so , is my `` net '' worth $ 900k + ? 
  am i rich ? 
  -- those numbers have no meaning at all . 
  not even relatively , since house and generally those types of assets market is so volatile , one day you 're a millionaire , the next you 're dirt poor . 
  plus for instance in greece it 's pretty common to own your house . 
  in germany as i am sure you 're aware , renting is way more common . 
  that heavily skews numbers towards greece 's side . 
  what should matter is the ability to carry debt and the cash at hand . 
  apart from your typical extreme/far right wing people , old people that supported the junta and young people who do n't know any better . 
  oh , and people who wanted a protest vote . 
  it 's not only that . 
  imagine that we had very low participation in the elections . 
  people who did n't bother voting were not likely to vote for gd in any case . 
  they 'd still get a larger percentage that i feel comfortable with but significantly less that what they got now . 
  everything he warned about was well before the fact or at least well before the fact was known . 
  for example the tidbit about the maastricht criteria happened one year before we adopted the euro . 
  the closure of ert , again one year before anyone had a whiff of it happening . 
  same goes for all his warnings really . 
  granted some of his `` prophecies '' were generic enough to claim that they were bound to happen , but some were very precise that you can not dismiss them . 
  probably the only good thing that happened in the elections is the inclusion of leventis in the parliament . 
  he used to be the laughing stock of the political scene in greece . 
  i remember we used to make fun of him . 
  so , who 's laughing now ? 
  -- 20 years ago he cried and shouted that we 're going to be bankrupted . 
  17 years ago he prophesied the fall of the large parties . 
  15 years ago he said that we did not fulfill the maastricht criteria and that we 'll eventually have to face our deficiencies and we 'll be forced to make up for them in a short period of time . 
  before the whole crisis started he claimed that rough economic measures are needed and only a coalition of the two large parties would be able to apply them . 
  at a time where the two large parties categorically claimed that a coalition will not happen . 
  6 years ago , he claimed that greece is in a very bad trajectory , poor people will suffer and that the time to pay is coming . 
  he even said `` keep the recording and play it some time in the future , you 'll see ... '' the same time he made the statement about how corrupt the greek media is . 
  he said that there will come a time where journalists will be spewed upon . 
  he also foresaw the closure of the greek national tv ert . 
  he foresaw that golden dawn will be brought to courts eventually . 
  he foresaw the referendum and the third bailout package . 
  ----- eerie . 
  zero enthusiasm anymore . 
  talk between my father and i : - syriza got elected again . 
  so , what 's for dinner ? 
  that was the extend of election talks in my family . 
   the property prices have fallen for now , but they will increase the taxes to foreigners after a while . 
  this is a well known trick in touristic countries . 
  what ? 
  from my knowledge there is no `` special '' tax that is incurred just on foreign people owning property . 
  i mean that would scream discrimination based on nationality - that would n't fly with eu . 
   so , after it 's practices , they either collect crazy high taxes , or offer you to buy the property for a low price . 
  again , what ? 
  you 're implying that the greek govt is in collusion with property owners and raise taxes just so the foreigners would be forced to sell the property back at low prices ? 
  this does n't make sense ... care to share a source for all this ? 
  --------- the real problem with acquiring property in greece apart from the uncertainty factor , is the bureaucracy . 
  if one can stomach that and is n't worried about any complications a grexit may bring forth , it 's actually a great time to buy property here . 
  there 's zero demand , huge supply , prices have plummeted , people ca n't maintain properties and are in need of cash , it 's a buyers wet dream ... 
  it 's not about hungary . 
  it 's about selling pages and clicks , i would have thought it to be pretty evident by this point . 
  an article about isil and assad wo n't sell . 
  people do n't get pumped by that anymore , they need new stuff , new bad guys to blame . 
  death of kids in syria ? 
  tragic but not newsworthy . 
  drowned kid in eu borders ? 
  fire up the presses . 
  5000 refugees/day influx in al-zaatari . 
  who cares ? 
  200 once in a train in a eu country ? 
  first page above the fold . 
  and you ca n't even blame the media . 
  they 're just fulfilling the demand . 
  we 're transforming news into buzzfeed shite . 
  anyway , to all the hungarian people concerned about the world 's opinion : do n't , they 'll get bored and find something else . 
  same thing happened with us as well . 
  i do n't mean to undermine your situation or anything , but 200 people is n't exactly * significant * . 
  i 've seen articles using such language describing comparably small numbers on many articles lately . 
  i mean , if 200 is significant , how can one describe 125000 ? 
  for a more complete view , this is a passage from greek media ( [ source ] ( http://www.sport24.gr/football/championsleague/vandalismoi-opadwn-ths-mpagern-kai-ksulo-me-thn-astynomia.3668104.html ) ) translation by me . 
  repulsive episodes took place in karaiskaki stadium , with the fans of bayern munich entering their sitting places raging . 
  they broke the protective plexiglass , seats and launched bottles towards the olympiakos fans , which resulted in the dynamic intervention of the police in the interest of restoring order . 
  the scuffle was pretty fierce for about ten minutes and many of the bavarian fans were injured during the altercations , which resoluted in the mobilization of stretcher bearers in order to move the injured and provide first aid . 
  ** edit : ** not a great piece of journalism to be honest , the ( original ) writing is pretty poor but it 's a sport 's page so ... yeah . 
  we have the exact joke in greece as well , but instead of a hungarian it was a greek of course . 
  an italian , an egyptian and a greek were chilling in a bar . 
  they started talking about their countries and the conversation heated up when the subject of whose country was the most advanced ancient civilization came up . 
  the italian full of pride , reached for his bag and produced a photograph . 
  look at the photograph closely , this was recently found below the colosseum . 
  what do you see ? 
  the egyptian and the greek studied the photograph closely and after a while they answered : `` a cable '' . 
  exactly , proclaimed the italian . 
  do you know what that means ? 
  no , the others replied . 
  it means that the romans had invented the telegraph !, 
  meeh that 's nothing , shouted the egyptian . 
  he also reaches for his bag and he too , produced a photograph . 
  have a look , this was found below the great pyramid of ghiza .
