  short and simple , least brutal when translated , are proper ones . 
  one language , four standards . 
  snje\u017eana kordi\u0107 makes a very persuasive argument ( jezik i nacionalizam , 2010 . ) . 
  the term itself is historical , tied primarily with illyrian movement ( ilirski pokret ) , after illyrian name itself was banned . 
  name of language is , in the end , not important . 
  what is , even though it is standardised and made official in four separate centres , language is much the same . 
  a less emotionally and nationally charged example can illustrate the example much better . 
  there is one german language , and it also had multiple standards , german , austrian and swiss in this case . 
  and even though schweizerdeutsch ( swiss german ) is more different to german german than croatian is to serbian , there are no significant cries about it being a different language . 
  so , went to the pub in hull the other night ... man , i got legless . 
  hey , i thought that [ the revolution will not be televised ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgartqrlgy8 ) . 
  you could ask in / history or / askhistorians . 
  some suggestions : piotr s. wandycz , `` the price of freedom : a history of east central europe from the middle ages to the present '' - does what it says in the title , quite well . 
  padraic kenney , `` the burdens of freedom : eastern europe since 1989 '' is more specifically about what you asked , about recent decades and transitions from state socialism . 
  i would certainly recommend it for what interests you . 
  even though it 's not a historical work , i can also recommend barkley & marina rosser , `` comparative economics in a transforming world economy '' . 
  it deals with eastern europe only in part , but does so succinctly and competently . 
  touching upon economics , but returning to history , for central and east europe you ca n't go wrong with berend , for example `` an economic history of twentieth century europe '' or `` history derailed '' for more specificity about region you are interested in . 
  berend would also be great to get into core-periphery framework that is often used and is important for this region . 
  sure . 
  some families have small businesses ( registered or not ) , mostly in scrap metal or construction . 
  those in metal often make a nice income , nicely above average . 
  they of course want to provide for their children 's future , and after or most often during elementary school that means on the job training . 
  i suspect their job is not very technically complicated , but to be successful they need to make and sustain a large network of contacts , and involving the kids early is probably a way to ensure that they inherit it . 
  i do n't know . 
  most pc , most multi-cultural , most ( post ) modern answer would be - `` make education useful and relevant to their lives '' . 
  that is something we might , or even did , get from either department of education or some non-governmental organization endlessly and uselessly dealing with the issues . 
  well , that sounds fine but the question nobody can answer is - how ?!, 
  nice , proper sounding questions and answers usually come from places far from front line trenches in education , and are therefore fully irrelevant and disconnected from practice . 
  what we should accept is that not getting an education is really a rational choice for some . 
  they have arranged jobs and even marriages waiting . 
  in those cases they need little above basic literacy , and they will not just get by but will probably be earning more then most people that stuck with education , for example us , their teachers . 
  there is also another side of the spectrum , cases in which we can really talk about child abuse . 
  in those cases the response is generally the same for roma and non-roma kids , that is to say ineffectual , long procedure , bouncing files from school to social services to whatever child protection agency until they leave school and are no longer children . 
  i guess i did n't answer your very relevant question at all , but i did get a chance to rant a bit about my usual work related frustrations . 
  when my hangover passes ( last day of school before winter holidays was yesterday ) i 'll have another look at this rant , and maybe edit in something more relevant . 
  still , you should not expect a proper answer , because neither i personally nor we as a society have a good answer to that important question . 
  a key variable is missing . 
  from my first hand experience , many or even most roma do very poorly in schools . 
  some do well , and can be among better students . 
  what seems to be a most important factor is the attitudes towards education they get from home and neighbourhood surroundings . 
  most come in and keep the attitude that school is not for them , and they are not for school . 
  poor results follow , reinforcing that attitude in a vicious spiral . 
  so they just keep at it for a legal minimum . 
  some even come in never intending to finish elementary school and state it outright . 
  even some who are interested get little to no support from home , and if they are required to work may be hindered . 
  they often show above average effort in class , high interest and capabilities . 
  however , they are still in a uphill struggle , often with poor learning conditions at home and parents unwilling or unable to aid them . 
  likely they are also looked down upon as either denying their heritage or as a kind of collaborators . 
  in sadly too rare cases when they have proper support , academically there is no difference between roma and majority students . 
  moving to uk would remove communal constaints , and if parents are willing and able to help them , there is no reason to expect lower results . 
  there are some programs of assigning study helpers to children that did n't give up but ca n't get much or any support and help at home . 
  they are woefully understaffed , underfunded and under-implemented , but show promise even though such help can not fully make up for home support most kids usually get . 
  still , i fear those programs are mostly symbolic . 
  i might have put across a wrong message . 
  from my perspective too many people are dicks . 
  still , i believe you can have a good time in croatia , and i certainly had a superb time in belgrade . 
  i 'm in fact looking forward to getting to know more of serbia . 
  as for croatians pointing how we are `` more advanced '' , they are dicks . 
  in fact , you have demonstrated a willingness to stand up to a dictator , something croatia is yet to do . 
  remember how there was that insignificant border dispute with slovenia ? 
  then we presented ourselves as decent neighbours , looking to help our southern and eastern neighbours in the process . 
  want to bet that when negotiations start something stupid will be found just to delay and frustrate them for a bit ? 
  i hope that i 'm wrong , but i 'm sure for many it 's not joining eu that matters , it 's joining eu before serbia . 
  kind of like that joke : `` i do n't mind that my cow is dead , by why is neighbours ' alive !? '', 
  i personally am for joining , but recent opinion polls put the support about or just shy of 50 % . 
  opponents are , however , much louder , so it looks like a dominant stance . 
  running joke is that any union we enter falls apart , referring first to yugoslavia , than hapsburg monarchy . 
  most are , i believe , still optimistic . 
  looking forward to free flow of goods and ( eventually ) labour , new opportunities , maybe a kick start to the dismal economy and hopefully some guidance and help in untangling out corruption system . 
  there are serious worries . 
  i 'm not thinking about `` loosing national identity '' , what ever that is , or surrendering a bit of national sovereignty . 
  but those are the loudest shouting points of nationalistic opponents . 
  worries are about austerity that would be imposed , particularly as they are likely to be in misdirected neoliberal form , hitting those already hurting most . 
  they are right - never forget !, 
  [ 18th brumaire for starters . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/18_brumaire ) it was kristallnacht in 1938 , today commemorated as international day against fascism and antisemitism . 
  if that is not importan enough , on 9th of november the berlin wall fell , certainly a global event . 
  hmmm , that seems like a lot of counter-revolutionary events . 
  no wonder americans remember it , 
  in repeating not-new but recently popular theme of the `` end of marriage between capitalism and democracy '' , the article goes a bit astray . 
  sovereign governments do n't really have much to do with democracy , and the sovereignty is ever more explicitly limited from the end of second world war , and for sure from helsinki accords in 1975 . 
  and that is not a bad thing at all . 
  economic sovereignty , that it focuses on , is even more questionable and could be considered a leftover from 19th century nation-building . 
  if capitalism is used to legitimise democracy , than it 's not eu , greece or ireland that started the `` divorce '' . 
  it was , authoritarian capitalism or in popular euphemism `` capitalism with asiatic values '' . 
  that was the form that broke a fukuyamaist dream , mainly by not changing drastically and staying efficient . 
  in short , we do n't have to be democratic to be ( economically ) efficient . 
  if , as is the case in this article , democracy is used to legitimise capitalism , than the question of non-capitalist democracy comes up . 
  there is no clear , positive answer to that . 
  but there are clear negative ones . 
  while the author questions democracy primarily on the matter of sovereignty , it is peripheral . 
  from a radically democratic standpoint , what we have is questionably democratic . 
  representative democracy could be a precondition for full democracy , but is not sufficient . 
  if understood as `` rule of the populace '' , demos kratos , it should include meaningful local , workplace and communal rule . 
  i completely agree about the injustice , inequalities are one manifestation of those injustices . 
  i would also agree with your solution , but i do n't have a clue about how it could be achieved . 
  now , i 'm not saying that it is an excuse not to search for an answer , just that i do n't have it . 
  we seem to have similar values and judgements about walls and what they do and represent . 
  i do have to defend my initial post about effectiveness of walls and gdr .
