  before the wall was put up the rate of emigration from gdr was unsustainable and accelerating . 
  with the wall it almost stopped , what was almost a mass exodus became a trickle of exceptions . 
  i do n't know if gdr would collapse because of emigration , but ulbricht was certainly convinced that it would . 
  in fact , he even forced hruschov to approve it by hinting at closing the borders . 
  that in turn accelerated the emigration to the point where it was really a clear choice between the wall and the collapse . 
  i would think that without the wall , gdr would at least be less stable and maybe collapse sooner . 
  all the other repressive measures you mention were in place before and after the wall , and the regime was in the long run unsustainable . 
  but the wall worked in the sense that the collapse was not caused by the emigration , that in fact did almost stop . 
  the whole system was not only ineficiant but also overly repressive and that caused the problem of emigration in the first place . 
  what the wall did do , and do successfully , is stop the emigration . 
  it was in the first place needed because of all the other problems and became a strong symbol of them . 
  the wall worked , the gdr did not . 
  i guess we are back to the current trench and fences in a way . 
  like the wall they ca n't and do n't even attempt to solve the main problem - injustice . 
  they `` solve '' the consequence of those injustices , not nearly as successfully as the gdr did , and stay as a symbol of those injustices , but unfortunately all to often ignored . 
  that 's why this one is a trench . 
  walls are not a sustainable solution to anything , especially in the ever more connected world . 
  they are also repugnant , at least as a symptom of the serious problem . 
  but , i would n't say that they do n't work . 
  east german wall did stop the emigration almost completely and avoided the collapse of gdr because of it . 
  it did later collapse but for different reasons , and the opening of the borders in hungary with the sudden mass movement was than more of a consequence than cause of gdr collapse . 
  american fence is far less effective , but it almost certainly does make illegal crossing harder , therefore more expensive for immigrants ( in money and in risk terms ) and so very probably does reduce the immigration . 
  immigration is a consequence of gross inequalities and it is unlikely to stop while its causes persist . 
  walls can slow it down , but also more likely to ferment the problem and lead to the more acute manifestations . 
  still , often invisible inequalities are given a strong symbol in such a wall and i 'd say that they are a big `` failure here '' sign . 
  oh yeah , but this is a trench . 
  i guess the same applies , and maybe the visibility is the biggest functional difference to the fence or the wall . 
  it would be more accurate if i had stated `` extreme right ideology '' up there , not just right ideology . 
  but i would n't say that he choose right extremism to go with his lunacy . 
  i do n't want to guess too much about said lunacy development , but it 's highly unlikely that it preceded his ideology . 
  more likely they developed together . 
  also , i would doubt he wanted to fight for the `` underdogs '' . 
  if he had anything like the consistent worldview it would be very difficult to be on the side of `` superior race and nation '' and underdog at the same time . 
  he might have felt they were suppressed , under-represented , but that all had to be a temporary condition for him . 
  if he did consider himself to be in some way marginalised , be it by the left or by the immigrants , than the extreme right rhetoric is even more relevant as a motive and cause . 
  in that case , it would basically come down to the class issue , and right is about nothing if not misrepresenting it as a national , racial , political issues . 
  finally , of course , left also had its share of lunatics . 
  both individual and collective , state and non-state actors . 
  it goes for any extreme worldview . 
  the big difference is , that while the extreme left can and often is tied with national and racial hatred , it is not an integral part of that ideology , in fact it goes against it on the most basic level . 
  good , and not enough . 
   yet breivik himself clearly saw his massacre as a political act , as the logical conclusion of the ideology he adhered to . 
  it 's not that just he himself saw his massacre as the logical conclusion of the right ideology , it is its logical conclusion . 
  firstly , reinforcing the otherness of immigrants makes them , in that worldview , a potential targets . 
  they might not be presented as non-humans or even a-bit-less-humans , but are viewed as substantially different . 
  secondly , the `` demographic warfare '' , `` europe under attack '' is nothing but the call for violence . 
  after all , if they believe they are under genuine attack , it 's unlikely they will `` turn the other cheek '' . 
  both points clearly enable violence , both systemic non-physical and such bloody outbursts . 
  that the targets here were not immigrants directly should not be surprising . 
  if he wanted to wage a race war , whom he saw as `` traitors '' would be his victims , aided by the political polarisation . 
  also , integral to the right wing is the superiority of in-group . 
  with that , it 's conceivable he did n't think the immigrants have a potential to endanger `` his vision '' of europe without `` white , civilised man '' guiding and aiding them . 
  maybe the conclusions , left should n't get political points from this tragedy , holds . 
  but the opposite does n't . 
  extreme right , it seems obvious , should not just `` loose points '' but its bacis themes and rhetoric should loose much if not all of legitimacy in the public sphere . 
  not that some ban would be good , they are already careful to bury the real open hate-speech and calls to violence , but that the public should strive for the better understanding of its consequences and reject it . 
  from [ here  ( http://mashable.com/2011/07/22/norway-shootings-suspects-social-media-trail-examined/ )  according to multiple news reports in norway and sweden , brievik belonged to oslo 's extreme right wing . 
  [ ... ]  in breivik 's facebook account , now removed , the suspect identifies himself as a christian conservative . 
  however , that was far from his only interest . 
  breivik also listed himself as a fan of world of warcraft , modern warfare 2 , bodybuilding and stock analysis . 
  why do i have a feeling that when time comes for rationalisations of the tragedy , religious fundamentalism is going to be all but ignored , right wing extremism will be present but not prominent , but the games ... 
  i would n't be surprised if he put up the two very popular games just to give his right populist buddies a straw man . 
  but , as far as i 'm concerned , anyone who tries to swing that away from the political motivations or to rationalise the mass murder of children because of the political affiliation in camp organization , can in advance go fuck himself . 
  it would be akin to moral accomplice . 
  many thanks op , \u017di\u017eek is always interesting and stimulative . 
  downloading now , looking forward to watching later . 
  i 'll try to be short , so i 'll write just about serbs , croats and bosniaks . 
  first , and most importantly , do n't put much weight on oft repeated `` old ethnic hatreds '' , because while convenient that view is thoroughly discredited . 
  ethnic tensions emerged in times of crisis in ethnically mixed areas . 
  that is mostly bosnia and hercegovina and parts of croatia . 
  both have , for a variety of historical reasons , a large native serb population . 
  now , the kingdom of yugoslavia ( first yugoslavia ) was formed after the first world war but ideologically and intellectually it was based on yugoslavism developed during the 19th century . 
  as it happened , it was mostly serb dominated state . 
  reasons are , initially that serbia led the unification , being on the side of victorious antante while croatia , slovenia and bosnia and hercegovina were parts of collapsed austria-hungary . 
  another reason was that at a time ideal of a stable and strong state was of unitary and homogeneous one , so attempts were made to achieve it on the basis of either serb or yugoslav ( that never really caught on , and anyway most people outside serbia did n't really see the difference ) identity . 
  that was one of the causes of underlying ethnic tensions that were horribly expressed during the second world war . 
  in april 1941 . 
  kingdom was militarily destroyed , parts occupied and parts divided between nationalistic quisling states . 
  on one side , independent state of croatia ( ndh ) , protectorate of italy and germany , took up a genocidal project directed mostly against serbs . 
  ndh included large parts of bosnia and hercegovina , and the idea was to make an ethnically clean state . 
  on the other side , serb chetniks started of as an army of an defeated kingdom but quickly turned to nationalistic force , doing their own genocide , directed mainly against croats and bosniaks in bosnia and hercegovina and to the lesser extent in croatia . 
  to that end , they also turned to collaboration with germans and italians . 
  during the second world war only the partisans , communist resistance , presented a option of different nations working together against foreign forces . 
  they got more of the popular support for that , and actively trying to stop ethnic violence where able , than for their communist ideology . 
  anyway , they took the power at the end of the war and declared a `` national question '' solved as a part of a class question . 
  in the socialist yugoslavia ( second yugoslavia ) nationalism was mostly taboo topic . 
  partly because it was a `` bourgeoisie ideology '' but mostly for the fear of reviving conflicts from the war . 
  as was the case before the war , so after it we ca n't talk about any large scale popular hatred between nations . 
  however , there were some national extremist , many in emigration that held on to it . 
  importantly , for many the idea of independent state was closely tied to the idea of ethnically clean one . 
  causes behind the break up of yugoslavia are complex and numerous , but let 's just say that the fall of communism made it possible while not causing it . 
  as independent states started to emerge , so did the idea of ethnically clean states . 
  it was relatively easy for extremist in belgrade to scare the croatian serbs with memory of ndh era violence . 
  extremists in zagreb certainly helped them along , with nationally exclusive speech and policy and a kind of rehabilitation of ndh . 
  what followed was a new war , with new ethnic violence and new ethnic cleansing . 
  i guess i did n't manage to be short . 
  but in conclusion , latest conflict was in part fuelled by the memory of previous one . 
  however we must view each through its own causes . 
  idea of old ethnic hatreds is an easy but ultimately wrong explanation . 
  before and between above mentioned times of conflicts were longer periods of peaceful coexistence and cooperation .
