lol , nice comparison . 
  i 'm sure we could find some if we really tried . 
  a story about how tito was not really yugoslav is not a new one . 
  usually , the story goes that he was really josip broz tito , born in kumrovec and so on , but was replaced by commintern sometime during 30s . 
  what exactly he did in moscow at the time is not very clear , so that opens some space for such tales , basically conspiracy theories . 
  however , there is no evidence for any of that , and i do n't see this as contributing any either . 
  there is nothing strange about the way he spoke , and it would be quite ridiculous to suggest that in all the time he ruled native speakers did n't suspect a thing , but clever cia figured him out through speech patterns . 
  and it is not like he kept everyone at bay at all times . 
  it would be quite impossible before 1941 , when communist party of yugoslavia operated illegally in yugoslavia . 
  equally impossible during the war . 
  in fact , a rather small , tight knit cpy leadership developed very personal and friendly relations between them in that time , and that carried through in later years . 
  a good illustration is how he was referred to by them , as `` drug stari '' or `` comrade old-man '' . 
  our version : it does n't bother me that my cow died , but that neighbor 's is alive . 
  oh yes , both croatian and serbian nationalist narrative is that yugoslavia was against their nation . 
  that is why , when i teach about croatian history in yugoslavia , i basically teach yugoslav history . 
  doing separate national histories almost inevitably distorts the picture . 
  there were calls among the usual homophobes ( football hooligans , far right nationalists ) to ignore the parade . 
  considering the petition for a referendum , pressure against sex-ed in schools , the general ongoing conservative reaction , i would not speak of reduced homophobia , or even acceptance , too soon . 
  it seems to me that they have understood that being violent gains them hatred and lgbt activist and supporters sympathy . 
  therefore they try to play victims now . 
  it was especially obvious with activist collecting signatures for homophobic referendum . 
  sure , some were attacked or verbally abused , and that violence against them was also to be condemned . 
  however , i considered that violence defensive , if misguided in its execution . 
  even when not physically attacked lgbts are faced with systematic violence , and signature collections stands were both the visible points , working not so much towards immediate reduction of rights and equality , as towards generating social rejection of alternate sexualities . 
  those are quite popular around these parts . 
  it is mostly connected to the mistaken idea that second world war croatian quislings ( usta\u0161e ) were proper croatian patriots . 
  that image was reinforced during the wars in early 90s , with stances ranging from minimising or denying their genocide against serbs to even approving of it . 
  the `` logic '' , if we can even call it that , is something like : yugoslav communism was anti-croatian . 
  usta\u0161e / nazis were against both communism and yugoslavia . 
  therefore , nazism is croatian patriotism . 
  but just one tome , what a rip-off . 
  i find the child hunger one especially depressing . 
  there is no reason for it , anywhere , but in the advanced industrial society not even a flimsy explanation ( justification ) is possible . 
  however , most still insist on viewing this kind of disasters as if they were natural ones , an earthquake or a hurricane . 
  the current socio-economic system is not inherently flawed , just some kinks need to be ironed out . 
  because there is no one to point a finger at , no one is to blame . 
  and because results of the `` game '' are unpredictable for any one individual , it is a system of opportunity and freedom , even though as groups poor stay poor or get poorer , with less possibilities . 
  it is not natural , but man made , and is not a disaster but a crime against humanity . 
  ca n't go wrong with andri\u0107 . 
  but i wonder how much is lost in translation , because a large part of what makes him specific is his vocabulary . 
  i know that `` na drini most '' would be a different work than `` na drini \u0107uprija '' . 
  i 'm also not a linguist , but am in a close enough area to follow it . 
  those linguist that work from state and nationalist positions , naturally enough , claim different languages . 
  those working in scientific mainstream in linguistics , not within single national framework , speak of single language with multiple standards . 
  that does n't deny national individuality in language , or the rights of every nation-state to legislate its own standard language . 
  but it also does n't proscribe the vocabulary , but rather describes it . 
  there are , of course , different words . 
  that 's not the point . 
  there are different words within , for example , croatian dialects , but that does n't make them different languages . 
  consider it simply like this , where can you functionally completely understand the language , that you have n't made any effort to learn ? 
  [ i like this example of language differences . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zepes.jpg ) ( for those few that do n't speak croatian/bosniak/serbian , it is a tri-lingual health warning on cigarettes . 
  it is tri-lungual , even though not one letter differed . ), 
  more seriously , they can hardly really be considered different languages , most of all because understanding between them is complete . 
  i like the approach by snje\u017eana kori\u0107 , who following common practice in linguistics , talks about one language with four different , official standards : croatian , serbian , bosniak and montenegrin.that itself is not unprecedented , for example with two standards for both english and german . 
  1848 , 1918 and 1941/45 . 
  inclusion of me\u0111imurje to croatia , temporarily in 1848 , more permanently in 1918 , and hungarian annexation of me\u0111imurje and baranja in 1941 , with liberation in 1945 . 
  if they are , it is definitely not a marxist agenda . 
  this `` new '' class system is slightly modified ( simplified and reduced ) erikson-goldthorpe schemata , that itself is fundamentally a weberian functional class system . 
  they can use the term `` proletariat '' as much as they want , it does n't make it a marxist scheme if ownership of the means of production and position in labour relations are not primary . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  what we are seeing , and what we might yet see , is very far removed from fascism , enough that using the name or some variation ( post - , ur - ) might be counterproductive . 
  part of that is also an overuse of `` fascist '' name calling , especially in 60s and 70s . 
  but , worryingly , today it makes a lot of sense to read up on fascism . 
  i 've started reading some early frankfurt school with that in mind . 
  also , [ ur-fascism by umberto eco ] ( http://www.pegc.us/archive/articles/eco_ur-fascism.pdf ) ( pdf ! ), 
  is an essay i return to occasionally and you might enjoy as well . 
  as far as our culture is at risk , is is from useless idiots such as yourself , rather than from useful ones as you so kindly describe me . 
  it is an impoverished europe that depends on notions of race and nation , an europe that has nothing worthwhile to offer . 
  if we are to be proud of our european heritage , we should first look to the ( never completely fulfilled ) promise of * libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 * and derived traditions . 
  burying that best of what europe has ( had ) to offer out of petty fears and hatreds is the end of our culture , as it was 80 years ago . 
  i 'd say that large scale violence is already a feature of migrant crisis . 
  detentions , often long term , are violent and applied to some 600.000 per year makes them large scale . 
  furthermore , going on unsafe , overcrowded boats , being confined around calais or at serbian-macedonian border , making large parts of the journey from syria to serbia on foot , all that is being exposed to violence . 
  outside of occasional reports on said boats , or from some area of confinement , reporting is usually quite sterile , so if we do n't want to know we can keep the awareness of violence at bay . 
  see for example discussions in this very subreddit . 
  if you are asking if large scale direct violence by some sort of mobs against migrants is possible , unfortunately it appears to be so . 
  consider , in this very thread , comments such as by / u/number1kremlin _ shill that are all but openly nazist , and the explicit of more often implicit support such views get from media and governments : reports of migrants ( unwittingly or not ) financing isis by paying for transport , fears of sleeper agents infiltration or islamization of europe , orbans ' fence ... as long as people are on the move for their very lives , fleeing war , poverty or droughts / climate change , they will not be stopped . 
  violence , constrained as it is now or extreme , can only slow the movement , at a great human price . 
  [ it does ] ( http://en.closethecamps.org/2014/12/18/the-pricipal-spaces-of-detention/ ) , detaining [ as much as 600.000 per year , often for long periods ] ( http://www.sos-europe-amnesty.eu/in-detention-in-europe-facts-and-figures/ ) . 
  does that include some [ 600.000 immigrants detained yearly ] ( http://www.sos-europe-amnesty.eu/in-detention-in-europe-facts-and-figures/ ) in one of [ more than 400 ] ( http://en.closethecamps.org/2014/12/18/the-pricipal-spaces-of-detention/ ) camps across europe ? 
  i 'll assume you are willing to question ( not necessarily give up on ) your assumptions and engage in a decent conversation . 
  also , for convenience i 'll address you points from bottom up . 
  laptopzombie is quite right here , what someone would-have could-have done is not a valid excuse or justification in any consistent ethical system . 
  but mostly i 'd like to point out that i have heard exactly the same argument/justification coming from hercegovina , used mostly towards bo\u0161njaks but also towards serbs . 
  stories like that , accompanied by numerous rumours , were very widespread and can be found in most areas where ethnic cleansing ( i 'll use that sanitized term ) was at its worst . 
  furthermore , being armed very much does matter , in fact it is one of the main differences between civilians and military ( one of , not that there are not armed civilians or disarmed soldiers ) . 
  finally , number of srebrenica victims is not inflated , and is also not the most important thing . 
  jasenovac numbers , however , are inflated . 
  by now , victims are mostly identified individually and by name , and the number is just over 90.000 ( some of those jews and roma , some communist regardless of nationality , but mostly serbs ) . 
  that number is furthermore corroborated by historical-demographic research ( \u017derjavi\u0107 being the best example , and agreed upon in most normal parts of both serbian and croatian academia ) . 
  about how and why were the numbers inflated i 've written a bit [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/38kk2y/why_was_the_amount_of_yugoslavian_casualties_in/ ) , tl : dr being that it was used to cover up a discrepancy between reported and actual war death after the second world war . 
  nice tables , but still referring basically to just one example , that of europe in early 21st century . 
  it is not disputed that greece ran an unsustainable deficit , or that fundamental reforms are not needed ( something syriza itself keeps saying ) . 
  points of historical comparison that first come to mind are european reconstruction after second world war , reparations and debt after first world war ( including consequences of english and french debt ) , debt during great depression , debt of ex-socialist states in the 1990s , debts of latin american and african countries in second half of 20th century . 
  i am not familiar particulars of most of those cases , but they do seem worth looking into . 
  or not , we could just keep to the `` greece bad '' line . 
  since one of the often presented arguments around greek debt is moral ( and `` lazy greek '' trope lost some of its traction ) it is worth pointing out the inconsistencies in that . 
  related to that is an illustration of positive effects that large debt write-off can have . 
  finally , post-war germany is just one example of how sovereign debt is not always secure ( hence the risk and hence the interest on the loan ) .
