  in fact , sovereign defaults are as old as industrial capitalism - when initial profits were lent mostly to states of latin america and eastern europe , that defaulted . 
  so , no . 
  i would n't say it is idiotic to look into past examples of sovereign debt . 
  of course , each time and each situation is unique but history can still provide us with examples of what worked or what did n't in somewhat similar situation . 
  i know syriza includes communists , and as i 've written above it is in part inspired in its program by marxist analysis . 
  that however does not make it extreme left . 
  if it were to have a communist program and sought to implement such policies than extreme left would be applicable . 
  as it stands , and in what it tries to do , there is nothing radical or extreme about it . 
  as for the welfare state , a state 's share of gdp does not make it a welfare state . 
  easy , cheap or better free , access to basic social services ( education , health ) and social safety net is what would make it a welfare state . 
  interventions to lessen inequalities of opportunity would make it a welfare state . 
  all those things are on a decline . 
  collecting and than dispersing with funds through bailouts and more routine dealings with largest companies can make it perhaps a corporatist state , but not a welfare one . 
  in a single currency area and without any tariffs , and one that includes areas with large differences in wealth and consequently productivity ( or rather profitability ) , some solutions to predictable problems are needed . 
  free movement of goods and capital has very dire consequences when not accompanied by free movement of people . 
  and , even without legal limitations , people ca n't or wo n't move as easily as goods and capital . 
  mobility requires both social and actual capital ( education , language , money ) . 
  precisely people that would need mobility the most , usually lack all of those . 
  and besides , while labour mobility is a thing in europe , for those going from south and east to north and west most common prospects are in precarious work , often with antisocial work hours that local people tend to avoid . 
  eu and eurozone are effectively already a transfer union , if for nothing else than because its opening markets that can hardly compete on equal terms to unprecedented degree . 
  some corrective measures are hardly very radical . 
  in as much as syriza and particulary varuifakis , claim to be pro eu , it is exactly in that sense of making it sustainable . 
  what is extreme left about syriza ? 
  it plans no nationalizations , its programs are n't even really about reducing inequalities but just keeping them from growing further , it opposes complete destruction of remaining social safety net and at best strengthening it a bit . 
  that is a moderate left . 
  however , as for decades the centre parties across europe ( both so called left and right ) consistently stuck to very liberal economic policies , and in fact excluded economic policy from democratic process , now anything a bit left is designated as extreme . 
  if syriza is extreme left , what were bolsheviks ? 
  communist parties proper ? 
  hell , even social democrats before 1970s ? 
  varuifakis does openly declare himself as a marxist . 
  at the same time , he proclaims his goals as saving capitalism from itself , and consistently acts , or tries to , in that manner . 
  rational , stemming from his marxist analysis is that as there is no real left , and it would likely take decades to re-establish it , a crash of capitalism left to its own devices would likely lead to far right ( think orban , le pen , bnp and the like ) or even extreme right ( golden dawn , npd , etc. ), 
  it seems europe has shifted very much to the right . 
  not so long ago american political spectrum was shifted significantly to the right compared to europe . 
  but in less than a decade we caught up . 
  now we mostly accept the `` naturalness '' and `` scientificity '' of markets as gospel . 
  any proposals to reintroduce political economy and political checks on their function is termed populism , while meaningless elections between centre and centre we call democracy . 
  any , even so slight attempt to preserve the remnants of welfare state is extreme left ( to strengthen it would be outright revolution , i guess ) . 
  people are not disinterested in politics . 
  on the contrary , it seems that people are getting quite political due to economic crisis . 
  if we exclude arguably the largest influence on our daily life from politics and democratic decision making , we can hardly call what we have democratic except on some symbolic level . 
  as centre is unwilling or unable to address economy , sudden and significant shifts are likely . 
  personally , i 'd rather it be to moderate ( what we now call extreme ) left , than to far right , that we have mostly normalised across europe . 
  i really ca n't understand why is this even an issue ? 
  what if he did flip germany a finger ? 
  are we in some kindergarten , so any slightly obscene gesture becomes such a big deal ? 
  and what will the next non-issue be before debt can be seriously reconsidered , if it will ever be . 
  first and major point varoufakis is making , is that greece just plain and simple ca n't return the debt in full . 
  it 's not a matter of will , or political orientation , it is just impossible . 
  running it completely into economic and social ruin , worsening the already severe humanitarian crisis is not going to change that ( v is for vengeance it seems , or vergeltung whatever number is next , v4 or v5 ) . 
  and that is nothing new or unique , lending implies a risk . 
  greece got credits with significant interest ( measure of said risk ) . 
  if full economic and political power of eu and more is used to extract this debt , than what legitimised high interest ? 
  sometimes , the mutually beneficial option is to forget or at least reprogram the debt . 
  i guess it is a bit embarrassing that germany not so long ago is a good example of debt forgiveness benefits . 
  finally , should not the creditors pay some care when lending ? 
  where where their checks and assessments while lending at high interest ( implying high risk , remember ) ? 
  greek case is certainly not the first time sovereign debts ca n't be repayed , and it likely wo n't be the last . 
  happened after initial industrialisation in england , when all those enormous extra profits were invested in southamerican and easteuropean states , that could n't return them . 
  capitalists than at least behaved like capitalist should , accepted the loss and invested into railways at home next . 
  there are many more examples of loans going bad . 
  but now we are supposed to accept that no price ( in real human suffering ) is to great to honour the debt ? 
  why ? 
  as with the bailouts after 2008 , if profits are privatised , why should losses be socialised . 
  risk implies a possibility of failure , a capitalist enterprise implies a possibility of failure as well as success . 
  yes , it is hyperbolic ( sort of like comparing working with vacations ) , but the principle is much the same - bring in cheap labour . 
  however , the point is not quite moot . 
  see for example here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrbdhfl07hs&amp;index=4&amp;list=plzghkb8i9vtxldcgnpeghd9gbll5vk0lw tl ; dw would be gross inequalities in pension rights , earned in same workplaces , based solely on nationality , actively preventing `` guest workers '' from going home . 
  current generations further more have it , if anything , even worse . 
  as an example , cheap production of vegetables in spain is dependent on illegal immigrant labour , that are often `` found out '' and expelled right before their last wages are due . 
  less extreme , and legal , is immigrant labour in general . 
  [ sort of like this , you mean ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forced_labour_under_german_rule_during_world_war_ii ) and even after the war , it is not like france , germany and others did n't need cheap labour power , many of whom are now facing greater restrictions in their retirement rights than natives doing the same work in the same time . 
  or that similarly low paying jobs are n't filled in the same way now ( see for example cities in england , germany , switzerland , france ... ) connecting all that together are inevitable problems that some with free movement of goods and capital but restricted movement of people . 
  countries that admitted larger numbers of foreign workers did so , naturally enough , for their own interests . 
  many of those were continuously and are currently discriminated against . 
  you can call that significant contribution to post-war `` economic wonders '' vacations , and openly advocate even worse discrimination . 
  but , please , do n't make it out to be some grand altruistic gesture . 
  maybe he was referring to 1990s ? 
  what he describes is much more similar , in fact almost identical . 
  only sane solution now is to liberate belgium , or at least bomb it a bit . 
  we could discuss why second and third generations of immigrants find themselves rejected by cultures they considered their own , how groups are marginalised economically and socially , how that leads to frustration and how in that context a very small part of that group gets radicalised . 
  in short , we could show empathy , not for attackers themselves , but for groups they come from . 
  but , that would be crazy . 
  better to bomb belgium . 
  worked for libya in a similar situation in 1986 . 
  conspiracy during the trial was considered as developing alongside oluja , not as an operation itself . 
  so , even if the verdict was guilty and its existence affirmed , it would not de-legitimise the operation and war itself . 
  they would be parallel , but not the same thing . 
  as the process was misrepresented in croatian media like it was about war in general or oluja as a whole , so are these verdicts misrepresented . 
  it is , and was , about their official responsibility for not preventing or even encouraging war crimes . 
  even with them not guilty , it of course does not mean there were no crimes , it does not even mean they were not implicitly and sometime explicitly encouraged . 
  this verdict should be considered side by side with recent verdict about keresinec camp . 
  yes , croatian courts did proclaim responsible persons guilty , but sentences are an insult . 
  tortures , imprisonments and rape of both war prisoners and civilians was sentenced less severely than some traffic accidents . 
  we are obviously neither ready nor willing to process the guilty ourselves , and therefore can not complain when international courts do that . 
  but , those are the best parts . 
  i enjoy those desserts ( although , i only had them in their bosnian variety , which i do believe is very similar or identical ) very much , and the coffee is by far the best as turkish . 
  most important point the author makes is that long , elaborate ones are meaningless , seldom or never used in anger . 
  they are more of a joke .
