  i do n't say it might be possible these guys were n't refugees and the passports might have been planted but i do n't think so . 
  anyway we can only speculate now , time will show . 
  of course they wanted that , check out my other comment , it 's a standard procedure to carry your passport as a suicide bomber , the most important reason here is these people are now celebrities in some circles , do you really think many people want to accomplish suicide missions anonymously ? 
  they 're freaking rocks stars of the south now ... 
  same happened with 9/11 guys , airplanes completely destroyed & passports found just fine . 
  many people ask how come 2 passports survived suicide bombings , i ca n't really tell as i 'm not an expert , but remember that on 9/11 `` passports of two other hijackers , ziad jarrah and saeed al-ghamdi , were recovered from the crash site of united airlines flight 93 in pennsylvania '' also `` the passport of satam al-suqami was reportedly recovered `` a few blocks from where the world trade center 's twin towers once stood '' ( source : wikipedia ) . 
  i 'd say if you 're doing stunt like this you generally want to be recognized and known ( kind of a hero to your own people ) . 
  also , if it was possible to retrieve passports from that : http://stj911.org/evidence/docs/p200059_1.jpg we have every reason to think these passports were somehow prepared for such circumstances . 
  shit brother , why so hateful , i 've been to the uk many times , once even working there ( british recruiter literally dragged my ass over there for a month because they could n't find a man for the job - i was working in it at the time ) and , honestly , i 'm polish myself but i personally do n't like most of the poles and polish culture that much ( i guess that 's kind of a polish thing ) , but after seeing what i 've seen in your country i can , objectively , say the polish immigration is the best thing that could 've happened to you and your economy in the last decade or so . 
  i have tons of friends and family members who live in total shitholes in the uk , they all work really hard , do shitty jobs , pay taxes , live there and many of them do n't even send cash back poland anymore . 
  compare this to the other minorities in your country and chill , 
  it would n't have happened if we were n't forced to accept the quotas even if vast majority of poles was against it in the first place . 
  but whatever , call poles racist , call orban an idiot , enjoy the bombings . 
  i hope you will open your eyes sooner or later . 
  always !, 
  10 nok for cheesburger i assume , what can you get for 20 ? 
  i 've been to copenhagen lately and it was so expensive to me ( i know it 's still better than norway ) that i basically ate cheesburgers most of the time because i could n't afford almost anything else outside , damn eastern european salaries . 
  they 're even bigger !, 
  norway is crazy price-wise , for 150 nok i can get 4 proper lunches in poland :(, 
  http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/07/39/25/a2/beef-kebab-on-a-plate.jpg this is what 4.7 eur can get you in warsaw , poland . 
  actually my favourite cheap dinner , when i 'm not super hungry i order one for me and my girlfriend and it 's more than enough for us both . 
  also , the quality is superior , and this is served at kebab place , that looks and feels more like restaurant . 
  actually thankful to be polish , shit 's got worse when i 'm abroad and everything is so expensive . 
  both my grandparents were helping the jews during the ii ws , when the nazis found out they sent them to auschwitz , my grandfather survived , grandmother died in brzezinka . 
  70 years fast forwad , i 'm in warsaw , visiting polin museum of the history of polish jews , the most expensive museum in polish history ( 90m usd , and poland alone covered about half of the cost ) , as i walk around and see lots of preteen/teen jews who look at me like i 'm a nazi myself , they treat the non-jewish workers of the museum like they 're despicable and pathetic , i feel like they 're not even allowed to talk to us but when they just shout at poles , for fuck 's sake , what 's wrong with you guys ... 
  can i get other source than this ? 
  because i 've been googling for a while ( also in polish ) and there 's nothing about it , looks fake ... 
  luckily there are still beautiful , peaceful and progressive places like germany where everyone wants and is allowed to live , illegally or not , 
  i feel like everyone is missing the point , we 're talking about `` greedy cheating corporations '' , `` tests conducted in unrealistic conditions '' , `` inaccurate tests '' , `` people who do n't know how to drive and have heavy feet '' , while the problem is really , really simple and comes down to five things : euro 1 , euro 2 , euro 3 , euro 4 and euro 5 . 
  there is only one unrealistic thing in all these cases and it 's called european emission standards . 
  everyone who has any knowledge of engines knows it 's a fact and honestly even all the corporations have been talking about it for over a decade now , 20 years ago if car was consuming 7 liters on paper it was the truth , everything changed with euro 4 and euro 5 is the blast , fuck yeah , low emissions and engines that wear off at 40k kms ... 
  i guess this is an american thing , because peugeots ( the cars ! ), 
  are literally all over the europe ? 
  most poles would say the usa in a blink of an eye but i do n't think it 's the case , if shits hit the fan i ca n't see to be standing next to anyone else than our czech , slovak , hungarian , lithuanian and slovenian brothers . 
  if eu ends one day i do think we should create one for our own . 
  latvia , estonia , croatia , bulgary , romania and possibly ukraine are always welcome among us . 
  i 'd love to see the uk with us as this is a place very close to our hearts here in poland and generally it became our own `` polish island '' lately . 
  the countries we will most likely always see as enemies are russia and belarus , sorry guys , not your fault , blame your governments :(, 
  stop panicking , you 're glad you live in europe yet i 'm pretty much sure trump will not harm us more than merkel already did ... 
  i 've been to barcelona this summer and everyone was recommending la boqueria but the place was full of tourists and expensive as fuck . 
  i think i checked every stand there . 
  maybe it 's cheap if you 're living in spain and have access to a kitchen , i was looking for something ready to eat and it was hard to find anything for under 5 $ ( stupid 200ml juices were like 3-5 $ :p ) . 
  luckily there was a pasteleria north from the la boqueria , i ca n't recall it 's name now , but it 's a franchise i guess and they had fucking marvelous croissants and other pastry products for as cheap as 0.5 $ . 
  what was strange , because these are much more expensive where i live ( although everything else is like 3 times cheaper ) . 
  can you give some more info on what and where you eat ? 
  i 'm able to live a day on $ 3 but in poland easily , but once i went to spain it did n't look that way and i 'm not another stupid tourist but a backpacker with tight budget . 
  and even prices in supermarkets were way higher than in poland . 
  that 's what you can get for $ 5 in warsaw at a restaurant : https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/07/39/25/a2/beef-kebab-on-a-plate.jpg i 've been to barcelona , madrid , valencia and a few other cities and could n't find anything close to it under $ 10 . 
  any hints ? 
   integration only occurs if you do n't let them mass in one small area . 
  spot on !, 
  but it 's a bit tricky sometimes , some cultures are so closed , rigid and detached from reality ( at least `` our '' description of `` reality '' ) that even allowing one single family in might end up with them not integrating . 
  that 's the problem with gypsy societies we have in poland , even if there 's only five them in town of 50,000 - if their `` head of the family '' says `` you will not go to school '' they will simply obey . 
  i 'm afraid it might be very similar with muslims , i do n't say they 're worse than us but their culture is definitely rigid . 
  i would n't use `` very odd '' in this occasion , more `` frightening '' ... what 's happening to ya , germany , again ? 
  i ca n't wrap my head around this kind of thinking , why are we the ones responsible for educating people who we 're already helping ? 
  this is madness . 
  also how would you educate millions of people who lived their whole lives in totally different cultures ? 
  it 's been almost 30 years of freedom in poland and i 'd say many poles , especially the older ones are still brainwashed to the bone , we have problems western countries do not and they will never understand them ( eg . 
  our view of government ) . 
  if these people are going to integrate it 's not going to happen overnight , from my own experience two or three generations at minimum , and if you come from totally different culture you might never integrate . 
  for example vietnamese and chinese integrate pretty darn well in poland ( second generation of them and they 're basically poles and if not their looks you 'd never say they came from 5000 kms away ) , but i also had some gypsy neighbors who are polish for hundreds of years and they barely knew our language , also they were not the only ones , many if not most of them do n't integrate here at all . 
  well , i 'm bi , have gay friends and family members and i 'm short so i guess i 'm not that clueless after all . 
  i can give you many examples of how short people are discriminated , sometimes it 's even worse than being obese and almost all obese people are like that because of the way they live , and i ca n't change how tall i am . 
  also , of course lgbt people suffered from discrimination before marches , but these marches do not help them at all . 
  most my gay friends thinks they actually hurt them and they do not have anything to do with them , same goes for feminists and their marches . 
  haha :d, 
  it 's not about gay people , r/europe bashes polish people at daily basis , we 're not popular , not progressive enough . 
  generally if you 're not a leftie there 's no place for you here . 
  and poles know like no other nation in europe what lefties are capable of , 
  there was one other sub that was actually praising poland , but it 's gone ... 
  as a pole i 'm really tired of bashing poland here . 
  note i 'm bisexual and my only brother is gay , he 's living in a fairly big city in poland ( ~ 200k inhabitants ) and generally leads a happy life , it changes absolutely nothing in our family , his childhood friendships are intact etc. 
  i have a girlfriend and not many people know i 'm bisexual , so i 'm not talking about myself here , but of course i know many lgb people . 
  the main problem lies somewhere else and my brother and most of our gay friends support this view . 
  and this problem is manifestation . 
  i mean , why the fuck would i want to go out on the streets and tell the whole world `` hey look at me i 'm bisexual ! '' . 
  it 's beyond me . 
  you 're a gay ? 
  be a gay . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  why the hell would anyone care ? 
  most poles work so much we do n't even have time for our own families and someone tries to convince the world we really care whether someone from somewhere likes girls , boys , or both ? 
  really ? 
  nope . 
  so please , do as you please , but these marches are the stupidest thing you can actually do . 
  i 'm 5 feet 7 inches ( ~ 170 cm ) and it 's been a bigger issue for me than being bi , i 'd say even being gay would be much nicer than being short . 
  and i 'm even more discriminated in western countries , where girls and guys are much taller than me ( maybe excepting spain and italy ) , so what ? 
  should i make a movement , go shout `` i am short and i love myself , look at me , accept me '' ? 
  no , thank you , i choose to live my life and give no fucks . 
  if you care so much about your human rights you can always find something , life is really brutal and if you are ugly enough you will have a hard time finding a job , ever . 
  same goes for short people , handicapped folks , people of color ( especially if you 're muslim lately or gypsy ) etc. 
  tl ; dr `` rising hostility '' is bullshit in the title , trying to discredit poland . 
  if you 're lgb do n't take part in these marches . 
  if you 're t you do n't even have to because everyone will notice anyway . 
  if you kiss passionately in public place in poland it 's considered not appropriate even if you 're a guy kissing a girl , nothing to do with gays . 
  `` no hate speech '' here but try googling `` merkel jest '' ( merkel is ) in polish google . 
  glorious nation , we are . 
  every single tree in bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest has been carefully tracked since 1936 ( thanks to bogdan brzeziecki ) and looks like it 's not that simple . 
  not a single pine tree was able to regrow in the last 80 years .
