kusk came to swedish from german and in turn from hungarian kocsi/kolsi which according to some comes from the village kocs . 
  if it makes you feel better , we used to use them in swedish too but got rid of them . 
  some say to distance ourselves from danish . 
  you 'd also make a lousy italian . 
  also worth noting are [ raoul wallenberg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raoul_wallenberg ) and [ folke bernadotte ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/folke_bernadotte ) . 
   former k.u.k crew . 
  every single time i play euiv i giggle when i see austria 's k.u.k army ( kuk means cock in swedish ) . 
  venice is a great city to visit for a day , but not much more than that . 
  i could never imagine living in it for example . 
  verona on the other hand seemed like a nice city to live in . 
  padova i also like a lot . 
  i definitely agree that veneto is amazing and neglected ( in comparison to venice ) . 
  still have to visit treviso , vicenza and rovigo . 
  we have the worst geographical position . 
  enemies all around , no allies . 
  we only did what you , us and denmark did in both world wars : declare neutrality and wait the storm out . 
  you would 've both remained neutral had n't germany invaded your ass . 
  all subs from that class are accounted for though . 
  except for the first one that sunk in a collision , yet the one found was not damaged in any way . 
  discarding the 12 or so that was discovered in ancient times , there were 12 elements discovered before 1776 ( phosphorus , cobalt , platinum , nickel , bismuth , magnesium , hydrogen , oxygen , nitrogen , chlorine , manganese and barium ) . 
  there are 118 elements , which means that 94 of those 118 elements were discovered after 1776 . 
  roughly . 
  i do n't know much about chemistry , i only know google . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_chemical_element_discoveries, 
  really ? 
  then why is yttrium marked as finnish despite being discovered by a finno-swede , using a sample from a swedish village , in 1794 when finland was still part of sweden ? 
  seems weird to put a finnish flag on it when it was discovered long before finland even became its own country . 
  some 123 years before independence . 
  almost surprised by italy . 
  when i was there just a week or so ago it seemed like everyone was smoking . 
  holy hell serbia though . 
   source : [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics#recent_developments_in_unemployment_at_a_european_and_member_state_level )  eurostat estimates that 23.348 million men and women in the eu-28 , were unemployed in may 2015 . 
   compared with may 2014 , unemployment fell by 1 575 000 in the eu-28 and by 939 000 in the euro area . 
   the euro area seasonally-adjusted unemployment rate was 11.1 % in may 2015 , down from 11.6 % in may 2014 . 
   the largest decreases were registered in lithuania ( 11.0 % to 8.2 % ) , spain ( 24.7 % to 22.5 % ) and ireland ( 11.7 % to 9.8 % ) . 
   the increases were registered in belgium ( 8.4 % to 8.6 % ) , france ( 10.1 % to 10.3 % ) , romania ( 6.8 % to 7.1 % ) , austria ( 5.6 % to 6.0 % ) , and finland ( 8.6 % to 9.4 % ) . 
   compared with a year ago , the unemployment rate in may 2015 fell in twenty-two member states , increased in five and remained stable in cyprus . 
  sorry , just that my eyes could barely make sense of all the numbers and letters . 
  if the above linked diagram is correct then switzerland spends 7 times the amount of germany on rail per capita ( 49 $ for germany , 351 $ for switzerland ) so i would n't be too surprised if the swiss trains are superior . 
  i call you dutchland , if that makes you feel better . 
  our tap water kicks ass though . 
  to be fair though , you were getting involved in this matter , so it 's not critique about how you were isolationist or did n't get involved . 
  it 's a critique on how that involvement was handled . 
  your danish is a bit too intelligible , otherwise correct . 
  ran into a british family the other day at the marco polo airport ( venice ) while waiting in line for the check-in . 
  the mother loudly shouts `` i ca n't get through , he 's just standing there '' , half-expecting me not to understand english and then looks extremely annoyed at me when i turn around . 
  she then proceeds to form a new line next to the proper one and when she realizes that she 's standing wrong , she abruptly cuts in front of the next person and proceeds to take up the single check-in station for 20 minutes , with 70 people or so waiting behind , all of whom had been in line for far longer than her . 
  i guess the question is why they only had one check-in station open or why i did n't just do online check-in . 
  probably should 've avoided selling itself to slavery in the first place , if we 're gon na use that analogy . 
  clearly all people from germanic-speaking countries should use german and all people from romance-speaking countries should use italian/french or whatever . 
  i can speak with norwegians mostly without issue . 
  danish i need to concentrate and focus a lot in order to understand and even then i 'll understand maybe 50-75 % spoken . 
  both are fairly easy to understand written . 
  it takes concentration and effort to try to understand danish . 
  at least for me , though i 'm in no way exposed to it a lot . 
  speaking english to them is far more convenient . 
  norwegian is easier though so with them i speak swedish . 
  aww you find me aesthetically displeasing . 
  blame games and tv . 
  plus in my case i studied in us for 1.5 years so that might have something to do with it . 
   one thing for me , that always gets me is going to scandinavian countries , i feel like people just do n't talk to each other while out in public . 
   my absolute favorite part of it . 
  if i had to choose one i 'd pick the leopard . 
  besides the russian and chinese tanks it seems to be the least expensive one while still packing a real punch and together with the leclerc the potentially fastest of the bunch . 
  then again i know nothing about tanks and judged that based on the information given under the pictures . 
  no denmark , no stockholm , most of scania gone . 
  we 'd lose gotland and \u00d6land though which is regrettable but overall the pros outweigh the cons . 
  oh no problem at all , was just confused myself there for a bit  speaking just for myself , i do n't think there are many ( just as the studies are showing ) that oppose immigration in general but more certain kinds of immigration . 
  it 's just unfortunate that far too many times it 's been lumped together and spoken about as `` immigration '' rather than asylum/refugees , family/relatives immigration etc. 
  which in turn i personally find the most disturbing with the current political climate because if you 're of the opinion `` i have absolutely nothing against immigrants in general but we 're not integrating them well and the number of refugees are too high '' you either have to go as far as to vote for sd or drop that issue entirely . 
  i 'm certain there are many people who are in that moderate camp . 
  i also have a feeling that many of the more extreme people you 'll find on reddit , for example , started out that way but increasingly radicalized due to the polarization of the issue . 
  are you seeing something in the first study you linked that i do n't ? 
  because firstly i do n't find that conclusion in the linked study at all and secondly because sd got into parliament 2010 and the last year from which results are presented in that study is 2009 . 
  thus drawing the conclusion that since sd got into parliament , more people have become more positive towards immigration makes no sense . 
  i could be completely missing something though . 
  is that your own analysis of the results of the studies ( that more people have become more positive towards immigration since sd got into parliament ) or is it the conclusion of the researchers who did the study ? 
   the united states is unique in having both a very large population and an absolutely staggering number guns ( more than a quarter billion of them ) . 
  i have a feeling that if us ever ends up fracturing , it will end up being one hell of a civil war . 
  our vice prime minister recently said in a debate that europe is turning the mediterranean into auschwitz ( referring to the refugees traversing it in their vessels of mostly poor quality ) through apathy towards the situation and the refugees . 
  i 'd say that 's close to full retard . 
  if what they intend is to turn it into a struggle for power , a bit like socialists along the class lines back in the day , then why are they so adamant in dividing the `` battlefield '' along ethnic and gender lines ? 
  unless i 'm completely wrong , 95 % of all of us at least regardless of gender or ethnicity does n't actually have any real power . 
  that power , and money , is generally concentrated to a small amount of people . 
  i might be a white , heterosexual male but i have no more power than the middle-eastern muslim woman that lives in the other side of the joint apartment i live in . 
  i would love gladiatorial games to make a comeback . 
  under controlled forms , of course . 
  i mean we have mma and stuff like that . 
  just add swords , shields and such fun stuff . 
  perfect olympic sport . 
  true . 
  but it would still be better to have them concealed so you 're able to pick in peace without onlookers . 
  true . 
  last election i simply passed by town hall a week and a half before election and did it then . 
  very convenient . 
  though i dislike how you have to pick the `` cards '' for each party in such an open area . 
  i had to pick one of each in order to conceal my choice better . 
  my biggest issue with our system . 
  i have a feeling the need to register in order to vote , as compared to simply being allowed to vote by just showing up , and that older people are more `` established '' influences it a bit . 
  older people will have had many times to participate in the voting process in the past and have the added benefit of generally being more settled while younger people are in their period of finding out who they are , what they will do and where they will do it .
