yeah yeah , you interfered out of the goodness of your own heart right, 
  here we go with the `` we won the war for you ! '', 
  crap , do they seriously teach that nonsense in american schools ? 
  no wonder you all have the worst education ratings, 
  no u, 
  well then you should have said that, 
  that does n't make it right . 
  englishman here , never seen `` the spice bag '' before but it looks bloody delicious . 
  it 's like when you see a picture of fast food , and it looks disgusting , but you kinda know inside it 'd be delicious in real life . 
  obama 's just mad because we probably slapped his paw paw in chains or something . 
   the empire is gone and it 's not coming back i keep seeing this shit spouted by other europeans who think we want the `` good ol' days of the empire '' back and it 's so not true . 
  the only people you 'd hear saying that are the `` britain first '' nuts . 
  well , it 's a good guessing technique still . 
  if someone asked `` what does spanish sound like ? '', 
  you could guess `` i dunno , maybe similar to italian or catalan ? '', 
  and you 'd be sorta close . 
  absolutely rekt, 
  americans try too hard to be funny, 
  that 's funny , because i was actually calling someone out on / r/the _ donald and i was accused of being a muslim . 
  i think he 's truly quite moderate at heart . 
  disorganized, 
  thanks , for such a big fuss made over this i have n't been actually able to find any of the specifics . 
  seems a bit vague to be honest . 
  who judges what is or is n't `` exceptional levels of migration '' ? 
  the deal seems a bit weak as a whole . 
  i was expecting more and furthermore , the big daddy - border control - was n't mentioned . 
  i 've been to norway . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's lovely , but i 've been to nicer places in europe . 
   eurozone but why the fuck would we when that 's detrimental for us ? 
  do you have any proof for that ? 
   you recommend we shut the door for them all ? 
  yes . 
  britain has had a policy of `` do n't get fucking involved '' in europe for the last few hundred years . 
   i do n't drown in a huge victim complex of `` other europeans hate denmark '' because of that though . 
  mate , you might need your glasses changed if you ca n't see the amount of `` do n't let the door hit you on the way out ! '', 
  shit in this thread . 
  mate , we can sort all of those things out outside of the eu . 
  norway and switzerland collaborate on scientific eu projects . 
   peace progress with ireland may break down if we leave the eu you 've lost all credibility . 
  shut the hell up . 
  you 're all too dramatic . 
  nothing will `` go to shit '' . 
  the tradition comes from older times when markets were typically held on thursdays , and people would be in town anyway so they 'd go vote . 
  i think he was pointing out that denmark is also a fairly eurosceptic nation . 
  furthermore , if we leave and do well , the already eurosceptic countries like denmark will go `` hold on , they 're doing fine without the eu , ca n't we do the same ? '', 
  wot, 
  it would fuel the fires of eurosceptic movements in other nations . 
  `` they do n't have to put up with eu nonsense , yet they 're doing better than us , how does that work ? '', 
  etc etc. 
  it 's a logical thought process . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , and does just as well as it did while it was in the eu , the eu will crumble . 
  i 've been to italy mate , it 's a shithole . 
  the good weather just makes everything look mildly tolerable, 
  correction : `` better than italy '', 
  yet greece was helped out . 
  just sounds like you hate your country mate . 
  the uk has always been doing very well until 2008 , and now we 've rebounded . 
  probably cause we 're not in the euro . 
  did n't italy just request a bailout and germany told them to fuck off ? 
  how does it feel to go begging cap in hand to a neighbour and getting rejected ? 
  jesus , stockholm syndrome if i 've ever seen it . 
  inb4 other europeans in this thread threatening us going `` well if ye dont get oot we 'll kick yi oot '', 
  who the fuck trades money at an airport ? 
  okay , so for fellow europeans who do n't know who this guy is : he 's essentially a hardline eurosceptic and he 's reiterated many times he wo n't have a free trade deal with open borders . 
  no open borders or no deal . 
  negotiations are gon na get stormy . 
  [ boris johnson eyeing down negotiations like ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03173/boris_3173691c.jpg ), 
  really ? 
  henry vii would have been my choice , simply cause he was a crazy motherfucker and he 's interesting to read about , but victoria was probably one of the most influential leaders in our history . 
  how do you know ? 
  sure mate . 
  the europeans have been awfully bitter over this . 
  prior to the vote it was `` no you 're our european brothers you should stay :( '' , now it 's `` lol fuck the cunts '' . 
  they must be mad cause their precious eu has been shown up . 
  implying we completely cut ourselves off from any form of negotiation , which is n't going to happen . 
  so you 're think the eu are gon na make an example of us ? 
  so you 're gon na make trade more difficult just to fuck with us ? 
  righto . 
  are you an idiot ? 
  i do n't want to have a shared european identity , nor an army or foreign policy . 
  fuck all of that . 
  `` nuked its economy '' hardly, 
  what 's the obsession with you all wanting a big european union ? 
  thank fuck we voted out . 
  are you mad ? 
  we buy far , far more from you than you buy from us . 
  we have the upper hand every time . 
  we 've taken the first step . 
  other eurosceptic nations know that they wo n't be alone if they vote to leave now . 
  it 's only just begun . 
  fucking hit the nail on the head mate, 
  too bad, 
   why did you campaign and vote for leaving if you do n't want it done as soon as possible ? 
  it 's likely so we can wait for euroscepticism to rise further so we can milk a better deal for ourselves . 
  i think he 'd relish that . 
  maybe not paris, 
  looks like something out of game of thrones , very cool, 
  on facebook etc , channel 4 news articles and all that , if turkey is ever mentioned in comes a billion turks boasting about how turkey will practically rule the world . 
  it 's absolutely insane that they see themselves as powerful as the eu . 
  a college near me does a similar thing with a trip to chile .
