the price for russian gas is indeed low , but the cost of it might be very high , which was proven by ukrainian conflict . 
  still she is a good chancellor simply . 
  good for them . 
  [ we did n't listen ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mquulbwtkns ), 
  of course , but there will be next ones tempted by lucrative positions from russia . 
  not only from germany by form any relevant eu country . 
  i 'd rather stay in my basement, 
  we should n't allow nord stream 2 to be built as it poses a great threat to europe , russians after all can manipulate european politicians , even german ones . 
  it os worth mentioning how aamzing chancellor merkel is in comparison to this guy . 
  i wonder how many people do really believe this crap in the era of the internet ? 
  also this ukrainian splitting idea . 
  why is it so frequently mentioned ? 
  if someone suggested this idea he would be laughed at in here . 
  there are soke uktra nationalists like 1-2 % who like this idea , but who cares about them really . 
  there was a russian politician few years back who wrote to poland with the idea of splitting ukraine . 
  polish mp in response told him that letter should be sent to his psychiatrist . 
  i think our priesident 's wife comes from jewish family, 
  he is mostly proboably one od this poles who cries we are racis eveey time he has an opportunity to, 
  because czech rep is in eastern europe, 
  i am too waiting to eggsplanation, 
  cool , as it should be . 
  i think we need more articles about popand guys, 
  nothing shocking in here, 
  she has a nice cap, 
  with this mindset we ca n't even fight back a country which attacked us since those poor soliders are not to blame , they are just victims of a dictatorship . 
  thanks bro , appreciated, 
  no we are not , we are happy when people do not suffer , like those on the ukraine . 
  when the sanctions gone too far, 
  well after all those years the shit has finally hit the fan, 
  eu is a union , not a country , not even a confederation , not even a fully united union . 
  dont compare it to unified countries . 
  she is n't a tourist , but a diplomat representing eu and eu values , the scarf is not part of it . 
  embarassing how she wore this scarf . 
  looking as some posts on this subreddit i firmly believe in autism spike after the moment when internet got accessible, 
  how this wikipedia link proves us hating muslims ? 
  tatars living in poland are very rewpected community ( especially by right wing and ultra right wing groups ) . 
  we dont really consider them minority since for us they are just poles who attend a different church . 
  it is not about people being muslims , but people from islam based cultures in middle east who , in big number , are not a good fit in europe . 
  some things are no laughing matter, 
  how powerful is she right now ? 
  and that 's the proper way , since when should countries react to soap operas ? 
  hmm i thought percentage of unstable people should be more less the same everywhere in europe and yet my country did not experience any sort of terrorism in decades . 
  lithuania is a nice country , no need to report people going there . 
  i have been there myself and kt was cool . 
  the change requires time, 
  this , when will this stop ? 
  you know what to do when your child asks you where did you invest your money, 
  we are growing stronger ( slowly ), 
  hmm , why would nazis bring all those books to germany ? 
  we might be close to find out who they were this time . 
  increasing russian influence in eu is not a wise choice . 
  i write this often and will once again - russian gas has a low price but very high cost , which was proven by ukrainian conflict . 
  we can not presict what will happen on next decade , i am not the biggest believer in 50 years predictions, 
  but look how happy they are !, 
  no it has no potential to counter balance germany , are you serious ? 
  it has nothing to do with butthurt , it is an honest evaluation of reality, 
  meh they won the election , untill the next one, 
  you know what autorithanian regime means , do you ? 
  should i really copy the definition for you ? 
  there is no endanger to democracy in poland currently . 
  it seems tou think we are at some kind of war and this is an attack on nations , have you considered tou might be exaggerating a bit ? 
  what internal reason , people who say hurr durr lw\u00f3w are being laughed at, 
   hug of death yes , from poland xd next step , polish space colony . 
  seriously why ? 
  i mean why butthurt other countries like for no reason ? 
  like what our gov can achieve with this ? 
  people here just love news about poland ... 
  i came here to laugh not to feel, 
   sociopatic capitalistic i think we spotted `` real communism was not yet tried '' person, 
  and western countries love feeding on cheap eastern euro labour force . 
  it is being posted in the polish internet when someone tries to make `` poland stronk '' argument, 
  indeed , every person who beats up jewish people motivated by hatred towards jews is anti semite . 
  the article lacks the motivation of attackers since without it is not a anti semitic act . 
  by this logic as everyone knows every muslim is a terrorist ? 
  i can post you few picture of muslim terrorists if you 'd like ? 
  no it might have been an usual football hooligan attack not motivated by neither nationality nor ethnicity . 
  can you point out the fragment of the article which proves the motives of attacker or maybe you only imagined it to fit your narrative ? 
  and i am a far right wing sympathizer for pointing out this might not be an anti semitic attack ? 
   you just always you , who ? 
  i am a nazi now ? 
  is this your way of making conversation ? 
   hat was not anti-semitic , the mw/onr guys do n't dress like the sa , that was not a heil hitler gesture i think you comment a wrong article . 
  where did they mention onr or any other ultra nationalists in here . 
  the article states about some football hooligans , you speak about onr , what are you talking about ? 
  stop projecting . 
  you know it perfectly well that pulling unchecked informations out of thin air brings only harm to the discussion . 
  if you start your post with `` oh shut up . '', 
  you may as well not post it in the first place . 
  what does it have to do with anything ? 
  they might have been just football hooligans who attacked the opposite team , like they do , the fact that this team was mostly jewish does n't make it an anti semitic attack . 
  article doesnt explain this allegedly anti semitic background . 
  i hope he will get jail for it . 
  the image idicates anti semitic backround , was it really or was it just football hooligan attacking the opposite team ? 
  not every attack on jewish person has anti semitic bacground . 
  yup and now can someone post statistics showing the vat returns in 1992-2017 ? 
  since our gov blocked those in numbers never seen before . 
  eee what ? 
  w hour should be commemoration not a football event . 
  better than poles lighting up flares for sure, 
  late 50s and the city was still in ruins .
