  will the world ever recover after this ? 
  i might said it in the wrong way . 
  ill people shouldnt be procesctued ofc and yes it matters if it is an illness or not . 
  since it is not . 
  very saddening that although homosexuality was proclamed not an illness people are still procesecuted for it . 
  well i am pretty happy you were left with insults . 
  she represents the eu , if she represents it poorly tell me how good is she in her job ? 
  cool so now eu officials give laughs to isis ? 
  well that 's ok , we need a world with more smiles . 
  we require more from politicians . 
  more than from average joe or average annie , becuase their actions might for example motivate terrorists to more terrorism and result in people being killed . 
  eu has already too much shitty politicans , we dont need more on higher positions , because the results of their actions might end up as a catastrophy . 
  since she represents eu her emotions are very relevant both to eu and to isis . 
  her actions represent the eu . 
  of course she has a right to have emotions on her own , but if she cant handle them she should quit being eu representative . 
  she has no power not to wear this scarf ? 
  surely high eu official showing isis this reaction to the massacre they commited was fully understandable and admirable . 
  if i was from isis and saw top4 eu official crying after attack it would reassure me during next ones . 
  for those reasons i really dislike this lady . 
  if she can not handle the job she applied to she should quit . 
  she is an ex communist who cried after terrorists attack instead of acting on them . 
  yet another incompetnet person in eu institutions . 
  we have a show called ucho prezesa ( the ear of the chairman ) being a comically-political web series mocking our current goverment and pis party , especially the chairman of our govermental party mr. kaczy\u0144ski . 
  in this show he [ owns one of these ] ( http://www.wsensie.pl/images/bez-komentarza/02-17/4/globus.png ) . 
  so this globe is just our internal joke and it seems the store tries to make some money out of it . 
  and every time you ask russians about their history you get to hear that they were the real victims, 
  i remember seeing articles about black lives matters protesting in london , while there was almost no black people killed by the british police in recent years . 
  it seems those protest are spreading . 
  pick up your brush m8 , it seems there is some repainting to do and i do n't think poles are qualified enough to do it . 
  oh they are doing well . 
  tell me poland has 4 % gdp growth in q1 and i wouldnt say poles are doing better than sauds . 
  the question is will it save the money invested in it in let 's say century ? 
  because i bet there are other investitions that will in shorter period of time . 
  what did i just read ? 
  saudis are doing great too but they did not take much refugees , maybe it is karma ? 
  that feel when you have too much money, 
  they do in embassies , but many of them vote for pis . 
  in addition we have big minorities in brasil , canada and usa who are strongly in favour of pis for example i once met polish-american who argued with me that putin shot down the plane with lech kaczynski in 2010 and a guy was shocked that i dont really agreed on that . 
  bizzare people . 
   ** pis is not openly eurosceptic ** , but it accuses the eu of discriminating against poland in favour of longer-standing members , especially germany . 
  since accession in 2004 , about 2m poles have emigrated to other eu countries , including many of the more cosmopolitan citizens . 
  that has helped shift the balance towards pis 's conservative , less urban voters . 
  although their towns have benefited from eu money -- poland is the largest recipient of eu structural funds -- they are much poorer than thriving cities like warsaw . 
  this part should be read my many here, 
  g-guys are you ok ? 
  j-just say something . 
  finally, 
  which one ? 
  and how would you know they are actual refugees ? 
  they did not receive any background check . 
  we are not xenophobic , for example in 3 years the number of ukrainians in poland reached over a milion . 
  where is this sign of phobia here ? 
  do you know the definition of `` xenophobia '' ? 
  i recommend you to check it . 
  i am afraid you are using words you dont fully understand . 
  well one reason is that we were actual refugees , not immigrants . 
  also they were allowed there on temporary stay . 
  also iran was de facto controlled by other countries , uk being among them . 
  it was n't iran which made this call ( de facto ) . 
  it 's shameful you try to form an historical argument whithout a proper knowledge . 
  i think you do n't fully see the scale of it . 
  this is some shitty magazine noone really reads , which was posted to make few people here butthurt . 
  noone gives 2 shits and the popsicle about it . 
  its like you wanted to comment articles on breitbart . 
  oh give him a chance to feel better about his country , there is no need to argue . 
  how old are you again ? 
  most of those people arent refugees , calling them refugees is a big overstatement . 
  yes we are economic migrants in eu since we are eu citizens . 
  what xenophobic attacks are you talking about and how in your opinion we justify it ? 
  your generalisations about poland are pretty disturbing . 
  retarded laws about abortions did not pass , neither judicary in bigger part . 
  we have harsh abortion laws , true i do n't support them , but if you think you are privileged to tell us what is good for us i need to ask you - who do you think you are ? 
  also those descriptions like `` xenophobic '' , `` racist '' do not bring anything to the discussion , making me wonder if you are really ready to discuss those matters or maybe you just like to insult people/countries/ethnic groups in your free time ? 
  well we said yesterday here it is going to happen . 
  because mirrors might be real, 
  such is life in poland, 
  touche . 
  ( there was no need to delete this comment , i respect good banter ), 
   demolition hammer they just dont want you to steamroll warsaw again . 
  ( i am sorry i needed to make this poor joke ) yes i do understand there will be differences in prices , my submission was to inform how they are seen in poland . 
  that 's what you get for being eastern european oh wait, 
  who cares ? 
   this is literally a shitpost . 
   who cares about idiots being outraged ? 
  it seems to me you are outraged , are you ? 
  if you had read the description , you would know that the gof this submission was to inform about social attitude towards differences in prices . 
  not arguing about the reasons why those prices vary . 
   lower transport costs i doubt it . 
   more competition it seems this might be the case . 
  those might also be products that are typically sold in the uk and lidl only intorduced a few of them in poland just to check if they will be bought . 
  i do n't demand anything , i was just informing about this situation . 
  the image was posted on one of the most popular websites in poland wykop , which is our equivalent to reddit . 
  i did not check the sources nor autheticity of this comparison , i saw few people confirmed those in comments . 
  2 most hermful bills were vetoed , the remaining one was signed, 
   the eu 's response will be the same back to you if your not careful and you really do n't want that . 
  he will fail with art . 
  7 , as he did before . 
   poland needs the eu far more than the eu needs poland . 
  this actually might be very true . 
  they are free to remove those , i bet with full support of our gov and nation .
