dude . 
  i am a native speaker and i just checked out your website . 
  i would * love * to help you in this because it 's true there are n't many swahili learning material out there and sometimes they contradict each other ( it 's because most of them are made by l2 speakers and they tend to not know the standard language or the actual spoken forms very well . 
  still , they 're doing a pretty good job ) . 
  i am soon going to start a yt channel with a central focus on teaching swahili . 
  i would definitely like to work with you on the lessons on your website . 
  your post came in a very convenient time for me as i truly needed a sort of motivation to go forward with my plans so please pm me so we could go forward with this . 
  dude , nice !, 
  it could be a flatline . 
  mine started around day 15 . 
  it was brutal as fuck . 
  i was getting less and less motivated for anything and was too sensitive on the emotional side of things . 
  i could literally just watch a sunrise and start to cry my eyes out . 
  i even considered relapsing on purpose a couple times , just to get a quick fix . 
  i 'm glad i resisted by pushing myself to work out , meditate and take walks , even though i did n't feel like doing those things . 
  i 'm now on day 24 and i have noticed the flatline to be subsiding since yesterday . 
  keep going , bro . 
  you got this . 
  great post !, 
  good thing keeping a journal . 
  keep going . 
  we ( me and my so ) were there while travelling around turkey last winter . 
  the place is so remote that we literally circled around it like three times trying to located it , even though we were sure we had followed the map correctly . 
  it was snow everywhere and only a couple road signs here and there . 
  finally , by chance , a dog led us to the entrance . 
  amazing experience . 
  i love that movie ( and the book ), 
  that 's great , bro . 
  i 'm on monk mode too . 
  day 25 . 
  keep going . 
  we got this . 
  bro , there is a way . 
  meditate right before bedtime . 
  10 minutes are enough . 
  if you 're religious , pray about it right before bedtime . 
  be disciplined about it and believe that you wo n't wet dream and the wet dreams will stop . 
  one more hint : wear heavy pyjama pants and sleep on your back . 
  can confirm . 
  the more you keep up with nofap the more the ` superpowers ' solidify themselves . 
  for me , they 're even seeping themselves into my dreams . 
  two days ago i had a dream where i was about to click a pron site and i was ready to jack off ( in the dream ) but suddenly i remembered nofap and i just walked away from the screen . 
  when i woke up and remembered the dream i almost could n't believe the self-control i showed . 
  keep going guys and good luck to everyone . 
  you can do this . 
  do not touch your dong . 
  this is a common rookie mistake . 
  believe me , do n't . 
  also , when you catch yourself fantasizing or when you notice a bulge in your crotch , quickly think of baseball or any sport you do n't follow ( this is no joke ) . 
  it has really helped me to subside the boners . 
  resist boners as much as possible ( this is very important ) and you 'll start having killer morning wood . 
  all the best in your journey . 
  soda . 
  guys , quit all fizzy drinks . 
  it 's the next best thing you could do ( next to nofap , of course ) . 
  alex jones totally slayed her with that ` pop ' video . 
  yeah , it 's appalling that that is considered ` normal ' . 
  glad i 'm not in that kind of groupthink anymore . 
  day 26 hard mode . 
  currently on day 26 . 
  this is my second streak . 
  basically i 've been doing all the stuff you 've listen so it 's been hard mode for me so far but frankly i 've been struggling to cut back my screen time and to read more . 
  i only realized this yesterday . 
  i have a few more days though where i wo n't be able to avoid screen time as much as i 'd like to because i 'm planning a trip to another country but as soon as these few days are over ( around day 30 ) i plan to double down on my nofap journey by effectively switching to monk mode . 
  i 've definitely started noticing the changes though and i ca n't wait to switch to monk mode . 
  good luck to you bro . 
  you got this , bro . 
  i believe in you . 
  do not listen to them . 
  do not waver in your journey . 
  the task of avoiding pmoing in this day and age is immense but your are stronger , remember that . 
  the more you resist , the more it 'll be second nature to not even think of pron . 
  i myself am on day 26 hard mode and planning to switch to monk mode right after day 30 . 
  i know it 'll be immensely difficult but i feel it 's what i got to do . 
  i know i have to man up . 
  you got this , bro . 
  you can do it . 
  quit smoking now . 
  what is facebook ? 
  whoever believes that is a moron . 
  i wish i had the link so i could pull it up real quick but the article that sparked r/nofap , you know , the one alex rhodes cited as inspiration clearly stated that t levels in the blood stay the same even after the initial 7 day peak . 
  and no doubt that op 's levels would 've been higher if he did n't indulge in junk food for that last month . 
  but props to him and to all you here on nofap . 
  keep going , bros. . xmas will be 125 for me . 
  you better fucking believe it it 's time to man up !, 
  take your masculinity back . 
  quit pmo , it 's for loosers . 
  and all the best in your journey . 
  idiot . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  i know how it feels but be quick to pick yourself up . 
  there is no shame in starting over . 
  it happens to the best of us . 
  you got this . 
  also , as a hint for the future : when you get hard and you feel you ca n't shake it off just keep your hands off of it and think of baseball instead . 
  in literally three seconds the blood will have subsided . 
  it works everytime for me , no joke . 
  just google ` junk food and testosterone ' and you 'll get tens of studies showing you this . 
  quit junk food , it 's not worth it . 
  always loved c.s.
