  lewis quotes . 
  he was a very wise man . 
  none . 
  i had one dream though around day 20 . 
  it started normal , like any other dream , then it slowly was becoming sexual . 
  as soon as i sensed the dopamine rushing in i quickly remembered nofap and i woke up immediately . 
  yeah , i believe this to be true also . 
  thanks for pointing this out . 
   but i will learn everything about baseball if that 's the case . 
  haha , that made me chuckle . 
  no , i mean because it is uninteresting to me . 
  i do n't know anything about baseball so it helps . 
  the point is to think of some activity you 've never given a shit about . 
  could be baseball , archery , poker , fencing , etc. 
  literally this morning i woke up and was answering emails , so i was on the internet , i strated feeling a sudden urge to pmo but then i opened a yt video ` tim tebow mlb tryouts highlights ' . 
  a short one minute clip but it was enough  . 
  sounds funny but at least it works for me . 
  do not watch that movie . 
  i mean , sure , there is a great message at the end but imho the pay off at the end is not worth it and is completely overshadowed by the fuckton of nsfw before that . 
  and yeah , jon is portrayed as a badass in that he consumes a lot of pron without any consequences to his physiology and/or psychology . 
  the intended message of the movie is great but the plot is only there to fuel pmo addiction , if anything . 
  for a better portrayal of how much pron addiction can ruin your life , i would suggest a movie called ` fireproof ' . 
  it 's a religious movie , somehow , but the message there applies to every man of this generation . 
  if you abstain from pmo for more than 21 days straight you get even more t levels starting around day 30 and rising gradually . 
  do n't just go one week . 
  push harder . 
  10/10 will try this tonight . 
  [ edit ] : - ign, 
   clementine : was it something i said ? 
   joel : yeah ... you said `` so go . '', 
  with such disdain , you know ? 
   joel : it 's okay . 
  i think i 've watched that movie 5 times already but this fucking part always gets me . 
  yeah , the bing bong scene , wow !, 
  was watching it with my so and she had to pause the movie and hold me for like 5 minutes because i was a sobbing mess . 
  i 'd say cut off the alcohol too , but that 's just me . 
  congrats on 20 days . 
  do n't get cocky though ( pun intended ) and keep going . 
  you 're healing , bro . 
  if i recall correctly, 
  your username o.o !, 
  i needed this !, 
  was seriously considering relapsing . 
  day 28 . 
  thanks . 
  please try writing correctly next time . 
  i could n't get anything that you 're trying to say because you did n't go over the text to check if it needs corrections or not . 
   meals a day by 12pm by the clock or well as close to that as you can ... 
   when u fast thursday eat nirnally, 
  what do these mean ? 
  wtf !, 
  i hope this is sarcasm . 
  nornally or normally ? 
  do n't sweat on the counter , bro . 
  it depends on each person . 
  ( levels of addiction , discipline , etc ) . 
  i 'd say just concentrate on your inner improvement . 
  ( 22 y.o male here ) my cuddle toy . 
  hahaha . . chill , bro . 
  i was deliberately getting under your skin . 
  congrats on 101 days . 
  commenting for ( near ) future reference . 
  thanks , 
  some of my friends tried to sell me into a ` business ' opportunity that requires massive initial investment in time , resources and money with these exact explanations . 
  i never told them no cause they 're some of my closest friends but i kept shunning this idea each te they brought it up on me * to join * until they eventually gave up . 
  also , `` it 's not a cult '' . 
  i 'm fairly new here on reddit . 
  thanks for the hint . 
  noted . 
  looks good . 
  installed it . 
  thanks . 
  wow !, 
  my semester starts on 3rd oct , senior year , and i think i will do this - for the whole year . 
  thanks , stranger . 
  cool !, 
  what are the differences that you could point out between french 20-23ish year olds to their american counterparts ? 
  yeah . 
  an insight of how friendships/social circles in this age group work in france , together with anything relating to that . 
  delete all of it , bro . 
  bruh , i feel you with this one . 
  i 'm on day 37 now and yesterday just before bedtime i had the worst case of blue ball in a long time . 
  the pain almost made me want to relapse but i figured , `` what if i took a shower ? '', 
  and boom , no blue balls !, 
  but be careful because the shower is a tempting place to rub one out . 
  bottomline : try to keep your mind off it , do some push ups , take a shower , take a walk maybe ... all the best in your new streak . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i have lucid dreaming intense french kissing . 
  it 's fucking amazing !, 
  currently on day 37 and it has happened 3 times already . 
  yeah , cold showers . 
  the antidote to fapping . 
  you got this . 
  coke llama sounds like a cool downtempo electonica band name . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , i meant it translates both ways . 
  the rules you explained about prefixes and suffixes seem oddly similar to swahili 's . 
  bahasa endonezya is already in my list of languages to learn anyway , so this fuel 's my motivation . 
   edit : spelling, 
  how do they keep up with the motivation to not fap ?
