will see . 
  i hope she does n't . 
  fasten seat belts, 
  i live in the rhein-main area too and it just started snowing . 
  true dat, 
  do n't worry , just banter from my side . 
  we should all take it with a bit salt . 
  well , you either like it or hate it . 
  i like it , 
  well , it is n't the weather , 
  the name `` clintoncrusher2016 '' said it all really, 
  beautiful, 
  really ... they like sauerkraut in france ? 
  pretty much her fault . 
  why go to britain in the first place . 
  much love to our italian friends . 
  well if you go by architecture , then northern germany should be in a group with denmark/netherlands and not austria for example . 
  laughed so hard when i read that today in german news, 
  stay safe down there guys . 
  you can always come to ger ... nvm . 
  so what ? 
  we are dealing with the situation now . 
  apocalyptic prophecies are not helping us . 
  20.000 came from all over europe . 
  keep making a fool of yourself turkey . 
  no we do n't . 
  dont believe everything thats written in dubious media . 
  hope she is gone soon . 
   1992 : 131.726  1993 : 75.117  1994 : 78.646  1995 : 87.238  1996 : 77.405  1997 : 71.214  1998 : 66.106  1999 : 72.210  2000 : 74,144  2001 : 79,650  2002 : 81,466  2003 : 88,020 ever heard about `` sp\u00e4taussiedler '' ? 
  i think it all comes down to the different cultures and specifically to the outdated patriarchal system of islam . 
  i mean there are hundreds of studies who tell you out of all cultures , the islamic culture find it hardest to integrate into a western society . 
  do we have a problem with italians here ? 
  do we have a problem with greeks here ? 
  do we have a problem with poles here ? 
  its not those who are coming here for work , its the criminals who are coming because we got uncontrolled open borders . 
  its rather a migration problem than a immigration problem . 
  we are even more concerned with the ones coming here from outside of europe . 
  thats too much for many people here . 
  they dont want it . 
  britain wasnt smart when eastern european countries joined the eu . 
  germany restricted immigration for those countries for 7 years , uk did n't . 
  now you are complaining and keep telling everyone how its the eus fault . 
  who said we dont have a problem ? 
  immigration is one of the biggest problems we have . 
  only the us which is way bigger got more immigration worldwide and that 's excluding the refugees . 
  how do you know germany has no problem with immigration ? 
  people here are extremely fed up at the moment . 
  same with some guy 1 month ago who commited suicide by cop in a cinema in germany . 
  he was a 19 y/o german , but cnn reported about some islamic terrorist . 
  from what ive seen and heard , this guy was just some psycho with a gun . 
  we had school shootings and all that kind of stuff here too a couple of years ago . 
  prost !, 
  its getting weirder by the minute . 
  they just had one eye witness on tv who said one guy was wearing a santa claus costume with sunglasses and had blonde hair . 
  the 2nd video shows one guy with a weapon on the parking deck and i 'd guess from his accent that he is a native german . 
  ive never heard about an incident where anyone was discussing with muslim terrorists like that . 
  yeah , also certainly not a refugee ... the german is way too good . 
  yeah , whats worth mentioning is that on 22 july 2011 breivik killed 77 people . 
  today is ... 22 july . 
  you are right , thats the guy from the roof shouting fuck muslims lol . 
  he probably thought he was a terrorist . 
  yeah lot of people who live in and around munich are not bavarian . 
  dude shouting from the roof is a native . 
  damn what a freaking mess . 
  seems like he is a right wing breivik sympathizer, 
  yeah but he got a clear german accent . 
  he also said he is born in germany and is german when the other guy said fuck those `` kanacks '' . 
  https://twitter.com/onlinemagazin/status/756539012551176194 if it is him , he is german and said `` i 'm german , fuck muslims '' . 
  he also sounds very german . 
  5 years ago today breivik killed all those people . 
  ohhh shit . 
  yeah those damn latin speakers giving us weird names, 
  anyway , where does the name austria come from ? 
  the voting system in britain is very undemocratic in my opinion . 
  ukip got like 4 million votes last time and only 1 mp ? 
  now for the first time , people had the opportunity where every vote counted . 
  i can understand those who were fed up with the government and voted for brexit . 
  nobody knows how it will turn out for you guys though . 
  also ... why all the downvotes ? 
  get a grip guys . 
  yes , also asylum does n't mean permanent right to stay . 
  my hope is an end of the syrian conflict anytime soon . 
  that should be a priority . 
  also a deal with north africans countries to tow the boats back needs to be done quickly now . 
  we need to secure the borders !, 
  think we can conclude that north africans ( nafris as the german police calls them ) and afghanis are the real problem . 
  neither of them have any right to claim asylum . 
  deportation is the only way . 
  a long coat in 30 + degrees is odd yes, 
  play nice guys . 
  next tuesday in madrid 38 \u00b0 c. . . i 'd die . 
  well its just my opinion ... but the many different countries , cultures , languages is what makes europe so great . 
  do n't think that will happen soon . 
  humans are egoistic by nature . 
  they want to keep whats theirs . 
  a federal system would obviously mean for some countries to share their wealth with other countries without anything in return . 
  maybe in the future to counter balance a ever more powerful china . 
  lets hope the situation in greece can be sorted out as quickly as possible . 
  i mean its not the only problem we got . 
  negotiations again ?
