  we got our own identity and culture . 
  the `` bayern partei '' who wants an independent bavaria is barely known here . 
  not again ... 
  hang in there : /, 
  as a franconian i would vote against it anyway . 
  you are just germanys middle finger :p, 
  maybe it 's the booze . 
  yup , merry christmas everyone . 
  ( only cookies and milk missing ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4hct9rq.jpg ), 
  free franconia  nah , the bavarians are quite alright !, 
  thanks , after years i know where it comes from . 
  always wondered , 
  where i 'm from ( aschaffenburg ) we call it weck . 
  could be ... some words i do n't know where they are from like `` krumpern '' ( potatoes ) . 
  when my oma was cooking , a german from anywhere else would n't understand a thing . 
  talk about luck . 
  a probably illegal migrant with a id card which he left right at the crime scene . 
  that 's like winning the lottery . 
  could be a setup . 
  i live near frankfurt and there is a chipotle mexican grill adress : skyline plaza frankfurt , europa-allee 6 , 60327 frankfurt , germany, 
  in unterfranken ( lower franconia ) we call it `` weck '' . 
  do n't know where it 's from though . 
  that 's basically what bros are for !, 
  strange list to be honest . 
  not a big fan of huge cities myself , but come on ... anyone else here from london , rome or paris and can give his opinion ? 
  means probably more votes for the afd again . 
  im thinking about beer tents at christmas markets at the moment . 
  i do n't think we have any here . 
  we usually drink gl\u00fchwein , jagertee and that kind of stuff . . 
  mountains ? 
  that 's cute , 
  christmas markets are usually not a thing in england ? 
  no , he said all muslims until he knows `` what the hell is going on '' . 
  germany could send some ~ ~ teutonic ~ ~ soldiers too . 
  sad that turkey under atat\u00fcrk would probably be a member of the eu already . 
  is erdogan really that popular in turkey ? 
  it 's hard to imagine . 
  i think it would have been a beautiful thing folks . 
  when i think about the euro crisis and what was said about germany here ... wow . 
  this is like nothing compared to it . 
  wow , 1500 vehicles . 
  is romania planning anything ? 
  make bavaria great again, 
  decent ? 
  what are the chances that the spd will be the biggest party next year ? 
  the spd is currently polling below 20 % . 
  if they want to give the afd even more votes , sure why not . 
  bella italia, 
  would only consider northern germany to be in the northern part of europe . 
  voted no . 
  just do n't think it would work . 
  also europe should never try to be another `` america '' . 
  if you got some time left in berlin , i 'd recommend visiting potsdam aswell . 
  it 's only a short train ride . 
  there is also a charming hanseatic town called `` l\u00fcbeck '' in the north of germany . 
  worth a visit , but i do n't think you got enough time ? 
  tried it once as a kid . 
  taste was unusual but not bad . 
  there is a american store near me . 
  also subway got root beer if i remember correctly ? 
  it 's huge, 
  same , southern europe is extremely expensive at the moment . 
  saw a offer in germany yesterday : 8 days turkey , all-inclusive , flight , transport , 4 star hotel 199 eur . 
  i did nazi that coming, 
  frenchman is the one closer to the camera . 
  ofc not, 
  did n't know about it . 
  interesting . 
  yeah there is only one road with one lane for each side . 
  damn good speech sir, 
  you can not integrate someone who does n't want to . 
  jesus , why always germany . . 
  sounds about right . 
  favourite postal service here is dhl . 
  normal package from germany 1-2 days , amazon prime 1 day . 
  after all it was the idea of a austrian . 
  they didnt have to i guess . 
  weather went from blue sky and sunshine to dark/grey cloudy with storm and rain in about 2 hours . 
  1 toast ( with whatever is in the fridge ) , 1 soft-boiled egg and coffee . 
  yes , but the austrians are not dumb . 
  there are like 8 million austrians and how many foreigners are using your roads ? 
  its a big income for austria and clearly aimed at foreigners passing through from north to south . 
  also how much money from the toll is being spend for the roads ? 
  cheers man , have fun !, 
  there are nice places apart from those where all the drunks are . 
  just go to mallorca a week and you will know why , lol . 
  well , i checked portugal , 10 days for 3 adults , 6000 $ in july . 
  crazy how expensive southern europe is nowadays . 
  it was a 5 * hotel though . 
  driving with the car to italy now in summer . 
  yes , [ frit-sticks ] ( https://www.sweets-online.com/item/images/23180/800x800/23180-funny-frisch-frit-sticks-ungarisch-100g--24-beut_1.jpg ) for example . 
  german newspapers and their overly dramatic journalism . 
  this . 
  number one issue is still the refugee crisis . 
  personally i just want our laws enforced . 
  means , illegal migrants should be deported and real refugees should recieve the care they need . 
  thats all . 
  ger ** many **, 
  still ca n't get my head around it . 
  bombing children , wow .
