  if they can agree to a deal at the end of the 2 year process , every parliament of the 27 will have to ratify it . 
  why would anyone agree to a better deal for the uk outside the eu ? 
  it 's nonsense if you think about it . 
  most countries are just fed up with the uks blackmailing in the past . 
  now you are in a much weaker position . 
  the stability of the eu is worth more than a few car sales . 
  uk wo n't get a favourable deal and that 's just that . 
  it 's logical . 
  i 'd be more afraid of your banking sector in london . 
  the cars will get more expensive due to the low pound and tarifs . 
  we are selling most cars outside the eu , we will be fine . 
  you will just have to pay more . 
  japan isnt in the eu and are selling their cars in the uk too or not ? 
  the 4th reich is still in sperm status if you look closely . 
  that 's some serious w\u00f6rk ethic shown here by the irish, 
  69 % of greeks anti-semitic ? 
  where does that come from ? 
  maybe they just dont agree with israels policy ? 
  doesnt make them anti-semitic . 
  well , bavaria is a bit different from the rest of germany . 
  the texas of germany , lol . 
  who would have thought ... the only danger was from some braindead hooligans . 
  well done france . 
  lets just make that shit shower work, 
  aye , we were a bunch of freeloaders for too long . 
  spending 2 % of gdp on military is n't exactly nazi germany like re-arming . 
  it 's just fair i would say . 
  heck even greece is spending much more than we do . 
  also ask the greeks where their weapons are coming from ... bit ironic . 
  bit ironic really , if you are the 3rd largest weapon exporter in the world . 
  anyway we are working on the 2 % now . 
  portugal , congrats !, 
  booze-time now :d, 
  torrents ? 
  indeed . 
  wait till all the new skyscrapers are finished  london is nice though, 
  they are coming from hungary to austria to germany . 
  so how about you just keep them . 
  understood , but its time to do something about it . 
  lighting famous buildings with flag colors surely doesnt ? 
  its the same `` routine '' everytime such a event happens . 
  doesnt help the dead people and their families though . 
  cola h\u00fchnchen is also quite known here in germany . 
  you mean ein volk , ein ... that was our old motto , 
  much strength for the victims and families !, 
  great, 
  not yet , but i can buy them at my local supermarket . 
  cheese and onion is always a winner in my book anyway !, 
  i also like vinegar and everything sour cream . 
  tyrrells crisps from the uk are really good . 
  most of the time i say `` good luck '' , but what i really mean is `` all the best '' . 
  some people just take it word by word . 
  we are everywhere , 
  we are everywhere , 
  same here where i live . 
  i see lots of german flags when i drive around town . 
  also lots of bavarian flags . 
  my life makes no sense now since hatemoglu banned me, 
  turkey was great for holidays before erdogan went nuts . 
  new hotels , all inclusive , fair pricing and yes , friendly people . 
  shame that one idiot ruined it . 
  cheers, 
  thank you . 
  i often wondered what that plastic ball is for . 
  nokia is from finland though, 
  good old swamp germans again, 
  i really like riesling ... 
  stay safe everyone, 
  thinking about suing italy for the roman invasions . 
  indeed , but still massive compared to todays armys . 
  for example the division in stalingrad was bigger than the whole german army today . 
  i had wrong numbers in my head . 
  6,550,000 ( peak in 1943 ) active : 4,250,000 reserve : 2,300,000 14,800,000 ( total who served ), 
  doubt they will miss them . 
  tbh , it 's not a big deal . 
  you ca n't really compare today with the times of the wehrmacht for example . 
  if that is your intention behind it . 
  the wehrmacht had 18.000.000 soldiers at its peak . 
  russia today has something like 600.000 ? 
  they should live with the consequences . 
  i agree , that 's why i would like to see all of those who are in favour of erdogans dictatorship deported to turkey . 
  because it disrupts the relationship between germans and turks in germany . 
  why would we care . 
  turks deserve whatever they will vote for . 
  same . 
  i do n't think it 's good that one city is `` dominating '' all other cities in a country . 
  wow . . so much clay, 
  do n't mind me , i 'm just here for the comments . 
  you probably forgot that russia has vast amounts of ressources . 
  they do n't rely on a service/industry based economy like we do . 
  that 's the difference . 
  i just gave that 2 % target another thought . 
  it would mean that we would have a bigger military budget than russia . 
  genial, 
  same , but as a german i mostly get the gist . 
  kudos to our dutch brothers . 
  they probably know that nothing good ever came out of extreme nationalism . 
  so im not the only one who is confused, 
  you are probably confusing denmark with the netherlands, 
  he said audi , but i wont take him serious until he detroys a lowered bmw 3 .
