  from what i 've heard ... greece will get its debt cut in 2017 ? 
  did n't mention one can be proud of that , but its a plus to have a bigger population . 
  sure , if your country is small its shite , but else i think its fine . 
  this whole debate escalated into an unobjective discussion anyway . 
  think we can cope lol, 
  weird , i thought its you who will fuck off . 
  we aint going nowhere . 
  the inside looks like a jail, 
  as a net contributor to the eu budget , we are already doing that . 
  it 's not like we are only trading with the eu . 
  most of the trade surplus comes from countries who are outside of europe . 
  [ prettiest building ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/aschaffenburger_schloss,_edit.jpg ) . 
  worst looking probably a [ school ] ( http://img.fotocommunity.com/berufsschule-aschaffenburg-e67d7229-2fbe-48a3-abbe-b9b098117e81.jpg?height=1080 ) . 
  great analysis , thanks, 
  no why should i ? 
  greeks do n't try to be someone they can never be ( while being a dick to everyone else ), 
  it means sitting on a huge pile of $ $ $ instead of borrowing it . 
  for real , the only country we look up to is probably the us ( also for historic reasons ) . 
  trade surplus baby . 
  thats where the money is coming from . 
  britain is running the biggest deficit in the world . 
  where did you get that lie from ? 
  most people here think about violent drunk football hooligans when they speak about britain . 
  americans are liked tho . 
  we could be 20 years in recession and you would still be behind us . 
  ireland grew 26 % . 
  who the fuck cares about growth . 
  everyday life dangers in the islamic world : http://i.imgur.com/q4x8tao.gif, 
  they probably ran out of chocolate pudding at the asylum, 
  from what i 've heard it was a 17yo afghan boy, 
  certainly looks like the attraction of cumbernauld if you google the town . 
  a bit paint here and there and its as new . 
  so there is still a shopping center inside ? 
  no bismarck ? 
  but if we are speaking about climate change , we need to look at the broader picture . 
  germany is a small fish in the pond compared to countries like china where many areas are not habitable anymore . 
  thanks boris , good to know to have friends out there . 
  if you owe the bank a $ 100 billion its the taxpayers problem . 
  glorious, 
  cia world factbook : https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2187rank.html i 'm surprised about rank1, 
  cia world factbook : https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2187rank.html eu # 1, 
  23c here at the moment . 
  got my vent on . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_area there is a map on the right with all countries you can settle/work without visa . 
  ca n't compare turks with arabs . 
  turks came from a secular country ( thanks to atat\u00fcrk ) where politics and religion was strictly separated . 
  their mentality was n't completely foreign to germans . 
  remember at that time in germany , germans and turks had almost the same understanding of the womans role in society for example . 
  get the flaks ready, 
  man , each day now feels like being in a movie . 
  everyday there is some new crazy shit happening . 
  https://twitter.com/justbanter__/status/754044364578488321?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw here is a video of the jet, 
  crossing my fingers for our turkish mates down there, 
  if trump doesnt get elected as president , send him over here . 
  we need a fucking wall , a big one . 
  i 'd say anything that does n't give them more attention is good . 
  dang , i have to slap myself again and again that this is really happening in europe . 
  what the fuck is going on ?!, 
  stay strong france !, 
  in germany we even pay a `` soli '' which is a tax of 2,5 % to support east germany . 
  add to that the inter-state fiscal adjustment plus eu funding and you can imagine why you will have a hard time finding any potholes there . 
  is anything similar possible for the uk ? 
  at some point in time when the technology is there , the uk will undock itself from europe and float across the pond . 
  in the long term the founders of the eu had in mind to compete with bigger countries such as china , india and the us . 
  some countries in europe are extremely small and the eu is/could be a great tool to enhance their influence in the world . 
  the uk only saw the economic aspect of the trading bloc , but in reality it is also political . 
  from a purely economic perspective it makes sense what you say , even so many companies benefit from being able to hire people across a continent . 
  most people probably got cheese , windmills and caravans in mind about netherlands ( holland ) . 
  also big people and small cute houses . 
  it is no secret that many international banks used london as their gateway to europe . 
  being in london meant being in europe . 
  that apart from the language made it so attractive in the first place . 
  dublin could get a fair share of banks und businesses after brexit . 
  frankfurt is the world 's largest data hub , so i dont really get what you are saying with `` less efficient '' . 
  being in the eu does n't mean anyone is holding you back trading with the world or is n't germany a global player in terms of trade ? 
  we are trading with all countries and being a member of the eu gives us more power negotiating trade deals . 
  simple as . 
  its not a matter of what is best , its just one of the benefits of being a member of the eu . 
  why shouldnt we give singapore or hong kong the right of euro-clearing or eu passporting then ? 
  the ecb tried to get euro-clearing into the eurozone but failed , because by law the uk as a member of the european union had the right to do it . 
  now that 's gone . 
  so he basically wants what everyone in europe said will not happen . 
  the benefits without the costs . 
  than again he said access to the single market which is not the same as membership . 
  that would also mean no eu passporting for the banks in london , aswell as euro-clearing . 
  alright , did n't know the exact date . 
  its not about merging . 
  you can have a coordinated defense union without merging your militaries . 
  i mean latvia is part of the eu but still a sovereign nation or not ? 
  could also be possible . 
  just had me guessing since portugal is one of the countries participating in baltops and last year there were 3 submarines involved . 
  the sub is probably on its way to the baltic sea for the annual baltops exercise . 
  well , i expected worse to be honest . 
  its not like the uk is only importing consumer goods . 
  you will have to import most ressources just like us which will be much more expensive . 
  non of these countries got the eu passporting for banks which the uk will probably lose . 
  also euro-clearing will be taking place inside the eu . 
  another vital sector for the uk . 
  singapore and hong kong are competitors to london . 
  the thing is , most countries in the eu do n't even trade with the uk .
