  my university educated friends frequently call them `` faggots who want to destroy our culture '' and `` push their agenda '' . 
  not at all . 
  less than 100 000 ukrainians on temporary work visas which expire within 6 months . 
  you can check it your self at urz\u0105d do spraw cudzoziemc\u00f3w website . 
  not at all . 
  a newly repainted building near my home was spray painted with crossed off david stars within a day . 
  there are very , very few things v4 agrees on at any given moment . 
  whenever there is some sort of an agreement at least one country always breaks out . 
  i do n't know about lack of `` no common interest '' problem . 
  i have no doubt that for example hungary would strike a deal with russia in a heartbeat if it benefited from it more than from v4 goals , whatever they are . 
  not to mention that hungary , czech republic and slovakia are not really our long-term important partners , they are just a temporary counterweight . 
  there 's a reason why v4 was n't particularly important for the last 10 years . 
  they have nice hills . 
  the thing is that the eu ca n't control education of the member countries . 
  and i ca n't imagine countries like hungary or now poland spending money on having informed citizens now . 
  post it to / r/propagandaposters !, 
  the reason why they are not trained in hand-to-hand combat is that they gave guns , and if they ca n't use them for some reason they are fucked anyway . 
   this agreement would either force church to perform gay marriages or more probably , brake the concordat . 
  not at all . 
  they do n't * have to * issue marriage to anyone . 
  especially to people who are not catholics . 
  and i believe they could argue that gay people are not catholics . 
  using your logic they have to allow marriage of atheists now , which they do n't . 
   i 'm an atheist and even i find it distastful when gay rights movements are trying to strong arm the church into marrying them through legistlation . 
  nobody wants the catholic church to marry them . 
  they want to have civil law marriage . 
  it 's freedom of movement of workers . 
  of course they are going to admit tourists who are going to leave money there . 
  try getting a work visa , good luck . 
  that 's true , but one veto is sufficient . 
  they do have veto power . 
  the recent criticism was more related to the ignoring of the constitutional tribunal than anything else . 
  so how do you propose to deal with that problem ? 
  we have almost quadruple the population of greece . 
  these numbers are misleading if you compare countries without taking population into account . 
  not as crazy as state collecting taxes to fund expenses of religions i am not even a member of . 
  i am not sure about the freedom of press thing since it 's nonsense , but iirc venice commision has to present report , and in this case the ec started the inquiry after vc published their findings , so you could argue that there 's a direct link between pis requesting vc 's opinion and the actions of the ec . 
   freedom of the press is important , but the commission is going about it the wrong way . 
  he does not criticize the media thing in this case , he criticizes rule of law thing ( regarding ignoring constitutional tribunal ) . 
  they are separate inquiries , funnily enough the rule of law thing was started by pis themselves . 
  it is not external as long as we remain members of the eu . 
  / r/grammorin :  not suprising . 
  west is full of polonophobes who hate us for being christian . 
  well that is one of the most creative idiotisms i 've heard lately, 
  i do n't think most poles support the government with what it did regarding constitutional tribunal , but apparently i am a corrupt worker of western press . 
  who knew . 
  [ somewhat related ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozedztx3wuw ), 
  sure , but what if they started using the new ones instead of the old ones in some cases ? 
  maybe because it 's somewhat easier to prosecute under them ? 
  do you know that though ? 
  the law seems broad enough to include them . 
  how do you deal with incitement of violence or death threats though ? 
  i do n't think either is acceptable . 
  why would n't they stay ? 
  lots of the polish people have permanent residence by now and are on a good way of getting citizenship . 
   decent . 
  i believe you mean dissent . 
  well we do n't have constitutional tribunal any more ... 
  are there any turkish parties in germany ? 
  they 've been there for the last 50 years . 
  but you ignore that it has n't happened in the past , with for example migration from turkey to germany in the 60s and 70s . 
  i ca n't see how the situation is any different now . 
  it 's not about training , i think he meant no formal uniforms . 
  saboteurs can be subjected to a summary execution if caught according to either the geneva convention or one of the accompanying ones . 
  and they seem to have problems with falling roofs , do n't they ? 
  worse than that there is no open list of people he pardoned . 
  it was just a very medial case and him being pardoned spread into media . 
  after that he informally mentioned that people who fight corruption should have `` special protection '' ( kami\u0144ski was found guilty of abusing power as a member of anti-corruption force ) and let 's just say that the jokes about duda involve him signing everything anyone ever puts in front of him ( including the cat of his party 's leader ) , except if it involves the constitutional tribunal . 
  the last case is very interesting because i do n't doubt that when the political climate changes , he will be put in front of court for not signing the verdicts of the constitutional tribunal . 
  it was the first instance court verdict , they pardoned him before the appeals finished . 
   well , but those have requirements of objectivity and critical thinking too tell that to my old nationalist history teacher . 
  i believe that the lithuanians were his favourite subhumans , closely followed by ukrainians and russians . 
  heh , in poland mariusz kami\u0144ski was sentenced to three years in prison for abuse of power but after pis won elections the president pardoned him , and he is currently a minister and coordinator of special forces . 
  he also lost his public rights . 
  he will not be allowed to vote , to be elected , to be part of the judicial system , to work as a public servant . 
  fair point . 
  ~ ~ did n't the statute of limitations expire in january , hence why the us tried to unsuccessfully extradite him last year ? ~ ~ * nope . 
  * the problem with the extradition is that iirc he was never charged with the actual crime before he left . 
  the us authorities used a minor crime to keep him under arrest before throwing a book at him , but failed to charge him with a rape . 
  the polish authorities counted the time he spent under home arrest in switzerland and the time he spent under arrest in the us , which was about 1 year in total , as time served . 
  under polish penal code valid as of year the crime was committed , that was more than the minimum jail time , therefore they refused extradition as they considered that enough of a punishment for the crime pola\u0144ski was charged with , and feared that him being extradited would lead to him being charged with a crime totally different than what the extradition deal was about . 
  not that i am fine with him being unpunished , but i found it interesting why he was able to avoid extradition for so long , and that 's what i learned last year . 
  apart from that ziobro , the current minister of justice and because of ~ ~ new ~ ~ pis legislation * ( apparently they reversed a change made a few years ago ) * the chief prosecutor , is quite known for `` justice shows '' . 
  he [ introduced these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dukiysu.jpg ) , and was almost put in front of court ( he was just a few parliamentary votes short ) for abusing his power as minister of justice, 
  it 's worth noting that this 1.3 in poland does include gas pistols ( they send a cloud of gas in your direction , not bullets ) . 
  have a nice stay . 
  on the other hand i highly doubt that competent programmers would want to retrain themselves to enter a market which has been dying for the last couple decades and involves support for obscure and frustrating eol systems . . 
  the governments proposes the budget as a bill ( you probably recall ustawa bud\u017cetowa ) , then it goes on its merry way through the usual path ( sejm , senat , prezydent - with some modifications ) , and then the government is responsible for the execution ( ministry of finances has obviously the most of work to do ) . 
  if you actually read the article you 'd know it 's about the constitutional tribunal , not elections . 
  there 's no mention of `` undemocratic '' in the article . 
  but of course it 's easier to bitch on the eu using our government 's rethoric . 
  good job . 
  yeah , let 's dismantle separation of powers because of scary brown people who do n't even live here . 
  the problem is that the member countries do n't want to allow a majority of countries to make a decision - they require agreement of all of them . 
  it 's going to work like liberum veto in poland if it 's not fixed . 
  [ gus ] ( http://stat.gov.pl/obszary-tematyczne/ludnosc/ludnosc/malzenstwa-i-dzietnosc-w-polsce,23,1.html ) says it 's 29 and 27 for men and women respectively ( inconsistency with the graph probably has something to do with the last data point dates ) . 
  [ trend graph for the first marriage age ] ( http://i.imgur.com/imbzuxb.png ) , [ trend graph for fertility rate and percentage of women in fertile age as of all women ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gp5om3w.png ) , [ age of mother at birth in various years ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f2soecu.png ), 
  and do you think that poland , slovakia or romania got more benefits from that migration ? 
  that 's because of the transitive property of equality relationship . 
  most of the homes with coal-based heating were built somewhere between 19th century and the second world war .
