  why would you want to go outside if you have 300mbps internet connections anyway ? 
  fuck the olympic games , i want this instead !, 
  actually your cars are no longer here . 
  it 's time to invade upper austria and tirol . 
  ukraine can take lower austria . 
  that 's true . 
  the interesting thing is that you can actually remove all the security features of `` utwory '' except for software if you do n't intend to do something illegal ( art . 
  79 pa , unless i 've interpreted it wrongly ) . 
  in general i would n't like to be involved in anything regarding ustawa o prawach autorskich i prawach pokrewnych as there are so many catches there that you should ask a lawyer anyway . 
  you 're right , ustawa o prawie autorskim i prawach pokrewnych states just that , but it applies only to software . 
  there 's something like `` dozwolony u\u017cytek '' which allows to share art ( excluding computer programs ) with your family and vaguely defined `` colleagues '' . 
  you can also remove all security features from the dvds if you do n't intend to use it to break the copyright law ( distribute it outside of `` dozwolony u\u017cytek '' ) the whole copyright law is really weird here , i remember that there 's a lot of catches ( it was about the most boring set of lectures i had to go through ever ) . 
  you - not so much . 
  you have to be careful , though . 
  computer programs are exempt from this , so if you , for example , buy a digital dictionary , you have to take a look at the licence ( because dictionaries are usually programs ), 
  well , there 's a slight difference in sending your troops to defend poland and digging yourself up at the other side of the oder . 
  unless you are working remotely - shitty pay . 
  you might say that the prices are lower , which might be true for something like food , but not so much for anything technology-related like electronics or the like . 
  the systems are not freshly installed , they are almost exclusively all copied from the tested images of the template system which was set up and checked . 
  user never has no install anything . 
  it 's the standard regardless of the operating system . 
  gib moneys or i shall use [ the holy grenade launcher ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mcswi76.jpg ) . 
  also , the car crusher does n't care !, 
  with jebus in the nick you can represent poland , we like unusual names ;p, 
  no , gib moneys or your car gets crushed :d also , nazi guilt . 
  how many planes are there now ? 
  we usually send 4 , i think . 
  and if my calendar is n't broken we are going to deploy them somewhen around may . 
  or people who bike in more risky areas ( high-speed roads etc ) tend to wear helmets . 
  we ca n't really tell . 
  a sizeable part of these 40 % also might not even know what katy\u0144 massacre was . 
  there 's no need for them , wings usually do the trick . 
   < / irony  goddamnit i was about to ring \u017beligowski and fix up my hussar wings . 
  they do , however , have reportedly pretty good land-to-air rocket systems which may be able to deal significant damage . 
  the ground crew and the pilots are british , though . 
  poland borders with russia , just as the baltic states , which do n't really have any fighter jets on their own and depend on the nato to protect their airspace . . 
  [ referenced ballot ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/stimmzettel-anschluss.jpg ), 
  i 'm quite sure they rounded up a couple of people for a trip to syberia after that . 
  tis but a scratch !, 
  we still have the su-22s , only slightly newer . 
  they are especially dangerous as you have no idea when they are going to plummet to the ground . 
  some of our military officers know some danish as they were meant to invade denmark . 
  you 'd have to provide logistics for distributing pork . 
  lots of it . 
  we 'll ~ ~ invade ~ ~ * invite * them later . 
  and hitler riding a kangaroo . 
  it can be interpreted in many ways . 
  using only the data provided you might argue that the job market in the uk or ireland is more rewarding for people with tertiary education than the job market in , say , greece or italy . 
  another thing you might want to conclude given only this chart is that a significant of the immigrants in countries like portugal , spain , france , greece are poorly educated , and you might want to find out why it 's so , compared to , for example , former eastern block countries . 
  is it the climate , economic prospects , or maybe are there other reasons ? 
  this data can be used as a starting point in your own research . 
  it 'd fit well in / r/propagandaposters edit : it 's already been posted there , but for some reason it had no thumbnail . 
  by the way it 's a great subreddit . 
  vote should be taken in as neutral setting as possible , not with an army rolling in front of your windows . 
  he probably would n't be okay with someone making money off his work , which he happened to do for free and with intention of its effects being available for free . 
  slovakia always takes the best mountain bits . 
  why do n't we go and defend the polish minority which happens to be on vacations there ? 
  if you have infrastructure , then they are not . 
  but building proper infrastructure takes a few years . 
  nah , our lorry drivers are making a killing in the west . 
  it 's your bloody lorry drivers . 
  it 's nice that you can get the names on facebook . 
  you can get a draft list for the ~ ~ cannon fodder ~ ~ reconnaissance battalion should there be a need for one . 
  who proposed that ? 
  on the other hand , should a counter-offensive take place , it would also likely be one of the primary targets . 
  well , they are small , flat countries . 
  in case of war with russia belarus would surely also participate , which leaves them surrounded . 
  sort of like september 1939 in poland except that the attacks from belarus and russia would probably take place at the same time . 
  poland being the only bordering country could do nothing in this scenario as we 'd be busy defending our eastern border . 
  a good point , but i do n't think that 'd end well . 
  do you think a group of armed men would just give up and peacefully let the police cuff them ? 
  interestingly enough , as of last year 1 in 32 of them was polish . 
  if we sent a medium city there we could have a colony . 
  if you ever do ukraine or russia you might consider naming it `` kwa\u015bniewski 's eastern partnership '' . 
  he never refuses a drink . 
  [ \\ [ 1 \\ ] ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ueorn9asdw ) [ \\ [ 2 \\ ] ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwidsdy7qt0 ), 
  he 's a vice-president of the european parliament , he got drunk during a flight , landed in frankfurt , he was barely able to walk , called a security officer who tried to help him a nazi and ended up arrested . 
  it 's a very recent event . 
  it 's a surname . 
  not german . 
  that 's true , but it 's hardly 123 years taken from the history of your country and it hardly continued on for a couple hundred of years . 
  russia is seen as continuation of the soviet union , which is seen as continuation of the russian empire . 
  polish national identity was born when today 's poland was occupied by the russian empire , you wo n't ever be able to change it , hence most people are not very pro-russian , especially as some of them remember moscow having power over their lives for at least part of their life . 
  there 's little point in hate going on , but some of these people do n't want to have anything to do with russia . 
  not to mention previous wars and more than a century of occupation in poland . 
  we 'll get another gibraltar ? 
  we should also get the liechtenstein infantry , czech navy , baltic fighters and polish bombers . 
  a few icelandic armoured divisions would also be handy . 
  now see how many of them are able to speak a word of polish . 
  the initiative was shown on many websites frequented by marijuana users as well as supporters of legalization . 
  these people are not members of parliament and do n't make law , the parliament is not very keen on decriminalizing any drugs as they do n't want to lose voters ( more people are against decriminalizing than for it , usually older people ) as the two main political parties are very close when it comes to percent of supporters . 
  you should try posting in / r/travel . 
  yup . 
  in poland you can see their replicas in museums . 
  and that 's where they belong . 
  how many of these are shown on the map ? 
  the representatives were just mediators . 
  the decision was still up to the ukrainian government and oppositions as to whether accept compromise or not . 
  actually it depends on a topic . 
  it 's either eu is banana-regulating evil piece of shit or eu is great .
