  actually women tend to have a higher social mobility , you can see it for example when looking at gender breakdown of various countries ( women tend to live in more urbanized places ) . 
  germany 's map seems to be the most interesting due to the east/west divide . 
  not to mention that the landlords are less than happy if at all willing to take part in that process . 
  well , i do n't happen to have been born in a country which uses a highly wanted language , and there are very few options for moving to countries with lower cost of living ( probably just romania and bulgaria ) , so it 's not really applicable . 
  in poland you start school at 7 , then attend primary for 6 , middle for 3 and high school for 3 years ( 4 for technical one ) , add 5 years of tertiary on top of that ( 3.5 + 1.5 or 3 + 2 ) and you are 24 or 25 when you finish your studies . 
  in poland they do , but admission is decided by a points based system calculated by . 
  i live on the other side of the city and i get 5 points out of 100 , which guarantees i ca n't get it . 
  it is really affordable for these who can get in , though ( 350 z\u0142 a month for a basic room ) . 
  a room in a shared apartment can easily be twice that or more ( although it is also much better in terms of privacy ) . 
  that 's interesting , i 've never heard about it before . 
  the ones which ca n't live - yes . 
  to give you some background on this cunt : as a director of one of the hospital he refused to perform abortion on a fetus with severe deformation , claiming that his beliefs do n't allow him to perform the procedure ( which he had unfortunately right to do ) . 
  he also failed to point out another place where an abortion could be performed , despite him being required to do this by law . 
  more than that , he purposefully deterred the patient from performing the procedure elsewhere by lengthy unnecessary procedures , which left the woman with no choice other than to give birth . 
  the child died shortly after birth . 
  for that , he was fired by the president of warsaw , which he is now appealing in court . 
  can you cite any studies about gmos being unhealthy ? 
  looks like a version of [ liberum veto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberum_veto ) . 
  what if someone hotlinks to my website ? 
  for organizing a conference with mix of theology and environmentalism ? 
  any sane person should shit on that . 
  the tax rules resulted in protectionism of polish shops , which is illegal under the same law which was used to make apple pay overdue taxes . 
  i do n't know about sweden , but in poland foreigners can just lose the document itself , you ca n't revoke their licence abroad . 
  pis did n't get majority of votes . 
  they won because a lot of other parties were under the minimum threshold . 
  kaczy\u0144ski is pushing glorifying his brother on totally unrelated ceremonies , i ca n't see how you can think he 's not moron at all . 
  schengen has nothing to do with freedom of movement of workers and capital . 
  it means you do n't have to show a passport at the border . 
  except that 's a new law . 
  holocaust denial laws were introduced decades ago and anybody who touches then now will get absolutely destroyed in eyes of the society . 
  there is a obvious difference between not having an institution like that and crippling an exiting one . 
   polish government is still treating most of its emigrants as part of poland 's population . 
  yup . 
  a person who has been in the uk for 6 years , got married and has kids there , but did n't unregister his permanent residence is considered to be `` temporarily abroad '', 
  the population is holding steady because gus counts people who are zameldowani but abroad for years . 
  nobody bothers with unregistering . 
  well he certainly does n't work for a polish programmer 's salary , he was probably transferred , but kept the salary he received abroad . 
  sure it is far , but the current situation with the ct resembles how some of the more authoritarian leaders have started their careers . 
  well , if you perceive the recent constitutional tribunal reforms as attempt to make the ct toothless , then i ca n't see how you can not see this as first step to take over power . 
  really ? 
  i 've never seen anyone saying that . 
  or in the suicide business ? 
  source ? 
   they will find a way to reroute traffic and busses . 
  now see the problem is that buses are not the backbone of krak\u00f3w 's transport . 
  trams are . 
  and they are not easily rerouted . 
  the transport grid is stressed enough when there 's nothing special going on . 
  meh , mostly on catholic church . 
  they are treated very unfairly by the local government ( they got like 95 % rebate for buying land recently ) . 
   thats like gym membership . 
  sometimes you add money and not use the service , and sometimes the service adds money . 
  thats their buisness model . 
  yeah , but for the next few days the public communication will be unusable . 
  they plan on marching through city centre , cutting our transport grid into three separate pieces . 
  and i 'm not getting any leave from my company for that time . 
  there 's no lech picture , like they did with lenin on 4th may . 
  threats tend to be like that . 
  but schengen has nothing to do with migration from bulgaria . 
  it 's every bulgarian 's right to live and work in any eu country as they please , in schengen or not . 
  you are fucking delusional if you think catholicism can do any good . 
  are you really from poland or from under a rock somewhere ? 
  how many people over here are culturally catholic but do n't give a shit about the church ? 
  i 'd say the majority . 
  you are in a minority then . 
  in poland they struck the constitutional court down after getting ~ 38 % votes . 
  visegrad army while we ca n't agree on much simpler matters ? 
  good luck with that . 
   raper you probably meant rapist . 
  you are thinking of schengen agreement . 
  uk is not in schengen for example and has border controls ( with the continent anyway ) . 
  then they should n't call that single market because it is not . 
  they want free trade agreement - they should ask for that . 
  freedom of movement is not related at all to migrants since they are not citizens . 
  please educate yourself before you start spewing bullshit . 
  i remember that the opinion was the same at the time of the swiss referendum . 
  there was no official statement back then because the swiss never officially asked . 
  sure you do . 
  i am paid to do shit for 8 hours a day . 
  the pay fees to the eu , have to apply a fair bit of the directives , are members of schengen area and have no vote on any of that . 
  is the uk keen on a deal like that ? 
  they are anti everything which criticizes them for what they do . 
  they are populists who gain power by polarization of society . 
  germany is certainly a more attractive political partner . 
  it was certainly the one we focused on in the last decade . 
   see no reason why free trade would be dependant on freedom of movement . 
  it 's not free trade . 
  it 's common market . 
  you can still have a free trade agreement of some sort without that , but it would n't be as good as common market . 
  undemocratic actions like ignoring a referendum like this can be basis for suspending right of the eu members . 
  not at all . 
  we negotiate within it when we want to have a counterweight for france and germany , but apart from that there 's little cooperation at all . 
  yeah , states have no foreign policies . 
  i am not quite sure what you meant there . 
  you got it all wrong . 
  free trade does n't involve freedom of movement of workers , but a single market does - how can you compete with a local company if you ca n't move there to set up your own business ? 
  it is not common market then . 
  just a trade agreement . 
   there were many jokes about lgbt but never in presence of representant of it and never with hate . 
  wasnt there funded mosque recently in capital ?
