  we do n't really have a word for gangbang , the closest phrase i know is group sex . 
  but they could have been at least a bit more creative with translation . 
  if it does n't make you feel special it means that you have n't drunk enough !, 
  you were fighting against [ worms ] ( http://www.niezgrani.pl/wp-content/uploads//2013/03/worms.png ) ? 
  just translating news from their current front page : - 5 milions germans annually are tricked by direct sales scams - a stradivarius stolen 3 years ago has been found . 
  - they were liquidating the warsaw ghetto , they were guards in concentration camps , now they are living peacefully in the usa . 
  so yeah , a slow day . 
  you can also apply for a place in izba wytrze\u017awie\u0144 , the most expensive hotel in the city !, 
  [ here 's a video from one of them ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-ec3mnmovq ) the last guy was french , and the police would have probably called a taxi for him but he gave an address on the outskirts of paris . 
  he also demanded a talk with our prime minister . 
  [ link to the article ] ( http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/5,114944,14358601,_co_wiesz_o_polsce_____zapytano_uzytkownikow_serwisu.html?i=0 ) the bastards translated `` got gangbanged by germans and russians in ww2 '' to `` poland was attacked by germans and russians during the second world war '', 
  to be honest it uses so very specific language and so specific references to polish culture that translating it is not an easy job . 
  but who were the soldiers - were they pows from 1939 ? 
  or maybe some lithuanians who ran to ussr ? 
  or mix of both ? 
  it 's really a non-issue . 
  if we were forced to use russian , on the other hand ... 
  poland was commanding the weimar battle group . 
  given that our commanders do n't speak german or french , or at least not at a military proficiency level , i think that they settled for english . 
  i do n't think that our military would fight for using polish over any other language in multinational formations . 
  somewhere in the future we are going to be in charge of visegrad battle group , commanding polish , czech , slovak and hungarian soldiers . 
  do you think that we could use any other language than english ? 
  the men in charge of these groups are veterans from iraq and afghanistan , so they are used to english . 
  i do n't know how it 's done to be honest , but the only practical common language for for example weimar battle group would be english . 
  it 's already rather well-known and the differences between the language groups are just too big to teach the soldiers one of local languages . 
  i can only think of austin powers while reading your ` hello ', 
  we should make a polish-lithuanian retarded driving commonwealth or something ... 
  you have n't seen polish roads in the 90s or early 00s , have you ? 
  shit . 
  as you can see the information about elections are rather obscure for an average jan kowalski . 
  i 've deleted the previous post . 
  looks like it 's smoke from a barrel hidden behind the upvote/downvote arrows . 
  unfortunately i ca n't get you any sources right now , you can try / r/askhistorians , but just think about it - there were nuclear warheads in legnica , borne sulinowo and \u015awi\u0119tosz\u00f3w , about 300 nuclear bombs . 
  in order to attack western europe you would attack most likely by land . 
  poland would have been an obvious route . 
  if i were a man responsible for stopping soviet advance , i 'd bomb the shit out of poland , especially these military bases , and hope that there was so much radiation and damages that nobody would pass that land . 
  in case of failure we were meant to be a nuclear desert . 
  in poland there is a joke that if you fail test ten times they will buy you a bike . 
  you see we have a lot of potatoes ... 
  it 's polish . 
  very polish , actually , as it bases somehow on slavic mythology and various legends . 
  very loosely and with huge amount of humour and swears , but yeah . 
  7:30 on monday in germany is a bit more politically correct to start anything regarding poland than 4:45 on friday ;p, 
  big , flat and in the middle !, 
  you just borrowed it for an indeterminate amount of time . 
  http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-z-kraju,3/zlodzieje-sami-zglosili-sie-na-policje-przestraszyli-sie-poszkodowanego,342182.html two young men went to a police station in jastrz\u0119bie zdr\u00f3j and reported that they had broken into some slot machines . 
  the thieves admitted to having stolen a few hundred pln and that they had came to a police station because they were afraid of the victim . 
  the owner of the venue where slot machines were placed recognised them on the recordings from cctv and since then have been calling them and demanding the cash to be returned . 
  as it turned out after short investigation , there were a few thousands pln missing and one of the mashines had been broken . 
  the men thought that the damages were worth much less than the owner reported and felt threatened by his demands . 
  they are now facing charges of a burglary and up to 10 years in prison . 
  you should put it in a frame and left your grandchildren to wonder what that weird thing on the wall is . 
  nothing extraordinary for polish summer , that 's for sure . 
  yup . 
  exactly what i meant . 
  i thought that it was clear that it was only on roads . 
  sorry for causing misinformation !, 
  i wrote that i am not going to tackle anything politics-related . 
  it would be a whole other thing if i did n't specifically state it , but i did . 
  yeah , but i went for non-political ones , and this one you posted definitely is political . 
  i am in need for rakija !, 
  to be perfectly honest i would n't have either but as you can see i was digging quite deep . 
  poland non-political mildly interesting : - 71st anniversary of the liquidation of warsaw ghetto - it 's been hot as fuck for a few days . 
  35 degrees at the moment . 
  the most popular beaches are literally full . 
  - 41 dehydrated children were admitted to hospital after they had been waiting for several hours for a bus . 
  the police are investigating if their custodians have committed a crime or not . 
  - a woman left a child in her car , the police broke the windows and saved the child . 
  as it turned out , in the meanwhile the woman was applying for the local police school . 
  she was fined 500z\u0142 . 
  - when is ' t not as hot as it is now , storms happen . 
  some trees have fallen and [ some cars were damaged ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fvrwjpz.jpg ) , there were power outages and people were injured . 
  - cctv operators in lublin recorded a 14 and 19 years-old drunk girls robbing and beating a couple . 
  they had 1.7 and 1.2 per mills of alcohol in their blood . 
  the older one is facing up to 12 years in prison now . 
  - a 4-years old was killed by a tree branch ( more like stem , really ) while posing for a photo for his father . 
  - a girl , probably drunk , drowned just a few days before woodstock festival is starting . 
  she got there a few days earlier most likely to get a good camping spot . 
  - a drunk man was trying to commit suicide in one of the worst ways possible . 
  he , along with his friend ( who did n't believe that he was serious about suicide ) were driving a car and then suddenly turned left and hit another car , a seat , head-on . 
  the seat driver died , his passengers were injured . 
  the man who tried to ` commit suicide ' got off with some minor injuries . 
  he is facing murder and attempted murder charges and is now under arrest . 
  if he is charged with murder he can get from 8 years in prison to life sentence . 
  - the longest extradosed bridge in europe was opened this week in kwidzyn - a man dug out some ammunition left over from the wwii while working in his garden , approximately 50 artillery shells . 
  - another man was found to be in possession of illegal firearms , ammunition and explosives . 
  he is facing up to 8 years in prison . 
  - a former ub officer ( think of polish stasi ) was charged of using tortures on prisoners in 1946 . the institute of national remembrance discovered paperwork which proves his guilt and informed the prosecutors office . 
  - a newly-built tarmac road melted 6 hours after the construction work was done . 
  - a woman had murdered a man and left his corpse to rot in her flat . 
  she confirmed killing him . 
  - a ukrainian articulated lorry driver crashed into some trees after swerving from one side of the road to another against the flow of traffic . 
  he was drunk . 
  - from now on people walking after sunset outside of the cities have to wear some reflective elements of clothing . 
  - a man fell between two tram carts losing both his legs in the process - a polish photo reporter was kidnapped in syria - the police are looking for a man who raped a 10-years-old boy . 
  they failed to stop him from running away despite firing warning shots - two windsurfers saved lives of two sailors who had fell of their boat . 
  had it not been for them , they would have most likely drowned - two criminals went to a police station and admitted stealing some cash because they were afraid of the victim who found out where they lived - yet another man was found to be in possession of mortar shells , elements of rifles , pistols and aerial bombs . 
  he dug them out of the ground . 
  4 of 6 mortal shells had active fuses and could have been set off . 
  it is the second time the dumb ass was arrested for this offence .
