  if these people are going to get into politics , i am getting the fuck out of here . 
  we are shifting from religious mild-extremities to political ones . 
  in poland the anti-religious laws backfired and the peak of religiousness here was during the last years of 80 's . 
  it remains pain in the ass to this day , because without religious voters you are not going to be a leading party in the parliament ... 
  it is going to take another 40-50 years for these people to die out . 
  we get that in poland . 
  and guess what - most people have never interacted with , not to mention having had problems , with any of these groups . 
  internet white knights are going to fight problems they do n't have . 
  ultranationalist don ~ ~ kichotes ~ ~ quixotes ... 
  aka the hat, 
  [ fixed link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/1efnng/19_arabicspeaking_redditors_decided_to_record_the/ca0jjl0 ), 
  if these words are formal , it makes them even more hilarious . 
  i ca n't explain why , it just is :d, 
  in poland we like jokes about czech republic 's navy  edit : and their language . 
  nah , that 's indonesia . 
  i call the `` silesians '' jedi-religion-like phenomenon . 
  some people ticked this box because they could . 
  yeah we only have some leftover germans along with ukrainians who were send there to fill in the houses left by germans . 
  some lithuanians and belarussians near the borders , too . 
  poles add up to ~ 96 % of population . 
  you can get one but only if your life is endangered or if you 've been raped . 
  there were even stories of doctors refusing to perform them on the moral grounds . 
  the articles cite sources which contradict each other . 
  you can see ones where poland is classified as eastern europe , and ones where it is classified as central europe . 
  there is no definite border , and the countries classify differently depending on a period in their history . 
  the only certain thing is that poland would n't be classified as western europe . 
  it 's not like there are viking fortifications at the polish-lithuanian border . 
  i also refuse to classify poland in the same group as russia , because due to both historical and cultural backgrounds of each of them , they are very different . 
  if poland is in eastern europe , then so is slovakia and lithuania . 
  the difference in culture between any of these countries is n't as big as between poland and ukraine or poland and germany . 
  which is the very definition of unemployment - people who are actively looking for work and are unable to get employed . 
  i 've never heard of other definition of this term . 
  they might be italian , my bad !, 
  i would n't even be surprised given the history of our nation . 
  our motorways are called autostrady , too . 
  that 's interesting , in poland we use more-or-less the same names . 
  probably due to the french influence . 
  if they have trouble with finding accommodation of their citizens , they can use the camps they 've left here and there . 
  although they have to call in some plumbers , because the showers do n't work as expected . 
  drinking w\u00f3dka whilst having a dinner is n't really that common . 
  the host might 've been worried that you could n't drink a lot , and a good dinner with a lot of fat helps with drinking . 
  in poland unless it had been announced before the party started , it would be taken as a slap in the face . 
  it might have been derived from polish `` ratusz '' , which was derived from german `` rathaus '', 
  i think that it 's pretty clear that these people did n't come there just to protest something , they wanted to riot a bit and get away without any punishment . 
  otherwise they would n't wear masks . 
  or attack peaceful bystanders . 
  the problem is that some of them are second generation immigrants , the citizens of uk . 
  you ca n't deport them , because they are legally at home . 
  i 've heard that joke but not about welsh but about kiwis . 
  or any conveniently located 24/7 off-license in the area . 
  in most of the bigger cities even if you are so drunk that you lose your way , eventually you are going to find a place to buy w\u00f3dka or piwo . 
  i 'd like that . 
  apart from the fact that the english claim the welsh fuck sheep i know next to nothing about wales . 
  i hope that he 's peeling a potato . 
  i 'd rather use `` relatively moderately wealthy eastern country '' . 
  i know that sentence is shitty to read but i think you can get the concept . 
  i think you can stay in the camps you 've left behind the last time you were here . 
  the camps are so great that people from all over the world come to visit them . 
  some even cry when they have to leave . 
  and by the way do n't worry about taking your cars - they are already here . 
  i guess we should expect germany ? 
  or poland . 
  i would love to see these from perspective of other european countries . 
  i know that there were a few regarding opinions about whole other countries , but breakdown by regions would be even better . 
  the problem with russian is the accent . 
  in polish , it 's fixed , not so much in russian . 
  slavic languages vary when it comes to grammar . 
  poland : people without any work experience receive 80 % of the base benefit - 794,20 z\u0142 for each of the first three months of unemployment , 623,60 z\u0142 in the following ones . 
  people with over 5 years of experience receive 100 % , and with 20 and more years 120 % . 
  anyone who fulfils any of the following requirements can apply : - there are no suitable jobs , internships , trainings , intervention works , social works ( collecting litter from the streets etc. ), 
  for him . 
  suitability is determined by the labour office . 
  - within 18 months before applying for the unemployment benefits has worked for at least 365 days : - any kind of job requiring contributing to the laubour fund including self-employment - in the army and was fired - abroad and contributed to the labour fund - abroad in a country being member of the eu the benefits last 6 months except for people over 50 years-old who had been contributing to the labour fund for at least 20 years - they receive benefits for 12 months . 
  there are some exemptions to these rules regarding some obscure cases . 
  everyone on the unemployment benefits has health insurance . 
  while receiving money the unemployed has to apply to every single job offered by the labour office . 
  refusal is going to void the benefits for 3 , 6 and 9 months respectively for first , second and any following refusal . 
  of course it 's not even near of a full description , but as with every bureaucracy like this it 's a bit complicated . 
  in poland as far as i can remember there are 2000 tatars as of today , and they seem to take a lot of space . 
  and the ukrainian language ? 
  while there might be a lot of ukrainian speakers in the south-eastern poland , i am quite sure more people there know polish . 
  i am quite sure you could paint most of the polish cities `` english '' by these criteria . 
  am i the only one who thinks that the colours are terrible ? 
  what 's this brown-ish spot in the middle of poland ? 
  is it tatar ? 
  or maybe welsh ? 
  on my monitor i ca n't even tell the celtic languages apart . 
  as a native speaker of polish i have to agree . 
  phonetics in polish are rather simple - you read it exactly as it 's written , with some quirks like \u0105 , \u0107 , \u0119 , \u0142 , \u0144 , \u00f3 , \u015b , \u00f3 , \u017c , \u017a , rz , ch , \u015b\u0107 , cz , d\u017a and some others like / psz . * / . 
  if you are able to pronounce these sounds , you 'll be fine . 
  it 's also worth noting that english is a rather simple language compared to many others , like most slavic ones . 
  is n't sonia a common russian name ? 
  one of the key characters in dostojewski 's `` crime and punishment '' was called sonia . 
  in polish there is a name waldemar , probably of the same origin . 
  do n't try to send us to any summer camps , though . 
  i might have mistaken some other language for czech . 
  the slovak language is actually more like i 've described , but czech is funny too . 
  but honestly i could n't differentiate between the two - i 've just watched some slovak and czech videos on youtube ;p the most amazing thing is that my parents , using only polish , could speak with croatians while on vacations 35 years ago - not many people knew english , and you would n't even admit that you knew russian . 
  that 's 800km away . 
  believe me or not but it is also veeeery hard for us not to laugh when you speak :d . you sound like you were using diminutive with every word .
