  unfortunately most motorways near where i live are toll roads , or at least they are going to be toll roads soon . 
  you hear sometimes about lithuanian lorry drivers on the news , so i can believe that . 
  but i would still like the accident rate to plummet in the following years . 
  oh , and by the way these figures do n't account for the population . 
  there are 80 millions germans , but only less than 40 million poles . 
  it 's pjn , it was started by some outcasts from pis . 
  these people were so ridiculous that they had to leave their previous political party and start their own . 
  it tells you something about these people . 
  i do n't think it 's limited to constitution only as the uk does n't have one . 
  ** poland ** - [ s\u0142awomir mro\u017cek ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c5%82awomir_mro%c5%bcek ) , polish dramatist , writer and cartoonist , died in nice . 
  he is going to be buried in krak\u00f3w at the beginning of september - we are hosting the [ homeless world cup ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homeless_world_cup ) - we are reducing our contingent in afghanistan from 1600 to about 1000 soldiers - some travelling agencies are going bankrupt , as they do every year , tourists have problems with coming home - we had a day off on thursday due to the polish army day . 
  a lot of people also took a day off on friday to enjoy a long weekend . 
  [ some soldiers and reenactors organised parades in bigger cities ] ( http://wiadomosci.dziennik.pl/wydarzenia/galeria/435592,1,defilada-na-swieto-wojska-polskiego-historyczne-wojska-jak-w-1920-zdjecia-galeria-zdjec.html ) - a political party wants to lift the seat-belt and no-using-phone laws , remove compulsory driving course before taking an exam , add countdown at red lights [ now it shows that they have n't done any research on the matter ] and also increase speed limits outside the city and remove speed limits on motorways [ they broke off some bigger party and now do n't have enough support to even get into the parliament , so they are trying very hard to find anyone to support them ] . 
  in other news ... - people are dying on the roads . 
  only on friday 6 people died and 129 were injured in car crashes . 
  there were 103 accidents , 500 drunk-drivers were stopped - it turns out you can lose your driving license for rowing under influence - [ the police opened fire to a man who , during a pursuit , ran over a policeman . 
  the driver was seriously injured . 
  ] ( http://www.rmf24.pl/fakty/polska/news-poscig-i-strzelanina-w-legnicy-sa-ranni,nid,1012198 ) - in wroc\u0142aw another policemen were attacked by a burglar with a knife . 
  after the policemen fired warning shots , the man surrendered . 
  - a man brought a bike to the top of giewont mountain ( 1894m ) and won 2000z\u0142 in a bet . 
  now he has to pay a 1000z\u0142 fine , - we are getting ready to fight off african swine fewer which is expected to spread from the terrain of belarus . 
  that 's about it . 
  a slow week . 
  i 'm wondering how the hell your * szuka\u0107 * ended up meaning what it means . 
  i guess that in poland we use every possible form of red available . 
  i guess it 's due to use of ruski ( protobelarussian ) during the times of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  something a bit similar to * rdzawy * ( rusty ) ? 
  there was n't melting pot friday thread this week , was there ? 
  we use `` krwawa zorza '' more often , though ( bloody dawn ) . 
  in polish we use ` rudy ' exclusively for colour of hair and czerwony for most other things . 
  i wonder how do they use these words down south ? ( croatia ? 
  serbia ? ), 
  we still have to find something to get rid of them :(, 
  and even more useless if you have to assemble them when you are attacked . 
  provide the data , then !, 
  it 's original content , draft to that , which means that the creator of this map is open for suggestions . 
  i 've informed / u/unjung about this thread , so he should take that into account . 
  that 's exactly the rounding of the bill . 
  i think that people who are above 70 years old should retake their test every 3 years . 
  that 's the age when perception , vision and reaction times reduce significantly . 
  they might be the most dangerous because they keep on driving regardless of their limited driving abilities . 
  in krak\u00f3w we have these bell-shaped containers for segregated rubbish in quite a few places , if you want to , you could recycle . 
  now , however , it 's mandatory , so things are going to change . 
  europe ends at ural mountains ( according to the most common definition ) . 
  european part of russia is big , most maps of ` europe ' do n't actually include it . 
  to give you some numbers , according to the definition above it 's 10,180,000 km2 for europe , 9,826,675 km2 for the usa . 
  we have also had quite a lot of reforms and now the universities are thinking of reintroducing entrance exams . 
  i 'm not surprised , we do n't even have any calculus or linear algebra in curriculum . 
  the language exams are also very lax . 
  is the finnish lion screaming because he 's just stabbed himself in the face ? 
  europe is bigger than the whole us . 
  ukraine is roughly the size of texas for example . 
  not to mention that europe has more than twice the population of the usa . 
  do n't you have any mandatory language exams you have to sit , like high school leaving exams ? 
   we do n't actually learn english in the mandatory education which languages do you learn then ? 
  it seems like we have different definition of ` fun ' over here ;p, 
  actually from my family experience ( i know , anecdotal evidence , but still ) most of them do n't return . 
  since 2004 they all got citizenship , got married , have children who attend british schools . 
  the same thing happens with people who migrated to germany . 
  if they have children there , they are not going back . 
  i think that it would be reasonable to use the flair of the country you are currently living in , and changing text so that it would explain in what relations you are with other countries . 
  this is useful because you are probably well-aware of the situation in the country you are living in . 
  what if we only leave the politicians in ? 
  can we have warsaw limited just to the city and surrounded by a big wall and angry dogs ? 
  well * technically * i can only pay more for disposal . 
  with segregation it 's twice as much as it used to be , without - quadruple . 
  in poland there was recently a change in law which moves the responsibility of rubbish collection from individual households to the municipality . 
  as an effect the cost rose , in case of my household , twice . 
  and the city has been unable to provide containers for segregated refuse for more than a month now . 
  i guess it will increase segregation ( at least at individual households , some companies throw everything on one pile anyway ) significantly . 
  well , at least in some eu countries . 
  poland first of all , we have 3 types of contracts : 1 . 
  umowa o prac\u0119 , a job contract under which you are under protection of the labour code . 
  umowa zlecenie , a contract protected by civil code . 
  no employee rights , basically . 
  you have to perform job leading to a given target , but you do n't actually have to accomplish the target . 
  example might be maintaining a computer network . 
  umowa o dzie\u0142o , another contract protected by civil code . 
  you have to achieve given target , for example write a website . 
  is a trade union required for temp or part-time workers ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  is there a minimum income requirement ? 
  nope  3 . 
  is temporary or part-time work allowed ? 
  yes , but rules vary depending on type of contract  4 . 
  is temporary or part-time work common ? 
  quite common , especially among younger and older people ( on their pension )  5 . 
  what are the minimum and maximum allowed work hours per week ? 
  no minimum i 'm aware of , maximum depends on the type of contract - job contract ( umowa o prac\u0119 ) does n't allow forcing people to work more than 8 hours a day and on average 40 hours a week ( over the period of 4 months i think ) . 
  overtime , on average , ca n't be more than 8 hours a week ( extra paid of course ) and there aresome other restrictions which could easily exceed the character limit of this post . 
  what are the taxes for employers and workers ? 
  let 's assume umowa o prac\u0119 ( job contract ) . 
  i 'm going to copy my older entry . 
  types of insurance : - `` emerytalne '' ( retirement ) - `` zdrowotne '' ( health ) - `` rentowe '' ( disabilities ) - `` chorobowe '' ( if you are sick that 's from where the money is taken ) - `` wypadkowe '' ( in case of accident ) legend : - zus - that 's the branch of government taking care of your insurance ( or not ) - ofe - that 's a private account from where you ca n't take out your money ; it is going to be used to pay your pension . 
  you can inherit money from there , unlike from the government account . 
  9.76 % of your salary ( including bonuses ) is spent on `` emerytalne '' . 
  in fact , your employer pays another 9.76 % - but you do n't have to care about it as long as he pays it . 
  it adds up to 19.52 % of your salary . 
  2.3 % of your salary goes to ofe , and 12.22 % , goes to zus . 
  you might 've noticed that we 're missing 5 % .
