  i hope they did n't . 
  there 's no need to give the police reason to shoot them . 
  there have been enough deaths . 
  that guy was a ukrainian man who was telling him not to go to the front because he is going to be shot in the head by a sniper . 
  the spring of nations and the autumn of nations have been already used as names , we 'd have to hurry up or wait until the summer . 
  unfortunately [ the fragment of video i translated ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1vvhnd/last_news_from_ukraine/cewccl8?context=3 ) was probably pretty accurate . 
  `` berkut left their camp . 
  at the same time they showed up on the instytucka street , they are beating people on the uniwersytecka street , i have been hit too , they are armed and they are shooting . 
  they stopped at [ chryszczatyk ] and i 've heard that they were ordered to fall back to their camp . 
  there were about a few dozen of the defenders at [ khreshchatyk ] , not more than 150 people , they ran back to majdan , at the moment people who are lying on the pavement are being taken away by berkut , the officers are using their truncheons , beating them , kicking , dragging around , are very aggressive . 
  i am standing on the side , i 'm a bit scared but for the time being berkut officers are paying no attention to me . 
  the yelling you can hear comes from berkut . 
  they are shooting , i think , their smothebore guns [ rubber bullets ? 
  ] , but when i got to the [ kruszewskiego ] street i heard rumours that recently one of the protesters was shot dead . 
  in normal circumstances i would n't even mention that because similar rumours could have been heard before , but apparently the bbc have confirmed that one of the protesters who climbed some sort of an arch on the top of the dynamo kiev stadium was shot dead and that his body was found to have been hit by four bullets . 
  i ca n't confirm that information as i have n't witnessed it , but the current situation suggests that berkut was ordered to leave their camp and attack . 
  at the moment there are about three to four hundred of them on the [ kruszewskiego ] street . 
  they are very aggressive , it 's hard to believe that the people you can hear yelling are police officers . 
  as i 've mentioned they were ordered to go back to the camp but apparently not all of them are willing to comply . 
  i am standing on the stairs in front of the dniepr hotel . 
  they are attacking again !, 
  you can see them waving their truncheons , shots can be heard , i ca n't see what 's happening on the [ khreshchatyk ] because i am behind the berkut lines , i 'd rather not move from here , it does n't look good but berkut is not moving towards majdan , they are regrouping . 
  in the background you can hear the shock grenades the berkut officers use . 
  if i get to keep the film you 'll be able to see the officers with guns , truncheons , there 's certainly a few hundred of them here . 
  the whole situation is a surprise because it was relatively calm the last night . 
  it snowed quite a bit , it 's cold . 
  [ a berkut officer is throwing something at the reporter ] there were fewer people , attacks were less frequent . 
  berkut is now falling back in a orderly manner , it might have something to do with [ stops ] i am in a bad position right now because the protesters are throwing cobblestone in my direction , also some sticks . . [ stops ] i have to go back a bit , i 'm going to try move closer to the hotel 's walls , i might be able to get some cover there . 
  at the sides there are the shooters , a shield wall was formed , they are falling back slowly whilst there is cobblestone thrown at them . 
  there are more and more protesters , they also have some shields , they set the shields down , kneel behind them and then , from behind the cover , they throw cobblestones . 
  unfortunately the shock grenades are exploding quite close to where i am . 
  the protesters are now attacking ... '' [ covers behind some wall ] `` a grenade fell near me but fortunately it did n't went off . 
  it 's lying there . 
  the protesters are throwing them back . 
  you can hear the protesters ' shouts . 
  berkut is still shooting , they are using most likely the smothebore guns , i have n't seen any lethal weapons [ i ca n't understand because of shouting ] . 
  i can see some sort of device that the protesters are using to shoot at the berkut . 
  incredible , i have not idea what it is . 
  it is firing fireworks , one after another . 
  it 's some sort of can at the end of a stick , it 's constantly shooting towards berkut . 
  i am now behind the lines of protesters , berkut fell back several hundred meters , you can hear cheering in the crowd which is advancing towards berkut positions . 
  there are n't that many officers there but they have grenades , tear gas and smoothbore guns which fire quite sizeable projectiles , i 've seen wounds inflicted by them to the protesters , eyes destroyed [ there hsa to be a better way to say that ] by the bullets , many people ended up in hospital due to that , everybody reminds that you should protest with some sort of eye protection on . 
  berkut stopped but the protesters are aware that they do n't have enough people to risk an attack [ 8:15 ] . 
  you can see a monk who 's been with the people since the protest broke out , he was walking amongst the lines of protesters and police , now he 's standing near me [ note the [ upa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrayins%27ka_povstans%27ka_armiya ) flag , not the nicest thing you can carry around ] he 's not getting close to the front , the protesters are trying to form ranks but it 's chaotic . 
  people wielding shields are moving to the front . 
  berkut moved back a bit more , the protesters are now on [ kruszewskiego ] street but every grenade forces people to move back . 
  you can see some people wielding sharp tools like hoes , metal bars , sticks . 
  quite a lot of shields and a few truncheons were taken from berkut in previous clashes . 
  as i 've mentioned before there is a lot of unconfirmed rumours which i am not very keen on talking about without any verification . 
  for the last few hours an information about missing activists , like [ igor \u0141uczenko ] could be heard , [ \u0141uczenko ] is a very well known person here , he 's one of the members of the council of the united majdan , also a great authority for a ton of young people . 
  he seemed to have disappeared , he was found yesterday in a public hospital and was moved to a private clinic . 
  it turned out that without taking an active part in a demonstration ( he 's very much against using violence , he was helping injured people ) and after taking an injured man to hospital [ this fragment comes from his own relation ] a few plain-clothes officers turned up and after he left the hospital about ten men arrested both him and the man he was helping , threw them in a black van and driven them out of kiev . 
  he was then interrogated [ beaten ] in a forest , he was especially targeted probably because he admitted to be living in lviv . 
  [ stops , sirens in the background ] . 
  ambulances are approaching , there have to be some injured by now '' [ continues ] they were first tortured in a forest , then they were blindfolded and driven to some kind of a metal garage where he was split up with the man he helped . 
  there was also another person in the garage but he could n't tell much about it , after 6-8 hours the people who kidnapped him figured out that he is the famous [ igor \u0141uczenko ] and started taking with him about his political goals while still beating him , he was then taken in some fields and left there , he then had to crawl to a nearby home and from there he was takento a hospital . 
  he 's been beaten badly , it is traumatizing as i 've spoken with a few people who ended up in the same clinic igor did , including a member of the opposing party . 
  the injured activists are guarded there by their friends . 
  a few hours after he was moved a policeman showed up at the clinic but igor figured out that he was probably there due to him filling out a report of the crime he was victim of . 
  we know nothing of fate of [ juri borycki ] who was kidnapped with him . 
  i think that the kidnapping was the job of people affiliated with , at this point i 'm not afraid of naming it like that , ruling regime of ukraine , and could have ended up , judging by the relation of igor , with death . 
  as we are speaking a few hundred people more have arrived here , mostly young but there are also older people , many of them are armed . 
  i am a bit to the back , 150m behind the front line , you can see a bit distant explosions of grenades . 
  this day stared horribly , it 's the first day that the undemocratic laws are introduced , freedom of speech is not longer a thing . 
  see you later . '', 
  that 's the whole thing , the translation is a bit shitty but you should get the general idea . 
  you seem to forget that severe burns indeed hurt people , and that 's most likely not the people who had something to do with the deaths you 've mentioned . 
  by treating police officers as subhuman how exactly do you expect to have higher moral ground ? 
  do you happen to weight as much as a duck ? 
  but there 's a mention of israel in the list below . 
  in polish `` skopje '' is a threat - it means roughly `` i will kick the shit out of something '' . 
  look up liberum veto in poland . 
  kind of similar . 
  would n't adding an official language require agreement of all of the eu members ? 
  or poland . 
  get your logic out of here !, 
  i want to complain !, 
  the 90 % figure counts people who were baptised . 
  only about ~ 40 % of people attend masses and then these are mostly older people . 
  young ( ish ) people in cities are much more likely to not give a fuck about any religion , and they are , i think , the people who emigrate the most . 
  religion is more of a cultural trait , if you asked me about my religion i would have said that i do n't believe in any god , but my father , who only attends masses during weddings/funerals/other ceremonies in the family would answer that he 's a catholic . 
  it took poland nearly a decade and it was considered fast . 
  i guess it will take serbia a bit longer than that . 
  the difference was that you had additional portion of sex - you were fucked by the state . 
   move to the us if they could get to the us they would have already been there a long time ago . 
  it might be confusing because the guy we call jagie\u0142\u0142o was his father . 
  he was busy beating germans . 
  his son is known as w\u0142adys\u0142aw warne\u0144czyk , from the place where he died . 
  accompanied by lieutenant vomit . 
  i am quite sure that had he not won the nobel prize and tried this in poland people would be either confused or ridicule him , probably not in the face , but still . 
  if you do n't speak polish you are basically a foreigner to polish people . 
  you ca n't fit in well . 
  a guy from slovakia is probably more polish by your definition than these people from chicago who ca n't speak polish . 
  he can communicate much better than them and culturally-wise slovakia is much closer to poland than the us . 
  but how polish can you be if you do n't know the language ? 
  you ca n't read polish books ( translations are more often than not shitty ) , watch polish tv shows , talk to many other polish people ( a vast majority is not very keen to have any longer meaningful conversation in english , mostly due to poor language knowledge ) , socialization in poland can be very hard , you probably do n't have any exposure on what 's going on in the country because you ca n't even watch news . 
  i would n't call all of them `` polish '' , really . 
  many of them do n't even speak the language , and i think not being able to speak polish is a definitive cut-off line for being polish . 
  it 's less important than a4 to ukraine , i think . 
  there are other atrocities which can be assigned to any of the mentioned nation ;p austrians destroyed walls of krak\u00f3w and fucked up wawel castle so that they could have nice army barracks and citadel .
