  you start with basic vocabulary and then each semester you learn something new , like new grammatical structures or vocabulary linked to some topics like ecology or school or transport or whatever . 
  you focus at reading , writing , listening and speaking , in that order . 
  if you really want to be able to communicate reasonably well with foreigners you have to be learning it for at least 4-6 years at school . 
  the last few years of learning english is just filling out grammar tests and writing short essays . 
  the outcome of learning the language at school depends greatly on pupils and their school . 
  there are usually 3 groups just before the matura exam - these who could n't use the language in real-life situations at all ( ~ 30 % on b1 test ) , these who know it reasonably well ( ~ 80 % on `` b2 '' test ) , and these who had already learned it on their own to a level exceeding the mandatory education and usually have some sort of certificate ( fce , cae ) or could pass one without much effort . 
  unfortunately the people from the first group still usually pass with the lowest passing grade , as without passing english you ca n't get your matura certificate which everyone is expected to get . 
  have i mentioned that 30 % is a passing grade ? 
  the other factor in the very low percentage of english speakers in poland is that people who are 40 + did n't really have opportunity to learn it and `` know '' russian or german instead . 
  i guess many of these who claim they can use english say it only because they had some sort of english lessons during their education but would be lost if spoken to by a native english speaker of any sort . 
  also in general the bigger and more touristy the city , the better english you can expect . 
  the countryside is usually hopeless for people who do n't speak polish . 
  my keyboard hurts . 
  if you want to contribute to improving english proficiency in poland please correct some of the mistakes i 've made while writing that monstrosity . 
  i bet i 've missed some articles and used wrong prepositions and tenses . 
  i 'm surprised at the number of tweets from poland , i do n't know a single person who actively uses it . 
  it is n't very popular . 
  i must have misunderstood you . 
  i thought that you wanted esperanto or something like this to take place of native languages . 
  yeah but it 's much cheaper to use english than any arbitrary language used by a handful of speakers . 
  nobody would voluntarily give up their mother tongue in favour of something such synthetic , without any history . 
  our language is part of our identity and many people died for this very identity because somebody wanted to take it away . 
  i think that if such a proposition would be made for example in the eu parliament everyone would laugh their asses off . 
  given that nobody would give up teaching english you actually meant trilingualism , or in some cases , quadri - or even penta-lingualism . 
  bilingualism is already a fact for most of the young europeans - i ca n't see any reason why english , or for example german , ca n't be the lingua franca of the whole continent . 
  how many years would it take to develop such a language ? 
  even given that we would use esperanto , how many years would it take to train enough teachers for the whole europe ? 
  how many years would have to pass so that at least 50 % of population can speak fluent esperanto ? 
  we can have effects nearly instantly with english . 
  yeah , but on the other hand i 've been learning english for the better part of my life , and you ca n't really invent a language which would be good for all europe . 
  it would have to have a completely new vocabulary or it would favour very specific languages/language groups . 
  i 'd settle for english . 
  i think you a word . 
  i do n't think that it marked the beginning of the warsaw pact collapse . 
  it had already been collapsing , look for example at the elections in poland earlier that year . 
  it was just easier to send photo reporters to berlin and the event was much more dynamic and sudden than elections . 
  these are probably ukrainian or russian cigarettes . 
  they are much cheaper than ours . 
  in case of poland for example we are not talking of either nuclear or any renewable energy . 
  we are talking of either coal or nuclear . 
  more than 90 % of power comes from coal . 
  it 's not offensive saying that we do n't have technology yet . 
  it 's a sad fact . 
  polish energy is produced in 97 % from coal . 
  . . and bombed the shit out of germany with leaflets . 
  what 's the difference between parrot ? 
  the parrot is more . 
  could you write which city you are from , please ? 
  basing on your post history i guess it 's a city in portugal , probably lisbon ? 
  why is jugos\u0142avia a case against the eu ? 
  joining eu is voluntary . 
  you can opt out whenever you want , with economical but not military consequences . 
  again , russia is a threat - economical one . 
  you certainly do n't live in poland , belarus or ukraine - the gas politics is one of the biggest factors in that war . 
  we have no choice but to use the russian gas . 
  they can cut it off whenever they want and charge us whatever they want . 
  i agree that you do n't need political union to trade , but common law makes sure that the definitions of what you trade are common within the eu . 
  not to mention you do n't have to pay custom duties on the internal borders of the eu - but to make it feasible a system of common laws has to be arranged so that for example the government of say romania would n't force people to work as slaves . 
  as with military alliances look up polish alliances in september 1939 and tell me which allies did something apart from tutting hitler . 
  and some of them might be working abroad . 
  if you can remember acta and [ the protests in poland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugd8tjj3xek ) now you know why there were so many people against it . 
  piracy is for many the only source of games . 
  people have been afraid of yet another big war on the continent since 1945 . 
  for some these fears became truth - look at the fall of yugoslavia . 
  with closer economic bonds the war is less likely to happen . 
  russia is also a threat . 
  is n't it just perceived corruption ? 
  it can also include people who lived through the cold war and the corruption back then was undoubtedly very high ; they still remember it and keep reporting high corruption . 
  you ca n't deny that corruption in 1980s poland was lower than in any non-warsaw pact european country . 
  the inhabitants of the city were about 50:50 polish/ukrainian . 
  in the countryside surrounding the city , the majority were ukrainians . 
  vilnius had a majority of poles when the war started as far as i can remember , then the biggest majority were the jews ( wilno was sometimes called the jerusalem of the eastern europe if my memory serves me right ) and then there were lithuanians , but the countryside was similar to lw\u00f3w - the poles were a minority . 
  edit - according to some sources 2/3 of the lw\u00f3w population in 1944 were poles , and so were 4/5 of the university of lw\u00f3w employees . 
  you certainly meant you would n't mind living in poland if you got to keep your current salary ;p lviv is not much different than some polish cities - it used to be one of them . 
  actually one of the 3 major culture and science centres - warsaw , krak\u00f3w and lw\u00f3w . 
  of course the people are different now , and ukrainian culture affects the city a lot . 
  you can get eurail pass in poland , but you ca n't use your global or select eurail pass here . 
  [ here 's a link to cuntry pass for poland ] ( http://www.eurail.com/eurail-passes/one-country-pass/poland ), 
  on the other hand it might have been the driving algorithm 's fault and the driver tried to avoid hitting something . 
  you ca n't rule that out , especially as it 's a very young technology . 
  fortunately with that much of computing power and data storage these cars will have , there will probably be a `` debug box '' or black box . 
  the parsing of the data from sensors to be exact . 
  how do you know it 's a road and not someone 's driveway ? 
  is that a cyclist ? 
  is he stretching his arms or indicating the direction he wants to turn ? 
  [ here 's a nice attempt to make some sort of basic wikipedia in one of these ] ( http://isv.wikinet.org/wiki/glavna_stranica ) although i found them a bit harder to read than my czech friends . 
  i should have written that it sounds like a mix of polish and russian . 
  it has much more common vocabulary with polish than russian . 
  for an untrained ear these languages sound about the same . 
  not to mention that 30 % of ukrainians say that russian is their native language . 
  i think that in crimea the vast majority are russians . 
  well at least he is not a minister . 
  i would n't even know about his existence if you had n't posted it . 
  [ we also do . 
  ] ( http://ssc.siskom.waw.pl/nowa-mapa.png ) people do n't notice because these roads are usually built in places they do n't use to commute . 
  [ here 's another piece of statistics . 
  ] ( http://imageshack.us/a/img21/6844/vx57.jpg ) wait until the elections and the express-ways are going to start being built . 
  the tolls suck , though . 
  [ here 's another graph for motorways . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/dd/pl-motorways-pl.svg/800px-pl-motorways-pl.svg.png ),
