  [ our biggest one ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/06/24/e8/z15213574q,demontaz-pomnika-lenina-w-nowej-hucie.jpg ) was , i think , bought by a swedish millionaire , big bengt erlandsson . 
  in 1979 someone tried to demolish it with explosives but the crucial charge fell off and shattered all the windows nearby . 
  the choice was not random - poland is one of the countries with the most impact on the eastern partnership . 
  as to him being an amateur - i 'm not going to comment on that . 
  he 's done more than any swedish diplomat despite sweden being one of the countries which made the eastern partnership possible in the first place . 
  and more than that the delegation achievet relative success , . 
  polish fm was designated as an envoy by the high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy , catherine ashton . 
  you are the one who is misinformed . 
  you ca n't even tell the prime minister from the minister of foreign affairs . 
  a man in a military uniform , a sheet of paper , and a flag seem to never mix well . 
  maybe some , but not all . 
  mainly the western ukrainian nationalists . 
  in polish it 's janukowycz or janukowicz , depending on the source . 
  there are many subreddits that would n't really mind some new contributors , / r/eurosceptics is one of them , but it 's true that it might be easier to try your luck here . 
  could you give some examples of these posts which were down-voted to hell ? 
  i 've noticed that the voting trends can change rapidly after just one post pointing out some things . 
  there 's no denying that people are less happy here with eu-sceptic posts , but not to the degree that every valid post would be downvoted . 
  it 's more like non-contributing pro-eu posts are just upvoted more . 
  while i agree that this subreddit is very pro-eu , you can always balance it off by going to / r/eurosceptics , or , if you are brave enough , to / r/worldnews . 
  you should n't really rely on the names of subreddits , see / r/holocaust . 
  i 'd say that the eu-russia sphere of influence struggle was more of a catalyst for the events . 
  their primary goal is to remove the current government which is too corrupt . 
  they should do well at taking the enemy from behind . 
  it 's still a progress , we should see how the plan of forming a coalition is going to be implemented . 
  the most important thing now is to stop the bloodshed on the streets . 
  they might have committed a crime against humanity . 
  no exceptions with sentencing them should take place . 
  nor should they avoid prison ( or prison hospital ) if they are found guilty . 
  there are plenty of cities/villages with interesting names all across the europe . 
  somewhere in schleswig-holstein there 's a village called `` huje '' which in polish means the same as `` dicks '' , but is much more vulgar . 
  i even turned back to see the sign again and make sure that i had n't misread it . 
  i 've read somewhere that he 's a professor at the kiev polytechnic institute , ca n't really confirm it though . 
  i 've seen a video in which they approach an ambulance . 
  the wounds seem to be fortunately quite minor , although they do look bad . 
  the three countries ' representatives sometimes meet as [ the weimar triangle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weimar_triangle ) . 
  but this time , as / u/savannajeff mentioned it has more to do with the eastern partnership . 
  one of the other groups in which poland participates is [ the visegrad group ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr%c3%a1d_group ) . 
  i 've read somewhere today that all of the members are ready to provide medical aid to ukrainians wounded in the clashes with berkut , but they need to get to a border crossing first . 
  in poland at least it 's a decision of the ministry of interior to give help to all ukrainians regardless of their visa status . 
  a dozen or so wounded have been treated after the january clashes . 
  edit : about the visit of the representatives tomorrow in kiev : according to [ this ] ( http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-z-kraju,3/sikorski-udal-sie-do-kijowa-w-czwartek-spotka-sie-z-janukowyczem,400016.html ) , which seems to be official statement of the ministry of foreign affairs : - the visit is official , the representatives were asked to go by the high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy , catherine ashton . 
  - the visit is going to take form of the previously mentioned weimar triangle ( france-germany-poland ) - our minister of foreign affairs has already departed to kiev , he is going to join/be joined by the diplomats from the other two countries . 
  the meetings are starting in the morning . 
  - the representatives are going to present the ukrainian side the official standpoint of the eu on the recent events and ask about the official standpoint of the ukrainian government . 
  - the ukrainian opposition , the government and the ukrainian president are going to participate in the meetings - it 's been already confirmed by the ukrainian government that the head of ukrainian foreign diplomacy and yanukovych are going to be present in person . 
  - after the meetings the representatives of the eu are flying straight to brussels to participate in / whatever it 's called / about the events in ukraine . 
  - the ministry of foreign affairs is also going to bring some medical equipment in attempt to help the victims of the recent fights . 
  it might have ricocheted off the stairs , but you are probably right . 
  i have n't noticed that . 
  i guess that it 's perfectly possible to get this much votes in that time . 
  undoubtedly , but i do n't think the current statistics take that into account . 
  let 's also not forget that the threshold has to be achieved in 7 eu countries , and it does n't really look like the initiative is going to succeed quickly in that . 
  and i guess that at least some part of the votes is invalid - for example cast by under-age people or under fake identity . 
  i 'm quite sure that if you pick a representative sample of polish nationalists some of them are going to find a reason to at least kill the other polish nationalists . 
  that 's the most plausible possibility . 
  i do n't know which one , though . 
  they 'd kill each other before the rocket even takes off . 
  well , poland strong , poland big , i guess ? 
  members of svoboda would not agree , for obvious historical reasons . 
  it looks like the man who was removing glass ( the one on the right ) looked back just before the shots were fired , which might suggest that someone was approaching him . 
  if the gunman was in the crowd i 'm fairly certain that the people would n't have been so calm and would start to run away from him . 
  the gunman might have been trying to shoot some `` warning '' shots in the ground through the glass ( just in front of people ) but because of apparent lack of any training he sent a load of ricochets in the crowd . 
  then again it 's a very far fetched theory as i really ca n't see any marks on the ground suggesting ricochetting and it 's pointless to speculate anything over a single video anyway . 
  [ here 's an actual article and not a three-sentence-long something . 
  ] ( http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-z-kraju,3/premier-za-sankcjami-wobec-sprawcow-ukrainskiego-nieszczescia-kaczynski-nagrodzil-go-brawami,399852.html ) he is calling for personal sanctions on the government of ukraine , involving introducing visas for travel ( or denying entry to the eu ) and freezing their bank accounts . 
  in the land of anarchy nobody gives a shit about anything , i guess :d, 
  not that bad if you know what it is . 
   maybe it will add a little paperwork but that 's it . 
  and that 's why the talks were halted , not cancelled . 
  the eu is waiting for switzerland to introduce laws that are going to guarantee that the scientists are not going to have more problems working in switzerland than in any other country with the same treaties . 
   they 're not changing anything to the movement of capitals as far as i know . 
  that 's true , but if the quotas are introduced and the eu uses the guillotine clause the swiss market is going to be separated from the market of the eu until maybe there 's another treaty addressing that issue , but its creation is still in a quite distant future . 
  the eu does n't want to stipulate science in a market its workers ( the main beneficiaries of research ) do n't have access to . 
  and that 's the reason for halting these negotiations too . 
  it all boils down to the eu having no guarantee that the conditions for all of the current treaties are going to be satisfied . 
  if switzerland imposes quotas it 'd also lessen the benefits the eu has now from the current relationship with switzerland , which means that the swiss might need to be the ones who have to offer more in order to keep most of the treaties that were signed . 
  it might also be possible that all the treaties will be cancelled and then immediately renegotiated on new terms . 
  only time will reveal that . 
  edit : changed ambiguous sentence . 
  their country is based on democracy . 
  what you are complaining about are the problems of their system of government . 
  if they did ' t want the treaties to be broken or the negotiations to be withheld , they should have chosen a government which would n't have signed the agreement with guillotine clause in it . 
  edit : grammar, 
  actually it does inhibit all collaboration based on a treaty that is likely going to be broken , in this case the treaty regarding , amongst other things , freedom of movement , which is vital for scientific research ( due to freedom of movement of scientists and capital to fund their research ) . 
   why do anything then ? 
  to not give additional money to a country ( or its citizens , really ) which is likely to not use it as intended ? 
  i do n't think i have to explain why erasmus is going to be cancelled if the freedom of movement is affected , the grants for businesses are also not going to be used as intended because they 'd be given to companies in a closed market in which the companies from the eu would have a harder time to operate . 
  the money is basically meant to bring switzerland closer to other countries , but it makes no sense to spend it if the switzerland closes itself to these countries . 
  not spending money is switzerland is quite a logical follow-up of the vote against freedom of movement . 
   they simply wanted power to better regulate the number of immigrants living in their country the guillotine case was well known to the swiss . 
  they had to be aware that if the do impose quotas , the eu would be in the right to cancel all agreements built upon the freedom of movement . 
  this might not have been their primary concern , but they ca n't hold a grudge against the eu for not wanting to cooperate with switzerland until the things sort themselves out . 
  you should try asking in / r/iwantout . 
  please read the sidebar before posting . 
  the swiss have recently voted in favour of introducing quotas on the number of foreigners who are able to work there . 
  it 's mainly going to affect eu nationals who now have freedom of movement in switzerland , i.e. 
  they can work there without restrictions . 
  as switzerland voted against the freedom of movement , it is likely that immediately after they introduce the quotas , the eu is going to cancel all agreements with switzerland which rely on the freedom of movement ( including free market access ) , which means that switzerland might currently not be the best location to move to , but it 's surely better now than after the treaties are cancelled . 
  i 'm not sure what are the current limitations for australians , but i guess that they might change later on . 
   25 years ago death sentence was abolished it was n't * exactly * abolished .
