  to add to that compare the russian politics with the germany 's . 
  to give an example of unpunished people you can read up on ribbentrop-mo\u0142otov pact . 
  there 's [ the body of ribbentrop ] ( http://i.imgur.com/asgpp89.jpg ) a few minutes after he was hanged for , amongst other offences , planning an offensive war . 
  mo\u0142otov died of natural causes at the age of 96 . 
  we are in the process of modernization of our army . 
  the spending is going to drop in a few years . 
  the engineer responsible for this is going to have a very bad time ,, 
  there was [ a similar accident ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katowice_trade_hall_roof_collapse ) in poland nearly a decade ago . 
  the [ roof collapsed under the weight of snow and ice accumulated on it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s7juwxb.jpg ) . 
  i remember it being on the news for quite a long time . 
  the last bodies were recovered after two weeks . 
  he 's a troll posting in every thread where russia is pictured negatively . 
  ignore him . 
  the march was part of celebration of polish independence . 
  it was broadcasted in many local stations and in some international ones . 
  it is not an internal matter of people who participated in that march as it was a public event . 
  if you think that what he says is wrong , then go ahead and explain why , as up to now you have n't added anything of value and limited your posts to accusing someone of lying . 
  poland is getting the gas from russia . 
  if russia wants to cut them off , it will . 
  they are not as picky as nazis . 
  they hate everyone . 
  been there . 
  it was a hell of a return from a wedding . 
  maybe it turns them on ? 
  not really , but i think that when ( or rather , if ) the russians are going to open their archives the name `` sikorski '' might pop up here and there . 
  yes , the conspiracy theories . 
  there is of course no proof but some people suspect that the british might have had something to do with that because of sikorski 's policies . 
  you can leave if you want . 
  nothing is keeping you here . 
  first belfast , then the uk , then europe and then the entire world !, 
  so it seems that the law is quite similar in poland, 
  the problem with poles serving in the uk army was that they were basically given cold shoulder after the war . 
  only a few selected airmen out of the entire polish contingent were invited to participate in the parade of the victors , so they turned their invitations down . 
  it would have been less insulting if they did n't invite anyone at all . 
  and there 's also the matter of sikorski 's death . 
  admittedly hese events took place long ago , but still . 
  i did n't mean to say that teaching anybody nazi shit was a good thing , but i wanted to point out that it 's not exactly illegal . 
  and this shit is illegal here too ( along with communism ) if it 's done in public , but it 's also by definition limiting freedom of speech ( which millions of people , including me , do n't mind ), 
  is the possession illegal though , or is it just selling the book ? 
  because the latter is limiting freedom of speech and not freedom of thought . 
  you can teach your children nazi ideology if you want to , ca n't you ? 
  these are n't that bad . 
  za\u017c\u00f3\u0142\u0107 g\u0119\u015bl\u0105 ja\u017a\u0144 comes to mind . 
   one of the only countries to limit the freedom of thought by law could you explain what you mean by it ? 
  an interesting example of carrot and stick diplomacy . 
  the only meaning of moszna in polish is ballsack . 
  it 's another slavic false friend . 
  it 's like szuka\u0107 in polish/czech . 
  i sense that when the temperature falls below zero for the first time this year the yamal pipeline might suddenly need some immediate maintenance work . 
  it sounds like diminutive of ballsack in polish . 
  as you might have noticed the first line states `` not complete '' . 
  i pick only the funny or interesting ones . 
  i have aversion to politics so if you wish to add some political news , either internal or external , related to economy or otherwise , or any news really , feel free to do so . 
  ** poland ** - not complete - [ some football hooligans were stopped and searched . 
  some weapons were found , including machetes , katanas and ... a mallet . 
  ] ( http://www.rmf24.pl/fakty/polska/news-na-ustawke-z-maczetami-i-tluczkiem-do-miesa-sa-zarzuty,nid,1056249 ) - [ a man who was running away from the police tried to hide under a carpet . 
  his feet were sticking out . 
  he was not caught . 
  ] ( http://www.rmf24.pl/fakty/polska/news-najmlodszy-diler-w-polsce-9-latek-handlowal-narkotykami,nid,1055910 ) - [ cigarettes and w\u00f3dka prices are going to rise ] ( http://www.rmf24.pl/fakty/polska/news-wodka-i-papierosy-beda-drozsze,nid,1055313 ) - [ the border checks on all borders were restored . 
  ] ( http://www.rmf24.pl/fakty/polska/news-przywrocono-kontrole-na-polskich-granicach,nid,1055253 ) - [ the priest who claimed that children crawl into beds of other priests was removed from the position of rector and will not be allowed to teach religion in schools . 
  he was also summoned to the prosecutor 's office but refused to talk about these incidents . 
  ] ( http://www.rmf24.pl/fakty/polska/news-stracil-funkcje-rektora-za-skandaliczna-wypowiedz-o-pedofili,nid,1055986 ) - [ due to some changes in law people who were imprisoned for cycling under influence and thieves who stole things worth less than 400z\u0142 are let go . 
  both of these crimes became misdemeanours . 
  ] ( http://www.rmf24.pl/fakty/polska/news-amnestia-dla-czesci-polskich-wiezniow,nid,1056175 ) - [ tomorrow 11 demonstrations are going to take place in warsaw due to the day of independence . 
  just to remind - it was in 2012 . 
  i noticed that too , but i 've done a bit of maths and it turns out that it 's mainly a very vocal minority . 
  when they start talking about muslims ( i wonder if they 've seen one in their life ) most of the people nearby suddenly find something else to do . 
  i ca n't understand written croatian ( 21/50 ) . 
  i think that audio samples would be a bit better than written words . 
  it does n't really matter , the universities train english teachers who tend to stay in krak\u00f3w . 
  near the city centre you are always within a few hundred metres from the nearest language school which all hire native speakers ( who tend to stay in bigger cities ) . 
  half of the available temporary jobs involve speaking english . 
  the young locals were required to speak english at the very least semi-fluently in order to be admitted to any university . 
  you ca n't really not know english there . 
  not to mention that krak\u00f3w and warsaw are the biggest tourism centres in poland . 
  just to clear things up - the jesus statue was an entirely private project started by some priest . 
  and his brother rzeczpospolita polska . 
  good luck speaking only english outside of big cities in poland . 
  the problem is that eventually can mean anything from 20 to 100 years . 
  all it takes for a polish graduate in most of stem-related fields to migrate is knowing the language and a few years of post-uni experience . 
  if i can make four times more money doing the same job in germany and i know german and nothing is keeping me in poland i am not going to stay here . 
  you forgot about the jews , freemasons and cyclists . 
  i wonder how much more would have been reported stolen if their former owners got to live . 
  and how many pieces of art are currently in russia . 
  ca n't you just fish some out of the canals ? 
  i wonder how much time would it take them to run away from poland ... 
  fancy a swap ? 
  for poland . 
  basically the nobility chose the king which would benefit them more . 
  wealthy and powerful noblemen , the magnates , were often lending money to poor nobles , gaining their votes . 
  when talking about the magnates they had their own private armies , one of their favourite pastimes between xvith and xviith century was conquering parts of russia and putting their own candidates on the throne , that 's the power i am talking about . 
  they wanted to be in power , so they wanted weaker kings . 
  each chosen king had to guarantee the privileges granted by the previous kings and add something atop of that . 
  an example of such privileges , granted centuries before , was inability to introduce new taxes without agreement of the knights . 
  it included taxes in times of war . 
  as more power went to the nobility the more important sejms ( think of it like parliament 's meeting ) became . 
  due to some unclear events it became possible for a single nobleman to dissolve these meetings , and in a hundred or so years they were dissolved once every couple of years . 
  the noblemen who were in debt were ` bought ' by magnates or other members of nobility to dissolve meetings they did n't want to happen . 
  add to that a lot of wars with ottoman empire , russia , sweden , cossacs and god knows what , sometimes simultaneously , and you end up in the end of xviiith century , between austria , prussia and russia , each having a powerful king/empress and a lot of soldiers . 
  we had a frenchman of questionable sexuality who ran away after a year , a swede who got us into a war we had no interest in and which ruined the country , a german who was able to bend horseshoes , pull cannons out of ditches and have an impressive number of illegitimate children but was unable to rule a country and finally a guy who wanted to fuck catherine the great so badly that he became the last king of poland .
