  now pis themselves ask the ct to check their new law . 
  the ct decides that while pis was right to pick the two missing judges , the nominations of three replacement pis judges is rulled unconstitutional . 
  again , president refuses to publish this one . 
  since the whole situation is inconvenient for pis ( their three illegally picked judges are barred from sitting in the ct by the president of the ct ) , they apparently decide to remodel how ct works . 
  the flaw of the current constitution is that it says that the ct is the only body having a say if something abides the constitution , the parliament can pass a bill ( with just a simple majority ) which says how the ct works . 
  they pass a new law about the ct which says the following things : - rulings have to be passed by 2/3rd of at least 13 judges of the ct - previously it was a simple majority , but to have 13 judges in the ct they would have to allow at least one of the illegally picked pis judge to take part in the process , effectively making them legal judges - the president or minister of justice can ask ct to vote to remove a judge - effectively when pis gets majority of judges in the ct they can remove all the other judges - the ruling ca n't be passed sooner than three months after informing relevant parties about the hearing ( six if every judge participates ) - there is no vacation legis for that law ( it 's effective immediately ) now the ct gathered , and ignoring this law ( they argued that if it 's not constitutional then by abiding it they would rely on unconstitutional law during the ruling ) basically wiped all the changes down . 
  again , pis claims that they did that illegally ( by ignoring the ruling itself ) , and the president refuses to publish the law . 
  and that 's basically the state of the events until this day . 
  the three illegal pis judges are denied from ruling , since they were not picked legally according to the ct , the president still has n't worn in the three po judges . 
  if the ct was to abide the new law , they could n't rule on anything ( they have to rule on important things with 13 judges , and there are currently only 12 ) . 
  the government passed law which basically crippled the powers of the constitunal tribunal ( not court , yeah , i done goofed in the title ) . 
  it includes such jewels like `` the ct ca n't rule about the legality of a law before 6 months have passed since it became an active law '' . 
  the constitutional court ruled that these laws about the ct are unconstitutional , but thy were passed with no vacatio legis ( basically no time to rule it unconstitutional ) , so the government refuses to publish this and several other rulings , because they think that the ct broke the very law they made unconstitutional . 
  now the government 's decision is quite controversial in the judicial branch , since it basically means that the government has no oversight from the judicial branch ( no separation of powers ) - because for ( an overdone ) example the government can pass a law that every member of the opposition can be put to death , and the ct ca n't make a ruling on that law until it 's been 6 months since it 's ` active ' . 
  that caused several courts , now including the supreme court , to accept the ct rulings despite the government ignoring them . 
  the supreme court 's decision is so important because if the government decides to put a judge of the ct on a trial , say because they broke the law the ct ruled invalid , the judge can escalate the case to the supreme court and be relatively safe . 
  sorry for link in polish , but pap has n't published any translations yet . 
  i 've seen adverts for job in poland which offer `` 20 to 25 days of paid vacation a year , depending on experience level '' . 
  that 's the very minimum they have to offer by law . 
  we have admitted like three ukrainian refugees the last time i checked . 
  the others are on temporary work visas or a long-stay visa . 
  it was pis who asked the venice commision to investigate . 
  i am by no means an expert in economy but polish economy is quite closely tied to the german economy . 
  they are our main economic partner . 
  more than that we have 1.3 fertility rate and basically no immigration with an already thinly stretched pension system . 
  i would n't believe that report . 
  where ? 
  fronda ? 
  poland has neither economy nor population to assume any kind of a leading role . 
  none of the consequences listed in my first post were proposed by po . 
  they did fuck around with the picking of the judges , but never went as far as paralysing the tribunal . 
  poland does n't have traditional dress . 
  wikipedia lists in excess of 50 different styles , and these have their own variations . 
  it was meant to be . 
  it shows just how ineffective the institution of the constitutional tribunal has been made by pis . 
  basically as of now the government can make a bill ( without vacatio legis ) saying that every member of the opposition should be publicly executed . 
  it would be against the constitution , but as of now the constitutional tribunal ca n't opinionate a bill before six months have passed since it was a law . 
  the tribunal also has to review all the previous complaints first , so you can imagine that the ruling party can submit 1000 complaints before they pass that law . 
  and in the end despite of the ruling , the government will ignore the constitutional tribunal as it 's been since january this year . 
  [ 8 out of 10 cats just after the carr 's story was published ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpzbooz2ccu ), 
  i 'd rather have a clear law than rely on technicalities . 
  there are only several hundreds legal abortion in poland a year . 
  all of them are performed either as result of a rape , when the life of the mother is a risk or if the foetus is damaged . 
  it wo n't help in any way to ban these abortions . 
  the seats on the sides of the marshal are reserved for people having certain functions . 
  the right side belongs to the government ( there is a variable number of ministers ) , the left side belongs to the president and various lesser but still important officials ( senate marshall , ombudsman etc ) - which is also variable . 
  for example a month ago pis handed the powers of prosecutor general to their minister of justice . 
  how nice of him . 
  judging by his nick his parents are witnesses to it . 
  [ less colorful version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lao4tbv.png ), 
  refugees had very little to do with pis being elected . 
  yes . 
  if he does n't get a paper from the parliament , he ca n't create laws or pass budgets . 
  he can suggest the parliament what papers to send him , he can even say he dislikes papers they send him and send them back once , but all he does is signing them . 
  the government formed on 16th ** november ** . 
  and the president ca n't do shit when it comes to the economy , he signs papers . 
  can you use a calendar ? 
  they ruled for less than half of q4 , and the economic effects are mostly the results of the previous government . 
  they were in power for the whole less than two months when 2015 ended . 
  no , they have to treat eu citizens as their own ( to a degree ) . 
  you are delusional if you think that 's the case . 
  ziobro ? 
  an interesting thing about him is that he was 5 votes short ( out of ~ 270 ) of being put in front of state tribunal for abusing power as the minister of justice . 
  as you can guess , he is now the minister of justice again . 
  there wo n't be early elections , previously they lost due to their coalition breaking up . 
  now they have majority , so even if they do some very crazy shit we wo n't get rid of them until their term is up . 
  why not ? 
  putting the whole issue under the rug and then having gay teenagers feel like they are aliens is not going to make situation any better . 
  i guess that he is quiet , does what he is told , answers to his name , and knows how to use his litter box . 
  he 's always been the minister of environment when pis was in power . 
  these adverts are not targeted at them . 
  they are targeted at their children - if they see that sorting trash is normal they might start doing it later on in life . 
  i 'm not saying that it has to be in public tv , but that 's the purpose of the advert or whatever you call it . 
  but how would we know who is gay ? 
  maybe we make them wear these nice armbands with a pink triangle ? 
  actually until recently my city charged more money for segregated trash . 
  my neighbours still throw plastic in general trash . 
  if you think segregation of trash has been very popular in poland for a long time - you are mistaken . 
  [ it 's the older guy ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/maciej_nowak ), 
  he was also the one who approved building a road right through an area ( or several areas ) with special environmental protection . 
  he refused to take into account alternative routes . 
  [ the european commission had to threaten with large fines to stop the already started construction . 
  ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/meetdocs/2004_2009/documents/dt/677/677664/677664en.pdf ) see page 12 . 
  [ i 've found these two images ( source in descriptions ) ] ( http://imgur.com/a/1nkpj ), 
  [ radio maryja ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radio_maryja#criticisms_and_controversies ) is so nuts that even the polish episcopate wants to have nothing to do with them . 
  they are heavily involved in politics as pis supporters . 
  nobody told me that thinking of gay people as subhumans is a polish value . 
  and i 've been living in this country for a while now . 
   also what the fuck does the minister of enviroment has to do with tv spots ? 
  the ministry of environment is responsible for dealing with environment-related tv spots . 
  the previous minister approved these spots . 
  there is absolutely no mention of the older guy being gay . 
  in one of the spots he plays santa , in the other some guy in the kitchen . 
  in both cases they show a child which was taught by the parents how to segregate trash , but apparently mere presence of a gay man is enough to shut these down . 
   thank goodness their are many other legitimate alternatives to get your daily news fix . 
  could you share some ? 
  in my city if they want to get rid of a director of certain branch of the city administration they assign him to the graveyard administration . 
  i 'm not kidding . 
  you have been banned from / r/warsaw . 
  it was near a warehouse which was blown up at the end of the war .
