  suspended sentence is basically banning them from ever returning to poland . 
  to fulfill the requirements for suspended sentence you have to regularly visit police stations , which you likely wo n't do from abroad . 
  not that i know of . 
  [ solidarno\u015b\u0107 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solidarity_ ( polish_trade_union \\ ) ) was the largest one , it was banned by the government and their more prominent members repressed for years until they basically lead the changes which removed it . 
  no doubt there were other but they never made it into history books and likely into the 21st century . 
  i agree that these laws should have been removed by now , but that 's basically a political suicide , so nobody wants to . 
  they were not an organized group i would assume . 
  these laws are quite hard to exercise since there is a large burden of proof needed for sentencing . 
  i assumed these would be in the manifesto , but you 're right . 
  which roughly translates to  existence of political parties or other organizations which in their programs or activities :   - refer to totalitarian methods and practices or nazism , fascism or communism   - assume or allow racial or nationality-based hate   - allow use of force to gain power or influence the government   - assume hidden structures or hiding their membership   is forbidden . 
  depends . 
  if it assumes using force to remove the government , yes . 
  the law was important following the years after the war , especially during resettlement of large portions of polish and german populations . 
  i agree that its existence these days is questionable , but proposing to remove it would be a political suicide . 
  it 's hard for me to say since i do n't know the motivation of the people who wrote it , but it would be a fair assumption . 
  which roughly translates to  existence of political parties or other organizations which in their programs or activities :   - refer to totalitarian methods and practices or nazism , fascism or communism   - assume or allow racial or nationality-based hate   - allow use of force to gain power or influence the government   - assume hidden structures or hiding their membership   is forbidden . 
  it is not . 
  which roughly translates to  existence of political parties or other organizations which in their programs or activities :   - refer to totalitarian methods and practices or nazism , fascism or communism   - assume or allow racial or nationality-based hate   - allow use of force to gain power or influence the government   - assume hidden structures or hiding their membership   is forbidden . 
  which roughly translates to  existence of political parties or other organizations which in their programs or activities :   - refer to totalitarian methods and practices or nazism , fascism or communism   - assume or allow racial or nationality-based hate   - allow use of force to gain power or influence the government   - assume hidden structures or hiding their membership   is forbidden . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  only if you are a close minded moron . 
  do n't make other follow books which you claim to follow but you 've never read . 
  it 's maximum , but if you do it at , say , auschwitz , you will get the two years . 
  most likely suspended though . 
  publicly promoting totalitarian system of governing . 
  hitting someone gets you up to 3 years . 
  in poland it 's considered as publicly promoting nazism , the penalty for which is up to 2 years in prison . 
  in poland for doing that he would get 2 years in prison to sober up . 
  but there are moderately high hills between us !, 
   the king in the north discussing the war plans in his comfy soviet apartment lies . 
  there is no kilim there . 
  it is also exploitation . 
  most poles live far enough from ukrainian border to make it a poor decision to go there . 
  not to mention the language barrier ( in writing in particular ) . 
  there was a discussion in poland about fees for medicine and it was made pretty clear that doctors would still benefit more by leaving poland , and if the fees were too high they would not start studying in the first place . 
   even in ee it costs a small fortune to educate doctors or nurses and them leaving is a massive loss in capital for ee countries . 
  maybe if hospitals did n't pay them minimum wage for well over the normal number of hours then they would not leave . 
  at least in poland . 
  these tend to impact the environment of rivers and lakes they are built on . 
  i 'd imagine criminals might target more affluent people more easily . 
  but i do n't know if it outweighs the positives . 
  if you google it it would unambiguously be the one in krak\u00f3w . 
  the question is when do you want to converge . 
  if it 's too soon then the outsourcing companies are not going to wait , they are going to move across the border . 
  competitive in terms of labour . 
  close that gap and you will have 50 % unemployment if you are lucky since a lot of our companies are basically outsourcing . 
  we will end up as ukraine 2.0, 
  he no longer associates with him after duda has mistakenly put a signature on his cat . 
  now they are . 
  they were certainly not when these phones were released . 
  there is no technical reason for not using more common screws like torx . 
  thinkpads - yes . 
  their ideapad series does n't have any sort of service hatches in many devices , you have to take everything apart to simply replace a hard drive . 
  older iphones used pentalobe screws . 
   america beat germany to gay marriage , but your healthcare system is decades behind most western countries . 
  and a century behind some of them . 
  no , if they kept their hands at that market and competed on others on merit of their services alone , they would be fine . 
  they are punished for giving their other products unfair advantage . 
  but greece agreed that it should in the sevres treaty , it 's not like it came out of thin air . 
   or are other countries not using them for student anniversary celebrations ? 
  i am yet to see a guy wearing tuxedo in poland . 
  not to mention he has trips to france , switzerland and dubai in his facebook photos , as well as attends an upper class college . 
  i mostly meant the frequency of usage of `` kurwa '' vs `` fuck '' in the population which migrated in the first waves . 
  even years after living on the islands . 
  i would n't go as far as `` spoken '' , but people in general have a much better knowledge of english than of german . 
  he 's not very well known . 
  i thought the current government claims it was kaczy\u0144ski , kaczy\u0144ski and kaczy\u0144ski ? 
  poland too . 
  the author of the original photo is karol szczeci\u0144ski . 
  he was a photographer by trade , as the war was ending he joined a military film crew . 
  he documented ruins of warsaw , exhumations of mass graves in warsaw , nuremberg processes . 
  after that he worked on [ polish film chronicle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_film_chronicle ) . 
  he was specialised in photos taken from the air . 
  he contributed to about 3 000 short features , nearly 80 documentaries . 
  have they paid off their other loans by the time they requested this one ? 
  yet they still use the same symbol , which is univerally linked with falanga . 
  than why do they use falanga for their symbol even when it was used by fascists ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_radical_camp_falanga and what about using fucking uniforms and flags ? 
  if they do n't want to be seen as fascists they are doing a terrible job . 
  yet they proudly display fascist symbols ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_radical_camp_falanga, 
  i 'll have 1000 of these , please . 
  we especially like the big paper depictions of the queen , james watt and matthew boulton . 
  has to be a bitch to clean these windows though . 
  you can see the plaster breaking off , depending on how the water removal system works some of the bricks also might be quite soft and break apart when hit with a jet of water . 
  for example the building i live in has stone up to ~ 0.5 - 1m off the ground ( it does not soak up water ) , so the brickwork is fine . 
  however the building next to it has real problems with bricks disintegrating at the bottom . 
  we call them `` dresy '' in poland . 
  it means `` a tracksuit '' , as they were wearing tracksuits in the 90s ( and some still are ) . 
  the highest concentration of `` dresy '' is in the post-industrial parts of cities . 
  and bitcoin , apparently . 
   poland is the richest country in eastern europe and ukraine is the poorest . 
  czech republic is definitely richer in my experience . 
  i usually arrive between 7:00 and 7:30 . 
  that 's the time the best parking spots are still available ( but just barely ) . 
  then i check emails and do stuff until 8:00 when i buy myself something to eat from the canteen . 
  most people in the office arrive around 8:30 and 9:00 ( in groups concentrated at these times - i know , weird ) . 
  if canteen opened at 7 i would have probably arrived even earlier to have more time in the afternoon . 
  as to what 's more popular i think arriving between 8 and 9 and doing their thing for 8.5 h is most common , since not everyone has flexible time . 
  [ well ... ] ( https://youtu.be/mmqqpey96r4?t=4656 ),
