  my favourites ? 
  czech and slovak . 
  they just sound ... funny . 
  does n't really matter what they are talking about . 
  \\ - 1,5 miliarda . 
  -- have fun translating these, 
  it 's going to change with time , i agree . 
  we differentiate between eastern and central europe because countries in central europe seem to change their economy way faster than countries in what we call eastern europe . 
  compare poland and ukraine for example . 
  we seem to be at least 10 years ahead of them , but the gap is going to slowly narrow down . 
  [ the police has also released mugshots of their associates ] ( http://designyoutrust.com/inspirations/animal-mugshot/ ) . 
  not at all ? 
  it 's not like they voted on that . 
  average spaniard does n't kill a bull a month for fun , either . 
  [ he barely made it alive ] ( http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/zbrodnia_w_lipnikach ) from a village which inhabitants were murdered by the [ uia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_insurgent_army ) . 
  his mother was shot in the head by one of these men because she was polish . 
  [ poland 1978 ] ( http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/miros%c5%82aw_hermaszewski ) , bitches !, 
  `` the ukraine '' is used in context of ukrainian ssr , part of ussr . 
  somebody who made the list never had opportunity of using our healthcare system . 
  it 's cheap because it 's mostly shit . 
  or at least seems to be shit from the patient 's point of view . 
  you should have told them that if they want to ever see their car again they should behave as if you were native !, 
  if that 's not successful , use holocaust guilt . 
  some germans indeed do n't like poles , but you can find brits or irish who do n't like us either just as easily as you can find the germans . 
  for engineering positions germany seems to be more welcoming than the uk . 
  especially as they do n't really have a choice . 
  education is compulsory until you turn 18 . 
  by that time you are in the middle of high-school . 
  tertiary public education is also free of charge ( with some limits , but still ) . 
  actually getting a visa to the usa is a real bitch , people are much more likely to migrate to germany . 
  but yeah , brain drain is quite common , nurses , doctors and engineers do n't mind moving abroad , especially if they do n't have a family to support ( and i do n't think medical residency system is compatible between the us and europe ) . 
  it 's still incredibly high !, 
  in poland the communist regime used schools in their favour , though . 
  by 1950s , 1960s the illiteracy rate was n't bigger than 3 % . 
  if the education continues the way it is going now baking cookies will be the only skill you 'll have after all that years of education . 
  poland strong !, 
  yet to get matura certificate you have to get only 30 % on your maths test and it 's too much for 1/5th of the population . 
  there is no calculus in the high-school curriculum . 
  we do very few experiments during our chemistry or physics classes because there is no proper equipment . 
  in each classroom in my high-school except for the languages there were more than 25 students , most often exactly 34 . 
  the quality of schools is decent usually only in the vicinity of bigger cities . 
  until very recently you were taught each event in history thrice - once in the primary , once in the middle and once in the high school . 
  in each we barely reached the wwii . 
  if this is high educational standard then i am afraid of learning how things look like in the usa . 
  companies enter polish market because we are willing to work for less money despite having the same knowledge . 
   living in london , i 've heard enough from and of boris . 
  could you enlarge on that ? 
  is he some sort of an eccentric person ? 
  hating russia is another requirement for obtaining polish citizenship , do n't you hate your country a little ? 
  i 've got you tagged as `` rusek '' in red , so things check out !, 
  nope . 
  uk has no obligation to enter eurozone and uses good old pounds . 
  denmark also opted out of the eurozone . 
  poland has to enter eurozone if we change constitution and fulfil some economical requirements , but that would be a political suicide at the moment and it does n't look like anybody here is in hurry to join the eurozone . 
  [ the swiss accidentally invaded liechtenstein because it was dark ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liechtenstein%e2%80%93switzerland_relations ) . 
  there were only 171 of them , but that 's still 171 more than the army of liechtenstein ... 
  eu is an economical and political union . 
  its main goals are tightening cooperation between european countries and creating a common market . 
  eurozone is group of countries which use common currency - euro schengen area is a group of countries which agreed on removing constant border checks between them . 
  you can travel from tallin to lisbon without any border check . 
  ( you can even go through russia - there is an extraterritorial highway if i recall correctly ) they are somehow related but still separate . 
  uk is in the eu , but not in schengen or eurozone . 
  switzerland is in schengen , but not in eu or eurozone montenegro is in eurozone , but not in eu or schengen france is in eu , schengen and eurozone . 
  poland is in eu , schengen but not in eurozone ukraine is not in eu , not in schengen and not in eurozone edit : grammar goddamnit, 
  did they really have to pick such confusing names ? 
  maybe they are more distinguishable in french ? 
  edit : grammar ... 
  yeah , but it still has nothing to do with not needing a visa . 
  it 's eu . 
  for example in montenegro they have euro , but they ca n't just move to germany . 
  you must have mistaken eurozone for the eu . 
  eurozone is a group of countries which share common currency - euro . 
  most of them are eu countries , with exception of kosovo and montenegro . 
  we really should put different concepts like eu , council of europe , schengen zone , eurozone , european court of human rights and eea on the sidebar . 
  edit : grammar , as usual . 
  so i guess it does n't cover [ the moose cavalry ] ( http://oi55.tinypic.com/2mg2fkg.jpg ) !, 
  is n't there some sort of danish law which allows them to beat you and your moose with sticks ? 
  pikes beat cavalry . 
  my own . 
  it 's a national trait . 
  it 's a sticky topic here , too - excessive force ca n't be used against the attacker . 
  in court you have to prove that you felt threatened and that you had no other way of defending yourself and that you did n't mean to kill/beat the attacker badly but only wanted to stop him until he was no longer a threat . 
  of course if you had some way of retreating and you did n't use it , you are automatically guilty of using excessive force in self-defence . 
  i think that both sides backed off in the end ( after the police arrived ? 
  ) , but at some point there were nearly 5 hooligans for every navy recruit . 
  they threw the mexicans to the ground and kept kicking them until they were unconscious . 
  that would make sense . 
  city divided in half , in the centre of the ddr . 
  what are the reasons for that ? 
  it 's interesting because the capital is usually one of the priciest cities in a given country . 
  is n't munich quite expensive ? 
  i 've heard that it 's cheaper to rent a flat in berlin than there . 
  some , probably most of them , are indeed nationalists , but the term pseudo-kibic ( pseudo-fan ) was created to differentiate between people who go to stadiums to watch a match , and these who go there to fight , in whichever way , fans and pseudo-fans of the opposing team . 
  they put their club before their nationality and tend to fight with each other outside of stadiums . 
  for example in krak\u00f3w there are 2 opposing teams and once a few months their pseudo-fans kill pseudo-fan of the other team . 
  the last time it happened if i recall correctly they chopped off an arm with a machete . 
  edit : as / u/all _ hail_pancakes mentioned , football hooligans would be a bit better term for these animals . 
  ** poland ** - [ 9 more bodies of the victims of the communist terror were identified . 
  they were soldiers who had been fighting against the germans until the soviets arrived and as they were reasonably good at fighting occupants , the new ones did n't want them to live . 
  after mock processes they were killed .
