  it might be due to difference in the definition of mother mortality , although i do n't know much about it . 
  it would be nice to have option of `` do n't know '' when specifying whether or not i agree or not with political stances of my colleagues at work/uni - it 's just something that rarely pops up and is usually avoided . 
  let ' t not pretend that the previous government was supporting uncontrolled migration . 
  this issue had close to zero influence on the election results . 
  calculate that on your own . 
  they are a very small part of homicides , but are disproportionately presented in the news . 
  you have n't lived in poland if you think poles are not homophobes . 
  it was primary reason for leaving the country for all my friends i knew were gay . 
  auschwitz-birkenau was actually a hybrid between the two . 
  it 's a massive complex of barracks which also served as place of extermination , the determination was usually done immediately after unloading the prisoners from trains . 
  he 's not even polish . 
  he 's a trumpet living in california . 
  nope , you can just put the credentials there . 
  i use a throwaway with a generated password . 
  i believe you can also use it unauthorized but the rate limiting sucks then . 
  i wrote myself a python script which uses praw to get all the comments and submissions . 
  nope , but i 'm using arch here so that 's not really something unusual . 
  i recommend downloading the entire thing , it 's only 400mb . 
  eptv seems to have the entire thing : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/ep-live/en/plenary/video?debate=1481728381101, 
   i think its at 10m and you need to land at least 3 shots out of 5 on the paper is n't that pretty close ? 
  that 's like two cars length . 
  i meant more from the perspective of victims - it covers poles , both jewish and others , in face of war and holocaust , and then also soviet camps . 
  there 's just no time left for relations from other countries . 
  might i ask in which countries are her diaries studied in school ? 
  i 'm curious because she is basically unknown in poland , probably because we have a lot more domestic records of the war than other countries . 
  the eu offers to start negotiations . 
  as soon as article 50 is invoked , which is inevitable . 
   but no one so far has been able to show any evidence of this maybe if the press was present in that room they would have captured evidence for one side or the other . 
  can you see the problem now ? 
  does n't mean you should introduce these in poland . 
  yup . 
  yes , at-will abortions are illegal . 
  it can be only performed when the life of woman is at risk , in case of rape or if the foetus is badly damaged ( and even then the doctors can refuse to perform the abortion , there was a case when a doctor purposefully overheld the woman in his clinic so that she had to give birth to a child which died shortly after - he was not prosecuted ) . 
  the person who helps or persuades to perform abortion can spend up to 3 years in prison . 
  the same penalty goes to the person who performs the abortion . 
  that means that the doctor who recommends abortion abroad , person who takes you there , so with which you discuss abortion can all be prosecuted . 
  the first law is pretty much dead ( i 've been living for 4 years in place other than i 'm registered at , because i 'd have to fill in paperwork in ~ 10 different places ) , the second one is probably aimed at investigating at-will abortions done abroad , for which the women can be prosecuted . 
   not every nation is willing to put its dignity up for sale it 's weird coming from a country involved in the most recent ethnic cleansing in europe . 
  they do n't need unanimity . 
  they need just 1 country . 
  but it is . 
  article 50 specifies exactly that . 
  cia black sites were not presented for evaluation to the judicial branch , but to the executive . 
  they would have been denied too if they had been . 
  as far as extradition treaty is concerned , he was tried for sex with underage child ( he pleaded down from six offences including rape to this single one ) . 
  it was determined that the time he spent under arrest in switzerland in the us exceeded the minimum time he would have to server in poland for that crime , so extradition request was denied . 
  the prosecution thought ( rightly ) that he would be extradited for that crime , but then face another charges . 
  this does not sit well with prosecution because it 's the very same mechanism which was used not so long ago to extradite political prisoners , and procedures around extradition are especially fitted not to allow such thing to occur again . 
  in his case political charges are not the danger , but the mechanism used is the same . 
  it was your prosecution which fucked up . 
  they charged him with 6 offences including rape , but then he was able to plead it down to sex with under-age girl . 
  he then left the country , and was held in some countries for , in total , more then 2 years . 
  in polish law at the time sex with underage girl carried penalty of at least two years . 
  polish prosecution decided that the penalty for that offence was already dealt , so there is no reason to deport him . 
  failing to charge him with all offences was such a big fuck up that your prosecutors did n't even appeal that decision , it took our moron of minister of justice to start the dead-end case once again . 
  these are german though are n't they ? 
  suspiciously thin one . 
  except for kabanos sausages tend to be thicker . 
  before granting asylum you have to process the applicants . 
  that involves housing and having extensive administration . 
  i 'm polish and i 've never seen , much less eaten , that thing . 
  you should put newlines between each list item in order for them to render correctly . 
  because they are affecting other people 's health higher than by using petrol cars ? 
  usually these kinds of measure are done by engine output class , but after vw fiasco it 's hardly worth anything . 
  you have to have completed projects . 
  also pure js wo n't sell , you have to learn the whole frontend package ( html , css , bits and pieces of design - especially in terms of mobile devices , at least one of js frameworks like react and friends , vue , angular 2 ) . 
  the local administration takes care of upkeep of the building - cleaning common areas , scheduling repairs , safety of various installations ( electrical etc ) . 
  competences can vary , though . 
  the new charging stations provide more power than tesla stations . 
  and annually tesla sells ~ 15k vehicles in the entirety of europe ( practically only in richer countries ) . 
  in october this year 1 140 700 cars were sold in the eu+efta . 
  they can make tesla disappear if they decide to invest in electric cars , especially since tesla is not making money right now . 
  good enough for a single person at the start of their career . 
  streaming services might only have licence to publish content in some of the eu countries . 
  the winds from the sea clear that off . 
  krak\u00f3w is in a valley , with a large industrial conglomeration to the west . 
  a few days ago pm2 .5 in krak\u00f3w exceeded 250ug/m ^ 3 , ten times the norm . 
  while it might not affect your little island the problem exists in many places on the continent . 
   the world of tomorrow must be the world of solidarity [ well , he kind of got that right ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solidarity_ ( polish_trade_union ) . 
  trade union with in excess of 10 million members not a decade later ( 1/4th of population of poland ) . 
  more than 4 thousand members at the university he spoke at alone . 
  not at all internationalist . 
  not a very competent one , who was entertaining himself by tossing foxes . 
  they did start to do that , but you need some time for older people to die off . 
  in my city in poland they stopped bothering with waste segregation in public since people throw everything wherever they liked unfortunately . 
  have these trade partners paid us for expanding the eu after these agreements were signed ? 
  if you use non-encrypted dns traffic then it can be used to prove beyond reasonable doubt that you did visit a certain website . 
  lots of isps point people to their own dns servers . 
  if russian government wants to tap these , they will . 
  do n't be a fool . 
  yes . 
  they would know you used a vpn , though . 
  you can correlate ips with the domains , especially if you know the sizes of loaded files and other requests which followed closely after . 
  the vast majority are privately owned . 
  and it 's not weird that they have more cameras than the biggest shithole on earth . 
  i can get you back on these maps for a moderate fee . 
  popular vote was still pretty close . 
  much too close for comfort . 
  did n't certain national subreddits switch to their national languages because of far-right brigades ? 
  if they do n't regularly report to police station then if they ever come back they will be sent straight to prison .
