  the exhumation took place at an unmarked mass grave at pow\u0105zki cemetery in warsaw , where bodies of murdered by a shot in the back of the head ^ 1 were disposed of ] ( http://ipn.gov.pl/aktualnosci/2013/centrala/laczka ) . 
  - [ we are probably going to fire 7 000 teachers ] ( http://wiadomosci.onet.pl/kraj/men-liczba-zwolnionych-nauczycieli-podobna-jak-w-2012-r/5b828 ) - [ somebody has stolen steering module from an anti-air rocket guiding radar ] ( http://szczecin.gazeta.pl/szczecin/1,34959,14461961,okradli_radar_do_naprowadzania_pociskow_przeciwlotniczych.html ) - some of our travel agencies stopped sending people to egypt - [ the police have identified most of the pseudo-fans ^ 2 who displayed an offending banner ( ` lithuanian lout , kneel before your polish master ' ) in vilnus . 
  11 of them have heard charges of hate crime and are facing up to 3 years in prison . 
  ] ( http://www.rmf24.pl/fakty/polska/news-rozpoznano-wielu-kiboli-ktorzy-wywiesili-antylitewski-transp,nid,1014552 ) - another group of pseudo-fans initiated fight with mexican navy recruits . 
  one of the offenders was arrested for 3 months ( until he will is going to be tried ) , others are free but will be facing up to 5 years for assault . 
  - [ a man got 106 points on his licence ^ 3 while being chased by the police after stealing petrol . 
  he also ran over a policeman . 
  he did n't have a driver 's licence . 
  the 22-years-old criminal is now facing charges of attempting to murder a policeman and for his numerous previous offences . 
  he can be sentenced for life in prison . ], 
  in other news ... - more and more people are dying every day on the roads . 
  last week , from thursday to sunday , 47 people died , 634 were injured , 2 800 drunk drivers were stopped . 
  ----- ^ 1 - the method is also known as ` the katy\u0144 method ' , as it was used by the soviets to murder at least 21 768 poles , including over 10 000 military and police officers in what was called ' [ zbrodnia katy\u0144ska ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre ) ' ( katy\u0144 refers to the place where the first mass graves were found ) . 
  the russian federation still does n't recognise the massacre as a genocide . 
  ^ 2 - term pseudo-fan is a direct translation of polish pseudo-kibic , also known as ` football hooligan ' ^ 3 - after you get a total of 24 points you lose your license . 
  [ amazingly , there was a 17-years-old driver who got 205 points on his non-existing license - there 's a video in the article ] ( http://24.pl/17-letni-pirat-drogowy-53-wykroczenia-303-punkty-karne-wideo/ ), 
  was n't there a shale gas boom a few years ago only to burn out quickly as the gas reserves turned out to be vastly overestimated ? 
  no blackadder ? 
  top 3 is not enough for the uk . 
  oh , there are more than 1 . 
  they are called pseudo-fans here , as they are not at the stadium to support their team , but to fight with the supporters of the other . 
  pretty much every bigger club has at least a few dozens of them , some even few hundred . 
  it 's like the shit that used to take place in england years ago . 
  how do they work ? 
  assume that someone who uses them is in a shop and buys something not covered by the stamp and something covered by it . 
  are the items going to be separated into two bills ? 
  are the ` food stamps ' in fact some sort of pre-paid cards ? 
  how is it verified that they are used for buying essential stuff , like food ? 
  well , given that the pseudo-fans tend to be slightly racist in poland , and that the navy cadets were probably a bit brown ... 
  you must 've misunderstood me - i 'd be very surprised if the mexican sailors started the fight . 
  the pseudo-fans had been looking for trouble for hours before the fight started . 
  edit : dumb mistake, 
  to be perfectly honest i would be very surprised if it had n't been fault of the brainless idiots from the polish side . 
  for companies only but not really used only for wholesale : - selgros - makro -- the others : - lidl - kaufland - tesco - obi - carrefour - leroy merlin - auchan - castorama - ikea - mcdonalds - kfc - biedronka - \u017babka - leviatan - kefirek - real - alma - praktiker - polomarket - rossmann - stokrotka these are all i can remember, 
  oh , for us germany is a western-european country , just as austria . 
  we tend to make the divide based on culture more than geography . 
  we also believe that people living in pozna\u0144 and krak\u00f3w are greedy . 
  how to make the thinnest wire possible ? 
  throw a penny between two poznaniaks . 
  we regard ourselves as central european , so that we wo n't fall in the same group as russia does . 
  edit : grammar, 
  nope . 
  you have to make a new one , you can delete this thread , though . 
  make sure to use response option below the response you want to respond to , this way you wo n't have to wait an hour for answer . 
  you might have better luck in / r/czech, 
  it 's a rough and shitty translation , so it might have had something to do with that . 
  they seem to be similar to our jokes , then . 
  interesting . 
  here jokes about 3 people are quite common , for example :  a pole , german and russian are sitting in hell . 
  the devil tells them that they have a chance of getting out , but they have to carry out three tasks :  1 . 
  cross a bridge while being fired at  2 . 
  shake hands with a bear  3 . 
  shag an indian woman  the german goes first , but he dies before he is able to cross the bridge . 
   the russian goes second , but he was torn apart by the bear . 
   finally , it 's the pole 's turn . 
  he runs across the bridge unscathed , then enters the cage of the bear . 
  suddenly the cage is covered by a cloud of dust , you can hear sounds of a fight and roar of the bear followed by complete silence . 
  after a while the pole exits the cage , shakes the dust off his clothes and asks the devil `` hey , tell me where is the indian woman you wanted me to shake hands with ? '', 
  what is the nationality of the three men in your country ? 
  we also have more jokes about the scottish than you 'd expect ( about them being misers ) , but i think jokes about nazis and germans are more popular . 
  how come there are so many jokes about scotland in hungary ? 
  there was even a topic at / r/poland where a guy asked what warzone means , so it 's probably not only you . 
  any notable personal experiences ? 
  i 've been drinking it for years now and i am still alive . 
  it 's not been always like that , though , so older people might advise not to drink it because they remember being told not to . 
  who says we keep our catholicism going ? 
  if you ever go to church in poland please note that in 20 years 90 % of the people there will have died because of their age . 
  the prison overpopulation problem is n't that urgent ... 
  note to self : never send children to school in the netherlands or bulgaria . 
  we can send you a few millions more if you like :d, 
  it 's a recurring phenomenon . 
  ... but the polish had already taken all jobs available . 
  in krak\u00f3w a year or two ago clubs started refusing to organise stag nights for the british due to their drunkenness and uncontrollable behaviour . 
  stag nights are not holidays , but people still remember the drunks laying in their own vomit in the streets . 
  you might try to post it in / r/iwantout . 
  the problem you are going to face is getting a work visa which is necessary for obtaining a residency permit and , in a long run , citizenship . 
  they have jobs which are easy to steal . 
  when asked if the immigrants are a big problem the most common answer is `` nie , w \u017cadnym wypadku ! '' . 
  bbc seems to be superior to any other tv station i 've seen so far . 
  i do n't know its origin , but it sounds german as fuck . 
  edit : after thinking about it , there 's saying : pijany w sztok but i ca n't find the etymology of sztok . 
  probably a word of german origin, 
  people drown regularly because there are 3-4 drunk people on the boat , in a loose atmosphere . 
  when somebody falls off the boat he might not have the clearest mind , just as people who are about to try and save him . 
  a guy who was rowing with 1.5 per mills of alcohol in his blood ( twice the legal driving limit of the uk , 8 times the legal limit of poland ) had his licence taken away for rowing a boat . 
  the court justifies taking away licenses for riding a bike or rowing under influence saying that they participate in traffic . 
  they can keep their shitty vodka , we still have our w\u00f3dka . 
   `` if we allow to promote and do all this stuff on the street , we are afraid about our nation because we consider ourselves like normal , standard people '' she always seemed to be a bit of a bitch , it 's nice that she provided evidence . 
  for the hate and prejudice they 've received 1st class train to hell . 
  polish train , to make their misery a bit worse . 
  they are n't very numerous but they do n't seem to have the capability of shouting their mouths . 
  watch tv news for a few days and they 'll surely show up . 
  vodka goes without saying . 
  probably germany . 
  close , they always need people with stem degrees , i 've started learning the language recently . 
  culture is more or less the same , maybe a bit less of polish ` fuck it that 'll do ' attitude . 
  i 've heard we and romania are . 
  but do n't worry , given the average age of voters for this kind of political parties , half of them will have died in 10 years . 
  or should die , for that matter . 
  that was the least ridiculous of these propositions .
