  damn all the racist here arte so fucking gross , get over it she won . 
  you mad a black woman won ? 
  stay mad, 
  none of the perpetrators are even syrian, 
  compulsive `` i feel like voting again '' `` george no you 've done it fifteen times today '' i have too john '' and i honestly agree , it 's a civil responsibility, 
  go away, 
  i do n't care , if the usa ends up hurting the eu it will hurt us so at this point i care about all of us being hurt i do n't csre about americans , why should i ? 
  i 've never met iranian christians they are either muslims or jews , both equally secular . 
  iran enjoyed of a very liberal life before its revolution and its people are starving for that . 
  with trump as president , the usa is not our ally, 
  it 's just the people they are very different . 
  norwegians and finns are very aloof in my experience and i 'm not used to that . 
  i guess that why i do n't really feel at home . 
  in europe i definately feel out of place in scandinavian countries , especially norway . 
  we should reciprocate fuck that why should we give him an easy time while he wants to screw us ? 
  iranians even those who live in iran are n't even religious at all , and women are forced to wear head covering . 
  iran was one of the most secular countries in the me before the revolution . 
  i personally dont know any religious iranians even those who still live there . 
  the romanian one is my favorite anthem , it 's beautiful . 
  but also romanian is one of my favorite languages sooooo, 
  i know the italian one better than my own it 's just easier to remember, 
  who me ? 
  sorry but why does a black woman talking about her experience with racism in s majority white country angers you ? 
  please leave , mods please ban this person, 
  good , i hope they all choke . 
  you basically said what i wanted to say but without calling him an idiot, 
  nope, 
  yes , my teachers as a child were british , some irish however the older i got and my english teachers in spain where all american and very young i suppose recent university graduates . 
  yes, 
  you should take washington state too . 
  we are about that ? 
  are you suggesting that racism in europe is non existent ? 
  lol, 
  i do n't know why i have this idea of italy being poor . 
  i know they are not poor per se . 
  mexico internationally , brazil too . 
  eu , i will say france but i think lepen is basically nothing , i 'll say the dutch . 
  the italians not really , their economy is . . well not very strong anyways . 
  but the dutch , you better not pick trump 2 , oh and germany because i love schulz and i want him to win . 
  depends on the city mostly , but i 'll say yes, 
  why ? 
  seriously why do white people get so upset when non whites talk about this isnstead of actually listening to us ? 
  it makes me wonder , she 's been living in the usa for 10 + and seems to be stuns english only speakers all the time why is her accent so strong ? 
  does n't trump let her out and the only human she has contact with is barron, 
  moldova ... its freaking romania with another name . 
  plus its ugly , sorry peeps . 
  serbia is probably the other one, 
  culturally not really maybe to belgium only but being so close to them is amazing tho . 
  like i can say i 've been to over 20 countries in my lifetime due to that some people cant say that, 
  i plan to go once im better , im missing slovenia , macedonia and bulgaria . 
  why would you care tho ? 
  why would you even ask that question its weird . 
  no , black and asian europeans are not white . 
  being european doesnt make you white , they are not native europeans they are by birth or naturalization . 
  just like white americans are , they are americans by birth or naturalization not by blood . 
  the only native americans are people from native tribes . 
  actually sratch what i said . 
  if non whites european born want to consider themselves european its fine . 
  i personally dont , i consider myself to be french , i dont really feel any connection to other european cultures . 
  my boyfriend tho , was born in germany to persian parents , he consider himself european and insists im european one of my sisters considers herself to be french , european and arab . 
  its quite complex , native europeans to me are just white people . 
  the thing is thats not what i said , i re read my post and i said every native european is white and that still stands . 
  what did i just read . 
  amish are still white , amish are still of european descent just like white americans , canadians and australians are , you just made a mess here . 
  the white men love to wear minorities culture like s costume and then they get pressed when you call them racist, 
  no it 's not different, 
  the white man always benefitting from something that is n't theirs and then complaining when said culture finds it 's problematic, 
  no it does n't work like that , do n't be an ass, 
  it depends really . 
  if a person of color is mocked for using certain parts of their culture but it 's suddenly okay for white people to do so then it 's a problem . 
  if s white person is benefiting from a culture that is n't theirs i.e. 
  henna for example while the people that are actually part of that culture are not is problematic to me europeans do n't use native american culture in any way please . 
  like come one have some respect you have other things you can use . 
  it 's problematic to me because europeans colonized them . 
  the rest i do n't care, 
  whites look ugly in dreads tho, 
  melania that is basically all i know about slovenia . 
  it 's also one of the few european countries i have n't been too . 
  it makes me wan na go now, 
  whiteness is not related to skin color , my mother is blonde and blue eyed but she 's syrian and berber . 
  she ai n't white . 
  your ancestors are dutch , so you 're european there 's really no science behind it . 
  where are you from ? 
  america ? 
  then fuck off the uk ? 
  you decided to fuck off so fuck off, 
  your daddy is delusional , the europe he lived in is very different to modern europe, 
  yes every native european is white wtf, 
  lmao you 're an idiot, 
  i do n't care but when they have bad accents , which really the majority of us have awful accents , is very noticeable then i 'm just like '' go back to french '' . 
  i was asked what i feel about this issue comparing it to europe / canada and the usa . 
  this is my 2 cents canadians problem is n't as deep rooted as america , i have n't really studied their current issues with their native population but as that always stems from a sort of white supremacy established since its birth as a country . 
  canadas problems ai n't as loud as the ones in the usa . 
  being black in america is synonym of getting a bad education , living in the worse areas , having contaminated water , as that problem is not only with flint but with many other cities whose are majority black , and being murdered by police for things whites are given a free pass . 
  this is what blm wants to express i do n't know why it bothers people so much that they do . 
  i guess they are afraid of blacks succeeding ? 
  i do n't know i am not white europe is a whole different thing , is not really related to whiteness as i mean it 's europe everyone is white , but with nationality . 
  i rather be a middle class brown woman than a pole in the u.k. for example . 
  and i rather be black in europe than a brown muslim which is what i am . 
  but do n't say that out loud in an american sjw setting , and someone saying that their country is racist bothers some people in this subreddit because europe has always preached that they are superior to americans in that sense `` oh we have no racism here we all coexist '' bullshit .
