  um , but it wo n't erase french culture . 
  i 'm a child of immigrants yet i 'm french as you can get . 
  my brown skin and culture does n't erase that . 
  that will never happen even if every european country becomes a melting pot . 
  why are you so threatened ? 
  lol, 
  i was so sad that germany lost today , i mean im french and all but ugh my babies : c, 
  he ai n't racist lol, 
  i do n't think it 's that far off in italy , is n't it grandparents the farthest it goes ? 
  but it was far more embarrassing to be slaughtered by iceland lol, 
  france, 
  i want a frozen yogurt ice cream with lots of other berries does that count ? 
  this is savage, 
  im screaming, 
  do you eat a lot of cheese ? 
  why do you guys smell so bad ? 
  do you drink a lot of wine ? 
  why are you so pretentious ? 
  dman you guys the sound of music is n't just an american thing , its film history damn you guys . 
  well i 'm the child of two immigrants , my father sees france as heaven on earth despite all the shit he went through . 
  he is so thankful for france, 
  do n't worry no one wants to go to latvia anyways, 
  thank god you guys left, 
  their faces are super tiny, 
  wow , you seem very sheltered lol go to the beach , go the pool , sleep naked , its provence for god 's sake . 
  or buy a fan , a cheap one that will do the work while we are there . 
  houses in the areas near my town look like [ this ] ( https://www.google.com.mx/maps/@47.2864203,5.0027368,3a,75y,234.45h,87.18t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s4q5ncggqvayeutaauq2mla!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1?hl=es-419&amp;hl=es-419 ) or [ like ] ( https://www.google.com.mx/maps/@47.4847119,3.9209759,3a,75y,356.1h,79.13t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s-lusmbg5gvczr8lsak61aa!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1?hl=es-419&amp;hl=es-419 ) near my house tho , i live near a national park so all you see is trees , grass and some houses in the distance . 
  bit within my town that is what you would find . 
  oh and this is how it looked like when i lived in barcelona [ street ] ( https://www.google.com.mx/maps/@41.4035049,2.1756858,3a,75y,134.75h,87.43t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1svhlzn2w7fmn89nabirg4mg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1?hl=es-419&amp;hl=es-419 ) miss it already : c, 
  oh i know we are laughing at the probably american person lol my town is at 15c at the moment < 3 will reach its highest at * gasp * 28 lol so hot please send the firefighters, 
  it 's actually been pretty nice for summer these days . 
  we had an american exchange student for a year in highschool and she thought she was so french because her great grandma was born to french parents . 
  she even dared to tell me and my other friend ( she is black ) that she was more french than we where . 
  girl could barely speak french 2 . 
  this was her first time in france 3 . 
  she literally thought we all wore barrets so this subculture you americans have is true , this is the most extreme case i 've ever seen but you aint going to lie about the `` irish americans '' `` german americans '' and such . 
  what i 've found with americans of other descent is that they at least grow up with the cuylture a little bit , unlike you guys . 
  its the american culture of giving people a medal for showing up, 
  i didnt read about the licence , the best way to explore albania is by car , are you sure you ca n't do something about that ? 
  that will limit your choice a lot . 
  sent you a pm, 
  dracula plz, 
  albania is craaaazy cheap and it has beautiful beaches . 
  yes, 
  come here in september if you dont wan na suffer a heat stroke then . 
  and it is not that hot , i googled and provence is at 18c now at 8am , i imagine it woudlve been cooler at 1 am , just man up lol some places do have ac , i think hotels that tourists frequent should have ac 's cause they are crying babies that need their ac 's * im joking here *, 
  dont you daaaaare compare montecarlo to las vegas , las vegas is a homeless version off . 
  mt rushmore is a joke , i remember when i want i was so excited for some reason . 
  but its sucked, 
  girl go home you had too much tequila . 
  it 's not , have you been to the usa ? 
  god fucking forbid that you even dare to say something slightly negative of their military . 
  oh and they need to gtfo of western europe . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  i want cows in my coins too, 
  people are mentionings grades but depending on the country you will have an entrance exam . 
  you might have less than flattering grades but if your entrance exam is good then you 'll be admitted . 
  grades are just a percentage of your admission . 
  my grades where not stellar , yet i had an almost perfect entrance exam so i was admitted . 
  some places will ask you for an essay but it depends on your bachelors . 
  i 'm not sure about it tho , but i 'm sure you wont have any problems being admitted they wont give two single fucks about your extra curriculars . 
  you should try in germany tbh , they are in need of its and they pay good . 
  i have several friends that just graduated a couple of months ago and already have a good paying job there and i assume you know the language already . 
  i dont , but when i was little i remember thinking that the banknotes where cool , but now that i look at the ones my dad saved i 'm just like `` they look like they where made in the 19th century '' so no i dont , its much easier with the euro plus they are pretty . 
  and if i ever feel nostalgic for the francs i can always go to switzerland . 
  they dont look alike at all but i mean , francs are francs, 
  french, 
  they are assholes to be honest , everytime i see a cop by instinct i look the other way . 
  dont know why tho firefighters are respected i guess ? 
  i mean they save lives why wouldnt they be respected ? 
  highly doubt it, 
  get out we dont need you, 
  it will not happen ever , ew, 
  what ? 
  lol, 
  yea we sweat we dont lack sweat glands , but its only a couple of weeks a year like people have mentioned so there 's no need for an ac . 
  its honestly a waste of money . 
  they are some pretty good fans out there . 
  hotels tho , imo should have ac 's , they are for tourists after all . 
  we are assholes sometimes , and tourists annoy us ( i 'm generalizing of course its liek saying all americans are idiots after visiting nyc ) , mmm well if they 've been sweating they will smell . 
  i have to say however that we shower but our deodorants are not as strong as the american ones , i personally always carry one in my purse because they fade fast . 
  when i happen to get my hands on an american one tho , that stuff lasts all day . 
  or i guess i need to find a better deodorant . 
  oh and paris is very dirty at times , but try barcelona . 
  the place is a dump especially after the summer months when tourism is at its finest . 
  you do eat a lot its crazy , but like i said the portions vary from country to country . 
  the spaniards eat a little more than the french , the germans eat double . 
  almost like americans tbh , my boyfriend is german and when we are in germany his friends make fun of me and tell me that i have to order a half portion . 
  frankfurt is nice , but i like seattle more . 
  the weather especially its one of my favorite cities in the usa . 
  and you can asses tha from ? 
  i 've been multiple times to the usa , i go every two years nice try tho . 
  walmart does not sell quality products, 
  its probably weird but your sausages and such taste weird , like fake and plastic . 
  i dont know how to explain , also they are a very unnatural shade of pink . 
  i do n't know , i know a lot of people that use both including myself . 
  but i dont know if there 's an statistic, 
  walmart products are not quality products . 
  why is american cheese so yellow it looks disgusting, 
  you might as well do n't turn it on i slept with mine on at 17 in barcelona most days during the summer .
