not to be that person but spaniard schools do exagerare . 
  my baby sis lived with me for half a school year and she had more than 50 % the homework she had in france . 
  but also the material was very poor . 
  the elementary school eso system are very deficient . 
  fuck this shit we cant never catch a break, 
  france always puts on a show for this stuff , one of my favorite memories ever where from the 98 world cup . 
  i was 6 but there was s feeling in the air that i will never forget . 
  the only thing i did n't like was the closing ceremony artists . 
  i mean zara larsson ? 
  david guetta ? 
  really ? 
  why are you so smart ? 
  i love reading you, 
  someone is in denial . 
  true , in my town there is only one black african family they are all however citizens and then there 's us the arabs but we are all , except for my mother ( she is german national ) french citizens, 
  and even hijab , the majority of me countries started wearing headcovering in the mid to late 70 's . 
  something similar happened at a party i was with when i was 16 , i was pretty wasted but not enough to passed out and there was this guy fingering one of my friends . 
  oh and he was s white french douche but i guess that does n't count as assault cause whites do n't rape that 's nasty tho . 
  lmao why i 'm i getting downvoted so much you people are ridiculous, 
  so this is why you downvoted me ? 
  lol, 
  so swedes ca n't rape now ? 
  is it only something brown people do now ? 
  wow never got the memo . 
  nah , we are going to win and then lose against germany, 
  i totally forgot about you guys , wtf happened . 
  fuck you too, 
  i rather have him than le pen, 
  but they all blame our me asses, 
  wow you are shit, 
  thats why your country is fucked lol, 
  oh so yea the indians died a long time ago no matter right, 
  um no it not , its not at all irrelevant . 
  the brits when into countries , destroyed complete civilization and they get pissed of when others just dare to immigrate to their countries ? 
  how is n't it irrelevant ? 
  dont this assholes remember that their ancestors colonized the whole world ? 
  when the brits do this racist shit its all i can think of, 
  it shows how anti american we really are, 
  my mother is going to london with her friends next week , she just changed around 3k to pounds, 
  and it was n't even that much of a majority tho, 
  how would you not ? 
  wales is england 's little bitch, 
  germans are the treasures of the eu , i love you guys, 
  you colonized the whole world brits now you want your ass kingdom back have it back see how the eu fucks you up, 
  we will be back baby, 
  i exiled myself, 
  the u.k. is fucked , the european wo n't go anywhere, 
  england pulling a gollum on wales and not letting go * my precious *, 
  i ca n't marry my adopted grandparents you nasty, 
  yea sure, 
  im nervous laughing sorry, 
  i am salty , but in the end its their economical suicide not ours, 
  and you guys will be fucked lol, 
  do n't be so salty damn, 
  what will happen to the brits living in the eu tho ? 
  i hope those two dont leave , they fed me for the 5 years i 've lived here , they where so nice and they would cook for me and invited me over for dinner when i was lonely and when i couldnt go back home one christmas break they invited me to theirs so i wouldnt be lonely . 
  northern irish people are a blessing . 
  england will have to become a republic after scotland and ni leave i mean , they 'll be sooooo fucking stupid to keep that useless establishment of theirs . 
  but they still have to leave do n't they ? 
  just like the scotland referendum was close but not enough to leave . 
  if catalunya leaves spain , the spaniards do need to cry because without em catalans they are nothing, 
  the queen will go first, 
  we 'll go for the english first out of spite . 
  thanks to you guys the value of the dollar will be up there , thank you very much . 
  * laughs like ron swanson *, 
  i 'm all in for that tbh, 
  i wanted to send my future children to british universities , but fuck that now lol, 
  fuck no , over my dead body will france leave the eu, 
  * scotland : run northern ireland , leave britain with us northern ireland : but what about wales ? 
  scotland : forget wales , wales is dead *, 
  true, 
  damn you cheeky swiss , 
  oh come on you know what i mean , its unfair and unjust that they get to vote for something that they are not going to see . 
  he is probably italian tho , should watch his words . 
  you know what , italy can leave we dont need you guys, 
  dude are you italian , i rather have the turks you guys are poor as fuck lol, 
  but i love the germans please no, 
  bitch can go and fuck herself, 
  no dude , no, 
  lmao you guys are fucked, 
  they should n't , particularly 65 plus they are not going to live with the consequences for long . 
  older people agree for wars that the young are going to fight . 
  can your elder population die already tho ? 
  its their fucking fault, 
  you 're living in a bubble are n't you ? 
  who the fuck is he and why does he think he is relevant in any way to begin with ? 
  rip all the british in spain , my neighbors are an elderly british couple . 
  they are crying atm, 
  well they are fucked then, 
  he looks like a pedophile m , like the homeless version of donald trump . 
  i can go around for ever, 
  i hardly doubt it , they need us more than we need them, 
  i 'm dying, 
  and the majority of israelis are actually mizrahi jews, 
  until you accept the armenian genocide you can come lol, 
  so having a non french name is not wanting to belong oh please, 
  im ashamed, 
  can you speak for all of us tho ? 
  i 'm french and many consider themselves french , so, 
  i do n't want sharia law at all lol i 'm just saying muslims are human beings too,
