  dont deny it you guys , there is a culture of superiority within europe . 
  we might just joke about them stupid americans but you know we do believe it . 
  but also , you guys make it so easy dont blame us . 
  there will be no partnership, 
  no not really , it sounds more like latin with a mix of an italian rythm but its own flair with all the `` sh '' sounds it has , and some serb thrown in there . 
  spain is not that bad in unemployment in some areas . 
  you will be fine there , actually is better than italy . 
  yes , and besides italian is not that hard . 
  you will be fine, 
  but i bet you think the usa police is just doing their job by killing 12 year old black boys with toy guns lol, 
  `` triggered '' `` pansies '' `` butt hurt '' you lost me there , it is bullshit . 
  you people are the worse and are overall disgusting . 
  its so surprising to me how the most influential country in the world can be full of idiots . 
  but you know what , in a sense im happy trump won , because if he did n't trump supporters would 've behaved a million times worse . 
  they are already drawing nazi symbols and commiting racist acts and it hasnt been a week . 
  im disgusted by america right now , not surprised disgusted . 
  i worry for my fellow brown/black/all minorities/gay / people, 
  romanian , it sounds so weird to me even tho i speak 2 latin based languages . 
  it is a good thing , white people are the ones against it because they want minorities to stay silent so fuck you, 
  you know , can just not normalize trump ? 
  no other presidential candidate has been so bigot , no other presidential candidate has based their campaign in racism and hate . 
  so you cnat blame them, 
  divide in race has always existed in the usa sorry . 
  they did n't created a divide . 
  being anti blm is easier when you are white . 
  i am brown so i 'm all for them denouncing injustice . 
  oh and also this election basically awoke the dormant racism in white america . 
  so do n't come to tell me that it appeared all of a sudden . 
  do not blame blm for this . 
  you are anti blm ? 
  i rest my case, 
  successful peaceful protests exist but in this day and age ? 
  lol no look at mexico , the peacefully protested their rigged elections in 2012 was it useful ? 
  look at venezuela , it was peaceful but they end up being attacked by police as always , and still nothing has changed for them . 
  but no , the argument does work . 
  black people literally couldnt protest in any other way but a peaceful one . 
  yes, 
  germans dont give a fuck about americans lmao, 
  those protests were not particularly peaceful either . 
  but mlk always wanted to keep them peaceful because at the time , black people were prosecuted even harder . 
  so you can not really compare this to the mlk era . 
  if black people revolted , it would 've guaranteed massacre . 
  is gandhi your only example ? 
  you do n't know what a tried and fed up minority group can do peaceful protests do n't work either . 
  i hope people revolt , it 's their right to protest the results . 
  particularly if it will directly affect them or if they were targeted by trump . 
  the idea of trump being normalized is disgusting to me , let 's not forget all the shit he said . 
  and this is how revolutions start, 
  lmao no, 
  ya 'll wan na play the card that trump supporters are little angels that would 've taken trumps loss as champs . 
  nah this brown girl knows you lying . 
  why ca n't they just go by popular votes ? 
  the majority wins . 
  they make it so complicated . 
  it just confirms that you are a bunch of racist idiots , and it proves how backwards your country truly is . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  do you even call their electoral process democracy ? 
  why are people so against protests ? 
  its stupid , protests usually start bigger movements . 
  how do you fucking think shit gets done ? 
  and good , your electoral process is fucked up, 
  what are you doing in this sub reddit then ? 
  thank gucking god i 'm a eu citizen , i would 've died a long time ago as schild for your stupid ass way of thinking . 
  i have no nice words fro you so fuck you . 
  no , but my two long term boyfriends and my current one are german so i guess german men like me ? 
  well , i am brown , i 'm not of european ancestry so in that sense i do n't feel european . 
  i feel french tho , pretty much so with some connections to germany as my mother grew up there and pretty much considers her lard to be german . 
  but i will lie if i say i am european and i do n't know any whites that consider themselves europeans more so than they see themselves as french . 
  i 'm also upper middle class and my maternal grandfather is a very wealthy man , i do n't know why everyone started listing how rich they are but whatever . 
  lol good luck my boyfriend is an architect with a masters degree and over 15 years of experience , he has a job atm but hates it and wants a new one . 
  he has had so much time to find one in germany and he german . 
  you will be competing with highly educated europeans , obverall just better candidates that you are so dont expect much . 
  unless you are a nurse or an it , or something that is in high demand . 
  omg, 
  i said yes to 10 % of no words lol in my defence they looked familiar i got 70 %, 
  francoise hardy sounds is like an angel you should listen to her for french reference . 
  im dying you are seriously pathetic , im having a hard time taking you seriously after you stalked every single post i 've made lol good ridance trash, 
  good luck in your poor as fuck ignorant country , bye, 
  at least prettier than dutch will ever be, 
  i am muslim and i agree with the hijab ban , nice try asshole, 
  no , you are just a racist piece of shit, 
  french is always beautiful . 
  im not german but ave maria in german sounds beautiful , its even better than the latin version . 
  gymnastics , because i used to be a gymnast with big dreams . 
  fuck cancer tho, 
  no debt at all , and regarding my career i was chosed to work with one of the most influential vets in france which was pretty good . 
  but i 'm at the hospital atm , which will leave me with no debt i think , so those plans are paused and im not sure when i will start working again . 
  but so far no debt , i have so money raised tho because i 've been working since i was 16 and didnt really need to spend that money as my parents paid for my expenses . 
  i 'm saving that for my hospital bills , if any . 
  you can say whatever you want but france is the most antisemitic country atm in europe together with britain . 
  anti semitic attacks have increased this year . 
  daesh also murders thousands of muslims they are using islam as an excuse and they do in fact want to cause divide . 
  aurora , laura pausini , a shit ton of spaniards because i love flamenco a lot , buy my favorite is concha biuka and i listen to rocio jurado and all of those a lot . 
  i 'm like an old spanish woman . 
  i have to go through my play list and actually think where my faves are from , i barely listen to french artists so the majority are foreigners . 
  nope , because you are not italian under their eyes . 
  the farthest italy goes is grandparents . 
  it just redirects me i guess , its not something i will normally pay attention to let me check . 
  yeah it redirect me, 
  no wtf , thats why ukraine is so fucked maybe ?
