  i will miss that cool air on my face, 
  dude you where 5 days here you saw nothing , your observations are pretty general . 
  and it 's not hot at all , and when it is it 's only hot for like a month or less so we do n't need an ac ho to spain if you want one . 
  the parks will probably be mowed in the next couple of weeks , there are overweight ( did you really need to us fatty tho ) people everywhere . 
  you saw nothing of france to even make an observation regarding that . 
  and the portions are normal , you guys eat like beasts . 
  and this is not necessarily true , german portions are bigger than the french in my experience, 
  i 've never met a not racist slovenian tbh . 
  and what the fuck do you mean are only racist , that 's basically a huge percentage of the world population . 
  i hope they all stay in their bubble and never come out until they learn how to properly socialize, 
  me too i 've never heard of discrimination against poles in france now . 
  the poles i 've met here are super racist tho , so it 's not as bad as their xenophobia against other groups . 
  however , i 've seen a lot of unnecessary mean stuff about albanians . 
  we had a couple of families working in the farms when i was a kid , including ine that stayed with us . 
  they had a rough time . 
  in the u.k however , gross . 
  they are still white , only the brits would feel threatened by other whites , it 's pretty bad . 
  poles have it pretty bad there, 
  what company ? 
  and i hate this , this is the main reason why i get my stuff in england or just order it online, 
  no no i bet 300 on germany winning the whole thing, 
  languages are fun and it makes it easier to communicate with people of other countries . 
  if i where a native english speaker i 'll be sad to have such a boring language as my native one to be honest so yes i 'll definitely learn more languages . 
  i grew up bilingual french/arabic so monolingualism was never an option for me . 
  it has been very hard for me to pick up germanic languages tho , especially german and i also grew up listening to it at home and i could never achieve fluency , sadness . 
  i speak other two languages besides english as my foreign languages ( as in i can read , write , and speak them with a degree of fluency ) i want to work on my danish and german as i would like to live in either country one day . 
  i ca n't take the op seriously if he considers that the uk gained any independence tbh , americans just want us to conform to their way of thinking or else we are wrong . 
  european countries tend to score higher in the programme for international assessment examination pisa . 
  of course this does n't include all european countries , but european countries tend to score higher . 
  in the top 20 of best education systems in the world , 12 european countries are in that list while the usa is n't even in the top 10 and it 's way down on 18th place . 
  in university education tho you guys might be better or so it seems by the university rankings but tbh your universities are so expensive it 's not even worth it and i also know many americans that come here and study here and have absolutely no problems getting jobs and the fact, 
  yea i know a lot of people that brag about their us stays and i 'm like , if you want good education go to finland or something, 
  if i where to leave the eu i would move to new zealand , canada or australia . 
  i do like going on vacation i mean i love theme parks and you guys have the best theme parks every no exaggeration , and i also enjoy san diego , nycv and seattle is one of my favorite cities in the world but tbh nooooo i want to have children some day and i do n't like the idea of them being in debt after college . 
  i do n't like the way your healthcare works , i 'm a childhood cancer survivor and thanks to the free movement of the eu i was treated in several places and a debt that my parents where able to pay in months after my treatment ended ( and this was only because i had experimental treatment ) , if i where american they 'll probably be broke , and me ? 
  probably dead . 
  you guys owe everything you have , your cars , your house , etc it is n't even yours . 
  your weird ass gun laws , you basically work until you drop , and i can go on . 
  sorry but no thankyou . 
  oh and i like the idea of driving a couple of hours and be in another country , ca n't same the same for you guys . 
  and besides but maybe its irrelevant , france is beautiful why would i move ? 
  why would i change the french riviera for the beaches in california ? 
  true, 
  shit is about to go down omg, 
  what episode are you in ? 
  omg, 
  because it 's summer and i can , i will go to sleep like at 8am and i 'm watching veep, 
  no other country , greece if they want to end up killing themselves and sell their souls to the devil . 
  sad , its a gorgeous country and one of my favourites . 
  i dont know , i have no idea how the monarchy is beneficial for you guys . 
  thats why i 'm asking, 
  sorry i just dont see the point of a monarchy . 
  why keep it tho ? 
  i honestly have never studied the pros and cons of monarchy vs republic . 
  it doesnt make sense to me to want independence from the uk and yet keep the monarchy . 
  please explain like i 'm 5 . 
  true true hey why did my post got down voted , just go to the mexican subreddit and the way they talk about their poorest states and stuff its gross . 
  no dude mexico will always be north american lol it doesnt suerprise me tho you guys are terrible at geography, 
  brazil is far more dangerous than mexico tho, 
  please do n't reproduce, 
  dude shit the fuck up already you are a bigot we get it . 
  * a muslim girl who is sought after by white men and will probably end up marrying one and surprise producing white babies *, 
  because he is a bigot , i th ought canadians where nice, 
  shut up your ignorance is showing, 
  when we went to thailand , my mother and two sister would get better treatment than us , particularly my mother . 
  she is not pale skinned she has dark olive skin but she is blonde and has brigh blue eyes and overall looks pretty `` exotic '' the people there where fascinated by her looks it was weird . 
  mmmmm lets see mexicans and argentinians are my least favorites they are both extremely xenophobic and think they are better than other latin american countries . 
  but at least mexicans are nice in mexico , argentinians are always assholes at least to my experience the mexicans i 've met are all so apathic to the problems in their country that 's why they are all fucked up they have the country they deserve . 
  caribbean people i just know a couple of dominicans and they are fun fun as hell . 
  brazilians are cool too , friendly , down to earth . 
  but their national football team sucks now . 
  no i seriously hope not , those two never wanted to be part anyway that 's ok it was their choice but the u.k jumped ship it 's a done deal now, 
  i doubt the scots will want you tho lol, 
  are you dumb ? 
  lol, 
  they commited economical suicide , even if you are anti eu you might be stupid not to see it, 
  both and democratical tho ? 
  do n't make me laugh , the majority of the leave voters ( an overwhelming majority ) are elders , idiots that dont have tho live with the consequences of what they did for long , thats your democracy . 
  lmao americans, 
  no ew , why do americans make this stupid ass questions `` the isa is ordering your country to accept or face economical consequences '' bye idiots, 
  basically any big university yes and no . 
  germany , france , belgium , switzerland , the netherlands and spain at some degrees and the uk if they dont leave the eu will be your best bets . 
  germany has really good universities, 
  i 'm an outsider but if i where a brit i would vote in i guess , but i have to agree on britains cherry picking it 's annoying so i ' rather have them out . 
  however i know many brits living in the eu for years what 's going to happen to them ? 
  german men are all very polite , have had good experiences with them they are serious and they 've let me take control which i like . 
  my english sucks to be honest , my vocabulary is not extense and as per my experience the french are terrible at english , i have yet to meet a french that has good pronounciation including myself . 
  the spanish too for some reason , spaniards have stronger accents than latin americans , weird . 
  you make up for it with your accents tho, 
  romanian is very different tho , i 've never tried to learn it but it does n't sound like spanish at all or french and in text i can only understand about 30 % beautiful language tho . 
  i do have too agree it 's been extremly hard for me to learn german , i 'm a failure . 
  i wonder tho , what romance language is easier for you to understand ? 
  danish is so hard tho , i tried and i failed . 
  but then again i 'm not good at languages , i grew up with a german speaking mother and my german is pretty terrible . 
  grasse is like the most boring city in france tbh , i can understand why you get so bored i never get tired of marseille , do you only stay there ? 
  yes we are, 
  your beaches are so cold tho , as in freezing cold did n't you got the memo is summer type of cold . 
  a sub and a quesadilla thats what those two things look like lol, 
  where do you go in france tho ? 
  food,
