  like germans , spaniards maybe but americans ? 
  i 'm so disgusted, 
  as a mademoizelle user , i feel personally attacked, 
  look at me paying attention to the american, 
  well i can have both, 
  i rather have a small apartment in paris than a mcmansion in texas, 
  oh yea those dirty pakis do n't want to learn english, 
  yea and that reason is not one of them, 
  i am sure the muslims that will be voting for le pen will do it because they are proud of who they are and are concerned about immigration, 
  let me rephrase the majority of those assholes are wither white racist americans or self hating people of color that want to detach from their culture and for some reason think of themselves to be superior . 
  they can have an opinion like all of us do , but they have no right to even try to learn the language to persuade voters . 
  i want to bet they know shitabout france other that our capital is paris and that we eat a lot of cheese . 
  they can suck it, 
  are idiots from the donald coming here now ? 
  ugh mods do somethings, 
  its a basic kitchen appliance . 
  bernie was the true dream for you guys and dnc and also some of you blew it . 
  enjoy the mess i would 've voted for clinton ... or harambe i got jill stein 100 % mmm interesting, 
  americans ruining everything , but i dont know what 's worse . 
  the americans or the french welcoming them in that subreddit . 
  i just read one stupid ass saying he wants to learn french to help with the le pen cause . 
  ugh , no thanks . 
  it is . 
  but i will rephrase what i said they sound like modern people speaking latin with an italian rhythm , a unique set of sh sounds and a serbian flair , or southern slavic, 
  kill me now, 
  and why are you still so sensitive about me calling this question stupid ? 
  get over yourself, 
  and are you so sensitive about my opinion ? 
  why does it bother you so much that i think its a stupid question , isnt this an open forum anyways ? 
  why are you so sensitive ? 
  its a stupid question, 
  why ? 
  because i post in english on an english site ? 
  should i use french ? 
  or arabic perhaps ? 
  spanish maybe because i think that will be more familiar to your american eyes ? 
  or catalan for some flair be my guest, 
  monolingual anglos would rejoice then right ? 
  fuck no , what kind of a question is this ? 
  i dont use english at all in my day to day life . 
  he said he will ban muslims but it was deleted from his website , he was anti trans now he says they can go to any bathroom they want . 
  would n't surprise me that everything that came out of his mouth was a lie to get the votes . 
  source : my bed ridden french self with noting better to do than watch the news, 
  i just do n't . 
  i mean trump wanted to disappear obama care and now he says it 's a good idea . 
  cant blame them, 
  oh no it 's okay , i am not as sad as i thought i was going to be when the news hit me . 
  some shit will go down i the world and i personally do n't want to be around to see it . 
  i 've had a good one . 
  i always make cancer jokes regarding the le pen and trump issues , at least i still have my sense of humor, 
  i am worried , and disgusted . 
  especially because i 'm a minority . 
  but i have stage iv cancer and if i 'm lucky i wo n't live much to see their mess . 
  that 's what keeps me sane . 
  nah , she has a bigger chance of winning than trump ever did before now, 
  is this an actual question ? 
  skip lisbon and go to germany or switzerland instead . 
  i am not a fan of staying 2 days in a city . 
  i 'll just pick one or two countries and explore said country . 
  i did this 3 times in latin america and i felt ok really got to know each country i went to . 
  if you want to come here again , you 'll have to sacrifice one year of your summer and come in september - october when the plane fees are cheaper . 
  it does n't have to be once in a lifetime thing . 
  oh shut the fuck up . 
  we do eat cheese a lot , we are the kings of cheese . 
  our cheese is iconic , we must never be embarrassed of our cheese eating habits . 
  you got a lot of nerve, 
  when i hear americans using those stereotypes i 'm always like '' at least put cheese is better '', 
  but that was a bunch of white young people against imperialism . 
  that does n't fit the government agenda, 
  he sounds like trump, 
  hey the white american is here guys, 
  `` as an african country after an election '' wow really wow, 
  i recognize it because of the `` sh '' sounds, 
  i was so happy when wa turned blue it 's my favorite state seattle has to be one of my favorite cities, 
  everyone who is pro police is delusional . 
  the biggest riot that has been created by blm is ferguson and you saw what happened . 
  they militarized the area . 
  i hope they do that in the kkk parade . 
  i doubt it tbh, 
  we do see them as idiots tho , as idiots who think they are right . 
  and that 's the worst kind of idiocy, 
  i am disgusted . 
  and if le pen wins i 'll be disgusted by france , and it will make me realize how much the white french hates us . 
  you can judge france all you want for le pen , i could careless cause i am not for her . 
  i am disgusted by the usa right now . 
  half of its population voted for that piece of garbage that is trump . 
  do n't take offense when i 'm not obviously referring to people like you , you are distracting for the bigger issue and want to play victim . 
  if you 've read my posts i 've mentioned that i am completely pro protest . 
  even if sometimes it 's not peaceful . 
  i am in no shape or form mocking protestors . 
  yea the people in the south are a bunch of racist , homophobic , ignorant rednecks mixed with the black community . 
  at this point i do n't know , if the country has such a different morale then it does n't belong together . 
  the former 13 colonies and the west coast are a completely different crowd to the south and midwest . 
  i 've never seen such a difference of values within the same nation, 
  lmao seriously ? 
  will the national guard be called upon a bunch of white people ? 
  then why people do n't cry the same that in paris they make all the choices ? 
  ridiculous majority vote is majority vote, 
  you 're losing me , when did i say that those people that i mentioned where not americans ? 
  and it 's obvious who i 'm referring to or you just want to be a victim ?
