  afro europeans , browns living in europe for the majority of their lives and other `` lesser '' whites give them the side eye all the time but they still get mad and throw the `` you have a victim mentality '' bullshit because they do n't want to own their racism and xenophobia . 
  oh and i feel awful because i excluded the roma who are the most disrespected minority group in europe, 
  america is shit or is it not ? 
  be my guest and move there if you love it so much, 
  huh ? 
  i 'm talking about white americans . 
  but the question is why does white supremacy offends you ? 
  do you perpetrate abuse toward minorities ? 
  i mean if the sock fits wear it honey, 
  but its french , its not even that complicated as german or dutch, 
  i think its the opposite . 
  italians have awful accents plus that annoying tone of theirs mixed with english ? 
  i take a central european 's man accent in english than an italian anyday, 
  no , go away . 
  your country is the biggest tumor of the world . 
  leave and take your people with you too, 
  blm like every protest group has its black sheep that cause shit but in general black people are tired of your white supremacy so they get my support . 
  and the latter is shit too , your country overal is shit . 
  yes i do, 
  why are you getting downvoted its the truth lmao and then they want to act as the arbitrator lol, 
  i am french lmao nice try tho, 
  i was going to defend you but after you said that shit you can stay in the u.k. you 're not welcome \u270b, 
  every cheese that is chick yellow, 
  si , en la uab and i should 've been more clear about my catalan abilities , i can understand and read it at a 100 % but my spelling is terrible so i avoid writing it . 
  should practice it more tho . 
  i was thrown in my first semester of vet school with two entirely catalan classes and iw as never told this , had to learn the hard way, 
  yes, 
  i speak : arabic : is the language i learned how to speak first , i use it all the time with my parents mostly . 
  french : it 's also my native language , i use it with my friends , and almost everyone seeing that i 'm french . 
  i speak a mixture of french and arabic with my sisters tho , i speak french with my boyfriend too because my german is not good spanish : i went to university in spain and did my studies there , the majority of my professional knowledge is in spanish and when i think about medical terms i just think them in spanish first and then i translate them to french , i use it wit my spanish speaking friends only and have n't been using it much since i moved back catalan : do n't use it at all anymore german : my mom grew up in germany and would speak some german with us , i can understand it all but i ca n't speak it well . 
  at the moment i 'm living in germany because i 'm hospitalized , it 's getting a tiny bit better tho , two of my doctors speak french so o do n't use it as much english : internet only and when i ca n't hold a conversation in german and the person does n't speak french , english is my next option, 
  well , if i have kids which i dont think i will , i will use either arab or persian names . 
  my sisters and i all have an arab first and a french middle name but i dont do it with my children . 
  however , i love spanish names , they are strong but beautiful , i like finnish names too . 
  i asked in eli5 about this system that you guys have , i still think its useless and a waste of money and 4 years of your life tbh, 
  lmao the same crap can be said about serbia, 
  i dont like monarchies at all but seeing the orleans in the throne wouldbe nice . 
  mexicans are fleeing mexico because of corruption and refugees are fleeing a war zone caused by the west those are hardly comparable . 
  because you look stupid as fuck , like you want the title but dont make not even an effort to learn the language of your ancestors . 
  lmao no , that would be china . 
  the majority of the usa 's debt is to china, 
  so , are we saying we should destroy the true tumor of the world which is america ? 
  is that what we are saying ? 
  we do n't want you here , get out with your papercut lips and obesity, 
  no fuck him he deserves no chance, 
  no it 's not , it 's one of the best countries in eu in every way , of it is then i want to live in a dictatorship like germany, 
  are you talking about people in barcelona in general now ? 
  lmao this is so true , lived there for 5 years i was one of them i apologize by the way i dress i mean . 
  and you can find superficial , fake , false ( which means the same genius ) and ignorants pretending to be cultures anywhere what even, 
  i dress like one lmao, 
  i am not claiming european identity but if you wan na claim ignorant white hillbillies from louisiana that the only french word they know is bonjour then be fucking guest . 
  i do n't give a damn . 
  see ? 
  all of you idiots that were saying that `` we do n't see race in europe '' can suck it . 
  also , stay pressed cause my passport says otherwise, 
  my boyfriend was born and raised in germany to persian parents . 
  he looks white so by looks he is not discriminated against . 
  he looks like he is from austria tbh or souther germany . 
  but when people find out his name ? 
  all of that is lost, 
  if you are black in germany people will stare one time i went to germany with two black friends so it was them and my little brown ass walking down the street and all of this people where like `` what are those i 've never seen that before '' but o do n't consider that racist . 
  you guys stare , a lot anyways, 
  yea but spanish the term black is used even if you have darker skin and if you are not exactly black african . 
  lol my boyfriend tried finding a job in switzerland and he was rejected most of the time . 
  he has a very persian name . 
  he is a german national so i guess he qualifies in to those darn germans stealing our jobs i had something like that too , this white american bitch thought i could n't speak french and thought she was the shit cause her great grandma was french . 
  will you also explain to me why people started treating me like an actual human being when i said i was n't roma ? 
  and why wo n't you translate it ? 
  saying you are conservative is the same shit as white americans saying they fear black people, 
  yea sure are you going to pretend that you do n't treat roma like shit now ? 
  not renting an apartment because of race is ridiculous . 
  and i usually dress like your regular girl in her mid 20s what 's your point ? 
  but are you white ? 
  does havingblack hair classify you as brown now ? 
  and some idiots are being stupid right now and say '' oh no europe is perfect , it 's a utopia wher everyone loves each other '' bullshit . 
  i 've been denied apartment rentals because they assumed i was a certain ethnicity in spain . '', 
  we do n't rent to people like you '' literally in my face . 
  so wtf is that huh ? 
  we do n't see color ? 
  i 've had experiences in hungary romania , italy , and even germany because they assume i 'm turkish . 
  like i 've literally been asked . 
  so you can lie and lie all tuvwant that europeans do n't see color , but if you are white your opinions are mostly invalid , because you might be doing it yourself without even knowing it, 
  being brown in hungary and romania is not a pretty thing, 
  they never assume i am not french , or at least they think i 've been living here most of my life because of the way i speak . 
  no recently immigrated person will have the accent i have, 
  nah we are different races . 
  why is it so hard to admit ? 
  i mentioned it before , he is perceived as black so that 's what people consider him to be . 
  if he would 've had green eyes or blonde hair it would be different, 
  this is so not true . 
  my experiences as a brown french woman of arab descend is different to those of a white french woman . 
  we do navigate differently , there 's absolutely no problem with that . 
  and as i said before , color blindness just puts all the problems of non whites under the rug . 
  you are labelled , if we were n't each language would n't have a word for brown or black people . 
  or are you going to tell me that discrimination against turks does n't exist in germany ? 
  there are different races , denying they exist means you deny their struggles . 
  different races will stop existing when people stop being treated like shit for it, 
  in my experience is what people perceive you as . 
  i have biracial friends who are considered black because they look monoracial . 
  i am considered brown , my mother tho passes as white even tho she is not so people consider her white or just assume she is .
