  that being said it 's never not assumed i am not french just because i 'm brown tho . 
  that has been my experience, 
  so you gay and indian so what ? 
  that does n't mean you ca n't be a piece of crap, 
  damn how fucking ignorant you are . 
  i picture your hillbilly ugly ass sitting down on a computer with a confederate flag behind you . 
  stop trying to understand how europe works , you do n't even know how your own country works shut the fuck up, 
  do n't apologize . 
  people want to say they want t go back to the old times . 
  byvwhat good ? 
  germany saying it is hilarious to me . 
  germany has never been in a better shape, 
  i do n't know anyone seriously religious , my family and i are cultural muslims and i know plenty of culturally jews . 
  my two closest friends are jewish but they just celebrate yom hashoah , and hanukkah my family and i just observe ramadan and celebrate eid al fitr cause you know food is important . 
  i do n't know any hardcore christians , you know just cultural ones that just celebrate christmas . 
  it has been said that he barely cared about tiffany and just supported her money wise . 
  nah he objectifies his daughters , he is nasty man, 
  so are you going to pretend iraq did n't happen ? 
  are you going to pretend that you were in afghanistan proving the poor ignorant muslims with freedom ? 
  are you going to pretend that you do n't supply idf ? 
  are you saying that the usa was n't responsible for the creation of al qaeda and isis ? 
  and are you also saying that poor westerners are the biggest victims of those two groups ? 
  yea sure looking at your posts , you just made your account and have dedicated your time to attacks muslims and want the usa to invade the middle east , terminating thousands and thousands of lives in the process . 
  you are a disgusting and pathetic excuse of a human being . 
  this is reason # 1 why i hate america . 
  i have no doubt in my mind that the majority of your population thinks the same way as you . 
  why are you even in this sub ? 
  you do n't live here ando want to bet you have n't even been here . 
  i also want to bet you do n't know any muslims . 
  seriously gtfo, 
  i think saying how he would date his daughter if she were n't his and talking about tiffanys figure as a toddler can pass for the `` bad father '' thing . 
  he sees his own daughters as objects, 
  my favorite one is the one in california . 
  the one in paris is nice too because it 's close to me . 
  the one in florida is too big for my liking and because the weather is awful it makes it completely unbearable to be at, 
  so , just because his kids are well behaved means he is s good dad ? 
  lol, 
  i bet muslims whose families were massacred by us made groups think the same away . 
  the same reason muslims and hispanics voted for trump, 
  and vote for the bitch that has said awful stuff about my people ? 
  fuck no, 
  about 200 i think , maybe 150, 
  im i the oinly french that thinks she actually has a chance ? 
  please tell me that everything will be okay fellow countrymen, 
  just accept the fact that you are a racist piece of dirt and move forward . 
  and only 6 percent are truly against it . 
  i 'm so proud, 
  birth control are better than abortion ls yes , but i specifically asked you what to do with someone whose contraception failed . 
  the majority of those methods are hormonal , except dui and not all of them . 
  some of three are copper . 
  and why a permanent method ? 
  so you are basically telling people to get a permanente birth control method just because it 's not convenient for you to let them have an abortion you are basically telling that you do n't care for women that can not use hormonal methods . 
  either they do n't have sex or get a permanent method . 
  spermicide products are not even that effective . 
  not everyone can use the pill , not everyone can use hormonal methods, 
  it is not lol, 
  pro choice completely, 
  it doesnt matter if you offer better sex educations . 
  contraceptions fail too . 
  so whaty are you going to do with those cases of people that used birth control but dont want a child ? 
  any idiot i know that will be voting for le pen will get the ax . 
  i do n't want them in my life . 
  it 's his decision to cut him up if he wants, 
  i feel like a failure when i got arabic wrong : c i learned how to speak arabic before french . 
  had to be saudi lol, 
  ukranian sounds more polish to me ? 
  maybe im wrong, 
  i can tell all the romance languages apart , german , dutch , icelandic , swedish and danish from eachother but if its a norwegian in the mix ill get confused , slavic languages all sound the same to me except for polish , russian and ukranian . 
  i can tell hungarian and finnish apart , i have amost no experience with baltic languages so i cant say . 
  oh and albanian , turkish and greek i can also recognize . 
  no , just that i can actually sit down and listen to someone speaking flemish . 
  dutch is jsut too harsh on my ears, 
  paris in what dimension ? 
  the amount of homeless people in nyc doubles the ones i 've seen in every city in europe, 
  i just picture their ugly redneck faces in their trailer trash neighborhoods in front of their pcs from the early 2000 . 
  bringing this back for the lols, 
  you are racist scum \u270b, 
  oh because he replied to me , so i was confused . 
  the word nazi was n't even used . 
  who me ? 
  it was a sarcastic comment , just read what he wrote . 
  i was actually mocking him but i did n't called him a nazi whatsoever . 
  his comment had racist implications . 
  and that rhetoric in itself is silly , of people return to the right because of that then it just shows that 's what they 've been all along, 
  oh yes i forgot about 5 guys , their cajun fries are delicious, 
  i personally like mine a little thicker , so i guess i like german pancakes ? 
  and omg why i 'm i getting downvoted people do n't know sarcasm ok, 
  i never imply he was a nazi get over yourself, 
  i still prefer their processed burgers . 
  it 's one of my guilty pleasures . 
  i would love to see a sonic , an in n out , slater 50/50 in france . 
  i do n't know how well they would do tho, 
  it 's one of my favorite things , i need me some animal fries , it 's a secret tho, 
  but those states are poor as hell and california might as well dont want to support those red states anymore . 
  sounds like mexico, 
  burgers , i personally loooooooove mcdonald 's , in n out , and shake shack i think its called ? 
  buffalo anything - which i also love and make my own from scratch, 
  why are you appropiating our culture ? 
  cr\u00eapes are french thank you very much lol, 
  and americans tho ?
