  un yes i know what you are talking about i just do n't care, 
  im not going to read all your bible , you saying that america is a melting pot made my point . 
  what ? 
  this is not true, 
  you guys dont even have an actual culture tho, 
  we understand enough , we just dont care too much about you guys . 
  but poland is one of the most racist countries ever tho, 
  i dont understand why those assholes feel the need to come here and answer over us , fuck them, 
  germany and austria, 
  we hatr you too , 
  when i found out the belgians did this i started doing the same and just lied to my math teachers and said i was belgian . 
  they never corrected me . 
  no , europe will not have camps just like they did for the jews that will be like shooting themselves in the foot . 
  in the usa ? 
  im seriously thinking this could happen . 
  oh and you look like an arab ? 
  welcome to the world of racial alienation , where people will look at you weird , question you , wonder why you dont speak up against terrorism and make stupid remarks and questions . 
  thankgod you just look like an arab but you dont have to carry the name like some of us do . 
  but its something that you learn to live with as sad as its sounds . 
  yeah exactly before commiting the murder at a 9/11 , and get real isis takes credit for shit they didnt do just to look more dangerous . 
  and im mentioning christianity because you dont have to be a genius to know that you are talking about islam . 
  one can say that , self hate comes from christianity too is that a foreign ideology in europe ? 
  the mecca of christianity ? 
  actually now that i think of it , several american shootings have been european style . 
  the man that murdered all of the black people in a church just cause they where black . 
  and this other white man murdering 3 muslim kids i think . 
  this new one in munich targetted non whites . 
  why are you so desperate anyways ? 
  i feel sorry for you why are you so angry ? 
  i 've never played it here tho only in spain . 
  weird, 
  the shooter was inspired by the one in norway tho, 
  us french looking in the sidelines by the foreigner women falling in love with french men thinking `` you are going to be played lol '', 
  this new one in munich is an old wolf attack, 
  still had more in common with american shooting than the rest of the massacres we had , that one and the recent one in munich, 
  well , the french are honestly handsome but im not a fan of their seduction techniques lmao, 
  not when you are french yourself and you know all their tricks lmao, 
  well it depends honestly i however dont find them the most attractice , i prefer spaniards tho they are not too tall and hairy . . 
  i like hairy and i 'm super shrot so that works for me . 
  they still did , played this multiple times at parties lol, 
  i like german and austrian men a lot . 
  and that 's what i seem to attract too so imo they are the hottest, 
  exactly a place for people to ask europeans or people nationalized in europe for opinions , not americans lol, 
  and here comes another piece of shit coming at me , i was born here and more useful than this piece of ass lmao, 
  the only american style shooting one is the one in norway . 
  even the orlando shooting was that way even tho it was perpetrated by a brown person , his motives where mostly self hate tbh even if the american government wants to paint it as a terrorist like attack as the ones in europe . 
  the massacres here follow an agenda . 
  they are not american style , this shootings are made by extremists while in the usa the shootings are by white crazy people, 
  i 'm a girl and you give the american an answer , ca n't take the usa seriously atm and probably will never take them seriously if trump wins, 
  because this is a space for europeans we can bash you all we want lol, 
  sio you think the usa is the center of the universe ? 
  why do americans come here asking stupid ass questions that revolve around them in this sub ? 
  seriously ? 
  i can not take anything related to your country seriously right now sorry . 
  yes, 
  you 're an obscure country in eastern europe that no one cares about sorry lol, 
  my house wsa built around 1700s and the little cottage next to it , which is part of the property was built in the 1850s or so . 
  i honestly have no idea, 
  you dont even live here tho so, 
  wow you are a huge piece of slovenian shit lmao, 
  so i guess slovenia is the capital of economy yea ? 
  lol, 
  loved reading this thankyou friend, 
  curious that you said this tho , lived there for 5 years and the amount of festivals and parties dedicated to saints is pretty high so o do n't consider spain secular at all it 's still pretty much catholic, 
  everything about america makes 0 sense to me lol, 
  what do you mean by american food ? 
  many of that food you eat arent exactly american exclusive anyways, 
  deep fried are not american only lmao, 
  im so sorry that you have to go through this : c you really should consider germany , i have several turkish friends that live happily there and they had no problems whatosever getting their blue card . 
  just apply for jobs , i also had friends that the job offers never went through so after having their blue card they had 6 months to find another one and you can even ask for an extension . 
  you can get out of there . 
  lmao shut your fucking ass mouth american scum, 
  i honestly do n't know about spain as a whole which is where i studied , i 'm a vet , but in barcelona there was an overwhelmingly high amount of yorkies that came in for either grooming or vet care . 
  followed by labs , german shepherds ( yes ) and the typical toy breeds in that order i 'll say . 
  in the area that i live in france and again by observation because of my parents clinic i 'll say dogs that are usually hound/shepherd dogs , plus also the poodle having an advantage over other dogs but i 've found that most of them are either standard or medium . 
  this is a weird question tho, 
  native : i 'm going to say arabic because that was the majority language at home , even though my parents would speak french with each other . 
  yeah french too . 
  i 'm fluent in spanish and english . 
  i 'm doing well in catalan and portuguese . 
  i also have a love - hate relationship with german , i grew up with my mother speaking to us in german just as much as in arabic . 
  i was fluent at some point before starting elemenatary school . 
  my mom said that she just got tired of me replying in french instead of german so never followed through , i understand almost all of it tho , and read it but i cant speak it or form sentences with it . 
  just as we dont care about your atupid ass marvel and dc . 
  how dareeee youuuu american even consider that tintin and asterix are n't a big deal ? 
  forshame repent !!!, 
  russia is seen as a better light than the usa tho . 
  i honestly have never met a french that is jealous of murica and as a french of arab descent i can definately agree on your last statement, 
  if you 're asking why i 'm sad it 's because my mother grew up in germany and considers herself german and she is the one that introduced me to football , she is far more passionate about it than my dad who supports france so i 've always been a germany fan . 
  what ? 
  i go the usa once every two years and stay there for around 2-3 months , well used to ca n't now and i probably wont go in a while . 
  do n't need to i have seen enough . 
  i 've been to several asian countries , me and latin america and the majority of european countries . 
  so yes , i 'm very well travelled . 
  i dont know why is this even relevant , i dont pull shit out of my ass this is what i 've experienced . 
  french ... . 
  sort of lets not pretend that they do n't go through some kind of discriminations . 
  however this is mostly in smaller cities . 
  i saw them in several cities in spain and in france of course . 
  have n't noticed them anywhere else , do n't know what they are other than '' i exist '' whatever that means,
