  dingleberry , i laughed, 
  what the fuck are you talking about omg, 
  because you where replying to something i said you dipshit and its you the one talking nonsense lol, 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  i 'm a woman to begin with and that is something that was said by people in this post ca n't you read you idiot ? 
  you know i actually posted something on the ex muslims subreddit , i dont even practice islam but the way you people talk about arabs is just so gross to me . 
  that 's what they said lol, 
  i do n't b elong to one of those numbers so i dont give a fuck , still your country is a burden to the eu , poor poor as fuck . 
  so please shut your mouth . 
  if they ban islam they have to ban all religions , do you seriously want to piss off the hardcore muslims ? 
  now that will be fun . 
  you 're living in a fantasy world , while i agree that some act completely backwards and dont want to adhere to their foster countries rules , in short they dont assimilate i do believe punishment even deportation should apply , but oh no islam will not be ban in the near future keep dreaming . 
  and also what would you do about bosnia and albania ? 
  remove them from the map ? 
  make them part of asia or what ? 
  lol, 
  they also dont want muslims to breed with their women . 
  funny , i suppose the majority of people in this subreddit are men but i wouldnt even think they where that insecure . 
  um no , that 's something totally different . 
  what bullshit ? 
  lol i just exist and pay my shuit like any other . 
  like fucking what ? 
  deport us ? 
  we 're citizens tho ? 
  do you think its within the legal the strip someone of their passports and citizenship and leave us stateless ? 
  and says the portuguese , your country is shit and a burden to the eu . 
  im screaming i cant even . 
  dude , spain is fucked too at least the greeks dont have any separatist movements but you guys ? 
  lol, 
  why do you guys hate us so much tho ? 
  it 's boring already , we are already here , the majority of us are citizens too you ca n't do anything about us . 
  you might as well get used to it . 
  i love you, 
  dude not all of us live there what the fuck do you want us to fly there just to march ? 
  seriously ? 
  lol, 
  french of iraqi and syrian descent , you 're so wrong lol, 
  lmao your arguments are so solid i 'm so impressed . 
  i was going to say i 'm on mobile but nah fuck you, 
  lol so i misspelled your gods name that 's why you are so pissed lol fuck you, 
  are you europea dp you live in europe ? 
  i see that you post on the doblad what the fuck are you doing in this subreddit ? 
  get th fuck out, 
  just look at the thread to proof my point . 
  but yea you have a point, 
  the way some of you express yourselves make me want to puke , they are fucking people escaping horrible situations what in the fuck is wrong with you people ? 
  do you feel fucking superior or what ? 
  also , lol to bringing 3rd world men to breed with european women or viceversa , what ? 
  are you scared that they take your women and populate europe with biracial children ? 
  oh god forbid , you sound like you came directly out of a white pride convention . 
  gross, 
  but xenophobia has always been a thing in europe , why are they treating this issue as new ? 
  lol, 
  so what i 'm i going to see in the wag competition ? 
  the romanians did n't qualified a team and the americans have ugly gymnastics . 
  im going to die , life aint worth it, 
  this is just so funny to me , they do this with us muslims in france to , when in reality the majority of us are pretty happy even like you said we suffer from racism and bigotry all the time . 
  dude you 're canadian why are you even here ? 
  why would that be a problem tho ? 
  i rather have germany being the center of the eu than britain , which is why they want to leave . 
  imagine if france where the center ? 
  the eu would 've disappeared years ago a a union we are a mess . 
  this post means nothing , you didnt even read the article at all, 
  i 've never met a turk like this in my life , actually i 've met many turks that love germany even tho they are treated like shit sometimes . 
  this headline is clickbait did you even read the article op ? 
  or you just want to cause shit = ? 
  yes its beautiful , my parents love it there . 
  i 've only been there once with my sister but i plan to go again solo next year . 
  eastern europe has the most beautiful and hidden touristic places in europe . 
  i love albania , hungary , bulgaria and romania have awesome places too, 
  albania , it barely gets mentioned . 
  but it has beautiful beaches, 
  you people are annoyed by everything seriously what the hell . 
  as a child , and when i was practicing and praying i was allowed a long with my sister to pray during lunchtime because we could use our lunch hours to do whatever we wanted . 
  this was in france in the mid 2000 , now neither of us pray anymore or realy practice so i dont know if its allowed but i dont see the problem with them praying during lunch break at their own time, 
  the majority of us are like this . 
  hell even my grandpa who is syrian and is living in germany atm bought me a bottle of vodka to drink wit my friends on my 16th birthday . 
  the majority , especially rose of us that have been here for generations are pretty secular . 
  so i guess tell eastern european grannies not to cover their head like they do ? 
  it 's just a piece of clothes that covers women 's hair and this might sound surprising some wear it because they want to . 
  especially in the west . 
  so you 're not french your opinion does n't matter ? 
  okay great that settles it . 
  why are some of you want us to forget our language ? 
  why does arabic bothers you so much is just a language . 
  and not all muslims speak arabic to begin with which proves your ignorance . 
  and the majority of the `` sermons '' are done in the local language . 
  sometimes in arabic but not all of it . 
  jerusalem is also holy in islam, 
  and your portuguese sounds like polish , brazilian portuguese is the real deal jk jk jk jk, 
  you 're stupid, 
  lmao, 
  he 's honestly perfect im in tears, 
  for me , my vote will go to macron . 
  let 's hope the majority of frnace does the same, 
  we will be okay if we elect macron and do n't go full retard, 
  the economical situation in spain makes me very upset , spaniards have everything to thrive and they are ruled by politicians that do n't give a shit . 
  spaniards you deserve better . 
  we should put this burgundy trend to rest and change to blue, 
  i want a blue passport too,
