  thanks a lot eu , 
  if austria could just keep their relations with these countries and prestige over 0 ... their combined armies would easily crush france , then austria feeds spain and the netherlands and in 3-4 wars the france would be done . 
  then just spam the reforms , revoke privilegia , get the rest of the europe and i think they still have chances for world conquest . 
  pu with russia and poland/plc would be beneficial too . 
  til there is a polish minority party in lithuania . 
  with the poland map in german i was expecting posen , danzig , breslau and krakau . 
  well , at least warschau is in german . 
  imo during the time of rzeczpospolita obojga narod\u00f3w or simply the commonwealth , the ethnicity was n't perceived like it is today . 
  one could be polish and lithuanian at the same time . 
  ( lithuania , my fatherland ! ), 
  yet he never spoke or wrote a word in lithuanian . 
  for me he 's easily both polish and lithuanian . 
  during the communist times , we had a ` government in exile ' since the escape of the polish government at the beginning of ww2 . 
  through various countries they finally reached london where they formed a polish government ` in exile ' and carried out diplomatic ( and underground resistance ) actions from there . 
  during ppr it was n't easy to escape to another country because of the government policies so the people were mostly in country . 
  [ after 1989 or 1990 the government ( in exile ) ceased to exist and passed the responsibilities to the legal gov in rp . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_government-in-exile ) after we joined the eu a lot of people moved to western countries , particularly to uk and london area to work and live . 
  thus the joke . 
  it is worth mentioning that in some countries the word for ` east ' is the same as ` sunrise ' and ` west ' is the same as ` sunset ' . 
  - what 's the difference between polish people 's republic and the republic of poland ? 
  in the ppr the government was in london and the nation in the country . 
  in the rp it is inverted . 
  - soviet scientists were once making an experiment on spiders . 
  they tore off one leg from the spider , they let him go and say : run !!, 
  the spider runs . 
  they tore off the second leg , they let him go and say : run !!, 
  the spider runs . 
  the procedure goes on , spider has one leg left - he still tried to escape . 
  they tore off his last leg and say : run !!, 
  the spider does n't react . 
  they shout the second time - nothing . 
  the scientists write down the conclusion : after removing all the legs the spider loses hearing . 
  - jaruzelski ( the last leader of ppr ) looks at his portrait and mourns : oh , what is going to happen !, 
  `` nothing '' , the portrait says , `` they will remove me and hang you '' . 
  but polish anthem is about a country , about battle ( war ) and also mentions a few people by name . 
  someone eats more potatoes than us ? 
  no way !, 
  this problem is serious in poland as well . 
  i do n't believe this . 
  we 're not savages , we 'll just wait for the next elections . 
  no disrespect to anyone . 
  actually , most of the eastern eu did n't agree to that . 
  it 's ironic that nearly all these countries that choose u.s. , also consider it the biggest threat according to other map recently posted here . 
  ai n't no messing with someone trained in `` gorilla '' warfare . 
  no one denies that the city was german before ww2 , they meant that it 's flat out wrong to say that it became polish only after the war . 
  it was a silesian city to begin with , and silesians were a slavic tribe . 
  the city was polish , czech and german , depending on the time . 
  space , ze final fronti\u00e9r . 
  so brittany supports every candidate that 's not le pen . 
  kosovo separated from serbia by czech rep. 
  renovatio imperii !!, 
  so , to sum up : most countries ( shown here ) find germany the most trustworthy country . 
  at the same time , most countries find germany the most arrogant . 
  and the least compassionate . 
  they are high . 
  geographically . 
  it 's actually just korwin . 
  he has 0 support . 
  he kinda has a point though about the absurd of obligatory quota system . 
  landlocked greece lol, 
  more like `` the most russian of ukrainian regions '' . 
   that 's why i said nazi camps not german camps . 
  were n't all the nazi death camps german ? 
  yes , pumping lots of money into countries makes them catch up faster , see [ marshall plan . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan ), 
  high skyscrapers , rich people . 
  it 'd be a perfect scenario for cyberpunk game . 
  poland is more than politics . 
  yes we have backwards politics right now but poland is so much more . 
  saying that poland is backward and a problem is calling polish people backwards and a problem , and it clearly [ antipolonism . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-polish_sentiment ) such a shame to even think that a pole would clap to someone saying this . 
  you 're not discovering america stating that france is richer than poland . 
  meh , why i keep wasting my time writing to you . 
  btw the cost of caracals was like if they were made of gold . 
  it was clearly a shitty deal for poland . 
  i am polish too . 
  and i 'm not going to allow anyone insult our country , calling us a problem and a backward country . 
   and now asking for nukes ( but then backstabbing its allies on military spending ) . 
  i hope you do realize that we spend more money as a % of gdp on military spending than france . 
  not like they were supposed to . 
  how is it #alternativefacts ? 
  they were german and we are mad because german newspaper fails to apologize properly for calling them polish . 
  learn about kaliningrad and rethink your comment . 
  their diplomatic reputation is so low at this point that it would take ages to integrate . 
  what does this percentage mean ? 
  well i 'm sorry to hear that kids were n't allowed to speak silesian , did n't know that . 
  i 've had a few friends who were speaking silesian and they did n't complain about this . 
  i am not a silesian speaker myself but i do n't see any kind of discrimination against them . 
  also i do n't think that three silesian uprisings were just because some `` poles '' promised us autonomy . 
  but no one forbids you to speak silesian . 
  i live in silesia btw, 
  forty to one, 
  i was walking on the street in berlin sightseeing when i randomly heard `` kurwa '' . 
  felt like in poland . 
  that 's how you distinguish . 
  how about  prussia  russia, 
  you almost never use singular pieni\u0105dze in polish . 
  for example `` i have money '' - mam pieni\u0105dze . 
  on the other hand you never use plural in english . 
  this 2000 soldiers inside may go outside and kick your ass from behind when you are facing an enemy army .
