  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_against_holocaust_denial ), 
  so , according to you , holocaust happened or not ? 
  looks like sweden came into existence only after joining the eu . 
  you ca n't start a war against not-a-country though . 
  it 's because in christianity people believe that only god should take life . 
  you do n't `` pay '' more . 
  i always say `` vassalize and diplo-annex '', 
  eastern european space agency ? 
  lol man calm down note that i didn \u00b4 t even take any side in your comment warfare , i just stated a simple fact . 
  lmao triggered so easily, 
  a proper representation of europe right now . 
  islam is not a race lol, 
  i know it just sounds super funny for me pole . 
  president is independent from party and upon being elected , no one can really influence him . 
  although up to this point he was playing along pis . 
   although we have a tripartite of the authority , communist judges have n't been replaced after poland transitioned to a democracy in 1989 . 
  a lie . 
  they have been replaced in 1990 , where only 22 judges from the previous composition remained ( mostly civil section of the supreme court ) and these judges constituted 38,6 % of the new squad of supreme court . 
  most of these judges died from old age . 
  do n't spread lies and misinformation please . 
  actually president picked judges , candidates being proposed by the supreme court that is, 
  why not 170 ? 
  half of ukraine speaks russian as a native language . 
  and the majority of belarus . 
  everything can be built with bazillions of slaves . 
  how do you know how many want him to veto ? 
  tell me which country replaces all the judges of the highest court with one law, 
  not really according to that poll 15 % have no opinion not forgetting about kukiz which is not really against pis, 
  what, 
  main square of krak\u00f3w . 
  if you are to visit one city in poland , imo you should go to krak\u00f3w instead of warsaw . 
  the alternative is turkish series 24/7, 
  my point being that the sentence `` basically everyone around us wanted our stuff '' can be attributed to every new-born country after ww1 , not only czechoslovakia . 
  if you look beyond your border you 'll see that everybody wanted to seize as much land as they could for themselves . 
  interwar times , man . 
  so it was the best option to attack lol ( it was an attack , forces moved in , people died ) btw what about that propaganda and provocation you were talking about ? 
  will you give some sources ? 
  edit : ok i just realised i was talking with another guy . 
  anyway , no source did n't happen i mean that is just fucking stupid . 
  first you guys are claiming that you are democracy and shit but when it comes to democratic elections , you are like no no because you know you are going to lose because the territory is mostly settled by polish . 
  can you say more about that ? 
  i had n't heard of it . 
  at the time czechs and slovakians attacked us we were focused completely somewhere else and i doubt we 'd even care to make propaganda directed against czechoslovakia . 
   a democratic country surrounded by sabre-rattling authoritarian regimes . 
  basically everyone around us wanted our stuff . 
  [ you were n't saints , either ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93czechoslovak_war ) . 
  literally hitler lol, 
  expected russia to be higher with their oil and gas export . 
   finally , poland was a quasi-dictatorship that took a part of czechia with nazi germany . 
  do n't pretend you 're angels . 
  they took this part from us 20 years earlier in similar circumstances, 
  lmao you see a funny polish meme and then you call poland salty ... maybe someone else is salty, 
  damn that one guy that did n't come . 
  not gon na have a discussion with you with your bitterness like a 5 year old . 
  and no , i did not read the whole article about persecution of ottoman muslims through many centuries , that is not a genocide . 
  migration of muslims from balkans to anatolia is also not a genocide . 
  you really do need the definition of genocide ( wiki ) :  the united nations genocide convention , which was established in 1948 , defines genocide as `` acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnic , racial or religious group '' . 
   the term genocide was coined in a 1944 book ; it has been applied to the holocaust , the armenian genocide and many other mass killings including the genocide of indigenous peoples in the americas , the greek genocide , the assyrian genocide , the serbian genocide , the holodomor , the 1971 bangladesh genocide , the cambodian genocide , the guatemalan genocide , and , more recently , the bosnian genocide , the kurdish genocide , and the rwandan genocide . 
  you fail to provide any resources on genocide on turks because it was always the turks murdering the others and not the other way around . 
  i already asked you to point me to a genocide on turks . 
  out of pure curiosity . 
  you failed to do that . 
  please tell me already what `` thousand turks '' or `` millions of turks '' being killed are we exactly talking about ? 
  lmao poles were also persecuted for hundreds of years in russian empire and prussia/germany yet i do n't consider it a genocide . 
  check your definitions man . 
  so what genocide are you talking about ? 
  you do n't want to tell me that you consider persecution of ottoman muslims over centuries a genocide ? 
  when was the time millions of turks were killed in balkans ? 
  have you ever heard of lebensraum and generalplan ost ? 
  allying hitler was not an option . 
  weird color grading . 
  montenegro 182 dark blue , hungary 183 light blue and slovakia 184 dark blue again . 
  i just wanted to point out that by shaming her he meant you leaving out the polish part of her surname , the fact where she is resting is irrelevant, 
  you mean in warsaw , russian empire / s, 
  what exactly is usa doing in ukraine according to you ? 
  according to wiki radison blu plaza hotel is not the tallest building in norway , [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyholtt%c3%a5rnet ) is . 
  did sun fire back ? 
  waiting for the baltic coast of czech republic . 
  do you think that women not being able to be priests in catholicism is a discrimination against women ? 
  but you know that you can get a permission for gun if you prove your life is in threat ? 
  no , but apparently english wiki knows better . 
  austria trying to imitate polandball . 
  maybe they do n't consider themselves spanish , only catalan ? 
  what is someone is christian and european ? 
  what does he believe ? 
  then these ee workers would have no jobs in france because they would n't be hired , because they are hired because they 're cheaper . 
  i never ever heard anyone saying this is a problem . 
  all i hear is welcoming people for ukrainians and satisfaction that they are doing the shitty jobs . . 
  portugal eastern europe confirmed again . 
  they do want to cut a part of puszcza bia\u0142owieska , right ? 
  why do n't we leave national parks alone and cut down other trees with caution ? 
  puszcza bia\u0142owieska is a unique forest , not like millions of hectares of other forests . 
  this man should go to jail . 
  the deluge . 
  why the difference between southeastern uk and northwestern france ? 
  and btw weird administrative division of poland . 
  edit : i realised these may just be main roads or sth . 
  stupid me, 
  latvian administration are you ok ? 
  i see what you did there with slovakia and slovenia .
