   airplanes do not require 100s of km of highly maintained and fragile tunnel under vacuum . 
  that 's already a thing and it 's called metro . 
  maybe not vaccum though , but still . 
  besides , i 'm not going to play smarty , pretending that i know all the stuff . 
  i genuinely wish this project luck . 
  man , scientists are still doing their thing to see if it will work . 
  no reason to deny and reject this project from the beginning . 
  150 years ago no one would suspect that people will be flying in 10 hours over continents , and 600 years ago few people would think that the earth is round . 
  better that the system has to be halted than if someone was to be hurt . 
  well , it 's elon musks ' money , let 's just grab popcorn and wait . 
  why does the no-tree part of northern italy match almost perfectly its [ height map ? ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/data-and-maps/figures/elevation-map-of-europe/europeelevation.eps/image_large ) . 
  trees ca n't grow at such a low attitude ? 
  the other low regions such as the benelux and northern germany is also less treeified ( i just created this word ) . 
  [ 3 stations , each has four charging slots . 
  ] ( https://www.tesla.com/findus#/bounds/65,55,34,-11,d?search=supercharger&amp;name=europe ) ( if you were talking about how many chargers there are ), 
  prevc family is kicking ass in sky jumping . 
  jurij tepe\u0161 too . 
  shots fired . 
   15 ( ... ) in the majority of the cases , the subjects of these motion pictures deal with war , or they are propaganda films , with subjects which drive the ordinary person nuts and get on his nerves . 
  however , if a good film does arrive there , then it is impossible to see it , for the auditorium is overcrowded and you ca n't get a ticket . 
  i 'm dying lmao . 
  and their goal was n't to unite the europe either . 
  the support for free abortion ( on demand ) is really weak in poland . 
  this map is one of the most terrifying things i 've seen recently . 
  i always thought abortion is everywhere a marginal problem within 1-2 % , like here in poland . 
  [ the data is true , unfortunately . 
  ] ( http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/#st ), 
  honestly , i find the rest of the europe hard to believe . 
  like ... most of the pregnancies are getting aborted in russia ? 
  what ? 
  i guess it 's the number of people from age 18 to the age of retirement ( working age ) divided by the total number of people [ inhabiting particular region ] , expressed as a percentage . 
  edit : i just saw that in the case of this image , it 's percentage of people aged 20 to 64 , even though working age population may differ by country depending on the retirement age set by each country . 
  plc was crap , could n't handle the minorities properly , its internal and external affairs sucked . 
  it pushed 50 great years just by the momentum and then everything deteriorated . 
  calm down , dude, 
  africa = 7 . 
  and lithuania , i guess . 
  especially that mickiewicz had many russian friends , like pushkin , ryleev and bestuzhev . 
  he spent many years in russia and he was n't orientated negatively towards russians , but he saw russians as victims of tsar absolute dictatorship . 
  i bet it 's with onions since cebularasa is a famous exporter of cebolla and certainly satisfies local needs , but i 'll ask my san escobarian friends . 
  i 'm not sure , but i 've heard that you can find many different types of onions in cebularasa , a small village between senderos and gargamele . 
  crime and punishment , pol . 
  zbrodnia i kara ) by fyodor dostoyevsky is an obligatory book in polish educational system . 
  it 's a very good book , i liked it and my friends too . 
  the other russian book i read is metro 2033 by dmitry glukhovsky and it 's an awesome book too . 
  i 'm looking forward to reading the other two parts , metro 2034 and metro 2035 . 
  these books are quite popular here , in poland . 
  laughed at these big-ass nato tanks and poor russian citizen ... 
  riots in russia ? 
  if they would have time to start weapon production , yes . 
  [ appropriate quote of japanese fleet admiral during ww2 , on war with us . 
  ] ( http://izquotes.com/quotes-pictures/quote-in-the-first-six-to-twelve-months-of-a-war-with-the-united-states-and-great-britain-i-will-run-wild-isoroku-yamamoto-279772.jpg ), 
  i read asenovgrad as isengard . 
  norway it can be true . 
  that thing built 80 years ago from wroc\u0142aw to olszyna can barely be called a highway . 
  it 's in a terrible state and you [ jump every few meters . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hed_imjbfq ) thank god there 's j\u0119drzychowice highway . 
  2 ) yeah a lot of people especially young speak english well . 
  they are not too poor ; they are morons . 
  being a vassal state is more than just paying tribute . 
  first of all you have to provide military assistance to the overlord . 
  it was russian empire/bolsheviks more than belarus . 
  i find that very misleading . 
  ca n't you change the title to something like `` countries poland ever fought with '' ? . 
  it 'd be more accurate . 
  when did we invade serbia , romania , belarus , france , belgium , finland ? 
  also a large part of these countries - like spain , italy , austria - come from napoleonic wars , when we wanted to secure our independence ;(, 
  look at that ottoman empire . 
  when were we a turkish vassal ? 
  and czechia/czechoslovakia , and austria . 
  beautiful . 
  maybe they forgot to divide by 10 or something . 
  i have n't been there myself so i will just say what our articles say . 
  from what i read there was some sort of argument at the kebab-place , or in front of it and guy got stabbed . 
  nafris were arrested . 
  next day other guys ( skinheads ) got mad and demolished the place , police intervened . 
  edit : you can just look the video in the link i provided to see it yourself . 
  whoa , i think you got the chronology wrong . 
  [ this guy died in saturday between 22-23 . 
  ] ( http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/7,114883,21190700,elk-awantura-pod-lokalem-nie-zyje-21-latek-raniony-nozem.html ) there is nowhere stated that the victim was throwing fireworks !, 
  police said he was probably a customer . 
  4 persons , 2 from algeria , tunisian and moroccan were arrested . 
  then in sunday about 2pm people gathered and destroyed the place . 
  then police intervention followed and over 20 people were arrested . 
  i do n't want to justify the demolition of that kebab place , but your comment completely gets the casual link backwards . 
  i do n't know if you did it on purpose or accidentally . 
  europe was very unstable in 20th century . 
  ww1 , ww2 , cold war ... 
  there were always wars in europe . 
  10/10 would revoke privilegia, 
  well that 's what russia did in eastern europe . 
  and now compares annexation of crimea to the unification of germany . 
  so if i conquer some territory , kill or displace local population and replace it with my people , i can say that this territory is `` historically and ethnically '' mine ? 
  it 's actually pretty nice , main market square . 
  and if someone 's in krak\u00f3w , they would probably visit wawel and other krak\u00f3w attractions as well . 
  malbork 's great though . 
  just like crimea is n't historically and ethnically russian province . 
  it became a russian province at the end of xviii century , and it was inhabited by crimean-tatars . 
  i do n't . 
  things like these are not for sale .
