  i 'll be voting to stay in , and want to get the referendum over and done with . 
  i just do n't happen to think that european integration means the uk abandoning any idea of national interest or ` shutting up and getting in line ' . 
  i go to the us regularly enough to have global entry , which is fantastic both for skipping the long lines to enter the us and for getting tsa pre and skipping long security lines inside the us . 
  for my next holiday ( vacation ) in the us , i 'll be back in san diego for comic-con . 
  after a brief trip to la , it 's on to washington d.c. , mostly because i have n't been before and would like to see some of the museums and monuments . 
  then finally back to nyc , because it 's been far too long since i was there . 
  i usually manage about one or two holidays to the us a year . 
  i 'm in the uk and really enjoyed the west wing . 
  it 's a well-acted , well-scripted piece of television . 
  having said that , it 's clearly not particularly realistic in a political sense . 
  it strikes me as an idealised version of the clinton presidency . 
  until alan alda arrives as senator vinnick , pretty much every republican ( or right-winger ) is a buffoon , obstructionist or downright nasty . 
  it 's sometimes mawkish to the point of being nauseating - especially in the 9/11 special . 
  the most striking difference is how positive it is overall about the political process and politicians . 
  for decades , british shows on the same topic have tended to be well observed and biting satire - yes minister , yes prime minister and in the thick of it . 
  i think american tv has turned in this direction more recently - the guy behind in the thick of it is also behind veep . 
  but the west wing is still an extremely positive look at politics , for the most part . 
  `` going dutch '' - when both parties pay for their own share when on a date . 
  `` double dutch '' - a completely incomprehensible foreign language or speaking nonsense . 
  `` dutch courage '' - confidence gained through drinking alcohol . 
  just ignore him . 
  it 's a troll account - the post history is just ridiculous anti-americanism . 
  not a tourist , but i worked with someone from luxembourg who spoke doric . 
  it was completely fascinating hearing it spoken in another accent . 
  on the contrary , the sun never stops shining on the empire !, 
  yes , even now we 've got rid of most of it ... 
  [ portmerion ] ( http://i4.dailypost.co.uk/incoming/article6738839.ece/alternates/s1200/portmeirion-village.jpg ) , [ wales ] ( http://www.abercelyn.co.uk/uploads/hero-images/north-wales/deeper/deeper3.jpg ) - not exactly what you 'd picture a north welsh village looking like . 
  [ luskentyre ] ( https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2014-08/3/17/enhanced/webdr05/original-2413-1407102568-3.jpg?downsize=715:*&amp;output-format=auto&amp;output-quality=auto ) , harris , scotland - white sands , crystal waters and very , very cold . 
  the scottish parliament has done very little recently . 
  the parliament elected in may 2016 has only passed a budget since that time . 
  the scottish parliament has n't passed any substantive legislation since march 2016 . 
  yeah - i think i 've been five times in total . 
  mostly around orlando , but i 've also been to miami , tampa , st petersburg and a few other places . 
  i do like it there , yeah . 
  the weather is totally unlike back home , as is the scenery and wildlife . 
  i was mostly just passing through on my last trip . 
  i took the train to k\u00f6ln from brussels , then a night train through germany to innsbruck . 
  it was my first time in k\u00f6ln - the k\u00f6lner dom was incredibly impressive . 
  hessen looks lovely !, 
  i 'm planning on going to the s\u00fcdtirol next year , but i think i 'm going to try to work some time in germany into the trip . 
  germany . 
  the food is great , beer and wine is excellent , people are nice and the scenery can be fantastic . 
  there 's also sense of familiarity - germany feels a great deal like the uk/scotland on some levels . 
  oh , and i enjoy surprising people when they find out i 'm not german . 
  i 've been told by multiple germans that i look very german and my spoken german apparently does n't sound particularly accented . 
  apparently most like a [ bay area californian or someone from honolulu . 
  ] ( https://nyti.ms/2rpjb6q ) although a fair number of the questions got me a totally dark-blue map - the way i speak or expression i 'd use rare or unknown in the us . 
  they usually go by the name of ` freemen-on-the-land ' rather than sovereign citizens . 
  they basically argue that all statute law is invalid and that only the common law applies . 
  they also tend to place a great deal of emphasis on the magna carta of 1215 . 
  my grandfather was a professional soldier , stationed in singapore from 1933 . 
  he fought and defended singapore until it fell , then became a prisoner of the japanese . 
  he was sent to a work camp in taiwan . 
  he worked there for nearly four years mining copper in conditions of great hardship . 
  fed a starvation diet of rice , he worked up to his waist in caustic water with no safety equipment . 
  any fault , real or imagined was punished harshly . 
  towards the end of the war , he was sent on a death march to another camp , where the japanese planned to kill all of the prisoners . 
  his life was saved by the unexpectedly swift japanese surrender , which had n't allowed the guards the time to kill them . 
  i know quite a few people who do most of their food shopping at a m&s - especially at a ' [ simply food ] ( http://www.swindonadvertiser.co.uk/resources/images/2817663/ ) ' . 
  the black and yellow one . 
  but it turns out they do n't operate in the uk any more - they closed last year . 
  aye , the one in giffnock is the only one in scotland . 
  they do n't have a big presence in the uk - i just checked and there 's apparently only 9 of them . 
  based on the one 's i 've used in the us , i 'd put them up near the top - probably between waitrose and m&s . 
  they 're both discount chains , but i think aldi positions itself as high quality at a low price . 
  i know loads of people who normally shop at m&s who go to aldi for things - particularly wine . 
  when i think of spar , i think of a small convenience store with high prices and limited selection . 
  aldi have a reputation for having good quality at a low price . 
  there 's obviously a lot of room for argument here ( and this is n't supposed to be comprehensive ) but - 1 . 
  waitrose 2 . 
  marks and spencer 3 . 
  morrisons 5 . 
  tesco 6 . 
  asda 7 . 
  lidl 8 . 
  the us is currently building a new embassy in london - which is due to be completed this year . 
  it 's going to be [ very large and modern ] ( http://www.thelondonmagazine.co.uk/media/4753/mirah-the-london-magazine-new-us-embassy-render-af793fd6-5742-441b-b409-dfe291b3634a.jpg ) i much prefer the new embassy to the current one , which is n't very appealing to look at . 
  the size does n't concern me at all - the us embassy in london is and always has been very large . 
  in any case , the uk embassy in washington dc is also very large - two chanceries , accommodation and multiple other buildings in a compound . 
  the original building was one of the first embassies on embassy row . 
  i think my favourite part of it is the statue of churchill which is placed so one foot is in the usa , one in the uk . 
  scotland -  can people buy guns or are they basically not allowed ? 
  people can buy guns for which they have the appropriate licence . 
   what kind of steps are required for buying a gun ? 
  the biggest hurdle is obtaining a licence . 
  once you have the licence , purchasing is simple . 
  there are two main kinds of licences . 
  both kinds of licences are obtained from the police and involve a background check . 
  part of getting a licence is having a lockable gun cabinet which is bolted to a wall . 
  a shotgun certificate allows the holder to own and purchase a shotgun or shotguns . 
  a shotgun certificate is not difficult to obtain - there 's essentially a presumption in favour of it being granted . 
  a firearms certificate allows the holder to own or purchase a rifle or rifles . 
  these are slightly more difficult to obtain - you have to be able to demonstrate good reason for wanting one . 
  there is a general prohibition on other kinds of firearms - that includes handguns , automatic weapons and a wide variety of other guns . 
  these are only legal where specifically authorised by the scottish government . 
   what kind of guns can be purchased ? 
  that depends on the licence held . 
  but essentially - shotguns and rifles . 
  rifles are either bolt-action or semi-automatic and can be chambered in a wide variety of calibres . 
   how common is knowledge of using a gun ?
