   nato only applies within the confines of the vague north america - europe region . 
  and i think that the eu army would be used on eu territory . 
  french guyana and things like that are n't part of the eu , schengen or anything , they 're just french citizens . 
  eu citizens ca n't freely go to these territories . 
  i think the other , decent houses , will pay to build the other houses to become homogenous . 
  that sounds more like nato . 
  the eu stops the eu countries from attacking other eu countries because they have such integrated trade . 
  nato countries can attack each other , for example greece and turkey were about to fight each other because of the cyprus issue , the tensions cooled down after pressure from the us and eu countries to stop . 
  eu made it unprofitable to attack another eu country because of trade and other agreements . 
  [ short answer : domesticable animals . 
  ( check 6:20 ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeyh5wacqek ), 
  terror attacks and the number of people involved in those ? 
   ~ ~ a literal shit hole ~ ~ an outhouse somewhere in the back garden  ~ ~ a fountain ~ ~ a well for water supply ftfy, 
  then the people shooting the citizens should have a difference so they wo n't feel empathy to the people getting shot . 
  like religion , race , nationality , etc. 
  but , since a country 's population reflects their army i do n't think there are people that 'd shoot to kill peaceful protesters , if they were armed protests the army convinces themselves they killed in self defense . 
  do n't you just make yourself shootable by arming yourself ? 
  the reason the coup in turkey failed is because the military did n't want to shoot innocent civilians . 
  ignoring the fact that he is a persona non grata and thinking he can just waltz in . 
  i have no idea what he 's talking about :  in vojvodina , romanian enjoys the status of official language and romanians in this province receive a wide range of minority rights , including access to state-funded media and education in their native language . 
  most of the romanians and vlachs of serbia are eastern orthodox by faith , belonging to the romanian orthodox church ( romanians in vojvodina ) and serbian orthodox church ( vlachs of central serbia ) . 
  -- from [ the `` romanians of serbia '' wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanians_of_serbia#culture ), 
  the fact that they 're singers should n't exempt them from becoming * persona non grata * , they 're not and should n't be above the law . 
  here 's another singer that 's not allowed in azerbaijan :  in june 2013 , spanish opera singer montserrat caball\u00e9 was included in a list of personae non gratae in azerbaijan for visiting of nagorno karabakh without permission of azerbaijan . 
  i do n't think the opinion of an ex-president that 's desperately trying to get back in the government is that relevant , especially since his party does n't stand a chance of actually dictating anything . 
  he 's trying to push the agenda that the recognized vlach minority in serbia should be considered romanians . 
  [ `` you can check the vlachs of serbia identity wiki '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlachs_of_serbia#identity ), 
  magyarizing a name , becoming catholic , does n't mean they 've turned hungarian , [ that person seems to take pride in romania ] ( http://i.imgur.com/invt3xk.jpg ) so he could consider himself more romanian than hungarian . 
   you just proved my point ... and you did n't realize it when you posted this ?!, 
  you must be playing thick . 
  it was hiroshima , i remembered wrong . 
  did n't the politicians start by illegally grabbing forrested land to sell ? 
   you 're not blaming the foreign factor that initiated the bribery that 's because it 'd be fair and normal to blame the one that initiated the illegal act , it should n't matter if they 're foreign or not . 
  also , you could try not acting like a complete douchebag . 
  i do n't understand where you got that i would show favouritism to people because they 're not romanian , that 's a strawman . 
  it 's not like some politcians took them after the revolution , and so the forests were never free , which they then sold the land to get rich . 
  i do n't like , it 's a square for me . 
  these are not rockets , they 're bombs . 
   but the story is already being used by pro-kremlin groups to argue that romania 's deveselu base has an offensive use against russia and that the us is moving nuclear weapons there . 
  [ they already claimed the anti-missile system is against them for 2 years . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/8ux3oiweliq ) also , [ i would n't be surprised if they continued spewing propaganda against deveselu . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/3onjhy1it-8 ) . 
  nagasaki and hiroshima * blew themselves up with potatoes confirmed . 
  the guys that fought for him obviously . 
  * what ? 
  you did n't know ? 
  * the queen is obviously a man eating lizard . / s, 
  good job , you 've spoiled it for me , i do n't care about anything anymore . 
  but , we inented the * best * dna . 
  i do n't think joining germany because of an army lead coup after which we forcibly became fascist and then having a king and population lead coup means the population liked the nazis . 
  edit : also , romania joined in the opposition against the su because they took moldova ( because empire ) . 
  we 'll let you have this one , 
  watch out op !, 
  you 're next !, 
  but you complain that the rest of nato are inefficient , or that you have to piggyback them . 
   the eu means nothing to me , so why would i fight and possibly die for an entity that i have no feelings or sense of obligation towards whatsoever ? 
  you would n't fight for an institution that has pushed for your rights in the workplace ? 
  or that fought for your country 's benefit ? 
  if it were fair for all states it would n't be fair to the population , the warsaw pact would outnumber germany and france by number , but not by population . 
  even the us had closer relations with russia when yeltsin was president . 
   when the british people voted for the conservatives back in 2015 they expected cameron to be pm , not may . 
  actually , in the uk you vote for the party and then the majority party suggest the pm which the queen can deny . 
  they should n't expect the party leader to always become pm , they should vote based on their policies . 
  nato countries are forced to defend each other . 
  allied countries that are also in nato can join a fight , nato ca n't force anyone to join a war . 
  did you try to hint that the missile defense station in romania is the same act of aggression as the nuclear missiles in cuba ? 
  this is such a meme . 
  well , since you can adopt only when you 're married ( plus some other benefits like sharing 50 % with your partener and inheritance ) this might be one solution they might 've come up with . 
  `` it deteriorates fundamenal family values '' , `` a child ca n't grow with two guys as his parents , it needs a mother and father '' , `` it turns the kid gay '' , etc. 
  i do n't get it either , it 's like some kind of paranoia/hysteria over non-existant issues . 
  you do n't need magic when you control the media . 
  tehnically you can , which is why the orthodox church and 1 mil . 
  pro-family people want to change the constitution to say `` a man and woman '' instead of `` two people '' . 
  he 's probably projecting from what is currently happening in romania ( making gay marriage illegal ) . 
  it 's more like it 's a non-un country . 
  also a lot of people recognize kosovo while not that many abkhazia . 
  an example of a country that 's not recognized by the west but is in the olympics is palestine . 
  transnistria/pridnestrovie is n't in the olympics because only non-un countries recognize them and is not part of the un . 
  did we say he 's mario mario ? 
  it 's mario mario, 
  do schengen countries have border checks with other schengen countries , i 'd say it 's hard to keep someone in when they either sneak through or create a huge mass of people that walk through a country ( there were a lot of people that needed to get registered , but were able to escape ) . 
  `` you 're fired ! '', 
   european council   a body of which only one member is even remotely elected by me . 
  the european council is made to represent the parliaments of the member countries in eu , i think you meant the council of europe , which is the heads of states in the eu . 
   the make-up of the commission is subject to national interests , not the will of the people manifest in the eu pairlament . 
  its make-up is subject to each nation 's interests , each nation 's interests should be the will of their own country 's people . 
   the eu pairlament also can only approve all or none of the selected commissioners , not each individually . 
  it can veto as long as it wants , if they were to choose individually there 'd be only one type of person in the commission . 
  and they do . 
  the president of the commision is proposed by the european council , then the council of europe and the parliament choose wether to approve the candidate . 
  more like china , or they 'd just cut ties altogether . 
  we should know from histroy that no dialogue leads to even more escalation . 
  dialogue is the reason why the cold war did n't explode . 
  hungary ? 
  one of the countries that tried to stop them from entering ? 
  greece ? 
  it 's pretty hard to stop people in the middle of the sea . 
  are n't they nato members ? 
  selling tanks does n't make them closer to joining the eu . 
  so , what he said was wrong , i do n't think people would say your grandfathers `` have done nothing their whole lives '' .
