  it was more like boasting , rather than a thought-out action . 
  we 're still against russia in syria because of our position on assad , we 're supporting rebels while russia is supporting assad , we could 've used that confidential information that israel * entrusted * the us with to help our group . 
  politically the continent and the eu are the same thing . 
  politically speaking , eu is europe / europe is the eu , otherwise we 'd refer to their specific countries , we 're not discussing geography . 
  that 's why america means both the us ( politically ) and the continent ( geographically ) . 
  there are plenty of american countries that i could be referring to when i say `` america '' which is n't the us , but whomever says america most of the time they mean the us with the exception of geography ; politically europe means the eu , otherwise you 'd refer to them as their respective countries . 
  we 're talking about politics , not geography . 
  the information on isis given by the israeli secret services to the us , which he ended up telling it to the russian ambassador and their foreign minister thinking we were allies against isis in syria . 
  leaking confidential information to non-allies . 
  `` ce '' is always pronounced ch , like cer ( sky ) sounds like chair . 
  he still was a racist alt-right trump supporter . 
  people are born into power if it 's influence , money or trump . 
   can you see one hungarian flag here ? 
  i 've seen 2 in the front , in the back it 's harder for me to see . 
  and i do n't think the hungarian flag is needed in a protest against hungary 's government . 
  the opposition uses a symbol of the opposition , what a surprise . 
  fuck minorities / s, 
  i was n't arguing anything . 
  i did n't . 
  you should 've seen the killer 's statement . 
  jo cox was killed by an unstable nationalist because she was for remain . 
  in bosnia there 's the srpska republic . 
   made me cringe made me cringe, 
  civil war is a different thing from actual war between two countries , lead by a leader with a goal ( most likely some kind of gain ; why would anyone do something detrimental to their country and themselves ? ), 
  why would any country destroy their economy by attacking a country that 's part of its economy . 
  here 's a whole sentence made up of only vowels :  eu \u00eei iau ei oaia aia, 
  reached through concrete achievements instead of authoritarian oppression, 
  this was the warning before you were thrown in the gulag . 
  we would n't want people to do whatever they wanted willy nilly now would we ? 
  the running around like a headless chicken . 
  usa . 
  too bad they 'd continue being in the eu for most of its journey and get back thanks to the freedom of movement . 
  we would 've gotten the same abbreviations if we did n't join nato later , now we use the one that 's popular with big daddy us . 
  we still use ue , urss/us and sua/su . 
  it was more like because trump won . 
  if in the french elections anyone else were to win other than le pen they 'd continue saying the french caliphate is coming . 
   surely you can come up with an actual example . 
  for what ? 
  to show you 're living on another planet ? 
   christians are the most persecuted religious group in the world the jews have been persecuted more and continue being persecuted to this day . 
  also , you said poland being  `` neo-liberal and questionably secular '' is a more apt description , seeing as they 're more than happy to open europe 's borders to cultures that wish to do away with the concept of secularism altogether . 
  but then you say  unsurprising that these countries are against islamic migration would n't that mean they 're not neo-liberal , but conservative ? 
  what are you doing ? 
  you 're out of your element . 
  poland is the most against these migrants after hungary . 
  also capable to compete . 
  i 'd classify it as both . 
  small enough to be an island , big enough to be a continent . 
  he said it like it was a consequence . 
   brussels government controls everything else sigh ...  countries have no control over their own currency and it is n't controlled by the eu . 
   and most do n't have the control of their borders . 
  that 's schengen , a separate entity from the eu . 
  [ too condensed for that . 
  ] ( https://static01.nyt.com/newsgraphics/2017/01/04/inauguration-crowds/9e038837b6bddf59b47212f9df94eff0cf6bbdee/peak-trump-from-wash-mon.jpg ), 
   seeing as they 're more than happy to open europe 's borders to cultures that wish to do away with the concept of secularism altogether . 
  you must be living in an echo-chamber separate from the real world . 
  greenland is 4 times larger than madagascar and the uk is smaller than madagascar , but australia is the biggest island . 
  ] ( http://www.mylifeelsewhere.com/country-size-comparison/madagascar/united-kingdom ) shit dude i thought greenland was less island and more glacier . 
  the_donald is the biggest safe space there is , you 're out of your element . 
  are models really obese , i mean like , * really ? 
  * let me respond with exactly your parent comment said :  yes , of course obesity is the bigger problem when looking at the general population . 
  and  but this ban is a response to problem with a specific subset of the population where anorexia is a much larger problem than obesity . 
   liberal states would gang up on the conservative ones becauss they have more people . 
  well , the demos does kratos in that instance . 
  we need to remember that in the us you do n't necessarily win if you win the popular vote , which hillary won it with 48 against trump 's 46 . 
  the brexit polls were in the margin of error and ended up 52-48 in favour of leave . 
  i do n't know what `` they were out on the numbers '' means . 
  macron won 24 , le pen 21 , fillon 20 , melenchon 19.5 ; the polls showed 25 , 22 , tie at 19 . 
  vvd won 21 , pvv 13 , cda 12 , d66 12 ; the polls were 17.5 , 10.1 , 12.1 , 13.1 . 
  no , the eu alde is totally different than our alde , the eu is extremely federalistic in comparison , while t\u0103riceanu is using a slightly euro-skeptic stance . 
  by east europe you mean russia 's close borders ? 
  we in ee learn german or french after english . 
   every major event in the west over the past few years has been called incorrectly by the pollsters . 
  the us polls showed hillary in front by less than 5 % , so they were right . 
  the brexit polls were correct , the dutch polls were correct , the french first round was correct . 
  hillary was ahead of trump by less than 5 % in the polls and would you look at that , the polls were right in that case . 
  in some days leave was ahead by a few points , other days remain were ahead and what a surprise , the polls were right again . 
  alsace lorraine , south tyrol , szekely land , these conflicts are non-issues thanks to the eu 's freedoms . 
  ahead by 5 % , so in the margin of error and she did win the popular vote . 
  the union was built by national governments , why would they give up their powers for something they could n't have foreseen ? 
  ca n't really see it . 
  do france and germany * need * nato ? 
  does greece and turkey * need * nato ? 
  alsace and lorraine might reignite without the eu 's freedoms ( maybe ni too ) , the situation in cyprus might have escalated to war if their allies did n't push for them to stop . 
  nato did n't help stop these frictions at all . 
  so the refugees caused the middle eastern conflict and the only way we stop the conflict is by deporting the immigrants ? 
  did st. george 's cross betray you or did you betray it ? 
  she never was # 1 the votes were still being counted ( were they 20 % of the 70 % that voted ? ) . 
  the only people celebrating this news and taking it like `` le pen won '' was the_donald . 
  petry stepped down from candidating and afd has 7 % ( ? ), 
  support . 
  it would seem like protests do not happen in response to anything for you ... 
  why is that ? 
  even if the us of europe ever happens there 'll still be national identities like in ever country/federation like germany ( with the biggest example being bavaria ) or even the us ( with texas ) . 
   le pen is # 1 in the polls and afd is gaining foothold in germany . 
  what ? 
  le pen is 20 % behind macron and afd is imploding and has little support . 
  from what i remember , it was the cold . 
  after so many people fled the country as refugees it 's useless to do another referendum . 
  we could do a referendum in isis controlled areas and we 'd reach the conclusion that isis is paradise .
