  the reason gay men are at risk is because they rupture their assholes during sex . 
   because you are n't really much at risk of contracting hiv i would like to remind you that hiv is spread by blood : a bad transfusion , an open wound , an anal rupture , etc. 
  all give hiv . 
   if you do n't fuck around with everybody . 
  because some gay people are polyamorous that does n't make it a gay trait . 
  the reason their percentage of hiv infections is so high is because they do n't that many options . 
   so basically , the taxpayer is forced to pay for a drug that is the nhs ' purpose , yes . 
   that would be completely unnecessary if gay men would n't fuck with dozens of partners at a time or they would use condoms . 
  again , you do n't need to have sex to get hiv , gays will end up having hiv because their date has a high chance of having hiv ( so they 'd end up not using condoms ) , and they do use condoms . 
   but the state should subsidize expensive drugs that only benefit gay men , funny . 
  it 's not only a gay problem . 
   today they want `` civil partnerships '' , but no worries , as soon as they will have that , they will want `` marriage equality '' , then adoptions actually , those are things that they want , even today ( there 's no need for predictions , you can just ask ) , because they want to be treated the same , but you know , gradual progress , they will cede some points to get others sooner . 
   then free drugs so they can fuck a dozen partners a day and not get hiv and so on . 
  there 's no sign they 'd want that whatsoever . 
  there also is n't any movement that 'd want free condoms or contraception , everyone 's ok with buying them . 
  also  then free drugs [ it would n't be the first time we gave free medicine for different viruses or diseases . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/qnwwrdbrbqk?t=2m29s )  it 's already happened in other countries , so i do n't buy any bullshit . 
  did '' then free drugs so they can fuck a dozen partners a day and not get hiv and so on . '', 
  happen ? 
  i think you might 've bought quite a lot of bullshit . 
  the government is also supposed to protect minorities by following human rights . 
  otherwise you 'd get the tyranny of the majority . 
   whatever rights you give them , they 're never happy , always want more spouting bullshit are we ? 
  what ? 
  is belarus and latvia defense agreement somehow rubbish ? 
  there 's no need to take precautions , because we somehow know more than russia itself . / s also , you just created an idiotic tangent . 
  everything 's bigger in texas !, 
  more like rome , all roads lead to rome . 
  he did say the us might not help estonia in case they were attacked unless they were paying the 2 % ( which they were , such amazing foreign knowledge ) . 
  by setting a requirement for defense he made the treaty which says an attack on one of its members is an attack on all its members is n't actually an attack on all its members . 
  the shiites have no link with romania , but whatever , romans yeah !, 
   i , for one , welcome our new portuguese ~ ~ overlords ~ ~ landlords . 
  they 're not gon na ask for much . 
  that 's a pretty nice thing to know romania from ( also because it 's a great city ) and probably more than any romanian expects . 
  happy anniversary for us !, 
  that map does n't make any sense , you ca n't occupy the adriatic sea and what 's with those lines ? 
  edit : now i got the joke , i feel stupid , i was n't able to see borders or size . 
  please forgive us americans for insulting your lord and saviour !, 
   autocerrection that 's what you get for insulting it ... 
  i 'm surprised hungary is more for this resolution than us . 
  maybe we do n't notice the propaganda and do n't think it 's a problem . 
  wow . 
  do you mean they are not active in the market and just leech on the benefits ? 
  you 'd give beneficial immigration with countries you have free trade with and agreed to do so with them . 
  i do n't understand how you can find this racist just because the eu is made of countries that happen to be white ( there are no majority coloured countries in europe ) . 
  [ its very nice !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbduncf1eqc ), 
  no , it 's just that it 's confusing when you try to equate culture and cultural relations based on economic development , something that varies a lot . 
  how is ukraine not south asian and is china south american , is the middle east south american , are the balkans middle eastern ? 
  what does the gdp map have to do with this ? 
  is that the criteria ? 
  if ukraine is more african then does that mean moldova is sub-saharan african and by extension so is romania ? 
  executed for '' '' `` links '' '' '' to terrorists . 
  did she want to deepthroat that fish or what ? 
  kind of , yeah , trump is the biggest asshole world leader that we 've had recently that could n't be reasoned by blaming the country 's society or such . 
  the only sex ed i got was from learning diseases in biology , so one lucky day when i was 14-15 so i guess that was okay but it was pretty skimmed over and another preparing for the bacalaureat . 
  did trump win the popular vote , the one that the polls measure ? 
  the polls were showing around 5 points in the lead which is in the margin of error and people expected her to win because of these polls . 
  she still had 1 million more votes but those did n't matter because those states were already democrat . 
  those polls were correct , hillary did get the majority vote , just not in the right places . 
  does that mean it is n't sarcastic ? 
  but the used / s too . 
  [ here 's another that has no mention of america . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6rra0w/canal_parade_amsterdam/ ), 
  here 's one of yesterday 's top post https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6rra0w/canal_parade_amsterdam/, 
  it is for your own protection , they ca n't see you if you do n't move . 
  the comparison would work if they would boo the attacker . 
  the fact that he is gay is important for this story , that 's why it 's mentioned . 
  he believes it 's okay to ban people from entering a business because of a small minority , what 'd you think ? 
  i 've never seen it and when people straw-manned this argument they refer to either that one moment misinterpreted merkel 's speech or schengen . 
  3d print that shit, 
   the white man became such a pussy the past 50 years nature does n't have a use for them any more . 
  you should write a paper about this discovery , i believe you 'll become a billionaire in no time . 
  \\ ^ \u021b ^ \\ ^ \u021a ^ ' \u00c2 ' \\ ^ \u0218 ^ do n't stare at my nose pls, 
  we 've managed to build an entire ecosystem in these stadiums . 
   putin lul freedom . 
   will only turn people away from ~ ~ europe ~ ~ other brits , it 's a british tabloid . 
  sure / s, 
  i guess no since he has to make a decision in 20 days . 
  we 're supposed to be a semi-presidential since we followed france 's system but we gave more power to the pm rather than the president . 
  pis owns the government by themselves , the other countries would need a coalition to form a government . 
  yup , we can always break the law , but we do n't . 
   we can not stop rubber boats from africa i do n't think the narrative is that we do n't have the ability to do it , but we ca n't do it because of international law . 
  how is that relevant ? 
   get them to your house then . 
  i hate this meme , you 're making this needlessly personal , the closest they 'll ever get is the same street as you . 
  did n't we already do that ? 
  it seems you do n't know what being a refugee means . 
  you hear that reaction in every poland or hungary news thread . 
   he should instill the necessary social institutions in the country , to make capitalism work , to ensure high economic growth . 
  like he wants the best for russia , putin wants what 's best for him . 
  sharia court in uk mean the same as having a chat over a coffee . 
  venezuela is too far away . 
  op is a resident troll ... 
   but by people living there a soviet country outside of the region it 's supposed to be , created by a few bolsheviks to revolutionise the neighboring regions . 
  we 've been trying to do that for a while , we 've already taken over their lowest class . 
  the roman empire would say otherwise . 
  i like to think that romania was surprisingly pacifist . 
  but when poland was the most aggressive romania was n't even formed and unable to do anything . 
   i 'm glad a majority of german births will be of migrant background by 2030 .
