  what are you talking about ? 
  japan is the perfect example of a homogenous country !, 
   well , in reality he is neither hungarian nor american but jewish are hungarian and american ethnicities ? 
  ca n't he be all three ? 
  sometimes it 's really hard with this guy . 
  hahaha , a rich capitalist funding communist and anarchic groups , the heatstroke might 've affected them . 
  you can find them in articles with titles that contain buzzwords : refugees/immigrants , poland , hungary , orban , pis , brexit , russia , etc. 
  that would have worked better if macron was a woman . 
  i would 've liked to hear their opinion before they were annexed . 
  they 're making don quixote proud . 
  fuck ee 's self determination amirighte / s, 
  oh , then the siege of constantinople would have been easy peasy for the ottomans . 
  how can you try to look though when you 're leaning on the desk . 
  i do n't think tough is what he 's aiming for . 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  from what i remember , de gaulle was huge , so one normal sized man / s, 
  you mean roman now , right ? 
  if romania and france are democratic then so is the eu , you can draw a lot of parallels between them . 
  wrong subject . 
  we were at first against it because we were n't capable to house them all , we tried to get a smaller number , but we gave in nonetheless . 
  are kings and queens still the heads of state if they 're useless ? 
  federica mogherini is the president of foreign relations . 
  there 's no true neutrality in the context of a war between a country you 're dependant on and another one , th most you can hope for is to be ignored , if you 're in an enemy 's way you 'll get crushed no matter how neutral you acted towards them , like austria or romania . 
  so it is n't a way to prevent mass immigration . 
  france has a high birthrate and people keep saying it 's overrun by muslims . 
  they 're american , they must be better than the germans . 
  poland 's been a conspiracy for quite a while , there 's no way a country would change its shape so much . 
  but it would be economically wise to defend your economic partners which you depend on quite a lot . 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=clsq1h7avke ), 
  i was too, 
  a measurement of weight . 
  a british one at that . 
  are you really neutral if you 're part of the eu ? 
  whoa there guy . 
  sean spicer did say the reason trump said `` ban '' was because he used the words the media is using . 
  what is the false narrative ? 
  that the president and his people have a hard time cooperating ? 
  https://mobile.twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/871674214356484096 http://www.newsweek.com/sean-spicer-no-travel-ban-trump-insists-ban-tweets-620848 ( i 'm too lazy to find other sources ) it was n't about it being a muslim ban , but about it being a travel ban and the issue is about calling it a ban . 
  you said `` the us is n't an incoherent mess right now '' and i responded with the fact not even the president and his speaker can coordinate . 
  statement from sean spicer `` this is n't a muslim ban , do n't call it a muslim ban '' . 
  statement from the president right after `` this is a muslim ban , do n't call it anything else '' . 
  cousin !, 
  it 's nico !, 
   if you truly believe that european countries would allow their governments to do something so awful in this day and age you need to rethink some things . 
  they would need to first be in the echr , which may has said she wants to leave . 
   well offcourse they just get in the way ~ ~ then marching ~ ~ . 
  such efficiency . 
  [ those promiscuous ottomans . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/fd/64/5f/fd645f96c303f61ca73093ec8718acc3.jpg ) [ nsfw ], 
  i thought people were complaining corbyn was n't involved enough with him being the opposition leader and all . 
  maybe we should replace them with some better politicians . 
  making fun of politicians and big governments are mutually exclusive ? 
  our person ? 
  he thinks exercise is unhealthy because the human body is like a battery . 
  we 're europeans , your `` insult '' of libtard does n't mean what you think it means . 
   only read far left media sources like nyt or cnn \\  nyt or cnn \\  far left can someone really be this dumb ? 
  they seem pretty capitalist , right wing to me . 
  greenpeace ? 
  then he still is an idiot . 
  surprisingly , only by the far-right . 
  are you guys coordinating somewhere to keep saying the same thing or are you just parroting what others have said ? 
  oh ye bby fertilize my [ already extremely fertile black earth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chernozem ) . 
  notice a lot of comments were made after midnight ( for me ) , it must be the moment the americans woke up , welp . 
  i do n't understand a thing you said . 
  is n't china investing a lot in clean energy while trump is trying to reverse what obama has ever done ? 
   `` pity fuck '' - 71 millions who did n't have voting rights do n't you mean people that are too young to vote and not full citizens ? 
  do i need to call chris hansen ? 
  i have a huge hard-on for him because he 's the only person i trust in trump 's cabinet . 
  does n't france have another election when the president steps down ? 
  in the us you 're supposed to vote for both the president and vp in a package even though people mostly vote for the president with the exception of mccaine which lost a lot because he chose sarah palin as his vp . 
  i have no idea why the chain keeps going after the vice-pres . 
  if that triple kill would happen i would drown in a stream of my own jizz . 
  you might get disappointed . 
  even though spd is gaining , there still is a high chance merkel wins the election . 
  mattis might be the only person that gives me hope in trump 's office , i only hope trump listens to him on every issue since he has no idea what he 's doing . 
  exxon is for the paris agreement and he still leaves it , who is he listening to ? 
  i thought it just meant tree , while we use the same word for the apple tree and the fruit `` m\u0103r '' . 
  it would be so easy to change the name into ussr if they were socialist ( uniunea socialista salvati romania ) , but that still would n't mean anything to romanians ( or should n't ) because the soviet union is urss . 
   well maybe if the majority of her positions are left she is not a far right politician is she ? 
  economically she might be left , but socially and on international relations she 's far right . 
   hillary lost a rigged one that 'd be the democratic primary where the dnc proved they did n't care for democracy , not the actual election . 
   on 4chan there was some recent polls which showed that majority of 4chan are n't even white . 
  you do n't need to be white to be racist or even fascist . 
  let 's ignore that it might 've been just trolling , but there still is a minority of actual nazis memeing in there and trying to grow their ideology even more . 
  also , what 's with you trying to blurry the lines so much ? 
  in antifa there are communists , anarchists , basic left wing people and even liberals , beating so-called fascists does n't mean they are like them , they are not doing it to oppress the other , they are doing it to oppress the perceived oppressors . 
  their system is outdated to a time where they could n't communicate and gather the votes that well so they put in the electoral college , i have no idea why they still have it . 
  some of their arguments are `` what about the poor states ? '', 
  `` why should we give ny and other states so much power '' and other dumb shit that puts more value in the states rather than the people , mostly a republican value as we can see with their healthcare bill , they want more decentralisation . 
  le pen is forced to take left wing positions because she 's in france and that would destroy her populism . 
  i doubt that people actually wanted to vote for trump , they probably voted against hillary or mindlessly voted republican because of muh taxes . 
  also , shitposting hides actual racism , that one american nazi that got punched in the face wrote on twitter that shitposting is a great way of trying on their ideology without commiting . 
   well if the french cared about their national duty you would n't have needed the ~ ~ british ~ ~ us to get you out of that pickle with the germans . 
  twice . 
  less than half based on presence during the vote and actual number of votes . 
  also , the alt-right is pretty fascist , 4chan and the kkk happily endorsed trump . 
   never forgive the american electore for voting they voted for hillary . 
  it 's just that their system is weird . 
  a contemporary `` my struggle '' , written on twitter and the press . 
   wait , he still does that 's the answer to every question that 's just been asked .
