  good situation for hungary , not so nice for romania , guess they 'd have to take refuge in southern transylvania until the soviets start pushing from the south . 
  ukraine was destabilised by russia for trying to join an organisation that they saw as against them . 
   some daft cunt who did nothing her whole life dies   princess anne of bourbon-parma was born on 18 september 1923 in paris . 
  she is the daughter of prince ren\u00e9 of bourbon-parma and princess margaret of denmark . 
  princess anne was raised in france . 
    since 1939 , after the outbreak of war , she followed her family in spain and the united states , where she attended an art school in new york . 
  in parallel , to be able to earn a living , she worked as a saleswoman at macy 's department store . 
    in 1943 , princess anne was enlisted as a volunteer in the french army . 
  she was with her regiment in algeria , morocco , italy , luxembourg and germany until the end of hostilities . 
  she received the `` croix de guerre '' of france . 
  cool . 
   let me remind you that the king was also the king under the pro-nazi antonescu government . 
  but the king had no power , the country was under marshal law because of a coup by the pro-nazi antonescu against the king and made michael king at the age of 18 . 
   maybe some of us do n't consider that a good thing . 
  joining nato ? 
  it 's kind of important to help defend nearby countries , you do n't want to destabilise regions , peace brings prosperity . 
  of romania is the royal family 's name . 
  the royal family is from before ww2 . 
  but if monarchy were to be reinstated they would have precedent to the throne . 
  and do n't forget to add sobriety . 
  she is the queen , she was a princess from a royal family and she married someone royal . 
  the royal family is there even if they 're not considered the head of state . 
  so they 're bribes ? 
  if the royal family has influence over the government and takes money it is * illegal . 
  edit : we can be sure the royal family is corrupt . 
  if antonescu was a true patriot he would n't have kissed the nazi 's asses so much , he would n't have sent his troops so far into stalingrad , he would 've asked for more from his nazi ally ( we got destroyed because we were n't able to hold off against the soviet tanks that rolled in ) , he would n't have killed his own prime minister to show his respect to the nazi cause , he would n't have made the legionary party the only party in the parliament and so on . 
   romania would have stayed completely neutral throughout the war if the soviets and hungarians did n't start annexing parts of our country like it was fucking christmas . 
  [ nazi germany supported the hungarian and bulgarian `` annexations '' . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_vienna_award ) and you say antonescu was a true patriot , allying himself with them . 
   even if that was true , a lot more than 1000 people died or got deported after the soviets came in . 
  hindsight is a bitch . 
  i do n't think the communists would have stopped if he refused , they would 've continued untill they got the power . 
   that 's the part where he proved he was traitor to whom ? 
  he did n't have any obligation to the fascist government . 
   the part where he proved he was a coward was when he abdicated and fled . 
   the fact that these people are even considered `` values '' is bad enough . 
  i do n't think they consider the * people * values but their acheievments as * romanian achievement * , so they can say `` the romanians have a beautiful culture . '', 
  i for example never heard of the people you named ( i thought you meant paulescu , not paunescu , which even he has some controversies ) , but i did hear of their works . 
  i do n't really see how they are leeches . 
  radu duda has ** worked ** for the integration of romania in nato in 2002 and he got money to bribe the company because he was the representative at the time . 
  i do n't know if he used his influence to become the representative , but he worked for romania and tried to make the royal house more relevant . 
  i do n't know what influence the royal family has over romania . 
   he is a disgusting coward and traitor [ not really coward ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_michael%27s_coup )  worshipping scumbags ( adrian paunescu , silviu brucan , horia moculescu , just to give a few examples ) the only thing close to a cult of personality we have for those is for paulescu * ( i thought you were talking about the person who invented insulin , i did n't know any of them , i googled the other two ) , people only `` worship '' their achievements . 
  * edit : confused people ... 
  the historian gheorghe vlad nistor said he was blackmailed with the lives of 1000 students by the communists in 1947 . 
  not even ex since she became queen after the king went in exile , also how are they parasites ? 
  they are n't like the british royal family , they do n't get money from the state fwik . 
  i wonder what will they achieve after independence . 
   and a huge part of yours gets wasted by not existing . 
  military spending . 
  it is n't wasted because it does n't exist , it 's used on other matters . 
  that 's why you need silver weapons , if not they 'll just regenerate . 
  they should at least be more involved in the black sea rather than doing nothing because they do n't wan na anger russia or `` do n't want to mess the touristic beaches wth ships '' . 
  croatia and serbia on the danube . 
  we too ^ ( but we already switched ^ we 'll ^ find ^ out ^ later ^ where ^ we ^ are ), 
  it would be centralised . 
  nato is weaker than it seems because it 's slower , some countries have high tech equipment but not a big army while other countries are the opposite . 
   `` let 's make something we will rarely/never use '' hopefully . 
  i would n't like seeing the eu transform into russia . 
  [ maybe the black sea nato nations should join forces so things like these do n't happen . 
  ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/global-europe/news/bulgaria-refuses-to-join-nato-black-sea-fleet-against-russia/ ), 
   jumping on the western european ` shit on russia on every occasion ' look at finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland and romania and then look at germany and uk . 
  one where you have deals that can eploit a country and its people if there was n't freedom of movement . 
  when a company/factory can set up shop in a country and sell their produce in their own country then it 'd be fair for the people of the country that 's used to also benefit from those produce . 
  commonwealth people have more benefits than non-commonwealth , non-eu people , it 's only natural for this to happen when your country has deals like these . 
  the downvotes would be expected when you accuse people on ass licking anybody . 
  they only prove they believe you 're wrong . 
  so j ? 
  i thought they were greenlander , icelander , englander . 
  adjectives would be greenlandic and icelandic , but the english name comes from the language , the reason being they used this name since old english , we use this because we 're currently speaking english . 
  so catalonians would make sense like romanians and bulgarians , would n't it ? 
  the two have different precedents to not helping , you should know that trump said `` if they do n't spend their 2 % pledged '' right after the quote , while there 's no mention why that percentage of people would n't want to help . 
  just let me slide this envelope with 100 dollars so i can jump in line . 
  this kind of corruption is rampant from normal people to the government ( repaveing a whole road 's worth for one hole ) . 
  would the country be called catalan ( sounds like the adjective ) or catalonia ? 
  it seems you do n't know france . 
  and get some of that sweet , sweet euro-monies , where you do n't know where the 90 % of the alloted money went :d, 
  nicolae teslaru , he 's totally romanian because one of his gran 's ~ ~ vlach ~ ~ 100 % romanian . 
  oh man , trying to find international solutions for things that affect internationally , so scary . 
  i guess by internal they mean their own border instead of the external border which is irish . 
  it used to be greece , germany , hungary , uk , now turkey . 
  this is what happens when big events happen , people talk about it . 
  huh , i did n't know we turned authoritarian or unconstitutional . 
  edit : corruption does n't make you undemocratic , otherwise italy would be even more undemocratic . 
  definetly royalist . 
  but they became asylum seekers since their life might be put in danger with the posibility of torture or death sentence . 
  the person was running towards the military while shouting it . 
  most armies ' obligations is to protect the constitution , like in turkey , so if the leader begins doing something that is against the constitution , the army is supposed to defend the constitution . 
  trump would have the ability to do something unconstitutional . 
  since they already landed , i guess they ca n't deny their asylum because they seem to be hunted by the turkish government . 
  nato does n't deal with any internal matters . 
  to be honest , if an elected government goes and does n't respect the constitution , which would be protected by the army , then a military coup is justified, 
  did n't you see how the eu reacts to right wing governments getting power ? 
  the uk leaving and scotland joining would set a different precedent , if catalonia were to secede there 'd be no way for them to enter . . spain would be able to veto catalonian accesion in the eu , but ruk ca n't veto scottish accesion once it leaves . 
  edit : spain just refused to discuss scotland joining the eu , because the eu ca n't discuss with regional governments . 
  but it brings uncertainty to the workplace . 
  it 's expected to be booed when you put someone 's wellbeing at risk . 
  what is your fetish with bombing yourself ? 
  but , were they bought for slavery from romania ? 
  well , he did say `` who last took it '' and i guess moldova and wallachia would be turkish .
