it 's only seen that way in germany though because it was a disaster for germany ... 
  both wars were . 
  it 's no real different than how alot of people on the us feel about vietnam or how the british probably view the war of 1812 . 
  ww2 though , it 's seen as helping free the world of one of the single most vile regimes the world has ever seen . 
  winners vs losers mentality at its simplist . 
  state department employee here . 
   right , as far as i understand , both buildings in the capital city are , officially , the embassy , one of which covers acs/consular services . 
  pure consulates are everything outside the capital : frankfurt , munich , etc this is both true and false . 
  the embassy is what does the political issues , and generally do n't handle issuing visas/etc . 
  many large capitals however , have what we refer to as `` annexes '' . 
  we would say the berlin annex , the berlin embassy , the frankfurt consulate , munich consulate , etc. 
  the annexes serve a multitude of purposes , from being the visa issuing office in a city like berlin or london , to being a bomb shelter in a city like baghdad or kabul . 
  heck , there 's even annexes of consulates as well sometimes !, 
  land 's at a premium in a lot of these cities , and when your office needs to expand , you ca n't always just build out , so often times it 's easy to buy a separate plot of land for an annex of the main office . 
  sometimes , for smaller countries/nations , there 's no annex , and all visa and such are conducted at the embassy itself . 
  however , for larger nations , it 's quite common . 
  it reduces the number of visitors at the embassy itself , and allows the embassy to stay strictly towards a certain mission ( diplomatic matters ) . 
  well , for 1 , it happened in a non nato country , so i do n't understand what you want nato to do for a recovery operation ... also , ukrainian rebels are n't the same thing as russian military . 
  if they were , the us would be guilty of the crimes israel/saudi arabia/syrian rebels/etc commit . 
  with that said ... what do you want to happen ? 
  military action via nato against russia ? 
  because that 'll go well ... besides all the lives lost there and all the damage done , it would have the very real possibility of going thermonuclear . 
  russian military would be decimated by newer/better nato gear . 
  the 2 just do n't compare at all . 
  you think putin would simply allow the russian military to be defeated and he would surrender ? 
  hell no . 
  dude 's an old school cold war relic , who 'd probably rather see the world go down in flames , than he would surrender the motherland . 
  that 's on top of , it 's not proven who hit the plane . 
  we 're all pretty damn sure , but it 's not 100 % yet . 
  and apcs they stored in russia , then had to sneak across the border to get to , and then broke back through a ukrainian border check point to get back into crimea !, 
  ... but that 's why they 're protesting . 
  the nation as a whole agreed to join the eu . 
  putin blackmailed their economy , and the ukrainian president changed his mind and sided with putin . 
  us funding or not , their politics were already being influenced against their best interests and own decisions, 
  iirc , it 's not being built by multiple nations . 
  only the us is ** building ** it , but countries like the uk and canada agreed to put in money for the design phase , which allowed them to be able to have a say in the design and abilities and such . 
  lockheed martin is building it , and i believe they 're only within the us . 
  united kingdom , italy , the netherlands , canada , turkey , australia , norway and denmark all agreed to fund the development of it as well . 
  basically , the us is building it , and the other nations are throwing cash into the pool to help with costs , probably for a reduced purchasing price i 'd assume . 
  never said it was going to be better at any 1 role , just that multiple allied nations using the same fighter will allow a greater level of interoperability . 
  point in case , libya ... 
  there were f-18s , f-16s , f-15s , eurofighters , etc. 
  if all the nations involved in that had the same fighters , it would of allowed them to work a lot closer together on individual missions , vs each nation conducting missions completely on their own . 
  uk is buying an export version of the f-35 from the us . 
  the f-35 is called the `` joint strike fighter '' because it 's going to be sold to a variety of allied nations , allowing for a higher level of interoperability among the nations . 
  ah , completely missed the eu flag flair . . whoops . 
  well i 'm sure most eu countries have some sort of personally identifiable number/info , that if stolen , could cause extreme anguish , correct ? 
  give me that then / u/mrubios !, 
  ok . please give me your social security number then !, 
  thank you, 
  clearly , you do n't . 
  they 're not some `` politican 's stupid bag '' , as you so put it . 
  they 're generally used to send classified information from/to an embassy/main building for foreign policy . 
  i work at the state department , and a lot of ours are new encryption gear/encryption codes/passport and visa information with very sensitive information about the people applying for them . 
  so spain opening a diplomatic bag is actually kind of a big deal , as what if that bag had encryption codes or visa requests in it ? 
  less than 2000 ypg and pkk fighters armed with only small arms , against 10000 isis fighters with between 30-50 tanks ... 
  anyone would be losing that fight without air support . 
  what an ignorant comment ... 
  a lot of them are used as essentially cities for the people who work at them , because of security concerns . 
  the reason the compound in iraq is 104 acres and the size of vatican city is that we want our people safe , so we built a damn city behind the walls for them . 
  ehh , that 's a hard comparison to make , when the eurofighter is clean , it 's useless , while a clean f-35 still can have 3000lbs of ordnance . 
  that 's the problem a lot of people are having . 
  they do n't realize those specs are clean , meaning no weapons on the wings . 
  weapons on wings pretty much destroy ones aerodynamics and all that . 
  i 'd be interested in seeing a eurofighter with 3000lbs on the wing compared to a f-35 with 3000lbs internally, 
  f-16s already do cas more often than a-10s , with far less friendly fires too . 
  platform | percentage of cas in iraq | friendly fire deaths | : -- :| : -- :| : -- | f-16 | 33 | 0 a-10 | 18 | 10, 
  $ 500 an hour vs a-10s $ 17000 an hour . 
  yeah , a bit cheaper lol, 
  it 's lockheed martin 's site . 
  since all test pilots are being sent to them for testing ... 
  https://www.f35.com/resources/test-pilot-tuesdays test pilots overwhelmingly love it over legacy airframes . 
  it 's still a concern to have . 
  if one does n't , they 're not fully prepared and just being out right ignorant . 
  what ground support ? 
  s-400s missile capable of engaging stealth aircraft has a range of approximately 70 miles . 
  a gbu-53 has a range of over 65 miles . 
  that s-400 can maybe down the f-22 , depending on flight path and counter measures , but the s-400 is dead either way . 
  the point of being allies is protection and sharing of goods . 
  the reason why f-35s are built in italy and japan and available for us allies to buy . 
  * drones ordnance is next to nothing . 
  * they display in nrt ( near real time ) , not rt , making certain missions out right impossible . 
  * drones are slow , and extremely weak to ew . 
  * drones are expensive . 
  a reaver ( newest combat drone ) is estimated to cost some $ 25m + you prepare for who you could be fighting , not who you are . 
  you 're either on the cutting edge , or you 're on the bleeding edge . 
  russia is continuing aggression in east europe . 
  china in continuing aggression in the pacific . 
  dprk could collapse any week . 
  there 's a million reasons to stay on the cutting edge . 
  do you ? 
  f-22s at red flag alaska were able to target and theoretically destroy eurofighters from over 20 miles out , even if the eurofighter pilots did everything perfectly . 
  where are you manouvering ? 
  also , 35s have the same g threshold as f/a -18 s and f-16s . 
  carry more internal fuel too , meaning not as heavy reliance on the drop tanks , which are hell on manouverability . 
  a clean f-16 ? 
  sure , it 'll beat an f-35 in manouverability . 
  an f-16 with the same weight in fuel and same 3000lb + ordnance an f-35 carries internally ? 
  not a fucking chance . 
  which is why pierre sprey 's opinion is as worthwhile as an f-4 in combat these days,
