  blacks rioting in the streets regularly ? 
  really ? 
  where ? 
  baltimore ? 
  because i live literally 5 minutes from it , and there 's no rioting ... 
  there was 1 instance of rioting for 2 days over the past 10 years . 
  if that 's rampant rioting , god knows what you call the riots in northern ireland and scotland ... full scale insurgencies ? 
   look at mali you mean the french coin operation ** heavily ** reliant on usaf transport and tanker aircraft , because france 's air logistics capabilities are virtually non-existent ? 
  while france has handled mali operations largely on their own , they would n't even be there if it was n't for the us . 
  look at france 's logistics fleet . 
  c-130s , c-160s , a440ms , cn-235s ... none of which can even carry a mbt ... 
  it 's a dull infographic that ignores the pyd have sworn allegiance to ocalan and declared the gongra el to be their legislature . 
  you can say that makes them completely different , but let 's be honest . 
  that 's like quebec declaring obama as their president and us congress as their legislature ... 
  they said literally nothing of the sort ... 
   the laws subsystem currently only operates between 15-50 kw . 
  but let 's remember 10 years ago lasers were a fantasy , 10 years ago , lasers were being extensively tested ... what are you talking about ? 
  hell , thel was being tested back in 1996 for example . 
  laser weapons have been in testing since the 1980s , if we 're including miracl that went operational in 1980 ... 
  they literally just finished testing an airborne laser for abm , and it failed miserably . 
  the plane had to essentially be right next to the damn thing to even have a chance at taking it out . 
  even then , it overheated constantly , because heat is an issue with lasers no ones solved yet , which is why laws only operates that low . 
  anything higher and it overheats and fries itself . 
  us is n't even going to be fielding railguns within a decade , let alone lasers . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're way off on your timetables . 
  zumwalts are being developed with excess energy so that they * can * have laser weapons when that come comes , but right now , that 's a long way out . 
  even the usaf generals who asked for laser based ac-130s were shot down by their own scientists , who told them , and i quote `` the advanced tactical laser testbed has no operational utility in its current form '' , and that there 's a multitude of work required before it can even be considered for operational deployment in any meaningful manner . 
  why do you think the usaf quickly went silent about a laser ac-130 ? 
  even robert gates in 2011 stated :  `` the reality is that you would need a laser something like 20 to 30 times more powerful than the chemical laser in the plane right now to be able to get any distance from the launch site to fire ... so , right now the abl would have to orbit inside the borders of iran in order to be able to try and use its laser to shoot down that missile in the boost phase . 
  and if you were to operationalize this you would be looking at 10 to 20 747s , at a billion and a half dollars apiece , and $ 100 million a year to operate . 
  and there 's nobody in uniform that i know who believes that this is a workable concept . '', 
  nevermind the fact that lasers are los , so surface to surface lasers are literally pointless . 
  again , lasers are the future , and we need to continue laser testing , but it 's not developing anywhere near as fast as you seem to think . 
  it 's taken 40 + years to get where we are even now . 
  it 's going to take quite a bit longer before lasers have a sizable role in military applications , and even longer before they replace the bulk of missile-based applications . 
  lasers are no where near as capable as current systems . 
  they 're energy hogs , lack any sort of range , lack the effectiveness against larger targets , bad weather makes them pointless , etc. 
  the laser aboard the uss ponce for example , is honestly less capable can the ciws at this point in time . 
  it 'll be a while before it even takes over that role , let alone expanding into other roles . 
  lasers are unquestionably the future , but that future is n't now , nor is it within the next 10-20 years . 
  unless turkey is cool with continuing to use 1960s era mim-23 hawks for another 20 years , they need something . 
  same for poland with their 1960s s-125s . 
  they both need adequate air defenses now , not 30 years from now . 
  * cheaper * 8x the range * double the missiles ( of pac-2 ) also , it can intercept tbms , drones , cruise missiles , aircraft , and rockets with the same battery . 
  with the patriot , you 'd need a pac-3 and pac-2 battery just to have adequate performance against all those different targets . 
  honestly , meads is just the superior * general * air defense system . 
  pac-3 is still king of the land based abm mobile batteries , but that 's just not something most countries can afford to splurge on . 
  * 280,000 active ukrainian military forces * 700,000 ukrainian reserve forces 2.25 % of the population in the ukrainian military , armed with thousands of tanks , ifvs , self-propelled artilleries , mlrs , fighter jets , etc. . . 
  unless either literally the entire population of eastern ukraine is fighting against the government forces or the ukrainian military makes the iraqi military look competent , there 's something fucky going on . 
  not saying they should have instantly squashed any rebellion , but 2 years with only modest gains ? 
  yeah , there 's some fuckery going on with the rebels having their ranks filled by non ukrainians . 
  oh okay , so the us finally admitted to the genocide of native americans , and has n't had the generational long practice of relabeling it as `` we just relocated them elsewhere '' ? 
  huh , til i imaged what i was taught in school . 
  but hey , lets all make up ignorant and baseless facts to sound cool , right ? 
  i dunno , i 've had several friends who went to paris on separate occasions get spit on when they said they were from the us . 
  i said i was from toronto when i went there ( because of friends telling me that ) and never had a problem though . 
  paris definitely is n't dirty though , at least not for a city that size outside of japan . 
  paris feels like the cleanest city on earth going there from sicily . 
  and you typically do n't send an ssbn that close to something you do n't own . 
  they 're supposed to sit out at open sea , hidden from everything and everyone , so that no one knows they exist to strike them first . 
  an attack sub ? 
  sure , park it off another nation 's coast . 
  your deterrent against a first strike though ? 
  not a smart move ... 
  it 's actually 12 % , but [ here ya go ] ( http://www.usgovernmentspending.com/united_states_total_spending_pie_chart ), 
  sweden puts a far larger emphasis on its navy and air force , which is what finland lacks . 
  equates to less people , but a higher budget, 
  got the one system on the ponce currently !, 
  it 's just still a new and developing tech, 
  this is a build off from it . 
  it 's a study into using what they 've learned thus far from it and the uks taranis program , to see what would be needed for a 2030 replacement of the rafale and eurofighter . 
  neuron and taranis will likely still be created , but they 'll be stepping stones , and a bridge between europe 's 4th gen fighters , and their hopefully 6th gen fighters, 
  the main thing about nuclear surface vessels ( besides france 's carrier that 's hard locked to a certain top speed ) is that their power output is essentially unlimited . 
  you can generate enough power to overburden your damn screws if you wanted to . 
  us carriers are the fastest surface vessels in the us navy because of it . 
  was n't uncommon when the shitty kitty was still around to see it race , and get absolutely dusted by , nuclear carriers . 
  so if shit hits the fan , your carrier can max out the blades and just gun it out of there . 
  big e for example , had a declassified run at 45 knots , or 85kmph . 
  they can supposedly do 50 + , or 93 + kmph . 
  that 's fucking insanely fast for a surface vessel . 
  plus if you 're going catobar , you have unlimited energy for the cats . 
  also energy weapons . 
  20 % of the * federal * budget . 
  around 11 % of the federal , state , and local budgets, 
  it 's the same for lithuania , where they claimed everyone hated nato/us because of some comments on a news article lol http://www.leta.lv/eng/defence_matters_eng/defence_matters_eng/news/b59a623a-c1d9-49f3-bb5d-4fd3e533c530/ 82 % support nato, 
  because 82 % of the population wants to be in nato , with only 9 % wanting to leave nato , and 9 % unsure . 
  they deleted their comment now ( lol ) , but they 're either that 9 % , or they seriously thought comments on a news article were legit evidence of how lithuanians view nato/us . 
  because if comments were correct , obama 's name would be obummer , us and russia would have nuked each other , china would have somehow bankrupted the us , germany would have annexed greece , erdogan would have removed his face to reveal he 's actually osama bin laden , etc. 
  most seem to be realistic , but i * have * encountered some fanatics here who seriously seem to believe germany has the greatest fighting force in europe, 
  myself , and everyone i worked with in the military love bernie , because he 's the only one who gave a fuck about the va before people were making the headlines when they offed themselves in parking lots . 
  i think it honestly just boils down to what people were in the military . 
  if you were/are a grunt , you may feel like bernie 's policies would see your billet removed and you kicked out of the military . 
  if you were a pog , you may feel like your job 's needed even if there 's a force reduction , so any potential reduction wo n't have much of an impact on you . 
  not sure what old guys they 're referring to , as literally every single salty fuck i knew loved the clinton era ... 
  liquid lunches , short as fuck work days , hardly any extra duties ... 
  i do n't know a soul who was in during clinton that hated it, 
  ease off the propaganda man ... everyone non pyd has been complaining for 6 + months regarding pyd warcrimes ... https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2015/10/syria-us-allys-razing-of-villages-amounts-to-war-crimes/  the images show 225 buildings standing in june 2014 but only 14 remaining in june 2015 -- a shocking reduction of 93.8 % . 
   in february 2015 , the autonomous administration 's military wing , the ypg ( the people 's protection units ) , took control of the area , which had been under is control , and began demolitions , displacing villagers . 
  researchers visiting husseiniya saw ruins of destroyed homes and interviewed eyewitnesses . 
   `` they pulled us out of our homes and began burning the home ... they brought the bulldozers ...
