  it 's irst is the best of any active aircraft in the world . 
  however , its intergration into the combat systems is extremely pisspoor , to where it 's outperformed by the rafale 's irst system . 
  eurofighter 's radar is better , but the rafale 's aesa radar is already aproved and already showing up in some fighters , while the eurofighter 's aesa radar is still essentially r&d at this point , and the rafale 's aesa radar destroys the eurofighter 's pesa radar . 
  as is , the eurofighter is the * slightly * better interceptor , and the rafale is handidly better in every other role . 
  if the eurofighter consortium got their shit together and paid to fix the issues with the eurofighter , it would handidly be the better interceptor , and only lose to the rafale in tacticle bombing/cas . 
  as is though , no one wants to spend the millions upon millions to fix the issues with the irst integration , or fund the aesa replacement program , so the eurofighter is effectively crippled in those regards . 
  but , that 's what happens when it 's 1 country calling the shots on development vs 3 main countries each wanting things done their own way . 
  same reason eurofighter costs rose by over 75 % , because everyone needed to have some production right/say in the development , even in the late stages . 
  there 's no obstacles for european firms outside of their own designs . 
  airbus won the us army scout helicopter contract by a mile . 
  why ? 
  because it actually met design specifications the us needed and wanted . 
  airbus lost the kc-x contract , because they offered nearly the exact same capabilities as the kc-46 , for 25 % more upfront cost , and 12 % higher operating costs . 
  it 's not an obstacle because they 're european companies , it 's an obstacle because their designs are not appropriate for the us . 
  as does airbus ( cn-235 , uh-72 , etc ) , leonardo-finmeccanica ( c-27 ) , casa ( c-212 ) , etc. 
  nevermind the us navy 's new anti-ship missile is coming out of norway , the nsm/jsm . 
  the problem is that * most * european military defense designs are for a multiuse platform , as european militaries prefer to have 1 platform for all of this 1 platform for all of that , where the us prefers tiered layers of platforms for specific purposes . 
  a400ms are a prime example . 
  its a good design aircraft ( though they 're always broken or grounded for 1 reason or another ) but they 're an aircraft that has no market in the us . 
  it 's bigger and can carry more than an c-130j , but smaller than the c-17 and ca n't carry tanks like it , so what role would the a400m serve for the us ? 
  nothing , which is why they 'll never consider it . 
  european defense contractors can bid on us contracts . 
  they do all the time . 
  they can win them , as seen by airbus winning the us army 's scout helicopter contract for nearly 400 helicopters . 
  they just generally do n't build equipment that meets us requirements . 
  that 's their fault though , not some conspiracy against european defense industries . 
  a few to the coast guard , along with roughly 400 helicopters to the army . 
  can you edit your post , now that i 've thoroughly disproved your figures and seemingly made up numbers ? 
  you do n't understand military sales , and are comparing flyaway costs to fms costs . 
  it 's like comparing a honda civic to a toyota corolla with a lifetime bumper to bumper warantee , 5 sets of tires , and enough oil for 25 oil changes , and saying the civic is the cheapest one . 
  it 's not when you compare the civic with those same extras , and it 's being either woefully ignorant , or just plain decietful , of what an fms includes . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/543v9q/india_signs_deal_to_buy_36_frenchmade_rafale/d7yuufh you need to comprehend what you 're talking about , before you start throwing information out there , and call others liars ... 
  no , it 's not , and now you 're deliberately lying or choosing to be ignorant , so just stop . 
  a rafale c 's * flyaway * is $ 80m usd . 
  its fms is $ 250m usd . 
  an f-35a 's * flyaway * is $ 98m usd . 
  its fms is $ 198m usd . 
  since you do n't seem to understand what the difference is , i 'll help explain it . 
  * flyaway cost : the cost of the airframe , engines , and electronics . 
  everything you need to make it * fly away * . 
  * fms cost : stands for foreign military sales . 
  it includes the flyaway cost , spare parts , training for the pilots and mechanics , depot level maintenance contracts , any extras the aircraft requires to operate ( targeting pod/drop tanks/etc ) , offsets , and usually some level of weapons loadout . 
  india is paying $ 250m usd per rafale for their fms cost . 
  you can cut whatever you want out , $ 250m usd per is their fms cost . 
  $ 80m usd is absolutely not their fms . 
  you are 100 % comparing a flyaway cost , to an fms . 
  stop . 
  it 's either woeful ignorance , or blatant lying , so stop . 
  the rafale 's flyaway cost is lower , but its fms is higher . 
  why ? 
  because the f-35 's extras are included in the base cost ( eots/etc ) instead of the fms , and the rafale 's parts are no where near as easy to come across as an f-35 's parts are , with plants all across the globe producing them now , and an expected 3000-4000 of them in the air over the next 2 decades , vs not even 500 rafales in the air . 
  go figure that parts for a smaller production item are harder to come by , and thus more expensive ... 
  if you ca n't comprehend that the maintenance contracts you wave off for the rafale are also part of the f-35 's fms that you refuse to wave off , that 's on you . 
  but that does n't change facts . 
  most stealth aircraft have a similiar loadout to their non stealthy counterparts though , which the exception being the f-117 . 
  oh , you mean carpet bombing ... well yeah , but that 's been mostly phased out for precision strikes anyways . 
  well , at least among western militaries it has been . 
  dropping 5 500lb bombs from a jet to take out a target is simply ineffective when a single 500lb bomb properly placed could have done the job just as well , with 4 more 500lb bombs left over for other strikes . 
  stealth definitely has its problems , but daytime attacking is n't one of them ? 
  radar coverage is radar coverage , day or night . 
  if i ca n't see you 50nmi out at night , i ca n't see you 50nmi out at day . 
  the internal payload bit is questionable at best . 
  f-35 's for example carry 5000lbs internally . 
  2 2000lb bombs in there , along with 4 more on the wings . 
  good luck finding another multirole carrying 6 2000lb bombs haha definitely harder to work on , and more expensive to operate though , that 's true . 
  ef can theoretically fly faster and higher , but because it has virtually zero internal fuel , it 's always crippled by requiring drop tanks , where as the rafale 's internal fuel load is actually fairly impressive . 
  as such , the eurofighter 's top speeds and altitudes are more or less showfloor figures that do n't actually apply in real world applications . 
  rafale does have a bvr missile though , the meteor . 
  it 's just france does n't really have any yet to use off their rafales , but they 're already coded for it . 
  that 's a capability lacking for france itself , not the rafale . 
  yes it is . 
  you 're either ignorant , or just purposefully lying . 
  you 're comparing the rafales flyaway , to the f-35s fms . 
  why ? 
  that $ 180m for the f-35 includes it 's offsets , maintenance contracts , etc. 
  so why did you exclude it for the rafale , but include it for the f-35 ... 
  * 2000lbs more of weapons is huge * a more powerful and competent radar is huge * an aesa already designed and tested and waiting to be installed over an aesa that 's still in r&d is huge * $ 50m fms cheaper is huge * a combat system that actually uses the irst data unlike the eurofighter is huge it 's unquestionable that the rafale is the far better multirole aircraft , and currently the better air superiority aircraft . 
  if the eurofighter consortium got their shit together and fixed their aircraft , it would be the better air superiority fighter , but everyone 's so burnt on it and broke because of it , that no one does . 
  how long has the captor-e been in r&d now ? 
  10 years ? 
  a few more years and that 'll be a full aircraft development window for just a radar ... eurofighter * should * have been the better aircraft . 
  the reality is , it 's not . 
  radars ca n't render stealth `` useless '' ... it does n't work that way . 
  low observability makes you harder to find . 
  that never stops . 
  even against anti-stealth radars , a stealth aircraft has to be closer to see than any non stealth aircraft . 
  if i can see the f-35 from 200nmi out , i can see the rafale from 400nmi out . 
  stealth does n't somehow magically just turn off . 
  it 's always going to be important and its always going to have an advantage over non stealth aircraft . 
  that does n't change , no matter how far into the future we go . 
  rafale 's fms is $ 250m , while the f-35a 's fms is $ 198m . 
  it 's cheaper by a good margin . 
  why ? 
  f-35 requires no extras , while the rafale requires tons of extras ( targeting pods/drop tanks/etc ) , as well as the scale of economy for the f-35 means spare parts are easier to get and thus cheaper . 
  [ australia paid $ 11.5 b usd \\ ( including $ 1.5 b usd of base redevelopments not just for the f-35 \\ ) for 58 f-35as for a price of $ 198m usd each . 
  ] ( http://archive.defensenews.com/article/20140423/defreg03/304230023/australia-purchases-58-more-f-35s ) here 's proof of it . 
  here 's more but older proof . 
  [ israel paid $ 2.82 billion usd for 14 f-35as , for a price of $ 201 million usd each . 
  ] ( https://www.flightglobal.com/news/articles/israel-signs-for-next-batch-of-f-35-39adir39-fighters-409327/ ), 
  there were hundreds of air battles in desert storm , and not a single 1 handled with a cannon , do you even know what you 're talking about ?
