yeah and someone was sayin they 'd report me for it , i reported the guy myself, 
  well matt keay came on reddit and accused me of stealing his picture , i got a bit annoyed, 
  do n't think it was posted in june , it was posted first in july 6th as far as i can tell , a guy called ranccidcabbage reposted it on r/pics first ( on reddit ) , but in the comments of yesterday 's repost , someone pointed out a guy called matt keay put it on twitter before that ( and now claims its his ) , but there 's an imgur post that predates that where the caption is on the picture ( like a meme ), 
  no , he copied it from someone else . 
  here is an older first post https://imgur.com/gallery/r5cvih9, 
  you ` stole ' it yourself , here is an earlier imgur post https://imgur.com/gallery/r5cvih9, 
  none, 
  yeah so go, 
  there is a clash , well we 'll have to agree to disagree then, 
  there is a clash , the rules collide with each other , it ca n't be done . 
  you ca n't have restricted borders ( uk ) and unrestricted borders ( eu ) in ni at the same time , its impossible, 
  read the paragraph again , there are 3 laws that we are discussing , eu law uk law and cta . 
  only 2 out of the 3 can be chosen , the 3rd will clash with one of the other 2 . 
  its like making apples illegal , but then making them legal . 
  the laws clash , it goes against the fundamental idea of a law, 
  european law requires europeans have unhindered access to roi , uk law will soon prohibit european unhindered access to ni , so unhindered access between these two places , will break uk law, 
  no that is n't wrong , you have n't shown that yet, 
  my argument is that if no deals are struck , by default , with regard to international laws , regulations and ways of doing things , there will be a hard border roi ni, 
   the uk in this case being the uk government . 
  the uk government again is very divided , with many many voices . 
  if your saying on the day of the article david davis says he believes he * intends * to try to not go to hard border with brexit then that would be correct , but somewhat irrelevant . 
  brexit wo n't happen for 2 years david davis has only had the position for a few months . 
  odds are he wo n't even be in charge at that time, 
  there is n't a one voice for the uk , that statement does n't mean anything . 
  besides , what is wanted and what is achieved is rarely the same in life, 
  you brought it up to do with the link `` the uk government intends not to have a hard border , '' but as i have explained that means quite little because its a trans-international issue, 
  no , the government just tries to satisfy public opinion , does n't really have aims other than to stay in office, 
  the uk government serve the people , what they want actually is n't that important , since they 'll lose office if they do n't serve the people . 
  same goes for the irish government, 
  by default , in 2 years there will be a hard border , unless an agreement is reached, 
   the uk government will not put a border in place , ** they will be making sure that they have the relevant agreements in place with ireland ** ( as per the political agreement point in the video ) and no doubt will look to see what else can be negotiated . 
  so you 've said it yourself , deals will make possible checkpointless border , but by default there will be a border, 
  the uk government is saying it plans to stop a hard border , which will be by striking a deal . 
  which is exactly in line with what i already said, 
  how else does one manage international trade ? 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-38650350  exiting the european customs union creates a `` hard border on the island of ireland '' , sinn f\u00e9in has said . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-politics-38829372  prime minister theresa may 's talk of a frictionless irish border after brexit is `` nice words '' , according to a customs expert . 
  michael lux , the former head of the european commission 's customs procedures , has been giving evidence to the northern ireland affairs committee . 
  he told mps : ** `` if northern ireland is not part of the eu customs territory then there is a customs border . 
  https://www.rte.ie/news/2017/0315/859990-brexit-border-republic/  tour operators , hoteliers , business leaders and members of the agriculture industry are among those concerned about the implications if no special deal is struck between the uk and ireland . 
  if no deal is struck there will be a hard border, 
  i watched the video yes . 
  did n't you see his face ? 
  he 's saying negotiating a soft border is top priority . 
  but he knows the uk wants to close border and the eu open them so he 's stuck in the middle, 
   as far as i can tell , free movement between ireland and the eu would continue , so an eu national would have every right to work in ireland and so on did you watch the video ? 
  listen to enda kenny . 
  unless a deal is negotiated there will be a hard border . 
  ireland can keep a common travel agreement by leaving the eu . 
  but it ca n't have both the cta and the eu membership, 
  the common travel agreement ca n't work if ireland has freedom of movement with eu and the uk does n't . 
  it only works if both have it or neither have it . 
  this is n't law , its logic . 
  my point is the republic of ireland has no right to a soft border , there is a soft border is a privilege , which can be taken away at any time , for no reason, 
  the world does n't have a right to enter the uk , its a privilege , which can be withdrawn anytime , without reason by the residents, 
  the united kingdom ran the border that way before it joined the eu . 
  but as i keep saying , i 'm making the assumption no deals will be struck , but they probably will . 
  i 'm just saying as it stands , there will be a hard border between roi and ni . 
  and that is why enda is worried , the ball is now in his court, 
   it 'll mean the uk will have whatever system it decides to set up . . there are international laws , the default , most used system , is that of the us . 
  all of asia ( and i 've been there ) , africa ( as far as i know ) , south america , russia etc all use the system that i described in the above comment . 
  without making agreements , as i said , this will be the system that is in place . 
  and that is the common system that exists in the world today . 
  the uk currently has freedom of movement , the us does n't . 
  at this point , as there has no deals yet struck , as it stands the uk will have the us system after the 2 years of article 50 are up . 
  and anyone entering any part of the us can be denied from entering , at the border agents discretion , for no reason . 
  as it stands now , if there are no deals struck , roi nationals wishing to visit the north will have to bring their passports and will be able to be stopped from entering at the discretion of the border agent , and without reason . 
   yes ... 
  same as for anyone on the registered traveller programme or entering under visa waiver rules . . you have access with conditions applied and you can be refused entry under certain conditions . . 
  if your talking about the us then the answer is no , i 've known people who have been denied entry for almost no reason at all . 
  not breaking the law in anyway . 
  just judged ` risky ' by the border agents . 
  if you get denied there is nothing you can do . 
  if germans were denied entry to the uk ( they believed they had n't broken the law in any way ) they could take it to the european courts , and win , and be allowed entry ( and receive compensation or whatever ), 
  if you are stopped at the border the onus is on the officials to say you ca n't enter , by default you can enter , this is the essence of a right . 
  obviously i have a right to walk down my road outside my house , but obviously if i start carrying around illegal drugs or other substances harmful to society , society can restrict that right ( by locking me up until trial , then after trial lock me up more if judge rules ) . 
  if the population of berlin decided to travel over to scotland , without carrying drugs or firearms or whatever , they would n't be allowed to be stopped . 
  because as the uk and germany are both members of the european union , one 's lot of citizens have freedom of movement within the other 's place . 
  they would n't . . yes they would . 
  eu nationals have freedom of movement within the uk at this moment, 
   yes ... 
  although they could and many would be stopped at immigration on their way into the uk if the uk immigration officials stopped them or did n't let them enter they would be breaking european law . 
  to the letter of the law today , a very large number of people could enter the uk with intent to stay and the authorities would n't ( by the letter of the law ) be able to do anything . 
  under current law the entire city population of berlin could move over to scotland . 
  the police could n't * legally * stop them . 
  this is the law to the letter at the moment and this is what the public voted to leave . 
   again , no , freedom of movement is the right to work , you do n't have an absolute right to be in the uk freedom of movement is exactly what it sounds like , the freedom to move within the european union . 
  i have the freedom of movement to walk to my local shop . 
  i could be stopped by the police and asked ( obliged in certain circumstances ) for a search . 
  i could be arrested and taken somewhere else . 
  but for each of these things a reason is required . 
  if i do not have freedom of movement within the uk the police could just handcuff me and take me away , as the immigration service sometimes does, 
  yeah , at the moment , there is freedom of movement , freedom to live and freedom to work in other eu countries . 
  brexit i believe will scrap all three . 
  freedom of movement is the right to go to other european countries , unless there is a strong reason that you should be stopped . 
  not having freedom of movement , is saying people can be stopped for no reason at all . 
  they do n't have any right to be in this place . 
  as it would be if i wanted to travel to china or the usa or australia . 
  ireland will be * legally * obliged to provide freedom of movement/work/live to european citizens still . 
  however britain will not .
