you 're an actual idiot . 
  there is nothing to be debated with people who think you 're inherently inferior because of your skin colour or religion . 
  this is why you liberals are jokes . 
  that 's absolute and utter bullshit . 
  free societies must be able to defend themselves from poisonous ideologies . 
  we are under no obligation to tolerate people like neo-nazis and islamists , they are the scum of the world and have to be squashed wherever they rear their ugly heads . 
  hmmm naaah , truly free societies do n't tolerate intolerance . 
  you do n't have the right to be a fuckhead . 
  gay jewish gulenist bankers most likely, 
  this does n't change the fact that the pkk did n't uphold their end of the bargain and deservedly got clapped for it . 
  it 's a fact that the pkk laid explosives underneath roads and stockpiled weapons during the peace process . 
  it 's also a fact that erdogan will use anything and everything for personal and political gain , this is hardly news to anybody . 
  the average turk is n't ultranationalist , get your head out of your ass . 
   that 's not exactly a dictator . 
  macron was a shitton of power right now , but that does n't make him a dictator . 
  i 'll defer to you in the specifics , since you probably know more turkish history than i do , but what you 're saying is not dictatorial . 
  not until he starts suppressing the opposition and jailing rivals for power . 
  dictator is n't a pejorative term . 
  it is used to refer to someone that holds dictatorial power , which ataturk did . 
  newsflash : ataturk also suppressed opposition , jailed rivals for power , he also executed them ( see the execution of the ulema ) . 
   so , again , you have a standard that is impossible to reach . 
  a secular dictator will never be able to suppress rightwing religious parties if the support is there , at least nor forever . 
  you 're talking about atat\u00fcrk teaching me a lesson ? 
  atat\u00fcrk proves me right , because the current president of the republic is erdogan . 
  a president in the system he created . 
  the fact that the military had to intervene time and time again proves me right . 
  you can not crush religious fanaticism out of the populace . 
  the only solution you propose is eternal dictatorship for all muslim-majority countries , because every single muslim-majority country is going to go through islamism when given the chance . 
  they have to get it out of their system first , like europe did . 
  religious fanaticism was being crushed out of the populace . 
  think about it for a second , turkey went from being a literal fucking caliphate where everyone was the sultan 's property to a place that 's equally divided between secular people and religious people in the space of 100 years . 
  this does n't happen through the sunshine and rainbows democracy that you 're advocating . 
  it happens through effective policy aimed at the profound social transformation of a backward , religious people to secular citizenry . 
  what i 'm essentially saying that ataturk 's period of tutelage was cut short by his death in 1938 , the spirit of his revolution was abandoned for one reason or another , and democracy was adopted too early which allowed for islamists to creep into politics whereas they were firmly , and rightly , excluded from it . 
   except , you know , atat\u00fcrk was n't a dictator , so i 'm not entirely sure what point you 're trying to make . 
  you 're actually wrong . 
  he was a dictator , he held all meaningful power in turkey until the day he died . 
  sure , there was an elected parliament , but it was a one-party system and he held immense power . 
  he was not like other dictators though , he genuinely wanted a multi-party system , he tried it a couple of times and when he saw that it would n't work precisely for the reasons that i 've been banging on about for the last hour now , he scrapped it . 
  i absolutely love the man for all he did ( i 'm turkish-australian ) but it would not have been possible without dictatorial powers in the right hands . 
  turkey needed atat\u00fcrk to live longer or at the very least continue in the same way after his death so that the majority of the people could be brought on board with his reforms . 
   explain to me how , in the middle east , you get to a democracy from a dictatorship without an rightwing religious party ever winning an election . 
  you get it when there are no more right wing religious nutjobs in existence in the country . 
  atat\u00fcrk could teach you a thing or two about how that is exactly accomplished . 
  the reason that half of turkey is secular is due solely to mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk getting in his secular reforms with an iron fist . 
  democracy came too early to turkey in the 1950s , the people were n't culturally ready for it . 
  the answer is straightforward : you give no quarter to islamists and squash them wherever you find them . 
  yes . 
  until the majority of the people secularise and internalise enlightenment values , that is exactly what it should have done . 
  democracy does not work in largely muslim countries with little to no democratic tradition . 
  islamists will suspend democracy using democracy at the first opportunity . 
  what we could n't take with the sword we will take with greasy d\u00f6ner . 
  fatten europe up real nice so they ca n't run away !, 
  he actually was though , although for personal political gain and not for the genuine purpose of protecting civil rights . 
  he did a 180 as soon as the hdp and the pkk did n't uphold their end of the bargain . 
  nicknames were common as well . 
  not really true to be honest . 
  as an ` outsider ' my observations were that europeans have a much more nuanced understanding of the world than americans - or at least they try . 
  they 're much less reactionary . 
  it 's part of the reason why i 'm applying for an eu passport as i feel that australia is going the way of the states . 
  source : been to most european ( not just eu ) countries , lived in sweden for 8 months , i routinely interact with foreigners that come to australia as part of my role at my university . 
  russia does n't have the capability to fully occupy ukraine now that ukraine has firmly positioned itself in the western sphere of influence . 
  taking russian majority regions is one thing , annexing an entire country of people who now absolutely detest you is a totally different ballgame and would actually destabilise russia . 
   i do n't know if you 've been paying attention to turkey lol i 'm turkish myself and trust me , your analysis of the country is one-dimensional . 
  the percentage of atheists in the population is at an all-time high now , there 's a backlash against his rule and islamism in general . 
  his islamist campaigning is having the opposite effect . 
  people assume that formerly secular people in turkey suddenly became islamists , not true , it 's merely the religiosity of the formerly ` islam lite ' population that has increased . 
  in the grand scheme of things the muslim population is actually decreasing . 
  erdogan 's days are numbered , but things first have to get worse before they get better . 
  exactly , you took the words right out of my mouth lol . 
  it 's no secret that , on average , americans are more insular and have less knowledge about the world and other cultures than say europeans or aussies . 
  personally , i 've travelled to 40 different countries , interacted countless times with americans from all walks of life and can say that the stereotype is true by a wide margin . 
  yeah , the political elite sure did know what they were doing . 
  i just do n't think they foresaw that this idiot could dare go back on the promises that he gave to his king-makers before he got elected . 
  quite frankly americans are frequently guilty of stupidly alarmist and simplistic `` analysis '' of world events . 
  while you guys are a military giant , you are minnows in terms of world political knowledge . 
  it 's one of the reasons we have isis today . 
  statements like turkey becoming another iran or russia annexing ukraine reflect a very one-dimensional worldview which pays little regard to the nuances of the internal politics of these countries as well as realities on the ground . 
  the eu is at least partly responsible for turkey 's present situation as well . 
  they were erdogan 's biggest cheerleaders when he and gulen were purging the military with the ergenekon show trials . 
  well-meaning , yet na\u00efve , liberal democrats can cause a lot of harm sometimes . 
  yeah it 's amazing how black and white they see the world . 
  your government does not recognises them as turks and refers to them as greek muslims . 
  i think talking to a person who continues to whitewash the genocide that their own nation committed with their balkan buddies against another by arguing that people just reconverted en masse and who has such a skewed perspective on history , is a lost cause and beyond talking to . 
   you do know greek , turks , christian and islam have nothing to do with race right ? 
  none of those are races . 
  you do n't seem to know what a lot of words mean lol . 
  the historical consensus proves what i am saying as there are documents and words in both greek and slavic languages of people becoming muslim so that they would not be persecuted . 
  pagans had the same thing under christianity and yet you think people would only join islam because islam is the best ? 
  why ? 
  no one would fake convert ? 
  they were christian for over a thousand years so why would they become muslim right ? 
  and why would people want to be turks if they did n't have to ? 
  there are documents historical ones that is that prove turkification and being a fake turk just as there are some scientific studies that prove turks are far more closely related to europeans like france , italy , greece and the balkans than to the middle east and central asian people . 
  you can ignore science and history all you want but facts are facts , sorry if it makes you mad or sad but the truth needs to be spoken when someone denies facts . 
  if it was wrong people would n't have written it down like your own ottoman government trying to root out who really was muslim . 
  you actually lack basic reading comprehension . 
  your whole argument of what constitutes a ` real greek ' or a ` real turk ' rests on a genetic conception of ethnic identity and is often used as a justification for greek crimes against humanity committed against turkish populations in the land you guys conquered from 1821 onwards . 
  your argument is conveniently ignorant of the fact that ethnicity is a social construct , the fact of the matter is that if we all go back far enough and we 're all romans and so on . 
  no one in this world is a ` real ' anything , our identities are all imagined .
