i like potato cartoon . 
  is well written and also is about potato . 
  they are making this assumption in april . 
  what i 'm saying is , come july , the numbers will have changed . 
  funny thing is , that migrationsverket ( swedens migration board ) are preparing for half the refugees that they first expected this year . 
  now they say around 60k will come ( was 140k , where 27k would be `` unaccompanied minors '' ) . 
  apparently we 're having winter all year this year . 
  and this so they later on can say '' - we could never have accounted for this . 
  who knew people preferred summer weather for travelling !? 
  more money plz . '', 
  they did the same last year , and i know it will happen again . 
  who would n't want to `` flee '' while you still can ? 
  i 'm guessing the refugees are the minority travelling now . 
  i 'd rather keep the jews . 
  shit like this is terrible . 
  what 's next ? 
  women ca n't go out on the international women 's day , because women beatings has gone up 200 % by next year ? 
  underage is a very controversive subject . 
  a 15 year old ~ ~ refugee ~ ~ immigrant boy raped another 15 year old boy here recently . 
  just turned out the rapist was 45 years old . 
  `` 15 '' my ass . 
  you say you 're 15 , who 's going to question you ? 
  that 's racist , discriminating etc. 
  i fucking loathe our government . 
  [ australia * ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jan/18/australias-refugee-policies-a-global-inspiration-for-all-the-wrong-reasons ), 
   he argued that being kept in solitary confinement was worse than the death penalty , and that his conditions breached the european convention on human rights . 
  so what ? 
  he 's fucking got three cells to himself . 
  '' - guys , remember when i killed all those people ? 
  well , turns out i 'm a bit uncomfortable now . 
  fix it . '', 
  fika-paus in the sky , fika-paus in your eye . 
  fika-paus makes you cry , fika-paus makes you ... die ? 
  someone is upset about the borkening . 
  during 2016-2019 , the government has budgeted for over 300 billion crowns on migration and integration . 
  that 's more than what the health - and social care will cost during those years . 
  priorities . 
  yup . 
  soccer fans got much more aggressive in 2015 . 
  i ca n't think of any other explanation . 
  other than the fact this is the situation in sweden aswell , which has increased drastically the last two years . 
  people are forced to leave their jobs , because of angry soccer fans . 
  public servants , such as police and ambulance , are pelted with rocks and insulted , and social servants are abused and beaten . 
  all thanks to soccer . 
  yes , but only the surface of the butter , which just slides off the when you turn the lid sideways . 
  not common , but used here in sweden . 
  you fill the lid with butter , and pour water in the vessel . 
  there are [ better ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aj1nbml.jpg ) ways of travelling by bike . 
  when words are not enough . 
   although believing that there had been co-ordinated attempts to change the character of schools , he said the investigations had found no evidence of extremism or that any young person had been radicalised . 
  '' - hey , mike !, 
  i 'm a terrorist now ! '', 
  how would they know ? 
  just ask them ? 
  surely they would tell the truth . 
  it really is up to the reader , is n't it ? 
  when will they stop pointing out characteristics of suspects ? 
  it does n't say foreign funding is not allowed anymore in the article . 
  what 's new , is the requirement that the imam has to learn german , and hopefully be more integrated and understanding of the german culture . 
  and even if they were to cut the funding , the history of criminal iman activity should justify it . 
  better being safe than politically correct . 
  i take it it 's similar to what they do here , where a muslim must be present during the slaughter , and the animals must face mecca . 
  lastly , they of course increase the price . 
   the austrian constitutional court claimed that the fact the law only applied to muslims was discrimination . 
  he had been told the week before to leave the country . 
  yes , the imam 's are normally islamic . 
  why is this discrimination ? 
  denmark has had enough lollygagging , it seems . 
  i wish sweden would 've had this experience as long as denmark ... 
  not correct . 
  in sweden there were more women than men up until 2015 , when for the first time , there were more men . 
  wednesday , when the festivities end . 
  thought it ended on rose monday , but it keeps going til wednesday . 
  wait until monday ... 
  schh !, 
   `` i think these are people who come from a very different culture . 
  we must make it clear to them that there are a number of values with regard to tolerance , pluralism , the relationship between men and women , straights and gays ... '' bullshit , they knew very well what they did was against the law . 
  wtf, 
  agreed . 
  it 's illegal , and from time to time ( mostly late at night ) , i see the beggars heading down the parking lot , to a guy in a mercedes , and having a `` conversation . '', 
  for the life of me i ca n't remember where i read the article where a couple of beggars were interviewed , but apparently it 's better to sit outside the market in cold or rainy weather , because then you can guilt people inte giving more money . 
  in my small town , we never saw a beggar . 
  then , in two days , they were outside every fucking mall/market . 
  what really got to me , was when some of them relocated to the sidewalk next to an atm machine . 
  very subtle . 
  sigh ... 
  i 'd like to inform the guardian that england is a country , and it also uses currency . 
  just like germany in the late 30 's and early 40 's !, 
  too late . 
  now it 'd just be throwing a glass of water on a forest fire . 
  nope . 
  sweden is a parlimentary democracy . 
  we vote on which party should form parliament . 
  the party then choses a prime minister . 
  the prime minister then choses the ministers , such as margot wallstr\u00f6m . 
  i 'm glad i did n't vote for this . 
  tl ; dr : finland belonged to sweden , then russia took it , then finland broke loose and became own nation in 1917 . 
  i wish sweden would start openly keep this kind of statistics . 
  as a young ( er ) man , that used to be my fantasy , and of course , to some extent , still is . 
  later on i realized : why would they have coitus with me , i am a man ?
