  he proposed literally banning islam which would either mean muslims have to leave or be arrested . 
  i also dont think `` islamisation '' of a developed country is a problem . 
  religion in general is weakening with every generation in every country that is well off ( yes even france and belgium ) . 
  once people have a nice life they dont need religion anymore as solace . 
  most of the 2nd or 3rd generation turks that came here to germany really dont care anymore about most of the religious stuff their grandparents still did . 
  just fyi , i am not religious at all and i find every religion to be kind of silly , but i can tolerate any belief as long as it is about beeing a good person . 
  and a good person would not ban other good persons just because some extremists did some terrible things . 
  concerning the bans of nazism i simply support the measures we have today in germany . 
  hatespeech can be persecuted , holocaust denial can be persecuted , specific nazi symbolism is forbidden outside or art and neonazi organisations are beeing watched by the federal office for the protection of the constitution . 
  there are problems with that though as this organisation has been infiltrated by neonazis some years ago and recently by an islamist . 
  so you are saying all these people might be secretly abhorrent ? 
  or maybe they are exactly the normal people youd think they are because why the fuck would they not be and the problem is not a religion that can be just as bad or good as christianity but the extremists . 
  of course islamist terror is much worse right now but if you look at other parts of recent history ( lets say ira terror from the 60s to the 90s ? ), 
  you could then easily argue that at different points in time different extremists have given different religions a bad name . 
  hell , in some countries like the us even atheists are seen as not trustworthy by the majority because of atrocities commited by atheists and atheist regimes . 
  you dont even have to have a religion to get lumped together with some extremist dickheads . 
  at some point one has to grow up and understand that extremists will always be there and will always do terrible things . 
  they need to be persecuted and punished , but you cant punish the majority for the acts of a minority . 
  i went to school with lots of muslims ( in frankfurt ) , i have many muslim friends , i currently study with lots of muslims , have a muslim professor and a few muslim phd students who help me with work in laboratory . 
  i live in a house with 20 flats half of which probably have muslim families or muslim/non muslim shared student flats . 
  the people working in the bakery i often go on the morning are probably muslim and the people making the food in university are probably muslim . 
  the guys driving the busses and trams and trains i use to travel everyday are probably often muslim . 
  a few days ago we had a oldschool lan party at a friends place with 2 of the 6 people there beeing muslim . 
  and the only reason all these people i have never seen behave any differently than atheists or christians other than some fasting in ramadan and not eating pork are not violent is because they are backwards and weak ? 
  they would happily resort to organized muslim violence if given the chance ? 
  do you really think that ? 
  funny enogh i have seen neonazi violence on multiple occasions , and thats in western germany where it is much much less than is the east ... 
  except the vast majority of muslims are not violent and fascist . 
  you are still punishing the majority of people for the acts of a minority . 
  collective punishment . 
  what difference does than make for a man if he is banned for the actions of others ? 
  i have a friend in university who is finishing his master thesis in chemistry . 
  he came here in 1992 as a baby from an afghan refugee family . 
  he now gets banned . 
  he only has german nationality btw and cant even talk persian properly . 
  meanwhile we have native germans who dont work because they dont want to , shave their heads and beat up people like my friend when they get a chance to . 
  they get revarded . 
  collective punishment is dumb for a reason . 
  there is more than a billion muslims so you can say billions . 
  also lets say 10 % of muslims are violent people . 
  grossly exagerating just to make a point . 
  how would you go about a ban ? 
  do you ask people what religion they are and if they are muslim they are put in jail ? 
  cant deport them to countries not taking them back , remember ? 
  also you might not have any chance to talk to these countries in a reasonable manner since you just banned their whole population from entering your country . 
  also what about the milions of muslims who dont even have another nationatily other than german ? 
  should we dump them into the ocean ? 
  then what about people lying . 
  you could just say you are not a muslim . 
  do we need a new stasi to locate secret muslims and jail them ? 
  what kind of jail would that be with millions of people in it , should we call it a camp and put it in poland so we can call it a polish camp ? 
  wouldnt wan na make people think something bad about these !, 
  stupid and unreasonable comment . 
  lets punish billions of peaceful people because a few are violent . 
  how could that possibly go wrong ? 
  while we are at it , lets ban men . 
  most are not violent , however they are much more likely to be violent than women . 
  i think we might have to ban them altogether to be honest . 
  thats not what happened . 
  police killed him after they asked for his papers and he started shooting at them . 
  what does one have to do with the other ? 
  he did not drive from poland . 
  you cant wash gunpowder from your hands easily . 
  they can detect them several days after firing a gun . 
  i wouldnt jump to conclusions and say that he was released too early . 
  seems easy enough to check if the guy is not guilty if there is no blood or residue from the gunpowder on him . 
  impossible to remove that in the little time he had from killing the driver to running people over . 
  hopefully they get the guy but if he has good contacts he might be able to hide for a long time , surveillance here is not really good ( thankfully ) . 
  that is not what was officially said . 
  its just what some news outlets reported . 
  also i didnt read anything about sexual assault . 
  they just want to fuck up all the subs . 
  having their safe spaces to spread hate is not enough , the hate must flow through reddit as a whole before these trolls are satisfied . 
  we cant be bothered to say `` niederlande '' , we have enough long words as is , so holland it is !, 
  then there is that `` sumpfdeutsche '' thing ... im sorry about that ... 
  you realize the social democrats wanting to publish it are part of the government ? 
  also `` rich people have more political power '' is not something that their `` agenda '' would contradict , its actually the contrary . 
  its also pretty stupidly obvious . 
  so i guess you understand 0 german ? 
  because that has literally nothing to do with the report . 
  your so called l\u00fcgenpresse is the one whos published this despite it not beeing released . 
  also the social democrats were the ones actually trying to publish it like this . 
  but go on with your retarded conspiracies on nazi subs like uncensorednews ... or just fuck off already . 
  its great for germans too . 
  many people live near to some border and its just very convenient . 
  also at this point the mark is gone for so long everyone thinks in euro and noone under 60 realistically would want it back anyway . 
  kinda doubt that rt will be rooting for fillon . 
  putin and fillon might be closer than le pen but ultimatively having parties like fn in power to undermine the eu as a whole is of much greater importance for putin . 
  what good is it jailing people who lied so they could become refugees ? 
  arent you gon na send them back anyway ? 
  if you cant send them back then you are stuck with them either way , jailing them is not going to help anyone make the best out of the situation . 
  all it does is create crowded prisons and cost money . 
   their sources are whomever gives them information . 
  they do n't contract hackers . 
  but sure , assange made a website years ago just waiting for his chance to pounce and destabilize the us right now . 
  nice strawman there . 
  obviously assange did not contract hackers nor did he make the website with the intention to be a pro russian outlet . 
  it just so happened that he is fucking trapped in an embassy forever . 
  such an isolation has destroyed better persons and he was not a very moral person before . 
  its easy to see the motivation for his recent acticity .
