oh come on , weve been over this . 
  if you want to live in a place where its ok to spread hateful lies than get out of europe . 
  we have rules against hatespeech for a reason , so fuck off . 
  i know its not really relevant but i still feel the need to defend frankfurt whenever the `` crime capital of germany '' thing comes up : these crimes are not real crimes . 
  a big portion of them are related to the airport ( smuggling ... ) and have nothing to do with frankfurt itself . 
  its a very safe city overall . 
  ill bet 100 $ he will make newt `` facts dont matter '' gingrich some important minister . 
  remember that the worst people during the george w bush era were probably rumsfeld and powell . 
  even if trump doesnt follow through with his bad ideas others will . 
  afd is not gaining ground though . 
  they are stuck at that ~ 10 % and possibly getting into single digits . 
  that is about the same number that describes putin as trustworthy . 
  we know russian trolls are a thing and that is already a kind of interference even if its the only one . 
  only if she doesnt run . 
  no way another coalition takes over . 
  so , he is buying drugs ? 
  this . 
  i dont care what deals gema strikes . 
  as long as they exist ill be mad about it . 
  no wonder they were founded 1933 . 
  fuck them . 
  yea , this misinformation gets repeated often here . 
  she asked about hatespeech - like posts beeing removed , not anti immigrant posts . 
  these are very much there as always on german facebook . 
  just try to inform yourself first ... 
  yea , i dont think you have any idea of what you are talking about . 
  we dont have any `` disaster '' here and certainly not enough problems to go full 1933 and elect racist nutjobs as chancellor . 
  thankfully 90 % of my fellow germans agree . 
  agree that i am more afraid of far-right people but honestly , i am not really afraid at all . 
  as long as you are not brown and in eastern germany chances are nothing will happen to you for your whole life . 
  dude , harry potter sure become kind of a racist weirdo at 22 . 
  thats just because as with most of reddit / r/europe is beeing flooded by retarded americans from the_donald . 
  i dont even care about what they vote , go ahead and fuck your shit up , just please stay away from bringing your dumb conspiracy theories here all the time . 
  a bank closing an account from a propaganda station does not have fucking anything to do with retarded fucking donald trump or freedom of speech . 
  just . 
  off . 
  except western germany doesnt expercience these kind of things and 99 % of the eastern germans who did not try to start a fight with refugees did in fact not experience any of this . 
   20 refugees and some 80 right-wing extremists yea , theres friction in eastern germany where a few special `` locals '' want to have it . 
  remember the many arson attacks on refugee shelters and so on ? 
  all in eastern germany , more specifically in saxony most of the time . 
  dont think that these locals did not want these clashes . 
  they even threw rocks at the ambulance after one refugee was stabbed . 
  wait a second , how is fn not populist and anti-europe ? 
  they are as populist and anti-europe as one can feasibly be . 
  if you cant even call them that you might as well just shut up and never call anything by its name because it is not getting any clearer . 
  also outside intervention did not start the whole thing , the country might have just been in an endless civil war like syria today . 
  im definetly not advocating for outside intervention on any conflicts but to suggest that not doing it always leads to a better conclusion is false . 
  its a gamble either way . 
   you ca n't be a liberal democrat and a muslim simultaneously . 
  many people are . 
  its just that its probably too much to ask from a country to just go from no secularism to full secularism when even supposedly secular havens like the us have half the people wishing for christian law and even us in germany having state religion with church taxes . 
  also lower saxony , hessia , berlin , nrw and other areas that already have very high numbers of immigrants ( and muslims ) have always voted more left-leaning . 
  its almost as if having friends with foreign roots makes you see that people arent literally hitler just because they have a different religion or skincolour . 
  he is never portrayed as an idiot here . 
  he is very much an intelligent but powerhungry and malicious person . 
  pretty much a supervillain . 
   and lets be fair here , are there any serious political leaders in the west that are much different , given the chance ? 
  yes ? 
  in fact id say most are not ruthless , aggressive and autocratic . 
  wait a second . 
  following your logic we should therefore vote for a socially backwards party to escape becoming socially backwards ? 
  how about we just vote for a socially progressive party ? 
  there is much more of a right wing culture there . 
  the npd got up to 9 % in saxony as little as 12 years ago . 
  people are not as wealthy as in the west and as always the blame has to be put somewhere and it is often foreigners even though there barely are any in the east . 
  its the same everywhere is the world . 
  people will be more liberal and foreigner - friendly in wealthier and more diverse areas while people isolated and poor are more conservative and xenophobic . 
  i think bmw has like less than 5 % of their production in the us . 
  thats not comparable . 
   `` a lot of people started calling the german media `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' ( lying press ) . '', 
  which is simply wrong . 
  even among the 10 % afd supporters you would probably need to look at the most extreme conspiracy nuts to find someone saying `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' unironically . 
  in fact your whole assumption germans are not trusting their media and turning to rt for news is bullshit to begin with . 
  criticism towards russia and russian media is probably stronger than ever after 1990 . 
  noone here gives a shit about what rt writes . 
  your whole post is a dumb afd propaganda piece . 
  please dont think this guys opinion is that of germans as a whole . 
  hes obviously an afd guy if he thinks normal people use `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' . 
  its only conspiracy nuts that do that . 
  our media may not be perfekt but it still is better than the media in most countries . 
  singling them out as `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' among all the bullshit written is just to further an afd agenda that everyone is only against them because they are beeing manipulated and lied to ( hint : its the same shit donald trump does in the usa ) . 
  and then i checked your post history and saw you posting in r/edefreiheit , which is basically a german / uncensorednews and a known nazi sub . 
  edit : oh and he just posted the video of martin sellner , a known far right aktivist which is beeing monitored by the federal constitutional court, 
   roland koch holy fuck , as someone from hessen let me tell you this guy did not need anyone to get driven out of politics . 
  he was ( and probably still is ) the most corrupt piece of shit to ever walk the earth . 
  you have to see the bigger picture . 
  the whole of germany is anti atomic at this point . 
  there was a window to push legislation helping renewables grow at the cost of atomic and she saw it . 
  that same window to drop coal wasnt there . 
  atomic was also extremely expensive for us . 
  it was the right thing to do from an economic and environmental standpoint . 
  still she is not the motor behind the `` energiewende '' so you cant really see this as her accomplishment . 
  not a fan but i feel like she does go for unpopular stuff more often than other politicians . 
  you can disagree with her but shes not nearly as much of a populist as seehofer or the whole afd . 
  whats the turkish translation of `` topkek '' ? 
  so much for that `` frauke petry - the accetable face of germanys right ? '', 
  post a few days ago . 
  she may try to act all reasonable but she cant hide it always . 
  how so ? 
  i feel like everything we have ( healthcare , childcare , education ... ) is pretty much top notch .
