  thats the difference of having a respected head of state like trudeau and an orange twitterbot as president . 
   funny how nobody is talking about deporting people from former yugoslavia due to their backwards culture sadly enough that is exactly what was talked about all the time here in germany in the 90s by the exact same people that do it today . 
  we even had the same regular attacks on refugee shelters ( i think it was even more ) and far right parties rising to 10 % . 
  i mean if you come up with the comparisson to trump its pretty obvious what could happen if fn got to power : - politics dictated even more by corporate interest - politics dictated by foreign leaders ( yes , fn has even closer ties to russia , so much that they dont even try to deny it like trump ) - estrangement from long held allies - isolation from the outside world through enactment of extemely nationalistic policies - weakening of justice department - limiting of free speech , attack on press and many more . 
  every single point here is a loss of democracy for the simple citizen without ties to some form of elite . 
  then you are not looking at facts , which doesnt suprise me given your comment . 
  im not . 
  the trust thing has a lot to do with the government ( as seen by the usa droping under trump ) and the british government is not exactly seen as the driving factor behind brexit . 
  may is not popular but shes definetly no trump or putin when it comes to reliability and reasonability . 
  i dont know that sub but its obviously not the one i was refering to . 
  i would bet my left hand that he was active in a certain reddit community . 
  while i might be voting spd , this is how i really feel . 
  they are both reasonable people . 
  feels fucking great not having to vote for the less terrible . 
  many people are members of parties . 
  that doesnt make you a politician . 
  who cares ? 
  lets just ignore what he has done in the last 40 years , formal education is what matters !, 
  but the chancellor has a major influence on what the party actually does . 
  see merkel changing the cdu in the last decade . 
  like calling schulz a career politician ? 
  its dumb enough to judge someone by how invested he in politics , but the guy wasnt even relevant in politics before 94 when he was 40 . 
  lets instead vote for h\u00f6cke . 
  at least he is not a career politician but a nazi symphatising history teacher !, 
  what could possibly go wrong !, 
  well fuck me , i might actually be voting spd for the first time . 
  i mean , hitler was as populist as it gets . 
  ergo populists are going to seem quite `` hitlery '' by definition . 
  that doesnt mean they want war and the eradication of jews throughout europe . 
  the problem with populism is not that its inherently bad , but that people resorting to it to get power rarely have the good of the people in mind . 
  if you are a good guy wanting to do the right things chances are you are not going to basically trick people into voting for you through populism . 
  if you only care about power and your own interest you are going to tell people exactly what they need to hear to vote for you , organically making you a populist . 
  there may be a world where there is a trump who uses populist tactics and then turns out to be a good guy once in power , but it sure as hell isnt this one . 
  sorry but you are just talking out of your ass here . 
  ive lived in frankfurt for many years and have been to all the cities you mentioned . 
  unless you have some very specific tourist stuff in mind there is nothing in any of these you cant do in frankfurt . 
  i guess the weather is a little better in madrid ... im not saying that frankfurt needs even more banks but beeing unattractive to live in is just not a reason really . 
  its hard to ungerman myself : /, 
  falling population does absolutely not need a pyramid scheme to become a problem . 
  thats not rocket science ... 
  ive dated a muslim women some time ago as an atheist , ama . 
  it might be but in europe overpopulation is certainly not a problem . 
  sinking population is a problem for many countries though , and it brings huge problems concerning infrastructure and pensions . 
  because a falling population brings a lot of problems with it . 
  europe is also not exactly overpopulated . 
  growth might not be needed but staying the same is desireable . 
  germany dropping below 80 million would have been a sign of dark times . 
  if people dont have confidence in their pensions bad things happen . 
  greetings from mainz . 
  we also have 2 cats :d . 
  leipzig does look nicer though !, 
  its not , the party started as a kind of one topic liberal-konservative anti-eu party . 
  read about the split with bernd lucke if you care to inform yourself about them further . 
  when all the more moderate people leave what you are left with is a party of extremists , wheter you want it or not . 
  im more reserved on fully agreeing . 
  i understand their reasoning but there are certainly arguments against it . 
  the npd is irrelevant and dying and not in small parts due to the surge of the afd and pegida . 
  but the afd can go away and then we are stuck with them again . 
  remember `` die republikaner '' polling at like 8 % start of the 90s because people didnt want refugees from the balkans ? 
  they went away pretty quickly and guess what party strenghtened with their weakening ? 
  i would vote spd if schulz ran . 
  sadly its pretty clear he wont because a loss ( which is very probable , even with him beeing the most popular politician here ) right after comingback into german politics would be catastrophic for him . 
  maybe 2021 . 
  well he is right but even people here in the sub who are probably more educated than the average guy dont care . 
  i see myself defending merkel regularly against the `` but merkel invited all the brown people '' arguments even though i never have and very probably never will even vote for her ... 
  greens in germany have done a lot of good . 
  as with every party there are some people that are beeing unrealistic with their suggestions ( universal basical income ... ) but when in power relist politicans have had the most to say ( joschka fischer comes to mind ) . 
  bild can go fuck off . 
  they may not be that bad , but they are still horrible and the world would be abetter place without them existing . 
  can you give example articles of this ? 
  because i am calling bullshit on it . 
  we have absolutely clear evidence of straight lies in this breitbart article . 
  its not just misreporting , jumping the gun on unconfirmed reports , exaggeration or anything like that , it is straight up intentional lying to maliciously deceive the reader . 
  now show me something comparable in a major german paper other than bild . 
  if people would care about facts the list should have been like : 1 ) education 2 ) health 3 ) employment 4 ) getting the cdu to allow gay marriage ( only relevant for germans ) 5 ) lots of shit that will actually affect daily life of people . 
  67 ) russia 68 ) terrorist attacks, 
  but 66 % of the far right afd supporters dont feel safe . 
  i guess now we knows that fear leads to the dark side ? 
  also i invite these fucking cowards to move to any other country on earth . 
  chances are its gon na be less safe than here ... 
  you are retarded . 
  if it was as easy as just bombing them to death it would have been done ages ago by pretty much everyone , no matter what their real motives are . 
  isis is not a state with a few cities you can just destroy , they are clustered among tons of civilians , other rebel groups , government forces and so on . 
  going `` hard '' on them does nothing except hurt lots of civilians ( hello russia ) which might just become part of isis after you killed their families . 
  of course the us could just wipe out half of syria , hell even turkey could do that easily with their military alone , but that would just set up the region for the next isis and kill thousands of innocents . 
  dont get me wrong , i love kroatia and all of the balkans and i am very much in favor of this migration but its funny you just mentioned this considering the bka-report was just in german media showing that criminality among migrants dropped by 23 % since the start of the year while their number increased by 25 % . 
  the % of offenders by nationality also makes iraqis/syrians/afghans ( 66 % of migrants , 33 % of crimes ) look a lot better than people from the balkans ( 11 % / 19 % ) with the worst beeing mahgreb by far ( 2 % / 22 % ) . 
  so i wouldnt say its quite as black and white when it comes to regular migrants / refugees as you make it seem . 
  at the very least its fair to say the people most in need of help ( iraqis/syrians/afghans ) are behaving rather nicely in general . 
  police here are generally very respectful and fair but i can see them beeing rough with what they thought was a terrorist who just killed a dozen people . 
  hard to stay 100 % professional in such a case . 
  might just be the guardian publishing bullshit though . 
  having watched the video i wouldnt say the intent is very clear . 
  the kick is as hard as a kick can basically get , flying and the victim does not see it coming . 
  the way the guy drops with his head on the pavement can easily kill him instantly . 
  its not exactly a murder but as far as unarmed assault goes it doesnt get much worse imo . 
  one could even call them economic migrants . 
  those goddamn monsters trying to live a better life !, 
  maybe he was just a shit driver , seems he was practicing driving some hours before so he likely was indeed not familiar with trucks . 
  but that is not what the original commenter was suggesting .
