  sure it can always be better but nothing to complain about at all . 
  as someone born in heidelberg : it may not be a mandatory visit but you just listed a few real shitholes there : kaiserslautern ? 
  come on ... . 
  the reason people often suggest heidelberg is because it has the whole medieval wibe tourists often love . 
  rothenburg ob der tauber is probably the city ( allthough tiny ) that does this the best . 
  this happens because the actual moderate people in the afd ( yes the guys who were eu sceptics on an economical level ) left when bernd lucke left . 
  these were people who used to be cdu or fdp voters but didnt like their pro-eu and globalist attitude . 
  look up bernd lucke leaving because the party basically became a populist shithole with xenophobia as the only main selling point and his subsequent foundation of alfa . 
  the remaining is a mixture of former npd voters from eastern germany with strong ties to pegida and a bunch of old people from rural areas who would rather not have any foreigners around them to begin with . 
  no wonder they cant even kick out holocaust deniers . 
  i am not an eu skeptic but i can see where a party like alfa is necessary as a counterbalance against extreme globalists . 
  a party like the afd simply isnt . 
  it speaks to the exact same people that love trump in the us . 
  no wonder mrs. petry likes him so much . 
  i am absolutely certain she would love to do exactly what trump is doing in the us , she just cant because she knows the public in germany is not quite ready for this next level of populist bullshit ( and to be fair it seems trump himself cant quite pull it off all the way ) . 
  but then again varoufakis said austerity can never ever work for greece . 
  im not a fan of sch\u00e4uble myself but maybe reality will prove varoufakis wrong ? 
  why sanction crimea anyway ? 
  they just ( probably ) voted to join russia . 
  if anything russia minus crimea should have been sanctioned . 
  me when im too polite to dissent to anything . 
  to be fair , i have never been called racist and living in the rhein-main region half of the people i talk with have some kind of immigrant background . 
  its really not as bad as some people would like you to believe . 
  chances are if you are beeing called racist you actually did something shitty . 
  honestly the first three month were the best for me in the bundeswehr . 
  it was stressfull but at least you had something to do and it was also a nice change of pace for someone used to beeing kind of lazy to get to their physical limits . 
  it was the following 6 months ( i still had to do 9 months involuntary ) that showed me how incredibly shit the bundeswehr really is . 
  noone really does anything , it seems to solely exist to waste taxpayer money . 
  riddled with regulations and processes that make you constatly think noone with a brain has ever thought about these , riddled with people too dumb to really do anything else . 
  now , if you get to go to university there you might have a point as you dont spend most of your time sitting around doing nothing surrounded by imbeciles but not everyone can become an officer . 
  if you want to become anything less than an officer dont bother joining if you have any other chances in life . 
  the nsdap was just a fringe party at the beginning . 
  most people `` decided '' to join him and werent purged . 
  right ? 
  hes just jealous he didnt get to do it first . 
  to be fair , reading any 5 of your posts makes me think you were very wrong to vote cdu in the first place . 
  remove all muslims from europe ? 
  if immigration is the priority for you as you say and keeping every muslim out of europe ( poor balkans ) is your goal you should have voted npd to start with . 
  but stopping the talks would just be burning bridges . 
  everyone knows turkey is a lot farther away from joining the eu than before . 
  real talks havent happened in years . 
  officially stopping the talks would just be a petty way to piss off the turks that may actually care to have a democracy in a time after erdogan . 
  erdogan is already rightfully beeing criticized in pretty much every way possible . 
  also why increase the font size to post 8 year old `` news '' ? 
  mainz and frankfurt i can confirm you can just enter in the back and sit down . 
  sometimes there will be a controller ( ? ), 
  who checks if you have a valid ticket . 
  i dont know if you are trolling me here . 
  i didnt say that it was wrong to repeat the election . 
  if irregularities are found a repeat is needed . 
  its still highly unlikely that it was rigged . 
  except primaries are not elections . 
  partys are private institutions to begin with and can choose their candidate how they want . 
  both sanders and trump chose to adhere to their rules instead of running independant . 
  0 evidence that it was rigged and highly improbable too . 
  just dumb people not keeping to the protocol with the counting . 
  i say we send pegida to demonstrate in turkey . 
  its amazing , we piss of erdogan and get rid of pegida . 
  im getting happy just thinking about it . 
  you are overestimating how much he actually cares about the shit he says . 
  hes repeatedly advocated s\u00fcdtirol joining austria despite most of s\u00fcdtirol not even caring about that as they have quite the comfortable nearly autonomous and well off province . 
  i have never and probably will never vote for merkel and her party and i still have to admit this . 
  i would love a spd/fdp ( or linke ) / gr\u00fcne coalition , but who would be the chancellor ? 
  i dont like the cdu and fucking hate the csu and still its easy to see how merkel often has an approval rating way higher than people voting for her . 
  probably because as a rather poor country the rural people only really care about the better quality of life and not politics . 
  look for one of the threads regarding rape by american military in japan . 
  there are a fuckton of people defending them , many military themselves . 
  because they werent sentenced for rape but theft . 
  which is kind of easy to prove because the perpetrator usually still has the stolen goods . 
  sexual harassment , groping and such crimes leave little to no evidence and are incredibly hard to prove . 
  its no suprise there having been no sentences regarding these . 
  it was even reported that she often slept at his `` place '' . 
  thats rather easy to check since there were a lot of other refugees who saw her . 
  both were working at the same kebap shop , she was pregnant ... you dont have to be biased media to see where this is going ... 
  it doesnt even matter what he says . 
  his supporters would back him even if he shot a migrant himself just for fun . 
  not really , up to 35 % of austrians are fp\u00d6 voters which is their far-right party and also close to russia . 
  in fact im more suprised by trump getting such little praise . 
  merkel beeing calm and dilpomatic when dealing with buffoons is actually a good thing . 
  i do think schulz can do it too though , he is not as emotional as people make him out to be . 
  that feeling when you are a delegate supposed to write one of the most common first names `` martin '' and one of the most common last names `` schulz '' and still fuck up ... 
   all i can say about is , since i was never directly affected , that 20 years ago , nobody was rummaging through public trash cans for the deposit on bottles . 
  there was no einwegpfand 20 years ago . 
  also i do remember `` flaschensammler '' before 2000 . 
  what you said about the agenda 2010 is obviously true still . 
  thats the usual slippery slope argument . 
  just because hate speech is beeing fought does not mean that freedom of speech is beeing supressed . 
  in fact the same laws already work very well outside of social media . 
  its just starting to be enforced there too . 
  and just fyi , there are definitions of what constitutes hatespeech in our legal system . 
  so if someone sees his freedom of speech breached he is free to go to court . 
  the movement is not about the netherlands in particular obviously . 
  just this one meeting . 
  its just a pro - eu movement founded after brexit/trump . 
  i dont think so . 
  the remain vote is kinda expected to be honest . 
  its not just a eu/non-eu decision , it is a lot scarier to break free from the uk than it is to break free from the eu . 
  and yet trump has no problems making two travel bans happen while not making visa-free travel happen for eu citizens . 
  i definetly agree that obama should have changed the policies regarding eu citizens earlier if he could have . 
  but dont be fooled , this move by the european parliament is very obviously still aimed at the trump administration since his hostility towards the eu leaves very little incentive to be lenient on such matters .
