   and let 's be clear here , even if wikileaks started with the agenda to bring down nato that still does n't make this fake , and it still does n't mean that the information is n't worth spreading . 
  which it is , and the big media companies do n't deal with this stuff ( maybe because the email leaks , including the podesta leak show that they 're all fucking in on it ) , so it 's left to the small sites . 
  but the information is pointless bullshit more often than not . 
  look at this story here , read the shit !, 
  there is zero actual evidence in these emails that erdogan and isis have any relations . 
  i wouldnt be suprised if he did but these emails are useless and only released to promote an agenda . 
  the big media outlets are not picking up on stories that cerain internet echochambers circlejerk about because there is no story once you read the retarded shit by yourself . 
  i know i was dumb enough to do that the first few times i heard from there `` stories '' and it was an epic waste of time . 
  if the story has any legs the media here in my country does absolutely pick the up , its just that normally its just conspiracy theorists like you circlejerking in their internet echochambers which noone in real life gives a damn about . 
  they are very selective about what is released . 
  coincidentally everything they release is pro-russian . 
  maybe because mr.assange currently has trouble with the west , maybe because their sources are russian hackers ? 
  even if all of this is untrue at the very least they know what kind of implications releasing these emails has even though nothing of any actual substance is in them . 
  it allows fake news outlets to spin this into a story like the one this thread is about , feeding the whole conspiracy craze . 
  i remember there beeing a til here on reddit that americans were kings of sauerkraut consumption , mainly because its put on hotdogs and other stuff :d, 
  dude , its not even an insult , sauerkraut is amazing . 
  ask the americans , they eat even more of it than we do !, 
  except i saw like 2 threads about that and 20 about this shit , mostly by regular / r/ukpolitics and / r/the _ donald posters . 
  there are idiots everywhere on the political spectrum but the trump folks definetly take the cake when it comes to antiintellectual stupidity . 
  use capslock , post in every sub where it could feasibly fit ( yes , askreddit it viable , just make it `` dear reddit , why is the eu falling apart right now ? 
  '' ) , post in 10 times just to be safe . 
  its ok little snowflake , just go back to your anti-eu safespace where noone will criticize you and everything will be alright again . 
  yes , the 50 % of pro brexit brits and trump supporters violently posting new euro low every two seconds in every sub . 
  its expected . 
  you can be an idealist until you have to be a realist to actually get stuff done . 
  its still important to have idealists to gather support for progressive ideas though . 
  idk man , if you look at the german greens , they are often left but rarely far left and then there are guys like kretschmann who i would say are very center . 
  also some are like boris palmer which is more right than the cdu nowadays ... 
  would you agree that strache is a right wing extremist ( or neonazi ) ? 
  last time i checked he was still the guy calling the shots . 
  why is he getting elected if the base is mostly anti-eu , anti-immigration conservatives ? 
  most people in the fp\u00d6 are probably not right wing extremists or nazis but if you blindly follow nazis then one can argue that you are also one because you are not speaking out against them and letting your party be a source of `` evil '' . 
  but strache definetly is and hes just his lapdog so what difference would it make realistically ? 
  kind of disagree here . 
  i think its about 35 % ( ? ), 
  the fp\u00d6 would get today ? 
  then yes , 35 % are supporting neonazis . 
  no reason to beat around the bush . 
  we have like 10-15 % who do that in germany too , and autria has historically had a stronger far right for a long time . 
  if you supported haider and support strache you support ( ed ) what most people would call neonazis . 
  so , that is not an objective measure to say refugees integrate better . 
  its about all kind of migrants , not refugees . 
  and they are not from the same countries and not coming under the same conditions . 
  america is much more picky when it comes to migration . 
  think about  offspring of foreign-born parents do 26 percent better at 15 than those of second-generation ( or longer ) americans there is no way immigrants could do better than natives ( ! ), 
  if a majority came with very little education and no idea of the language ( allthough english skills are much more likely than german , french or other language skills ) . 
  its comparing apples to oranges really . 
  also look at the graph underneath it . 
  reading scores through the eu at 15 seem to be terrible except for ireland and the uk , where they are similar to the us . 
  do you think these two are doing anything extremely different then for example germany ? 
  or could it be than the main language beeing english is a big factor ? 
  and that is one of the factors they used for determining how well they are doing . 
  now , i dont want to go through the whole article but you get my point . 
  these statistics are nice but they say nothing about how good refugees are integrated , more about how hard it is to get into america . 
  very few people here convert to a religion in a peaceful way . 
  they are basically troubled individuals `` wanting '' to become radicalized and then choose the way to become a radical after that , doesnt matter if its salafism , neonazism ... 
  the very same organization has already had massive problems with members beeing neonazis themselves ... 
  you just made that up . 
  there is no objective way of measuring that anyway so you could just claim anything really . 
   i do n't care what passport they hold . 
  exactly . 
  you dont care about someone beeing 100 % german legally . 
  you care about their race . 
  can we please not use the american `` liberal '' in a european sub . 
  sick enogh of seeing it everywhere else ... 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo whenever someone mentions that i can only picture the berlin wall emerging from the ground :d, 
  dude , russia funding nationalist parties and their media outlets all over the world is not even a secret , what are you even getting at ?? 
  an article that falsly implies than fn has a chance in the next elections ? 
  daily express is basically owned by ukip people which is very pro russia and spreads their propaganda all around . 
  i dont know what you want to tell us with this article otherwise ... ? 
  i feel like an american eating these . 
  it should be disgusting but i love the `` smokey chicken bbq '' flavoured ones more than most of the other frozen stuff . 
  i never vote cdu but still want her to run . 
  cdu winning is very likely and she is a reasonable leader . 
  that seems to be a consensus among many people i know that also dont vote cdu . 
  unreasonable people are in power all over the world basically dividing their countrys right in the middle . 
  even though i never voted for merkels party and probably never will she does feel like a chancellor for all germans ( far right and left will disagree ) . 
  in my mind that is a good thing . 
  would you take a 1 in 100 chance of dying for a bit of financial profit ? 
  i sure as hell wouldnt and neither would most people not living in misery . 
  so think a second about what you wrote . 
  if none of them are in danger and are having wonderful lives , why do they take the incredibly high risk of dying on a boat ? 
  could it be that they risk their lives because they have nothing to lose ? 
  you are not only beeing inhuman but also very illogical . 
  that is all true , but realistically the supreme court is pretty much guaranteed to favor it and it will pass . 
  its not even very controversial when you consider that most of the western eu already has gay marriage and 80 % + of the population supports it . 
  its a big deal for people that are affected by it and its such a nobrainer . 
  many `` bigger problems '' arent easily solved because there are pros and cons . 
  gay marriage literally has no real con . 
  people just find it icky cause religion and shit , no real reason . 
  idk man , as someone from frankfurt currently living in mainz i miss the mainufer as opposed to the shitty rheinufer and there are basically 3 locations to party here ( other than university stuff ) which is not a lot . 
  i dont know about the situation in japan in particular but if we take germany as an example the pensions cant realistically be lowered any more . 
  the retirement age is increasing every few years and still the only reason the pension market hasnt crashed completely is because of immigration . 
  the main problem with falling population is aging population and the subsequent stress on pensions . 
  you cant have 1 working person pay for 5 pensioners . 
  it is already a huge problem in many countrys with a low birthrate . 
  when you spend millions of euros for some lulz :d, 
  you wont see many minced meat d\u00f6ner here in germany since people dont want it and dont buy it . 
  id say 90 % of the places have the real layered meat . 
  easy : skip breakfast , eat a d\u00f6ner for lunch , eat a d\u00f6ner for dinner .
