  hide yo wife !, 
  hide yo kids !, 
  beware the eussr , it 's coming for you !, 
  eu is at least as far from being a massive failure than it is from being perfect . 
  more like r/im14andthisisdeep, 
  it says including data . 
  yes . 
  paris line 12 i believe . 
  i misunderstood your comment , my apologies . 
  that being said , france has had a hard stance on syria from the beginning , which i do n't think is a good idea . 
  stop that england , i 'm warning you !, 
  you 're a funny guy , i assume you believe the iraq war was a good thing ? 
  dafuq did i just watch ? 
  i read hamon ... 
  well maybe to hamon , maybe ( i doubt that or really few ) to fillon or to abstention . 
  i 'm guessing most would go to melenchon and some to macron . 
  at least some of putin 's photo could be from a gay magazine . 
  but he is anti gay like he 's secretly gay . 
  me too . 
  until i realized brexit is actually an abortion . 
  which is why the people 's representants are supposed to debate until they reach a compromise , which they are supposed to commit to . 
  that 's quite litteraly true actually . 
  as for the iraq war , the issue is n't decisiveness , but the direction they commited to . 
  sure but diversity is n't divisiveness , even more so in foreign policy . 
  yet , we 're weaker than any of them , because we 're unable to agree and fully commit . 
  actually , eu is the same size as them , except that we 're midgets in a trench coat . 
  it 's not about melenchon , i have my own doubts about him . 
   every candidate who has a '' * far - * '' prefix has indeed gone too far and lost his/her connection with reality . 
  it 's just overly simplistic . 
  you say that , but jokes aside , despite its flaws , the eu was rather protective in that regard . 
  none at all . 
  it 's simply the inevitable , logical conclusion of thousands of years of accumulated data . 
  the irish chose to die and flee their beloved homeland rather than eat english food for example . 
  but i bet you 're one of those climate change deniers . 
  fake news : - france should be first . 
  - england should be last . 
  i rest my case . 
  ha the famous bravery of the far-right , strong men full of virility , is a beautiful thing . 
  poor man . 
  this putin should be ashamed of herself . 
  says the guy whose entire country is a no-go zone . 
  edit : not to mention the australian natives must feel the same . 
  and you talk but your cities are riddled with some filthy animals . 
  since they won the war , emus think they 're the shit . 
  omg you lost a war against a bunch of chickens , my fucking sides !, 
  well ... a hasty google image search will do that to you , i 'm ashamed . 
  as penitence , i will attack russia . 
  in winter . 
   * vladimir putin a true symbol of national self - ~ ~ de ~ ~ termination . 
  * opponents agree . 
  ... thanks tunisia ... looks like it 's time to go [ full napoleon ] ( https://img.ifcdn.com/images/1980dd7a7a4e9bdebe3a166fbda19f20e5c3ff65b6be0bc59cb9c2d7856471b4_1.jpg ) again . 
   so you can stigmatise me as shill , troll , activist but i mus n't call them agent provocateurs etc. 
  `` stigmatize '' : to mark with a brand . 
  wow i did n't know i was so powerful . 
  i just stated my opinion . 
   and regarding my writings of russian and it 's affairs . 
  they will continue for as long as the west spreads their tentacles and withdraws from russia . 
  says the guy posting pro-putin narrative on reddit . 
  ironic indeed . 
  you posted this one hour ago : `` why is it justifiable for the anglo-saxon and american media to perform a coup 'd ` etat in russia federation under the pretense of some quasi rights '' talking about protests . 
  you then downgraded coup d'etat to foreign interference then to over-coverage by anglo media . 
  you then post a clip of farage , who is a clown financed by putin . 
  you seem to adhere to putin 's narrative beyond reason , what am i supposed to think except that you 're a shill/troll/activist ? 
  funny how russians shills accuse others of their own doings . 
  ironic . 
  i was n't aware of that joke . 
  but the fact that an urss joke is still relevant today is an argument in my favor , is it not ? 
  from the article :  they face 35 charges including armed violence , theft and attempted murder . 
  do the communists you talk about are charged with that as well ? 
  french communists gave us paid leave instead of eastern communist 's gulags ( edit : or nazi 's camps ) . 
  and communists `` parading '' in the media , what the hell are you talking about ? 
  first it was a coup d'etat , now its over covered . 
  and how is it over covered ? 
  who is interfering ? 
  citizens are protesting against their government 's corruption . 
  i 'd still rather be an opponent in the us than in russia . 
  why do n't we make an experiment ? 
  i 'll go to the elysee and scream `` fuck the president '' , you go to the kremlin and do the same . 
  come on , it will be fun , i promess . 
  i do n't know what they will do to snowden , but they wo n't do to him what putin did to nemtsov . 
  `` the same thing we do every night , pinky - try to take over the world ! '', 
  go proselytising elsewhere . 
  because they kill themselves more than the general population . 
  but that 's the trick , it makes potent fertilizer . 
  work only once though . 
  what are your experiences in covering paedophiles ? 
  `` no means no '' was his tweeted answer about that . 
  a fn supporter accusing may of being a nazi ? 
  i do n't think i do , i 'm sure that plays a role . 
  but even the gia attacks in '95 were motivated by religion rather than nationalism . 
  and clearly the iraq war helped created isis . 
  i did n't know thanks !, 
  ok , thanks . 
  we would lose because we suck at everything ... 
   [ sergei prokofiev ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4tyq97jcr0 ) seconded . 
  also is n't gorki a great russian writer ? 
  care to explain ? 
   i 'm just pointing out that communism and communists have different history in the west, 
  of course . 
  i 'm just pointing out that communism and communists have different history in the west , but i 'm aware that it was brutal in the east ( and elsewhere ) .
