  well obviously `` indochine '' did n't have a peaceful way out of colonization . 
  however , maybe you were n't subject to the same degree of racism ( at least for some time now ) . 
  and different cultures could explain differents reactions , and of course , all individuals react their own way . 
  and algeria way out was more complicated . 
  it is . 
  why should i have any guilt over things i did n't participate in ? 
  recognition yes . 
  guilt no . 
  because children have inalienable rights . 
  even if their parents are illegals . 
  these rights include education . 
   thing is though mate , the muslims living in france right now are not exactly trying their best to integrate . 
  erroneous generalization . 
   i think this idea by le pen is retarded , but i do believe that muslims need to step up their game if they want to really integrate some do . 
  not all people , far from it . 
  her father , founder of her party , lost against chirac in 2002 . 
  chirac had around 20 % in the first round and 82 % in the second . 
  actually i do n't think it 's that different . 
  you 're considered integrated if you integrate our values . 
  not essentially different from the us , no ? 
  it 's greyer than that . 
  after the war , well , obviously , part of the country was destroyed , a number of white french were living in dumps too . 
  and the projects seem like shit now , but at the time , heating , tap water etc it was n't bad at all ... 
  it may seem weird now , but it was new and modern !, 
  suburbs edit : u/dreynard well maybe not because i think for the americans it 's associated with good neighborhood . 
  perhaps rough / bad/poor suburban cities composed of projects is what you 're looking for . 
   ( for those who do n't know , we parked them in camps for 15 years guarded by military police with shit like curfew ) hum actually we left a lot of them in algeria , disarmed , to be slaughtered by the fln . 
  between 10.000 and 150.000 according to wiki . 
  it 's disgusting ... 
  banlieues = suburbs , cites = projects . 
  the projects you speak of were mixed in the beginning though . 
  those who could , left . 
  then mass unemployment , and racism in part made that they were disproportionatly hit . 
  and fuck pigs !, 
   the destruction of the eu is immanent . 
  damn this is tasty . 
  wow . 
  and do n't try to play it like you meant to say that . 
  kebab , kebab , give me the recep, 
  and erdogan son in law is fond of the just as deadly coup de bite, 
  it also means a higher rate of deadly road accidents does n't it ? 
  you 're welcome :-), 
  basically , the good guys were storming the bastille . 
  so you 're saying he 's pulling a trump , stirring new shit everyday to distract us ? 
  if you would allow me , i would like to conclude by a core tenet of my faith . 
  `` i 'll be long gone -- bigly -- before some smart -- and i know smart people trust me . 
  the best smart -- person ever figures out what happened inside this thread . 
  and my hands are normal , believe me ! '', 
  praise be the three-dicked-yellow-half-triceratops-half-jellyfish god , may he bless us with his apathy . 
  u/sinadoh demanded knowledge and proof of non-existence of god when the burden of proof is his . 
  except if he had , he 'd be sad because it 's not faith if you have proof . 
  and you ca n't prove a negative . 
  as for my god 's theological corpus , you 'd be surprised , it 's extremely extensive . 
  it 's a mix of the best quotes of bush and trump . 
  it 's glorious !, 
  how many is a brazilian walls ? 
  many ob/gyn ca n't practive their pussy grabbing with women all over the country . 
  is our children learning the best words ? 
   murdering men is still legal nice lapse you got there . 
  suggestion : 1 . 
  join iceland and sealand , thus becoming the isuk . 
  isuk leaves eu . 
  you filthy heretic !, 
  you will be put to death by 10.000 dildos !, 
  without . 
  lube . 
  ** repent ** !, 
  ^ ^ and ^ ^ relax, 
  are you implying that mine is n't a religion ? 
  i sincerely believe in the three-dicked-yellow-half-triceratops-half-jellyfish god , i follow his teachings with my whole heart , do n't compare him to the false gods !, 
  can you prove that my three-dicked-yellow-half-triceratops-half-jellyfish god does n't exist ? 
  we should give them mercy . 
  do n't know about the official definition , but the etymology and common acceptance is not about constituants expressing their democratic rights . 
  yes . 
  this is the crux of the problem , and why ultimatly , i suppose i 'd rather have legal lobbying , made as transparent as possible , rather than done in the shadows . 
  nevertheless , i disagree that citizens expressing their wishes equates lobbying , same can be said about ( some ) ngos . 
  but some lobbyists are more equal than others ... not to mention lobbyists push private interests , while ngos and citizens may push what they perceive as the public one . 
  bravo francois !, 
  first my point is n't to say the us is evil and we 'd be better off without them . 
  saddam , assad and putin have blood on their hands , i have no love for them . 
  for the rest i guess we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  you do n't say ? 
  nope . 
  isis became relevant when they took mossul , and along 500m $ and brand new us gear , which the former sunni iraqi military , joining isis while fleeing from al maliki , put to good use . 
  both of these things were impossible without the iraq war . 
  about saddam meddling , that 's highly improbable because after decades of embargo , he would n't have been able to do shit and you 'd think he 'd remember kuwait . 
  but we 'll never know . 
  we do know it took 3 weeks for the us to crush iraq 's military though . 
  now the arab spring and specifically the syrian civil war would certainly would have happened anyway , but without being a military expert , i 'd guess that having a civil war in a country that borders another warzone is certainly not going to make things quieter . 
  without the iraq war , who 's to say how obama ( or potus anyway ) would have managed the syrian crisis ? 
  the chemical weapons use red line ? 
  not to mention how it stirred the kurds , which in turn stirred turkey . 
  and gave fuel to anti-west fanatics which did n't need that , and isis who provided a jihadist dreamland , thus empowering global terrorism . 
  especially when wmds and saddam/binladen ties were all bullshit and the whole world knew . 
  seriously , you ca n't misunderestimate the absolute clusterfuck that 's been born of the iraq 's war . 
  and iraq 's oil exports in 2014 were less than twice that of 2000 . 
  and , ho yeah right , the hundreds thousands of people who died . 
  we ... ^ we ^ need ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ and ^ the ^ us ^ and ^ germany ^ to ^ fly ^ ^ our ^ ^ armored ^ ^ vehicles . 
  this is fantastic , it would be orgasmic if the aesthetic of our politicians polyphonies could mimic his . 
  because his `` friend '' said he 'd take assad down a few days ago ?
