  and i 'm all for it . 
  certainly is fucked up , but from uk to iran , there is quite a gap . 
  last time i did , i shat myself :-(, 
  leave wallonie 's buddy alone !, 
  having high expectations is n't a defect . 
  to be fair , we * are * trying . 
  guessed as much , still no idea what the hell he 's talking about ... 
  you mean [ magnitogorsk ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=magnitogorsk ) ? 
  yeah , the founding fathers really messed up this one ... and the church 's tax exemption ... * facepalm *, 
  hon hon hon, 
  to be fair , recent political events do seem to contradict evolution ... we 're devolving . 
  edit : for u/h2ppyme and u/sapemeg , i didnt think that was necessary but ... / s, 
   so uk is going iran patch wut ? 
   and france with their atheism is going a ussr patch . 
  if you were allowed to . 
  we 're getting used to the idea that the next president will likely be either lepen ( hitler ) or fillon ( eyebrowed tatcher ) . 
  funny how your flair says crimea while your comments says russia, 
  like what ? 
   yeah . 
  it 's totes insane . 
  ( creationism / ` intelligent design ' was ruled unconstitutional in the kitzmiller v. dover area school district federal court case , btw . ), 
  should n't that be a supreme court decision ? 
  by the way you 're so fucked on that one . 
   but the revolutionary generation left us with a strong mandate for a secular republic . 
  we 'll be able to beat back these filthy theocrats eventually . 
  every generation is more secular . 
    we have our own shortcomings ... 
  wait . 
  no we do n't !, 
  hon hon hon hon hon hon :-)   haha . 
  you have super-massive problems . 
  but muh arrogant perfection ...  but la\u00efcit\u00e9 ai n't one . 
  that shit sexy af . 
  like marianne . 
  libya does n't count !, 
  we went there to destroy proofs of financement of sarkozy ... 
  i mean bring freedom !, 
  only if you seat between us and uk . 
  no worries . 
  france sent you 5 tanks . 
  france stronk !, 
  choke on your tea boris . 
   we actually have a robust `` wall of separation between church and state '' ( -- thomas jefferson ) enshrined in constitutional law and supreme court precedent -- i know . 
  but swearing on a bible , creationism taught in school , `` in god we trust '' etc. 
  it 's insane . 
   much more so than any other english-speaking nation . 
  ( they are truly * awful * on that front , as liberal as those other anglophone countries appear , it is there where you will find state-financed fundamentalist schools and state-supported religious civil courts ... ) unfortunately , american political discourse surrounding secularism is not as entrenched , to put it mildly , as it is with la la\u00efcit\u00e9 \u00e0 la fran\u00e7aise . 
  france is truly the republican master on that front . 
  / bows / we have our own shortcomings ... 
  wait . 
  no we do n't !, 
  hon hon hon hon hon hon :-), 
  i think your mapple syrup is fermenting ... 
   well , did you ever hear of ottoman empire , sweetie ? 
  of course i did , i do n't see how that 's relevant regarding the separation of the french state and religion . 
  ever heard of ataturk sweetie ? 
   then start getting rid of jesus symbols as well . 
  we did , in state 's representation 's . 
   i do n't get what 's exactly wrong with the avergae french incompetent , but banning burkas does n't solve terrorism yes . 
   and banning marys does n't solve economic problems wut ? 
   or religious influences , but i do get now why i never liked france . 
  misogyny 24/7 and you all smell like cheese . 
  cheese is delicious . 
   banning stuff just makes people more into it . 
  so these examples of so called `` secularism '' is just a band aid over salt you 're putting on an open wound . 
  tsk tsk . 
  let 's legalize murder and rape then !, 
  of course it exists . 
  to war then !, 
  i do n't know about that , but the us certainly should use some . 
   yeah , but it 's just a statue of the virgin mary . 
  it 's just a statue of marie , no biggie then . 
   and besides , if i were the government i 'd also want a statue of statue of satan to be placed next to it as part of laicite . 
  that 's absolutely not what it means . 
  no religion is recognized or financed by the state . 
  none . 
  if you want to worship god , satan , or santa claus that 's your business , not the state 's . 
  but french secularism sometimes works too much as anti-religion . 
  such as ? 
   and does n't even have positive effects because that does n't makes french more free from bigotry and reactionaries . 
  unfortunatly , we do seem to be regressing on that front ... 
  if you do that mate , i 'll cook you an emu a la sauce blanche !, 
  you must be drinking too much mass wine . 
  christianism very much produced opression and laws throughout history . 
  and here the problem is municipal funding , the public should n't pay for a particular religion . 
  and i do n't like the rest of the world non-secularism :-) but seriously , the problem here seems to be municipal funding . 
  and you are very much allowed to show your beliefs in public . 
  the burqa is forbidden because it hides your face . 
  but the veil , a cross , kippa , turban etc is fine . 
  yeah ... 
  cause islam was such a problem in 1905 ... fyi many churches are maintained by the state for cultural , artistic reasons the problem here seems to come from municipal funding . 
   the beating will continue until ~ ~ morale improves ~ ~ french and german banks do n't risk collapsing . 
  ftfy . 
  the yemenites are thrilled ... 
  are you here to fuck spiders cuntmate ? 
  you made a reasoned argument against an one line idiocy . 
  answering dumbness with intelligence . 
  bravo . 
  seems to me , the third option is the ... less worse , less unrealistic one ... 
  assuming trump does n't scrap the iran deal ( will he ?
