  take the kid and do the best they can . 
   take the risk that the child may be proven illegal during the year , losing any state money for him , or simply refuse them a place ? 
  the money is n't lost if the kid benefited from it . 
  have fun baby troll :-), 
  and education is an investment . 
   the ignorance in the comments of this subreddit is staggering . 
  even from reading the original article , unclear as though it may be , the only logical conclusion is that she means non-french citizens . 
  yes . 
   this is a very rational decision if you want to make it less attractive for foreigners to move to your country to leech on your welfare ( limit said welfare for illegal immigrants ) . 
  not really , that 's not why they come . 
   instead they deem this proposal as `` evil '' and post emotional drivel about how this will limit `` integration '' or as possibly illegal . 
   the alternative is that the frequenters of this subreddit ca n't fathom that a reality can exist wherein a european country does n't import hundreds of thousands of welfare immigrants every year ; that they actually managed to understand the article but are so brainwashed by multiculturalism that they have forgot all sense of self-preservation . 
  i 'm not sure which of these scenarios is the least appalling . 
  i doubt illegals who took the trouble to leave their home country with great risk for their lives , paying or getting indebted for the travel , would just go back . 
  and i must confess i do n't really get your point . 
  that may be so , but it 's still wrong and he was n't the only one claiming this in the thread and it seems confusion is n't needed on this subject or in these times , would n't you agree ? 
  i read 3 comments , you 're perfectly right . 
   ids are mandatory in france . 
  no they 're not . 
   everyone has always one on himself this is ridiculous . 
  the procedures you reference does not include presence in the public space , nor an identity control . 
  police may detain you 4h if they can not establish your identity on the spot . 
  may = / = will . 
  it 's not mandatory to carry an id . 
  lpt : not admitting you are wrong is admitting you 're bullshitting on purpose . 
  or that you 're being childish . 
  we come back to my argument that the state is the warden of rights , it 's its duty to enforce it . 
  security is a right , as a citizen you 're not expected to personally pay the police for example . 
  the national community makes a contribution in proportion to its wealth ( in theory at least ) and the state provides to all . 
  and in that case , the illegal status is irrelevant because the right to school , just like the right to live , is a fundamental right . 
  that 's debatable , i actually do n't think so , it does n't say right to school for those who can afford it . 
  and the spirit of the law seems to be as protective for children as possible . 
  regardless of the treaty legal intricacies , i stand by what i said concerning the french republic . 
  if someone does n't have the means to pay , the right does n't disappear . 
  so the right must be provided one way or the other , or it 's violated . 
  france signed and ratified the rights of children convention . 
  treaties are * above * constitutions legally speaking . 
  and the republic is the warden of rights . 
  i think it does . 
  though i 'm not a lawyer . 
  in any case , it 's fondamentally anti-republican ( as in french republic ) to deny education to children , you know , universalism , les lumieres , emancipation of man and all . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean-marie_le_pen ), 
  maybe . 
  but being the leader of an historically far-right , anti-semitic , xenophobe , racist , hard catholic , fascist , neo-nazi party does . 
  sad that this is the most rational comment of the thread . 
  illegals pay taxes too . 
  at the very least vat which is half of the state budget , you know , peanuts . 
  arguably justified in this case . 
  probably because it make things simpler . 
  well tbf , police can detain you 4h if they ca n't establish your identity on the spot . 
  still ... can do n't mean will . 
  as a lambda white guy , it never happened to me . 
  experiences may vary . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm not a fan of football . 
  and regardless of what i think about sarko ( i hate him ) , he had a lot of influence . 
  sure he won the world cup but so what ? 
  what 's left of it ? 
  war never stopped in north africa though and they participated in the liberation . 
  the french from the colonies paid a heavy price in both world wars . 
  i would n't quote zidane though ... 
  fn is brigading to bullshit . 
  yes . 
  and i bet they 've been getting rusty . 
  even better . 
  it 's never been the case . 
  well you have your answer . 
  that 's what happens when kids do n't get education and do n't become functionning members of society . 
  which is still bullshit . 
  i 'm not attacking you in any way fellow french :-) and everyone is responsible for their actions . 
  but bear in mind , war in at the time indochina was made by an expeditionnary corps , that is , volunteers . 
  and far away from mainland . 
  algeria was fought by the regular army , that is , the general population . 
  so a lot of violence , more widely touching french society , close to home , returning settlers , torture ... with a lot of hate left over on both sides . 
  more complicated . 
  so * some * people :-), 
  11yo in 39 . 
  but he tortured in algeria , and a genuine nazi nostalgic . 
  unicef and the rights of children convention . 
  ratified by everyone except the us and somalia . 
  excerpt : 4 fondamentals principles 1 . 
  non-discrimination 2 . 
  superior interest of the child 3 . 
  the right to live , survive and thrive 4 . 
  respect of his opinions one of the 54 articles : the right to school . 
  u/reconciliati0n visiblement pas signee par la soralie non plus :-) u/harbo, 
  that 's very debatable . 
  they 're far right with ties to hard catholics . 
  and the founder of the fn ~ ~ was ~ ~ is a neo nazi . 
  although you 're right about french and liberalism , you 're wrong on that because : 1 . 
  fillon wants to not replace one on two retiring public employees , not fire them ( which is impossible anyway ) 2 . 
  a lot of them very much despise lepen . 
  same remark to u/apple _ kicks and u/tack50, 
  u/apple _ kicks : bullshit . 
  you are not required to carry an id . 
  that is irrelevant . 
  children have inalienable rights , including education so the legality or illegality of their parent 's situation is of no concern . 
  no the names he gave are full fledged cities . 
  but they are in paris suburbs . 
  and they 're rather ( relatively ) poor and violent .
