  they already have it , but yes it would be nice if they signed the npt . 
  if you 're looking for a moral reason , there is n't because morality is usually absent from geopolitics . 
  that being said : 1 - ideally no one would have it , realistically the less have it , the better . 
  2 - iran is an islamist theocracy and i 'm glad they do n't have it . 
  the `` stop your nuclear program and we 'll stop the sanctions '' deal . 
   we have said * so many times * that we want to keep trade as close as possible while leaving the single market . 
    i do n't know where this `` stay in the single market but end freedom of movement '' myth comes from . 
  from the leave campaign or at least farage , probably ? 
   what the public thinks doesnt mean shit . 
  they dont know the ramifications . 
  so like the people who voted `` leave '' ? 
   i dont think youll be more worse off but youll still get damage from brexit if a mutual agreement isnt made . 
  less than the uk though . 
  this deal really , really needs to hold . 
  not at all , kid . 
  low quality shitpost . 
  that was fast , thank you very much !, 
  reported this low quality troll nutjob content . 
  stay on the_dolan little pede . 
  it all comes down to whether they think that regaining their sovereignty is worth the mainly economic ( but not limited to ) cost or not . 
  i think the economic cost will not be negligible and that regaining sovereignty does n't mean much , so it 's not worth it but it 's not like i 'm an expert . 
  i hope we have a soft-brexit because imho it 's the least bad option for everyone . 
  and it 'd be hilarious . 
  you 're an idiot kid . 
  but there 's fluoride . 
  that 's why i only drink alcohol . 
  it 's common sense to not go in a maze without preparation . 
   people are free to drink sodas or sports drinks . 
  so obesity , diabetes and heart attack , a fine choice . 
   water is mostly for showering and flushing the toilet . 
  except that people pay for drinkable water . 
  instead it 's leaded and flammable . 
  come one dude , what are you trying to do here ? 
  no you give them saturnism . 
  no idea , but i do know that this is n't the usa . 
  you ca n't sue for lack of common sense . 
  i did , it was a waste of time . 
  farage is irrelevant anyway . 
  i do n't . 
  but i get your point . 
  yes he works tirelessly . 
  but it 's easy when you can walk on water . 
   eu has its own national anthem . 
   eu has its own flag , which you can see in every nation part of eu . 
   eu has its own currency which they want everyone to join . 
   if your country is part of eu , you can get citizenship in every country which is also part of eu . 
  this is irrelevant . 
  ue has some attributes of a federation butbis too weak to be called one . 
   this is bad because turkey will soon join , even before erdogan 's shit show , that was not gon na happen . 
  any country can veto this , do you really think that now that erdogan had gone full sultan even one country would accept that ? 
   and that means we are going to see a whole lot of terrorist attacks , because turks are muslims , and muslims are terrorists no . 
  * some * muslims are terrorists , most are n't . 
   denmark has lost 7 billion kr ( 94.121.472,66 euro ) . 
   denmark does not need to be in eu , because we are the biggest providers of green energy , and northern germany , sweden and poland needs our energy , no one else can provide it . 
  not much to do with eu . 
   and no , i can not just found a party , because eu does n't let you leave . 
  really ? 
   please watch this and understand  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnj05nfm-4y , 
   eu is trying to create use united states of europe , not really , no . 
  unfortunately imho . 
   this is bad , really bad . 
  why would that be bad ? 
   and eu is just a money machine for belgium , germany and france , net contributors . 
   no one else is profitting from this , not true at all . 
   i am danish , and i want to be independant , agree or disagree that 's your right , just do as u/fluchtpunkt suggested . 
  you have to be kidding me . 
  dude , you 're a troll or you 're * way * out of your mind . 
  thanks for your answers !, 
  i thought the difference between sea and lake was the presence of salt . 
  and a lake would be formed from say melting ice in the mountain , while a closed sea is cut off from the ocean by the continent 's motion . 
  there are closed seas though . 
  ca n't tell if troll , because afaik we flush like everyone . 
  yes but they do n't know it ;-), 
  sure , why not ? 
   `` president vladimir putin has not yet announced whether he will run in the vote . '', 
  he does n't need to . 
   besides , being part eu does n't mean buying french weapons . 
  yes it does !, 
  first line :  `` emmanuel macron has compared donald trump to vladimir putin and recep tayyip erdogan , saying they all see international relationships as a balance of power . '', 
  that 's not what they said . 
  they said the hacking of macron 's mail was low tech and anyone could have done it . 
  you 're very welcome , would do it again :-) just hope you get your shit together for the midterms and next potus election . 
  the us is a fubar european project :-), 
  at the very beginning yes . 
  the civil war started without us though . 
  and we ca n't know wether they 'd be better or worse off . 
  not that i approve the intervention . 
  sarkozy did . 
  possibly to cover the fact that he took money from kadafi to illegaly finance his campaign . 
  probably one of the worst thing that france did since ... ( not doing anything to stop ) rwanda ? 
  username checks out . 
  but the far right spread it . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
   i can tell one thing they missed though . 
  you would n't use the world `` recall '' like that . 
  i missed it too . 
  should be point out/stress out . 
  you again ? 
  go away .
