  `` mustache is evil , worse if you eat kebab '' but seriously , i suppose there are pro-kurds relay ... ? 
  negligence my ass . 
  red , white and blue yes, 
  sliced bread is shit though . 
  good point . 
   pre-erdogan turkey was ( and in some respects still is ) more progressive than some eu countries . 
  genuine question , how so ? 
   ~ ~ the capital ~ ~ istanbul is europe 's largest city . 
  the ottomans ruled a large chunk of europe for 400 years and are part of europe 's history . 
  part of europe 's history = / = part of europe . 
   secular and moderate islam from morocco to pakistan , moderate islam is n't easy to find . 
  somewhat secular countries were/are only so because of brutal repression . 
   is no different or more threatening than christianity . 
  that is to say threatening enough . 
  religions are fundamentally anti-democratic . 
   the path of that turkey chose in recent years is lamentable , but many europeans seem to think that turkey is inherently incompatible with the eu and europe , and i personally do n't believe that . 
  me neither but erdogan and his supporters do n't help . 
  have fun trolling !, 
  are you suggesting that illegal immigrants are deprived of their fundamental rights ? 
  in that case , go to the end of your logic , since they do n't have any rights , let 's just kill them , it 'll cost less . 
   there is no law french or not guaranteeing free state services to illegals . 
  it guarantees rights . 
   the sooner they get deported the better for them , they get to claim free education from their own country . 
   so you do n't like my * compassion * . 
  ok so me starving grants me the right to squat in the national assembly and demand for the food to be brought in at my convenience . 
  nice lapse and your lack thereof . 
  the national assembly , i doubt , as for a more general case , that 's a good question . 
  though , because you 're given an education which should allow you to find work , and a number of social procedures , and welfare if you do n't , it should n't come to that . 
   yes and they should have that right - in their own country . 
  `` human rights '' not `` french citizen rights '' . 
  and if they 're on france 's territory , french law applies . 
   my right not to starve to death does n't mean i get to break into your home and squat there and insist you keep the fridge full . 
  fallacious comparison , private property is also a fundamental right , illegal immigrants are violating common law not a fundamental one . 
  indeed . 
  but as stated in the comment i pinged you from , being illegal or not has no consequences on one 's inalieable rights , because by definition , they can not be nulled or taken away . 
  children 's right to education is such a right . 
  i know , you literally said so in your comment . 
  i was just correcting 201109212215 's mistake . 
  yadayadayada we socialize losses and privatize profits yadayadayada, 
  do n't listen to this cunt , we love you germany :-), 
  poor troll . 
  mama did n't gave you your tendies ? 
   indeed , i mismatched the january 11th 2015 march . 
   i edited the post and added some charlie flavor to it . 
  mistakes happens . 
   --   and are you implying that the people who marched were all neo-nazis ? 
   / u/slothvox used the nazi word in a liberal way ; meaning having a hard reaction . 
  the people who marched were not neo-nazis . 
  but i bet a large part of them are keen to go `` full-nazi '' in the voting booth . 
  meaning going for the hard candidate while still not being a neo-nazi . 
  debatable . 
   now , if you want to argue that fn is a nazi-like party , that 's another debate . 
  ( i do n't think it is , at all ) you start the debate if you give your opinion :-) i 'll just say , historically it was a neo-nazi party . 
  as of now , wether mlp truely changed that or just changed its appearance , is an open question . 
   --   that 's funny , because i do n't recall being a neo-nazi . 
   neither do i. 
  we went the same streets the same day . 
  i 'm glad we did . 
  care to point me to the constitutionnal article or treaty that says so ? 
   you say he does n't represent the country . 
  i say it triggered - by a hugely wide margin - the [ highest number of people out on the streets ] ( https://twitter.com/place_beauvau/status/554362483461586944 ) , \\ _ ever _ . 
  first the january 11th 2015 march was n't for the bataclan , it had n't happen yet . 
  it was for charlie-hebdo , who [ adores ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=charlie+hebdo+marine+le+pen ) marine lepen . 
  and are you implying that the people who marched were all neo-nazis ? 
  that 's funny , because i do n't recall being a neo-nazi . 
  i am a french redditor , and i approve this message . 
  u/sturmmantel : basically , you have sites masquerading as neutral , but filled with biaised and bullshit info . 
  worse they offer `` support '' , like hotlines , where they guilt-trip women who are in a difficult time . 
  the law does not condemn free speech or pro-life advocacy , it condemns deceiving . 
  i certainly hope we wo n't . 
  which is what the 2nd paragraph says . 
  edit : to clarify , the state is n't a company , and when you pay taxes you do n't buy a service , you contribute to the state which ( is supposed to ) enforce everyone 's rights . 
   people have a major income problem ; and adressing it with wage increases (  rise the minimal ) and/or welfare is necessary or lower rents . 
   i thought the most rational comments were the ones pointing out this entire headline was clickbait and it was about illegal immigrants , not all foreigners . 
  which does n't change anything . 
   did it stop you from posting a ton of bs which is misleading ? 
  such as ? 
  so i find it highly ironic that you now try to be the arbiter of rationality after spreading fake memes and faux outrage over a article you did n't even understand . 
  law is n't a meme . 
  immigration control is done by having agreements with transit and departure countries and a development policy . 
  not by announcing an illegal reform and pandering . 
  they certainly do n't enjoy all state services . 
  being illegal does n't mean you 're deprived of your inalieable rights , by definition . 
  honestly i do n't know . 
  i doubt it has its militia as mlp is trying to make the party look respectable . 
  but ties with more violent groups , probably . 
  also somewhat true in france . 
  possibly not probably . 
  yes and yes . 
  for illegal migrant 's children . 
  sorry then , i must be tired . 
  i do n't see your point either , what makes you think i support lepen 's idea ( s ) ? 
   it is worse - it means that you need the school to be able to ask for proof of your official status and decide what is legal or illegal . 
  how so ? 
  since they take the kid regardless ? 
   illegal immigrant look like something clear and cut case , but it is actually just a label you put on people with unclear situations , no necessarily by fault of their own . 
  yes . 
   it is also no necessarily a terminal status - you can be an illegal immigrant and get your situation cleared up . 
  for example , it is completely possible that uk citizen in france find themselves temporarily illegal while the brexit negotiation is ongoing . 
  what should a school do ?
