    that 's why i 'm personally supporting the european army so am i. 
   and closer ties with europe but western europe is not making my argument easier on the `` will '' part . 
  i do n't know , ukraine is n't eu but there were sanctions still . 
  and i ca n't imagine russia setting foot in poland without a full reaction , that would be the end of eu , not to mention self-interest , if poland is taken , why would vlad stop there ? 
   from what i gather of the current us policy is that any will trump has about russia has been overwhelmed by the washington establishment that is traditionally anti russian . 
  the gop seems to still support trump . 
    though it 's a double edged sword . 
    sure the distrust goes both ways and nobody is wiling to compromise it 's own security for their allies . 
  we need to fight for it . 
  true . 
  but i meant russia 's gas , we depend on it , but conversely , russia depends on selling it to us . 
  though they 're not dumb and i think they 're trying to diversify they buyers as well ( china ) . 
  ns2 does n't mean we will do nothing , it means we is not forced to act which is different . 
  but yes , never doing anything will push ee to russia . 
  which i completly disagree with . 
   half of europe went to iraq . 
  [ uk and poland ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_invasion_of_iraq ) . 
   and poland only chooses the us because it 's more dependable ( if only because they have nothing to loose in punishing russia ) . 
  i get why , but the eu does have a mutual defense clause , its top military powers could stop russia ( assuming good coordination and will ) and with/after trump nato is unclear . 
   from a security point :   * energy union is not anywhere in sight , germany increases it 's dependence on russian gas instead of diversifying yes that sucks . 
  though it 's a double edged sword . 
   * france is still selling advanced optics to russia https://euobserver.com/investigations/129953 i 'm not saying selling weapons to russia was a good idea to begin with . 
  well to putin anyway . 
   the helicopter deal was criminal though , one of the guys responsible for the cancellation was fucking lobbyist for boeing , he even escaped from poland to the us . 
   which is already in place when it comes to russian gas supplies . 
  a lng terminal is more costly/complex/dangerous than a gasoduc . 
   instead of throwing down money to putin oligarchs for ns2 it would be nice if that money would be thrown to pipelines to different suppliers like azerbaijan . 
  oh , right , germany nukes that project a decade ago . 
  makes you wonder why , unless it does n't . 
  [ does n't seem like germany decided this , more like russia did its thing ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nabucco_pipeline )  and so much for those 2014/5 proclamations from oettinger and others about how eu must diversify its gas supplies . 
  seems it 's from 2011 . 
  well yeah that sucks , i do n't know . 
  i 'm guessing a mix of geopolitical and money reasons . 
  iraq war or the weapons deal in general . 
  debatable actually . 
  burning gas is indeed cleaner , however gas infrastructure tend to leak . 
  and methane has a greening effect ~ ~ 400x ~ ~ 28x more potent than co2 . 
  as i recall anyway , feel free to google and correct me . 
  that for example . 
  or orban . 
  or poland choosing the us over the eu everytime . 
  it 's russia 's hostility that 's forcing this choice , not the eu . 
  and it 's not about bending the knee , it 's about the fact that if you join an union , you accept its rules . 
   he gave his argument why it is bad for eu   `` this would not only mean higher prices in central and eastern europe . 
  it would also allow gazprom to turn off the gas tap for these countries , without breaking its commitments to western european countries . '', 
  so it 's a pain for * eastern * europe . 
   article is titled as ** `` nord stream 2 means gains for germany but pain for europe '' **  so he did n't `` switched '' , he gave argument why it is a pain for europe . 
    it is pain for eastern european countries regardless of whether they are members of your club or not . 
  i started by saying i 'm not necessarily for ns2 . 
  i certainly do n't think we should abandon ee to uncle vlad . 
  i 'm saying the article made the wrong case talking about energy transition and economy , it 's a geopolitical issue . 
  also , i do n't think that this means we will actually abandon ee and is more a reaction to some countrie 's attitude . 
  i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  importing gas is not just ordering more boats , you also need a * costly , complex * infrastructure that also takes time to build . 
  i do n't think that 's it . 
  i think it 's more we reminding ee that they have a choice between eu and russia . 
  if they choose the eu , they should act like it . 
   not saying i 'm in favor of ns2 and it 's obvious that the point is to decouple we and ee wrt russia oil and gas go through ee . 
  russia wants to put pressure on ee so they cut it , but doing so , they also cut it for we , forcing it to intervene . 
  ns2 allows russia to cut oil and gas to ee without cutting it for we . 
  from we it 's good because they 're do n't have to intervene unless they want to , and it 's good for russia because it 's less likely that we intervenes . 
  it 's bad for ee because they 're left alone ( to a point ) with putin . 
  and yes , that 's a given , companies are in it for profit . 
  i was just pointing out that he said it 's bad for eu , gave no argument and switched to ukraine . 
   nord stream 2 means gains for germany but pain for * eastern * europe not saying i 'm in favor of ns2 and it 's obvious that the point is to decouple we and ee wrt russia but the article makes no real case  so , nord stream 2 looks like a project where gazprom and the german gas industry do well at the expense of other central and eastern europeans . 
  this undertaking might be profitable for the participating companies , that 's obvious . 
   but the effects for the eu as a whole could be negative . 
  what is more , what do you mean `` more '' , you just said it 's negative for the eu , based on what ? 
   there could also be political consequences if gazprom achieves unfettered power on the markets in parts of eastern europe . 
  especially for ukraine , the need to negotiate gas provision directly with moscow again could have consequences that go far beyond commercial disadvantages . 
  nord stream 2 could seriously endanger the energy security and geopolitical situation of ukraine . 
  certainly true . 
  ukraine is n't part of the eu though . 
   nord stream 2 will also not make it any easier to convince countries like poland or slovakia of the advantages of a common european energy policy . 
  but germany needs this cooperation . 
  if central and eastern european countries walk away from the fight against climate change , this could slow down the entire european energy transition . 
  going green would both help alleviating mmcc and dependancy to russia , so ...  the cost of energy in germany would also increase if it were not possible to sell excess energy to neighbours and use their electricity networks . 
  so you say , but even if that 's true , i 'm going to guess they can afford it and made the choice knowingly . 
   nord stream 2 will lead to reduced revenues and high gas acquisition costs in germany 's partner countries to the east . 
  and this would make cooperation on energy issues within the eu more difficult . 
  that is not in the german interest . 
  thus , in balance , the long-term disadvantages of building nord stream 2 outweigh the short-term commercial advantages . 
  except ns2 is n't about short-term commercial advantages . 
  thanks . 
  this looks like the work of the_dolan ? 
  a few days for a pizza ? 
  the mistral were about ukraine though , and it made sense . 
  why not kelvin ? 
  thanks !, 
  is it that offensive ? 
  if you find out , please do tell . 
  i did say * ideally * no one would have them , but i disagree because the more countries have it , the more chances of some falling in terrorists hands and the more chances of `` accidental '' launches . 
  afaik there 2 , now public , occasions where it really came close , one was during the cuba crisis , a mine exploded near a russian sub and the captain wanted to punch it but did n't because another officer opposed it . 
  the other time was when russian surveillance detected what they thought * could be * launches and the officer in charge did n't push the button . 
  ( thank you stanislav petrov ! ), 
  so no , i think the less countries , the less nukes , the better . 
  i love bilal . 
  no the better for everyone , but yes it favors those who have it . 
  signing the npt does n't force you to dismantle . 
  btw i like your username,
