  that 's right , putin . 
   and why did putin want to separate france and germany from the uk and us ? 
  [ to divide nato , ] ( http://mobile.nytimes.com/2008/04/03/world/europe/03nato.html ) of course . 
  to undermine our alliance . 
  that 's always been the goal , before 1991 and after . 
  yes , except this time , you did n't need anyone . 
    ok . chirac was n't left-wing and one could argue schroder was n't either . 
   schr\u00f6der 's party is a member of the socialist international . 
  yes , which why i did n't say he was n't left-wing . 
  but his policies could be considered a bit right-ish . 
   and you see what i mean ? 
  the left is still convinced that putin just no . 
   was right and that france and germany were right to side with him . 
  we did n't side with putin because he was right , we refused to side with you because bush was wrong , get the difference ? 
  i do n't know which windmill you 're attacking but it ai n't mine . 
  gab too much clay . 
  my sincerest apologies , and my sympathy to their loved ones . 
  i do n't get it , russia notwithstanding , why attack assad , who is also at war with the kurds ? 
   yet it 's you who is suggesting something not based on any scientific studies i acknowledged the lack of gmos toxicity proof . 
  and the rest is factual as well . 
   but because what might happen in the future in somewhat horror scenarios that are very effective to scare people but not really based on anything . 
  the horror scenarios you speak of are in your head pal , i defy you to quote me saying gmos will kill us all or anything like that ...  it 's not far from the methods used by religious groups . 
  dude have you eaten your russian this morning ? 
  cause you 're weird when you 're hungry ... 
   meanwhile , he goes on far-left american media like democracy now and uses european leftists like [ stop the war ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/stop-the-war-linked-to-putin-puppets-s6fdwq968 ) as his tools . 
  it 's not like he can only manipulate one side of politics or the other . 
  but the `` anti-imperialist '' left have always been his most useful idiots . 
  soviet russia 's sure . 
  putin 's ? 
  not so sure . 
   how many people in france even remember that it was putin in 2003 who used his veto to block un authorization for iraq , and got chirac and schr\u00f6der to join him ? 
  same with [ ukraine and georgia . 
  ] ( http://mobile.nytimes.com/2008/04/03/world/europe/03nato.html ) it 's the left wing who 's been with him the longest . 
  ok . chirac was n't left-wing and one could argue schroder was n't either . 
  as for iraq , it has nothing to do with putin , the whole world knew wmds and saddam/ben laden was bullshit , uk went because special relationship yadayadayada and eastern europe went to be cool with the us because they fear russia . 
  boy am i glad chirac told you this was a shitty mistake , he did at least one thing right ... 
    nope . 
  while afaik no gmo is proven toxic , every ge plant is different , even if you prove one is n't toxic in any way , it does n't say anything about other/future ge products . 
   is n't this true for every `` natural '' plant too ? 
  should we ban those too beforehand ? 
  i ca n't handle this level of nonsensical sarcasm ... 
   i think the biggest enemy of the palestinian people are the foreign people who stole their land by force within living memory . 
  but muh oly book !, 
  yes they 're arrogant . 
  but we ca n't be mad at them !, 
  between william the conqueror and 30 % of english that comes from french , we can privatly admit that englishmen are inbred bastardized french ... do n't tell anyone ... 
   this is a misunderstanding . 
  they still focus mainly on leftists and their goal is the same as it 's always been : to discredit , undermine , destabilize and divide the west , and especially nato . 
  in the us , trump and his voters make the most headlines , but the polls consistently show that democratic voters are less supportive of nato than republican voters . 
  it 's still the left that constitute the bulk of russia 's useful idiots . 
  nope . 
  putin is financing the far right parties all over europe for one ( and some far left too , but there are less and they 're less powerful ) . 
  and two , putin says the west has become a cesspool of womanly castrated pedo-gays sucking muslim cock . 
  not very left-ish , ai n't it ? 
  i 'm not qualified to judge the scientific validity of this paper , and at first glance the meta-analysis does n't seem biased . 
  that being said qaim seem to be pro-gmo , so i 'll take your point , with a grain of salt . 
   they 're quite literally by self-proclamation a jewish state . 
  and quite literally by self-proclamation , france is the state of universal human rights . 
  does n't make it an absolute truth . 
   this is the same nonsense as `` i do n't hate muslims i only hate islam '' . 
  nope . 
  go to r/exmuslims  this is n't actually how the world works . 
  just a silly distinction that people can come up with to spout ignorant crap . 
  there are atheists jews you know ? 
  some of them even disagree with israel politics ...  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_state, 
  found the bayer employee :-), 
   that 's your right , so do n't buy gmo products , it 's your choice , there are alternatives available . 
  but no , you do n't have a right to have products labelled just because you dislike a certain company or system , not unless it is unsafe . 
  how are we supposed to choose if it 's not labeled ? 
  as for the right , your claim makes no sense , the elected legislator is supposed to legislate in his people interests . 
   they did pass a law , but it was quite watered down iirc and was done mainly to stop states passing more stringent requirements . 
   also read the link i posted in the previous post . 
  what 's even more criminal is that these anti-gmo groups often push for these crops to be banned abroad too , where it literally will cost lives . 
  the us and europe can afford to pay a little more , but many poorer countries ca n't , and stand to benefit the most from gmos . 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  gmos yields are n't clearly superior . 
  also we could feed everyone ( [ 10b some say ] ( http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/1463429 ) ), 
    calling for boycott of israel is illegal in france  if public was aware of this , that would generate an outrage . 
  the public opinion is a goldfish . 
  or calves according to de gaulles . 
   this has nothing to do with cheap or not labour . 
  the rationale was `` produced in a territory whose authority is not recognized '' like settlements are not recognized as part of israel , crimea is not recognized as part of russia so france must require all russian imports to specify whether they are made in crimea or not . 
  it 's an eu directive . 
  as i already said , fine by me . 
  the west has enacted sanctions against russia , which is quite another level over this . 
   and if you really believe that hurting businesses does not hurt people you must be living in a dream world especially since most of these are small and medium enterprises . 
  the sanctions against russia have hurt a lot of people , including in france but it was necessary . 
  now this is just labeling accurately a geographic origin , and the point is that these companies * should not * be there in the first place . 
   no , more information is not always good . 
  maybe . 
   the gmo scare is absolutely ridiculous nope . 
  while afaik no gmo is proven toxic , every ge plant is different , even if you prove one is n't toxic in any way , it does n't say anything about other/future ge products . 
  and there is more to gmo than health issues . 
   and puts perfectly healthy products at a disadvantage . 
  what if a white supremacist community in the us decides to label food produced by african americans , is that good just because it 's more information ? 
  it 's geographic labeling , not ethnic or religious or whatever . 
   labels exist to point out objective , material health issues . 
  they 're not playground for tribalism or any other nonsense . 
  international laws have little to do with tribalism . 
   seriously , i 'm not on anyone 's side in that conflict , but if france it 's an eu directive  is so concerned about oppressed people then when will it start labeling products from muslim myanmar doubt there 's any product to label , and eu did condemn the treatment of the rohingya  or kurdish turkey because if we piss off erdogan , he 'll let the refugees go .
