  while in these camps ( funded with redirected european foreign aid budgets ) sort through and deport all false refugees and send the truly vulnerable in small numbers to eu countries that * want * to resettle them permanently once they 've been vetted . 
  point 3 . 
   if there 's to be any deal with a country like turkey or libya , pay them to actually take refugees and not just swap one kind of refugee for another . 
  europe is n't getting its money 's worth with this deal . 
  point 3 . 
  that depends on the countries goodwill . 
   stop deported migrants from returning with something called ` borders ' . 
  take a look at these borders . 
  especially greek and italian 's one . 
   the appeal of europe to these economic migrants will quickly fade once word spreads that they are being sent back , that they are n't reaching the european homeland , that they are n't getting houses and money simply for arriving without credentials . 
  point 5 . 
   there is an endlessly multiplying population of potential refugees , we ca n't accept even a fraction of them if we want to remain ` europe ' and not resemble south africa . 
  so the only long term solution is development . 
  fertility rates always declined with development , all around the world . 
  point 5 . 
  trump has n't done shit , net migration from mexico was net negative before him . 
  also you might notice that the us and europe are n't in the same place at all . 
  i also acknowledged that , and that still does n't answer the question . 
  see my top comment . 
  but that 's still not the question . 
  they 're coming ** whether we like it or not ** ( and btw , climate change will amplify that ) . 
  so the question is how do we deal with that ? 
  i listed the options i could think of the top of my head , if you see others , i 'm listening . 
   i 'm not suggesting we bomb turkey or are aggressive with the country , but the situation with the turkey resembles an extortion racket or blackmail . 
  because that 's what it is . 
   eu nations should n't need to pay turkey tribute for a weak deal that does n't even reduce the actual number of refugees coming into europe . 
  economic aid to turkey is being doubled just to swap greek island refugees with ` approved ' syrian refugees currently in turkey . 
  you say should n't , but why would turkey take people they do n't want or need ? 
  especially with erdogan who is n't exactly friendly . 
   we could filter/reject these refugees ourselves without caving into the demands of an unpredictable turkey . 
  and send them where ? 
  and what prevent them from coming back ? 
  that does n't answer the question , what do we do with them ? 
  e : [ you can find studies that say otherwise ] ( https://www.oecd.org/migration/oecd%20migration%20policy%20debates%20numero%202.pdf ) , although , if i had to say , it 's probably not that clear and certainly not b & w. 
  turkey is still part of nato . 
  have you heard about iraq ? 
  the problem is n't the war , the problem is the `` peace '' that comes next . 
  should we occupy libya ? 
  because that 's a dumb idea . 
  poorly worded but the argument remains :  he told the house of lords committee migration was a `` crucial dynamic for economic growth '' in some eu nations `` however difficult it may be to explain this to the citizens of those states '' . 
   an ageing or declining native population in countries like germany or southern eu states was the `` key argument and , i hesitate to the use word because people have attacked it , for the development of multicultural states '' , he added . 
  [ fertility rate below 2 means decreasing population ] ( https://m.imgur.com/ezaiuzq ), 
  read my answer . 
  i mean migrations have always been part of human history , but yeah , better invent crazy conspiracies . 
  his ass . 
  for one there are moral , humanitarian and legal reasons . 
  and two is pragmatic reasons : 1-you can stop the flow at the source with development and stability . 
  we do n't really do that , and it 's not always possible ( e.g war , corruption ) . 
  2-you can slaughter everyone coming your way . 
  not cool . 
  and at some point someone will want to slaughter you . 
  3-you can ask of a third party to take these people , but that 's not free and the third party will use them as a bargaining chip possibly in a neverending blackmail , see turkey/erdogan . 
  it could also end up destabilizing the third party and you 're back to square one . 
  4-you can integrate them , so they become part of society . 
  5-you can send them back , but it wo n't stop people from coming , so it 's sisyphus and his rock . 
  the only way is to stop it at the source , and to do that , you need development and stability . 
  you do n't need to kick us out , you can just leave eu , this is n't the ussr . 
  true , this article is misleading . 
  which happens to be the summed iq of t_d . 
  i read the article , which is short , and the reuters article used as source :  poland issued 2,783 work permits for north koreans between 2008 and 2015 , according to leidenasiacentre which has linked 32 polish companies to their employment . 
   glendinning said poland stopped issuing new visas for north korean workers this year ( this was 2016 ), 
  poland and hungary as a whole , probably not . 
  orban , probably yes . 
  i said there are problems . 
  and yes orban and pis are n't exactly a model of eu 's values . 
  ok there are problems with orban and pis , but saying the whole ee betrayed the eu , err , is a bit of a stretch . 
  he 's flaming too much , like with trump . 
  i mean it 's good to be voluntary but being ( too ) agressive wo n't help . 
  stuffed obviously , if not , it 's a tartine . 
  ho come on , it was just an easy tease . 
  no , that 's a casus belli . 
  so like the f35 ? 
  my favorite comment :  after a hard day of stealing blue milk from kids and running through fields of wheat glumbucket was shocked to find out lord buckethead was her father . 
  noooooooooooooo !, 
   so you think that building this pipeline has a lot to do with european solidarity and common energy policies ? 
  because if i look at that , building it around baltic countries removes one of the very good reasons to help them in case of russian invasion . 
  see my other comments for my pov . 
   and sorry to say that but i 'm sure that if russia decided to sent some troops to our borders or the fabled `` green man '' ( not sure if you know what i mean so as a quick explanation those were russian soldiers pretending to be ukrainian separatist ) of course i know the little green men . 
  that does n't count , they 're just on hollydays ^ ( / s )  i 'm quite positive germany and we would do fuck all just as it happened with ukraine . 
  except ukraine is n't in the eu , which means at least that we do n't have a * legal * obligation to help them . 
  yet there are sanctions , it 's not like nothing happened . 
   our main concern is russia and france has always been in favor of cooperation with russia . 
  up to a point , see sanctions . 
   no one belives france would do a thing in case of a hypothetical conflict with russia . 
  yet we sent tanks in the baltics , which obviously is n't supposed to stop russia but to prove/force commitment . 
   german military at the moment is a joke . 
  it 's certainly smaller than it could/should be , i would n't call it a joke though . 
  yes i 'm not disputing that , ww2 was a huge fuck up on france 's part . 
  but i do n't think it 's relevant today . 
  you mean when we french and german were murdering the shit out of each other ? 
  before the ussr fall , germany reunification and eu ? 
  cause i 'm not sure that 's really relevant . 
   sorry dude but we 'd be insane to rely on france rather than the us in terms of military . 
  neither france or germany are considered reliable military allies here . 
  on what basis ? 
    uk and poland . 
    that list is just for the invasion and poland only sent our 2 special forces units then ( though to be honest they where probably more valuable then the rest of the polish commitment over the years ) that 's what mattered , the whole world knew it was bullshit , called the us on it . 
  and it 's not like it 's just a matter of principle , is was born of the conjunction of syria civil war and iraq clusterfuck . 
   in the occupation there where : spain , denmark , portugal , netherlands just from the west . 
    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multi-national_force_%e2%80%93_iraq    assuming good coordination and will ) and with/after trump nato is unclear .
