  or else . 
  oh i forgot , long live democratic turkey . '', 
  not creepy at all . 
   and i agree that erdo is bad news indeed . 
  although thing we should remember before going for `` cut-ties '' comments , leaders/governments pass , countries stay . 
  i was n't suggesting that at all , just that partnering up to develop weapons may not be the best of ideas . 
   erdogan wont be running turkey forever . 
  sure , but it 's not like he 's alone and nothing says that the direction will change after him . 
  especially after the purge . 
   ending an alliance with a country with this geopolitic importance is like the last last last step . 
  that 's not gon na happen , not anytime soon anyway . 
   countries dont run on personal feelings . 
    please be logical , not emotional . 
  i entirely agree . 
  and i have nothing against turks , turkey or muslims in general . 
  but i think it 's perfectly legitimate to raise questions towards turkey 's reliability as an ally . 
  erdogan calls us nazis , has been ambiguous with is , called turks in europe to basically be his agents , and more broadly , the direction erdogan 's turkey has taken . 
  they also told him iraq had wmds . 
  yeah does n't sound like a very good idea ... 
  the noun `` baiser '' means a kiss but the verb pretty much always means fuck now . 
  i do n't need to in answer of a rant . 
  but i do n't feel like debating the merits of democracy vs monarchy anyway . 
  actually , we invited him to honor the impeachment bill and to mock him in french . 
  it 's the litteral and nonsensical translation , yes . 
  is it supposed to look like a dick , or is it a particularly well made one ? 
  tbf steampunk can look badass . 
  nah coal is the future !, 
  but you were the colony , ca n't tag your father !, 
  i just spilled a cup of tea in the sink . 
  your move you sons of a silly person :d, 
  good , now we can kill people again . 
  yours truly , totally avoidable diseases . 
  the imf way . 
  i think trump is worrying , but that 's not my point . 
  given history , poland relation with the us makes sense , ok . my point is that it 's weird that people talk like this is the ussr , like the eu is some sort of dictatorial monster . 
  the eu is n't perfect by any means , but countries joined , can leave , you elect your meps ( which favors smaller countries ) , your government has a seat and a say etc. 
  i do n't see how we worrying becomes `` the eussr is oppressing us '' . 
  i did . 
   the refugees are largely coming by boat now . 
  europe has more than enough money , far more than australia , to bribe some struggling north african country to build a detention center to discourage immigrants . 
  tunisia , for example , has only $ 11bn in government revenues and a shortfall of about $ 1.5 bn . 
  if every european country chipped in a mere $ 392m per year , you could effectively double their budget and give them an enormous surplus . 
  problem is , they come from lybia which a failed state , or rather 2 failed states * plus * is . 
  throwing money is n't enough . 
  granted , this is on france . 
   find me a country on earth that would n't double their budget to house a few thousand economic migrants ( as australia shows , the numbers plummet after it becomes obvious nobody will make it to their destination ) see turkey . 
  refugees are used as bargaining chips . 
  most of them are . 
  for australia . 
  but europe is n't an island in the ocean . 
   okay , you clearly dont see the problem we are dealing with and how this will be only worse in the future . 
  on the contrary , and climate change will make it much worse , and yes africa 's population will grow a lot . 
  so we need development , they 'll be less likely to leave and it lowers fertility rates . 
  but that 's not easy . 
   we already have super overpopulated continent , and with your solution , we are actualy obligated to accept everyone who think that europe will bring better future for him . 
  that 's not what i meant , although yes we ca n't do without some level of integration . 
  ( and btw , a lot of africans have internet , not ftth obviously , but via phones and cybercafes ) . 
  alright , i take your point :  experts have told us that trump 's rhetoric has played a role in deterring illegal immigration , perhaps more so than his newly issued policies , which may take longer to implement on the ground . 
  but :  it 's worth noting that apprehension rates have been declining since the recession , and significantly so since their peak of 1.6 million in 2000 . 
   aside from policies and enforcement in the united states , factors in mexico have contributed to lower apprehension numbers , mittelstadt said , among them : lower birth rates , increased educational levels and an improved economy . 
   border patrol apprehensions at the u.s.-mexico border declined 60 percent from november 2016 to february 2017 , but immigration experts caution against assuming that declines have been a sole result of trump 's policies . 
   `` it is almost always necessary to look at trends over a longer period , usually at least six months , to get a better sense of changes , '' said denise gilman , a clinical professor and director of the immigration clinic at the university of texas school of law . 
  `` it seems likely that the numbers of border crossers will go back up again before long given that the human rights situation in central america is still incredibly problematic , and central american asylum seekers are one of the main sources of migration in recent years . '', 
  so trump was true , but how much is due to him , and whether this will last is unclear . 
    they 're risking a lot , their lives included to come here   maybe if we make the risk a lot greater they 'll stop coming ? 
  meaning what ? 
  slaughtering them ? 
   i know this might be an idea foreign to you , but once upon a time countries actually defended their borders , and there were consequences for breaking the law . 
  it 's not foreign at all . 
  but obviously i want people to be treated humanly , and enforcing borders is neither a simple feat nor a cheap one . 
   who cares anyway , this downwards spiral ca n't just go on forever , and it 's going to happen . 
  the more come the more will lose at the ~ ~ russ - ~ ~ european roulette . 
  which is why we should work on development . 
  sure but it 's not an ocean either , those who are lucky can pass on shitty boats . 
  and there 's also land routes . 
  libya is a failed state . 
  influence wo n't do anything . 
  if they ca n't , they ca n't . 
  they have is on their hands . 
   i was replying to the oecd study . 
  i do n't find much , if any disagreement , with your original post . 
    other than :    5-you can send them back , but it wo n't stop people from coming , so it 's sisyphus and his rock . 
    taking a harder stance on immigration creates a sharp decrease in arrivals ( eg : see recent u.s. election and the sharp decline in illegal crossings at the border ) . 
  mexican immigration was net negative before trump . 
  also most of it was n't illegal passing , but illegal * staying * after visa expired . 
  trump and his wall are moot . 
   i also do n't think border security is a sisyphean task , per se . 
  you 're never going to achieve an impermeable border ( unrealistic ) , but you can get reasonable results . 
  look at italy and greece borders . 
  and it costs money . 
  imho development is the only viable ( and cost effective ) option long term . 
   people will stop comming if they see that we will not accept them . 
  doubtful . 
  they 're risking a lot , their lives included to come here , they 're not leaving for no reason , and even if we 're tough on immigration , where will they go ? 
  europe will still be the most attractive place for africa/me . 
  because we 're not an island in the middle of the ocean . 
   there 's little to be done about the refugees already in europe , but the solution is simple . 
  ho really ? 
   stop essentially collecting refugees and bringing them from the libyan coast to italy , end the involvement of non-government organisations , point 2 by inaction , and it wo n't stop them . 
  and send all new refugee arrivals to offshore camps away from the civilian population ready to be sent back when the crisis subsides .
