  from your point of view . 
  but in france ( maybe in western europe ) communists parties inside our democracies helped workers . 
    france and uk have enough to obliterate russia  wrong . 
  http://www.icanw.org/the-facts/nuclear-arsenals/  russia , 7000 . 
  france , 300 . 
   the united states of america is the only nation that has the theorised capacity for a decapitation/counterforce first strike , which means the ability to launch a pre-emptive nuclear attack which destroys a foreign nation 's command structures , industry , infrastructure , military and nuclear arsenal , while surviving or even denying a retaliatory attack . 
  no one does . 
  between icbms , airborne bombs and submarines , there is no effective preemptive strike . 
  also numbers do n't matter much , even 10 nukes are enough to decapitate a country . 
  not submarines though . 
   nevertheless , i do n't see trump lasting a full term . 
  we wish . 
  i would n't even be surprised if he made 2 terms . 
  it all makes sense now !, 
  i always thought it was to make a giant kebab turn ... 
   are you not aware that if a trait is found in the phoneme and environment is ruled out than a genetic cause is the only possibility ? 
  [ phoneme ? 
  ] ( https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/phoneme ) or phenome ? 
  how is the environment ruled out ? 
  you 're just talking shit . 
  that will come because it makes a lot of sense to travel further . 
  but at least we went on it , we sent robots to mars and voyager is out of the solar system !, 
  even admitting these are unbiaised and reliable , that says nothing about genes . 
  why ? 
  go back to r/the _ donald , and shove your [ redpill ] ( http://a876.g.akamai.net/7/876/1448/v00001/images.medscape.com/pi/features/drugdirectory/octupdate/cvs70791.jpg ) where it belongs please . 
  it 's incredible to see how far we 've come thanks to science !, 
  imagine the faces of our ancestors seeing our achievements !, 
  seriously , who would have thought a german guy could be funny ? 
  the guy with the `` use !, 
  use !, 
  use ! '', 
  flair solved that problem for you . 
  that 's why they feared the sky was falling on their heads !, 
  taranis is such a jackass ... 
  alright , i 'll let you off the hook this time , brian . 
  none , hence the question marks . 
   it fits pretty well in mnogokhodovochka i do n't speak russian could you explain please ? 
  fsb ? 
  which in both case would mean putin . 
   you can list coincidence upon coincidence about the 9/11 , or any such event really , yet the people who believe that it 's anything more are normally ridiculed as foil wearing retards , and with a good reason . 
  that 's why i 'm comparing it . 
  we 're not talking about 9/11  i mean , people believe all kinds of shit , but i 'm a little shocked to see this stated so matter of factly in a legit publication . 
  amazing . 
  on the wiki link , it 's not presented as a fact , nevertheless there are a number of elements . 
   do you really believe fsb bombed russia ? 
  i understand you might not like them , but do you believe that is what happened ? 
  i do n't * know * it of course , but yes i believe it is , because of the elements that points to it and kgb/fsb is a secret political militia basically , it exists to keep the power of the top . 
  but wether you believe it or not , the article still stands . 
  even if it was a chechen attack , putin used it to install himself in power . 
  besides i did n't post this as absolute truth , i just thought it was interesting . 
  the dead guy being a russian agent who defected and then died by polonium poisoning , but yeah coincidences are fun !, 
  [ yeah ] ( https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexandre_litvinenko ) , [ right ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_apartment_bombings ), 
  no i mean a guillotine , halifax gibbet looks like shit , you ca n't behead a royal without style now , can you ? 
  but why not a core with uk , france , germany and italy ? 
  but the eu is a great idea regardless of execution !, 
  shame the uk never wanted it ... 
  maybe we could find an agreement ? 
  i must confess that 's true . 
  o it 's been so long since you drank royal wine my beautiful guillotine ... 
  you delivered once more !, 
  i swear on my balls i could read your posts everyday !, 
  thanks again !, 
  until next time ;-) edit btw the link to venice 's post leads to rome !, 
  makes sense i guess :-), 
  we do n't . 
  we 're unhappy about our country because we expect a lot from the state , and politicians have n't delivered in a while . 
  still true though . 
  i think most french are more happy than proud of being born here . 
  thanks !, 
  i accuse you !, 
  ^ ( of being reasonable ), 
  source please ? 
  you 're right , gun violence in the us is certainly not caused by a lack of gun control . 
  but harsher gun control could help . 
  as for the terrorists , nothing to do with merkel , they were french . 
  yes but we all know that so what are you trying to say really ? 
  yep , i feel the same . 
  why are you looking at me ? 
  in all seriousness though , the blame is shared . 
    not sure ( at least ) indians farmers agree . 
   i 'm guessing you 're referring to the made-up story about gmos causing indian farmers to commit suicide en-masse ? 
  i 'll withdraw that . 
    you could try to make a reasonable argument for gmo but presenting it as a perfectly safe magic bullet is screaming bullshit . 
   i mean , it * is * perfectly safe . 
  literally 100 % of the evidence says so . 
  for current gmos and for consumption only . 
    designing gmo as a trap for farmers ( and possibly their neighbours )  what nonsense . 
  nobody is `` trapped '' by buying gm . 
  then why is monsanto acting like it has a trapped consumer base , raising prices without counterpart ? 
    funny you take pharma as an example because they spend more in marketing than in research . 
  they also artificially extend patents duration by making insignificant changes to their drugs formulas . 
   yeah , if you spent a billion dollars on a new product , you 're sure as hell going to market it to recoup that money . 
  see that 's bullshit . 
  if i make a cure for cancer , i just need to scientifically evaluate it and then it should sell on its merit . 
  no need for marketing . 
  capitalism fails miserably on vital products such as drugs , food and water . 
    we do n't need gmos for that . 
   okay , maybe not , but why limit yourself for no good reason ? 
  why take an unnecessary risk ? 
    it is n't `` overlooking issues '' .
