  yes and no . 
  i recognize the necessity of a measure of real politik whether we like it or not . 
  that being said , in mali 's case , the intervention was asked for by the legitimate government , backed by the un , and protected the population as well , so it seems ethically acceptable . 
  edit : and no , because i think eu 's soft power approach is much more reasonnable , ethical and viable long term . 
   its clear french have no problem going half way across the world to kill some brown people in a war that has nothing to do with them or their security . 
  hem , it has to do with us for a bunch of historical reasons , as for security , very close to the mali border , in tchad , is a uranium mine , you know the shit we use to produce 75 % of our electricity ? 
  so yeah edit : and france did not intervene to kill `` brown people '', 
  the_delusion , of course . 
  pravdareport.com op is paid in rubles . 
  you forgot the `` iran not getting nukes part '' . 
  also hezbollah did n't do 9/11 , nor is is shiah . 
  dropping the deal even though it works is stupid and dangerous . 
  also , you should compare rohani and ahmadinejad stances on israel . 
  it 's a matter of we do n't want iran to have nukes and the deal is working . 
  also lifting sanctions can favor moderates . 
  aka the brexit strategy . 
  krokodil . 
  not even once . 
  [ owww poor little russia , victim of evil capitalists ... ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2016/10/26/europe/russia-nuclear-missile-satan-2/index.html ), 
  yeah i know . 
  still i do n't think any rules were broken here . 
  yep , they 're the only french shipyards able to build choppers/aircraft carriers . 
  and i understand that italy is n't happy about this but hopefully they 'll find a good deal and i understand even more the concerns about china . 
  that 's not untrue i guess , although i do n't think any rules were broken in this case . 
  probably not much given that there 's a defense component , it 's less than 100m and it 's temporary . 
  with a friend like that , you do n't need enemies !, 
  thanks . 
  you do n't say ? 
  thanks . 
  that seems suspiciously reasonnable . 
  no , not yet anyway , i would n't be surprised if it were n't mentioned at all . 
  ok , thanks . 
  i 'd say it 's probably a summer camp . 
  can an american tell us how bad they 're likely to get it ? 
  that and the fact that he believed people at the eiffel tower was there for * him * ... 
  he 's a senile man-child . 
  http://www.bfmtv.com/politique/6-francais-sur-10-approuvent-l-invitation-de-trump-par-macron-au-defile-du-14-juillet-1215413.html as for those who disapprove , even if they hate macron 's guts , they know he 's not dumb enough to be buddy-buddy with trump except to use him . 
  you 're sorely mistaken . 
  macron invited him not because he likes him but because it was the right thing to do for several reasons . 
  and a lot of french approved that . 
  e : 6 on 10 did . 
  mostly conspiracy theories and christian sharia  islamic sharia . 
  cool . 
  the war in the balkans i think . 
  so until article 50 was invoked , there was no brexit , if there 's no brexit , there 's nothing to negociate . 
  last year ? 
  d'uh , article 50 was invoked march 29 . 
  i 'm wondering if it 's that myself . 
  title says this bill kicks in after brexit , so i do n't see how that changes the leaving costs . 
  i should have said may , davis and johnson , i suppose . 
  the holly torinity . 
  fair enough . 
  less than that , 
  i do n't dispute that , but willing or not , australia alone is n't going to fight off russia in europe . 
  look , we 'll see at the end of the 2 years . 
  yet the us wo n't let ukraine in nato either . 
  australia is litteraly on the other side of the globe , and russia seem to be in the white house . 
  but it 's true that we has a `` russian temptation '' . 
  well the west did take sanctions , that 's not nothing . 
   again , the uk wants to leave the single market and sign an fta . 
  well do so . 
   the failure to reach consensus may be a symptom also of the tough stance adopted by brussels what tough stance ? 
   which has still to go through the five stages of grief . 
  you 're projecting . 
   elsewhere in this comment section i cited ceta precisely to highlight that political integration and trade are separate matters d'uh ? 
   ( by the way , the actual ftas listed in that wiki article are the ones classified as such ) . 
  what ? 
  you mean like [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  and http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36083664 for the differences between single market and fta . 
  there is :  ` the four freedoms of the common market are indivisible , ' the eu grandly declares -- but this is self-evident nonsense . 
  do we seriously believe there can be no free trade in goods without also accepting the right of migrants , of varying levels of skills , to settle in one 's country and gain access to welfare ? 
  no free trade deal that the eu has negotiated with other countries makes any such demand -- and for good reason : no country would entertain it . 
  if the uk wants a fta , they can have it , without fom . 
  if the uk wants access to the single market , fom is mandatory . 
  simple . 
  sure but opposing a bill that will not concern you is weird . 
  i do n't see what uk gains from this and you antagonize eu27 before any deal is made . 
  me neither . 
  and i 'm not sure why they do n't push for eea , then they have the time to sort things out . 
  this is perfectly reasonnable if you think that the tories know they 're fucked , and plan to cancel brexit at some point , while blaming the eu , obviously . 
  or at least consider it an option . 
  if not , it makes no sense at all . 
  it really does . 
  spasiba tovarish . 
  yuo see i grew up in kapitalist pigs , always wondered where is motherland , have found it . 
  `` uk '' in my comment mostly meant government , officials , politicians and tabloids . 
  nevertheless , you as a people voted , and the leave won . 
    the eu will cherry pick what it wants   until you realise member states like malta and ireland 's economies are inexorably linked to the uk economy and any bad deal for the uk will be vetoed by them to avoid harm to their economies . 
  i think you 're mistaken on that , if there 's no deal after 2 years , uk falls out straight to wto rules regarding trade . 
  and no deal would also mean a border in ireland btw . 
  it 's not . 
  uk is screaming bloody murder because they gave themselves the short end of the stick . 
  not as stupid as your comment . 
  but russia totally is a strong , free , democratic and modern state . 
  it 's just that fidget spinners are its kryptonite . 
  `` hello citizen . 
  i am now with your loved ones . 
  vote for me . 
  love me .
