  you ca n't guarantee that a gene wo n't spread in the wild and have broad and significant consequences , can you ? 
  i just meant i misunderstood your meaning . 
  see my other comments . 
  you know it would be fun to grow plants with a fluorescent gene so we could see at the naked eye how much it spreads in the wild . 
  it seems i have n't caught your sarcasm either . 
  i was . 
  i said so in another comment . 
  my apologies if this was an honest mistake . 
  i 'm not . 
  well at least it should be labeled like in canada . 
  why is that ? 
  misplaced pedantry much ? 
    inserting a gene ( or several ) is n't inherently dangerous , we do n't necesseraly completely master it and its consequences . 
   a lot of research goes into it before it gets approved for public consumption so they a fairly good idea of what that gene does . 
    that and both pharma and food industry have a bad record of caring for consumers , why should we trust them ? 
   just because a companies do n't have best ethical compass that makes gmo 's inherently untrustworthy ? 
  are you always wary about taking medication just because it has been developed by ` big pharma ' ? 
  i never said it is inherently unhealthy . 
  [ and not always but ... ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/benfluorex )   and saying gmos opposition necesseraly comes from ignorance is pretty ignorant itself . 
   not really and it is down to mistrust . 
  it is a natural response but a misguided one and it is the reason why there are anti vaxxers . 
  health is not the only issue with gmos . 
    every major scientific body and regulatory agency in the world has reviewed the research about gmos and openly declared crop biotechnology and the foods currently available for sale to be safe . 
  gm crops are as safe -- and in the case of nutrtionally enhanced varieties , such as golden rice , healthier -- than conventional and organic crops . 
  the consensus over the health and safety is as strong as the consensus that we are undergoing human induced climate change , vaccines are beneficial and not harmful and evolution is a fact . 
  yes . 
  but one gmo being inocuitous does n't say anything about the next . 
  and even [ these reviews are n't so clear ] ( http://mobile.lemonde.fr/planete/article/2016/12/19/ogm-l-inra-pointe-une-recherche-sous-influence_5050955_3244.html ) and do n't get me wrong , i 'm not against gmo on principle . 
  mutation modifies an existing gene , but the genes do n't just map 1:1 , they influence other genes for example . 
  so a mutated gene should more or less integrate with the rest of the genome . 
  there 's also the rate at which the mutations occurs . 
  not really . 
  you sligthly change environmental pressures . 
  thanks . 
  because selective breeding is just using natural selection at our advantage , and while inserting a gene ( or several ) is n't inherently dangerous , we do n't necesseraly completely master it and its consequences . 
  that and both pharma and food industry have a bad record of caring for consumers , why should we trust them ? 
  and saying gmos opposition necesseraly comes from ignorance is pretty ignorant itself . 
  saying inserting a gene is the same as selective breeding is idiotic . 
  what does `` churkis '' mean ? 
   most people understand that it was n't the west that is responsible , the 90s are first and foremost a problem because of soviet and russian power brokers . 
  but western countries added fuel to the fire , that much is true . 
  nevertheless , the bulk of the problem was created by locals and is for the locals to solve , yes . 
   which has partially been achieved . 
  how so ? 
  i was joking anyway . 
  but i do think it was worth it , even if done for bad reasons . 
   we lost a colony . 
  you spent two decades murdering your aristocrats , killing europeans , and losing territory to us due to the cost of doing so . 
  fun times . 
  so what 's the downside ? 
  i was talking about pissing off the brits , but yeah , that too . 
  why ? 
  corruption is measureable albeit not easily . 
  and it 's not starting well . 
   well he is not entirely incorrect . 
  i did n't say he was wrong , i said he was not entirely fair . 
   there is simply no free money . 
  i have seen it first hand with my mother opening a company in 1995 . 
  when poland got into the eu she was eligible for subsidies and others arrangements in form of loans that can be applied for . 
   let 's take also infrastructure : poland gets money to build roads ( and is actually mostly , i have no doubt some of it disappears , but mostly it 's used for that ) but it will be carried out by foreign companies like strabag and others of which names i sadly i do n't remember but they been plastered on the heavy machinery along the roads . 
   lets not pretend the eu is an altruistic movement . 
  it means a business of give , take and distribute on terms , not on hand outs . 
  but on total poland has a net income from the eu . 
  which is good . 
  and that 's not entirely true , the eu is a political construct not just an economic one , and solidarity is part of it . 
   mostly the eu involvement has played a positive role in the development and i 'm grateful seeing the change that has happened for example the last 10 years because i do not trust that this would have happened without their involvement , not at this speed anyway . 
  however there has been negative side effects to . 
  small companies like local bakeries going under because they just can not compete with the reals , auchans , tesco to name a few . 
  eu is n't perfect by any means , and that particular problem happens everywhere . 
   that being said , i am disgusted with the pis and their doings . 
  the polish people have fought and resisted way too much to be going backwards and their rights restricted all over again . 
  but sadly many people are not there yet to be voting for something else . 
  i realised this quickly when i saw the pro life demonstration in the town i 'm from and the turn out as answer to the pro abortion movement . 
  people still en masse feel pis is not a threat like they forgot what damage a one party government can do . 
  i can only hope . 
   does n't matter whether readers agree or not , it 's still crap . 
  merkel is not a beacon of sanity , just of ` do nothing and see what happens ' . 
  meaning what ? 
  isis is dying , there 's a deal with turkey to stop refugees and even though it seems they fucked up , i assume the german security services are working their asses off to keep germany safe . 
  what is she supposed to do ? 
  still worth it . 
   same response from before :  which are typically only stands selling oddball antiques and the like . 
  or the rare case of someone renting a table and selling of an inherited collection or something . 
  how would you know if private citizens do n't have to report their sales ? 
   if they are in the business of selling firearms but do not register as a dealer , and thus gain the ability to conduct background checks ( which are then required ) , then they are breaking the law . 
  like murder and rape , unfortunatly , it still happens . 
   the `` gun show loophole '' is a lie because it 's to give people like you exactly the misconception that you ( i hope ) previously held . 
  there is absolutely nothing special about a gun show whatsoever that it exempts anyone from any laws . 
  there is no loophole related to gun show in any way shape or form , the idea that `` gun shows do n't conduct background checks '' is unarguably a lie , deliberately planted by this seed of manipulation . 
  let 's drop the gun show part . 
  what prevents someone to pose as a hobbyist while selling big volumes of weapons ? 
   i do n't get the point you are making . 
  you are saying people joined based on misdirection . 
  so what ? 
  does the world end or does the eu has to move forward ? 
  also , did you just assume my class ? 
  nice one . 
  but the eu was always a political project and equating it with the ussr is delusional . 
  germany is the biggest contributor to eu but not the only one , and germany 's trade surplus is n't just with poland , so your point is n't entirely fair . 
  and beside the direct eu funding , there is also the cap , private investment and polish immigrants sending money home .
