  was n't serious . 
  as for hindsight , on the military side , some french officers saw the change of game brought by armors , but the general staff did n't . 
  which is a damn shame . 
  replace nihilistic by radical , and the point stands though . 
  sure . 
  a legal one . 
  still makes no sense . 
  they pay to not have refugees themselves , not out of kindness . 
  and they 're staying away from the mess they helped to create . 
  except when he 's drunk . 
  do you really think germany is going to attack france through belgium anytime soon ? 
  maybe , although that could change once they 're gone . 
  and i was exagerating , but that 's still less ridiculous than saying we should thank them ... 
   of course the government was going to prepare before article 50 was triggered so that 's what they 're doing ? 
  funny , i could swear red , white and blue , they have no idea what the hell they 're doing ... 
  or we could hold them accountable for following the us in iraq . 
  of course he ca n't insult anyone , you 're putting poppy in his breakfast !, 
  and i think the creepy neighbor gave him beer ... you know the one who works all the time ? 
  this fucking neighborhood ... 
  what ? 
  well , maybe if you were acting like a proper parent instead of being high all the time , flanders would be a nice kid !, 
  that 's what hitler would say ... and according to wolfenstein , username checks out !, 
  that 's really nice , many thanks op !, 
  you do n't need to remind us , we fucked up big time . 
  you go back before brexit :-), 
  i want my molten salts reactor !, 
  vr and ai ? 
  do you want the matrix ? 
  because that 's how you get the matrix . 
  climate change ? 
  i only translated the part about isds/ics , it 's also shortened . 
  i 'd still say i 've earned some cheese :-) investor-state dispute settlement are ad-hoc courts created to settles a dispute between a multi-national company and a state they operate in , under an fta . 
  they 're composed of private arbitrors , usually lawyers . 
  the ceta was vetoed by wallonia , and following that , changes were made . 
  you have a group of `` permanents '' judges , mandated for 5 to 10 years , nominated by eu and canada . 
  the judges can be from canada , eu or another country as long they 're either national judges or international lawyers with recognized competency . 
  the judges are forbidden to act as lawyers in other isds cases , but allowed to pursue a private activity otherwise . 
  for each case 3 judges will be randomly picked and they can be revoqued for conflict of interest . 
  they will be paid 2000 $ / month for their disponibility and 3000 $ / day when on a case , the latter being paid by the loser . 
  there also will be the possibility of appeals , whose decisions will make jurisprudence , but appeals will be limited to law interpretetion , they wo n't be able to call new experts for example . 
  the procedure and documents of courts should almost always be made public except for `` confidential or protected cases '' . 
  the courts will use cirdi 's structure . 
  there is not specific calendar . 
  it 's a one-way jurisdiction , states ca n't sue companies . 
  it 's costly , several millions/case but brussels commited to make it more affordable to smaller companies . 
  i 'll leave [ that ] ( https://chrishernandezauthor.com/2013/07/09/working-with-the-french-army/ ) here . 
  the intervention had a 50 % public approval at the time . 
  i think you misunderestimate of the impact the iraq war . 
  netherland !, 
  your kid is bullying mine again !, 
  i do n't think the general public knows anything about the seed business , and gmos being legal in the us , the fight started there . 
  and monsanto also makes roundup which is used even by gardeners , hence they notoriety . 
  are you mad ? 
  do you want a functionning representation ? 
  because that 's how you get a functionning representation . 
  that does n't make it good magically . 
  bayer is trying to make profit just like any company . 
   what did europe gain from `` the war on terror '' or the bombing of libya ? 
  yeah , sorry but no . 
  france is actually the one who pushed hard for intervention . 
  there are very strong suspicions that then president sarkozy had kadafi killed to cover the illegal financing of his campaign , which came from lybia ... 
  i disagree , i 'm legitimately concerned about those , independent , permanent judges are a minimum . 
  yeah i knew i did n't like pence , but this is really low ... as for trump i certainly hope the gop will try to keep him grounded , but have n't they caved in ? 
  did n't ryan and mcconnell gave up ? 
  not to mention the supreme court could be his ? 
  what trump 's proposals did you support and why ? 
  partly . 
  but also dna patenting for example . 
  again also for u/bloodysneeze no reactions ? 
  feel free to call me an idiot :-) what 's your take on the trump presidency ? 
  just trying to explain why you would seem `` monstrous '' to some . 
  and do n't forget that we 've just been exposed to your election :-), 
  well , read some details , it 's indeed less than what i expected ... fuck . 
  still better than nothing i guess . 
    uncontrolled gmos  it 's never been shown to be deleterious to one 's health true but that 's not the only issue . 
  it was private courts until wallonia vetoed and it was amended to special courts . 
  in ceta ? 
  yes not anymore . 
  i 'm talking about perception . 
  r/californiaman does n't seem much brighter !, 
  also for u/bloodysneeze . 
  first , i 'm a social-democrat i guess ? 
  basically a socialist who accepted capitalism and renounced communism ( i 'm from a far-left leaning family ) :-) first , as i said to bloodysneeze , france has an ambivalent relation with the us , and what you hear as agressive rethoric is possibly just france trying to maintain its own image of a global power , `` light of the world '' ( though that illusion is completely gone now i think ) . 
  which the us is , while france is barely significant anymore , hence the ambivalence . 
  not to mention france was once communist af , so us imperialism being the devil is still there . 
  that being said , on the nato question , i 'll leave [ that ] ( https://chrishernandezauthor.com/2013/07/09/working-with-the-french-army/ ) here . 
  france may not meet it 's 2 % but maybe we do if we averaged that , and regardless , france army is relatively capable . 
  my take on us/eu relations is that regardless of disagreements , we have at least a core of common values that are worth keeping alive . 
  my worry is this : europe 's problems are quite apparent , economic crisis , disarray resulting in powerlessness , etc what may be less obvious , is the us ( relative ) decline . 
  or at least the shift in power in favor of china . 
  they 're the one lending you the money , now you have them also , because if they do n't lend , you ca n't buy the shit they make and you 're both fucked . 
  but they 're starting to transition to domestic consumption , and unless they fuck up , they will only grow in power . 
  see the move they 're making in the china sea . 
  and iraq and afghanistan have clearly showed/refreshed the limits of us 's military might . 
  if you remember , nk and iran played that period quite well . 
  there 's also the internal problems , of which we share a lot , integration/identity/racial tensions issues for example . 
  and probably more important , the whole wealth distribution/inequality problem , and the consequences like trump , or worse . 
  now add to that that russia is a giant question mark , the middle-east will keep middle-easting for the foreseeable future , africa 's projected demographic growth ( 2050 , +1 b , not that it 's a problem in and of itself of course ) and most of all , the climate change that 's likely going to hit everyone on all levels , agriculture , coastal lands , drinkable water , more frequent , bigger natural catastrophes and of course refugees , and we are in for a rocky ride . 
  and that 's just what i could think of . 
  i think we are very much going to need each other to manage all that without losing ourselves , because isolationism is n't an option , we 're part of the world .
