  it does seems like it . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/papaya_ringspot_virus#transgenics  my point is that your definition of minimalism seems silly . 
  with gm , it comes down to banning techniques just because they 're newer than others . 
  age has nothing to do with that ( at least for me ) . 
   can you imagine if we fought global warming by banning modern cars and returning to the ford-t . no we fight global warming in part with sustainable , renewable energies . 
  i do n't see why you equate solar powered ai driven robots with a ford t. actually it seems to me massive chemistry is the ford t. gmo is n't chemistry ? 
  roundup resistant gmo certainly is . 
   the environment and crops grown are n't . 
  that makes the comparison harder . 
  true . 
   the issue is that rather than attacking misuse , people attack the tool . 
  part of it , yes . 
  the much bigger part is those abusing the tool . 
  because even when you know it 's coming , it 's still surprising to get ass raped . 
    but what do you make of say the women in iran or saudi arabia ? 
  or the execution of apostates ? 
  or excision in africa ? 
  is it ok because it 's another culture ? 
  personnally i ca n't accept that . 
   i think you 're stepping into moral relativism there . 
    now sure , that does n't mean we should be arrogant , and realpolitik is what it is . 
   right and wrong are just a matter of perspective . 
  which is where i disagree , in the sense that i believe there is some form of objective moral or ethic . 
  but obviously we 're modeled by our environment ...  that means putting your morals on the high ground is inherently arrogant . 
   edit : i 'm not condoning such actions . 
  i just want you to realize that from their perspective , they 're not doing anything wrong . 
  they can not comprehend that the values they grew up with have been wrong . 
  i do get that . 
   anyone who thinks our morals is human nature is naive to the power your surroundings and upbringing can have on said human nature . 
  well ... 
  environment certainly is a powerful thing , but studies shows toddlers have some sort of sense of fairness . 
  and even animals !, 
   this eu directive from what i understand is about a year old and no other country adopted it , why did the french decide to adopt it now all of the sudden?i bet it has to do with the failed peace conference that they are trying to organize . 
  that 's possible and even likely . 
  nevertheless , it 's an eu directive , all members are supposed to implement it eventually . 
    because patenting is n't a human right , it 's a praticality granted to companies to allow them to get a roi , and boost innovation  that does n't make it bad . 
  many things are n't human rights . 
  like any tool it 's good if used well , not so good if abused , see pharma for another example . 
    because patent trolls . 
   does n't really work with gm patents . 
  the effort required to succesfully isolate a piece of dna is too great to make mass patenting ( and thus patent trolling ) viable . 
  afaik pcr and crispr are cheap . 
  and they can just buy the patent to another company . 
    because i patent a species , it spreads , eliminate the non modified species , i own it and sue everyone . 
   that 's not how it works . 
  sueing only applies if you deliberately and intentionally use the plants charesteristic . 
  you ca n't be sued for accidental contamination . 
  you mean like monsanto bullied farmers ? 
    how so ? 
  either a plant is ge , either it 's not  genetic engineering is arbitrarily defined in law . 
  there 's nothing that makes a gm crop a threat and a non-gm crop not s threat . 
   hell , the definition is n't even consistent . 
  exposing a crop to radiation is s gmo in canada , a normal crop in europr and orgamic in thr us . 
  i 'll take your point and root for canada . 
    wild plants are n't patented  gmo 's do n't compete with wild plants . 
  they compete with other commercial agriculture strains , which are patented . 
  unless they 're grown in a closed system , of course they do . 
    that does n't change anything regarding gmos  if invasive plants are equally a problem for gm as non-gm , it makes little sense to field it as a complaint against them . 
  except it 's worst because of patenting . 
    effectively you introduce a foreign plant in a complex eco-system without being sure you 're not fucking it up . 
   effectivelly , the alternative dolution would also be introducing foreign plants in complex ecosystems . 
  i disagree , selective breeding is n't foreign . 
    why keeping going in the whole artificial road ( herbicide/pesticide/gmo / fertilizer ) when it poses so many problems , including degrading the soils , while we could try a green-powered roboticized organic argiculture . 
   why are you making the arbitrary green/artificial direction . 
  i 've seen very little naturally occuring robots , and solar pannels tend to be rare as well . 
  organic is not automatically better , nor is gm automatically worse . 
  again i 'll take your point . 
  the opposition is between 50s let 's produce and taylorize agriculture ( which made sense ! ), 
  without worrying about the environment because nature will provide vs 2016 ho shit our impact is so massive we might just fuck the environment enough to commit suicide !, 
  my point being we should take a minimalistic approach when we disturb a very complex , already unstable system . 
   the gm-papaya very effectivelly stopped a virus infection that dramatically affected harvests . 
  i 'll take your word for it . 
   bt-corn dramatically reduced losses and pesticide use . 
  i 've glanced at qaim meta analysis , yet in france we use less pesticide/surface and yields are comparable . 
   other gm 's confer drought resistance , or a variety of other usefull traits . 
  as i said , i 'm all for science , i 'm not against gmos on principle , it 's a tool and it seems to me it 's misused . 
   exactly my thinking . 
   and i may add , refusing to acknowledge there are differences is the reason itself why those differences escalate into conflict . 
   see also the us elections . 
  the `` good thinkers '' of the left kept pushing equality and a globalist/progressive view where no differences ( or little ) among people were assumed . 
  they took for granted it was the good thing and what everybody wanted . 
   result ? 
  people actually do not want that and prefer nativism and a return to the `` golden era '' , and trump got elected off that . 
  i agree on that , i feel a lot of anger across the west is because people feel like we 've lost control of our individual and even more so collective lives , destiny , however you want to call it . 
   cultural and moral differences do exist . 
  we should acknowledge them and build upon them as a strenght , instead of strangling them as a weakness . 
  same question : but what do you make of say the women in iran or saudi arabia ? 
  or the execution of apostates ? 
  or excision in africa ? 
  is it ok because it 's another culture ? 
  personnally i ca n't accept that . 
   basically a utopia . 
  i think it 's impossible to be impartial when it comes to that . 
  the influence your culture has on you is not a simple pair of glasses you can just remove at will . 
  i agree . 
   i also do n't think it 's wrong to have a relative point when you 're assessing something new/different . 
  i agree . 
   our whole life consists of comparing experiences . 
  the only way to avoid cultural relativism is isolationism . 
  just do what china did in the 15th century .
