  but , that 's , like , my opinion man :-), 
  well ... `` money is free speech '' , companies are entitled to religious freedom , you can get bankrupt for an appendisectomy , your whole food industry , corporate welfare , denial of climate change to name a few things that seem alien to the average european ... not that we do n't get some of that . 
  spoken like a floridaman :-d, 
  yes and no . 
  on a personnal level , unless you 're a hot chick , not really no :-) however , the loosening of ties between the us and ( western ) europe ( started under bush , continued under obama ) is worrying to me . 
  and i think it should be to you too . 
  out of curiosity , what 's your take on this , and where would you situate yourself in the us landscape ? 
  ouch . 
  partly . 
  you 're the big one after all . 
  also france has an ambivalent love/hate , admiration/disdain relation with the us . 
  and again food . 
  or rather , health . 
  i mean japanese eat fish and live for centuries , right ? 
  overwhelming me with the news that we have private courts with everyone . 
  for one , i more or less follow politics , national , european and international and i had no idea about japan nor canada . 
  and as for the us , of course we 're allies but at least in france , globalization and free-trade are synonymous with loss of industrial jobs . 
  and there 's also concerns about less strict regulations , notably for food . 
  so when you add the negociation 's secrecy , gmos , hormoned grown chicken , corporate america , phracking and private courts ... all that against a promess of potential , abstract economical benefits , that 's not sexy . 
  does n't make it a good thing . 
  edit : u/sheep42 , to expand , i 'm dubious about those on principle , but i can understand the argument that companies fear partial justice if they sue the state . 
  fine . 
  but i 'm very worried , legitimately i think , about multinationals having over-powered legal departments being able to circumvent local law to do whatever they want . 
  the special courts as amended in ceta seem more acceptable , though i ca n't say i like it much either . 
  ffs ... 
  private courts ffs, 
  may i ask what is your pov on the eu 's reaction concerning the donbass ? 
  clearly was a field test , which is why you tried to hide the truth by destroying all proofs !, 
  checkmate !, 
  i remember the documentary `` stargate '' ... 
  you damn well know why eu regulated certain ... curvatures ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  well to be fair , you jews started the whole monotheism scam , so ... 
  i wish it was n't needed , but to be sure / s, 
  nope . 
  apart from the health concerns issues ( no gmo is proven toxic afaik ) , others like dna patenting for example are perfectly legitimate and are ethical questions rather than scientific . 
  is n't that just his mirror ? 
  fried bear with vodka , the breakfast of the comrades !, 
  except he lost his [ cat ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rlohmrzejyq ) huehuehue, 
  but you can cook bear with it !, 
  is n't oil a better thermal fluid ? 
  apparently he genocied comments in this thread as well ... 
  no shit sherlock, 
  russians should stop making planes flying on vodka , it ruins their pilots ... 
  unless it 's the other way around ? 
  `` duck and cover '', 
  to add on that , germany among others believe in stricts budgets , monetary stability etc like it 's a religion . 
  certainly grece , spain , italy and france have problems , but austerity and orthodox liberalism may not be the solution ... 
  i 'm not framing germany as the evil guy . 
  greece has a lot of problems , that 's a fact . 
  but clearly germany voice weight more than eastern europe 's and they wanted to impose austerity . 
  to save german and french banks i might add . 
  and you 're wrong , after the referendum and tsipras 's attempt to negociate , europe doubled down on austerity measures . 
  true . 
  but i would n't call that retarded , as you said , he tried . 
  i disagree . 
  tsipras made a referendum to use popular opinion as an argument to negociate against austerity measures . 
  germany gave no fucks , and tsipras was left without any choice but to concede . 
  which is why they spread they pro-abortion agenda in decadent west . 
  seems more reasonable . 
  mama is a cunt though . 
  she 's literally hitler . 
  well it 's obviously an exageration , i just meant she 's far right , although the roots of her party are indeed neo nazi . 
  sure . 
  but if even half of them work , that 's still a force that estonia ca n't even slow down . 
  in any case , that 's all theoritical until nato breaks down . 
  it 's not that clear cut , i do n't think neither of them has more than 20 ~ 30 % of real supporters ... 
  russian have around 10000 tanks ... 
  yeah ... french revolution was inspired by communism . 
  sure . 
  i know . 
  my point exactly . 
  that ... that is the best idea ever birthed by man . 
  we need to make this happen !, 
  what for ? 
  they ca n't buy enough tanks to fight russia anyway ... 
  yeah ... 
  the tweetosphere said stuff for an evening , that 's demonizing alright ... 
  yep , seems like it . 
  ... send halp please ... 
  tried too hard ... 
  i 'm drowning ... did it work ? 
  we needed that :-), 
  as of now they do n't . 
  but things can change , although i do n't think they will . 
  macron i do n't know . 
  he may appeal to center electors and fillon being fairly rightish , that could give him some space . 
  so i guess it depends on the socialist 's candidate , if he 's leftish that also gives space to macron . 
  france has about 300 nukes . 
  glass the top 300 cities , russia is as good as dead . 
  submarines and planes . 
  and it 's irrelevant , because nato , so no one will push the button . 
  except nuclear is a non factor . 
  france also can glass russia . 
  and even if we did n't the us , uk would . 
  so no one will press the button . 
  and the deaths of a few soldiers are n't the reason to go to war , but as u/50hzhum pointed at , it 's for the public opinion . 
  it does . 
  if russia invaded and killed the tankers , that 's war . 
  i know . 
  it also says to russia , we will act on our alliances .
