  although i doubt it 'd go that well in the era of globalization . 
  it never did . 
  but what do you make of say the women in iran or saudi arabia ? 
  or the execution of apostates ? 
  or excision in africa ? 
  is it ok because it 's another culture ? 
  personnally i ca n't accept that . 
  now sure , that does n't mean we should be arrogant , and realpolitik is what it is . 
    dna patenting  is an issue because ... because patenting is n't a human right , it 's a praticality granted to companies to allow them to get a roi , and boost innovation . 
  because patent trolls . 
  because i patent a species , it spreads , eliminate the non modified species , i own it and sue everyone . 
    gmos spreading in the wild are underblown  gmo spreading in the wild only matters because people decided to arbitrarily label some crops gmo 's . 
  how so ? 
  either a plant is ge , either it 's not . 
   there 's a bunch of them which can be invasive , there ard many which are not . 
  the same is true for normal plants . 
   but when a normal plant spreads into the wild , that 's only an issue for said plant . 
  when the gm plant does it , it 's an issue for all gmo 's . 
  wild plants are n't patented . 
  and invasive normal vegetal or animal are a real problem too . 
  that does n't change anything regarding gmos . 
   there 's nothing in the gmo 's that makes them more invasive or dangerous than normal plants . 
  fundamentally i suppose not . 
  effectively you introduce a foreign plant in a complex eco-system without being sure you 're not fucking it up . 
  my 0.02 : while i 'm all for science and research , why keeping going in the whole artificial road ( herbicide/pesticide/gmo / fertilizer ) when it poses so many problems , including degrading the soils , while we could try a green-powered roboticized organic argiculture . 
  i think you 're smoking super weed . 
  nope . 
  dna patenting , gmos spreading in the wild are underblown if anything ... 
  true . 
   the problem with us , the west , is that we take moral high-grounds ( or follow economical interests ) but our morals often do not coincide with those of the middle east nations . 
  this is what is creating a mess . 
   since the sykes-picot agreement of 1916 and the treaties of s\u00e8vres and lausanne in 1920 and 1923 western nations have shown a tendency to meddle way too much in the regional politics of an alien culture , making mistake after mistake . 
  now we are reaping what we sowed . 
  but during the cold war , i do n't think we really had a choice , either we allied ourselves with them , either moscow did . 
   in my opinion , it is time we learn to stay put . 
  we think we are saving the world , but all we do is create misery . 
  what we should do instead , is educating and supporting `` good people '' . 
  i stress `` good people '' because our definition and theirs do not coincide . 
  take assad and gaddafi as an example . 
  as far as i know , those two are/were liked by most of their population and are what is keeping these multicultural states ( because that is what they are , they are not just one people/religion as we erroneously assume ) from ripping each other apart along cultural and ideological fault lines . 
  i 'm afraid i partly disagree there :-) i think the problem is more that we speak about moral but do n't act on it . 
  but we do act on our interests , economic or otherwise ( iraq war of 2003 ! ) . 
  so yes we meddle too much and not for good reasons . 
  regarding the approval rating of assad/gaddafi , the arab spring clearly showed the people were boiling under the lid , and my understanding is that assad was truely supported by alaouites and christians minorities . 
  i 'm also a good french through and through and i do n't believe in cultural relativism , in their morals and ours being different . 
  my bad , i 'm well aware of that aspect of ww1 , i was referring to this :  it does n't matter what us and russia want or not want . 
  once the situation is ignited , they can only try to extinguish the fire but the damage is already done . 
  i meant given the military power gap between the us , russia on one hand and turkey on the other , would they really be unable to de escalate ? 
  of course there is . 
  like an amendment to specifically allow conservatives sexting to minors about unconventionnal porn !, 
  god save the queer !, 
    man does the eu suck sometimes ... 
  being a non factor at its doorstep ...  at this point , i think this `` wait and see '' approach is the wiser choice . 
  no one would appreciate our intervention . 
  on the contrary , we 'd be risking stepping on one too many toes , just waiting for an excuse to escalate the situation . 
  i did not mean jumping in guns blazing !, 
  on the contrary , i think france fucked up badly with assad . 
  we were `` friends '' , now taking a moral stance is noble and all , but did n't do jackshit . 
  i wonder if we should have made a deal with the devil to at least try to have a political solution before daesh took over , and hundreds thousands of people died ... and yes , now all we can do is not add oil i guess . 
  as for giving money to erdogan and bend over so he keeps the refugees , yeah that 's great . 
  not that i have a solution ...  i think this is where the ww1 comparison makes sense . 
  reacting is what created that mess . 
  certainly , no one wants a repeat . 
   gmo foods have to pass the same health tests as everything else , and they are created in much more controlled settings than natural breeding . 
  which does n't mean all that much ... and for the x ^ y time , it 's much more than the health issue . 
  i 'm going to go on a patent streak , then all of your tulips will belongs to us !, 
   i am fairly well informed on the topic and actively following the syrian civil war each day . 
  i do n't doubt you , it 's just that i 'm not sure the ww1 comparison holds , it was more or less between equals . 
   i am depicting a real scenario . 
  the chances of cooler heads prevailing and avoiding us a conflict are high , but if it does n't , it is bad real news indeed . 
  man does the eu suck sometimes ... 
  being a non factor at its doorstep ... 
    wow . 
  so 80 % of french are pro-putin . 
   if you read [ the links i 've been citing , ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/stop-the-war-linked-to-putin-puppets-s6fdwq968 ) you 'd know what i mean . 
  it 's a paywall  groups like stop the war and politicians like corbyn can be linked directly with the kremlin . 
  and those politicians who opposed it , like schr\u00f6der , are also those who favored closer relations with russia , and who opposed nato expansion out of concern for russia 's interests . 
   i realize it goes against national pride to be told you were played , but you 've been played . 
  so what are you saying ? 
  have you found the wmds ? 
  proof of collusion between saddam and bin laden ? 
  us citizens were the one played by bush ... well cheney and al. . .  putin has been playing all of us since 2000 . 
  it 's good that we 're all starting to become aware of russia 's information warfare , but we 're fools if we think it 's only right-wing nationalists and not left-wing `` anti-imperialists '' who are susceptible . 
  sure putin finance everyone who takes his money !, 
  nevertheless , his own positions are aligned with the far right ... and his more powerful allies are far right . 
  thanks for your answer ... 
  i do n't know if you 're too pessimistic or realist ... 
   look back at the politics of that time and you 'll discover that the anti-war elements are also the pro-russian elements . 
  all i 'm saying is that that 's not a coincidence . 
  and the same is still true today . 
  wow . 
  so 80 % of french are pro-putin . 
  that 's new . 
  and 9tomesoutof10 you 're trolling . 
   as far as i know turkey always had beef with the assad regime , and there is a turkmen minority in syria . 
   plus erdogan is a neo-ottoman ( he recently trashed the treaty of lausanne saying they lost 2 million and more land unjustly ) and i am sure he wants a slice of the syrian cake if not all of it now that there is the chance to take it . 
  but there is n't , is there ? 
  i mean i doubt the us are cool with that , and russia wo n't let assad fall ... 
   whatever you believe was your reason , you were with putin . 
  and whenever you say the sun is rising in the east , guess who says that ?
