  draghi : `` one should never forget that the single biggest cause of inequality is unemployment . '', 
  kek . 
  made me think of [ this ] ( https://www.google.fr/url?q=https://m.youtube.com/watch%3fv%3dbqvc7kdtv_m&amp;sa=u&amp;ved=0ahukewievqvb2npqahvsb5okhrutaz0qtwiiejac&amp;usg=afqjcnhpmg2_wtsmvgz7fn8m6vesxnb4sa ), 
  i hope it comes to pass , that would certainly be the best outcome for the eu , and not the worst for uk i think . 
  not to mention the hilarious irony . 
    because paying the american hardware stores is much better ? 
   if it 's cheaper and a better product , certainly . 
  i do n't care if something comes from france or the us , the best option should win . 
  you 're not very coherent . 
  you say eu defense is a good thing and then you say it 's ok to depend on the us . 
  and us and eu interests are far from being always aligned . 
    i rather have that money spent inside europe than america . 
   luckily your protectionism is something we left behind for an open economic system . 
  that 's another debate . 
  you misunderstood . 
  this says 66 % of french thinks the eu has a bad economic policy , not that 66 % of europeans thinks france fucked up the eu economy . 
  you should read before you throw insults around , couillon . 
    fillon is much further right than any les r\u00e9publicains candidate in recent history . 
   according to ~ ~ you ~ ~ facts . 
  ftfy, 
    fillon is n't balanced right-wing at all , not on french standard  did n't he just win the republicain primaries ? 
  he did , but les republicains go from center right to far right . 
  fillon being both very liberal economically and very conservative socially is definitely not balanced right wing in france ...   mlp is not considered as the leader of the opposition  who is ? 
  les republicains, 
   * nitpick mode *  how can it be in a plate ? 
   * nitpick mode off - dodge mode on * you mean ... you mean you barbarians do n't have soup plates ? 
  you were the second country of cheese !, 
  you were the ( second ) chosen one !, 
  in a bowl , not a plate . 
  my name is bomb . 
  if you find a better pun , you win a german prize !, 
  well many thanks my dear fellow :-), 
  which is which ? 
  u wot m8 !, 
  ill bash u fookin ' head ` in !, 
  islanders ... incest , sheep or both ... 
  i know i 'm so worried about him right now ... 
  he 's in his rebellious phase this little punk ... 
  whereas our baby canada is doing fine ... 
  obviously the uk, 
  so england is the easy girl huh ? 
  figures ... 
  apparently to a thin majority of your lot , tea-drinking , mint-lamb-eating , uptight scum . 
   i never said those things were okay in the first place . 
  never said you did . 
  and i never said i was for colonization , occupation or military actions in general ( there are exceptions to the latter though ) . 
   i absolutely hate that and i wish it would change but we must do it in a sensible way . 
  what i meant to say is that it does not fall upon us to tell arbitrarily what is good and bad and expect a policy based on that to work . 
  robespierre said `` you ca n't export freedom at the point of the bayonet '' . 
  i ca n't agree more . 
   education , as i mentioned before , is the key to this problem . 
   i 'll go by some examples . 
   middle eastern country treats women in a way we do n't think is right . 
  what can we do ? 
   educate them into understanding what is wrong with that and allow them to make a choice of their own about it . 
  only then the society will integrate and welcome the change successfully . 
  i think for this as for kids , education is by example . 
   what the `` west '' has done so far instead is one of three things :  a. 
  tell them it 's wrong and they should stop . 
  no reason , no example . 
  how are they supposed to understand without explanation ? 
  it 's like they told you the earth is flat . 
  how can you understand it , without explanation ? 
   so now average joe has a doubt because what he thought was right is not anymore , so what can he do ? 
  ignore or believe . 
  and now you are sowing discontent and the seeds of future internal civil wars in that region . 
  let 's change their minds !, 
  rain bombs on them day and night on end until they change they do . 
  and if it does n't work , give money or weapons to a bunch of nuts in the country and ask them to change things . 
  or send angry guys with rifles and tanks to kill their families . 
  maybe they will understand now ? 
  they will hate you and fight you and think your way of living is wrong , thus worsening the situation into more ignorance . 
  that is definitely stupid , arrogant , cruel and dangerous . 
   if you educate them , providing examples and helping them out , they will understand what is wrong and right and they will make a legit , well thought , choice of their own . 
  you made good , without interfering in their society . 
  then we agree . 
   abuse of a tool is no reason to demonize it . 
  the sbusers will simpky switch to a different tool , and a usefull tool will be lost . 
  am i demonizing it ? 
   making a single gene edit is cheap . 
  figuring out what genes do is n't . 
  hum ... not a geneticist ( ? ), 
  so i ca n't really say , but startups making diy glow in the dark gmo plant seem to say it 's not clear cut . 
   not compete in that sense . 
  i meant compete in the commercial sense . 
  patented gm crops will be replaced with patented normal crops , meaning you made no progress if you want to avoid patents . 
    except it 's worst because of patenting  except that does n't matter because normal plants are patented too , and you ca n't sue for accidental contamination . 
    you mean like monsanto bullied farmers ? 
   you may want to look into that those stories , and you 'll find that monsanto bullying is a myth . 
  if you can find a single story of monsanti sueing for accidental contamination , i 'd be very suprised . 
  even [ shareholders seem to believe otherwise ] ( http://harringtoninvestments.com/uncategorized/press-release-shareholder-resolution-calls-on-monsanto-to-disclose-financial-risks-from-gmo-products/ ) : `` add to that the hundreds of millions spent in legal fees chasing after small farmers whose land is unwillingly contaminated with monsanto products , and the millions farmers are spending to protect themselves , and you have a corporate empire financially committed to denying the reality of what 's happened to our food supply , '' harrington continued . 
   selective breeding results in new , never before seen plants . 
  thus , it 's foreign . 
  while the resulting plant is new , inserting a arbitrary gene from another kingdom is completely different from just selecting varieties or crossing two varieties of the same species . 
   in any case , selective breeding wont replace gm . 
  it 'll be replaced with hybruds made from strains from all over the world , with radiation manipulated crops , with crops that had their cells fused with chemicals . 
  you mean gm may or may not replace selective breeding , this is as old as agriculture . 
    i 'll take your word for it . 
   rainbow papaya . 
  it 's cool .
