  based on my own observation of central european vs british approach to solving problems , this is actually quite good generalization . 
  it 's hard to unify culturally non-homogenous group of people . 
  in that sense the nation wo n't be able to choose a radical , nationalistic leader because there will always be an opposition . 
  moreover , instead of fighting against ruling class the people will fight against each other . 
  of course , the balance of cultural divesity needs to be sustained but divide and conquer is a great strategy used many times in the past [ 1 ] . 
  her emotional side can also be involved in this . 
  i did n't really want to suspect this , i always saw her as calm and reasonable person , but she is either hiding her real feelings very well or not hiding them at all . 
  [ 1 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/divide_and_rule, 
   you are falsely assuming that there is an element of choice involved . 
  germany is pretty much constrained by its constitution , eu and international law . 
  these are the facts : - v4 - societies east of germany are doing their best to be able to choose by organizing mass protests and trying to convince governments to reject eu quotas , - hungary is trying to protect its borders , accompanied by police officers and soldiers from v4 countries , - germany - angela merkel invites refugees on behalf of all germans . 
  despite criticism and problems her statement has caused she continues to do so . 
  moreover germany is one of the most powerful nations in the eu and opposition against refugee influx is substantial not only among politicians but also societies . 
  if you 're trying to say that ther 's no ` element of choice ' on the german side then , well , i hope that majority of germans have different opinion . 
  justifying destruction is a well-known tactic in this part of europe , i hope that it 's less popular now than it was 70 years ago . 
  i do n't think i 'd be so radical about it unless i have a nice home somewhere in australia and a cellar full of canned food . 
  also , i just do n't agree with you in a sense that i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  it has some disadvantages but i would n't say it 's rubbish . 
  it needs change , not dissolution . 
  i think that if it comes to a situation when freedom of movement within the eu is withdrown we 'll have more serious issues to worry about . 
  i do n't believe anyone would do this out of boredom . 
  many polish have n't forgotten about it though . 
  this move was appreciated . 
  it 's cheaper than hiring a jet too so they saved some serious money in the end . 
  well done . 
  i 'm not sure if i have understood it right . 
  are they implying in this article that sumte was chosen because there 's no business ( infrastructure , shops ) so , and that 's my far conclusion , there will be no risk of disrupting business ( or any other for that matter ) activity ? 
   given that germany already has a trade surplus that is too high and needs higher internal consumption , this really is a nothingburger . 
  is there no better way to stimulate the economy other than giving money to people from outside the country so that they can spend them locally ? 
  increasing tax-free personal allowance , decreasing communal tax or health care insurance ( please have a look at donvito 's post above ) , providing funding for students studying in-demand courses are only some of the ideas . 
  i 'd imagine that in germany , as in many other countries , for people being in lower marginal income tax rate these are the real issues as they spend significant amount of their lives earning not extra-spending , but living wages . 
    but is n't it pushed to the point that one works to fund sub-society with contrasting values ? 
   assumes facts not in evidence . 
  it is more a deduction derived from my own observations of parts of london , paris and munich that are inhabitet by non-european migrants from africa and middle east . 
  especially in london and paris , not many middle class white europeans supporting full cultural equality decide to live in these areas . 
  it always baffled me and still does - why these decent , top marginal income tax rate people tend to flock together in their own neighbourhoods , isolating themselves from the richness of cultural diversity ? 
  that 's exactly the reason for my question . 
  does n't it make the germans less motivated to take on these responsibilities because it seems thaty they 're working for global welfare ? 
  even if they are told that these people are genuine refugees but this can not be reliably checked . 
  even if we disregard their motives for being immigrants ( which would be fine for me ) , there is a question if their future actions will make europe a better place to live . 
  i am assuming that german government has statistically satisfying answer to that question . 
  i am also hoping that it is positive . 
  because if not these inviting policies would be rather reckless . 
  so it seems that some germans are fine with that not because they 're compassionate but because they trust their government . 
  what brings me to another conclusion that for some people not much changed since ` then ' ... * many germans are fine though, 
  thanks for your reply , it has provoked some new thoughts on my side . 
  thinking about values they bring , i 'm starting to understand why these people may potentially be an asset for germany . 
  for a programmer ( nowadays ) it makes little difference what server components are used unless they 're configured properly . 
  it 's fascinating how many advantages would an analogous ` virutal society ' have for a ruler or business owner . 
  identity would be an exclusive asset both in spiritual and physical sense . 
  i 'm trying to find fact-based motivations behind pro-immigration movement . 
  compassion-based ones are useles since neither i , nor you can tell what kind of people they really are , in what proportion and in what exact circumstances they found themselves in in their countries . 
  it 's just about believing/disagreeing with the government and trying to make up facts to fit the belief . 
  it 's always about benefit but sometimes it 's about win-win too . 
  when you translate it to german it gets a new meaning  , but i did n't mean ` unter-gesellschaft ' treat it more as an analogy to subset , in more horizontal way . 
  ` being inferior ' because one does n't work and is not useful to society is your conclusion , i 've never written that . 
  i 've merely written that it feels good to be useful . 
  moreover , being not useful to the society because of the values one follows is a sign of being either indifferent to that society or of being in opposition to it . 
  1 ) do you think that ` being prosecuted in home country ' is a sufficient reason for not being able to work and claiming welfare ? 
  2 ) do you think that majority of these refugees are prosecuted ? 
  3 ) assuming that they are not only prosecuted but also persecuted , do you think that is ok for them to choose germany as their destination and reject help of other countries ? 
  sorry for so many questions but i 'd like to get an insight into german way of thinking about this . 
  just a thought experiment , i 'm not taking sides here  . 
  what would you prefer : flow of relatively expensive oil or flow of economic migrants ? 
  is n't it demotivating for germans who work and pay ( already quite high ) taxes and welfare ? 
  working and being useful for the society is a nice feeling - that 's what european wealth is based on - but is n't it pushed to the point that one works to fund sub-society with contrasting values ? 
  one 'd need to make some assumptions to find logic in this . 
  perhaps a better solution would be to attempt to kidnap the child and move abroad . 
  you can live good live outside europe too . 
  discussing moral validity or laws and customs is one thing . 
  knowing that nordic countries have this kind of fixation is the other . 
  http://www.msz.gov.pl/en/news/they_wrote_about_us/mfa__breakthrough_in_procedures_related_to_polish_children_in_norway_;jsessionid=961cdc808d06231b16f777b7ea2793c6.cmsap1p '' ( ... ) recently growing number of polish children [ are ] placed away from their family home -- in institutions and foster families -- following an intervention of the norwegian office for the protection of child rights . 
  in 2012 the polish consular services recorded three such cases , five in 2013 and 27 in 2014 . '', 
  there 's plenty of individual cases described in the media . 
  also , i assume that they 're not limiting themselves only to polish families . 
  true , i was so surprised i had to look twice at the link . 
  i though this kind of things only happen in the nordic countries . 
  i 've heard that they 'll bring two planes full of leaflets with them , ready take off in case of conflict . 
  they did n't put morale in that table . 
  wile i am not too sure how germany is doing in that regard , polish become quite unifited and willing to fight once somebody inficts their will on them . 
  just look at the recent anti-immigration protests . 
  i 've recently seen an advert , 1/2 bed flats in certral london from # 990 000 . 
  you could buy a small island for that amount of money . 
  will it be 6k eur . 
  for 4 years ? 
  sorry , i do n't know how much , i just assumed that they will pay something . 
  uk is a bit different than continental part of europe , i 'd expect it to stay like that - there 's many reasons . 
  while pursuing brexit may help to achieve this it should n't be a goal , in my opinion at least . 
  true , perhaps i have underestimated the importance of these kinds of jobs . 
  to some extent i 'd agree that dumping wages and elevating employers ' expectations takes place . 
  on the other hand , work situation of native british people with their language skills and social connections is much better than the one immigrants have to face . 
  they have more possibilities of finiding a new job or moving to a new city . 
  i understand that they may have a sense of entitlement ( ask mt ) but world nowadays is less about entitlement and more about hard and creative work . 
  uk outside of the eu , trying to rebuild their colonial power would be an interesting experiment . 
  i do n't think however that it would benefit working classes more than staying in . 
  four-fifths of respondents , not nesessarily germans . 
  also the poll referred mainly to the problem of recent non-eu migration . 
  china, 
  + the refugees will be dispersed and most problematic ` units ' easily isolated and dealt with either by authorities or local population ; + they will have more options to integrate , people will be helpful if only refugees will behave properly ; + probably it would be much easier to escape west for the ones who really want to ; - it will cost a lot of money . 
  heating in winter , cooking , all facilities .
