  that of course will not happen because of cultural marxists and corporations that would lose profit . 
  `` public money must not be used to subsidise pornography '' - that 's all there is about this ` problem ' . 
  this performance can be put on in private theatres but when it comes to publicly-funded venues the state tries to oppose both , left and right radicalism . 
  i was hoping that you 're doing the same thing . 
  if german government had really wanted to help greece , it would have proposed quotas before migration crisis started in august and helped to secure external borders of eu including italy , hungary and greece . 
  it did n't happen however . 
  merkel first invited refugees , what actually provoked more migration , and then tried to impose mandatory quotas . 
  the more specific a goal is the less an organization can be blamed for , thus the more trust it earns . 
  how nice , german leaders also tried to help poland and czechoslovakia to cope with communism before ' 39 . 
  what a country . 
  `` it is imperative that isis must set up a consulate or at least a political office in istanbul '' - hakan fidan , the head of turkey 's national intelligence organization `` turkish intelligence chief : putin 's intervention in syria is against islam and international law , isis is a reality and we are optimistic about the future '' - http://www.awdnews.com/top-news/turkish-intelligence-chief-putin-s-intervention-in-syria-is-against-islam-and-international-law,-isis-is-a-reality-and-we-are-optimistic-about-the-future `` is turkey collaborating with the islamic state ( isis ) ? '', 
  - columbia university research paper http://www.huffingtonpost.com/david-l-phillips/research-paper-isis-turke_b_6128950.html '' ` isis sees turkey as its ally ' : former islamic state member reveals turkish army cooperation '' http://europe.newsweek.com/isis-and-turkey-cooperate-destroy-kurds-former-isis-member-reveals-turkish-282920, 
  if we are talking about muslim immigration - and that seems to be the problem now - it would be wise to compare these data with the trends in victims of islamists ' terrors attacks worldwide . 
  and here they are : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqjshxuf9za, 
  to protect coutries east from germany from extremists ? 
  please do n't confuse anti-muslim sentiment with rational thinking . 
  people from central europe merely want to protect their own culture while people in the west and middle-east want to force their own cultural values on these societies . 
  people may understand this but ask the governments . 
  while politicians live secure villas drive their bmws and work in secure buildings common people risk their lives daily . 
  all governments are willing to do is to collect more data while islamists seem to be more hands-on people . 
  yep , they 're just transforming europe into their shi * & ^ countries they left in the first place . 
  he should have tried hiking or spending some time working on a cargo ship . 
  if hiking is impossible i drink 1 beer a day for about 5 days . 
  when the level of stress is still increasing i start looking for shipping jobs . 
  that usually helps . 
  bbc actually quite likes the idea of having another white nation that can be pointed at as intolerant and racist . 
  it 's the same logic as describing right-wing ( pis ) and central ( kukiz ' 15 ) polish politicians as far right populists in german media . 
  that 's just a fixation these countries have and it 's based on their past . 
  i am wondering how long certain progressive values can be forced on people before they retaliate ? 
  perhaps christians who move towards secularism will never do this but it all seems to depend on constant economic development . 
  it would be interesting to see poor communities renouncing their christian values and engaging in supporting lgbt , multicult . 
  and feminism . 
  it would be even more interesting to see western muslim communities doing the same . 
  for the sake of clarity , central europe is comprised of eastern eu states , austria and germany . 
  assuming that these people are all fleeing war is exactly the problem germans , austrians and swedes have and that 's precisely why they need to deal with it themselves . 
  these people were fleeing war up to the turkish border . 
  from there on they are fleeing lower economic standards . 
  inviting these people in is not a win-win solution unless one appear to be extremely tolerant and not very appreciative towards his own culture . 
  this is how british , austrian , polish and german media portrayed austrians , germans and swedes during the crisis . 
  on the other hand , there are c/e european states that from the very beginning emphasized that mass immigration of refugees is not welcomed . 
  this message was sent by both the elites and common people . 
  the refugees are human beings , they have chosen germany and sweden because these countries offered them the most - good standard of living and no need to integrate . 
  thus ordering c/e european countries to build camps for refugees where they are forcefully kept is not a solution not only for the refugees , but also for polish or czech people . 
  it is a solution for germans though . 
  i certainly hope no central or eastern european government will succumb to german government 's demands . 
   what does turkey , iran and afghanistan have in common besides religion ? 
  i do n't know much about detailed cultural differences between these countries but would guess that they have more in common with themselves than with germany or hungary . 
   they are different countries , it 's like comparing italy , ireland and poland . 
  i am sure that any reasonable person raised in europe wo n't have the slightest problem , besides language maybe , with living on other european country . 
  when one is nice to people , learns language and do his best to be useful it is very unlikely that he will have issues with integration . 
  i do n't fully understand refugees ' strategy . 
  assuming one is a christian born in central europe . 
  in case of war in that region it would be most reasonable to flee to culturally similar countries as ireland , scotland , portugal or iceland . 
  one would probably not consider fleeing to saudi arabia , which is much more prosperous , unless he would be ready to fully embrace its culture . 
  why not turkey or iran , china even ? 
  do they really want to be here or is it just a matter of money ? 
  i can help with this . 
  just gib mir some women and money . 
  the eu does n't need bureucracy , mass immigration and left/right wing extremism . 
  the eu does n't need some of its leaders that make decisions causing these issues . 
  what the eu needs to survive are reforms and unity . 
  but there will be no unity until these problems are n't solved . 
   just one problem with deporting them , they ca n't . 
  `` where there 's a will , there 's a way , but the will must come from everybody . '', 
  i 'm really not sure what 's better : $ u ( ger ) money or freeing our economy from the eu legislation . 
  north-western part of montana , usa . 
  they should send a nice ` thank you ' postcard to merkel . 
   `` pros : good vote if you are really angry '' . 
  i think it 's more for determined , than angry people . 
  he tries to fix the roots of the system rather than taking half-measures that 'll give him another 4 years in power . 
  he 's not only critisizing the actions of the previous government but also its structure . 
  his top-down approach to fixing the country is a bold and needed . 
  the question is to what extent polish people are commited to improve their lives and fix their country from the inside as opposed to maintaining status quo and trying to fix their individual economic wellbeing by emigrating to the eu . 
  i 'd recommend having a look at [ this document ] ( https://ruchkukiza.pl/strategia-zmiany/ ) before voting tomorrow . 
  it 's the ` strategy for change ' that lists problems and solutions in areas they would like to improve . 
  i do n't think so tom and ama_deo . 
  he may get emotional at times but his main values are transparency and consistency of his goals . 
  he behaves like a human being , not like a cynical politician . 
  also , single-member constituencies are not ` retarded ' since you vote for a person , not for a party . 
  in that way party discipline has less influence over each member 's choice . 
  mps are responsible before electorate and not party leaders which is a good thing . 
  i think i do n't have to mention that this system is adopted by countries as uk , usa and france . 
  how similar is islam to judaism ? 
   the fact is that ( ... ) sending them back to turkey is not possible for a number of reasons ( from turkey not being a safe third country up to and including turkey simply not taking them back ) . 
  the facts is that germany did n't help to protect hungarian border and it 's chancellor did implicitly ( according to media reports ) invite refugees to europe . 
   unless you can provide an actual primary source for this assertion i recommend google , it 's a great source of knowledge in this matter : https://www.google.co.uk/?gws_rd=ssl#q=angela+merkel+on+refugees `` germany can take in at half a million syrian refugees every year , the country 's vice chancellor has said '' http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/germany-says-it-can-take-in-500000-syrian-refugees-every-year-as-david-cameron-insists-on-accepting-10491080.html or the famous `` wir schaffen das '' . 
  the fact that she did n't explicitly invite refugees does n't mean that her support for the ` open door ' policy will not be interpreted as such . 
  i reckon that these people are intelligent enough to get her message . 
  obsessive whitewashing wo n't help here . 
   unless and until you can stop the influx of refugees from turkey to greece and from north africa ( esp . 
  libya ) to italy it 's not possible to stop it but it 's possible prevent further increase or even decrease it by taking measures , or even making a statements , that dicourage people from coming . 
  some of these people surely need help though , i wo n't deny that , but it 's not possible to help everyone . 
   a muslim-majority middle eastern nation taking in refugees who are almost all middle eastern muslims ? 
  such strain !, 
  since when it 's about who gets immigrants culturally most difficult to integrate ? 
  it 's not only about numbers now but also about culture ? 
  some time ago i heard an interview with a blind german programmer who worked in the uk . 
  he commented on how both countries approach helping people with this disability . 
  paraphrasing his words , in germany people were more concerned with curing blindness while in the uk there was more emphasis on making the environment more blind-friendly . 
  so on the one side there was the idealistic , long-term aim of making people see and on the other an attempt to work with what you have now .
