i moved to the uk because i did n't want to wear braces . 
  austria is a beautiful country with great roads . 
  i find it interesting that population count matches greater london and amounts to 8.6 mln . 
  poland : people do n't actually drink so much alcohol . 
  we 're after countries like germany , austria , belgium and france in oecd ranking ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ) . 
  also , the country lies in central , not eastern europe . 
  uk : food is n't that bad , it 's all about region you 're living in . 
  i particularly like clotted cream and cornish pastries , fish diet is n't that bad also . 
  it 's all about not eating junk food ( including bread  . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i did not realize that such minority exists . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  no , please see my answer to t0varich 's quesion . 
   how do you come to that conclusion ? 
  looking at second and third image , graphs on the right . 
  in majority of countries center-left vote share decreases while center and far right increases ( sometimes not even as fast ) . 
  in france vote share for all options is rising . 
  i am assuming that this is vote share within the whole population ( numbers do n't add up to 100 % so there have to be people who do n't vote ) . 
  if so the total share of voting french population increased , hence my counclusion . 
  why there 's an enclave on slavic-speaking germans in far east of the country , next to polish and czech borders ? 
  the rise of the populist and radical right in sweden . 
  this curve wants to be exponential . 
  i see the potential here . 
  also it seems that french tend believe in democracy more than the rest of europe . 
  when you live in a country where nearly everyone around you are more prosperous while at the same time you do n't appreciate their values and their way of living you become marginalized and possibly radicalized if you have your own ` thing ' to believe in . 
  even if you do n't , you become marginalized , fertile ground for any radical ideas that can give hope for getting out from social and financial poverty . 
  the ` problem ' with poland is that many people themselves are not very prosperous - by western standards . 
  this situation does n't crete a huge gap between them and refugees and thus they are less likely to become radical muslims . 
  also our society is qute traditional and ( as much as it 's possible after nazi and soviet occupation ) based on christian values . 
  because political correctnes is n't very fashionable people tend to be honest . 
  it creates a clear situation where all cards are on the table : you 're muslim ; you 're in poland ; you wo n't be rich by western standards so better start working really hard to make a living or escape to western eu as many poles do themselves ; if you 'd like to stay you 're welcome to but : 1 ) find work , 2 ) be respectful , 3 ) be a ` good ' muslim ( google  tatars in poland ) . 
  the only situation in which i can imagine a refugee wanting to stay in poland is when he applies all adivce from point no . 
  4 or gets some nice benefits from germoney ( ehm eu - which would be a strange situation with some interesting implications ) . 
  i do n't mean to offend anyone but this is how i see it through an experience of being migrant and pole myself . 
  : poland is a great country to live in but not everyone will like it ... while nearly everyone will ` like ' living in de or uk because if someone does n't like their culture , he/she at least likes their money . 
  ( of course there 's a lot other things to like about de and uk , 
  thanks for the link . 
  interesting , i did n't realize that only 2.6 mln muslims live in us . 
  in poland it would be kowalski , from kowal - blacksmith . 
  there is another popular , although not occupational , surname - nowak . 
  its entymology is either ` newcomer ' or ` amateur ' . 
  it might mean somone who converts to new faith , as christianity . 
  thank you for the link . 
  i am aware for that . 
  it is a temporary relief . 
  sooner or later the subject of a polish plumber will return ... unless something really bad ( like war or natural disaster ) happens , which i hope will not . 
  __________ regarding ukip , these new regulations are pretty harsh for eu citizens . 
  everyone for themselves is not a good idea but ` world government ' is not good either . 
  imho reforming eu would do but introducing these measures ... 
  i have a notion that it 'd be a step too far . 
  imho the enemy needs to have universal influence on all eu nations - internally or externally . 
  because there is no external power that would be able to threaten all of the eu equally the threat needs to come from within . 
  in times of external , non-universal danger each country starts making calculations for itself . 
  wherever they are from , there is a good side to this crisis . 
  concretely , people like farage ( ukip in uk ) and his supporters have put aside anti-eu immigration rhethoric and got busy talking about refugees . 
  i personally find it quite relieving , especially after nearly a year of intense electoral debate and many comments made against ( but also in favour of ) eastern ( ehm central in case of poland ) europeans . 
  from this point of view eu needs internal enemy to maintain integrity , otherwise we become enemies to ourselves , what happened in the past . 
  does n't it mean that swedes actually want to get rid of some assets that have potential to diversify their culture ? 
  i 'm just confused and wondering if this counter-demonstration is organized by left-wing swedes or normal swedish people . 
  now i see why most of the immigrants getting to europe through mediterranean sea do n't want to stay in italy . 
  the route to austria/germany seems to be shorter through slovenia . 
  why croatian government insists on moving immigrants through hungary ? 
  because what poland and europe need is a pro-eu conservative government . 
  if there are people who are able to find balance between these two extremes , eu will survive . 
  they may be equal in rights but are certainly not equal in capabilities . 
  in this sense making them equal is unnatural . 
  i 'm not underestimating his motives but being moved `` as a desk officer to the space unit of dg grow , dealing with the assignment of the launching of the galileo satellites , to soyuz '' sounds pretty interesting too . 
  so it seems that he was pretty committed to what he was doing . 
  being unemployed in one 's home country also means social exclusion . 
  it 's often a choice between no friends or no money and friends . 
  i understand your point of view and i think it 's very valid . 
  expats ' situations are usually more complicated though . 
  that would be great . 
  promised land is where the money are . 
  the money follow good people ( or oil ) . 
  will they find good people in europe ? 
  i mean , not people who are ready to pay any price to forget about the past but the ones who are honestly good to each other . 
  bad news . 
  what 's the truth then , so that we can compare ? 
  the stuff they 're taking on bbc ? 
  rt has its own agenda like other media as bbc , guardian or ( espacially ) euronews . 
  so there is no reason not to believe it more than the other ones . 
  things may not be like they appear they are : https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/business/wonkblog/majority-illusion/, 
  they 'd better reject mandatory refugee quotas , increase personal tax allowance and fix zus ( social security office that eats money like there 's no tomorrow - literally ) . 
  that demonstration does n't help . 
  i 'd imagine that for a real british eurosceptic union jack would be in the front and eu flag in the back . 
  but then in europe they 'd probably sell them reversed . 
  there were russian planes above poland , scandinavian countries , baltics and even uk recently . 
  there was some exchange of arguments between parties involved but nobody shot them down . 
  one will play a cowboy , one will get wild west on his territory . 
  we went through this in europe and we 'd like to avoid this in the future . 
  russians are just russians , they violate airspaces like french eat baguettes , germans make cars or americans wars . 
  interesting letter . 
  so they 've officially shot down a plane of ` unknown nationality ' , at least at the point of the incident taking place . 
  my guess is that they do n't like russians fighting isis , they do like isis doing their job and they ca n't admit that they 've shot down this jet because it was ruissian since that would mean conceding that they indirectly support isis - what is unofficially obvious . 
  the problem is that people do not understand that multiculturalism and integration are two different things . 
  if they 're integrated they become like us ant there 's no multiculturalism - unless someone thinks that multiculturalism is about multiracialism which is not the case . 
  but then if one wants to integrate them , one wants to destroy their culture which they will oppose . 
  on the other hand , when one wants to preserve multiculturalism one wo n't be able to avoid conflicts - due to the presence of different cultures . 
  the only way to sort it out is to keep cultures separated on their own lands , with their own laws , but respectful towards each other and open - in sense of free cultural movement of people .
