perhaps you should actually find out what political correctness actually means !, 
  * nationalism, 
  the quote regarding the fact that all these people will be fully entitled to benefits is a lie , they must prove contribution to the own nations taxation system before individuals are allowed to be integrated into the german social security . 
  if they can not prove this , they must wait 5 years . 
   i 'm keeping in mind that this was on n\u00fcrnburg and i get the impression is exceptional average in its germanness and exceptionally normal . 
  if you know i mean . 
  it 's probably a lot more german than other places in germany . 
  bavaria is still quite traditional in comparison to other states of germany . 
  berlin for example will have all the general rules , but are not observed so strictly . 
  i also found this programme quite amusing with regards to david cameron 's speech about the british should be more german on the work ethic , but the government are systematically implementing and desiring the exact opposite . 
  it may be undeniable truth , but you just need to look how many far-right group members actively embrace and belief it did n't happen , all around the world . 
  do n't reply unless you know what you 're talking about fuck face !, 
  forget about individuals , just generalise you racist !, 
  what 's your point ? 
  not a majority , would of had to be a coalition if pr was used . 
  plus av is n't really pr . 
  av was merely suggested by the tories to shut the lib dems up in my opinion , if full pr was offered i think people would of voted for it . 
  yes cars are the big thing , it might be political suicide to do so , but then there is the problem . 
  no politician has any guts to do the right thing : / so they only have them selfs to blame and hence should be fined because of it , not just complain because they do n't have a spine to improve the lives for everyone . 
  people complain about smoking in confined spaces , but i 'm pretty sure more people die from pollution then second hand smoke . 
  i think the last count was 30,000 / year from air pollution . 
  truth should hurt for the betterment of society . 
  as much as i do n't like the combination , at least it 's a bit more democratic . 
  completely ignored the voting system did n't you . 
  was n't really a majority though was it , far more people voted for other parties . 
  it 's just the fucked up voting system which allows the tories to call it a ` majority ' ... a totally twisted logic if you ask me . 
  edit : and yes , for anyone who voted tory , you 're a selfish moron !, 
  that 's utter rubbish , it 's the lack of investment and forward thinking by the government/mayor . 
  it 's like the story of the squirrel who did n't save enough nuts for winter , because he was playing around and relaxing instead of thinking for the future . 
  then when he finally has no nut , he goes running and complaining to the other squirrels but does n't seem to recognise his lack of responsibility . 
  no they voted conservatives because their selfish morons . 
  well these industries should of been forced to clean up their act , even if it included help from the government . 
  it 's only due to the uk lax attitude towards the environment is why they paying more now and whining like bitches . 
  where is the foresight ? 
  and remember , if the environment is fucked , there will be hardly no industry . 
  germany has a huge manufacturing industry , they still seem to be able to control their pollutions levels , wonder why that is eh ? 
  thanks for the words of rationality . 
  seems to be tad too little of it at the moment . 
  asylum seekers <  refugees !, 
  `` asylum seekers '' is generally all she need to say for me to know she talks bullshit . 
  ... also my personal experience of afd members , they arrogant selfish arseholes . 
   jumping in front of a horse did far less for womens suffrage than the countless women who worked in factories during ww1 the women in ww1 factories have nothing to do with women 's rights what so ever , they where forced to by the state , because the kings from all the imperial powers decided to have a big argument and make innocent people fight for them . 
  ww1 is possible the most pathetic war that was ever fought . 
  it was the women on the streets speaking out for their rights and attempting to show the stupidity of treating women as inferior . 
  it was also the women who had to suffer from the police attacks and spat on from the morons who just stood by and refused to speak up for them . 
  power has so much to answer for . 
   in the uk the then prime minister was caught calling someone a bigot because they asked where polish migrants were coming from yes i remember this , i was living in the uk at the time . 
  it was a stupid question of hers and to choose eastern europeans is somewhat bigoted in public conversation . 
  why not say `` where are all these jews coming from '' , it 's not much different . 
  i agree that using the term racist , xenophobic and prejudice need to be used in the correct manner , because there are far to many people who say racist when they mean xenophobic etc. 
  it all comes down to education . 
   but the important thing is that people feel they are being taken seriously . 
  totally agree , but when it comes to government and power , when have the general people ever been taken seriously ? 
  the powerful say and do things only for greater power . 
  i think the likes of jeremy corbyn are helping to show a more human and understanding approach to a better democracy , you do n't have to agree with his policies to see his far closer to the bottom ( people ) and happier to punch upwards compared to david cameron and the likes who do n't ever listen unless they have a vested interest . 
  nothing in society changes without shouting loudly , what would of happened with the suffragettes if they remained quiet , same with lgbt , workers rights etc etc. 
  there are a lot of power structure which want to prevent these change because it benefits them to keep the status quo . 
  with refugees we 're talking about people who have almost zero power . 
  the problem is the right seem to think its okay to completely ignore these people and that 's a very big problem , what 's even worse people are happy attack or kill them . 
  look at the argument about the banning the burka , what has that got to do with refugees , what it seems more to do with is they 're mostly muslim and the usa and other western nations have had an active propaganda campaign for more than 15 + years now of saying how savage etc they are . 
  this is almost identical to the persecution of the jews in the 30s :( weirdest and saddest part about pegida is that a good majority of the people who are protesting , generally attend because they have separate concerns about their own lives and and surroundings ( which is directly the fault of the state and the powerful ) , but they appear to stand under the racist flag of pegida . 
  also the percentage of foreigners in dresden is tiny , some of the lowest amounts in the whole of germany . 
  personally i 'm pretty far left , but i understand it 's an evolutionary process and do n't ask for the entire system to be destroyed tomorrow . 
  i believe in no border , no nations and unjustified power , but of course i know this ca n't happen in the current reality because of existing power structures , lack of education , food and inherited lies . 
  anyway , sorry about the rant , just all this craziness is really depressing me and i do n't see a logical end at the moment . 
  now your deviating . 
  how about your country and the other eu countries start following the un conventions . 
  what are you even on about ? 
  you 're speaking gibberish . 
   left terror excuse me , at least they 're not attacking and burning refugees homes . 
  those are powerful words , i hope you can provide some support evidence on how helping refugees is destroying the future ( or is it because they 're possibly muslim or brown ? ) . 
  considering how certain countries where involved with destabilising the entire region with war and invasion , i do n't now how you can put the blame on nations which are helping the victims of these recent wars . 
  you 're blaming the wrong people , divide and conquer is a powerful tactic . 
  lulz at point one , the old ww2 jibes do n't get old  but regarding the refugees point , now you 're just trolling . 
  the future and history we 're now writing will thank the people who helped those most in need . 
  germans committed some of the worst crimes in recent european history to learn this and it wo n't be forgotten to help protect the future . 
  long as you have your bacon and a sour heart , but if the day comes that the danes need support , expect your selves to be pillaged too . 
  it 's disgusting and unnecessarily targeting the weak . 
  the only areas you will find people having any pride of being prussian would be in the eastern areas of berlin and brandenburg , as that was historically the prussian kingdom . 
  thanks for these videos , 
  i 'm curious how this is even constitutionally allowed , this is n't an act of defence and where is the un resolution to support it ? 
  yeah a stupidly difficult situation :(, 
  i think there may be a path if people to start getting educated about the different branches of islam , most of the islamic terror seems to stem from the saudi supported https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wahhabism and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salafi_movement branches , which are ultraconservative and very unforgiven towards their ideas of heretics . 
  attempting to isolate this group and confront them with their double standards , practices and propaganda would possibly be a start , but most importantly it needs to stem from muslim community them selves , if these ultraconservatives lose support among their own religious kind , then they will be hugely weakened . 
  but end of the day , there is not much difference between all ultraconservative types , you look at the zionist movements , evangelical movements and the 2 mentioned about , they 're all as irrational as each other ( sure they have rationality based on historic books ) , and all use violence and hideous propaganda to achieve their goals . 
  we need a new enlightenment to fight against these xenophobic individuals/groups . 
  i just hope this ends with a positive outcome for all man kind . 
  then expect people to think your dumb . 
  then stop using the word evil . 
   they are doing it because they are evil . 
  keep your godly ideas out of this . 
   anymore with diplomatic oppositions there has been no diplomacy at all . 
   this is n't an appropriate time to talk about it followed by  but when switzerland passed the immigration laws , europe really came down on us , yet now it seems like it 's the norm . 
  destroying isis will do nothing , the problem exists in every part of the world and every part of those affected societies . 
  it 's an impossible formula to solve . 
  it 's needs to come from the ground up , which is n't likely to happen any time soon . 
  piss off . 
  oh sorry , missed your name there . 
  says the person who uses a 3 % total figure as opposed to a figure of individuals newly employed on zero hour over recent years . 
  sure they are !,
