  i 'd be dubious about the employment numbers , considering zero hour contracts and the horrid misuse of sanctions against jsa claimants . 
  you 're delusional , stupid or a troll . 
  i 'm a german who grew up in the uk , i moved back to germany 3 years ago . 
  i experience a similar situation where in germany i 'm british and in britain i 'm german , obviously your point is more extreme , but i can understand what it 's like to not really be allowed an identity without someone pointing out that i 'm something else . 
  i imagine as a child or teenager being giving these conflicting ideas could easily direct youngsters into a ghetto culture , but again this is totally up to the individual , as it 's not something i ever did . 
   women do n't simply fall pregnant . 
  yes but women are humans , and humans do make mistakes . 
  also women can be a victims of rape . 
  or women can incur major suffering from pregnancy which might mean they ca n't cope with it . 
  so it 's well within their rights to terminate at their own request . 
  request a termination is a very difficult course of action for the majority of women to make , it 's not the same as popping a pill , its an extremely emotional and traumatic experience . 
  now i do agree with you there should be a cut off point , which does already exist , so there is no real argument there . 
   you 're still forcefully extracting a human life - your offspring from the uterus , and dumping it in a bin . 
  yeah it 's not pleasant , i do n't think anyone can object to that point , but it 's more disturbing to allow a child to be born who wo n't get the love and nurturing it required , dumbing the child on a church or state is not really a good alternative as babies are incredibly sensitive , this option should only exist for situations where there is no alternative . 
   there are a great many doctors in the uk that do , which is why we have freedom of conscience laws enabling doctors to refer women elsewhere . 
  i can only assume that 's why abortion clinics exist . 
   also , people are well within their right to take a moral stance informed by their religion . 
  yeah , but they should keep it to them selves and govern their own bodies as they see fit , it 's not their business what others do if it has no negative impact on wider society . 
  there only one person behaving like a teenager here . 
  no , you 're the disgusting one , allowing religious bigotry to imprison women for a choice about their own body . 
  haha , i was waiting for that old chestnut . 
   the primary reason for brexit was because people want their own government to make decisions that impact them . 
  good luck with that !, 
   if you ca n't manage your own party , it hardly bodes well for your ability to manage a nation . 
  manage a nation , really ? 
  is theresa may sitting there with all the switches and gauges controlling the country is she ? 
  the civil services and the entire government work together to manage the nation and if the tories decided to no listen anymore , there fuck all she could do about it . 
  most of your points there are complete bollocks and are rehashed version of common tabloid narratives/lies . 
  terrorist sympathisers is great one , well done !, 
  polls are bollocks when people are hugely misinformed , seems to be a common problem in the uk at the moment unfortunately . 
  and what is wrong with socialist principles ? 
  regarding miliband , that 's up for debate , in my opinion he was beaten because he was just another blaire drone , also do n't forget the pathetic tabloid media smearing of him too . 
  corbyn is being hugely misrepresented also . 
  some of your points you 've raise here are clear misinformation by the british tabloid media . 
  democracy and socialism are two separate concepts , does n't mean they ca n't work in conjunction with each other . 
  it 's not easy to organise a party that 's actively attacking and undermining him at every opportunity . 
  what views of his are extreme ? 
  i 'd love to know `` why '' his unelectable , i get the feeling people are just recycling the media narrative . 
   this is how democracies are meant to function . 
  when it functions , at the moment british democracy is pretty unrepresentative . 
  facts and rational thinking have gone out of the window . 
  i only see people like corbyn endorsing actual democratic approach towards problems . 
  u.k. has a sophisticated sex education programs ? 
  not from what i remember in the 90s , we watch a video in science class once ( which was crap ) and then spoke about anatomy , that was it . 
  far from sophisticated . 
  i can agree with that . 
  my mum lived in the uk for 30 years and still has an accent . 
  i think you mean nationalism . 
  look up the evangelical vote in the usa and see how many of them are supporting and reinforcing the bigotry of the trump administration . 
  81 % of evangelicals voted for trump , probably because of pence . 
  the a book called `` american fascism '' covers the subject . 
  because it annoys people like your self by pointing out the irony of the religious bigotry . 
  a r/the _ donald goon here . 
  god you guys are easy to spot . 
  yes i did consider the inflation but could n't be bothered to work it out , 
  eu wo n't be effected too badly , because the costs involved are going to rise on imported goods into the uk , meaning british people will pay higher prices . 
  so unfortunately there is only one group of people who are really going to suffer and it 's the british . 
  the rich british wo n't mind , but the working classes on the other hand . 
  clearly you know nothing of karl marx or what he wrote about . 
  yeah totally , i mean what kind of a man are you if you ca n't even start and sustain a business with a measly million dollars . 
  and 10 magical stories too . 
   trump being elected shows that the americans are sick of the establishment what a big pile of bullshit that is , sounds pretty much like she 's sucking him off . 
  everyone knows that trump lives for the establishment . 
  that 's a contributing factor sure , one of my siblings went thru hard childhood too , but he never decided to set off a bomb and kill a load of children . 
  if you do n't like progress then ditch your computer and all your medical facilities , because progress is for bigots . 
  moron like to generalise and categories entire groups of people . 
  yep , the russian revolution really showed the russian establishment whose boss . 
  what 's great is that most of the original series of pumuckl is on youtube :d also love how honest and gritty the series can be too , really touching on morals and themes of everyday life . 
  oh look we have neo-nazi here , it 's a new account and also spreads videos with the term `` cultural marxist '' . 
  for those who do n't understand my point , cultural marxist is a re-iteration of the term cultural bolshevism used by the nazis . 
  the term created and used primarily by the neo-nazis and white supremacists to attack their opponents with . 
  perfect comparison , although eddit hitler seemed to be more consistent . 
  okay i just want to clarify , my original point was why authoritarianism and communism are mutually exclusive by definition , i 'm not the guy with the answers on revolution or how we reformat society to achieve the goal of communism . 
  i 'm aware of your concern about you 're own right to do what you want to do , that 's perfectly reasonable . 
  communism as a concept is about how to structure the economy , not necessarily about your individual rights . 
  personally i 'm more in favour of a libertarian socialist approach towards society as it keeps the balance between individual rights and the collective good . 
  also , regarding private property , everyone would have the mandated right to property for their existence without question , but it simply means you do no own it or have the right to fuck it up for future generations etc. 
  if you had a wonderful idea you wanted to advance , i do n't see how owning property would stop this unless you want to create a big factory , which at that point everyone in your community is a stake holder , because it effects them directly . 
  anyway sorry for being frosty . 
  totally different debate , jeez stay on subject . 
  have a good evening because clearly your not going to be pleasant . 
  oh so you either want power over others or you want to produce something where it 's just you and possibly your family ? 
  grow up . 
   most third world countries are shit because of the corrupt governments because of class system and capitalism , it exploits the predatory behaviour in humans towards the less powerful in society . 
   take china for instance , after opening their markets they have lifted literally hundreds of millions out of poverty . 
  yes true , but there are still over 600 million chinese in poverty and can never hope to improve their lives without moving to one of the eastern mega cities and allowing them selves to be grossly exploited for our luxury goods . 
  perhaps you should read das kapital before carrying on with your ideas , because the primary focus of the book is about the definition of capitalism and how it actually operates . 
  finally , yes capitalism does initially bring a lot of people out of poverty , but only to the detriment of other people or the environment . 
  we can thank capitalism to bringing us to this point , but capitalism as a system can not sustain our civilisation going forward . 
  i 'm not advocating communism or socialism is the complete solution , but it certainly is a far more humanist and environmentally conscious approach towards society , resources and trade . 
  no , ideally they would become fellow workers with equal rights and abilities to input in the process of production . 
  jesus you and you 're fascination of killing and persecution : /, 
  there would be no owners in a communist society , that 's the entire point , the owners would be the workers collectively in a democratic work place . 
  this is what 's meant by destroying the class divide . 
  i 'm not suggesting this is perfect or completely workable , but that is one of the key principles . 
  although this is more the socialist path towards a communist society where all levels of civilization are on equal standing on regards to resource and social need . 
  also of course you can have a legal framework in such societies , just the laws would be directed towards a socialist world view as opposed to a capitalist one . 
  you 've shown your narrow understanding on the subject . 
  go to any third world country or anywhere that has a lot of poor and ask them `` does capitalism make your life better ? '', 
  you wo n't get such a positive reaction as you may think it deserves , your opinion is the `` well i 'm alright so fuck everyone else i do n't see '' mentality .
