parking your car inside your living room if possible . 
   almo\u00e7os ajantarados i would learn portuguese and go to portugal just for that . 
  sounds great . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
   no women allowed near the grill . 
  they can go chop up some salad or something . 
   shanson music ( gangsta pop ) . 
  midi music played on sound blaster 16 and lyrics about how you are repressed by the man , how unfaithful your woman is and how you love your old mother . 
  for some reason these two are hilarious to me . 
  did you forget the word * be ? 
  yea i guess it goes the other way around for france and america though . 
  americans think that all of france is paris . 
  they have this romantic vision of narrow cobblestone streets and elegant people smoking cigarettes at cafes and everything is fancy and elegant and perfectly preserved in time . 
  they 're not completely wrong about all that but they do n't really know the darnest thing about modern french life and politics . 
  i mean , honestly , that can be said about american 's perspectives on most european countries . 
  either they ca n't find it on a map or they have an outdated vision of it left over from their high school european history last . 
  i guess that 's why you always hear references to nazis if germany is brought up , the fact that french are pussies when it comes to war , or reference the fact that they have a family heritage from x country -- because they have no other reference to refer to . 
  i guess it 's hard to acquire full exposure to a european country 's modern zeitgeist , trends , culture , etc. 
  unless you visit , but only 1/3 of americans even have passports . 
  otherwise , it 's not like dutch television shows play on tv or german movies come out in major movie theatres . 
  i had some pretty yummy main course pancakes in amsterdam complete with pine nuts , garlic oil , spinach , and goat cheese . 
  looks like a brazilian enchilada . 
  what does that mean ? 
  i know what you 're saying buddy . 
  i ca n't explain for sure why it 's only become a thing in the last 20 years but it might have something to do not with an increased number of mexicans in the us but rather the increased globalization of brands and foodstuffs . 
  there 's a couple of articles about actually . 
  [ here 's a more basic one ] ( http://onthegas.org/food/the-globalization-of-mexican-food ) and [ here 's ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1478-0542.2007.00509.x/abstract ) an academic one that you might need a subscription for . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of settlers of catan , ticket to ride , carcassonne . 
  not complaining . 
  their products are good for both price and quality . 
  why trying to meet as many other dutch people as possible ? 
  here in the south of france in summertime , it seems like every other license plate on a caravan is nl !, 
  same in france . 
  everything in america is california and americans are either fat retarded assholes or really cool hip actors , rappers , or barack obama . 
  especially with young people , who you see wearing american flag t-shirts and who follow of their favorite celebrities on instagram . 
  in france they have one brand of mexican food old el paso is most all grocery stores . 
  i 've seen a couple mexican restaurants in different cities but they 're really not common at all . 
  also a lot of the ` mexican ' food sold is not at all what its supposed to be . 
  like they have a lot of street food type restaurants that sell `` tacos '' . 
  the one that i ate the other night was basically a tortilla ( french galette ) with french fries , chicken nuggets , white sauce , and ketchup inside . 
  i know , that just screams mexican , right ? 
  but yes i would kill for some authentic , good mexican food . 
  interesting . 
  but i disagree about the suit part . 
  it takes at least a little bit of knowledge to know how to wear a suit properly . 
  [ example ] ( http://drewwilliamspt.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/jk_bad_suit_2.jpg ), 
  i mentioned that because sometimes you can use it to spot the french tourists in other countries kind of like how northface is characteristic of americans . 
  when i was visiting my friend in london , her french roommate called me out as being `` so french '' because of my quechua bag . 
  also , when i was telling a story involving the fact that my ( french ) boyfriend and his friends vacation in corsica every summer , he rolled his eyes and said `` wow they 're so french ! '', 
  wow that 's really interesting !, 
  do you have any more or any observations for germany ? 
  all jokes aside ( americans are fat * haha * ) their clothes are really small , not even just out of the range for plus size people . 
  i 'm average height and weight and usually wear an m at stores like h&m but the other day i was looking for a pair of [ black leggings ] ( http://i.imgur.com/drt9ayg.jpg ) and i could n't get their xl over my butt . 
  what are they making , pants for ants ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll remember to get back to you if i decide to create it / get it moving in the future !, 
  it could have just gotten buried . 
  i 'll try posting again later in the week with some more , fully baked ideas . 
  thank you !, 
  i know what you 're saying and agree completely . 
  conversely , if anyone has a pro-european opinion or anything remotely critical of the united states in subs like / r/politics or / r/news , it will get downvoted or people will comment with idiotic `` americuh , freedom ! '', 
  comments , or people who have no idea what they 're talking about or no interest to add to the conversation will make defensive , misinformed comments defending the us . 
  there 's no real coherent , balanced discussion . 
  this thread is n't getting a lot of upvotes / attention so maybe i 'll make a cross post in / r/europeans or / r/askaeuropean . 
  maybe i should just create it first , and publicize after ? 
  what do you think ? 
  yes . 
  ah , yes . 
  [ somethings its hard to keep track of all his scandals . 
  from wikipedia : ulrich `` uli '' hoene\u00df is the former president of german football club bayern munich and a retired german footballer . 
  hoene\u00df was accused of tax evasion and his trial began on 10 march 2014 . 
  the fc bayern m\u00fcnchen ag supervisory board had a `` unanimous opinion '' that hoene\u00df should continue in his role despite being sent to trial . 
  during the trial , he admitted evading 28.5 million euros in taxes . 
  he was subsequently found guilty of seven serious counts of tax evasion and sentenced to three and a half years in prison on 13th march 2014 . 
  the following day he resigned from his roles as president of bayern munich e.v. 
  and chairman of the board of bayern munich ag and announced that he would not be appealing against his sentence . 
  just some clarifications : * former french president nicholas sarkozy and many of his private conversations with close aides and his wife , carla bruni , were recorded by patrick buisson ( buisson , a former historian and journalist with links to the far-right national front party ) . 
  nothing sarkozy says is particularly explosive but it 's sent the political class in a fritz who see it as a betrayal and a potential threat to national security . 
  carla bruni was recorded saying something about how sarkozy is whipped and her role as first lady prevented her from selling her line of face wrinkle creams . 
  not surprising . 
  they 're still suing though . 
  current president hollande 's government is sort of being wrapped up in this scandal too . 
  vis-a-vis whether or not they were aware of the phone tapping on sarkozy . 
  like hadok said , the scrutiny has been focused on justice minister christiane taubira . 
  * this all conveniently is being released right before local elections next month . 
  the tapes are meant to discredit the right wing and yada yada . 
  also the first line is in the wrong verb tense . 
  should be `` 2 police officers * have been sitting * in jail since friday . 
  this is just an anecdote that 's probably only tangentially related but i recently visited my boyfriend 's parents in the clermont-ferrand area which is surrounded by a volcanic chain ( the cha\u00eene des puys ) in the massif central . 
  they 're building a new house and have been using the various flavors of local volcanic rock for everything from floor tile to kitchen counters . 
  it looks really nice . 
  was . 
  joke . 
  i would definitely not play it up as `` cerebral '' neither for the athletes nor the viewers . 
  that 's using the word cerebral very , very loosely . 
  there is definitely strategy that goes into it , choosing the plays and whatnot , but that 's usually done off the field by the coaches or defensive coordinators and sometimes is decided upon in advance . 
  the majority of people watching the game do n't take notice of the play formations watching the game and the players mostly do what they 're told after having practiced the said play the whole week before . 
  suggesting that american football involves some sort of complicated chess-like concentration and strategy is a definite stretch . 
  hehe maybe i should have said liking something that 's american . 
  i know that french people do like things but under the sole condition that it 's french or made / done by another french person .
