  i guess because all the companies pull out their very best for the super bowl so you know they 're going to be funny . 
  it 's like you 're here to watch a great sport and then they 're going to show you a bunch of hilarious unannounced youtube videos in between . 
  i got my boyfriend who is french really into american football and any time my team is playing an important match ( and it 's not 3 in the bloody morning ) we pop popcorn and maybe make cheeseburgers for dinner and watch what is a really enjoyable sport . 
  in the heat of the moment he even yells somewhat-correct things in english at the tv that end up being really funny with his accent . 
  so , yea , if you can get a french person to like something , that 's saying something . 
  ah , yes , hence my love hate relationship with the french . 
  to be clear , i was mostly asking if `` you '' had been to the us as a rhetorical device , to express that many people are seemingly experts without having any experience . 
  similarly in france , i see plenty of documentaries and reports on french tv about the us that allow french people to feel informed ( while americans are ignorant ) though coincidently a lot of them frustrate me because they pick and choose news stories or pieces of news stories that fit into a national narrative of big fat coca cola drinking , mcdonalds eating , drone striking united states . 
  in the same vein , i do n't like to see any mildly-critical-of-the-us comment being down voted to oblivion in ( assumably american-dominated ) reddit . 
  so if there 's any place on this site critical , let it be r/europe . 
  some brit/canadian or whoever will say something in r/politics along the lines of `` americas healthcare is a shame and you should be ashamed '' and even though americans know it deep down they 'll try and defend it to the death just because they ca n't stand any anonymous foreigner over the internet saying it . 
  i 've seen comments like `` americans eat wax for chocolate , come to switzerland if you want the good stuff '' insight rage and down votes galore . 
  anyway , i try to not let my american nationalism cloud my daily perspective ( i 'm very critical of a lot of us foreign and domestic policy and even cultural aspects that i see guide many americans day to day lives , but i do believe the us is a net good force in the world and am proud of a lot of what we do/who we are ) but sometimes in france it 's overwhelming having to constantly defend the us and i find myself being more patriotic here than i would normally be at home . 
  it 's like carrying around baggage . 
  people who i 've just met will be like `` oh you voted for george bush and your dad did too and i know this because you 're american and you 're * blonde * '' ( actually happened ) and it gets old . 
  i wonder how the french would act if american main stream media regularly picked up small-scale french news stories and put a different spin on them . 
  like , your government ca n't pay its debt so it 's going to target professional sports teams and make them pay a retroactive 70 % income tax !? 
  what pathetic person is making decisions over there ?? 
  you 're banning muslim women from wearing the veil in public , and you call yourself a democracy ?!, 
  who the hell do you think you are ? 
  but then i stop and look at the different historical and political contexts and try and understand before saying somethings good or despicable . 
  like you said french people are generally chauvinistic and i think sometimes it gives people pleasure to have an easy target like the us to point their finger at and say well we 're better than * that . 
  * and i agree with your statement about french being bad at foreign languages . 
  it makes you vulnerable to go out of your comfort zone and make mistakes in a foreign language and be at the mercy of native speakers , and often pride stops them from doing so . 
  but anyway , i really can go on forever about this so ill stop myself here . 
  talking with my dutch friends here is often refreshing because you have all the worldliness and interest usually associated with a european , but without the pretense . 
  because i 'm american who 's been living in europe for a while and this happens a lot . 
  many french people think this , not even as a joke , and i get it a lot that people can `` teach me a thing or two '' about my own country . 
  though the majority of french people have seen loads of documentaries and whatnot on the us when they have no cultural or other context to put it in . 
  therefore , i resent perpetuating this stereotype when there 's no context included . 
  it 's like i were to say african people are like * this * lol !, 
  but like have you ever been to africa ? 
  what part of africa are you talking about ? 
  what is this african 's background or social class ? 
  idk , i apologize for getting so offended . 
  i guess it 's just a pet peeve of mine . 
  read it, 
  no i get it , but as a european you 're arrogant . 
  * get it ?!, 
  * that 's a joke too !, 
  but it 's based in reality , like that stick is based in [ your ass ] ( http://www.expatax.nl/generalfacts.php ) . 
  no i get it , but as a european you 're arrogant and have a stick in your ass . 
  * get it ?!, 
  * that 's a joke too !, 
  so much american hate . 
  how many different regions / countries could the average european identify in east asia , for example ? 
  how many people would tend to confuse china , taiwan , and hong kong ? 
  it is a different continent , and sometimes a geographical distance makes a big difference when you have n't had the opportunity to sit and think about all your neighbors and what 's going on to the immediate north and south and east and west of where your home is . 
  that 's a pretty excellent description of france in general if you ask me . 
  whys that ? 
  no , i 've had them a couple of places and like i said , they have no taste !, 
  i like other spanish food a lot but this ... 
  does n't do it for me . 
  or if you 're from provence , daube , fougasse , tapenade , and for dessert a tarte trop\u00e9zienne . 
  edit : could n't figure out formatting , deleted pics . 
  has no taste . 
  i 'm just imagining kerry running along a queue of every single british citizen , slapping every one in the face . 
  i would translate `` amusant '' as amusing or entertaining in this context . 
  funny is usually for humorous things that make you laugh . 
  in france minimum wage ( smic ) is like 1457 $ . 
  apparently in germany it 's supposed to be a little higher : www.ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6652357/3-26022015-ap-en.pdf/42097ff5-231b-4116-b0cf-8a28ca316f8, 
   with fewer robust arguments than thesaurus tabs open . 
  you nailed it . 
  i found this rather annoying ; the author criticized the language for having too much vocabulary while he himself used highly inaccessible verbiage that even most native speakers would need to read twice to understand . 
   can english 's hyperglossia be tempered ? 
  not at this rate !, 
  for me too , the word agriculture does conjure up images foremost of green fields and the growth of plants , though i guess the official definition includes the raising of animals too :  the science , art , or occupation concerned with cultivating land , raising crops , and feeding , breeding , and raising livestock ; farming . 
  agriculture being the umbrella term , i think this more specifically would fall under `` animal husbandry '' or `` sanitary and phytosanitary regulations '' . 
  / r/chargeyourphone, 
  i live in a wealthy city in the south of france ( aix-en-provence ) who did n't vote fn . 
  it 's the blue and pink blob above marseille on these maps : http://imgur.com/sxhkc2o http://imgur.com/h9zrvtg i did n't vote because i 'm not a french national but neither did my boyfriend , who is . 
  even for him the choice he would have had to make was n't easy because he was choosing between `` the racists '' ( fn ) and the `` mafia '' / `` thieves '' who are in power despite much scandal . 
  the lack of a viable alternative has been the fn 's greatest ally really . 
  it 's a term and definition used in economics . 
  this is disgusting . 
  obviously , the word refugee implies that these * people * are escaping volatile , potentially lethal situations in their own countries , as made clear by the international news on the revolutions and concurrent , often violent government suppression taking place in the middle east/africa right now . 
  so why are european news stations so quick to report on the `` flooding '' populations , and unspecified rates of petty crime allegedly brought by such political evacuees , all the time panning shots of average-looking , albeit dark-skinned foreigners ? 
  i failed to recognize one reason why these people 's presence marks a disruption of the `` peace '' that existing before . 
  instead , this news report validates the racist fears of citizens who are `` too afraid to leave their houses at night '' and poses these displaced people ( who * of course * are yet without work or pressing agendas in their new havens ) as indolent , suspect intruders . 
  just the verbiage of them being `` crammed '' on boats , etc , creates , in my opinion , this rampant if not latent view of emigrants in europe as somehow subhuman . 
  edit : formatting edit : also , as a hurricane katrina evacuee , i have had an experience as a refugee of a different form . 
  i was welcomed graciously , without reservation in my community/high school in illinois . 
  meanwhile , friends who relocated closer to home , to places that received a lot of evacuees treated them like shit . 
  in their high schools , they were all put in the same classroom and not taught during the school day . 
  others in houston were discriminated against for being from new orleans or black . 
  perhaps some eventual antipathy comes with living in an area that receives a constant number of displaced persons , as in the case of us-mexico border , large european or mediterranean cities . 
  would anyone be interested in a united states-europe comparison/dialogue subreddit ? 
  i know that there are certain subreddits like / r/askanamerican or / r/askaeuropean that allow for discussion and there are always american opinions giving a take in / r/europe . 
  though , i was wondering if there was any interest for creating a subreddit for those interested in articles , discussion , or other matters specifically addressing the crossover ? 
  personally , my interest stems from the fact that i am an american who has lived in france for the past couple of years . 
  i * really * enjoy learning about and discussing the differences between european cultures and systems and those of the united states . 
  this includes everything from differences in social security programs ( the welfare state / `` \u00e9tat providence '' and socialism ) , universal and free university education , ttip and trade , agriculture , cuisine and food habits , and international politics and security views . 
  i thoroughly enjoyed [ this ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/nadiaarumugam/2012/10/25/why-american-eggs-would-be-illegal-in-a-british-supermarket-and-vice-versa/ ) article posted recently somewhere on reddit that discussed european cap versus us agriculture and why eggs are refrigerated in the grocery stores in the us but not in the uk . 
  though , eggs are just one , very minor , possible topic of discussion . 
  there are quite a few other happenings that come to mind at this time where both the us and the eu countries are involved . 
  in my experience , i have found that the french and americans share a lot of cultural , historical , and political precedents , however , there is a definite lack of thorough understanding and conversation . 
  i find that i 'm pretty partial toward each side and love discussing the historical and societal precedents that make something `` normal '' in united states and deplorable in europe , or vice versa . 
  sometimes it 's like we figure that westerners are all the same in their way of thinking , except for some language barriers , and glance over the real fundamental cultural differences that make a political discussion unfold differently in one country than in another . 
  for example , for one of my masters classes we discussed a book on the historical evolution of insurance/social security in france and how i lead to current notions of the state being solely responsible for such things . 
  whereas , in the united states there never was this same historical evolution and health care and insurance , for the most part , remain an individual responsibility .
