yeah . 
  i mean , if you look at the big picture , it is not a truly big deal , but people in spain are generally very tired and this is starting to look like the last drop . 
  tl ; dr : mayor of burgos allocates 13 m $ to refurbish a street in gamonal , burgos , a very poor place with over 80 % unemployment rate . 
  citizens revolt against it because they feel the money could have a better use . 
  for example , they had seen their nursery school closed over the last year . 
  also , as it would happen in spain , the project goes to a buddy of the mayor . 
  they have been protesting now for days and it is escalating into a state issue . 
  nah , catalans are no better , to be honest . 
  they also have their fair share of corruption . 
  time to learn swedish , i guess ? 
  i am enjoying the irony that `` anticorrupci\u00f3n '' is trying really hard to prove that she is not corrupt . 
  sigh . 
  i have lost faith in the system in this god forsaken country . 
  blach hole cam ? 
  really ? 
  could n't they come up with a better name ? 
  it was a rhetorical question ... 
  but then again , that 's democracy , baby !, 
  if democracy scares you , you are ruling the wrong country , in a wrong continent . 
  the main source of division is all of them really . 
  pro-catalonians will say it is about culture and language ; pro-spaniards will say it is all about the filthy money ( there is this stereotype of catalonians being scrooges , not unlike scottish people ) . 
  from my point of view , we are not that different , but then again , i am not that different from an italian or a french person , i think . 
  and therein lies the whole point of europe . 
  and you would be surprised of the results if the referendum were to be held in the whole country . 
  the `` no '' would win , of course , because only people who feel strongly about it would vote , and those usually feel against it . 
  but i predict the turnout would be well below 50 % , you would be surprised about how little your regular spaniard cares about it . 
  if i had to vote , myself , i would not bother . 
  first , because no matter what the constitution says , it is not my problem , and therefore it is not my place to cast a vote , and second because this shit is usually held on sundays , and i normally am too busy being hungover to bother actually getting off my ass . 
  when i say `` ignoring '' i mean `` not advancing the situation '' . 
  sure , there has been a fuckton of debate , to what end ? 
  nothing or close to nothing has changed in the past years , there has been no advance or improvement . 
  if i were from catalonia , i would be pissed . 
  rajoy is just covering his ears , singing `` lalala '' really loud while shit goes off around him . 
  and yes , with that political leverage , we could maybe change the constitution , even if a little bit . 
  that thing has not been touched in 35 years , is it not time to add an amendment or two ? 
  i am not sure i get your analogy . 
  i do see you get one thing wrong : this referendum is not final , it is not the end , they are not going to split off the 10th of november if they succeed . 
  it is the start of a long process , if they succeed . 
  to me , the main problem here is not political , it is about freedom of speech . 
  i believe that everyone should have the right to express their stance however they please , and that no government should have the power to stop it . 
  yes , i totally agree with you . 
  i have said it in another posts : you guys have a strong independent feeling and should act on it . 
  hell , it should be your right to act on it . 
  the refusal of the government to even negotiate is currently only making things worse , and this situation could grow out of control pretty fast . 
  i do agree that catalonian politicians are taking advantage of the situation . 
  catalonian politicians are crappy people , as are politicians from madrid , galicia , or andaluc\u00eda , for that matter . 
  that said , the catalonian people have been claiming their right to speak up for themselves for a long time . 
  if we called it , dunno , `` consulta popular '' instead of referendum ( sorry , ca n't think of a good translation for that ) , we would get a very good measure of what the next step should be , for everyone . 
  from my point of view , one of the main problems here is that we do not know the real extent of this movement , with actual , official figures . 
  right wing parties and media keep claiming that the independent movement is just four extremist dudes , whereas pro-catalonian parties want to make us believe that 99 % of catalonia supports them . 
  this would be one great wat to know the truth . 
  also , it could be good for artur mas to explain in detail what his plans are after the referendum . 
  you are going to get solid figures that support you or disprove you , what 's your stance in either case ? 
  all in all , as i said in other post , it would help the spanish government to stop ignoring the mammoth in the northeast corner of the room . 
   also , the conservative media says that because catalonia is spanish sovereign territory only all the spaniards together can change its status . . well , it 's not the media , it 's written pretty clear in the very first page of the constitution . 
  our good ol' document is ... well , old and outdated , but that 's another problem to deal with . 
  what the conservative media do n't seem to want to grasp is that the statement `` yes  automatic secession '' is false . 
  how i understand it , this referendum is more of a statement of intentions , it 's planting the roots for the negotiation that would lead to your independence . 
  the first step in a long process , so to speak . 
  i see nothing wrong with that , to be honest , and it feels like tampering with your freedom of speech to deny you the right to speak for yourselves . 
  if a `` yes '' comes back , the most important thing is that they are going to have some pretty solid grounds for negotiating , and the central government will have to face it and stop acting like it is not happening . 
  it will be a first , very important step towards independence . 
  as a spaniard , it makes me really sad where this situation is heading . 
  both parties are to blame , of course , but the central government is acting like a small , spoiled kid . 
  just let the referendum happen , what are you afraid of , dear mr rajoy ? 
  all in all , there is an obvious , blatant catalan `` situation '' . 
  ignoring it is not going to make it disappear . 
  well , the first answers up till now have been pretty clear : `` it 's not going to happen '', 
  this has been an awful tragedy , and i only wish i were closer to galicia to lend a hand , somehow . 
  that said , i am ashamed of our national tv . 
  the best coverage so far is that of bbc . 
  sometimes , i feel we truly are a third world country . 
  spain win ? 
  yeah , right ... 8 points ... 
  sigh, 
  yeah . 
  i 'm on my phone and i do n't feel like looking for them , but i am sure you can find tonight 's song pretty easily . 
  kelly clarkson 's ripped song is called `` sun will rise '' or something like that . 
  spaniard checking in . 
  i do n't give a tapdancing fuck but , if you are curious , the girl singing for us tonight used to be fernando alonso 's girlfriend . 
  also , there was a debate here about whether we should quit , considering the song is blatantly copied ... from kelly clarkson , no less . 
  sigh . 
  we have better music than that in spain , i swear . 
  from my point of view , terrorism won because the image americans give abroad is that of a country that happens to be scared shitless . 
  outbursts of joy like that showed when the suspect # 2 was taken only increase this feeling , americans in this case seemed scared out of their minds and this is just the relief they feel when the threat is over ... only , they know full well that another attack is more than a possibility , it does n't seem to leave their minds . 
  then again , this is the way i see things back in spain , and i have not been to the states in a couple of years . 
  also , regarding zapatero and the 2004 attacks ... you are partially right , terrorism made an impact in this case . 
  i would n't say it changed the result , zapatero would have won anyway , only he won by a bigger margin . 
  i know i am not saying anything new but , from my point of view , in the usa , terror has already won . 
  i 'm not saying that they live in constant fear , but the do have the feel about them of being threatened , on a personal level even . 
  they feel cornered , and they are really powerful , really , really powerful . 
  that 's only the relief that can be expected , until the next threat comes . 
  yo buddy , chill out . 
  i was talking about having a firm hand with his family . 
  if you are in spain , as i assume you are , people keep talking about the king `` letting '' urdangar\u00edn do shit , and how he should have stopped it . 
  also , he sure is a figurehead now , but you need to check your history . 
  he was not a figurehead during the transition , he was the main agent . 
  shit would have gone down really differently if not for him . 
  believe me , i do n't like them more than anyone in this country , but credit where it 's due . 
  you are right , but that was more than 30 years ago .
