if the west could eventually equate emotional retardation with actual retardation we could make some progress . 
  i felt very very uncomfortable after reading that . 
  i did n't say i agreed with him . 
  i always thought it was used to describe someone making a morally correct choice . 
  triumph of principles and whatnot . 
  re-read what you wrote and think of the real world implications of this now and down the line . 
  it is a horrible precedent . 
  do you not find it terrifying that the state can throw you in jail for 5 years ( ! ), 
  for a facebook post * they * deem to be politically incorrect ? 
  budapest should hook up with san fransisco and make a baby hip enough to date seattle . 
  their goal is not living in an islamic country . 
  their goal is to subjugate and convert a ( wealthy ) non islamic one . 
  conquering is the goal . 
  well , maybe a few more kids will get interested in martial arts . 
  attempting to see a silver lining is a choice here . 
  russia has a lot of problems , and a few thousand russian kids learning judo is not one of them ( despite where the money/influence flows ) . 
  dude . 
  do you even read your sentences before posting ? 
  well , it did give ya a heck of a bonfire . 
  does that count ? 
  what was that cat looking thing with the raccoon tail ? 
  do many germans go by ` frank ' ? 
  edit - til, 
  well , you always have chicago . 
  well , he is the most charming of the lot . 
  king of the dung hill sorta thing . 
  . . from the croatian coast to moscow . 
  years ago i knew a dude whose parents were from portugal ( he was american born ) . 
  he was a junkie loser and got arrested . 
  when he was being booked into the jail they classified him ( on his wristband ) ` hispanic ' . 
  he was angry at first but very quickly became grateful when he realized he would have been the only designated ` white ' guy there . 
  neither here nor there , i just enjoy that story . 
  would n't the main targets of an eu intelligence agency be the very countries that make up the eu ? 
  . . this is true . 
  tell your friends . 
  tell everyone . 
  they do n't measure penile melanin before allowing bus access in london ? 
  neither here nor there , but there is nothing cuter than a small country school full of amish kids . 
  literally looks like little house on the prairie . 
  can anyone explain exactly why paternity testing is so taboo ( to the point of being nearly illegal ) in these various countries ? 
  the ` child 's interest ' argument does not hold water , something else is driving this . 
  of all the batshit conspiracy theories out there i 'm amazed that * this * one is the one that people act on . 
  basic self preservation of you and , more importantly , your children can be co-opted by whispers on the internet . 
  unbelievable . 
  the europeans i understand , but how is canada almost * twice * the us ? 
  what standard are you judging the us by ? 
  i 'm certainly no apologist but your judgment seems a little heavy handed . 
  the us is criminal compared to who ? 
  the european empires ? 
  china ? 
  the entire sa continent ? 
  i think the us , despite its faults , has done a respectable job given its power . 
  thank you for pointing this out . 
  also , the denominational/theological debate crowd in america is actually fairly large and diverse if you hunt them out . 
  ecumenical gatherings are fairly common also ( that same sense of competition leads to some semblance of brotherhood for faith communities ) . 
  i never would have imagined all the extra costs/taxes involved . 
  amazing . 
  ... i 'm speechless . 
  holy shit . 
  does anyone own decent pick ups or are they strictly for farm work ? 
  so it is just cowardly appeasement under the guise of rational self interest ? . . 
  i 'm personally not exactly sure on my feelings here but i always like the hear a view from the baltics whenever russia is being discussed . 
  ok . . how is this possible ? 
  you gave an explanation but i 'm still scratching my head . 
  60 million people live in italy , how could this thing just of been standing there and no one noticed ? 
  oh fuck you , man . 
  is that how this season ends ?! . 
  hell , i had a bottle of vodka start to ice when it just sat in my freezer . 
  adjusted the temp after seeing that . 
  haha , i 'm not saying i 'm right ( logically or morally ) but i resent mass transport . 
  i feel it is condescending , paternalistic , and restrictive . 
  when someone infers i should use mass trans i get an almost rebellious teenagers reaction of `` yeah , well , fuck you man . . '', 
  is poland fairly inexpensive ( hotels , restaurants , transportation etc ) ? 
  how much to rent a car ? 
  i would love to sight see around poland and the baltics but i was never sure about the cost . 
  it is strange that some ca n't understand this . 
  this is the * beginning * of the story when it comes to modern islam in europe . 
  it 's called the united * states * of america , not america . 
  the states are there for a reason . 
  i do n't know the exact answer to the problem , just an observation . 
  mind explaining that bit about using the word ` blitzkrieg ' ? 
  i 'm not following what your saying . 
  it is rude or insulting to use the word ? 
  in what context ? 
  i 've heard whispers on the internet that ` rain ' caused accidents in california are mainly caused by oil build-up on the roads . 
  there is so little rain that oil/rubber/shit build up on the road then when the rain * does * come it creates literal oil slicks on the surface ... or that could be bullshit , idk . 
  edit - word, 
  huh , that is interesting ... 
  thanks for that . 
  what are the conversations like ? 
  apologies if i 'm being to forward , i 'm just curious as to what kind of topics or perspectives come up with him . 
  i think estonians ( or any baltic person ) has the moral authority to be a bit hyperbolic when it comes to collective defense spending . 
  remember , the `` actual needs '' of berlin are far different than tallinn or riga and the baltic countries know this . 
  so ... a large group of people are surrounded by violent wolves . 
  paul - a moron - gets irritated and in a very childish snotty voice calls the wolves shih poos . 
  wolves freak out and attack and kill paul plus a dozen others . 
  so , is paul the source of your problems or is it * the fact your surrounded by violent fucking wolves * ? 
  that sounds totally simplistic but it seems a totally applicable analogy . 
  edit - if that left a bad taste in your mouth here 's a cute [ shih poo ] ( http://www.101dogbreeds.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/pictures-of-shih-poo.jpg ), 
  i respect that you feel that way but i would advise sitting down and really thinking clearly and honestly about the pointless suffering and chaos that would result from your course of action .
