honestly , in turkey , tourists doing this kind of thing is what pisses off secular turks the most , the kind of bending over backwards to not offend , or please people who could give two shits about liberalism or progressiveness . 
  we 'll have german or english tourists for example , walking around and covering their head with a hijab for no reason whatsoever in places , without realizing how much of the secular portion of society abhors what it represents . 
  now to see europeans basically give the ` islamist ' culture free rein to do whatever they want , you may as well spit in the face of every secular person in the middle east while you are at it . 
  why does n't germany have limits of how many times you can hold an office ? 
  it 's a party system , but still , you would think someone in the party could have stepped up since 2005 . 
  those examples are all similar cultures yes , but in the us , we 've had the same experience with south asians ( vietnamese/cambodian ) , caribbean cultures , and eastern europeans , and its the same with the chinese that came over in the railroad boom , who were used as hard laborers but eventually settled into american culture , and you really ca n't get further than anglo-saxon than the chinese were at that time . 
  in america , italians , german , irish in the late 19th/early 20th integrated slowly albeit successfully . 
  it 's a complex history , but if i could put it in simple terms it was because they were allowed to ` become ' their own version of american ( which is why we have cultures like new york italian/boston irish ) instead of conforming to the existing protestant anglo-saxon culture which dominated the northeast ( boston/new york/philadelphia/washington d.c. ) . 
  i 'm not sure if this can work in our time , but the prevailing attitude back then was to leave the ` old country ' behind and start fresh . 
  i think these people have trouble leaving the ` old country ' behind . 
  the problem with that approach is the children . 
  in the current country i 'm in ( muslim-majority ) , they have religious classes only instituted a few years ago , and they teach basically what you 'd expect . 
  no evolution , religious views on the world , etc. 
  and the secular parents have to de-brainwash their kids after school . 
  this is the problem because if the parents are already religious , the kids end up being religious with no alternative . 
  in my experience , religious muslims in particular ( not secular or non-religious muslims , there is a huge difference ) , tend to cluster , and demand ` tolerance ' , then teach the most intolerant things you can imagine ( homophobia , distrust of non-muslims , a completely skewed worldview ) , and things spiral until there 's a huge divide in society . 
  the only way to prevent this with these refugees/immigrants is to avoid giving foreign parties dictating how they practice their religion , and uphold secularism ( no religion in school/public spaces ) . 
  that 's wrong . 
  i 'm currently in a muslim-majority country , and it is 100 % to do with religious fervor . 
  the simple fact is , these are religious people who hold family and religion in a higher regard than strangers and foreigners , and do not deviate away from this line of thinking because it is tradition . 
  did you also forget that the ancestors of these people ( under the ottomans ) came marching to vienna for conquest ? 
  that 's the point . 
  there is no system to integrate people within the education system where i went to school for example , yet i hold no prejudice against literally anyone based on anything but their actions . 
  why ? 
  because i had chinese , persian , turkish , irish , italian , jewish , african-american , russian friends , among others , and practically speaking we just learned about each other , did n't think twice because we were all american . 
  you got me on the guns , i love them . 
  the closest thing we had was an esol system to teach the kids of immigrants english . 
  there certainly was n't a children 's show that had a blanket statement of ` welcome all immigrants ! ' . 
  that 's not something you just throw to a child because you may as well boil down geo-politics down something they can remember after five minutes . 
  teaching swedish kids to accept immigrants is 110 % perfectly fine , as long as you put in just as much effort , if not more , in teaching immigrants and their kids what it means to live and be swedish . 
  except it is n't . 
  because my country did n't do anything . 
  people just lived together and went to school and learned about each other naturally . 
  no one was forced to learn to tolerate or learn about someone else 's culture from any biased viewpoint . 
  i 'm sorry but i am completely against any system that forces people to act a certain way or manipulates them . 
  i 'm american , and this is completely not how you go about acclimating kids to different cultures . 
  in my elementary school there were at least 30-40 different nationalities and never once were there programs or anything that spelled out `` tolerate this from this culture '' . 
  to subject kids to such a polarized issue is at best ignorant and at worst a sick social experiment . 
  `` low energy sigmundur . '', 
  `` i call him lyin ' ziggy . 
  he lies . 
  nike boxes ? 
  maybe reebok ? 
  that 's the look of a man caught with his hand in the cookie jar . 
  he did the right thing . 
  you ca n't just throw a largely ( at the time ) illiterate or highly sectarian population into democracy , it wo n't work . 
  you need a transitional period of a benevolent secular authoritarian regime or colonialist government to have an era of relatively peaceful civil society that treats all citizens equally . 
  it might not seem so in the news , but on the ground you can see it is , socially at least , among young people . 
  there are a ton more hijabs and religious people visible , but even they 're less religious than the previous generation . 
  for the past 10 + years , erdogan has been trying to cultivate a ` pious ' generation from the millennials and it backfired hilariously . 
  the only thing keeping most of the religious supporters religious is the money that the akp rains down on them . 
  turkish/russian relations ? 
  they were , and mostly are , and probably will be ( $ $ $ ) great . 
  turkey is a top tourist destination for russian tourists , russians own a lot of property in the aegean coast , and there are a lot of russian-owned businesses that have connections/partner with turkish companies . 
  in short , no . 
  'cause money . 
  from turkish news , they did warn the pilots at 13 km and 5km out from the border , and were ignored . 
  i think it 's wrong that they shot it down , anything else would have been better , like an escort or just lock on and trail . 
  that said , i do n't think the usaf would tolerate a chinese jet strafing in and out of the border and ignoring them either , though . 
  they 're really not triggerhappy , at least internationally , or else you would see turkish jets flying sorties all over northern iraq and into syria on a daily basis . 
  kneejerk reactions help no one . 
  it 's not really a new thing , but it 's mostly because of istanbul . 
  all of the anatolian shitheads moved there , and to the bigger cities in general , so you see more of a concentration of their behavior that reinforces itself ( hey , everybody else like me is booing , so i 'll boo ! ) . 
  add to the fact that these assholes united under one party 's political banner . 
  more than half the population is still like your girlfriend though , only they 're the ones spread out now , politically and geographically . 
  they 're not chanting ` allahu akbar ' , it 's clearly ' \u015eehitler \u00f6lmez , vatan b\u00f6l\u00fcnmez ' which is some ultranationalist nonsense . 
  i believe this is in an extremely conservative city ( konya ? 
  ) , the people there tend to be shitheads in any event . 
  how is that naive ? 
  it 's a fact , we have more crime/homicides per capita than turkey . 
  that used to be somewhat true in the 60s/70s/80s , not at all now . 
  i say somewhat because it depended on almost a neighborhood by neighborhood basis and definitely not in any short time period . 
  because something like this is extremely rare and unheard of ( at least recently ) , especially in larger cities . 
  this would be the equivalent of a bomb attack in brussels . 
  there is so much security/cameras/etc in and around ankara that it would n't cross people 's minds that anything * could * realistically happen . 
  just for reference , the police response time is in seconds because of the proximity to gov ` t/public places , so this was n't some alley or residential street with little security presence . 
  that 's the kind of flight panicking the country does n't need . 
  99 % of the country is safe , hell , the united states as a whole is more dangerous than turkey is , but do you see people leaving the inner cities in droves because of gun violence ? 
  the best thing people can do is find out who is responsible , not to lay blame on each other , and work together to make the country better and safer . 
  not if mosques keep going up . 
  it was in the midwest/west with the chinese during the transcontinental railroad . 
  the racism was so bad that it led to this - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_exclusion_act nevertheless , despite the government and society in general crapping on them throughout most of history , chinese-americans have become an integral part of america . 
  we have problems with race not ethnicity , the vast vast majority of americans could care less about which country or ethnic group anyone belongs to . 
  yea , the declaration is a cut off point . 
  personally , it 's a combination of distance and time . 
  visiting a place where one of the people who founded your country lived/worked has a different impact than reading about ` x ' who lived an ocean away on a child . 
  most americans loathe the patriot act , it has as much to do with patriotism as a hobbit with nightmare on elm street . 
  the policies of the administrations following independence specifically outlined non-intervention with regards to foreign states . 
  both washington and jefferson did not want to get involved with other nations ' affairs , with the exception of trade . 
  simply because systems that united the nation many years later did not crop up immediately does n't give weight to the idea that they never considered it or intended it for it to take effect . 
  washington 's quote intones this directly . 
  `` the duty of holding a neutral conduct may be inferred , without anything more , from the obligation which justice and humanity impose on every nation , in cases in which it is free to act , to maintain inviolate the relations of peace and amity towards other nations . 
  the inducements of interest for observing that conduct will best be referred to your own reflections and experience . 
  with me a predominant motive has been to endeavor to gain time to our country to settle and mature its yet recent institutions , and to progress without interruption to that degree of strength and consistency which is necessary to give it , humanly speaking , the command of its own fortunes . '', 
  that 's a little bit of semantics . 
  i do n't think anyone really goes around proclaiming ` i 'm ukranian-american/canadian ' even if you ask . 
  it 's always ` i 'm irish '' or `` i 'm scottish '' when we 're 5-6 generations removed . 
  i think you 're reading too much into it . 
  i grew up 2 blocks away from where benjamin franklin lived , and i 'm proud of the man and his accomplishments and the impact that had on my life . 
  simply by proximity , it allowed me to learn about him , maybe more than i would have otherwise , and that i walked on the same streets as he did .
