  the way the uk looks at foreign affairs and the way the continental europeans do is much too different . 
  the uk is far too atlanticist to join up . 
  could n't agree with you more about our duplicitous attitude on this . 
  lebanon has a population of 5.5 million or so and 1.1 million of those people are syrian refugees . 
  in 2013 , their population was only estimated to be 4.4 million , so lebanon 's population has increased dramatically in a very short space of time . 
  they 're not a huge country with a lot of money to spend either , and they 're certainly not a particularly stable country either . 
  turkey now hosts 1.6 million syrian refugees . 
  they 're a much larger country and have more resources at their disposal than lebanon but still , the number of syrians is huge . 
  and we in europe , one of the richest and best-developed parts of the world , seem to think that it 's impossible to help these people . 
  they have n't fixed the issue at all . 
  all the hungarians have managed to do is shift the burden from themselves back on to serbia and now croatia . 
  hungary then re-assumes part of the burden again when the people they refused entry to on their border with serbia now move into hungary from croatia . 
  if you open your front door and the house over the street is on fire , you have n't extinguished the fire just because you 've closed the door and you ca n't see the flames anymore . 
  if you opened the door again you 'd still see that baby burning bro . 
   do we really need european commission with their stupid laws , corruption and business connections ? 
  for effective intra-eu cooperation and smooth-flowing free trade , yes . 
  but not in it 's current form . 
  we need some kind of actor in the arena to blow the whistle when bullshit happens and to enforce certain basic standards . 
  having these basic standards also encourages more trade as 28 countries with a single standard for goods is an easier market to deal with than 28 countries with wildly different standards . 
   do we really need this whole money redistribution ? 
  i 'm from poland and we are constantly bombarded with this propaganda how well our country doing with eu subsidies but independent researches are clear that most of eu money is wasted . 
  we are building more than we need only because we have to spend all money , otherwise we 'll lose it . 
  local governments are rewarded not for building useful infrastructure . 
  they are rewarded for spending as much eu money as possible . 
  it 's a fraud , and whole eu is loosing because of that . 
  not mention about corruption in offices . 
  a hell of a lot of eu is money wasted , there 's no doubt about that . 
  some of the things you describe ( spending money to ensure your budget does n't get cut next year ) are familiar to people the world over though . 
  we need better oversight on how eu funds are used but i do n't think it 's a bad thing to invest money in the rapidly-growing markets in eastern europe . 
  it 's going to help a mail order company in birmingham if he can ship a package out over decent roads to his customer in poland . 
  the us has monetary redistribution but achieves it in slightly different ways . 
   do we really need european constitution or equal laws ? 
  national governments should compete between each other with better laws or taxes . 
  it 's straight way to improve whole eu legislation . 
  now this is what really compelled me to respond . 
  whether laws are improved by competition really depends on your point of view . 
  competition between national governments only serves to ensure what is often called a `` race to the bottom , '' where governments try to cut laws , taxes , worker protections , and regulations in order to attract foreign investment . 
  i do n't think encouraging 28 countries to start a vicious race to the bottom will end up improving any of our laws for the average person , it will only water down what little protection they have . 
   do we really need one currency ? 
  its easier especially for smaller economies to solve their problems with own currency . 
  great example how eastern countries goes through last global crisis and how did greece or spain . 
  i agree with you here . 
  while having a single currency does help make cross-border trade easier , there are obviously huge problems with the way the euro is currently designed , and those issues have not been addressed properly . 
   the people of the uk opposed his decision to go to war with the largest protests the country has ever seen . 
  they do not deserve to be responsible for the mistakes they tried to stop ~ ~ there was probably a quiet majority before the war . 
  there were a lot of people against it , do n't get me wrong , more people were against the iraq war than any other , but it does n't mean they were the majority at the time . 
  remember that both the tories and labour voted for the iraq war , and there were many press outlets pushing it . ~ ~ edit : after looking this up , this was n't the case . 
  the war was very controversial . 
  [ according to this ipsos-mori poll , support for the iraq war was a close-run thing but only under very specific circumstances . 
  ] ( https://www.ipsos-mori.com/newsevents/ca/287/iraq-the-last-prewar-polls.aspx ) we 're responsible for the governments we vote in , and we voted in blair again after we started the war . 
  that means we have responsibility here too . 
  the secular rebels are a tiny force now in comparison to the islamist forces and daesh . 
  even if russia agreed an autonomous zone ( unlikely , they 're seemingly behind assad completely now and have no reason to negotiate given the current climate ) the situation on the ground is so unstable that it 'd be pointless . 
  it 's going to take a long , long time and a hell of a lot of money to rebuild syria when all this is finished . 
  i certainly think the uk and the us need to take far more migrants as they definitely have their hands dipped in the blood of this mess . 
  if russia ramps up their participation in syria then the conflict will get much more complicated . 
   maybe europe should start pressuring turkey to treat the refugees at least better than how it seems they 're treating them now ? 
  to which turkey would respond : `` you 're buckling under the strain of a few hundred thousand migrants ? 
  try 1.7 million and for the past few years . '', 
   how bad does turkey want into eu ? 
  we 've messed them around so much now that they do n't really care all that much . 
   i kind of get what you 're saying but this is absolutely not a good argument for letting more refugees in . 
  why would europe want a bunch of displaced dissatisfied and angry people either ? 
  my argument is that it 's better these people get some chance at living a normal life where they have jobs and their kids can be educated so that they do n't decide to join a terrorist group and end up dead in a brutal civil war or homicidal attack . 
  these people are going to be less angry when they know that they are in a safe place , and they would be sent all over the eu so as not to allow the formation of ghettos . 
   think the syrian government is past the part of trying to beat down the normal citizens that are left except if you 're a male aged 18 and above , in which case you 'll be expected to serve in the military and fire at your fellow syrian citizens and be fired at by your fellow syrians . 
  oh , and there 's a big chance you 'll get called up even if you 've finished your mandatory national service . 
  and the terrorist bombings that happen now and then , some that are false-flag attacks by the government . 
  heaven help you if you 're in a place that gets taken by the rebels even briefly , as there 's a strong chance that the syrian air force will flatten your town with barrel bombs in response . 
  they are n't safe in these places . 
  there are millions of syrians in turkey and lebanon , for example , and in turkey if you are a refugee you ca n't rent a house , work legally , and have a very tenuous legal status . 
  same in lebanon , and lebanon is now beginning to deport people back to syria ( i have yet to see conditions improve , they seem to be actively deteriorating ) . 
  there is also no organized system , but rest assured , there are thousands and thousands of people in refugee camps also applying for asylum . 
  the idea that we can simply pay other countries to host these people is a total non starter , and probably a terrible idea for a ton of reasons , but the big one that stands out to me is this : why would we want to gather a bunch of displaced , dissatisfied , angry people and place them smack-bang in the middle of the most volatile region on earth ? 
  we 'd be laying out the red carpet for isis and other terrorist organizations to recruit and radicalize within the camps and we 'd have a hell of a monster to deal with a few years down the line . 
  i 'm not sure , that is a horribly depressing movie bruh, 
   there will be a huge momentum to keep traditional ways if you are surrounded by others from your group . 
  we are n't going to be building brand new towns and cities exclusively for syrian refugees though , are we ? 
  if ( and this is a long shot ) we can get the plan to redistribute some of the refugees across the eu implemented that splits the community up and prevents some ghettoization . 
  the refugees each country takes in are likely to be split up and sent to different parts of the country too , and this will be the case whether the redistribution plan is agreed upon or not . 
  i too would like to see the numbers crunched in depth , but we probably ca n't get an accurate picture until we have a good idea of how much are going to come . 
  it looks like the flow is n't stopping any time soon . 
  i would say that it 's going to cost a lot of money , and it probably wont be an investment that generates a profit . 
  it 's not really an investment at all , more service to humanity as a whole . 
  i think that the people leaving syria for europe will be far more open to liberal values because of what they 're escaping and because the revolution was originally fought for western-style reforms in the first place . 
  they are going to have some reservations , but i really doubt that the average syrian who has just dragged himself to germany is going to begin agitating for sharia law courts . 
  he just wants to make sure his family will be safe , his son wont get drafted to fight for assad or join a militia , his wife and children wont be killed in a barrel bomb attack , etc. 
  it 's one way of looking at it , but the issue is very complex . 
  it seems like this guy 's argument depends upon one overarching premise : that germany is responsible for the current wave of refugees flooding into europe . 
  i do n't think that 's particularly fair or true . 
  merkel pursuing a policy of welcoming these people is n't what causes so many to come to europe , they were going to head to europe anyway . 
  they 're coming to germany * in particular * ( and to a lesser but still huge extent to sweden ) because germany has stated that they intend to take in hundreds of thousands of refugees . 
  even if those statements had n't been made , my hunch is that they would come anyway , but they would probably end up all over western europe instead of just flooding into germany . 
  plus , the migrants are n't stupid . 
  like any other human , they can sense when and where they are n't wanted and where they 're going to face a lot of difficulty . 
  sure , they 've passed through many ( supposedly ) `` safe '' countries on their way to get here , but would you feel particularly safe in an eastern european country whose government and population are hostile to your presence , especially so if your presence was forced upon them ? 
  would you feel safe in a middle eastern country , knowing that isis has fanned out like a virus across the region and knowing that many governments have started to deport people back to syria ( i 'm looking at you , lebanon ) ? 
  he raises important points , and germany forcing her will on other countries will probably cause some resentment . 
  these people will need serious help to integrate into society , and will be scarred by the war they have witnessed . 
  i think that germany should be proud of the fact that they 're taking the lead role on this .
