  however i will say having the pound worth less would really help our manufacturing industry , which is really lagging at the moment . 
  how do n't we have free movement of capital ? 
  there are always going to be some barriers in place if the uk is n't part of the euro ( thank god we are n't ) , but as far as i understand it we have very free movement of capital . 
  the commission did want to push a financial transaction tax and that would be disproportionately paid by the uk because of the size of our financial services industry . 
  that and the fact that we 'd be shooting ourselves in the foot because big finance would gtfo of the eu as much as is possible . 
  the british people are more thoughtful than you think . 
  we may not seem like it at first glance but we 're not all stupid . 
  the only side of the argument that has gotten major airtime for the past few years has been the `` no '' side . 
  just wait until people actually start arguing in favor of yes . 
  labour lost because no one trusts them with the economy and the tories seem to be managing to bring in a decent recovery , even if some people are worse off . 
  you 're really insulting the intelligence of a hell of a lot of people if you think that they voted tory because the daily mail and the sun told them to . 
  i 'm an intrinsic left winger and even i thought it would be better if the tories won . 
  the labour party is a joke at the moment that ran a weak leader at a time when we need strength , refused to acknowledge their role in the crisis , and had played political games whenever they had a chance over the years of the coalition . 
  most of their top leadership had been junior or senior ministers during the blair/brown years and thus came with a lot of baggage . 
  they 're going to need an entirely new generation or a leader from elsewhere in the party before they 're electable again . 
  they may not ever be able to win a national election again now that they 've lost scotland . 
  you 're missing my point . 
  we all know the gop is batshit . 
  we know the american economic policy since the crash has been superior to the policies followed in europe . 
  what i 'm saying is that current american economic/fiscal policy is n't being followed because experts have recommended it , it 's being followed because political deadlock ( and the independence of the federal reserve ) prevents us from spending more or cutting more . 
   the gop gets a lot of ink devoted to their ideas , but in reality few people in washington actually think they would work . 
  it 's a charade put on to placate the folks out in `` real america '' who worry about the us debt . 
  so you 're arguing that the policies advocated by the gop would n't have been put into place if they had control of congress and the presidency ? 
  i think that 's rather naive . 
  the gop establishment may have some people who understand sense , but they 've let the genie out of the crazy bottle and ca n't control their caucus anymore . 
  boehner often ca n't even get his own bills passed on controversial subjects . 
  we 're arguing counterfactuals now but the gop have been playing the `` too much spending '' record for so long now that i think they 'd have a revolt on their hands if a bill to expand government spending was on the floor . 
  this is the same party that blocked funding for the va and fema relief funds in the aftermath of hurricane sandy because of our supposedly unsustainable debt . 
  many of those elected in the tea party wave and since are not rational actors or even decent human beings . 
  they view the experts and political insiders you 're citing with contempt . 
  they probably view people like you and i with contempt . 
  they 're ignorant and proud of it . 
  sure , we have academic consensus , but that means nothing in the grand scheme of things . 
  political consensus is far more important when it comes to which economic policy that actually gets implemented and you know that the gop would have cut to the bone if they had the chance , even if academics told them they were being stupid . 
  see : kansas . 
  your point about policy abroad is n't relevant to what you were arguing since you were arguing about the superiority of the american economy vs the eu , and the greater growth in the us is more due to the lack of fiscal contraction ( i.e. 
  austerity ) than it is due to economists in harvard or yale being listened to . 
  the lack of fiscal contraction is basically an accident because it 's a result of political deadlock , not because some new england economists have recommended it . 
  how are you qualified to make that assessment ? 
  a degree from the university of pulling from your ass ? 
   the american consensus i 'm not trying to be a dick here but on what planet are you living on ? 
  there is no consensus in the united states ( i 've been here 5 years and lived it ) , the only reason our spending has stayed relatively stable ( i.e. 
  no serious austerity ) is because of the political deadlock in d.c. 
  the gop has tried for years to get cuts to everything but the split congress helped to stop that and now that they control congress they 're running out the clock and behaving themselves a bit more in the hope that they can get a republican into the white house in 2016 . 
  also a presidential veto and the fact that they wont get two-thirds of the senate to overturn it . 
  the fed only embarked upon quantitive easing because they literally had no other option and legislative solutions were not forthcoming . 
  we 're lucky as hell that the deadlock has allowed spending to remain stable but it certainly is n't a result of any consensus . 
  the right wing desperately wanted us to embark upon a path of austerity . 
  it may as well be the official language of the world these days anyway . 
  i 'm not saying you should do it but the one thing you need to keep in mind when buying shares is that they 're not a get rich quick scheme . 
  assuming greece gets its shit together in the next few decades you could make money on those shares if you go long . 
  you wont make 3000 % returns overnight though . 
  it will take decades . 
  it is basically gambling because you 'll either make very strong returns over time or lose your money/not make anything . 
  the pattern works roughly in france , too . 
  paris is at 2.1 million , marseille-provence-cote-de-azur at 794k , then the lyon metro area at close to 500k . 
  while it 's not exact , you follow the pattern . 
  you do n't actually , the pattern is the same/similar . 
  moscow is around 10 million , followed by st. petersburg at 5 million , then novosibirsk is at 1.5 million ( not half spb but still , the distribution is better than the uk 's ) . 
  also , half of berlin was very much a part of west germany 30 years ago , just not de jure . 
  a bit of both . 
  they were used before the boer war by the spanish when they were fighting the cubans in their war for independence ( * reconcentrados * ) . 
  the rural population was seen as supportive of the rebels and so the spanish rounded them up and moved them into camps ( same motivation the british would use in the boer war ) . 
  a polish historian has claimed that they were used by the russians during the partition of poland to keep polish rebels waiting for deportation to siberia , but that 's less certain . 
  the boer war was probably the first time they were used so extensively , but they were n't really a british invention . 
  fair enough . 
  i quite like the modern buildings , but can see your point in some pictures . 
  i did n't think anywhere could top [ newton aycliffe 's ] ( http://s0.geograph.org.uk/geophotos/01/08/10/1081042_e156c189.jpg ) town centre ( pre-facelift , but it still looks shit from what i have seen ) , but i think peterlee wins . 
   it has its own history and its own reputation for stately and reserved design and living . 
  is this the same london that everyone else in britain knows ? 
  i know americans have a romanticized image of the uk ( lord knows i experience it on a daily basis ) but london has always been a gritty city with areas of concentrated wealth and opulence . 
  we 're not all drinking tea with the queen , most of the people in london scrape by , as they always have . 
  we 're a real country , not an open-air museum . 
  i loved london while i was there . 
  the place just felt like it was alive , like it had amphetamine running through its veins ( in a good way ) . 
  it felt like somewhere where you could get whatever you wanted at any time you wanted if you looked hard enough . 
  that sounds like stockholm syndrome . 
   fucking avoid the small towns around them like the plague though . 
  i say it myself all the time because i grew up in one but it hurts when other people confirm it ... 
  damn bruh ... damn . 
  come on though , it could be worse . 
  at least you are n't attracting the benidorm set . 
  you should thank your lucky stars that they 're contained in that area !, 
  it 's more or less true . 
  in pretty much every country in the world their cities follow a pattern where they have their largest city then their 2nd largest is roughly half the size ( in population ) of their largest , then their 3rd is half the size of the 2nd , and so on ... 
  in the uk , london has 8 million and then birmingham follows with 1 million . 
  compare this to germany , where berlin has about 3.4 million , then hamburg at 1.7 million , then munich at 1.2 million . 
  it 's actually tremendously bad for the uk to be like this as the capital just sucks in talent from everywhere else in the country , making the problem even worse . 
   indochina was basically france vs china . 
  the viet minh were trained and equipped by china and had their number bolstered by chinese volunteers . 
  no it was n't . 
  the first two years of the war china was mired in civil war and was in no position to help in another war , and then after that there was some logistical support to the viet minh but not anything substantial . 
  the french could n't win the war for the same reasons the us could n't win the same war after a few more decades of trying : the vietnamese did n't want europeans there , they wanted their independence and were willing to fight on until they got it . 
  you realize that falkland islanders are pretty much 100 % ethnically white british and do n't even speak with a remotely latin american accent , right ? 
  no one would even notice they 're immigrants , not that it matters . 
  the fact is , they have been on the islands for decades , sometimes centuries , the islands have been under british control since before argentina was even a country , and we conquered the falklands in much the same way as the spanish descendants of the argentines conquered the area that is now argentina . 
  pot meet kettle . 
  if you 're in alliances you 're hardly neutral . 
  coal plants actually disperse many times more radiation into the atmosphere than nuclear plants generating the same amount of electricity because coal ash so toxic . 
  opposition to nuclear in favor of coal is like preferring a lobotomy to prozac .
