  this possibility needs to be ruled out before any life changing treatment occurs . 
  at the end of the day , when i was 11 i wanted to be a burglar because i liked the idea of climbing up ladders . 
  i do n't have any idea what i want to be now , but i know i do n't want to be a burglar . 
  your idea of the future and what you want to happen changes so radically over the 10-20 period that it 's 100 % necessary for a neutral arbiter to be there to make sure you are n't doing something you may regret later on . 
  even when i was 16 i thought i wanted to be a games programmer , not so by the time i was 18 . 
  a decision like this one needs to be made by one person only , and when that one person is competent enough to make it . 
  the kid is 11 years old . 
  it would be completely and utterly foolish to allow such a life changing medical procedure to occur without expert diagnosis away from the parents so we can ascertain whether these are the true desires of the kid . 
  well , it saved thatcher 's brutal reforms . 
  watching a mcdonalds commercial before the video ... $ 10 ? 
  that is bloody expensive . 
  but i 'm impressed with the coverage there , really informative . 
  because every evolutionary biologist says as much when it comes down to humans . 
  evolution occurs much , much slower in organisms that are more advanced . 
  humans are probably the most advanced on the planet , ergo evolutionary change happens much slower . 
  you also seem to be operating on the assumption that natural selection is a voluntary process , which it is n't . 
  yes , it does . 
  hundreds of years is n't enough time to make one group hold such a specific characteristic , not only that , you operate on the assumption that all gypsies are thieves and thus the fastest thieves have a better chance to breed which is complete bullshit because it would mean that in effect the entire group is based around crime and stealing over thousands of years which is basically a racist assumption in itself . 
  i 'm part of the generation that grew up after metric was adopted , i do n't think imperial measurements make sense at all , people who refuse to even try out of `` tradition '' are usually older and do n't understand the complete idiocy of a measurement system that goes up in increments of 6/12/14 . 
  this does go to prove that there is no significant difference because of race but what it does show is an environmental problem , whether caused by schooling or the culture they grow up in . 
  it 's a double edged sword and is cycle , look up learned helplessness , this is definitely at play here . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to discriminate on the basis of race at all , but i do think that a culture is inferior if it encourages or prevents a child being educated or assimilation into the wider society . 
  same with arranged marriage and stoning people to death . 
  i honestly think that it 's okay to say that we do things in a better way when there are still bullshit practices like that . 
  because evolution takes much longer than hundreds of years to take effect . 
  labour consistently have a small lead in almost every opinion poll , the tories wo n't win unless the economy improves . 
  but you 're right about the lib dems and the labour leadership . 
  the lib dems are basically screwed now . 
  i would not say it was simplistic at all , that is actually another angle that i have n't seen many consider and it 's highly likely that it 's been considered . 
  makes me think . 
  honestly though , i 'm in favor of the tobin tax by principle but it needs to be implemented on a national basis for the interests of the uk , because this eu-wide plan would basically mean the tax revenues would be 80 % or more from britain , without really benefiting us at all . 
  the eu as a unified block is the largest economy and market in the world . 
  that alone basically means banks and business ca n't ignore europe and while they might move business out of europe they ca n't take it all away , and the current of history is moving against that because i think what we will see in the next 20-50 years is a much larger eu that will include turkey ( which is booming right now ) and other large economies , so the eu will either be the first or second largest economy in the world , china could be first or second , and the us will probably remain a comfortable third . 
  ho hum on the tories next election . 
  voters have short term a short term memory and if the economy does n't significantly improve the tories will lose anyway . 
  lets not forget that britain 's economic situation and outlook has declined since the 2010 election . 
  fair play . 
  i 'm not going to claim the 1973 referendum was representative , you are right that it was boycotted by the nationalists . 
  but really , like i said before , it 's a silly conflict . 
  we 're very similar countries , we speak more or less the same language ( is gaelic common ? 
  ) , consume the same media , have a similar climate , we had a reciprocal-residency agreement before the eu , we have the same branded products , and the irish pound was pegged to the sterling until erm . 
  i 'm not trying to belittle the culture of ireland in any way but the way i see it is that citizens of both countries can live wherever they want in the british isles and while there are definitely lingering conflicts because of british imperialism in ireland we are probably more similar to each other than most other countries are . 
  no , but let 's keep it real , the brits did pay a heavy price in ww2 to fight against hitler . 
  we had no real interest or card in europe other than preventing ourselves from being taken over , and hitler wanted to form a cooperation with britain and negotiated for it for a long time . 
  we refused , and did pay a heavy price in order to eventually free europe . 
  germany can and rightly should be pissed at the division of their country up until 1990 but france should appreciate the sacrifice britain ( and the hundreds of thousands of indian soldiers ) made for them . 
  oh , btw do n't think i 'm hating on germany , ww2 was a long time ago and it would be foolish to consider germany still guilty of those actions seeing as how it 's one of the most liberal places on earth these days and an all round cool country . 
  well , i 'm pretty sure new labour passed much stronger financial regulations than the us did . 
  i 'm not sure if the tories have repealed them or done anything because i do n't live there anymore . 
  there will be some archaic statute within the confines of big ben saying as such , it 's also mostly traditional . 
  miles i can live with on the roads but if we did n't use the metric system for everything else i 'd be pissed , imperial measurements are so stupid . 
  no it was n't . 
  the good friday agreement was overwhelmingly approved on 81 % turnout . 
  honestly though , it does n't seem like that big a deal either way . 
  small bit of land that really should not be a conflict zone , we 're similar people either way , save for the fact that we brits were total douche bags to the irish in the colonial days . 
  sweden and denmark both have opt-outs on the euro . 
  it 's not only britain that opposes closer eu integration , although i 'm skeptical of the reasoning behind that opposition . 
  i 'm pretty sure the tories ' main gripe with eu integration is stronger employment and workers ' rights laws . 
  it 's probably fair for britain to be skeptical of the robin tax though , while i personally think it 's a good idea , it would be better for it to come on a national level so the money could be put to use for development and anti-poverty efforts . 
  considering that london is the financial capital of the eu and arguably the most important financial center in the world , it would be a tax disproportionately affecting britain . 
  much more centralization , probably in an independent form under the jurisdiction of a pan-european body rather than exclusively german control ( but the germans have a good economic track record ) i think the growth and stability pact has proven to be useless considering the amount of times its been broken , even by germany itself . 
  but then the eu would truly become a federal superstate , which i personally think has advantages but obviously opens up a new can of worms . 
  the american stimulus did n't lack impact , it was 50 % tax cuts which was basically a gift to the republicans because obama has conservative leanings ( or wants to be bipartisan but i think that is dubious at this point ) . 
  it did have -- and still does -- have a quantifiable effect on the american economy but the scale of the problem in the us is so huge that it would need drastic measures to fix . 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  we probably did need a stimulus and it could have gone to some much needed improvements in the uk , like infrastructure spending and even housing . 
  but when you look at the level of debt we took on according to the imf ( in your google links on the other thread ) because of the bank bailouts in 2008 we probably would have ran the risk of a run on the debt if we piled more on . 
  i ca n't find a source for the moody 's claim either so i 'm going to edit it out . 
  the one thing i would say about s&p is that they have lost credibility lately because a lot of their ratings seem to be politically motivated . 
  i do appreciate what you say and honestly for practicalities sake i 'd probably have to agree with you that the only way to save the euro now is through a pooling of bonds , but i think that there needs to be extensive fiscal cohesion after this and into the future . 
  the problem with the tories is that they 've cut way too much which has completely undermined economic growth because the cuts have just made a shit ton of people unemployed which has had a knock-on effect on demand which then served to make more people unemployed . 
  the cycle continues . 
  honestly the reganomics/thatcherite approach has done massive damage to the economies of both the us and the uk and no one seems to be turning the car around . 
  that 's a nice argument but it really does just sidestep the issue of whether it is right to force another country which has followed a sensible ( and incredibly successful ) fiscal/economic policy to take responsibility for the mismanagement of others . 
  i 'd also argue the rest of europe has benefitted greatly from the eu considering the unprecedented political stability it has allowed . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not about affordability even though you 're assuming the bonds will be rated stable/aaa by credit agencies which is n't true s&p has said they 'll rate eurobonds at the same rating as the lowest of the countries , which means interest rates on them will be high . 
  then you also are failing to take into account the ethical implications of forcing germany to take responsibility and back ( because that 's all this really is ) the sovereign debts of every nation in the eurozone . 
  it 's a mixed bag because i think that without this the single currency will fail , but it 's undeniably unfair for germany . 
  maybe as a compromise these nations in return should delegate all matters of domestic fiscal policy to germany to decide since they 're basically expecting germany to hoist the entire continent up on it 's back . 
  but that 'd really make the `` european union diktat '' crowd scream . 
  the debt chart really puts in perspective just how much the us is in the hole because of the bush years though , good god that was disastrous . 
  turkey has some improvements to make for sure but they 're a secular democracy and have really strong economic growth - 9 % of gdp in 2010 . 
  they definitely need to make more improvements but as long as the turkish population is n't overwhelmingly poor upon accession or theocratic it would be a good decision in the long term . 
  `` what did you get me papademos ? '', 
  `` massive inflation ! '', 
  still not high enough to get a single seat in the uk parliament and only 2 seats in the european parliament due to pr . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  fixed , but seriously that article was just him pointing out bullshit stereotypes as if they do n't also exist in europe . 
  okay ~ ~ there are so many misconceptions here ~ ~ , fine , the us is n't as bad as people try to make it out to be and i 'm gon na point it out because i live in the us now but i grew up in merry ol' england . 
  americans say lots of super controversial and offensive shit all the damn time , see fox news , republicans , the american south , etc. 
  i 'll give him this , but honestly i 'd rather have people be friendly instead of miserable all the time . 
  related to number 2 , but there is n't anything wrong with smiling . 
  restaurant workers and waiters in the u.s. do not get a proper hourly wage like they do in europe , they get around $ 2.50 an hour and make the rest of their money in tips . 
  i think this is wrong , but that 's how it 's done . 
  taxes are not displayed on prices in the us because unlike in europe the us is n't a unitary political body with standardized tax rates on everything . 
  the states decide a sales tax rate , and then a county can decide a further tax rate , and then a city can add a further tax rate on top of the other taxes . 
  it would be expensive and incredibly difficult for a business to print prices in this way , but it is an annoyance . 
  it 's not to rip people off . 
  too much advertising but it 's the same everywhere , advertising is a fact of life in a western capitalist economy . 
  wasteful consumerism ?
