  what do you think this is going to achieve ? 
  the reason why greece needed a second and now a third bailout is because the austerity conditions imposed upon greece by the first bailout caused a depression bigger than the us ' great depression in the 1930s . 
  this depression starved the greek government of revenue and thus rendered them unable to adhere to the conditions of the first bailout , so they had to go cap-in-hand to the eu for more . 
  they cut spending again and the economy kept tanking . 
  now they want to turn the screw more and everyone knows what will happen as a result . 
  greece owed less money before the bailout than they do now . 
  think about that . 
  the reality is that they are never going to be able to pay back the debt they currently have and if they cut spending even more they 'll be back in that downward spiral . 
   it all depends on the terms . 
  sure everyone wants greece to stay in the ez but as i said before there is a limit , and negociations are important to find solutions that are resonable to all . 
  it 's not like greece is out of ez and it probably wo n't ever leave yet you call that a failure ? 
  have you checked the news recently ? 
  the eurogroup is not pursuing reasonable terms . ^ i linked this to someone else but it 's a good overview of the greek crisis , [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.vox.com/2015/7/1/8871509/greece-charts ) honestly , they would have been better off never joining the euro but now that they 're in the euro they 're fucked . 
  the high value of the euro pre-crisis made greek exports more expensive on the world market and thus reduced them , meaning less money . 
  they import 85 % of what they consume , and if they left the euro now they 'd be stuck buying all that with a worthless currency . 
  they also ca n't pay off their existing debts with a new currency as their sovereign debt was issued in london , and british law does n't allow greece to make those kind of changes unilaterally . 
  this would mean that greece would owe hundreds of billions of euros to creditors and would have to convert worthless drachma to service that debt - but this would be so disadvantageous to greece that they 'd likely stop paying the debt . 
  greece would then be frozen out of global credit markets . 
  greece needs serious debt forgiveness , major structural , cultural , and political reforms . 
  you are n't going to get any more blood from the greek stone . 
  think about what it would be like if you were a young greek at the moment : 50 % youth unemployment and the promise of more to come for the next decade ( or more ) . 
  that 's a human tragedy on an epic scale and a recipe for serious instability in europe . 
  the article addresses the tax problem too . 
  however , let me call your attention to this ( from the article ) :  speaking of tax revenues , there 's no real need to belabor this , but greece is unusually bad at collecting taxes . 
  these numbers come from the organization for economic cooperation and development , and they show what an outlier greece is when it comes to tax collection . 
  ** this is n't the cause of greece 's crisis , but it 's definitely not helping them get out of it ** . 
  you 're looking at one side of a dodecahedron . 
  greece has cut more government spending than any other eurozone country , the resulting economic downturn ( greater than the us ' great depression , and we all know the legacy that left in the us ) meant that they required another bailout and more austerity , which kills the economy even more and then we get to needing this 3rd bailout . 
  greece has very serious issues with corruption and inefficiency to deal with , but when the patient begins to flatline , it 's time to remove the leeches and stop the bloodletting . 
  this is n't just about economics . 
  it 's about what the european union hopes to become . 
  is it going to be a union of equals , or are the politicians in europe going to insist on beating the greeks even harder even though everyone knows it 's not working ? 
   greeks were very wreckless and unchanging for the past 5 years . 
  are you living on the same planet as me ? 
  [ this whole piece is really rather good , but you may want to look at chart # 9 specifically . 
  ] ( http://www.vox.com/2015/7/1/8871509/greece-charts ), 
   a shrinking economy is never a problem . 
  i 'm not trying to be rude but have you ever bothered to learn about economics at all ? 
   you just reduce the spending to what you can afford . 
  economies live and breathe because of aggregate demand ( i.e. 
  demand for goods and services ) . 
  in an economic downturn , the private sector cuts spending , thereby removing demand from the economy . 
  the state is the only beast left that has the spending power to top up the demand in the economy and get things moving again . 
  debt becomes a problem when you can no longer pay for it , as is the case with greece . 
  but the bailout proposals that germany wishes to impose upon greece actually increases greece 's debt and gives only a token debt reduction . 
  so again , i 'm left with the feeling that you have n't really read into the issues . 
  i apologize if i 'm mistaken on this . 
   how is it reasonable to just keep trowing money in a bottomless pit ? 
  it does n't seem resonable to expect other countries to just keep trowing money at greece when it has proven time and time again it dose n't have the political strenght to make the changes it needs to . 
  tsipras was ready to put his balls on the chopping block and agree to 99 % of what the eurogroup wanted . 
  they 're still willing to do that . 
  germany has decided to push for more , even after we seemed to have reached an agreement a few days ago . 
  i see your point of view , but i do n't think it 's relevant anymore . 
  the greek government has conceded , and the eurogroup decided turn the voltage up a bit . 
   where do you draw the line and say : `` throwing money at this problem just wo n't fix it '' . 
  you have to have a line for that . 
  the eu and germany have consistently claimed that they want greece to remain in the eurozone . 
  if what they want is for greece to leave , they should be honest instead of trying to shift the responsibility onto someone else . 
  i remind you that greece was ready to sign a deal as of a few days ago . 
   also there are other countries in the eu that have a shittier economy than greece . 
  is it fair to make them pitch in ? 
  even if they do n't pitch in how is it fair that greece gets so much money and they do n't ? 
  other people having it worse is n't a legitimate argument . 
  it 's literally a more advanced form of your parents telling you about the starving children in africa because you did n't want to eat your sprouts . 
  the reason those countries are poorer is because they were let into the eu while not being as developed as other economies , and helping out flagging eu members is part of the cost of admission . 
  if they 're so angered by that they should never have joined in the first place . 
  i 'm sure they 'll get their fill of eu development aid in the years ahead . 
   i do n't want greece to exit the ez and i do n't know what the best solution to this is , but i can rationally understand that there is a line or a limit , and i do n't know when that will be reached , but i can understand that there is a limit to anything . 
  if you 're against a grexit , you should be against these actions . 
  greece has conceded almost entirely . 
  it 's time to stop refusing to take yes for an answer . 
  nah , spain 's crisis was more `` build a shit ton of homes for people in northern europe to come and buy so they can retire in the sun or vacation here . '', 
  everyone and their mother 's mother 's cousin was buying a house in the sun before the bubble burst . 
  there were endless repeats of shows devoted to buying the perfect spanish house on the tv . 
   because these deals work mostly on trust . 
  and that trust is eroded when the greek people elect a socialist government . 
  so basically what you 're saying is greece should be treated like the us treated latin america throughout the 19th and 20th centuries ? 
  they can be democratic until they elect someone you do n't like ... 
   i think britain was smart to stay out of the ez . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  for a long time i felt we should have joined the euro but now i 'm bloody well glad we did n't . 
  there really is a lot to be said about having control of your own monetary policy . 
  spain 's situation , to be absolutely fair , is n't really as cut and dry as `` austerity . '', 
  they had a massive housing bubble that exploded , leaving the country with more unsold housing units than the entire united states , and as someone who lives in the us , you and i both know that there was a foreclosure on practically every corner a few years ago . 
  in spain there were `` se vende '' signs as far as the eye could see . 
  but greece has been bled dry and now they 're going to throw them into the ocean because they have n't barked when asked . 
   the uk give up their currency and adopt the euro to strengthen it . 
  you mean give up our fiscal independence and adopt a monetary policy that will always be designed around what 's best for germany ? 
  yeah ... nah you 're alright mate . 
  the kosovans love the us for intervening during the 1990s . 
  [ they have a statue of bill clinton and a street named after him in pristina ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bill_clinton_boulevard ) . 
   would the baltic states still be independent from russia in a decade if they are kicked out of the eu ? 
  yes : they 're in nato . 
  the eu is n't keeping them independent , that job is left to the 64,000 or so american troops deployed in europe . 
  someone in the megathread pointed out the similarities between that 50bn euro asset grab and the french occupation of the ruhr in the 1920s . 
  this is honestly rather sickening to watch . 
  these people do n't give a damn about greece or democracy if they are n't getting what they want . 
  they 've offered to sign what was put in front of them before the referendum , and we were supposed to have a deal a few days ago . 
  greece is n't a debtor colony of europe .
