  they never had to worry about unemployment : if they kept their head down and did as they were told ( as the majority of people everywhere are likely to do ) they would have a fair standard of life provided to them ( not an excellent one , and i certainly would n't want it , but it was something ) . 
  it 's the educated classes who strive for more , all over the world . 
  the vast majority of working class people are content to plod along as long as they can be guaranteed a small sense of security . 
  you know how most people do n't give a shit about politics in the uk ? 
  i 'm sure it was the same in the ussr , too . 
  most people do n't give a shit about big questions of principle : they 'll be happy as long as they can put food in their bellies and watch x factor on a night . 
  and honestly , as corrupt as the ussr was , i do n't think it was as corrupt as many of the present-day cis countries are . 
  or if it was , the corruption was n't as visible . 
  a lot of the rhetoric used by politicians in europe suggests that there is some protectionist motivation here . 
   d\u00f6pfner made an impassioned plea for european sovereignty , dignity , and the survival of local business in the face of american internet giants . 
  i do n't think that the case for google engaging in anti-competitive practices is as clear-cut as in other cases . 
  there 's a lot of grey area here . 
  it 's certainly not as clear-cut as microsoft crushing netscape in the 1990s ( even though they were ultimately not prosecuted , i think it 's pretty obvious how anti-competitive bundling ie with windows was ) . 
   local politicians turned bashing gafa into a campaign staple during the fall 2014 elections . 
  `` we do n't want to be a digital colony of the u.s. internet giants , '' said former french economy minister arnaud montebourg in an interview last year . 
  `` what 's at stake is our sovereignty itself . '' there seems to be a lot of resentment within the european political establishment over the fact that most of the internet giants europeans use on a daily basis are american . 
  there have been votes that back splitting google 's search services from other parts of the company . 
  it 's also clear that many european policymakers and politicians have no idea how the internet even works ( though this is n't something unique to europe , i 'd say most policymakers have no idea how the internet works ) . 
  why is n't their a `` european google ? '', 
  i certainly do n't think it 's because google have engaged in unfair competitive practices - they basically turned web search into something useful . 
  15 years ago searching for things on the web was an ordeal . 
  other countries have domestic answers to google : russia has yandex , china has baidu ( and an increasingly competitive marketplace in web search , but it 's important to note that the great firewall is motivated by an urge to protect and foster an indigenous chinese tech industry as well as the desire to censor ) , etc. 
  i do n't have a good answer as to why we do n't see a european answer to google but my hunch is that our governments did not and do not make the internet much of a priority and so most of our talented programmers end up in the united states instead of innovating at home . 
  i 'm inclined to agree about google offering the best search service , but whether they offer the best service is separate to whether or not they have engaged in anti-competitive practices ( this question is still unanswered ) . 
  the eu 's competition laws impose a `` special responsibility '' on firms that are dominant in their industry to not engage in practices which distort free competition in the single market . 
  google has a dominant position , how it earned this dominant position and the quality of the services they offer vs. their competitors is ultimately irrelevant to the question of whether they have engaged in anti-competitive practices . 
  i will say this : i 'm just giving you the opposing argument here . 
  i 'm not saying i think google has engaged in anti-competitive practices . 
  i 'm reserving judgement until i see whatever case the commission makes . 
  i think that some of the solutions that have been offered ( such as splitting up google 's search and google 's value-added services ) will actually be worse for consumers , as it will lead to less innovation and less ease-of-use . 
  however , google is in a position where they could easily drown out competitors like expedia or kayak when you search for a flight , just to name one example . 
  i 'm of two minds , because there are some hints of anti-competitive practices , but there are also hints of european protectionism . 
  going after google for their product search is frankly ridiculous , because barely anyone actually uses it and the competitors in that space are often terrible . 
  trying to force an eu-wide `` google tax '' so that google has to pay money to publishers for a few-sentence preview is utterly ridiculous and as we saw in spain , completely counter productive . 
  google is huge these days , and they 're putting their fingers into every pie because they no longer see themselves as just a search engine , but as a company that makes information work for their users . 
  a one-stop digital shop . 
  i can see that this strategy may lead to google getting too big ; the standard oil of the digital world . 
  i think google does most of these things in a far better way than their competitors and offers services that are fast , well designed , not laden with obtrusive advertising , and easy-to-use . 
  all that being said , something does n't stop being an antitrust violation because i happen to like the product . 
  i do n't think anyone can rule either way just yet . 
  just because a company can do something does n't mean it should be done . 
  similarly , just because it 's rational for that company to do something does n't mean that it 's positive for the market or for consumers as a whole . 
  when your operating system is used by millions of people you are in control of a vast platform and you can use that platform to favor your own services over that of your competitors . 
  i have no issues with google at all , and do n't see how they 're abusing their android platform , but i 'll wait and see what the commission comes up with before i dismiss it . 
  if you are using the power granted to you by your control of a dominant platform to favor your own products vs those of your competitors you are doing something that is rational from your perspective , but it means that other companies are not able to compete on the same terms and less competition is usually bad for consumers . 
  the best example of this is microsoft using the power of windows to make internet explorer the standard web browser in the 90s , crushing any real competition in the browser market - destroying netscape in particular . 
  the european commission also decided that microsoft was abusing their power by bundling windows media player ( and related technologies/programs ) in the early 00s so they mandated they release `` n '' versions of windows that did n't include media player . 
  i do n't think that it ever made much difference in the media player market but i 've never really looked into it so i could be wrong . 
  you 're actually right , paris is considered a [ primate city ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primate_city ) , and that 's what the phenomena i 'm describing falls into . 
  to successfully integrate you need to have an overarching idea/myth of what being british ( or whatever else ) actually means . 
  we do n't really have that in the uk . 
  we probably had it back in the time of empire , but since the 1950s we have n't really had a strong sense of our national identity and what it means to be british . 
  you ca n't buy into something if that something does n't exist ( or is poorly-defined ) in the first place . 
  the us is a good example of a country that has a value system and a founding mythology for newcomers to buy into . 
  anyone can become an american , but to do so you pledge allegiance to the flag , the constitution , and small-r republican values . 
  the important thing to note is that most south asian migrants to the uk have successfully integrated . 
  anjem choudary represents a tiny , tiny minority within a minority . 
  however , most are unable to see how successful integration is because when it comes to things like housing we segregate ourselves instead of living next to one another . 
  it 's easy to cultivate suspicion if everyone lives in separate communities without properly interacting with one another . 
  choudary is a joke . 
  he 's a trained lawyer who packed that in and chose to be a professional troll for islamism while sponging off the state . 
  a wind-up merchant if there ever was one . 
  it 's always worth a shot, 
  people can be interested in different parts of the world you know . 
  hover over his flag, 
  20 passengers is very small for a transatlantic flight . 
  just for perspective , an airbus a330-300 has a maximum capacity of 335 passengers in a two class layout . 
  concorde had room for 92 - 128 . 
  boeing 's new 787 seats 242 - 335 . 
  the problems described here are also because of the lack of a free market in services as well as the lack of a free market in capital . 
  capital ( i.e. 
  money , banking deposits , etc ) can move very quickly throughout the eu . 
  what ca n't move quickly is financial services like loans , credit cards , banks . 
  but these things are services and capital . 
  but having competition in things like mortgages eu-wide seems like it 'd be very difficult as there are so many different property laws and interest rates may vary wildly . 
  there are obvious problems that need to be addressed , and thanks for the article because it 's something i had n't considered before . 
  it seems like the solution to this problem will be more europe rather than less though , as the wildly different legal and regulatory patchwork across the 28 member states will need some kind of harmonization . 
  i 'll preface this by saying i lean towards yes , i used to be an unequivocal yes but the way greece has been treated as of late has made me question the eu . 
  some of your dismissals have compelled me to respond , because you 've been rather flippant in your responses . 
   directly , sure . 
  indirectly , no , the funds provided are helping to build infrastructure and the economy in places such as eastern europe , which will help to create new export markets for uk and european businesses in the future . 
  there 's also a hell of a lot of corruption and spending on white elephants . 
  [ the eu themselves have stated that they wasted millions funding airports and airport expansion projects , some of which will actually need more public money to survive . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/eu-wasted-money-on-new-airports-say-auditors/ ) in the interest of fairness , i 've glanced at the full report and it does say that some of the money was spent well , but they say that money was wasted in 9 of the 20 airports . 
  this is just one example . 
  your response to the point about africa and tariffs was what originally compelled me to respond because you just skipped over it . 
  simply put , eu agricultural policy is an economic `` fortress europe , '' because we make imports from africa more expensive in favor of subsidizing our own farming industries , which actually vastly increases poverty in the developing world as their farmers ca n't sell their products to the richer world markets . 
  there is a lot written about this subject and europe is n't the only guilty player in this , but it 's a real issue and reducing/eliminating tariffs on agricultural goods from developing countries is one of the things we could do that would greatly reduce poverty in africa . 
  the eu is more or less blind to the plight of the greek unemployed , and while there are arguments on both sides of this , it is n't like we are n't facing one or two lost generations there . 
  your response to the complaint about the eu 's `` worrying distaste for democracy '' is a bit of a whitewash . 
  i know of no policy or referendum in the us or the uk that has been rejected and then brought in through the backdoor like the ~ ~ european constitution ~ ~ lisbon treaty . 
  the scottish independence movement and british euroscepticism are both ideologies that are about feeling and emotion rather than cold hard facts and figures . 
  they 're about principle rather than outcome , and principle is sometimes quite valuable . 
  the similarities and shared flaws are very amusing though . 
  hell , they both have fair arguments on their side too , as well as serious risks and downsides . 
   we did n't want to join the euro because we saw all this crap was going to happen . 
  i am a massive anorak and found something the bbc produced way back in 1997 on youtube a month ago , called `` the great euro debate . '', 
  it was a question time meets the oxford union type show and the one participant that i remember most was norman lamont . 
  i do n't agree with much of what that man says but the arguments he put forward for why the uk should not join the eurozone and for why currency union was a bad idea have all come to pass , most acutely in greece . 
  the salience of what the no side said in that program struck me even though it was produced 18 years ago and before the euro was even introduced .
