  they 're a democracy , and that should count for something . 
  all the talk about the eu and the eurozone being a collaborative union of equals counts for absolutely nothing if this is how germany et al is choosing to operate . 
  the international money markets are n't rational . 
  investors are easily spooked . 
  there is a real risk that traders will start to speculate on italian , spanish , and portuguese debt/economy if greece leaves the eurozone , and their need not be any real reason for it . 
  if speculators sniff blood in the water that they can make money from , they will find the corpse and eat until they vomit . 
  this process is quickly turning me very anti-euro and very anti-eu , which i never in a million years thought i 'd say . 
  this has gone on long enough . 
  they had a deal . 
  why are germany and other countries insisting on turning the screw just that little bit further ? 
  greece has suffered enough , and they 're willing to suffer even more , but it looks like the hardline countries want to cut their skin and piss in their wounds . 
  enough is enough . 
  the request to have state owned property transferred to an outside agency for sale is frankly a disgusting infringement upon sovereignty . 
  germany and their bloc either want greece out of the eurozone but want to blame greece for it ( even though they 've started to kiss merkel 's boot at this point ) , or they want to force tsipras and syriza to resign . 
  both options are absolutely intolerable , especially the latter . 
  it 's starting to look like all the claims of european unity and democracy are a sick joke . 
  if this is the shape of things to come , i want out , and i 'm not even a right winger . 
   this seems like a terrible deal for everyone except the banks who are now off the hook . 
  lets not forget the global economy ... you know , the one that would have taken another huge nosedive like the one that happened in 2008 ? 
  all it took was a single bank and the ripple effects have crippled a generation . 
  there 's a strong possibility any european banking collapse would have been worse , because countries had already extended themselves with fiscal stimulus and bank bailouts in response to the 2008 collapse . 
  bailing out greece was n't really about greece so much as it was about cutting a cancerous tumor from french and german banks in order to stop another financial catastrophe . 
  it was never really about helping the greek people , that was always a side benefit , if it was ever a consideration at all . 
   really , the only thing , i can imagine , was in heads of people celebrating the referendum results ( confirming breaking of already broken negotiations ) was `` we shown them millions of our middle fingers and now let it be what has to be '' . 
  somewhat this . 
  also , nobody , not even syriza , expected a no vote ( especially not one with quite so healthy a margin ) . 
  the glory is because this strong no vote at least strengthens syriza 's mandate to negotiate and the positions they have taken so far . 
  syriza and tsipras probably had resignation letters penned , ready for a `` yes '' result . 
  the other side of the negotiating table has to pay attention , unless they want to be seen as eu-imperialists that do n't really give two shits about the wishes of the greek people . 
   not even the nazis were that cruel and unscrupulous in the neglect of people . 
  bruh ... i 'm sorry but you 're gon na have to hit the books again, 
  it 's nonsensical . 
  the southern european economies actually bring the value of the euro down which helps german exports more than anything else and actually makes the problems in southern europe worse as germany takes money from outside and inside the eu . 
   sweating like jimmy savile in the paralysed children 's ward . 
  lost it , thanks for the laugh . 
  we 're british , remember ? 
  we ca n't enjoy the whole day unless we 're drunk for 85 % or more of it . 
  i do n't think anyone in europe can compete with german efficiency . 
  we 're on holiday . 
  that means fuck getting up at 7am . 
   every little shitty nation in europe is thinking small , only about themselves , unable to see us one union . 
  times of crisis put everything in perspective . 
  the best and worst characteristics of a nation bubble to the surface . 
  unfortunately , we europeans have a tendency to be rather insular and self-interested when it comes to international or european calamities . 
  sure , consecutive greek governments have behaved like a 10 year old given an iphone filled with zynga games that 's registered to daddy 's credit card ... 
  but greeks are still human . 
  it bothers me to see breadlines in a country that 's been an eu member state for decades . 
  and sure , there 's been a lot of taxpayer money offered to greece , but the vast majority of that money has not gone to support the greek budget but to support french and german banks . 
  see , now you 've really joined the high income countries !, 
   i recall reading the greek shipping industry is somewhat exaggerated in size , as the greek flag is frequently used for convenience . 
  this is n't a problem unique to greece . 
  shipping companies use flags of convenience all the time , and i 'd honestly be surprised if greece was all that compelling as a flag of convenience . 
  ship owners usually fly flags from places like liberia or the marshall islands because there 's close to zero regulation or rules to abide by . 
  your ignorance is astounding . 
  / u/koleye was completely respectful and you attacked him and dismissed what he had to say simply because he was american . 
  pro tip : when you do stupid shit like that , you look like the dumb one . 
  hope this comes in handy in the future . 
  greek eur notes are probably going to be fine as all euros are backed by the ecb and not the greek government . 
  they 're printed under license from the ecb so where they 're printed is basically irrelevant . 
  the exchange rate could go up or it could go down . 
  some speculate that investors might see a grexit as a good thing and the euro may rally . 
  i 'm not so sure and the markets are n't usually that reasonable - investors spook really easily so i 'd wager that the eur falls in value a bit but stabilizes and then increases in value afterward ( presuming there is limited risk of contagion ) . 
  if the risk of contagion is realized then it does n't really matter where your money is in the western world , we 're all going to be fucked ( again ) . 
  all those turks chilling in germany and holland better fuck off back to western anatolia then if we 're going to go by your standard . 
  or , you could just allow the kurds to form a state ( that will be orientated towards the west ) and respect the rights of people in turkey so no one has anything to complain about in the first place . 
  the fact that they bother to try and fool us still puts them a cut above any of the other bastards in the region . 
  even if the pkk are violent and ostensibly communist their record is significantly less bloody than any other player in the current conflict , and communism is preferable to jihadism , even though i am not a communist . 
  the demands are absurd but the only reason that they can be imposed on greece is because greece ca n't borrow effectively on the open market because their public spending has been an international disaster area for decades . 
  their economy is over regulated , corrupt , and inefficient . 
  years of austerity have made the problem worse as the fundamental reforms the greek economy would need in tandem with spending cuts have not been made . 
  the european leaders ca n't be expected to give money to greece like it 's a drunk cousin who ca n't get his shit together for the rest of time , can they ? 
  the political reputation of those people does n't rest on this crisis . 
  the rest of the world has pretty much decided that greece is a balkan basketcase and that they wont fault the eu , imf , or ecb for pulling the plug , as sad as it is . 
  i do n't really think the government is all that naked . 
  austerity ( or whatever reforms the troika insisted upon ) has clearly done nothing to help greece . 
  they 're worse off now than they were when this began . 
  now , the shit would have hit the fan either way but the advice given so far has been to move the elephant dung slightly closer to the fan . 
  what this government propose is at least something different than the policies insisted upon for the past 5 years . 
  they may not solve the problem , but what we 're insisting upon now is n't doing that either . 
  i realize they 're giving the greek people the gun to blow their own heads off with by insisting upon this referendum , however . 
  but i think it 's good in the sense that no one but the people can be blamed for what happens next , for better or for worse . 
  gorbachev was on the sidelines after 1992 because the ussr died . 
  he had no power . 
  you are n't wrong . 
  the shock doctrine makes great points , by the way . 
  but it is n't the entire picture . 
  roku-ro is also right , and most russians would also agree with him : they 're responsible for their own house . 
  the imf and western economic advisers gave terrible advice , but yeltsin was in charge the second time around , and he was voted in legitimately the first time around . 
  russians are n't children . 
  they were n't just jumping up and down on the command of the usa during the 90s . 
  both bush and putin are classic examples of what is called the [ `` rally ` round the flag effect . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rally_'round_the_flag_effect ) russia does not see itself as the aggressor in this conflict , but taking defensive action to protect her interests . 
  russia thinks that eu expansion is a threat and that nato is currently aggressively expanding to encircle it . 
  i do n't agree with this narrative but it 's how things are portrayed in the russian media and how most in russia perceive this conflict . 
  putin is a classic russian strongman that is seen as the embodiment of russian unity ( crimea has been returned ) and the protector of russians/russian speakers abroad ( they believe the ukrainian revolution was a `` fascist '' coup and that russian speakers/fellow russians were in danger ) . 
  the russian public also see this as russia finally standing up on the world stage in contrast to the chaos that was the 1990s . 
  they rally around him because of all this . 
  russia say they just wan na swing by with the assist for old times ' sake ... respect, 
  he did n't equate the ussr with russia , he said that stalin embarked upon a policy of russification within the ussr , which is an objectively true statement . 
  this primarily took the form of promoting the russian language in other soviet republics .
