  would n't you be able to line up in the eu citizens line ? 
  it could have just been understaffed . 
  i just finished a trip to spain from the us and the non-eu/efta line moved just as fast if not more so than the eu citizens line . 
  most countries in europe are going to have visa waiver programs or visa on arrival provisions for countries that are developed enough . 
  if you 're from a well-developed country and want to visit the us , for example , you are eligible for the visa waiver program and would just have to fill out the efta online before you fly . 
  there is visa free access to the uk for nationals of 56 countries , and plenty of other countries have similar policies . 
  denmark would maintain such a system . 
  one thing that needs to happen to make a digital single market a feasible thing is to have a single copyright law system ( and it needs to be reasonable , i.e. 
  not the eu adopting gema nonsense or spanish media laws ) . 
  a lot of geo-blocking is down to services not having the right to distribute content in every country , so there needs to be major reform of the eu copyright law framework before we get rid of geo-blocking . 
  then there are the rather suspect legal cases that the commission is bringing against players like google , which are frankly just bs and seem like protectionism/spitting dummys out because there are n't many eu-based internet giants . 
  having a digital single market is long overdue though . 
  i missed being able to reply to this last night but : why would the streisand effect apply to a child porn removal request and not to a right to be forgotten removal request ? 
  since the streisand request relies on public outrage at information being censored , i 'd say you 're far more less likely to get an effect about child porn as 99.9 % of people have no patience for child pornographers . 
  your point about criminal records being purged is a fair one but the way i see it is this : the vast majority of people who will file right to be forgotten requests will be powerful people who want to bury information that makes them look bad in the public eye . 
  the effect on people who have criminal records that are purged is important and makes me feel torn on the issue , however . 
  in the digital age removing the information from a search index is as good as destroying the information itself as it will be incredibly hard to find . 
  thanks for the correction , i knew it was one of them but was n't sure which . 
  went with the echr as it was the first that came to mind . 
  surely that would be covered under child pornography laws and would n't need to be removed according to the right to be forgotten , no ? 
  good . 
  the fact that the ~ ~ echr ~ ~ ecj ruled this way was disgraceful anyway . 
  i was back in europe recently and seeing `` some results may have been removed under data protection law in europe '' on my search results was really disconcerting . 
  censorship of any kind is not something that liberal minded people should tolerate . 
  you ca n't tell a library to burn old newspapers , why should google be expected to do the same to search results ? 
  yeah , but the dollar is actually doing rather well at the moment and pegging the ruble would mean their exports are more expensive relative to other exporters on the world market . 
  if the ruble is worth less , their exports are cheaper and therefore more competitive . 
  they just need to find a happy medium so the ruble is n't worthless but also is n't too expensive . 
  have you opened a newspaper at any point in the past year ? 
  hint : ukraine . 
  hint : baltic states . 
  hint : eurasian economic union, 
   plus i 've been told consistently here that europeans do n't buy american goods or that they are banned for sale . 
  [ why do n't you look at actual trade figures rather than what commenters on / r/europe tell you . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countries-and-regions/countries/united-states/ ) putting around 500bn eur worth of trade ( the combined figure ) at risk or disrupting it would be hugely damaging to both europe and the us . 
   europe is not in any danger of going up in flames with or without nato . 
   the eu can step in , ** or even russia ** . 
  i 'm not sure how someone could write that with a straight face . 
  ask for some seroquel the next time you see your shrink . 
   well i do n't see what good nato is for anyone . 
  wars are pretty costly and disruptive in almost every way you can think of . 
  we live in a globalized world where our economic performance and the wellbeing of our citizens depends on the health of the global economy . 
  who would have thought that the collapse of an american investment bank would cause millions of chinese people to lose their jobs ? 
  not to mention the economic disruption everywhere else . 
  imagine what would happen if europe went up in flames and stopped buying things that are produced in the us . 
  global economic pandemonium on an unprecedented scale . 
  world history is pretty clear : when there is no regional hegemon things get unstable as bigger nations vie for power against those smaller than them . 
  we do n't live in the 1700s anymore , conflict is global and having a large collective security bloc helps to maintain the balance of power so that opportunistic nations do n't just pick smaller nations off one by one . 
  the fact that we have n't had another world war since 1945 is in large part due to nato and you 're a fool if you think that we 'd be completely fine without it . 
  the days where isolationism was a reasonable foreign policy option are long gone my friend . 
  since you seem to lack the mental capacity to understand subtext i 'll spell it out clearly for you : you have offered that pew survey as evidence that the syrian refugees have beliefs that are incompatible with western/european values when said survey did not even poll anyone in syria . 
  if i paint a wall black i ca n't go on to say that the wall is actually white , that would be silly . 
  in addition , your claim that the survey shows that muslim immigrants/refugees hold beliefs that are incompatible with european society is also suspect ( read : nonsense ) , for the following reasons : a. 
  you ca n't claim that a survey that polls muslims living in various countries is representative of muslims that live in western europe as muslims living in western europe were not polled . 
  you ca n't claim that this poll is evidence of what anyone in syria believes as syria was not a country polled and the middle east is actually a rather diverse place , especially when it comes to politics . 
  c . the polling shows that opinions on sharia law are by no means universally shared and in many cases there are only slim majorities either way . 
  i wonder how many people in the us would answer yes to the question `` should we base the laws of the united states on the bible ? '', 
  hmm ... how interesting to note that `` syria '' is not one of the countries surveyed in that report . 
  show your cards bro , [ the only poll i can find shows that there is at most around 30 % support for sharia as a source ( but not the only ) of new legislation . 
  there is even less support for sharia as the only source of legislation in syria . 
  ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/155306/arab-uprisings-women-rights-religion-rebuilding.aspx ) i 'd like to see your polls if they show something different . 
  oh , and there is the whole matter of a war going on which kinda prevents any decent polling so anything newer than 2011 is likely to be complete bs . 
  i do n't mean it in the criminal sense , i mean it in the `` lets put on a disguise and set a camera running and pester the life out of a celebrity until we catch footage of them doing something salacious '' sense . 
  the news of the world was notorious for this , see : tulisa contostavlos . 
  that being said , it does n't seem like that 's what has happened here ( though who knows , more info could come out ) . 
  it seems like the prostitutes sewel cavorted with secretly filmed him . 
  you 're missing your sarcasm tag . 
  it was hidden camera footage from `` the sun on sunday , '' aka the news of the world 2.0 . 
  this is n't the first time this sort of thing has happened and it is n't going to be the last , murdoch 's rags do this all the time . 
  i would n't even be surprised if it turned out that there was some subtle suggestion ( read : entrapment ) employed for them to get the footage . 
  either way i honestly do n't care , sounds like the guy had a good time while it lasted . 
  thanks for this . 
  i had a good chuckle . 
  i 'm by no means an expert on german politics ( or informed in general ) but i think i got the gist of that , and it is only the statement of one half of the grand coalition ( not even the largest one ) . 
  the spd might be in favor but is the cdu ? 
  perhaps more importantly , is the csu in favor ? 
  i would expect the spd to be a bit more accommodating to the greeks but i know that merkel would have a hard time getting any bailout through the bundestag . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see what happens with bated breath . 
  i honestly feel that germany is n't coming to the table in an honest way . 
  their endgame is to push greece out of the ez . 
  edit for clarity : so even if the true finns have a fit , i do n't think germany is really concerned with keeping greece in the ez at this point . 
  the girls let you shove a cigar inside too iirc, 
  abide by the terms of the agreement . 
  i 'm failing to understand why articles from four or five years ago are relevant to the current greek situation . 
  probably because they 're about the furthest thing from relevant possible . 
  just stop , you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  the reasoning may be nuanced , but the effect is still the same . 
  it 's also rather perverse to allow finland to nuke a deal with greece because of a bunch of right wing populists when they only make up 1.7 % of the esm fund in the first place . 
  [ just for context , that 's less than spain and only 0.2 % higher than ireland , two countries that were recipients of bailout money . 
  ] ( http://www.esm.europa.eu/about/governance/shareholders/index.htm ), 
  i know keynesian economics is n't the only way of looking at things . 
  but why do you think the united states has recovered from the 2008 crisis ? 
  they had a big fiscal stimulus , embarked upon a course of quantitative easing ( printing money , which the ecb is only just starting to do [ while excluding greece from the program ] ) , and did n't just pull the rug out from the economy . 
  i agree that greece is and has been a mess . 
  but i do n't want to make it a bigger one , and that means the countries with money have to be the ones to give way a little , as they 're the only ones with the means to do so . 
  2010 was a long time ago . 
  greece has changed quite dramatically since then . 
  again , greece needs major reforms but forcing more austerity is demonstrably not leading to a good outcome for greece and is condemning the country to further economic decline . 
  remember herbert hoover ? 
  greece can not currently service the debts they owe and the eurogroup 's solution is to offer them more debt and more spending cuts .
