  the constitutions were imposed `` legitimately '' by occupying powers who had won in war time . 
  they were the internationally recognized government of germany at the time and the population had accepted their authority as legitimate . 
  raw power is why those constitutions were legitimate at the time , and then afterwards they were legitimized as the populations of germany and japan did not radically alter them . 
   being that any argument contingent upon the use of force to resolve disputes creates factions the populations of germany and japan would have to ` naturally ' accept and adopt these new institutions as not only beneficial to their society , but accepted as their own . 
  what then , considering the odds , enabled these countries to succeed ? 
  both countries were well developed at the time and had populations that were accustomed to a high standard of living and a certain standard of law and government . 
  prior to the dictatorships emerging in both germany and japan each country had a somewhat developed legal system etc. 
  both japan and germany were industrialized countries at the time they were defeated . 
  in the case of germany , the destruction was so immense that it 's called `` stunde null '' ( zero hour ) . 
  the german people saw everything they knew , any vestige of a state , and their state-imposed national identity die and bring all of them with it , so they were pre-disposed to accept something radically different with which to rebuild . 
  the western allies also made a lot of attempts to `` re-educate '' the german population and teach them about free speech , tolerance , etc. 
  but there were plenty of germans who already wanted that . 
  i do n't know enough to comment about japan . 
   what does that say about germany , japan , and america ? 
  i think i covered this in the essay above ( sorry , bruh , that wall of text ) but i think the main thing it says ( if the argument i 'm presenting holds true ) is that a country usually ( there are exceptions ) needs to be at a certain stage of development ( it has to be industrialized , etc ) before a stable democracy can emerge . 
  incidentally , when japan began to westernize in the meiji period ( late 19th century ) and the early 20th century they chose to adopt the german model of government . 
   what enabled the united states , germany and japan to mend their differences ( particularly with the us ) in creating lasting security , fraternity , prosperity , and peace ? 
  what did it take for leaders in japan and germany to not only accept but implore the imposition by the united states over matters of national sovereignty ? 
  the overwhelming force of the united states , their almost total destruction at the end of world war ii , the fear of communism and the soviet union ( the us was the only country strong enough to fight if it came down to that ) , and their dependence upon the united states for economic aid in the immediate post-war era . 
  japan was made highly dependent upon the us for defense . 
  as for why they accepted the imposition by the us : most of the time the us is pretty reasonable . 
  for all their faults , they make a lot of good decisions and have ensured stability in europe and asia since world war ii . 
  in addition , they 're also not dictatorial . 
  the us allows its allies to disagree with their decisions and remain on good terms . 
  i 'm just saying you guys have a lot of ground to cover if you want to catch up and be a threat again, 
  ah , yeah in those places you could be in some trouble . 
  that being said , there are probably emergency phones placed every mile or so along the road . 
   thanks for that - had n't realized this . 
  for what it 's worth , the scots were convinced that they would vote for independence before the referendum and thanks to campaigning from pro union supporters mostly centering on fear of financial losses from independence it failed . 
  this is completely untrue . 
  from 2011 till the day of the referrendum ( in 2014 ) , there were only 4 polls that showed a majority for independence and even then the majority for independence was well within the margin of error ( except one with a 7 % lead , but it 's an outlier ) . 
  there were many more polls conducted in the same period that showed the `` no '' side had a comfortable lead . 
  also , it turns out that those economic `` scare stories '' were fairly accurate . 
  have you took a gander at the price of oil lately ? 
  do that and then look at scotland 's budget . 
  then come back and tell me that everything would have been alright . 
  finders keepers . 
  you walk until you come across civilization and get some help . 
  you 'll probably be okay . 
  cant disagree with any of this . 
  saudi arabia follows whatever policy leads to the best outcome for them in any given situation . 
  well , there are many plans for what happens next . 
  right now it seems that the plan for an neo-fundamentalist islamic empire is in the lead . 
  he was still an islamist and was very radical compared to egyptian standards . 
  i agree that saudi arabia is responsible for much of the spread of radical islam but morsi was still a big shift from the status quo . 
  and the global oil supply and therefore the world economy in the process ... 
   this kind of pre-supposes that the current conflict in the middle east is not exactly what those in power in the west desire and have worked towards . 
  explain how . 
  the money we get from selling arms is insignificant in comparison to the economic benefit we 'd get if the region was a lot more stable ( the oil price would be much lower ) . 
  the broader middle east was never going to be a unified counterbalance to the west as the sunni/shia divide runs too deep and arab nationalism is dead . 
  the truth about the middle east is that the oil is a blessing and a curse . 
  the oil resources guarantee an income for saudi arabia and other me countries but it also guarantees that very little industrial development or export-orientated industry will emerge . 
  your economy is entirely dependent upon pumping black gold and your political institutions become marred by cronyism and corruption . 
  yeah , we just had to kill millions of their soldiers and reduce a bunch of cities to rubble in order to get them to listen . 
  you need a national conflagration that burns away any belief in what exists before people are ready to try something radically different . 
  you realize he was trolling the shit out of you , right ? 
  he was trying * too * hard . 
  touche . 
  we 're all dumb . 
  our politicians , sadly , appear to have more sense than the ( english and welsh ) electorates . 
  first of all  russian name , turkish ancestry , british cunt . 
  legitimately gold . 
  bravo . 
  but honestly boris ca n't believe his luck right now . 
  he never felt strongly in favor of leave , in his heart he probably favored remain - he chose to lead the remain side as it was his path to the tory leadership in the event that the party destroyed itself in the event of a remain vote . 
  damn even i have to hand that one to you, 
  though it would make them seem pretty silly as a consequence . 
  none of us care . 
  if remain had won we would n't be staring the breakup of our fucking country in the face and we would n't have seen the value of our currency drop like a stone overnight . 
  i wonder how everyone is going to take it when that is felt on the shelves . 
  better off out ? 
  do n't make me fucking laugh mate . 
  can you care to explain how other than simply saying so ? 
  i 'm open-minded ( everything i 've seen suggests we 're going to be worse off or in a similar position to now only without any say in the rules we follow while paying more for the privilege ) but you have to do a little better than that . 
  if you had to guess , do you think there is popular support now ? 
  i feel like the vote last week might be it for the uk . 
  england and wales would n't strictly need to leave the uk , he 's saying england and wales could simply leave the eu while scotland and northern ireland remain , similar to how greenland left the eu ( while remaining in the kingdom of denmark ) but denmark itself remained . 
  not likely to happen . 
   it 'd be if like the united states wanted to leave nafta but california said `` hey , we 're going to negotiate to stay in this thing separately . '', 
  california actually did something quite similar to that when they unilaterally adopted much of the kyoto protocol . 
  a bunch of localities all across the us did the same thing too . 
  but you can unilaterally adopt environmental policy . 
  you ca n't unilaterally join an organization which requires its members to accede to you joining . 
   the implication being that even highly skilled immigrants are a negative to the country . 
  you 're referring to a very specific issue and the debate in the us is not portrayed in the way you 're saying it is . 
  there is evidence of h1b visa abuse in the tech industry where entire workforces have been fired and asked to train their replacements from overseas . 
  considering the requirements of that visa are that a suitable us applicant cant be found it seems like corporate bullshit to me . 
  this issue is spoken about by very few people too . 
  the woeful underfunding of the nhs has more to do with it . 
   did you read the news about north korean in poland ? 
  those north korean guest workers are there because the polish government allows them to be . 
  the european commission did n't even know they were there . 
  all poland needs to do is regulate against the practice and it would stop , just as most of the other eu member states ( including britain ) have done . 
   you gathered your toys and left , because you think you 're better than the rest of us if you actually look at what the people who voted to leave think you would realize that it 's not so much a sense of superiority ( though the way negotiate in europe certainly gives that impression to our continental friends [ you are still that , after all ] ) . 
  the biggest motivator in the minds of the old labour voters who pushed leave over the finish line was immigration . 
  and they 're not ( by and large , there are a few legitimately hateful bastards out there ) anti-immigrant because of hatred of the other . 
  these people are anti immigrant because they have been fucked at every turn for decades and then they see their towns and cities completely and irrevocably change with them having had no say in it . 
  they face competition and stagnant wages for the low end jobs immigrants are also aiming to take . 
  i 'm sure that most of these people would feel different if they did n't feel so acutely fucked by every aspect of british society . 
  unfortunately we do n't elect governments that work to change this and so here we are .
