  he was also likely to be pointing out that russians were always likely to be the most oppressed group in the soviet union as there were many more russians than any other ethnic group and thus any state repression is bound to affect russians more by default . 
   ask yourselve , would germany invide poland if it have n't had an alliance with the soviets and thus the pece on eastern border after their victory ? 
  would germany risk invasion of france if they could face a war on two fronts ? 
  yes , because that 's exactly what they did after a few years anyway . 
  hitler invaded poland months before he invaded france . 
  ukraine is clearly moving towards `` westernization '' and will probably become more like poland if they join the eu and reform . 
  russia probably hates this because ukraine will no longer be under their thumb . 
  crimea is russia 's most reliable outlet into the mediterranean sea ( their navy base in syria is on hiatus due to the ongoing civil war , but that base was n't as convenient as those in crimea ) . 
  crimea is very strategically important for russia 's naval capabilities . 
  better to invade and guarantee access than put that at risk . 
   as of now , finland does n't have anything to worry about . 
  so russia is n't flying fighter jets and whatever else up to finnish airspace on an almost weekly basis ? 
   and they 're expected to get better once the sanctions on both sides are lifted and we get to do some proper business again . 
  we 're all going to be waiting an awfully long time if anyone with integrity has anything to say about it . 
  russia is n't behaving like a modern nation state anymore . 
  they 're expansionist and those in charge seem to believe that foreign policy doctrines from the 19th century are still in effect . 
  who the hell would have thought russia would invade ukraine 5 years ago ? 
  no one . 
  that 's why they 're a threat : they 've become utterly unpredictable and capable of the unthinkable . 
  i think finland joining nato would ratchet up tensions like crazy . 
  but i do n't think you have nothing to worry about . 
  we should all be concerned about the path russia is embarking upon . 
  football will come home one day ... one day, 
  that last one is absolutely perfect . 
  nafta is n't considered a single market , the eu 's single ( `` common '' market ) is far more expansive ( less barriers to entry , regulatory harmonization , etc ) . 
  he 's talking about all the us military bases in europe , i think . 
  he also does n't realize that the eu 's single market is the largest economy on the planet and it still has room to expand ( especially in the east , and when southern europe starts to recover ) . 
  born : united kingdom live : united states where i 'm planning on moving : i 'm staying ( but i 'm getting the fuck out of the american south ), 
  i did take a moment to go down that rabbit-hole . 
  the ignorance is astounding . 
   the issue is more chilling as the us went into a jobless recovery and has an almost open borders policy i live here . 
  no , we do n't , believe me . 
  the us is the most difficult industrialized country to emigrate to ( i should know , i went through the process ) . 
  we have n't gone into a jobless recovery , either . 
  the unemployment rate is at 5.5 % in march , down from close to [ 10 % at its peak . 
  ] ( http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/lns14000000 ) we 've had over a year of continuous job growth . 
  and if you 're really worried about the us national debt and not just scared of brown people , you 'd realize that immigrants cut the debt as they contribute more in taxes than they take out , and are the labour force that pay for social security and medicare ( the biggest drivers of the us national debt , by far ) . 
  link the studies you speak of . 
  every single one i 've seen shows the exact opposite of what you claim . 
   then , though , let me play the ball back : that would mean giving the eu more authority , to a degree where your compatriots would drop their teacups in shock . 
  i 'm sadly well aware that my strong pro eu position is , unfortunately not shared by a lot of people . 
  however , it 's worth pointing out that uk public opinion on the eu is rebounding as of late . 
  it 's rather curious ( or rather , obvious ) , faith in the eu seems to correlate pretty closely with how the public perceives the uk economy to be performing . 
  [ the jump in favorability of the eu in the uk is bigger than a lot of continental european countries according to the pew research center . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/a-fragile-rebound-for-eu-image-on-eve-of-european-parliament-elections/pg-2014-05-12-eu-0-10/ ) [ half of us now want to stay in , and 9 % do n't know . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/a-fragile-rebound-for-eu-image-on-eve-of-european-parliament-elections/pg-2014-05-12-eu-0-11/ ) plus , the pro-eu arguments really do n't get much attention in the british media . 
  there 's a diet of farage 's simplistic `` better off out '' nonsense , cameron 's vague notion of `` reform , '' and not much else on offer . 
  i think opinion will shift when the pro-europe side comes out and discusses quite how important our membership is . 
  i appreciate your perspective on the issue , i wont repeat the same tired old nonsense in the future . 
  i suppose it is really a gross ( gro\u00df ? ), 
  oversimplification anyway . 
  there 's a difference between the way the anglosphere views the state in relation to the economy and the way germany does . 
  we 're obviously far more fond of letting the process of `` creative destruction '' take its course , for better or worse . 
  i have a lot of respect for the german model , but there 's going to have to be some give with respect to the rest of europe . 
  but then that raises the issue of what the eu is to become . 
  germany ca n't just be expected to hand over money , so there is going to have to be some kind of move towards a federal system so that there can be real fiscal transfers but with actual institutional accountability and legitimacy . 
  i 'm not suggesting that the trade imbalance is the cause of everyone else 's economic worries . 
  neither was bernanke . 
  my argument is : 1 . 
  the trade imbalance is making a bad situation even worse . 
  germany 's currency is lower than it would otherwise be because of the poorly performing economies in southern europe , which boosts german exports , making the trade imbalance problem worse ( and directly benefitting germany 's economy ) . 
  a long term trade imbalance between germany and the rest of europe means that money is flowing out of these languishing economies at a time when they desperately need it to be used on domestic consumption . 
  germany is the only european power in a position to help solve the economic problems faced by the other nations . 
  if something is n't done and germany continues to benefit without changing course , resentment will build , the eu will fall apart , and germany will be despised . 
  the world does n't need european enmity to emerge again , that particular pandora 's box has done enough damage for several billion lifetimes . 
  you can argue about the cause all you want , but that still is n't changing the effect . 
  and the effect will catch up with us all , and it will not be pleasant . 
  post ww2 , germany has always been really fiscally sensible , and that has to have something to do with the disaster that was the weimar republic . 
  i mean , it was a major cause of hitler 's rise to power at the end of the day . 
  but you may know more about the german national character than i , so i stand corrected if it 's just a bullshit trope . 
  the anglosphere trope is n't about german angst , it 's actually rather complimentary : we know that germany has their shit together and are far more disciplined than we are . 
  i 'd never encourage anyone to make a decision as stupid as that !, 
  that 's a fair point , but we get back to the issue at hand . 
  is the ecb 's mandate to do what 's right for germany or do what 's right for europe as a whole ? 
  they are n't necessarily the same thing . 
  we do n't love them , we just understand that respecting the integrity of the queue is the most important sign of civilization . 
  ... we 're also horribly repressed , until we drink . 
  you need to buy more of everyone else 's products . 
  [ that 1.87 % interest rate on the 10 year treasury bill . 
  man ... 
  the us is in real trouble . 
  ] ( http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/data-chart-center/interest-rates/pages/textview.aspx?data=yield ), 
  inflation is not europe 's problem right now . 
  the eurozone is deflating , now is the time to pursue inflationary monetary policies . 
  plus , with most of the eurozone experiencing little to no growth , the ecb is n't likely to raise interest rates for the foreseeable future . 
  there 's a huge amount of wiggle room before what you predict becomes an issue . 
  i did n't want that to be the take-away from my comment , because it 's not helpful . 
  i think the truth of the matter is that the average german just does n't get what 's going on . 
  pew has released great evidence of this , [ they say it 's like germany is on a different continent . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/a-fragile-rebound-for-eu-image-on-eve-of-european-parliament-elections/pg-2014-05-12-eu-0-14/ ) germany is a victim of its own success . 
  but that success is putting the stability of the eu as a whole at risk . 
  germany is n't intentionally screwing the rest of europe , but that is what is happening , and the trends suggest it will get worse . 
  people in the rest of europe will see this and there will be real bitterness . 
  germany is in a strong position right now to take a european leadership role ( if not a global one ) , but it needs to be the right role . 
  this is n't 1929 . 
  germany is the only european power with the ability to help ease the crisis in a meaningful way , but they have to throw off the legacy of weimar hyperinflation and understand that it 's better the eu survives and prospers rather than destroy itself from the inside , because if that happens there will be serious consequences for europe and germany in particular in the future . 
  russia controlling crimea after invading another sovereign country does n't make their control legitimate . 
  if we stand for anything we should stand for the territorial integrity of nations in the face of an invasion after a population made a political decision another country 's power center did not like . 
  i can buy a stolen laptop tomorrow , and maybe i can even keep that stolen laptop for a good while . 
  but it will never legally belong to me .
