  it was provocative . 
  but it has also been shelved , so why is it relevant now ? 
  russia however has continued to exert pressure on ukraine and has also interfered in their internal affairs to a great extent . 
  that 's what this debate is about - russia still seems to think that ukraine is one of their satellite states , and that it should be allowed to force ukraine into its economic sphere even if the people of ukraine would prefer otherwise . 
  this is part of a pattern with russia as of late , they have responded to the eu 's eastern partnership efforts by exerting pressure on former soviet republics that are interested in the eu . 
  armenia is another great example of this . 
   if the uk continues to do well while relatively speaking much of europe remains mired in near recession with high unemployment then the argument of us being in the eu for its economic benefits will become increasingly weaker . 
  or the opposite is true : we would be doing ** even better ** than we are right now if the eu was n't in such dire circumstances , seeing as how they are our largest trading partners . 
  you ca n't really pull the `` people have just stopped looking for a job and are n't counted as unemployed '' card when looking at the uk numbers . 
  the uk unemployment figures are calculated using jobseekers allowance ( jsa ) numbers , which ( in theory ) , a person can claim more or less indefinitely . 
   just like when russia had the express permission of the cuban government to place missiles their ? 
  fair enough . 
  you have a point . 
  but we 're not arguing about whether or not it is provocative to place missiles in ukraine , we 're arguing over whether or not they have the right to allow missiles there , and as a sovereign country they do . 
  it 's also important to note that the missile system proposed was not a us system , it was a nato system , and it was also a defensive system , not an offensive one . 
  by the same token russia also has the right to place troops on their border , but they ca n't annex another sovereign country or invade it . 
  what 's more threatening : a missile defense system or a large invasion force being placed on your eastern border ? 
  except the us ( or rather , nato ) had the express permission of the ukrainian government and russia certainly would not if they were to invade . 
  you can say whatever the hell you want . 
  it does n't make it true . 
  the argument that `` usa is evil , iraq !!!!!!!, 
  mid east , luk evil ! '', 
  is so overplayed and so easily debunked that it is n't worth my time hashing out again . 
  would you rather have offended the regime in russia or the united states ? 
  if you answer the former you need your head examined . 
  i agree , this is dangerous talk . 
  you said that russia had placed troops on ukraine 's eastern border . 
  that does n't seem very peaceful to me . 
  i was going to say that i hoped you were joking !, 
   how about taking into consideration the huge concessions that russia is offering join our free trade agreement and we wont block imports from your factories and we 'll make sure the gas pipeline does n't `` freeze up '' in the middle of winter ...  and the potential costs involved in modernizing and ensuring eu compliance for ukriane 's soviet-era industry ? 
  it has got to be done at some point , so how is this an argument ? 
  ceausescu banned all birth control and abortion so in a sense , yes . 
  and north korea calls the united states the `` world 's greatest human rights abuser . '', 
  what 's new ? 
   just so you know , iraq suddenly had wmds . 
  i suspected you would raise that point . 
  but just so i 'm not accused of deflection : the uk and the us have not annexed a single centimeter of iraqi territory and no longer have a serious military presence there . 
  any international observer is likely to tell you that iran was the ultimate victor of the iraq war , as they now have significant influence over their neighbors . 
  i do n't see what the iraq war has to do with russia threatening to annex half of a neighboring country . 
   also , in case you noticed , we are talking about when they country itself does n't values the notion of its populace . 
  the situation is far from being as black and white as that but even if they are - ukraine is a sovereign country and more or less has the right to do as they please in their own territory as long as they respect the fundamental rights of their citizens . 
  if the russian speaking majority in eastern ukraine feel so russian why do n't they move to russia ? 
  the ukrainians in western ukraine have just as much right to have their voice heard in government as those in eastern ukraine . 
  eastern ukraine could secede and join the russian federation if the people of ukraine decide via a free and open process to let that happen . 
  if that does n't happen russia has zero right to any territory in eastern ukraine . 
  i do n't see how pointing out the human rights record of eu member states and comparing it to russia 's is n't a valid area of comparison . 
  yes , i trust the eu more because the countries that are members have demonstrably superior track records with regards to good government and human rights . 
  russia seems to be in decline in this area as of late . 
  this is n't to say the eu is perfect , it is n't and needs improvement , but it 's demonstrably better than russia . 
   or maybe forced insemination of every fertile woman as a duty for the motherland . 
  minimum 6 children per woman . 
  i 'm fairly sure that was tried in a lovely place called romania - look at how that turned out . 
  except germany and the premier eu member states are all functioning democracies with healthy human rights records , and the same can not be said for russia . 
   putin declared right at the nato-russia summit in 2008 that if ukraine joined nat , russia would contend to annex the ukrainian east and crimea . 
  okay . 
  and what precedent in international law would allow russia to unilaterally annex half of another sovereign , independent country ? 
   we get bad press sometimes even when we 're not really wrong . 
  we dont care too much but its bad . 
  threatening to annex large swathes of a foreign country is wrong . 
  there is n't any gray area here . 
  i do n't care if every man , woman , and child in that region is russian - the territory is ukrainian . 
  irredentism was buried in the ashes of post war europe , russia is playing a very dangerous game trying to bring it back . 
  i 'm with you on the not caring . 
  it annoys me when people are needlessly servile and obsessed with the goings on of the house of windsor but i also do n't want another politicized office transplanted onto our system . 
  the snp 's position is that people from the uk would n't be able to go to scottish universities for free post-independence , despite eu law being clear on the issue . 
  i 'm inclined to prefer a republic , but also just feel that it is pointless . 
  do we really want a president of the united kingdom ? 
  assuming the role would be relatively powerless , it would be pointless and introduce more bureaucratic nonsense into the wider political machine . 
  the economy might be larger but the livelihood of people may not necessarily improve due to more people eating a ( comparatively speaking ) smaller pie . 
  i 'm not making that comment as a prediction , but it is a possible outcome . 
  if they have the money, 
  i dont put much stock in this at all . 
  it 's a very long-term outlook that relies on faulty assumptions - it assumes that the value of the euro is set to plummet , which does n't seem to be happening yet , and also assumes that germany 's population will fall without any action to prevent this ( gastarbeiter , anyone ? ) . 
  the following section of the article seems especially odd :  in a significant boost to george osborne 's austerity programme , the centre for economics and business research ( cebr ) hailed the uk as the second-best performing economy in the western world after the united states -- and said france was one of the worst . 
  it seems to suggest that the uk is already one of the best performing western economies , which is n't true at all . 
  we have n't even outperformed germany yet : eurostat predicts a 0.5 % gdp rise for the uk and a 0.7 % rise for germany , both pretty terrible but the uk is still behind . 
  the rates are set to be equal in 2013 . 
  if we compare 2012 gdp growth more broadly , the world bank says australia has the fastest growth at 3.4 % , followed by the us at 2.21 % , canada at 1.71 % , germany at 0.67 % , and the uk at 0.27 % . 
  the uk 's economic liberalism and outlook is much different from those on the continent . 
  markets on the continent are much more regulated and in some ways the state has a larger role in europe than it does in the uk . 
  the state is also seen differently on the continent . 
  i prefer the continental outlook but it just wont sell well in blighty , and the financial transaction tax is a good example of where the uk would get blindsided in a continental parliament . 
  britain 's financial services industry is very important to it 's economy and the proposed ftt would disproportionately affect the uk in comparison to say germany or france , and if the industry declined as a result we would be in worse shape than the aforementioned countries would be . 
  i do n't think britain would fit in with a federal europe anyway , our political culture and interests are too different and too narrow ( respectively ) and would get trampled in a real european parliament . 
   during the cold war we had plans for allying with the soviets and declaring war on the us , during ww2 we had plans for staying neutral or joining the axis [ citation needed ] plans for staying neutral in ww2 ? 
  that 's the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
  we were offered plenty to stay neutral and we declined to do so . 
  just try and see what the british foreign minister sounds like speaking any other language then ... 
  he 's right , people can downvote him but all he 's really doing is stating the facts on the ground , ( morally ) right or wrong . 
  ireland is a us ally but they 're of very little importance seeing as how they are n't a member of nato , have a tiny military , and do n't have the global reach that britain has . 
  i hate the sun , but i have to hand it to them - that is a brilliant front page . 
  speaking as someone almost completely detached from the situation in ireland , it all seems rather silly . 
  ireland and the uk are very , very similar in a lot of ways . 
  we speak more or less the same language , our economies are very closely linked , we watch the same things on tv , we have all the same brands in the shops , etc etc. 
  we are very similar in outlook and have more in common than not . 
  obviously you ca n't ignore britain 's shameful treatment of ireland historically , but the violence , to me at least , seems to be like two brothers fighting each other . 
  hang on a second . 
  the eu is hardly very pro-britain is it ? 
  hell , just a few years ago france and germany were pushing for a financial transactions tax as a means to fund the euro bailout fund , which is a nice idea until you realize that the vast , vast , vast , majority of the tax would be paid by britain as a result of our financial services industry . 
  when cameron vetoed it ( and rightly so ) , france threw a fit .
