my personal opinion is that he 's a very reasonable man . 
  the man invaded georgia and ukraine on false pretenses , supplied sophisticated sam launchers to braindead rebels who proceeded to use it to shoot down a passenger airliner , pushed for draconian anti-gay laws to be passed , potentially stole an election , heads a party that has modern-day ~ ~ hitler ~ ~ putin youth camps , and the list can go on . 
  the man is many things . 
  reasonable is not one of them . 
   no wonder the entire world labeled turkey as an ill country . 
  it was the ottoman empire that was called the `` sick man of europe '' rather than turkey . 
  atat\u00fcrk came about in response to this , he did n't cause it . 
   i 'm just damning the lazy attitude of turks in the past . 
  so what if you lost the war ? 
  so did japan , but look at their resolve and their recovery . 
  too damn honourful people , my people . 
  japan actually fought on the side of the allies in world war i ( the only world war turkey ( then the ottoman empire ) fought in . ), 
  so i do n't understand the comparison . 
  you were neutral in world war ii . 
  japan also got a lot of help with post-war reconstruction because the united states feared that japan would go communist if aid was n't provided . 
  the korean war was also a big help for japan because japan was america 's forward operating base during that conflict - and a lot of money flowed into japan because of it . 
  turkey did n't enjoy those advantages . 
  most of the people living in those countries are not actually citizens of those countries . 
  for example , in 2010 , only 13 % of the uae 's 8 or so million residents held emirati citizenship . 
  if you are a citizen of these oil-rich ~ ~ slave states ~ ~ , playgrounds you get pretty cushy benefits ( high-paid government jobs , generous welfare payments , etc ) . 
  they operate under a kind of caste system , with locals at the top , westerners afterward , then other ethnic groups below that . 
  i wont go into how those at the bottom are treated , it 's pretty common knowledge by now and completely disgraceful . 
  france must not care about europe very much either considering who they voted for in the european elections . 
  at least ukip are n't fascists . 
   you guys when have i complained about this ? 
  i was going to give you a proper response but then i read further and all i see is some paranoid conspiratorial rant . 
  i 'm not going to dignify it . 
   yeah , because the labour policy was so great and led to so much social stability . 
  we 're not unstable . 
  we 're the country that is most welcoming to migrants from any country on earth in europe , we attract more immigrants than anywhere else in europe , and we 've done a pretty good job of it in my opinion . 
  i do n't see any race riots . 
  britain is a multicultural and tolerant society . 
  / u/jebusgobson is right , by the way . 
  you ca n't say that `` european opinion is meaningless '' and then expect them to listen to british opinion . 
  it 's a country with huge potential : fantastic art , incredibly smart people , the list could go on and on . 
  it has a very dark and depressing history . 
  the russian strongman-as-leader is so common that it 's almost cliche at this point . 
  their economy is way too reliant on oil and natural gas , and is going to sink like a stone if something is n't done to diversify it . 
  much of the countryside is still undeveloped , and the quality of life in these places is probably worse than it was in soviet times . 
  the economic `` shock therapy '' of the 1990s was a mistake of monumental proportions . 
  i feel that something should be said about the current government . 
  russia seems to be rapidly descending into a kind of neo-fascism , and putin 's expansionist aspirations remind me of the darkest hours of european history . 
  the argument about `` 76 million muslims '' holding sizable sway in the european parliament is either fear-mongering at best , or racism at worst . 
  the eu parliament does n't even introduce legislation - that 's what the executive does . 
  what would they even do with this majority ? 
  it 's not like they can try and pass laws that undermine the charter of fundamental rights and freedoms , so what are we worried about ? 
  that someone with a different religion or cultural background is going to vote on the laws ? 
  now , this majority could be used to attempt to change that charter , but why would the other eu states let that happen ? 
  they could just force turkey to leave if that were to happen . 
  besides , turkey wanting to join the eu suggests that they 're aspiring to the values that the eu represents - so why would they want to change that when they get their foot in the door ? 
  you do n't get excited about going to a steakhouse and then order tofu . 
  i do n't think many have an opinion on it . 
  they 're probably more concerned about whether the uk should be in or not . 
  you explicitly said that every eu citizen would be against turkish membership . 
  i am an eu citizen and i am not against turkish membership , ergo you are wrong . 
  i never said i was speaking for all uk people . 
  i stated the uk government 's official position , which happens to mirror my own . 
  i do n't think it 's worthwhile listening to greek opinion on the matter considering the enmity that exists between your two countries . 
  the language you and some turkish commenters are using is highly charged . 
  i 'm not saying that some of the enmity is n't well deserved - it is , turkey committed grave crimes against the greeks and the armenians , but it is in the past . 
  turkey is going to be an economic powerhouse , strategically located at the crossroads of asia and europe . 
  the eu will be stronger as a group if we have turkey join - but only after turkey is better developed . 
  ( and after they gtfo of cyprus ), 
  it 's a distinct region , however . 
  i would n't really consider it part of asia `` proper . '', 
   but because nobody in europe wants turkey to join . 
  do n't speak for me . 
  the uk is in favor of turkish membership of the eu and so am i , when they are more developed and improve their governance . 
  okay , the fact that ukip would run the second poster ( the one about `` celebrity lifestyles '' ) when farage 's expenses have been in the news lately is just ridiculous . 
  the sad thing about it all is that most historians believe that if the easter rising was n't crushed in the way that it was there would n't have been too much support in ireland for home rule and independence . 
  whether this would have been a good thing is a different question , but i think it is fair to assume that there would have been less bloodshed . 
  your characterization of the government of ireland act is slightly misleading though . 
  britain did n't split northern ireland from ireland unilaterally and out of spite , they did it because the protestants in the area told them that they would take up arms if they were made a part of a unified ireland with home rule . 
  if it were up to the british government in london there would never have been a partition of ireland and the entire island would have been granted home rule . 
  the threats from the unionist community in the north were n't to be taken lightly - and i think adding the orange order and their ilk into the conflagration that was occurring in southern ireland at the time would n't have been a nice result for anyone involved . 
  this is truly a historic moment for two very similar countries ( that may be because of colonialism on our part , however ) , one can only hope that the peace holds and we move forward in the spirit of cooperation rather than conflict . 
  as an aside , i was always under the impression that the people in the roi and the uk mainland were more or less ambivalent about the situation in northern ireland . 
  that is to say that both the average dubliner and average mancunian did n't much care about the ira and the udf . 
  is this true in the irish context ? 
  thanks for the guide . 
  i use my rice cooker for rice , i 've never bothered to cook anything in it . 
  i 've never heard anyone recommend a ceramic knife sharpener though , do n't they fuck up the blade ? 
  slow cookers can often do rice but what you 're looking for is something like [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/lloytron-e3321-automatic-cooker-litre/dp/b006i0lm3k/ref=pd_sxp_grid_i_2_2 ) there are more advanced models on amazon too if you 're interested . 
  i think they 're harder to get in the uk but in the us they 're ubiquitous . 
  please stop . 
  just , please . 
  if you ca n't spend that coupon on anything it might as well not exist . 
  money is only worth its purchasing power , and if it has none it might as well be paper . 
  buy a rice cooker . 
  you win every time . 
  dude , you live in the uk . 
  i 'm 99 % sure that there are n't cockroaches swanning between the buffet selections and drowning in the soup . 
  china 's market has already been won by baidu . 
  again , where are the missiles that nato has deployed in ukraine ? 
  they are n't there because they were n't deployed . 
  however , russia has continued to aggressively interfere in the internal affairs of the former soviet republics , despite the fact that there is no aggression from nato , the us , or the eu . 
  the eu is n't interfering in ukrainian affairs , they 're offering them a potential path to membership that they have to voluntarily embark upon . 
  their motives are irrelevant , their actions as of late speak volumes to what they 're trying to do . 
  i 'm not defending the missile shield expansion plan .
