  the eu 's antitrust laws are basically a carbon copy of what you see in the states . 
  the name `` antitrust '' comes from the name of the us legislation , the sherman antitrust act . 
  so there is n't a different situation in the us and that is n't why europe can not into large tech firms . 
  the eu 's antitrust laws see it differently . 
  eu antitrust law recognizes that companies have obligations to society as a whole and not simply to their bottom line . 
  the law imposes a unique responsibility not to artificially distort competition on companies that have a dominant market position . 
  i can see the merit in your position , i 'm just saying that the laws see things differently and that 's probably a good thing . 
  google provides great products . 
  but it 's not always a google that tries to use their muscle to distort competition - it could be a company offering a terrible product that just wants to protect it 's monopoly . 
  lack of competition inevitably leads to higher costs , lower quality products , and lower quality service , too . 
  telling phone manufacturers and retailers that they ca n't sell android phones unless those phones include your software and not your competitors is pretty anticompetitive . 
  even if google offers better services than yandex , we must n't forget that competition is a good thing in and of itself and that distorting competition via underhand tactics serves no one but google 's bottom line . 
  you can make as much money as you want , you just ca n't use your leverage and platform to prevent other people from making money too . 
  this sort of bs is the same crap that microsoft pulled to kill off netscape in the 1990s . 
  the big thing is industrialization , that gave europe the edge over everywhere else . 
  i just took a test that covered why the uk industrialized first so i thought i 'd have a go . 
  it was really just the right combination of factors and resources at the right time . 
  and they 're a superpower now ? 
  i 'll believe that when it costs me $ 150 to fill my tank . 
   the question i always have is why dont countries that are poorer run government programs to e.g. 
  construct a road network . 
  doesnt have to be a modern one , just one you can sustain , and that works for you . 
  those countries may not have access to a means of financing that infrastructure spending and may have a bunch of internal issues ( i.e. 
  corruption ) that prevents them from going to somewhere like the world bank . 
  some countries are making slow progress by tackling serious issues as they go , but others are led by people more interested in enriching themselves than helping their countrymen . 
   honestly , at this point im wondering how the west managed to do it to begin with ... lots and lots of countries seem to have big problems getting off the ground , or even improving their own standard of living . 
  how did europe do it ? 
  hundreds of years of slow progress and population growth , imperial expansion , winning the technology roulette and then being the first area on earth to industrialize . 
  you need a capital base so that money can be invested , europe had that because of empire . 
  you need raw materials like coal and metal ore , europe had plenty . 
  you need a market economy , and europe had slowly began to develop one . 
  you also need a lot of unskilled labor to work in the factories and newly-industrialized enterprises . 
  luck was a big part of it . 
  i 'm a brit but live in the states . 
  yeah , a case like this would go to a magistrate in the uk but you could ask for a jury trial ( you just open yourself to higher penalties as a crown court judge has more sentencing power than a magistrate ) . 
  i agree that my opinion may not matter in terms of whether the law is valid or not , i 'm just saying that i think it 's pretty pathetic and a waste of everyone 's time to prosecute this , even if i hate this woman and it makes me feel slightly warm inside to see her getting some guff . 
  juries make those decisions bruh , and you could be on one . 
  it 'd be up to you . 
  however , the law in the uk is probably pretty strict on this as there is n't the same level of protection as in the us . 
  i do think that this was a pretty abstract statement and not a serious invitation or incitement to violence . 
  if she said `` kill that white man ** there ** '' and pointed to someone , yes , that 's incitement . 
  or if she named a specific person and asked for his murder , yes , incitement . 
  but a general statement like that is not , in my opinion , a real threat . 
   it 's been frankly saddening to see this process of small-minded selfishness unfold . 
  is n't that what you can say about pretty much every internal eu debate ? 
  afghanistan is a country in central asia , not the middle east . 
  also , the region has not been in conflict for nearly a millennium , it was a stable part of the ottoman empire for centuries . 
  the violence that plagues the region is something that only emerged in the past century or so . 
  i for one will trust frontex , the eu 's official border agency , over an unsourced quote offered to me in a reddit comment . 
  the numbers are there , i find it rather strange that you can not see them . 
  you have begun to create an argument that can not be disproven because you 're changing the goalposts . 
  i 've shown you why your 80 % number is a fairytale , and now you say `` well there are thousands lying about their nationality . '', 
  there will be a problem with some economic migrants from elsewhere claiming to be syrian , but the problem is n't large enough to skew the numbers so heavily . 
  do you think that it 's impossible that the majority of these people are telling the truth about their nationality ? 
  i fail to see how . 
  again , the whole `` merkel bears responsibility '' argument is very tenuous too , i do n't really understand why merkel 's announcement of an open door was any more effective a draw than sweden 's open door policy which was introduced on or before october 2013 . 
  perhaps you could say that the media amplified merkel 's message more than they did the swedish one , but i think the conflict in syria getting worse is a much more compelling explanation ( maybe a combination of the two ? 
  yes , and we 're discussing the problems of today . 
  not the problems of tomorrow . 
   you should also talk about the central mediterrean ( sic ) route of immigration . 
  yeah , there are 128,000 or so that have crossed via that route and syrians are not the largest single group or in the top three ( on that route ) . 
  the 80 % number was complete nonsense . 
   according to the statistics i 've seen more than 80 % of the migrants who currently come , have nothing to do with syria whatsoever . 
  zero , nothing . 
  [ hover over the orange arrow on this page \\ ( the `` eastern mediterranean route '' \\ ) . 
  ] ( http://frontex.europa.eu/trends-and-routes/migratory-routes-map/ ) from jan-aug 2015 frontex says there have been 228,967 illegal border crossings on the eastern mediterranean route . 
  of those 228,967 crossings , 150,831 were made by syrians . 
  so 65 % of those crossings have been made by syrians . 
  yes , when you look at all of the routes there are more people from other nationalities . 
  but the major problem right now is the eastern mediterranean border and the majority of those people are syrian . 
  if merkel 's announcement of an open door policy is responsible for the recent migrant influx why is n't the same true of sweden , which announced their open door policy in [ october 2013 ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24635791 ), 
  convenience , we may not have the same access to the single market as before and so it may become more expensive . 
  at least some of it will move , maybe not all of it , but some of it . 
  i 'd imagine a lot of the euro-denominated trading would shift to the eu . 
  they make a decent argument , especially when they talk about long term growth being from the developing world . 
  honestly , i lean towards a yes but the eu needs massive reforms , i do n't think the uk would do terribly outside of the eu ( or at least , i no longer do ) . 
  there 's no guarantee that norway , switzerland , and turkey would even want to play ball . 
  honestly , i detect a certain arrogance on the part of british people where we seem to think that these countries will follow our lead simply because it 's jolly old britain and we know best . 
  norway is unlikely to want to rock the boat , they 're pretty satisfied with the deal they have at the moment . 
  they wont join the eu because of farming and fisheries , but have access to the single market . 
  turkey ( assuming erdogan does n't really fuck things up ) is going to be a major economic power in the coming decades so maybe levering turkey might help , but considering the position of other eu states re : turkey i do n't see how playing the turkey card provides any real pressure . 
  basically , the situation you describe re : the eu and 28 competing national interests also applies to norway , the uk , switzerland , and turkey . 
  i do n't think the eu would be massively impacted by the loss of the uk . 
  france and germany are still major powers in and of themselves and a lot of the financial services from london that eurozone members rely on would just move to paris or frankfurt . 
  there 's a willful ignorance of this rather basic argument about the requirements of being part of the single market and costs . 
  the euroskeptics believe that the benefits that will come from leaving will outweigh the costs of remaining within the efta . 
  they could be right , but it is a major contradiction within their argument . 
  i suspect that many believe that the uk could negotiate more favorable terms than switzerland and norway , but that is just ridiculous . 
  austria and prussia always had a rivalry , they were both competing for the position as `` the '' leading german state . 
  honestly , if you 're trying to destroy english gastronomy you can go right ahead . 
  nobody gon na try and stop a nigga from doing anybody a favour like that . 
  vw 's reluctance was because of the increased cost of installing a urea system and also is because they think that people are n't likely to refill the urea tank . 
  there are a bunch of us ( and other european automakers ) who sell diesel cars with urea systems in the us . 
  vw were the exception , they said they had managed to bring emissions under the limit via software . 
  says more about us than it does about her . 
   what gives the intervening power the ` moral ' legitimacy on the international stage ? 
  not to answer your question with another question , but it 's debatable as to whether `` moral '' considerations are even given much serious thought on the world stage . 
  moral considerations are respected somewhat , but it really varies from country to country , as it 's so dependent upon culture and the level of human development . 
  either way , taking moral considerations into account in international relations is a relatively new phenomenon ( last few centuries , even then they 're not always taken into account as they 're so subjective ) .
