  may need the power of / r/trees to help me work through the vicissitudes of this one ... 
  there is no way that we ca n't leave outside of a 2nd referendum which is n't an option . 
  it would also lead to endless bitterness . 
   as a federal state of an eu member if only it were that simple . 
  scotland is technically a constituent country of the united kingdom , also a country . 
  the official status of the constituent countries vis a vis the other constituent countries and uk itself has never really been clearly defined in law . 
  devolution has made things more distinct though . 
   scotland does even more of it 's business with ruk so it 's certain there would be an arrangement to keep the border open . 
  anything else would be financial suicide . 
  not exactly . 
  heres how scotland will eat ruk 's lunch if it were to go independent and join the eu : day 1 post scottish independence ... nicola : hey goldman , jp morgan , and all of you lot ? 
  financial wizards : what do you want we 're a bit busy gambl ... i mean we 're busy with complex corn futures derivatives trading . 
  nicola : you know how you were located in london because you wanted a business friendly , low-tax , low-regulation market in an english speaking country with access to the eu ? 
  ... hello there . 
  see : ireland , as we speak , also . 
  what happens when you ca n't scratch the coin together to do that ? 
  i ca n't go for the white lightning - we may have made a mistake but let me keep my self respect before we go that low . 
   we are n't going to play the silly poll game . 
  not like that we 're not . 
  wow . 
  sorry dude but with all due respect you do n't seem to get how polling works at all . 
  you do n't get to fill in the blank just because something is missing in the middle . 
  if we go by the results 27 % of young voters went for leave . 
  not 30-33 % , and we do n't need to add anything extra to account for bad polling as these results are based on the votes cast on the day itself ( as far as i 'm aware ) . 
   so yes , i agree that the demographic was skewed in one direction , but we can not conclude from this that remain was the right choice for young people . 
  i never said that ( and would n't , that would be ridiculous ) . 
  of course a majority of turkeys could vote for christmas - does n't mean that ending up on the dinner table in a few days time is the best choice for all turkeys . 
   are they somehow less aware than their peers of what is best for their interests ? 
  i do n't think anyone was properly informed by any of the campaigners or the british media but then again , when have we ever been properly informed about the eu ? 
   at this juncture , no one knows which side was more correct . 
  that 's true . 
  but i have every right to express my opinion that this was the wrong decision just as you presumably have every right to express the opposite . 
  more than just economic growth died on thursday and people do feel that . 
  it feels a little like being lost , to be honest . 
  i agree . 
  but even then , i think that if remain had won it would still have been very ugly . 
  best to leave that one unanswered, 
  dude when you have 73 % of a demographic voting one way it 's a pretty convincing majority . 
  sure , there 's a reasonably sized majority but that 's a pretty big majority in raw political terms . 
  but really looking at it like that is very close to the blame game and really that 's just dumb . 
  people have voted , they voted in a way i wished they had n't , but what we need to do as brits is come together to heal the divisions that this referendum has so clearly left riven in our society and then work for the best option going forward in the new world just ahead of us . 
  [ eu referendum : how the results compare to the uk 's educated , old and immigrant populations ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/24/eu-referendum-how-the-results-compare-to-the-uks-educated-old-an/ ) and [ this here too ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/staggers/2016/06/how-did-different-demographic-groups-vote-eu-referendum ), 
  father and son, 
  we have stats that break it down by age group . 
  75 % of 18-24 year olds went for remain , ~ 55 % or so of 24-40 year olds too . 
   i have seen only one or two ` features ' that even attempt to explain how we will be better off have you considered the possibility that we probably wont be ? 
  we had a lot of wives, 
  why bother ? 
  it 's irrelevant and being brought up by you to suggest an equivalency that does n't exist . 
  nice try though . 
  yeah , it does look really , really nice . 
  it 's kinda sad though that it 's just been thrown to the wilderness . 
  my dad is in the merchant navy and was once there , he said that it 's a beautiful place but it 's just got a really strange vibe going on . 
  i 'll edit that in to the above comment . 
  it 's still a pretty high percentage though !, 
  this has always been the case . 
  the north of italy has always been the more industrialized region , while the south has always been a more agrarian and impoverished region - the mass migration of italians to the united states illustrates this perfectly ; ~ ~ almost every italian ~ ~ ** 80 % of the italians ** that moved to the states were from the south . 
  entire villages in the south moved together . 
  ( thanks to yourslice for the correct percentage ), 
  they did some semi-okay things at first when the tories were in power , like the public works programs so at least some people had income to buy food , but then the liberals were elected and they basically said `` the market will fix it . '', 
  they then ended the public spending programs and allowed most of the food to be exported from the country while simultaneously barring cheaper products from being imported from elsewhere . 
  it was a completely and utterly despicable thing to do . 
  meh , the only american brands i see that you are ( we ? ), 
  picking up are the ones present across the globe . 
  britain has the big fast food chains like mcdonalds or kfc , pepsi , coke ( and all the related products ) , and maybe clothes from the gap or something , but they 're pretty ubiquitous everywhere these days , their presence is not something endemic to britain . 
  as far as ideas go , i do n't see what you mean . 
  politically speaking , britain is much more socially progressive than the us and has a much different political system and climate . 
  other things like liberty are just as much a british ideal as they are french , american , or even western . 
  even television in the uk is n't as americanized as you would think - the television in the uk still has a lot of things worth watching ( mostly bbc stuff ) , while almost 99 % of the stuff on american tv is pure garbage . 
  yes , but fashion is a part of culture . 
  i 'm just trying to express in a more understandable way that while there may be perceived americanization occurring in the uk , it is n't quite as widespread as one would think . 
  the uk is honestly much more progressive than the us is . 
  haha bravo !, 
  i think you have to consider language as a major factor in all of this . 
  as both the uk and the us are english-speaking countries there is a lot of cultural crossover because things like film , television , and music are much more accessible which means we 're going to be more obviously and easily influenced by them . 
  american brands and foods are everywhere in the world , you can get a big mac in germany as well as timbuktu . 
  and i 'd say a lot of what you perceive is pretty subjective . 
  you may think the uk is becoming more americanized , but i 'm british and live in the states and the two cultures are very different in significant ways . 
  even brands and products are - take for instance clothes , since you mentioned them . 
  the clothes on sale in a regular high street shop in the uk are ( according to my sister and mum ) much more fashionable than what 's on sale in the us . 
  how those reserves are acquired is very important , while i agree with you that once they are there a democratic government should invest those resources responsibly , it would be foolish for you to assume that reserves that were primarily acquired through violence and misery ( especially in portugal 's colonies ) could be acquired just as easily or more easily through fairer means . 
  it 's probably easier to steal than to create . 
  even if this was the case it still does n't mean anything - last time i checked the economies of those countries were still either anemic or declining , and if this black economy is already in place the money those people are receiving is being spent and having effect , just not enough to improve growth . 
  just so you do n't feel too bad about this , i am british but i live in the us . 
  the situation right now is a big game of pass-the-economic-grenade and it will explode , and u.s. banks , u.k. banks , german banks , french banks , and everyone else have massive exposure to bad european debt because they fed into the bubble . 
  because u.s. 
  unions no longer exist ( private sector ) and us companies preferred to ship those jobs overseas anyway because even stagnant wages were too high an expense for those poor profitable u.s. companies . 
  germany 's economy is based on compromise because everyone knows that no one is successful unless everyone is successful . 
  you know , like the us economy used to be before the 80s . 
  sozial marketswirschaft ( excuse my spelling ) roughly translates to `` social market economy '' which is basically the state , business , and labor negotiating with each other and realizing that they all have to make sacrifices and contributions if they want to be successful . 
  you already know this but now you know a translation , 
  im in spain right now , and i can promise you that spain is not a `` seething cauldron of domestic unrest '' but rather a nation that is remarkably calm considering the circumstances . 
  but that does n't really address the greek problem . 
  simply turning one 's back and letting things play out on their own leaves the greek people to deal with major pain and it could also lead to extremism taking hold ; possibly even dictatorship . 
  she was born in hamburg . 
  and also :  `` gerd langguth , a former senior member of merkel 's christian democratic union , states in his book [ 11 ] that the family 's ability to travel freely from east to west germany during the following years , as well as their possession of two automobiles , leads to the conclusion that merkel 's father had a `` sympathetic '' relationship with the communist regime , since such freedom and perquisites for a christian pastor and his family would have been otherwise impossible in east germany . '', 
  not saying it was like the vatican , but it was the most free of the bloc in that regard . 
  religion may have been frowned upon but i was under the impression that the gdr was the most religiously `` free '' of all the old communist states . 
  they allowed churches to preach relatively freely and the religious freedom in the gdr is precisely why merkel and her family grew up there . 
  neutral opinions are completely required , but as someone who speaks german said earlier , the original article contains statements from people who say that the mother may be pressuring the child into this .
