  if it was n't for the uk rebate the uk would be paying more towards the eu than any other nation , and that was without the ftt . 
  i 'm pro eu membership for britain , but i do n't really see how the uk benefits from membership as much as places like france and germany do . 
  part of this is because of british reluctance but it is not exclusively because of this . 
  oh , and wishing for a collapse of the british economy is not going to be a nice thing for anyone involved , and it would almost certainly lead to another global economic downturn considering britain 's position as a financial hub for both the us and europe . 
  no , because if it is a tax at the eu level the money would go into the eu treasury and not the uk treasury . 
  i 'd wager that it would actually make the uk the largest contributor to the eu budget . 
  the problem with this is that it may have worked to offset this behaviour back in the day when we had financial markets centered in the west without any real competition overseas , but it wont work now . 
  we have a much more globalized economy and so if we implemented the tax in europe there is nothing stopping those traders from shifting to new york or hong kong , where there is far less regulation . 
  they still have access to european markets in those trading centers and so we get all of the risk associated with risky speculation and none of the economic benefit from having the money spent in europe . 
  it 's fair that britain stays out of this one , as if they implemented this it would mean that britain pays by far and away the majority of the tax owing to it 's financial services sector . 
   this conversation is not leading anywhere . 
  he got him though . 
  that logic . 
  the world where your enemy is guarding a nuclear weapons stockpile kept behind an unlocked and rotten wooden door and you know that if he dies ( because you are n't arming him ) a bunch of wild jihadists will kick that door down and press a lot of buttons . 
  our world , bro . 
  i mean you really have very little understanding of the history of latin america if you think they have no history of totalitarian regimes or idealistic movements going wrong . 
  you also have a very short frame of reference if you think the only problem in the middle east is totalitarianism and idealism . 
  you 're also ignoring the fact that the west props up the totalitarian regimes in the middle east . 
  i have literally no problem with immigration to the us from latin america but i also have no issue with europe taking on these refugees . 
  i 'm not scared of a bunch of desperate people coming here so they can actually enjoy a decent life . 
   what accounts for all of the hate even before 2001 ? 
  a history of meddling in pakistani and middle eastern affairs , for better or worse . 
  remember , al qaeda tried to blow up the world trade center in the early 90s , too . 
  they 've been mad for a while . 
  yes , and in many states ( such as my own , florida ) you are n't eligible for medicaid unless you are literally on the bones of your arse and have no money whatsoever . 
  so you could be in a situation where you can not afford a subsidized obamacare premium and still be ineligible for medicaid . 
  many states expanded medicaid eligibility to 130 % of the federal poverty level but many refused to do so . 
  what 's funny is when i learned that my state has an alternative , you can apply for a program called `` medicaid share of cost '' if you do n't qualify for medicaid but are still uninsured and have a low income . 
  this program is designed in a way that incentivizes people to seek out the most expensive healthcare services and seems like it 's a real waste of time and resources as the state could just make these people eligible for medicaid . 
  while i commend you for making what should be a rather obvious point i would say that you ca n't just dismiss the impact of sykes-picot out of hand . 
  there 's a ton of research out there that suggests states which are n't ethnically homogenous are much more prone to violence without something that can unify the separate groups into a single nation . 
  it 's not like we have to look particularly hard to find a good example of this . 
  just look at the balkans . 
  after tito died the whole place went to shit . 
   just look at pakistan , that place hates our guts yeah , that 's because there were a few years where the average pakistani wondered whether or not he or she was going to see the morning again after they shut their eyes or whether a drone would deliver them a present in the middle of the night . 
  [ also , 42 % of indians view the us as having a positive influence on the world , compared with 18 % of pakistanis . 
  ] ( http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/mediacentre/country-rating-poll.pdf ), 
  [ citation needed ], 
   http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/illegal-immigrants-could-receive-social-security-medicare-under-obama-action/2014/11/25/571caefe-74d4-11e4-bd1b-03009bd3e984_story.html if you read the story you linked you would see one thing : these migrants get benefits after they have paid fica and social security contributions . 
  it 's not like they 're stealing , they 've already paid into the system . 
  they would n't get food stamps or any other welfare . 
  the system is still a market based system and a lot of people still fall through the cracks and do n't get any healthcare . 
  you still pay a health insurance premium to a private insurance company every month , you still have out of pocket costs , you still have many millions of people uninsured , etc. 
  yeah , we could really be exploiting them so much harder than we are already !, 
  all that drug-fueled violence as those cartels fight for supply routes and access to the lucrative us nose candy market . 
  so many innocent people being murdered and maimed . 
  but it 's got nothing to do with the us at all . 
  dark skinned people just fuck up like that for no reason . 
  / s also bro you realize that miami has always been crazy right ? 
  it 's always had a large latino population , it 's been called `` the capital of latin america '' for years . 
  i 'm not sure how this is absurd at all . 
  if poland wants to accept ethnic polish refugees from ukraine there is absolutely no one stopping them from doing that but themselves . 
  honestly , the only thing that is absurd here is that you think you 've made a decent argument . 
  so you 're unwilling to actually engage with the substance of what i 'm arguing and you 're just going to assert that this is all a case of incentives ? 
  surely the desire not to be killed in a barrel bomb attack or have your tongue cut out by daesh is incentive enough to get the hell out of dodge ... 
   if australia did it , we can do it too . 
  here 's the thing : australia 's policy has n't meant an end to boat people . 
  the boats are still coming , they just never reach mainland australia ( or one of the islands ) as they get turned back . 
  so the actual problem has n't really been solved ( the refugees/migrants ) , they just are n't counted as boat people as they 're turned away . 
  whether australia 's policy is even legal is a legitimate question . 
  it 's also very important to mention that the number of boat arrivals in australia is very small compared to the scale of the crisis in europe . 
  europe would have many more boats to turn away and would need many more camps than australia does to deal with the numbers we 're seeing . 
  ~ 20,000 refugees/migrants arrived on the boats in 2013 ( the last year before the pacific solution was implemented ) , compared to the hundreds of thousands that europe is now witnessing . 
  i 'd quibble with you on how safe these people are in camps in the middle east , but i do n't see a single country in north africa that is safe enough to take these migrants . 
  maybe morocco , but i doubt they 'd want to deal with the hassle . 
  also , i do have one question that keeps occurring to me regarding the debate over whether these people were asylum seekers or economic migrants : if these people are n't real asylum seekers , why now ? 
  why do we see this flood of people out of the middle east right now instead of during the 2000s ? 
  western economies were booming , there were plenty of jobs , etc. 
  they did n't come in such large numbers back then , but they are coming now in the wake of all this conflict . 
  if they were really just economic migrants surely we 'd have seen numbers like this before , no ? 
  there really is n't an easy way to deter them . 
  we fundamentally disagree about the reasons these people are coming ( they 're fleeing war , not looking for a welfare check ) so i do n't see much room for common ground here . 
  sustained is very different to `` caused . '', 
  by that logic russia and iran are also responsible for giving weapons to assad . 
  the reason they 're leaving turkey is because their legal status ( with regards to immigration ) is highly questionable and they ca n't work or rent a place to live because of turkish laws . 
  they 'd stay in turkey if they could actually live in turkey . 
  see , i do n't understand how you can be so confident about the motivations of other people and the course of action they will take . 
  it 's too simplistic . 
  the flood of migrants into europe is n't just a light switch that can be flipped on and off , these are real people who are making the journey to europe for a million different reasons , and i really doubt that there 's an easy way to deter them . 
  how was the syrian crisis caused by the united states and how is it beneficial for them ( or anybody ) ? 
  also this is pure pr , western money has helped fund the construction of many more safe camps than this . 
  yeah , i get what you 're saying now , i agree . 
  it 's similar to what us supreme court justice louis brandeis said when he said that the states in the us are `` laboratories of democracy , '' trying new things to see what policy or structure works best . 
   haha , how does a brit know such things ? 
  i live in the states and my friends are into rap music . 
  honestly i agree with you on sketchiness . 
  inner cities are pretty scary places , except in japan or something . 
  wash your mouth out and stop besmirching the atl my son !, 
  next time just take her to the south side of the city and she 'll probably never want to come visit again . 
  from the tone of your response , i think we may be in agreement . 
  could you define what you mean by `` competition '' and what you think that this competition will achieve ? 
  right now i think we may have two different ideas about what you mean by competition so it 's important to be sure we 're on the same page . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  i just ca n't see us ever getting over our idea of ourselves as separate from the rest of europe . 
  i feel that we 'd try and keep the gap because of petty national identity . 
   because according to my friends in uk it is hard for a single person to afford to buy a flat in london in a `` normal '' neighbourhood if you live normally even if you are earning 2k pounds netto . 
  ( i may be wrong here on exact numbers had that conversation a while ago ) this is very true . 
  london ( and the south east in general ) has a completely ridiculous housing market . 
  other parts of the uk are much cheaper though . 
  i doubt the uk will ever be a part of an eu with common foreign and defense policies , no matter the merits .
