  something needs to be done , these migrants are going to keep coming , and germany can not be alone in taking on the burden . 
  germany rarely flexes it 's diplomatic and international muscles on the world stage , and it 's good to see them doing so for a worthy cause . 
  plus , remember : even if the adults that are coming over have trouble ( i think the vast majority will end up integrating well enough ) , their children will become germans . 
  they will attend german schools , they will speak german , they will work in germany . 
   it 's not like germany tried to hide anything in war . 
  they did try to hide everything . 
  they produced propaganda movies showing that the jews were being treated humanely , they were very careful to only refer to their ongoing extermination of people euphemistically , and himmler himself stated ( about the holocaust ) :  this is a glorious entry in our history which has never been written , and can never be written . 
  well , it being razed to the ground would n't mean they no longer hold the title to the land . 
  though it gets dicey as presumably the state held all of the property during the communist era . 
   saw dust  insulation lets hope there are no fires, 
  because many on the right in europe and some mainstream politicians believe that they are primarily economic migrants and not asylum seekers . 
  the plight of the syrian refugees is not really focused on all that much ( at least in the uk ) as it undermines the `` boat people are all coming for your job '' narrative . 
  the ongoing chinese economic slowdown has been in the news for at least a month now if not more , and there has been plenty of talk about problems in emerging markets for some time now . 
  due diligence bro . 
  that requires a face to face meeting though , no ? 
  they 'd need a search warrant these days unless it was under extraordinary circumstances . 
   this is a deliberate attack on europe by the us and israel . 
  why hong kong ? 
  there are probably far more espresso places ( competition brings prices down ) and most of them do n't give any receipts ( no tax to pay lowers the cost of doing business ) . 
  he 's got his daughter to do that, 
  not really . 
  they had already acknowledged that they did n't recognize the treaty and a lot of other countries would have been on china 's side . 
  the uk would have looked pretty bad too considering how tenuous our claim to the territory is and the origins of our claim . 
  also : protip , the patten plan was an outlier . 
  the british never wanted real democracy in the city , the prc does n't , and the chinese elite ( tycoons and other multi billionaires ) have no interest in real democracy in the city either ; it does n't serve their purposes . 
  comparing the pla ( which is pretty well equipped and was well equipped even then ) with the argentinian armed forces is quite the stretch . 
  well if you 're bringing sexual deviancy to the table i 'm pretty sure i 'm gon na like you guys a lot more, 
  do you really think that we could have resisted chinese demands ? 
  first lets look at the situation purely in terms of power : hong kong is an island and a peninsula thousands and thousands of miles away from the uk . 
  millions of soldiers were stationed over the border and could have steamrolled any british garrison in hong kong within days . 
  now lets look at it in terms of cost/benefit analysis : britain could have tried to hold on to hong kong , which was at the time an even more important part of the global economy . 
  uncertainty would have really harmed the hong kong economy and the lives of the people within the city . 
  if it came to conflict , thousands would probably die because of how dense the city is , and we would surely lose . 
  china was becoming a very important future market and fighting them on hong kong would mean britain loses out on the opportunities represented by china 's reform and opening up policy . 
  now lets look at things in the court of worldwide public opinion : the only reason we had hong kong was because we went to war with china for the crime of telling us to stop selling opium to their people . 
  98 % of the city 's population was ethnically chinese , and the lease on the `` new territories '' ( where pretty much all of the city 's important infrastructure is and where most of its population lives ) was set to expire in 1997 anyway ( it only lasted 99 years ) . 
   now because of us the people of hong kong live in a false democracy where their opinions are not respected . 
  there was essentially zero democracy in hong kong for pretty much the entire time we ran the place , save for a few years in the early/mid 1990s when chris patten was governor . 
  we screwed up big time . 
  we actually had a royal navy guy or someone who worked in british defense go out to singapore years before the invasion ( exact name and position of the guy escapes me at the moment ) who looked at singapore and the surrounding area and concluded that the japanese probably would n't attack singapore head on ( where we had spent millions erecting costal defenses ) , but would land further north in malaya and attack through the back door . 
  his prediction proved right and singapore was lost . 
   goes to show that you guys are just a german ripoff without an own identity anyways . 
  [ imma stick around for a while if you do n't mind ] ( http://imgur.com/vercpil ), 
  sweden is n't a pull for migrants to europe , no `` permissive '' refugee program is . 
  the reason why so many refugees/asylum seekers/economic migrants are coming to europe is because the world is totally screwed and they see europe offering them their only shot at safety and a good life . 
  you can argue whether we should let them in or not but policy is unlikely to make much of a difference , they will keep coming as long as there is violence and poverty in the world . 
  also , how would the permissiveness of sweden vis-a-vis syrian refugees have any effect on the amount of refugees attempting to get into the uk ? 
  if they wanted to get to sweden they 're certainly going about it in an odd way . 
  you can be against the eu without descending into ridiculous hyperbole . 
  the idea that the eu is seeking some kind of `` cosmopolitan communist '' utopia is just inane . 
  the eu was founded upon free market ideas and is a fundamentally free market-orientated organization . 
  we have tons of special exemptions from the eu and are the only country who gets a massive rebate on our contributions from the eu every year . 
  we are n't required to join the euro , we are n't a signatory to the social chapter , we are n't required to limit working hours , etc. 
  no , i attempted to explain why what you said can not be determined from the data . 
  the only way you could determine whether all ethnic `` english '' adults are against further migration would be to poll a representative sample of them and ask them whether or not they want to have further migration to the united kingdom . 
  a better question would probably be `` should we end all further immigration to the united kingdom : yes/no '' as it would definitively settle the issue ( hint : we 'd probably say no ) . 
  because we 're just fabulous bruh treat 'em mean , keep 'em keen, 
  not as simple as it may seem but it 's one way to tackle the issue . 
  the problem is , france probably does n't want the british army to be deployed on their soil . 
  part of the eurotunnel site is actually considered to be part of the uk for customs and immigration purposes but i do n't think that means we could deploy the army there . 
  even if we could , having such a strict system would probably cause massive traffic problems on the road system around the tunnel in calais ( a diplomatic nightmare and probably a worse one than the delays in kent , as the delays would be caused by another country 's army ) , and the british border area around the tunnel is n't big enough to allow searches of every vehicle . 
  it would probably really slow the eurostar service down too , and they 'd probably have to reduce the number of services that use the tunnel every day . 
  one thing is for sure though , something needs to be done . 
  no historian or political scientist considers nazism to be left wing , national socialism is considered to be on the far right of politics . 
  the left wing of the party was thoroughly crushed and removed from power during the night of the long knives and the most influential ( economically ) left wing figures in the nsdap were either killed or fled germany . 
  also anti-capitalist is not synonymous with `` communist '' or `` left wing . '', 
  fascism was a right wing rejection of capitalism and national socialism is built on the same ideas ( and cranked the extremism up to 11 billion ) . 
  do you care to explain further ? 
  what is their plan on immigration ? 
  the only details i 've read are comical . 
  no , this poll ( if it 's worth a damn ) would be a representative sample of the population . 
  also , they probably asked immigrants and ethnic minority residents/citizens of the uk in the course of this poll , some of whom are probably against immigration . 
  that being said , they agreed with the statement `` the uk has little room for more immigration , '' they did n't say `` the uk should ban immigration outright . '', 
  but next time use imgur, 
  i hear the grass is very green this time of year . 
  and all year now . 
   in europe you 're either going to have to implement protectionism , establish government subsidies so steep that they 'll probably violate trade agreements ( not to mention angering all non farmers ) we already have both of these . 
  the eu is a protectionist bloc when it comes to agriculture and we already spend close to 40 % of the entire eu budget on agriculture ( 30 % of that on straight subsidies ) . 
  agriculture in the us is much the same though , trade policy with regard to agriculture is highly protectionist and is heavily subsidized . 
  i would quarrel with your claim that people are getting tired of mass-produced food , there are still plenty of people who want cheap food and do n't much care for its quality as long as it 's edible . 
  for many in the us cheap crap is all they can afford . 
   they would 've been even higher if russia were participating . 
  probably not , the russian economy was struggling before all the sanctions kicked off and is hurting even more now . 
  we would probably have sold more as a function of keeping one of our largest markets open but it would n't have been a growth market . 
  with all due respect , that 's a different area of law . 
  it 's not an antitrust violation , it 's a patent dispute . 
  you could argue that it 's harmful to competition and few would really dispute that but none of that is relevant to the concept of protectionism at all . 
  a patent lawsuit that was going to be tied up in appeals for years is n't the same sort of thing as a government filing an antitrust case against google . 
  just the act would be unprecedented and it would probably have huge consequences , not just in europe but worldwide . 
  i think you may be right about the corruption being more pervasive then , but honestly from what i understand about russia corruption is still pretty much everywhere . 
  it being less easy to bribe people is an important point , but what 's also amusing is the fact that the black market was so prevalent even in a hardline socialist society . 
  you ca n't suppress markets anywhere . 
   edit : please do excuse my excessive amount of commas ( a habit from my mother-tongue ) or unclear lingual expressions in general , i have yet to master english language . 
  also , i am constantly editing this message if i find any grammar mistakes ( i often discover them after having posted the message and proofreading on multiple occasions ) you were completely fine and your mastery of english is impressive . 
  your english is certainly better than my russian . 
   except for the quotes , one coming from a national politician with no sway on the case and the other a media mogul with an obvious bias , there is n't really anything close to concrete pointing to protectionism . 
  those quotes demonstrate a protectionist impulse to this , in black and white . 
  does it get annoying to keep your hands over your ears like that ? 
  the vast majority of people probably had easier lives in the ussr days . 
  sure , they were n't living the high life , but things were simple : they had a job for life , they had a home provided for them , the lights would stay on , they would have easy access to healthcare , etc.
