   she said that no one can deny that crimea is russian , which is true no it is n't . 
  according to international law crimea should be a part of ukraine . 
  the referendum was invalid , held under a military occupation , and most of the non ethnic russian population of the peninsula sat the election out . 
  if you think that referendum was legitimate i have some greek government bonds to sell you . 
  which foreign powers were pushing for the dissolution of yugoslavia ? 
  honestly , the whole war pretty much caught continental europe , the uk , and the us off guard . 
  we were all busy celebrating the end of the cold war , thinking we 'd entered `` the end of history , '' and then it all went to shit . 
  the us then felt it was best to let europe try and deal with the mess , which did nothing but provide time for the conflict to heat up . 
  then we all paid attention , but it still took a while before we bothered to get involved in a meaningful way . 
  i may be wrong on the this , but that 's my understanding of the situation . 
  maybe you could say that the end of western ( and eastern ) financial support after the cold war ended was a major cause , but is it really fair to blame the west for poor economic management ? 
  though i 'll concede that the reforms pushed on you by the us likely fucked things up even more ( just as it did in russia ) . 
  it 's worth mentioning that the euro will fall even further in value relative to the us dollar as the european economy continues to deflate and the ecb 's qe program begins to take effect , thereby making one of the problems described here worse . 
  if the current trends continue , the future of the eurozone and the legitimacy of the european union will be at stake . 
  money will flow into germany from elsewhere in europe , without the same being reciprocated . 
  eventually there will be a breaking point if this continues , because the euro will come to be seen ( for better or worse ) as an instrument of german domination over europe . 
  neither germany or europe deserves that fate . 
  calling the bnp and britain first left wing is n't true to left wing values . 
  nothing about their platform represents contemporary left wing politics in britain . 
  they have a fascist bent , which if anything , is a mixture of both . 
  the emphasis on race and nationalism drives them further to the right . 
  ukip have been a right wing party for the vast majority of their existence , it 's only now that they 're moderating their position to be more populist . 
  but then farage makes his aids comment and you realize the ugliness is still there . 
  to claim that labour were following tory policies when they increased immigration is also highly suspect , since immigration was vastly lower than it currently is before new labour came to power . 
  old labour 's opposition to the eu was not the same as ukip 's ( or the tories ' ) opposition to the eu . 
  the reason why tony benn , et al , were against eu membership is because the eu is fundamentally based on capitalist economic principles ( and mandates this in many cases ) , when they were in favor of more state intervention in the economy . 
  the opposition that the tory base has to the eu is about national sovereignty and the idea that britain is somehow different from or above `` europe . '', 
  a key difference . 
  big government is n't an exclusively left wing idea . 
  you can have big government from right wing parties , it 's just usually applied to different ends . 
  not to mention that the bnp and britain first are textbook reactionaries , and reactionary politics is traditionally seen as a conservative ( read : right wing ) political phenomenon . 
   the free movement of labour is quite consistent with centre right liberal economic thought . 
  i agree with this , but this is not an argument that the conservatives make , and it would n't resonate with their base . 
  if ukip were truly a libertarian party , they would also understand this point . 
  as far as your hypothesis about ukip coming full circle goes , i think the answer is more simple . 
  they are n't moving `` to the left '' full stop to begin with ( they 're just adopting a few popular `` left wing '' ideas ) . 
  ukip are being nakedly opportunistic by appealing to the disillusioned c2 ( and below ) groups with simple ideas that appeal to them ( that are ultimately poorly thought out ) . 
  the trouble with ukip is that their most visible policies are their ideas on the eu and on immigration . 
  the average voter who has n't voted for years either do n't know or do n't care about their other policies , all they care about is immigration and the eu ( because farage has convinced them that it 's the root of all our ills ) . 
  i know how these people think , they 're from the same background as me . 
  they do n't much care for the specifics , if you have a conversation with them they will tell you a few things : 1 . 
  they rarely have any issue with immigration as long as it 's a net benefit to the uk as a whole . 
  there 's a perception that immigrants are given benefits from the state that they are n't entitled to , or that they get to skip waiting lists for council housing . 
  they do n't vote , or if they do vote , they 've voted labour because it 's all they 've ever done ( but they will readily tell you how full of shit they think all politicians are ) . 
  there are strains on public services that need to be dealt with , and there is a real lack of job opportunities in the towns they live in . 
  ukip comes along and gives a simple answer to these issues . 
  we have a problem with immigration because it 's threatening * your * job and that can be fixed by leaving the eu . 
  we 're spending too much money on immigrants , etc. 
  the truth is far more complex , but for most of these people , the only shades of grey they 're interested in begin with the number fifty . 
  edit : you ca n't really claim that ukip is somehow left wing because of a guy that left almost 20 years ago . 
  come on . 
  also , delors was another opportunist . 
  i 'm pro-eu , but he wanted to flip the bird at mrs. thatcher by giving support to the tuc ( it was really quite shady ) , and also wanted to bring the left onto the side of the eu by basically making the argument that the eu could be the means by which the tide of thatcherism could be rolled back . 
  it was a shameless power play on his part . 
  it was more a reply to what the author implies in the piece , that solzhenitsyn was some kind of russian expansionist . 
  he basically came to the west after living through the gulag and saw how vapid our popular culture is . 
  he really had a point . 
  i do n't think it is as bad as he said , but he did describe something empty in western culture . 
  hey man , we left our mark on the world . 
  and how about our cartography skills ? 
  bloody brilliant !, 
  oil prices are likely to go down even further because of the iran deal that just got signed . 
  ukip are n't historically left at all . 
  they 're an old school conservative political party that claim ( ed ) to have a libertarian bent ( their policies never really talked the talk ) . 
  farage has positioned them as a populist party this time round and the lines are blurred as a result . 
   hard left nationalist groups like the bnp and britain first why ca n't you be honest ? 
  solzhenitsyn never spoke about the west 's morals being `` corrupting , '' he said that the west is materially rich but spiritually empty . 
  the man spoke highly of western political liberty and democracy , even when he returned to russia in the 90s . 
  he was expressly against more russian expansionism . 
  a minor point , but important to note . 
  whether they 'd get used is irrelevant . 
  this is n't a vacuum , international relations is like newton 's third law : every action has an equal ( or sometimes stronger ) reaction . 
  introducing ( more * ) nuclear weapons to the middle east is not a good idea . 
  if iran makes a bomb , the saudis have already said they 'll follow suit ( they made it very clear that they have nukes on reserve in pakistan ) , and if you think the current power games going on in the region look bad , just wait until we add nukes to that equation . 
  iran is also a signatory to the non-proliferation treaty , so they 're breaking their treaty obligations by pursuing nuclear weapons in the first place . 
  the fact that pretty much every major world power opposes iran getting the bomb in one form or another should tell you something about how delicate the situation is . 
  * israel has had nukes for decades , of course . 
  of all the countries that do n't need nuclear weapons , japan is probably at the top of that list . 
  yes , we have a somewhat resurgent china on our hands , but it would be wise to remember that the chinese are rational actors ( the same can not be said of putin at this point ) . 
  the chinese leadership understand that they still have a lot of internal development to go before they can get too pushy . 
  it 's only the coast and a few inland cities that are well-developed . 
  the rest of china ( western , inland china ) is still pretty impoverished and undeveloped . 
  the fact that we see mass demonstrations in china against japan suggests that the ccp is behind them , because things like that just do n't happen without official approval . 
  the party uses it as a tool to distract people from their own domestic political issues , and to shore up support for the state . 
  plus , a war with japan will mean a war with the united states , and china is n't going to declare war on its biggest trading partner ( and the rest of the western world ) . 
   damn straight . 
  nato changed the rules of the game by interfering in the ukrainian election process . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  germany has a huge land army in terms of personnel ( in european terms ) . 
  would germany have collapsed if the syrian civil war were on its ' doorstep ? 
  probably not , i mean lebanon has been destabilized but it has n't collapsed , and they 're much weaker than both germany and france . 
  the germans are n't anti-military either , they simply operate quietly , diplomatically , and pragmatically ; it 's rarely been an issue . 
  who are they paying ? 
  we both know it 's not the kid . 
  they are n't buying a service from someone who is : a. old enough to make a decision about selling their bodies for sex b. old enough to make decisions independently the money will go to their shitbag parents or slavemasters and if you support that i find that disgusting . 
   it could just as easily have gone the other way . 
  but it did n't , and your argument was based on the idea that the us has somehow ended up in a bad place by becoming a more centralized federal state . 
  i 've already explained how that 's ridiculous . 
  you ca n't argue a counterfactual with any certainty , but what is certain is that the us was n't too handicapped by federalizing . 
  manuel barosso , who at the time was the head of the eu , came out and said scotland would n't continue being a member and would have to re-apply .
