  that was convincing enough . 
  i know you are talking about what has happened since the referendum . 
  there 's no way that the promises made to scotland have been fulfilled . 
  scotland has been granted more powers but it 's nowhere near the almost home rule they were promised . 
   i 'm not really sure why that 's not being offered to be honest . 
  because we 're already there , but that 's not what this project is supposed to be , so it 's kept quiet . 
  we 're not part of the euro , we 're not part of schengen , and if we accept this deal we can restrict benefits for eu migrants for x years ( i forget the stupidly inconsequential number chosen , and it does n't really matter anyway ) . 
  these are just a few examples . 
  it looks like we 're on our own service tier to me , anyway . 
  oh , that is what this is , and some of our media covers it like that too . 
  this is less about substance than it is trying to calm down the nutcases in his own party . 
  if you look at the actual deal that was negotiated it 's a little better than the one wilson negotiated in the 70s and put to a referendum in order to hold the labour party together ... that did n't work out too well , either . 
  i found it funny . 
  triumphalism is n't a good look on anyone , no matter which red , white , and blue you represent . 
  what do you have against mihari black ? 
  from everything i 've seen of her she 's more than competent . 
  people can vote for whoever they want bro . 
  that 's what democracy is . 
  the rebate could be part of the problem . 
  the less we take from the eu , the more our government gets back from the eu - so , there 's a dis-incentive built-in to the game and it means that our government and local governments do n't apply for as much eu money as they otherwise would , which could be skewing things ( i say could because there 's no real way to know ) . 
  i do n't feel the media present it in that way . 
  i feel like there was a focus on the negatives but at the end of the day some of the demands the snp were making were utterly ridiculous . 
  i mean come on , you 're campaigning for independence but want your fiscal policy to stay in the hands of mr. osborne , you want to keep the bbc but leave britain , and they insisted that scotland would automatically remain a member of the eu even though the european commission and pretty much every other expert in international law and treaties said that it would play out differently . 
  it was ridiculous . 
  for what it 's worth though , there 's no way in hell cameron 's promises to scotland have been fulfilled and the unwritten british constitution has simply been made more bloody complicated . 
  the debate over english votes for english laws is just stupid . 
  we need to stop this piecemeal reform nonsense and get a constitutional convention together in order to create a new settlement for all nations of the uk . 
  i 'm personally in favor of federalization . 
  i realize that you supported the yes campaign and were against oil , but how do you feel about the result now that oil is at $ 35 a barrel ? 
  scotland would have been facing some very tough times . 
  i 'd even go as far as to say that it would probably be worse than what project fear predicted , or the snp would have had to severely reduce their legislative agenda . 
  you do understand that the reason the us scrapped the articles of confederation and adopted the constitution was because a confederation of states did not function properly for anyone involved , right ? 
   i do n't think it 's a good thing , based on my own country 's history . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  spanning an entire continent , bordering two huge oceans , possessing massive amounts of natural resources , a huge population , the largest economy of any country on earth and the most powerful military that ever existed in history must be a really terrible place to end up . 
  i realize i 'm being a little rude but ... come on dude . 
  come on ... 
  fat chance . 
  i 'm not even a right winger , any fair minded individual has to smell the bullshit wafting around the hypocrisy though . 
  that is n't what the original comment was referring to , but yes , that is what orwell described . 
  the original comment was about how technology could be used to enslave us by exploiting our passions , not how a middle class could lead a revolution with the help of the working class and then continue to screw the working class . 
  i mean obviously technology helped big brother keep tabs on everyone and helped the surveillance state run , but i always felt that huxley 's vision of a technological utopia where ( the majority ) of people are kept dumb was the warning about technology . 
  huxley warned us about what could happen if our passions were used to control us via technology , and orwell described a state formed by a betrayed revolution . 
  i 've heard it said that many in the eastern bloc read the book via clandestine distribution networks called [ samizdat , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/samizdat ) and were shocked to find out that orwell had never visited the ussr or eastern bloc - 1984 was * that * true to their lives . 
  of course , orwell did know what stalinism was capable of , because he saw it ( and almost became a victim ) in barcelona when the stalinist communist party decided to purge their anarchist allies during the civil war . 
  orwell was very nearly arrested and would have been left to die in prison were it not for him getting shot in the neck and having a chance to return to barcelona and get the fuck out of dodge with his wife ( translation : they escaped to france ) . 
  it 's not reasonable to have the standard set like that for two reasons : you have no idea what someone will find offensive or what someone will find to have violated their dignity . 
  if you do n't know where the line is , any enforcement of the law is surely arbitrary by definition , no ? 
  scotland has a different legal system to england so it 's difficult to compare the two cases . 
  plus , mustafa never went to trial - her charges were dropped because of `` lack of evidence . '', 
  funny how the same lack of evidence is n't found when it 's a working-class white moron who spouts his mouth off a bit too much online . 
  that 's more huxley than orwell . 
  huxley felt that mass production and technology would be used to keep us enslaved and stupid by our passions , orwell felt that the state would use the jackboot to keep us all in line . 
  as much as it sounds alarmist and extreme , there really is something very peculiar going on with the uk 's justice systems . 
  while england and scotland both have different legal systems , in both countries people are getting locked away for speech which is merely offensive , and that is simply unconscionable . 
  the fact that bahar mustafa gets her charges dropped when she writes '' #killallwhitemen '' and thus faces no consequences ( other than the media circus ) [ while a 19 year old teenager got arrested \\ ( and was convicted , if i remember correctly \\ ) for making an offensive joke about the glasgow catastrophe does n't add up to me . 
  ] ( http://www.sunderlandecho.com/news/crime/police-cars-in-street-of-sunderland-teen-arrested-over-offensive-glasgow-tragedy-tweet-1-7019833 ) i 'm not sure whether the law in scotland is stricter on this or not , but either way i do n't think people should be arrested for offensive speech . 
  the line should be when you are actively inciting people to harm others and are likely to cause imminent harm to someone . 
   what kind of crazy union creates a common currency before creating a common treasury and fiscal transfer mechanisms ?!, 
  i truly believe that the eu does stuff like this because they 're sensitive to the claim that they want to destroy european nation states . 
  whether they 're going for the old `` lobster in a slowly boiling pot '' trick or genuinely believe in a union that preserves national sovereignty ( in a way that looks different to the us , for instance ) is another question but i tend to believe the former rather than the latter . 
  just because something has never been done before does n't mean that it wont work . 
  we know that creating a single currency without fiscal transfers and a common treasury was a stupid idea * now * , but you do n't know until you try . 
  yep , this is brinkmanship with potentially serious consequences, 
   i see this argument all the time but nobody has yet explained to me how a bunch of uneducated ( relativeley speaking , the skills they acquired in their country will only transfer in meanial jobs as education standards differ ) foreigners that dont speak the language will somehow fix this . 
  because they will have kids who will go to german schools and will speak german as their first language . 
  they will get jobs and pick up language skills and other skills too . 
  they 're not all mentally challenged . 
   for what its worth , they will cost germany alot of money . 
  so saving the pensions for old people isnt going to happen . 
  that is n't a settled matter and there are compelling arguments on both sides of the issue . 
   will germany go into a crisis for that ? 
  yes . 
  but its one that goes away with time as the older generation slowly dies off . 
  you just have to deal with the financial burden of paying for all those retirees when they 're still alive , at a time when they 're going to live longer than ever and require state-of-the-art medical care that will be more costly to provide than ever before . 
  your once booming economy stalls , you lose the advantage in technology ( which is germany 's forte at the moment ) because you do n't have a young , innovative population . 
  your geopolitical power declines as your economy and country will no longer be the leading nation in europe . 
  sure , you probably wont be mired in poverty , but we could be living through the peak of german power unless something big happens to solve this problem . 
  france and britain are set to be the leading nations of europe by 2050 because their economies and population will be significantly larger than germany 's . 
  i agree that corbyn does n't stand a chance at being elected , but who knows , 5 years is a long time . 
  also , my bad , you 're right . 
  i read `` europe '' as labour , and thought you were saying that . 
  egg on my face . 
  i agree , if that holds true we 're going to be in trouble ( but we would be anyway ) . 
  automation is another issue but obviously any negative impact will be increased if we have an even bigger underclass that 's thrown out of work . 
  ultimately the trend towards more automation threatens to undermine the way we order our societies and economies . 
  it could basically be the enclosure movement of the 21st century . 
   unskilled immigration will be a drain to the economy any way you slice it . 
  except in rapidly-aging societies ( hint : like germany , which is now aging faster than japan ) , where there is a demographic time bomb waiting to go off as the labor supply dramatically decreases and contributions to the tax and welfare systems decrease just as those systems are needed more than ever . 
  though i 'll concede that if your argument holds true we 're basically all fucked as a big shift to automation is going to put even more people out of work . 
   i think europe 's gon na swing hard towards the right over the next decade now explain jeremy corbyn, 
  there 's a strong argument that taking in a large number of refugees will be beneficial to germany as they have an extremely low birth rate and are about to begin a large decline in population over the next few decades . 
  there is a pro-eu campaign in the uk , they 're just useless at the moment and are n't doing anything substantial . 
  even if they started , my feeling is that they 'd attack euroskeptics personally and engage in sloppy argumentation . 
  oil price combined with sanctions and pre-existing economic woes . 
  mostly the oil price , as the price of oil is tied to the value of the ruble . 
  canada is still growing and the loonie has n't absolutely tanked in value though , because they have a diverse economy . 
  the sco 's chances of becoming an anti-us axis have been mortally wounded by the inclusion of india . 
  china and russia may seem close on the surface but in reality they 're competitors in every sense . 
   how many competitors for the major itc products have come from europe which , as you so aptly put it , the anti-trust laws should encourage competition .
