did you read the myths & legends we teach in school ? 
  everyone dies . 
  just green , had to sell the last two a few years back . 
  still some of those little gnomish feckers in the d\u00e1il though . 
  ah , winston has a line for everything !, 
  was there a bit of irish in him ? 
  fools and their privacy are easily parted, 
  the ira were / are a terrorist organisation , did that factor into your comment ? 
  wait till they see what phil hogan does to the eu 's agricultural sector - this step will seem timid , and certainly toothless . 
  is tchaikovsky ` in ' yet ? 
  seriously , i love dogs , but i love people more - if you know that dogs ca n't spread ebola go tell the authorities and help . 
  but be sure that dogs ca n't spread it , it 's not like they 've plenty of hair to catch particulate matter from infected humans or anything . 
  so you know for sure that they 're not able to be vectors ? 
  because if you do n't ... 
  stop the lights everyone , save the dog - it 's not like we 've to reduce infection vectors or anything !, 
  he 's despised for many reasons : making a disaster of refuse collection in dublin city , claiming to not know why $ 40 million was spent on consultants to establish irish water - though he signed-off on it just did n't want to admit it , after spending all this money - he went months unable to tell anyone how much water was going to cost and missed several deadlines to do so , trying to get jobs for constituents rather than going through the normal application process , interfering with housing allocations , threatening an mep with legal action for mentioning the housing issue above - although it was in all the national irish papers for days , and being a general asshole to many people . 
  all while being the minister of the environment . 
  he 's a byword for cronyism and corruption . 
  he 'll do fuck-all work for the eu , yet he 'll leave a mess behind nonetheless . 
  also what 's guaranteed , all his business friends will get the best of whatever he gives . 
  i think much , much less of the eu commission , now that he 's considered worthy . 
  they 've certainly lowered the bar there . 
   `` i think i 'd still go for pounds and ounces , yes i do , '' cameron told bbc2 's newsnight when asked which should be taught predominantly . 
  this one ? 
  in the comments, 
  phil hogan is a joke . 
  if the commission wants to lower its standards , approving him will do it . 
  thought it was a fleg , nothing new . 
  and a breezy take on the alphabet too , 
  we 're winning in wind power too , not that you 'd notice . 
  anyone know why we got rid of our sugar beet industry ? 
  even si\u00facra is n't irish . 
  / sadpanda, 
  working link : http://www.euractiv.com/sections/eu-priorities-2020/deadlocked-eu-transparency-reform-finds-new-impetus-308690, 
  the one i heard was that ` rus ' was the name of a viking who established a settlement in what would become russia . 
  if i 'd my way , i 'd saw ni off the shelf and let them do whatever they think is next . 
  i ca n't imagine ireland wanting to pay for them , do n't think anyone else does either . 
  ( ireland ) - restrained bemusement . 
  expecting westminster to water down the currently touted devolution proposals to lip-gloss , then a repeat ref in 10 / 20 years ( when the oil & gas is spent ) . 
  if europe as a whole enforced its current data protection laws , i 'd feel better about these kinds of treaty negotiations . 
  though judging from how companies are treated it seems the bigger the invasions of privacy , the less likely companies are to suffer . 
  we know there are back-doors in windows that the nsa make microsoft leave there for later exploitation , but everyone 's medical records are probably stored on a windows machine . 
  we 're getting to the point that if your personal information is stored on a windows based system - it is de facto in breach of data protection laws . 
  yet here we are discussing more data ` sharing ' . 
  how many elephants does a room need before they 're properly discussed ? 
  we should put a halt to these negotiations until encryption standards are enforced in europe and demonstrated to be nsa & gchq proof . 
  anything less and the eu is simply white-washing the situation or paying lip-service to the concept of data protection . 
  genuine information now needed to write newspaper articles under european anti-bullshit laws . 
  there 's only two vowels in your version . 
  you see , there 's only a few vowels and they do n't get to meet as many other letters as they like . 
  nor in all the wonderful combinations that vowels would like to try . 
  so to be fair to the vowels , irish gave them a good old spread through the words . 
  you wo n't meet a happier vowel than an irish vowel . 
  look at taoiseach , the vowels are loving it !, 
  in short , take care of the vowels and the consonants will look after themselves . 
  cheers !, 
  serious question : with so many # billions & oil involved , a simple yes / no ballot and polls that are stating it 's ` too close to call ' - what are the safeguards against a rigged vote ? 
  a little socky though , no ? 
  the 80s, 
  this definitely applies to phil hogan from ireland , he 's despised at home . 
  not very good at remembering numbers either . 
  we would have to be certain that flight mode really is what it says it is and/or that there are no flaws in the code that can be exploited to turn functions back on anyway . 
  the guaranteed method is to remove the power to the phone , or possibly a faraday case / wallet that is trustworthy . 
  imagine what would happen if we had eu parliaments ' metadata ? 
  wonder if that falls under an foi request !, 
  it 's a rupert murdoch paper , fox news in print form, 
  wow , that one 's worse i think . 
  i think it 's time we asked for a new ambassador , mr modai & his wife have done and said enough at this point . 
  oh , it 's real - it links from the embassy 's official page and it 's not the first time they 've done something like this . 
  well , it would n't be the first time for the israeli embassy in ireland : http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/12/17/israeli-embassy-deletes-christmas-thought-attacking-palestinians-from-facebook/?_php=true&amp;_type=blogs&amp;_r=0 and http://www.timesofisrael.com/un-made-hitler-happy-israels-irish-embassy-says/, 
  i think i 'll wait till two reputable sources report this . 
  i think what ireland did last election seemed in general to be the best idea , completely wipe out the last government and try the next biggest party , promising reform etc. 
  okay , it did n't work the new government is pretty much the last one with a little extra sprinkling of cronyism / corruption . 
  though many irish people i talk to are prepared to try again and get rid of fg too and try what would have been unthinkable 5 years ago - sf as a major player in the next government . 
  and i reckon we 're prepared to do that because we want politics to work better for us and that means a reformed d\u00e1il . 
  we 'll wipe out sf too if they do n't deliver what we want . 
  we 've essentially had a two party system , and we 're prepared to destroy it if politicians let us down again . 
  the d\u00e1il needs major reform , they behave like an entitled aristocracy and seem to forget that d\u00e1il is getting nearly all the blame for the damage done to the country over the last 10 years ( and in my opinion rightly so ) . 
  time will tell i guess , but i think we 're interested enough to try all the combinations available now - and not be dissuaded by the typical media scaremongering . 
  i think ireland is very politically interested , it 's the d\u00e1il that is the problem . 
  i wonder if angela merkel benefited from this eavesdropping before she rose to power ? 
  would that be partly the reason she was so reluctant to investigate the matter until she herself was a target ? 
  you 're adorable, 
  bravo !!, 
  ahh , the tories are a pathology . 
  they should n't be let near a parliament . 
  ` please do n't melt me ', 
  i 'm sure a good ol doxxing would change his mind . 
  though considering he 's associated with a [ big data ] ( http://www.linkedin.com/groups?gid=3900491 ) linked-in group - you would have to wonder about his capacity for objectivity on the matter and of course where he draws the line when gathering this big data - i wonder what his university would think of him if he were ever caught with illegally obtained data . 
  i worked in the financial industry through all that boom / bust cycle - a majority saw it coming . 
  they profited as best they could from it , just like i reckon he did . 
  i 've absolutely no problem with willie o'dea being left on the bullshit pile and all the other hoors from that period . 
  the idea that mr mcwilliams stayed above the fray is bullshit too though . 
  he was more than happy to consult with them and surely could n't have been naive enough to think he was n't swimming with concussed sharks . 
  as for his prognostications , we could cherry-pick links all day : http://citywire.co.uk/wealth-manager/under-the-spotlight-irelands-top-economist-david-mcwilliams/a589749/2 i 've more respect for people who gather together to save a local resource , volunteer for their community etc. 
  than a cassandra with an `` i told you so '' complex . 
  if there 's one thing the celtic tiger collapse taught the irish , it 's that ignoring this man and his proposals is better than listening to him . 
  best of luck , that 's a great idea !, 
  it probably stems from the irish for ` shit ' http://www.irishdictionary.ie/dictionary?language=irish&amp;tolanguage=english&amp;word=cac, 
  unfortunately , i think ireland 's hiding of its corruption is simply a little better - rather than the corruption being less .
