  the soviets were able to advance and didnt experience wide-spread famine due to huge supplies of american trucks and food ( and.countless other things ) . 
  the western allies ( especially usaaf forces , sorry brits but its true ) destroyed the luftwaffe over germany in 1943 , giving the red air force supremacy on the eastern front allowing things like bagration to be such a stunning success . 
  the us bore the brunt of offensive action in the pacific . 
  to act like any of the great allied powers didnt actually do much in the war is both ignorant and disrespectful . 
  i feel like you guys think we believe this a lot more than we actually do ... 
  nixon was a really great president in a lot of ways . 
  terrible human being , and corrupt as hell , but an extremely able president . 
  out of curiousity , what is petain more widely know for in france : holding the line at verdun , or his behavior in ww2 ? 
  wow . 
  i had no idea that albania was so beautiful . 
  i really want to add that to my romanian trip i have planned now . 
  im constantly on my english friends backs to send me ever increasing numbers of hob nobs . 
  i cant find them here in the states . 
  those * should * be britains favorite cookie . 
  they 're like heroin . 
  i had a really hard time with that when i was in england . 
  i believe tea should be strong and dark . 
  the people i argued with generally stood on their nationality as proof that they were right . 
  they are * not * right . 
  have you ever seen a grown man naked ? 
  ( thats the entire point ), 
  most people know of portugal but i 'm sure few of us know that much about it . 
  how is it seen in germany ? 
  i think there is blame to go around . 
  i feel like a lot of people in this sub are surprised that we can tie our own shoes . 
  its thought that isis is attempting to drive a deeper wedge between the natural citizens of europe and europes islamic immigrants . 
  they are trying to create a backlash , be they riots , anti-islam legislation , or a right wing political resurgence . 
  this will in turn further radicalize the immigrants as well as muslims worldwide , or so they hope . 
  so , if that is your aim then it doesnt matter what western nation you hit ; as long as they have a muslim minority . 
  fair enough . 
  thats a fantastic novelty account . 
  i always forget the role im supposed to play and break character , so kudos to you !, 
  ironically , he hates being told what to do or i totally would . 
  there are tons of european people taking part in the primary campaigns through phonebanking and the like . 
  many political figures have expressed their views on it . 
  i dont mind , our elections effect them . 
  in our increasingly interconnected world foreign elections will effect us more and more . 
  it would probably be best if we all got used to it . 
  cousin , i implore you not to get involved in political debates with our conservatives/trump supporters/great unwashed . 
  you 'll be better off for it . 
  and , as everyone agrees , he has the most punchable face that anyone has ever seen . 
  i believe the entire quote was `` if britain must choose between europe and the open seas , she must always choose the open seas . 
  if i must choose between yourself ( de gaulle ) and roosevelt , i shall always choose roosevelt . '', 
  that was half joke / half real point . 
  but i can see how that would be unclear . 
  yes . 
  you 've heard of the democraticly elected hitler ? 
  ignorance isnt the issue . 
  people dont like trump so much as they are angry at the establishment . 
  there are tons of american education systems . 
  ignorance is just as common anywhere you go , but at least we americans arent ignorant enough to assume that a bloc of 300,000,000 foreigners are stupid or poorly educated . 
  canadians are up there with my own people for the title of `` least humble people in the world '' , dont kid yourself . 
  wasnt the us about the first democracy in modern times ? 
  britain kinda was , but not totally . 
  what does the relative youth of the us as an independent nation have to do with it ? 
  i might just be ignorant though , my eastern european history isnt the best . 
  i think when people think of austrians here its along the lines of : `` cuddly germans '' . 
  except for that whole hitler episode . . 
  man , you would hate the us !, 
  i dont see how anyone could downvote your eminently reasonable post . 
  this is absolutely true . 
  i think he certainly had a healthy amount of native intelligence , but i also feel that he is intellectually lazy . 
  i get the feeling that it isnt a high regard for trump so much as a widespread desire to burn down the establishment . 
  on the conservative side that amounts to backing trump , on the left it amounts to backing sanders . 
  funny thing about sanders is that a lot of what he is proposing is not new . 
  the us used to have a lot of these policies in place . 
  the wealthy were taxed much more than they are now . 
  state colleges were extremely affordable . 
  people were paid livable wages . 
  the us had progressive financial policies that led to some of the best wealth equality in the western world and a very broad middle class . 
  not that long ago either , bernie wouldnt have been out of place in the 30s-60s . 
  its fair to say we 've lost our way . 
  can you expand on this ? 
  and yet the us allowed their most consistent ally in the middle east to be toppled in the first place without doing anything to get in the way . 
  i dont think the us is resonsible for as much as you think it is . 
  i refuse to support them in any world cup game in solidarity with our crumpet gobbling cousins . 
  * even if * they 're playing mexico !, 
  its a large sacrifice to make , but family is family . 
  and now do you think its a mad max hellhole where everyone gets murdered at least twice in their lives , the uninsured are allowed to die in waiting rooms , and children are expelled from schools for making clocks ? 
  i just think the various views of the us that is portrayed by the media is hilarious . 
  a `` no groping '' sign when you ca n't get laid ? 
  i was confused a lot when i first got to england by all the people greeting me with `` are you alright ? '', 
  to an american it sounds like you are implying that something is wrong . 
  it took a bit for me to stop giving personal , defensive , and detailed answers to prove that i was in fact fine . 
  this is the best thing that britain taught us before we had our little tantrum . 
  i think that is why the us felt free to do this . 
  `` oh , there will be repercussions against american soccer ? 
  shut up and get in the van . 
  we dont give a shit . '', 
  though i am a soccer fan and give a shit , i dont give enough of a shit to let these crooks go about ruining this beautiful sport . 
  what secondary school system are you talking about ? 
  you should probably accept that you dont know what you 're talking about . 
  i 'm one of those americans . 
  i try not to comment much as this sub is n't really for me . 
  so i lurk far more than i comment . 
  though sometimes i forget what sub i 'm in and comment anyway . 
  but i 'm interested in what europeans think and find the debates here interesting . 
  i follow a lot of subs that i have no business being in . 
  i dont think this would be seen as a tolerable loophole . 
  turkey is a member of nato .
