  but being offended or annoyed when members of the most critiqued nation on the planet also has opinions about your country is childish at best . 
  yeah , because nobody has the gall to have opinions on our country . 
  screw it . 
  lets just form a super commonwealth with the wayward son coming back home . 
  but i live in portland and it was good coffee !, 
  worth it for a good historical joke . 
  they are saying that drinking out of a bathroom faucet is something an animal would do . 
  i do that every day . 
  ive been living like an animal for my entire life i guess . 
  you made me dribble coffee out of my nose . 
  most polls showed bernie with a far better chance to beat trump than hillary . 
  hillary was and is widely disliked and distrusted . 
  bernie is extremely admired and even his opponents generally agree that he is a good and honest man . 
  he lost those states in the primary that the democrats never win in the general election , states like georgia and alabama . 
  he won the important swing states and rust-belt states quite easily . 
  those are the states that decide the general election . 
  his populism fused with his decency and dignity would likely have looked very appealing next to trumps degrading populism . 
  hmm . 
  i wonder if they need aircraft mechanics ... 
  i imagine i would need to be certified with easa , but im sure i could swing that . 
  america has a huge manufacturing base . 
  they dont make household goods anymore , but most of the worlds industrial equipment , heavy machinery and the like is still made there . 
  from what i understand , the desire for a larger european investment into nato stems from a desire to pivot to asia . 
  for that to happen the us needs to feel comfortable with removing it 's military assets from europe . 
  that combined with the long-standing american support for a stronger and more united europe seems to imply that they are n't different things . 
  unless i 'm missing something here . 
  the us would be very much in favor of it . 
  they have been for a long time . 
  i cant believe none of you picked oregon . 
  we have leftist politics , legal marijuana , tons of microbreweries , and the most strip clubs per capita in the us !, 
  what more do you want ? 
  your washington and my oregon could double-team some lucky country that likes weed and artisan beers !, 
  geez . 
  we get dragged into everything somehow . 
  `` i came to casablanca for my health . 
  i came for the waters . '', 
  `` what waters ? 
  we 're in the desert ! '', 
  `` i was misinformed . '', 
  very interesting . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  were these laws similar to the sodomy laws in some us states ? 
  homosexuality was technically illegal in a lot of states but the laws were n't actually enforced . 
  or did some of these countries actually jail homosexuality ? 
  so would i. 
  but the eu needs some kind of unified foreign policy and a combined military force subject to its orders and not the individual countries for that to be feasible . 
  that is absolutely untrue . 
  the majority of the ussrs trucks came from the us . 
  without these trucks the soviets could never have sustained their offensives from 42-45 . 
  with these huge numbers of trucks being gifted to them the soviets could concentrate their building on tanks and aircraft at a time when much of their industrial capacity was under german occupation . 
  not to mention the massive amount of food aid which likely saved the ussr from famine at a time when their main food producing regions ( ukraine and belarus ) were under german occupation . 
  obviously the soviets did the lions share of the fighting , but lend-lease was crucial to their victory . 
  it isnt `` how we say it '' . 
  its just a malapropism like `` for all intensive purposes '' . 
  i was being kind of facetious . 
  and drinking the blood of our children , dont forget that . 
  we had britains help . 
  they are pretty good at it too . 
  it was kind of a realpolitik `` dream team '' . 
  or a politician who knows an opportunity when he sees one . 
  i wonder if there are clauses in the turkish constitution to allow him to rule with wider emergency powers . 
  kinda like another guy we 've all heard of . 
  i guess it depends on what you thought he meant . 
  it is irony . 
  im really not interested in debating what is or isnt irony though . 
  a joke leading to such a debate is just too stupid for words . 
  no , i meant irony . 
  and you are quite welcome !, 
  i thought you guys were supposed to be good at irony ? 
  in an election , yeah . 
  it is probably one of the weaknesses of the system . 
  but it 's bound to happen in a system like ours . 
  there will always be a few states that are split rather evenly between right and left all the way down to the level of local politics . 
  the fact that states like ohio are so important in the presidential election - but have no particular power otherwise - makes me think that the system ( which the electoral college is just a part of ) works quite well . 
  but i 'll have you know that i am 1/32nd limerickian !, 
  that means we 're practically paisan mon ami !, 
  because the us is a federal system that was designed to give every state or region as much of a voice as possible . 
  it 's far too easy in some countries for even a single city to decide the entire nations leadership and policies . 
  the electoral college is part of a system ( combined with the bicameral legislature ) that attempts to retain as much balance between the fifty states and population centers as possible . 
  it is n't right that a state with 500,000 people has as much say as a state with 20,000,000 , but nor is it right that that smaller state is left completely voiceless . 
  the electoral college , combined with the governments other checks and balances is an important component in that system . 
  [ this article explains some of the points pretty well . 
  ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/view_from_chicago/2012/11/defending_the_electoral_college.html ) it 's all well and good to prefer a different kind of system . 
  but i wish people would stop acting like the electoral college is some sort of nonsensical feudal system or something . 
  whats wrong with that ? 
  do you know why the us uses that system ? 
  i think we should withhold such offers for awhile in the hopes that the uk finds its way back into the union . 
  if they are dead-set on leaving , i really hope we do what we can to help the cousins out . 
  i get what you are saying , but the world is getting ever more interconnected . 
  the actions of governments like the us , britain , or the eu - any government representing large economies - have severe effects on the lives of the other nations . 
  the foreign policies of these governments or entities have huge effects as well . 
  i certainly dont begrudge the citizens or governments of other nations having opinions on the politics of my own country . 
  the presidential election in the us will change the worlds political landscape , and i for one am interested in what the people of subs like this think about it . 
  we do . 
  and europeans have a place in our politics . 
  they know it too - as you can see by how many europeans hang out in / politics to talk about american politics . 
  our politics effect you and yours effect us . 
  if you support a candidate who has racist/prejudiced views , then you should probably be prepared for that judgement . 
  it is n't illogical is it ? 
  there is always the good old usa .
