  if it were attacked as you propose then we would * have * to go to war , or nato would be meaningless . 
  yeah . 
  for decades the soviets and russians purposely violated american airspace over alaska . 
  the american response was simply to scramble an f15 to escort the soviet bomber out of american airspace . 
  nobody died , and both sides sent their message . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  besides nuclear weapons , baseball is the worst thing that my people have inflicted on the world . 
  but who would take power in saudi arabia then ? 
  how would we avoid an even more zealous government ? 
  if we go after saudi arabia using economic means , how do we avoid pushing them into the arms of russia - thereby giving russia an almost untoppable hand in international diplomacy ? 
  sometimes i feel like the entente made a mistake in dismantling the ottoman empire ... 
  be brave france . 
  our thoughts are with you . 
  i wish i could help . 
  as a union electrician in the us , i stand to make about $ 40 an hour . 
  really good benefits and pension too . 
  finns must * hate * americans . 
  we love talking to strangers . 
  well , i dont . 
  but most of us do . 
  any reasonable person loves waffles . 
  i thought shropshire was gorgeous . 
  i was surprised that i hadnt heard much about it before . 
  now i want to go to portugal just to take a shower . 
  germany should always be reminded of the holocaust . 
  and so should the rest of us . 
  many of our countries were complicit . 
  some were complicit enthusiastically , and some through indifference . 
  my country could have saved many victims by allowing their immigration without low quotas . 
  countries like canada and australia were also complicit through indifference . 
  countries like france and actively helped the nazi carry out the final solution in their countries . 
  we dont think much about the involvement of other nations , and tend to lump it all together as a german crime , which isnt quite fair . 
  but i think its important to remember our own parts . 
  as ian kershaw said : `` the road to auschwitz was laid by hatred , but paved with indifference . '', 
  if there is a good thing about the holocaust , its that it serves as a glaring example and lesson in so many things . 
  i think we should always keep it near the forefront of our conciousnesses . 
  that is so much cooler than what we do now ... 
  we 've all read it . 
  most of us just dont know why you think its so relevant . 
  i was in a pub in birmingham and got into a big , long discussion with a bunch of the people there . 
  it rapidly became banter . 
  i was going with it . 
  i had heard brits praising banter as social discourse enough and knew not to take their `` anti-americanisms '' seriously . 
  but then i said something that could be seen as not giving full credit to the uk for the victory in ww2 . 
  jesus christ , those people turned on me so fast that i did n't know where i was anymore . 
  united supercolony of america !, 
  i hate mr bean , but black adder is genius . 
  i actually teared up during the final episode of the ww1 series . 
  i have to agree . 
  its beautiful . 
  some damned fool thing in the balkans ... - bismark, 
  have you ever seen an actual football playbook ? 
  they 're like large novels that the players have to memorize . 
  it 's crazy . 
  is there an xkcd comic for everything ? 
  drivers from every state in the us are denigrated as bad drivers by the citizens of all other states nearby . 
  its weird . 
  out of curiousity , is the german complicity in the 1917 revolution taught in the schools over there ? 
  or is the revolution taught as strictly a peoples movement ? 
  his crimes are well known . 
  all i 'd say is : we 're all a product of our times , and it was still an amazing accomplishment . 
  i think that the death penalty will either be legal or not . 
  degrees of heinousness or surety of guilt is such a subjective thing that we 'd just end up with the same issue that we have now . 
  da 's trying to make a big splash to further their future political careers would go back to frying everyone they could get a conviction for . 
  i have no sympathy for someone like ted bundy , but what tangible benefit does his execution have for us ? 
  victims do n't come back . 
  you cant guarantee that the people convicted are * always * guilty . 
  there have been far too many cases of innocent people being killed by the state . 
  thats a mistake you cant correct . 
  therefore it should not be used . 
  i agree . 
  the death penalty is barbaric and pointless . 
  if for no other reason , the fact that you cant guarantee the guilt of every single person convicted means it shougld be illegal . 
  christopher hitchens said something like : `` americans think that life should be risky . 
  they look down on nations whose governments try to make sure that everyone is okay . '', 
  i see some truth in that but i 'm not sure i agree or not . 
  its an interesting view of a transplanted english-american . 
  apparently to mexican ears the spanish spoken in spain sounds like a gay stereotype . 
  mildly interesting til . 
  do you disagree ? 
  just explain what you disagree with instead of making underhanded comments implying that i 'm delusional or something . 
  you 're adding literally nothing to this . 
  do you deny it ? 
  if so , i 'd * love * to hear your reasons . 
  the us is for better or worse on top right now . 
  our media is consumed by all . 
  of course others will have opinions about us and they have every right to voice those opinions when they believe we 're fucking up . 
  with so much more exposure goes so much more criticism . 
  it isnt a persecution complex . 
  i dont feel persecuted . 
  its just the reality of the situation . 
  please explain my `` persecution complex '' . 
  i take issue with the commonly held opinion that america has no culture that isnt trashy , pop , or disposable . 
  i largely agree with a lot of `` anti-american '' opinions on things like foreign policy etc , but the `` america has no culture '' trope just really bothers me . 
  the forms of music that spawned from that clash of african and european culture that is a hallmark of american life and history have taken root all over the world . 
  american literature has been some of the greatest and most progressive in the entire world for 150 years . 
  american film has likewise been at the center of moviemaking since its inception . 
  im in no.way trying to sound arrogant , but american culture has probably been the most dynamic in the world for well over a century . 
  i understand and im not complaining .
