it wasnt staged , it just wasnt the first flag-raising . 
  they were in the process of raising the second , bigger flag when rosenthal showed up on suribachi . 
  he happened to show up to take the picture , but they didnt raise it for his benefit . 
  as an american i certainly dont have the moral high ground , but how anyone can feel that way about the continent that gave us nestle is beyond me . 
  i love that word . 
  its amazing that the germans came up with a term for it . 
  it just rolls off the tongue too . 
  i read that germans had appropriated the english `` shit storm '' . 
  is that true ? 
  reddit gives one an extremely warped view of what the us is like . 
  if i had never been here and went by what people in subs like / r/europe , / r/canada , and / r/worldnews say then i 'd think the us was some kind of wasteland where everything bad is the norm and the uninsured die in waiting rooms while being spit on by wbc members . 
  well ... shit . 
  did you know that `` posh '' comes from the most expensive tickets for voyages to india during the raj ? 
  port outbound starboard home . 
  posh !, 
  just felt that was relevant . 
  it could be said that it was one war with a big break in the middle . 
  that makes the most sense to me . 
  i know that many european militaries have great training and some great weapons , but would that be enough to overcome a russian military that is under one chain of command and pursuing a single foreign policy ? 
  thanks pops . 
  not a joke about europe or countries but what the hell . 
  how many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? 
  one and thats not funny !, 
  that second joke would work well with a canadian instead of a finn too . 
  i dont think integrated means what you think it does . 
  our navy is probably our most important service . 
  traditionally , the us hasnt been a land power . 
  we 've usually had a tiny army . 
  but our navy has always been sizable and well armed . 
  we didnt recite the pledge after middle school . 
  i dont know what the norm is . 
  i agree that it 's a weird thing to do . 
  but when i was in school in birmingham as a child ( my dad worked in england for a year ) we always began the day with a prayer . 
  which we just do n't do in the us . 
  it was n't a catholic school or anything and i do n't know how common that may be . 
  the kids took it about the same way we take the pledge here . 
  zombie-like droning until it 's over . 
  meant nothing . 
  i 'm sure a lot of people here would love to do away with it , but that would mean the kind of sensationalistic battle for * american values * that right-wing entertainment punditry so love to take part in . 
  the pledge doesnt mean anything . 
  its just one of those weird anachronistic things that nobody gives a second thought to . 
  it is n't some solemn rite - blood compact or anything . 
  just imagine europe shifting right while sanders gets elected in the us and ushers in a sizable shift to the left . 
  nothing would make sense anymore !, 
  that is bizarre !, 
  where was this ? 
  you son of a. . . grumble grumble . 
  sigh . 
  i hate that i cant really argue with that . 
  the sword has been forced into your hand . 
  this aggression will not stand . 
  the arab spring took down one of our biggest allies in that part of the world . 
  if anything , i think the fact that the us let it run its course is a point in its favor . 
  and libya wasnt something that the us wanted to be involved in . 
  it took quite a bit of pressure by our european allies for us to.commit forces there . 
  all you have to do is start a war with a neighbor that the us can step in and negotiate an end to . 
  thats how the israelis and egyptians got it . 
  i ( mostly ) lurk here out of interest in european opinions and a view of issues that im not generally exposed to . 
  i hope this sub doesnt get too inundated with people like me . 
  unless they can keep their mouths shut most of the time . 
  you will never understand . 
  how it feels to live your life . 
  with no meaning or control, 
  thank you . 
  this is interesting . 
  thats not an answer . 
  why ? 
  i completely agree . 
  i think we often confuse what are actually class and economic issues with racial ones . 
  thereby making it more difficult to solve either . 
  every time i state this opinion i get looks like i 'm david duke or something . 
  can you expand on that ? 
  my experience is limited , but living in portland i 've met quite a few second-generation chinese-canadians from vancouver and they were all thoroughly assimilated . 
  i even got in an argument with one about hockey . 
  our tabloids are full of them . 
  i dont know why , as i at least have never in my life had a conversation about them with anybody here . 
  europe will have to do some serious soul-searching in order to have a viable defense policy . 
  people bring up european spending and technology as reasons why they have nothing to fear from russia , but russia is unified with a military that conforms to one chain of command and is directed by a single policy . 
  europe does n't stand a chance against them unless the nations of europe give up a little sovereignty . 
  they would need to put their own militaries under the orders of an eu chain of command . 
  russia attacked estonia and parts of the eu decided it was in their interests to oppose them ? 
  then your soldiers will be killed for estonia whether your population wants that or not . 
  part of me wants to see the us withdraw from europe just because of a morbid curiousity to see what would become of the eu . 
  in many ways the us presence is allowing europe to turn a blind eye towards the sovereignty issues that they 'll have to face eventually . 
  i think a us withdrawl would either solidify the eu or make it fall apart . 
  yeah . 
  a war with * russia * . 
  thats * exactly * what we want right now . 
  well , you have to admit that it * is * a really cool sound . 
  besides that horrible u-571 movie ( you 're absolutely right there , that was a travesty ) i do n't see much of that . 
  can you give me an example ? 
  im not sure its that simple . 
  i dont know if i could shoot my officer forcing me into an immoral war while my family is back home with the gestapo . 
  maybe its a simple right and wrong sort of thing to you , but i think most people would have done the same thing those average landser did . 
  that satirical subreddit ? 
  yeah . 
  it was a joint effort . 
  why do people have to measure dicks like this ? 
  the soviets did the majority of the killing and dieing in the war . 
  the british held on heroically in 1940 .
