  i wouldnt mind becoming a supercolony if you guys help us institute some of that sweet sweet parliamentary government . 
  the us didnt exist . 
  certain colonies like virginia did receive penal immigrants , but most did not . 
  poor virginia tried repeatedly to stop the practice but the damned redcoats were like : `` lol . 
  we 'll just keep overturning your colonial laws . 
  what are you going to do about it ? '', 
  hey now , he could very well still be landslided . 
  landslid . 
  bbc just called it . 
  amazing . 
  the brits have both the most beautiful and the ugliest accents in the english speaking world . 
  this is riveting . 
  its exhilarating to watch history unfold like this . 
  i ca n't tear myself away from my computer . 
  watching a nation decide its future with a vote is pretty amazing . 
  i wish we in the us could do something similar . 
  a lot of articles are just saying `` heavy rain '' . 
  just because of the rain ? 
  til condolences are only offered at funerals . 
  if the uk leaves it could well throw the future of the eu into question . 
  i feel like if i were a european with an attachment to the union then a leave vote would be quite frightening . 
  im absolutely riveted by this . 
  this could well be one of the bigger political events of our lifetimes . 
  my heartfelt condolences to those of you who dont get the vote you want . 
  my friends say the same thing !, 
  i found that the people of paris are much like the people in any big city . 
  they tend to want to devote less time to interacting with strangers than those in smaller towns . 
  some of them were `` rude '' , but no more rude than the people of london or new york . 
  its a city thing , not a french thing . 
  i couldnt speak french very well , but i felt like they appreciated the effort . 
  why would we want that ? 
  countries on top tend to want the status quo . 
  they dont start wars with the potential to engulf the world because , `` what the hell ? 
  its like he wants you all to catch the bloody flux !, 
  romania has always been the main country in europe that i want to visit . 
  my second grade teacher was romanian and she used to show us pictures of her home in transylvania and i just always thought it was beautiful . 
  once my girlfriend and i finish college we 're taking a trip to greece and romania . 
  i think its one of the most famous war writings in history . 
  its beautiful . 
  it really captures the pathos of war . 
  i personally doubt it . 
  i do n't think that is actually a very widely held belief here . 
  i hear a lot more about this supposed american slander of the french on subs like this than anywhere else . 
  it 's possible , and they have . 
  germans make films about germany . 
  the british make films about the british . 
  why are americans labelled egomaniacs when they do the same thing ? 
  it 's to be expected that people are more interested in their own history . 
  i 've seen many british people get upset that saving private ryan showed `` the yanks saving the world , as usual '' , but i fail to see why there would be british soldiers in it . 
  it was n't a movie about d-day , it was about an american unit . 
  to show british soldiers at omaha beach would have been inaccurate . 
  that u-571 movie was a travesty . 
  i feel like you guys think we feel that way far more than we actually do . 
  in ww1 we renamed sauerkraut `` liberty cabbage '' . 
  i never heard anyone do anything but groan and laugh at it . 
  i think it was just one little diner in south carolina or something . 
  it just got put on the news . 
  mayonnaise on fries is objectively wrong . 
  scientific fact . 
  the best is actually a mixture of ketchup and yellow mustard . 
  the sweetness of the ketchup cuts the bitterness of the mustard and its heavenly . 
  yeah . 
  maybe that lack of faith in the us will help put a damper on our interventionism - which is something of a silver lining . 
  one can hope . 
  too late . 
  the election did that nicely . 
  god . 
  and i thought re-electing bush was humiliating . 
  we 're never going to live this down . 
  a friend of mine put sugar in her wine when we were in paris . 
  i thought the waiter was going to cry . 
  i always introduce my friend from edinburgh as being from england . 
  its clearly a joke but she gets legitimately upset every single time . 
  i love it . 
  what kind of monster would eat pasta with ketchup ? 
  as a portlander , i have to give props to colorado beer . 
  doesnt every country have their own brands of shitty cheap beer ? 
  why do people assume that american beer = budweiser ? 
  on paper europe should win . 
  but i think it would come down to how unified europe is , as well as how willing the populace is to sustain heavy casualties in the cause of victory . 
  they would need one army , one strategy , and one chain of command . 
  if they dont have those things then i think russia would win . 
  i hope the fact that my country is in such a dark place helps cement the eu . 
  that would be some small solace . 
  my people electing that man president is absolutely humiliating and shameful and i dont think i can ever see my country in the same light - but thats what we did . 
  the world needs a strong and united europe more than it ever has before . 
  stalin apparently had given orders for konev and zhukov to fire on allied units if they seemed to be trying to conquer berlin before the soviets . 
  i dont know if a similar situation in prague would have prompted the same response , but there was legitimate worry of a war starting `` accidentally '' . 
  there were people on both sides of that issue . 
  some high ranking american generals like spaatz disagreed with the `` transportation plan '' and some british air marshalls wanted it . 
  its hard to say what the `` right thing to do '' was . 
  is it better to concentrate on the destruction of the enemy , saving the lives of your soldiers at the expense of the civilians so you can move the war zone out of france faster , thereby * saving * civilians ? 
  or is it better to try to fight the enemy in as light-handed a manner as possible , possibly sacrificing your soldiers in order to save civilian lives - but doing that runs the risk of fighting a drawn out normandy campaign in populated areas ? 
  i dont really have an opinion , but there are certainly valid reasons for both . 
  of course they are . 
  why wouldnt they ? 
  look at the fool we just elected . 
  we deserve all the flak and misfortunes that other countries can dish out . 
  so do i. 
  the eu is right here .
