  click on the ` system ' tab and choose the default terminal emulator from there . 
  picturing a half-sized house next to a giant garage just makes all the more hilarious . 
  the first pc i bought with my own money had ddr memory . 
  okay , i 'll go first . 
  any bar tending jobs going in wollongong ? 
  where should i apply ? 
  how should i apply ? 
  ca n't afford the rent ? 
  if you 're still using samsung sj series hard drives , it may be time to consider replacing them . 
  those things are quite old and it 's a testament to their quality that they 've lasted this long . 
  by the looks of it , your hard drive is dying of old age . 
  i recently had the same thing happen to my set of sjs . 
  did you buy the hdd new or used ? 
  it does n't have a lot of uptime hours on it , i had just assumed it was old because i bought mine in 2009 . 
  if you really want to upgrade , start with a solid state drive and go from there . 
  my advice would be to use the 512gb ssd as the operating system drive and the drive to install games on . 
  the 2tb drive should be used for storage and programs that do n't really need a lot of hard drive performance . 
  yeah , rage is a feeling amirite ? 
  some more of the story and a little background information to go with it : http://www.abc.net.au/triplej/programs/hack/brewery-bogged-down-in-bible-backlash/8347732, 
  never lost a paying customer . 
  shit , did n't know about that one . 
  there are some services out there that will sell updated bios chips for your motherboard model . 
  although by the looks of it , you might need some pretty good soldering skills to pull this one off on modern motherboards . 
  then you eat him to gain an extra perk . 
  yeah , good point . 
  even a stopped clock is right twice a day . 
  bad door seals ? 
  it 's also fucking terrifying . 
  or treasurer . 
  so crooked she has to screw her own socks on . 
  assume everyone around you is about to do something stupid . 
  also , the quickest way to tell if another car is moving is to look at the wheels . 
  are we sure the betoota advocate is satire anymore ? 
  * not satire . 
  and why does the ship hold 4000 units of fuel ? 
  short . 
  real fucking short . 
  sad part is people will probably fall for it , hook , line , sinker and half the fucking rod . 
  is the heatsink clamped down properly ? 
  net neutrality is unimportant . 
  see if the manufacturer has downloadable recovery media available . 
  try ~ ~ 30 ~ ~ 25 . 
  it 's a magic trick . 
  emphasis on the ` trick ' . 
  gah , so that 's how my hud disappeared the other day . 
  one of ? 
  yep , second this . 
  they can also give a nasty jolt even when unplugged . 
  some of the best bands i 've ever heard sing in finnish . 
  some of them are also metal bands . 
  this truly is the dankest timeline . 
  anton ? 
  it 's from silicon valley , one of the characters builds a bitcoin mining rig to use a server and he named it ` anton ' . 
  it was the first thing i thought of when i saw that photo of that etherium mine . 
  he said easy to read , not easy to pronounce . 
  i quit being an electrician a few years ago to study computer engineering and have n't looked back . 
  i study at wollongong and had to complete an access program to gain entry . 
  best thing i 've ever done in my life . 
  lol , i 'll keep that in mind . 
  862 - trevor valle, 
  one leg shorter than the other . 
  was deeply dissatisfied with my career as an electrician . 
  when the company i worked for started making people redundant , i took it . 
  during the 2 week notice period i enrolled at uni to do computer engineering . 
  started studying a few weeks after being made redundant . 
  it is n't going as well as i 'd like it to , but i 'm getting that degree even if it kills me . 
  ( i hope it does n't kill me though . ), 
  asked why we had a wicker toilet . 
  alpha brain, 
  `` abort '' . 
  thanks , bro . 
  if the operating system is the only serious problem you have , give linux a run for about a month and see if that works for you . 
  i replaced win10 with ubuntu mate on my e560 and could only be happier with it if the hybrid graphics worked properly . 
  some linux distros can be configured to look and feel like like osx without much trouble . 
  cheers cunt . 
  ~ ~ ransom ~ ~ reward, 
  both awesome and slightly terrifying . 
  sounds like a bourgeois talking point . 
  it tells linux not to load video drivers until the gui has started running , using the video card 's bios modes instead . 
  pretty common with nvidia cards . 
  now i 'm getting flashbacks . 
  thanks . 
  pretty sure they 're natural . 
  this one is way better . 
  carl of swindon, 
  sorry to hear that . 
  as a tradesman , i kinda get how that feels . 
  and my ~ ~ axe ~ ~ e560 . 
  had the exact same problem an an e560 with a radeon r7 m370 graphics card and windows 10 home . 
  had actually started to suspect the lenovo power management drivers as the cause but could n't prove it . 
  thanks . 
  i actually solved the problem a slightly different way : reformatted and installed ubuntu mate . 
  when i get a chance , i 'll give legacy boot a try . 
  a bigger one of these ? 
  dark . 
  until it gets old . 
  not everyone can be a sell-out . 
  not everyone can bend the knee . 
  no , they just do n't like paywave credit cards . 
  came for the rant , stayed for the rave .
