  every time i hear news about zeman , it has something to do with hitler . 
   huge do n't you mean yuge ? 
  i believe i saw some statoil petrol stations and narvesen kiosks ( both norwegian ) as well when i was in lithuania . 
  yes, 
  well , you could at least share some of it with us . 
  snow disappears here and suddenly show up in turkey ? 
  the russian birthrate is actually pretty high , but so is the death rate , although it 's getting better . 
  [ nato should now start playing the montenegrin national anthem from their attack helicopters to spread fear to the heart of their enemies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gptpjmdtofk ), 
  i love how everyone takes the bait . 
   vw emissions scandal was done on purpose to weaken turkey . 
  did he explain how ? 
  that sounds like it could be a very funny theory . 
  you did n't really read the article , did you ? 
  the best looking nordic city !, 
  also the best looking baltic city . 
  think of the children, 
  it 's the only term . 
  do we have to do one with north korea ? 
  never been to porto , but lisbon is one of my favourite cities . 
  i went there in december and really loved it . 
  la rambla was still packed with tourists , but i could could get lost in barri gotic and hardly see any other people . 
  northern or eastern imo, 
  most of the canadian medals comes from water based sports . 
  water is basically melted snow . 
   it 's gotten to the point where if you say you are proud to be from your nation then you are a fascist . 
  where exactly is this the case ? 
  i have never heard of any such thing in norway . 
  radicalise the moderates !, 
  boobs, 
  weird al yankovicski, 
  no , he means nikolai teslegaard . 
  italy has so many cool traditions !, 
  first rule og cheating : do n't get caught . 
  sure it will . 
  the article talked about the disappearance of butchers , bakers , restaurants , cafes and bars . 
  not the type of things you usually buy online . 
  pretty sure that 's the famous norwegian viking chief nils p\u00e5l bonde paulsen . 
  i know of a cat called stevens who is a muslim . 
  first rule of cheating : do n't get caught . 
  1 : put a coin in a cup . 
  2 : pour coffee in the cup until the coin is no longer visible . 
  3 : pour moonshine until the coin re-appears . 
  4 : drink, 
  i 've been to the part with hot foreigners . 
  that makes me a hot foreigner . 
  it 's some old decoration made from pipe cleaners and plastic . 
  [ get the fuck out of muh tree !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8byzuvp.jpg ) edit : took a picture of the whole thing too . 
  [ it 's more than a little crooked from this angle , but still nice . 
  the ticket is valid in finland !, 
  i remember reading somewhere that vikings had the same view . 
  maybe portugal should be the option next year ? 
  ** would someone please think of the children !, 
  they let me teach maths , so it 's clearly not that good . 
  better than sweden in every category . 
  i 'm beginning to like these pisa things . 
  i also have one , so make that 200 %, 
  orval, 
  dag . 
  it 's different from the ones mentioned , but it 's good stuff !, 
  i have a box of foreign currency from leftovers from when i 've been travelling . 
  i decided to count how much money was in it a couple of weeks ago and found a canadian coin !, 
  i 've never been to canada and have no idea how it got there . 
  lovley . 
  than you are clearly the source of the smell . 
  before the internet maybe . 
  you do n't have to rub it in man . 
  the map is from based on 2011 numbers . 
  not a very representative year for us . 
  i 've seen it posted a few times before . 
  he looked swedish, 
  haha . 
  what a silly thing to say . 
  ^ please ^ give ^ points, 
  it was like a pr agency had made a product best suited for the target demographic . 
  it was probably well made if you like that type of music , but the whole performance just annoyed me . 
  when the winner made his controversial little speech about how music should be about feeling , my mind immediately went to the swedish song . 
  a cynical , emotionless , slightly homo-erotic , corporate copy of justin timberlake . 
  nice speech, 
  best at being european, 
  ireland is now best friend, 
  i always thought the popular vote was more political than the jury . 
  seemes i was wrong . 
  jury voting seems very political, 
  thanks macron, 
  at least spain and germany are getting fucked, 
  yes, 
  belarus , france , hungary , moldova and romania, 
  yodel rap and ukranian folk synth ? 
  geralt of rivia is one of the dancers !, 
  the hitlerjugend, 
  he said that ? 
  does that mean i 'm as good as him ? 
  thanks merkel, 
  this girl is just absurdly beautiful . 
  aussie got beautiful eyes . 
  no homo . 
  sam the slayer !, 
  boobs, 
  what is going on here ?
