  coincidental , not ironic . 
  i have him tagged as ` idiot ' from some earlier post , so it seems to be a constant thing . 
  there is one in drammen, 
  the native girls could stay away from boys who treat them like shit . 
  they have a will of their own . 
  also , teenage boys says a lot of shit that they might regret later . 
  not saying this is n't bad , but it still does n't force native europeans to change their way of life . 
  invasive architecture ? 
  that is a thing now ? 
  i have been to switzerland and i can assure you that a lot of the building were inspired by architecture styles from other countries . 
  why is n't all of this happening in norway then ? 
  you talk like issues with immigration is all a hypothetical future situation . 
  here , only 43 % of minorities vote and those who do generally do n't vote for any ultra conservative party either . 
  i know several who vote for the main anti-immigration party , though most seem to prefer labour from what i 've seen . 
  labour is socially liberal , very far from conservative muslim ideology . 
  there are of course issues related to immigration , but i ca n't see how native europeans would have to change their way of life because of some immigrants . 
  and that have forced native europeans to change their way of life how ? 
  both banning cool towers and asking people to dress a certain way , but i do n't think this something you have to do . 
  my sister worked at a mall where they stopped playing christmas music because of muslims despite receiving 0 complaints from actual muslims . 
  there have been similar cases at some schools and kindergartens as well . 
  there were no muslims complaining , but some condescending racists wanted to show everyone how not racist they were by removing traditions . 
  the vast majority of people have not had to change anything . 
  i still do n't see how that would force any native europeans to change their way of life . 
  [ me in the future ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gghqvla.jpg ), 
  the what now ? 
  where have pointy towers been banned ? 
  i have n't heard of any change in dress codes either . 
  in what ways would people have to change their way of life ? 
  i just felt sorry for her :(, 
  why would anyone have to change their way of life ? 
  could you not come up with a more relevant analogy ? 
   we believe that you have forsaken european values ( which were based on christianity ) so the countries that wants to help people in ( various degrees of ) need are the ones who have forsaken christian values ? 
  you might want to re-read the new testament . 
  the media has been talking about the gulf states not accepting refugees non-stop for days ... 
  i know a few people who call themselves muslims despite being about as muslim as i am . 
  meh ... landscape to boring and language to ugly . 
  is n't that the queens job ? 
  welcome , 
  1st : poles - do many job for cheap . 
  drive like idiots . 
  hobbies include smuggling and other types of petty crime . 
  2nd : swedes - like the poles , but their men look like women , they can drive and do n't do so much crime 3rd : sami - drunken reindeer herders with funny clothes . 
  likes to fight . 
  like all stereotypes these are all 100 % accurate . 
  reading this makes me glad i visited barcelona in december . 
  there were still a lot of tourists , but it was n't to bad . 
  barcelona has a lot to offer those different kinds of tourists . 
  have a non tomato option . 
  shut up chad . 
  the people who were killed was living in the host country , so the government should work to keep them safe no matter where they were born . 
  does it matter ? 
  ~ ~ re ~ ~ move kebab !, 
  i 'm sure the people of istanbul would love the irish climate . 
  parroting a stereotype of course . 
  it 's a map of best selling , not best stolen . 
  if everyone goes there to party , would n't that make the nightlife better ? 
  it was great !, 
  was n't as crowded as i would assume it gets in summer . 
  i was in barcelona in december . 
  you 're welcome . 
  switzerland , norway and iceland are all there . 
  it was n't shitty before the soviets ruined it . 
  we 're better than sweden . 
  i consider this a victory . 
  i think her dress had black sides with a black background, 
  god damn 7 , sweden ? 
  three points denmark !? 
  boobs, 
  good work !, 
  come on serbia , give some love to crna gora !, 
  12 from moldova to romania !, 
  knew it . 
  i might be the only person who did n't hate that , but it 's still not worth it . 
  albania, 
  dat hostess, 
  well , that was easy !, 
  voting for albania ? 
  ... or you 're really bad with money . 
  better than armenia ... 
  done, 
  scunthorpe hopefully, 
  feels like i 'm being strangled by pasta !, 
  boobs, 
  when all world is russia there will be peace !, 
  sometime people make a war, 
  native language and native sounding of music ? 
  that 's at least two votes from me, 
  4 decent songs in a row ? 
  they could return to their rightful rulers . 
  that seems to be a trend . 
  every time i see a fat person at the grocery store here in norway , they buy a mountain of pepsi max . 
  7 euros sounds like a bargain to me . 
  [ easiest choice ever ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xedil3soky8 ), 
  it became a default sub for all new european redditors, 
  ha we 're not number one !, 
  i know a few . 
  gloomy , drunken , potato loving catholics . 
  perfect fit !, 
  in the first pub i went to in prague there were a couple of guys openly rolling joints at their table . 
  oh , they are all over the place , but they usually do n't travel in large packs from my experience .
