i 'm afraid i do not have that power at all , you overestimate my importance . 
  since greece can not repay its debt , much of that debt will have to go away somehow . 
  greece ca n't devalue its currency to do that , because it joined the euro and everyone , including the germans , should have been aware of that . 
  after all the blame has gone around , the people in athens have two options now , either default on their national debt , or negotiate for something better than that with the rest of the euro zone . 
  even in negotiations , much of that debt will have to be forgiven . 
  as i understand it , and again i am not included in all private councils at the top of the eu , governments understand this . 
  thing is , politicians ca n't always say what they know to be true . 
  the germans have shown that you can not fix a regional economy , if you only hand over money . 
  that is what they tried for almost fifteen years with the former ddr and it did n't work out so well . 
  what needs to happen is that the greeks reform their economy and state , so that their society becomes more productive . 
  what also needs to happen is that the public in the rest of the eu does n't feel they got ripped off . 
  both of those goals are achieved by the repetitions of high drama around the debt relief negotiations . 
  in the end , i think that a reforming greece will find that the debt burden will be relieved , quietly when the public is paying attention to something else . 
  probably not all of the debt , by the nature of negotiation , it will likely be more than the greeks want and less than the creditors want , but something everyone can live with . 
  ultimately no greek government is going to have the electoral mandate to place its whole population in debt peonage for decades . 
  some of that debt will have to go unpaid eventually , but god is gracious to our politicians so they will not have to admit that for years . 
   do these refugees wants to come here ? 
  that is the real question and to be honest , if they have a choice , i doubt it . 
  the thing is that a giant inflow of migrants places a strain on society and the more of them arrive at the same location at the same moment , the higher that burden . 
  if we all want to keep livable cities , then those refugees will have to be dispersed at first . 
  the easiest way to do that is to place a few of them in each eu country . 
  someone who makes it through the procedure and qualifies as a refugee will eventually get the same rights as every other citizen of an eu nation . 
  that includes the right to live and work freely in the whole schengen zone , so after some time they will be entirely free to leave lithuania and go live in france or germany if they want that . 
  if the only other option is that we have solidarity when it suits the eastern eu nations and no solidarity when it does n't , then the eu is dead already . 
  all that is happening in that case is that we stop pretending that there 's something that does n't exist . 
  why should taxpayers in denmark or the netherlands help the eu fund projects in poland if they are not willing to give anything back ? 
  if the whole rationale for polish , croatian or hungary eu membership is that it will allow those states to make a profit , then we are better off cutting our loses now and continuing our multi national project with fewer countries . 
  this ca n't be a giant union of wealth transfer only operating on conditions that benefit the poorer members . 
  if the eu is going to work , if it ever even lived at all , this needs to be a project with trans national solidarity between the member states . 
  otherwise we 're just handing out money until the first donor walks away . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  with people in a desperate situation , they help by providing refugees with shelter . 
  when the situation goes on for a longer time , they start looking for a longer term solution . 
  both the turkish government and the refugees think that things would improve if some of them made it to the eu . 
  the only people who are being unreasonable are those who expected anything else . 
  and much like austria back then , turkey is trying to resettle them now . 
  because other countries wo n't cooperate , they do it a bit more surreptitiously . 
  do you really think the turkish government could n't stop people from fleeing to greece , if they wanted to ? 
   auschwitz i looks like you will have to go to kattowice for the closest university to [ o\u015bwi\u0119cim ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b4/pl-uczelnie.png/625px-pl-uczelnie.png ) . 
  also it seems that the people there prefer the polish name for their town . 
  you need to look a bit closer . 
  there are two kinds of muslims in the netherlands , those who came as guest workers in the sixties and seventies and refugees . 
  for refugees , who are mainly from iran , afghanistan , iraq and somalis , the situation is a lot better . 
  more of their children get more education , even at universities , they are less likely to be involved in crime , and more likely to be employed . 
  that shows the difference planning on the part of the receiving country makes . 
  when the dutch government actively pursues a policy to help new arrivals manage , it does work . 
  at the same time we get all sorts of trouble when we let the new arrivals figure everything out on their own . 
   that 's easily 20 million in 10 years if it continues at a flat fucking rate but there is every reason to believe it will increase the more welcoming we are . 
  because the problems with the migrants will be worse the less welcoming we are . 
  if we do n't find ways to regulate the migrant flow , they will cause more problems . 
  we need to disperse them , keep them from forming ghettos , keep them from forming a vulnerable underclass that can not find legal work , protect them from criminals and other elements dangerous to society , in short we need to integrate them . 
  we you are proposing is a trade off , we do everything we can to reduce the number of people who make it to our cities , by doing so we will force those migrants that do make it to europe to go into the illegality . 
  i just happen to think that will increase the net burden on society , there will be fewer of them , but each one we do get will be more trouble to deal with . 
  combine that with the need to do some pretty inhumane things to keep the immigrants out and we have a clear winner here . 
   they are not `` solving '' anything these refugees are fleeing war and heinous poverty , they are risking their lives for this journey , they are not going to be deterred by the threat of a european jail . 
  we ca n't stop them from leaving their home countries . 
  even giving it a good go would involve a level of brutality we have worked very hard to get rid off . 
  since the people are coming , all we can do is deal with that . 
  the people of italy , greece and the balkans are not going to keep all the refugees who make it to their shores . 
  the people there do n't want to have them , the refugees do n't want to stay there . 
  the refugees will make it to the other countries of the eu , whether we make rules to allow for that or not . 
  all more permissive rules will achieve is that it will be easier to deal with the new migrants . 
  instead of hiding from all officialdom in their need to remain hidden , welfare and healthcare can be provided to the immigrants/refugees and asylum seekers . 
  we can police them and try to figure out who they are . 
  we can keep them from living on the streets and making areas unsafe . 
  it will even be easier to send those who we do n't want back to their country of origin , even if it is likely they will just try to make it to europe again . 
  it is improbable that all the the refugees will leave . 
  the longer this mess in syria goes on , the more people will stay . 
  since we ca n't stop them from coming and it would be inhumane to do so , we need to figure out ways to deal with some of them staying for good . 
  as long as we admit these refugees are in europe to stay and we make policies based on that fact , we can deal with most of the consequences . 
  that is what we need , in combination with a program that makes it easy and relatively risk free to go back the country of origin , should the migrants want to . 
  the main problem is in the countries the migrants went to . 
  this shift from poor traditional farming backgrounds to cities happened before , most europeans did that barely a generation before the first turkish , moroccan and other economic migrants arrived . 
  people could have known what would be needed to help the migrants adjust to city life , nobody did that . 
  government could have made plans , worked on ideas and attempted to deal with the issues due to this adjustment . 
  instead they ignored it as long as they could . 
  at the same time , in turkey there must also be lots of kurds making the shift from a traditional way of life to the new life of the city . 
  since there are more kurds in turkey and it is clear to everyone they are going to stay , people are dealing with those issues . 
  it is hard , it is always imperfect , but as long as society tries to deal with the complications , eventually most issues can be dealt with . 
  we know how , all western societies have dealt with these issues at least once , most of them more than that . 
  just like turkey today , they had populations that were already integrated into the global market economy and city life when a group of poor people from the hinterland was still living the traditional life . 
  perhaps you could find your own german and aid in this eu improvement project ? 
  there are differences in the average frequency of some fragments of dna that correlate to geographic location , sure . 
  but why is that interesting ? 
  you can not make a simple rule that ascribes one particular ethnic identity to someone with a particular gene , or even set of genes . 
  beyond that , there is no inherent rule to the amount of variation that makes one ethnicity . 
  we can only do it the other way around , starting with the ethnic group and then assigning a range dna variation to that , but that just shows there is some correlation nothing more . 
  what you have right now is that the genetic variation of a population ( which has something to do with geographic spread and location ) correlates to nationality ( which also has something to do with geographic spread and location ) . 
  this might as well mean that people who live close to each other tend to be more related , also people who live close to each other tend to be in the same nation . 
  that is not the same as some sort prehistoric ancestry group that has joined forces to express itself again in the modern age . 
  it does n't explain why borders are in the places they are . 
  it depends a bit on what you mean by existence . 
  there is no strict genetic or genealogical condition which can be used to describe an ethnic group , but people are assumed to be born into it . 
  an ethnicity can be ` imagined ' , in the sense that if enough people start believing it exists and act on that believe , then the ethnicity is real in a political sense . 
  this political sense is the important one in daily live , it allows people to form a group around an ethnic identity and exert power as a joined force , but that does n't make an ethnicity as real as a law of nature or a proof in mathematics . 
  while i understand that deaths of those who are in good health are a personal tragedy , i do wonder how bad that number is for the state . 
  i mean in germany the number of traffic related deaths per year is ~ 3400 and they can keep on having traffic forever . 
  by this very crude approximation i would guess that ukraine can deal with this casualty rate and continue the war indefinitely . 
   so turkey should ignore , two of his police officers being killed in their sleep at home ? 
  do you even realize how dumb your suggestion is ?
