  do you realize how unproductive it is to insult people you are trying to persuade ? 
  but anyway , believe it or not , countries can deal with the murder of two police officers in many ways . 
  for example they can launch police investigations , they could pressure the pkk to surrender the attackers and disavow their deeds , they could even to the american thing and make special forces jump from helicopters and kill them in their hiding spot . 
  all of these options were there , none of them would have ended the peace process as conclusively as the current bombing campaign has . 
  it does take two to tango , and from the looks of it , the turkish side was not overly concerned about the peace negotiations . 
  by waiting a few more months and at least pretending to try something short of an all out conflict they could have kept international support . 
  instead the military and a caretaker government made some shady decision that might turn out very well for erdogan in the next elections . 
  no i did n't say that . 
  this is n't about the right to terrorize , this is about the reality of a conflict . 
  this current flare up with the pkk is a conflict of choice , they could have chosen to ignore the most recent provocations , they did n't . 
  when the bombing of pkk fighters started the people who run the turkish security establishment chose to end the peace process . 
  once you stop a peace process , you do have to assume that the situation from before the peace process started reappears . 
  the generals and other security men who decided to strike at the pkk should have known their own ability do defend turkey and have had an inkling about the pkk 's ability to terrorize the turkish public . 
  they should have known that the pkk could do damage . 
  unless you are claiming those people are entirely incompetent , they must have made the decision that the long term gains would out weigh the damage those attacks they triggered are doing now . 
  as such it is a turkish war to win and to explain to history why it was worth it . 
  even more so , as they chose by their very timing to take some pressure of isis . 
  a new front for the pkk means that they ca n't devote as many resources to fighting isis . 
  even the turkish army ca n't will have less manpower available for isis since the increased threat from the pkk draws some of their power away too . 
  i do n't quite follow your comment . 
  i agree that the circumstances around the start of this newest confrontation are strange and could impact the prospects of the hdp , but i do n't see how any of that makes it more credible that the pkk is the bigger threat to turkey . 
  it was a choice to answer this provocation of the first pkk attacks the way the turkish military did . 
  if the pkk was moving against the hdp , i do not understand why the turkish armed forces should help them with that . 
   its been more than 40 days since the suruc bombing and more than 40 soldiers/cops have died . 
  some of them were out of duty or with their family . 
  multiple car bombs and roadside mines have been detonated . 
  multiple civilian cars were burned . 
  constructions machines destroyed . 
  closed major roads by bringing down electric lines which supply the very electric `` their '' people need . 
  there were peace negotiations with the pkk , now instead there is bombing of the pkk . 
  terrorism is what happens after you stop peace negotiations with a terrorist organization . 
  you ca n't tell me this was not expected . 
  it is the logical outcome of the military policy and that policy was freely chosen . 
  your leadership made a decision to attack the pkk now , accept that there would be attacks as a consequence and i assume it is going for a longer term victory . 
  perhaps that will involve the stopping of pkk terrorism , perhaps it will be something else , a shift in the security situation that makes it easier for erdogan to end your democracy . 
  it does n't seem to be beyond him . 
  it seems very likely that the kurds in turkey will change their view of erdogan after the increase in terrorism and the air strikes on the pkk . 
  that should shift 2 % of the voting public in some direction . 
  as a fellow country man i do n't know what / u/glennznl is talking about . 
  there are counties and provinces ruled by coalitions including the dutch socialist party ( sp ) and our whole country has been rules by coalitions controlled by the dutch workers party ( pvda ) . 
  while the netherlands are not perfect , they are far from a hell hole . 
  a little bit of solidarity is good , too much is bad , each society should be trying figure out what level of redistribution is best for it . 
  not once in a grand and final debate , but continuously on every level and in every community . 
  i might be demanding , but i feel that a well handled issue should n't be a problem anymore . 
  that means that this list has to be limited to the badly handled issues , and thus that the answer is obvious . 
  in short this is meaningless . 
  if you want to evaluate the performance of the eu , then the pertinent question is if these issues would have been handled any better without an eu . 
  that was n't asked , and if we 're being honest , nobody knows the answer to that one . 
  and whole villages in bangladesh or india could save starving children 's lives with that kind of money . 
  what history shows is that people need to be able to keep what they already have , no matter what regime happens to rule over them . 
  otherwise the kind of people who do n't care about legalities will end up having everything . 
  really ? 
  is it ? 
  a boycott always does senseless damage . 
  the sanctions we have against russia right now probably make it harder finance movies about the plight of disabled russian children too . 
  that is just what a suspension of trade does and every time an exception is made the political power of the tool diminishes . 
  if the settlement policies of the israeli government are going to be stopped that will require outside pressure . 
  the people there wo n't do it . 
  while the palestinian side is dependent on eu aid , there is no way for europeans to exert pressure on israel , except for a boycott . 
  is it really anti semitic to try to get better policies out off the israeli gocernment in the only way none american foreigners can ? 
  no it 's not a moot point . 
  we will want other states to give up their nuclear arms in the future . 
  crimea proved that a piece of paper is n't worth anything . 
  the next time a nuclear state breaks up , what can be said to the pieces that remain . 
  a little region of pakistan ? 
  some break away region in the caucasus ? 
  in the long rung nuclear proliferation and mad are little more than a joined suicide pact and the failure to intervene in ukraine just took away one of the ways we have out of it . 
  but what about all those gender neutral babies ? 
  i think they have some big refineries in rotterdam . 
  crude from all over the world is shipped there and then they can use their large scale operation to make the refining work without having any substantial oil reserves . 
  if you want to be like that , you can do worse . 
  in lots of countries the unemployed are defined as those who are looking for work , but ca n't find any . 
  so if enough people stop looking for work that will lower the unemployment rate . 
  london is the obvious site to dump all the world 's toxic waste . 
  1 . it 's easily accessible over water 2 . it 's shit already . 
  3 . nobody likes it 4 . 
  all the nasty rich people of the world live there . 
   kinyarwanda are you of rwandan descent ? 
  or did you learn kinyarwanda as a second language ? 
  how did you get that age ? 
  most sea level records i could find for the holocene are from one location , not some nice big integrated database of sea level changes since the lgm . 
  the best i could find was a [ record of the dutch coast ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fqaeqwh.jpg ) that covers 4.7 kyr bc , or 6.7 kyr bp . 
  on that record i ca n't see any drastic change in the sea level rise . 
  because the companies who want to protect their copyright are willing and able to throw more money at the problem . 
  ( _ ) you are one of them are n't you !, 
  nah i just needed to eat something , my blood sugar and nationalism are good now . 
  it 's so good that all the people who like it keep it a secret ? 
  as a european i think you really have [ a point ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/press_freedom_index#cite_note-4 ) . 
  when we measure freedom of expression all eu member states , except for malta and italy , score better than the usa . 
  if we do n't watch ourselves one day we might be even less free than you . 
  it is inevitable that the eu would have run into this problem . 
  to pull this super national integration program off , we need a very diverse group of voters to agree with it . 
  at some point someone would have said enough is enough . 
  the uk might be the first nation to hit that point , but there would have been others . 
  right now , how much more power are hungary or poland are willing to send to brussels ? 
  or sweden and denmark for that matter . 
  the eu would have had to deal with this issue one day , it might as well be now with the uk . 
  in the end a democratic nation can only integrate as far as the electorate is willing to countenance . 
  it will be sad if the uk leaves the eu , it will cost money and shrink the power of the eu , but both the uk and the eu can probably go on to prosper after a separation . 
  with only a vague knowledge of hungarian politics , to me it looks like that country might sink bank into dictatorship without the eu institutions there to keep an eye on things .
