  the possibility of brexit is far from the worst trial case for leaving the union if it comes to that . 
  did either / u/userdx2a or you two put money on that guess ? 
  if not then why not ? 
  if you 're right about things like these you can make money . 
  in hong kong you might be allowed to vote for one in a group of men picked by the ccp , one day . 
  most of china is not hong kong though , and even this limited democracy might never happen . 
  there are some village level elections in the provinces , but the people elected in that way have no power . 
  there are internal elections in the ccp at the highest level , those are open to all party members who can attract the votes . 
  the most undemocratic about those elections is that there can be serious consequences if you voted the wrong way . 
  the people have to power to protest in china when they are discontented . 
  if they mobilize enough manpower to their cause , they usually get at least a part of what they want . 
  it is not uncommon for the leaders of such protests to be jailed , no matter the outcome of the protests . 
  so i 'm afraid the the most populous country on earth , the place where more of our fellow humans live than anywhere else , is not as democratic as iran . 
   if they somehow block the agreement america will watch as companies from other countries make money instead of american ones . 
  with most of the sanctions gone it wo n't matter as much if america keeps them up . 
  if the congress blocks the deal , we might achieve exactly nothing though , since the iranians might still be able to continue their nuclear weapons program without the international inspections that are agreed on in the deal with iran . 
  might it be the case that the official data do not contain an accurate accounting of all streams of income . 
  that these under reported incomes form a non-negligible fraction of all incomes in apulia . 
  that the if one really cared to look at the situation closely , it would become quite apparent that the official numbers are wanting in a certain connection to reality . 
  it is of great comfort to all of us non american citizens that our rights ca n't be violated by nsa cooperation with usa tech companies , since we do n't have any rights in the usa . 
  the only difference between the us system and the french one is for domestic internet users , for many many internet services domestic users are a minority of the consumers . 
  we either need leaders who do n't want to have complete surveillance , or we need more encryption and anonymization in the infrastructure . 
  but for the ukrainian shooting the guilty parties are n't the people who pressed the button . 
  all they did was fight a war , which while being murderous and stupid , is not a crime . 
  someone in the russian defense establishment decided that they could provide this anti aircraft system to the separatists without giving them the systems needed to distinguish civilian from military aircraft . 
  that is one half of the problem . 
  the other half is that people decided to fly over a warzone . 
  we do n't pay attention to conflicts far away among people we 've barely heard about , that is dangerous when you 're flying over areas where people are fighting . 
  someone should have been more careful with the lives of nearly 300 and have mandated a different route . 
  the russians ca n't give up the people from their defense establishment . 
  they are operating covertly in ukraine right now . 
  that is their strategy in war , which has to be beyond the reach of courts . 
  an international investigation is not compatible with that strategy . 
  so those people will go free . 
  that leaves the people responsible for the route , they are dutch or malaysian , we do n't need a un mandate to persecute either of those . 
  so i do n't see what is different now . 
  i ca n't wait for the trial of the rwandans who shot down the plane with their own president . 
  thereby triggering the rwandan genocide and starting the process that would lead to congo 's civil war . 
  those people are guilty of several million dead . 
  it is embarrassing for the russians . 
  it makes their narrative involving ukrainian missiles or a ukrainian fighter even less credible . 
  that explains why the coast of europe is warmer than the west american coast , but that is only a part of the story . 
  if you look at the article your link points to you will see this [ figure ] ( http://www.americanscientist.org/include/popup_fullimage.aspx?key=hblaej1xhfiex9fv/xhxamcqpagd1c2z ) . 
  that shows that in january all western coasts of continents on the northern hemisphere are considerably warmer . 
  that is because the earth turns and this causes the predominant winds at mid latitudes to be from west to east . 
  something flowing from west to east on the northern hemisphere will move towards the north as well because of the coriolis effect . 
  that northward movement of water transports tropical warmth energy towards the polar regions of coast along the eastern edge of a basin . 
  in sixteenth century antwerp you could probably buy a better map of the north sea region than whatever was the input for this one . 
  the problem might have been that very very few people who had been to england also made it to ottoman courts . 
  i think all forms of celestial navigation must impart a sense of the shape of the earth . 
  the positions of the stars and the movement of the sun do n't make sense otherwise . 
  that knowledge is enough to make an attempt at projection . 
  so i think there must have been people who had a go at it . 
  i suspect all those lines and the various compasses you see on the ottoman map are involved with that . 
  i do n't know either . 
  there are other oddities to the map though . 
  the cartographer did get scandinavia wrong , and england . 
  strangely the red sea also seems a bit off , though that was much closer to istanbul and tied into the muslim trade network . 
  add to that the weird style that was used on the coastlines and you have a confusing map for the modern eye . 
  i think [ the projection ] ( http://hosting.soonet.ca/eliris/remotesensing/lectureimages/projections.gif ) that the ottoman cartographer had in mind is slightly different from the one the modern map maker used . 
  putting one map on top of another is n't as simple as finding one point that is on both maps and then rotating it . 
  you need to stretch and squeeze one of them if the projections are n't the same . 
  this might just fix most of the greek problems all the way west to the eastern spanish coastline . 
  i do n't know what it is but there 's something about hollande 's name that i like . 
  ca n't quite put my finger on it . 
  after a while you do actually get used to them . 
  i think even my body got better at dealing with the bites after the first couple of weeks , with less itchiness and less swelling . 
  it 'd be nice for the weather . 
  i mean the mazury is pretty now , but imagine if it had summers like greece . 
  i disagree . 
  those are not the most interesting things in life to me . 
  we should cooperate wherever a joined eu can make better policy than any single nation can . 
  to me that means foreign policy , fundamental research , protection of human rights , and protection of the environment . 
  i appreciate that it is good for everyone if business people can grow the economy , but that is not the stuff i aspire to , nor what captures my imagination . 
  let trade be of secondary concern to the union and let 's focus on getting the russians out of ukraine . 
  try to get the syrians to stop killing each other . 
  to make the world deal with climate change in a realistic manner , since the americans ca n't even elect leaders who believe in it . 
  there are so many matters that are more interesting than a bit more trade , why is that what you care about ? 
  i think that smaller non-eurozone countries with strong economic ties to the eurozone will get dragged along in whatever choices the eurozone makes . 
  on certain issues the czechs or hungarians will not even get a word in , but it will touch on their interests . 
  domestic internet companies might help fight the foreign surveillance , but since it will make domestic surveillance even easier it wo n't do much good when it comes to our freedoms . 
  to do that we the people of europe will have to elect leaders who do n't feel the need to read everyone 's emails and listen to all of their calls etc. 
  still i am not so sure it would take that much to spawn european internet companies . 
  the things necessary to make a new internet company are largely present in europe , there are smart and tech savvy entrepreneurs , there is the infrastructure that is necessary , there even is enough money floating about to finance start ups . 
  the main problem so far has been the lack of scale . 
  with enough economic integration , which the greece thing might actually bring in its wake , the internal market will finally be big enough to allow for companies on the american scale to get their start in europe . 
  then the only issue is the language barriers , but outside of the english speaking market those will have to be dealt with anyways . 
  so once something can spread across the eu , it should in theory not just be ready for the rich world 's internet , but also to make native language versions for the asian and latin american markets . 
  as a full-time taco , could you enlighten me on the issue of taco naming ? 
  what exactly is the difference between tacos , burritos , tortillas , and wraps ? 
  if you were so inclined i would also appreciate it if you told which one of these is best . 
  no they were looking at who was sending money to whom , taco . 
  this can be interesting information in a world where most services require payment . 
  but international satellite communications and phone calls did . 
  that too is it and there too there was a very large american presence . 
  * while we 're at it let 's not forget international money transfers , which are arranged by large banks many these are american too . 
   devaluation just helps to hide problems a few more months or years . 
  i 'm pretty sure it also helps transfer wealth from the unsophisticated poor to the financially savvy . 
  look at paris . 
  it is one node , but in reality the metropolitan area is comparable london or milan .
