  i 'd love to read all your impressions and point of views !, 
  everything , from diets to exercise , i 'm interested in knowing what has worked for you and give some of your experience a shot . 
  i 'm trying to lose about 15 pounds . 
  all your advice is greatly appreciated !, 
  so , this is my last resort , and i have seen the powers of this subreddit time and time again . 
  when i was in the 6th or 7th grade i participated in the wizard of oz musical my school put together . 
  till this day i remember a song that somehow went like this : `` omaha !, 
  and that 's why we ( or he ) are ( is ) here . 
  i juggled rubber balls , and _____ china dolls '' . 
  that 's all i remember . 
  every google ( i even tried bing , desperate times ) search i have done has proven to be fruitless . 
  you guys are all my last hope before the office friends think i made this up , or am crazy . 
  i 'm currently renting a room with my cousins in houston , as i have recently moved in from athens , greece . 
  i pay $ 350/month for just a medium sized room . 
  no bills or anything else of that nature ; besides i 'm barely ever there and i just use the room for sleep , and showers etc. 
  i 'll be visiting greece for 17 days , and i proposed that since i 'll be out for more than a month , that i pay half the rent for that month . 
  they quickly declined the offer . 
  had i not been renting the room from them , it would have simply been empty . 
  advice is needed . 
  am i being unreasonable ? 
  are they ? 
  does anyone have any idea what this font is ? 
  i suspect the bottom one is different from the top one . 
  i 'm trying to copy it so i can produce it for a kid 's party . 
  i would appreciate any and all help fellow reditters !, 
  as the title states , i messed up on the june lsat . 
  i did self study , did n't do my pt 's right ( i would get anywhere between a 161 and 171 ) , and ultimately freaked out from anxiety on the real thing . 
  i 'm looking to score better than my 151 . 
  i 'm looking to hit a good 165 + . 
  need to greatly improve on lg , not doing bad at all on the lr and rc . 
  could use some improvement on those , i reckon . 
  would it be best to take the october lsat , or push for the december lsat ? 
  i do plan on taking a course this time . 
  please share and and all wisdom , i would greatly appreciate it . 
  hey all , a quick question :, 
  so i just completed my 7sage prepping three days ago , and i took 3 preptests ranging in scores from 159-166 ( which are fine for me , as long as i break into the 160 's ) . 
  however , when i took pt 75 i bombed it . 
  the questions and subsequent answers on lr seem far more discrete in differences , and much harder than previous pt 's . 
  is this something i alone have noticed on pt75 , or is this a general for this pt ? 
  thanks all !, 
  [ removed ], 
  t-mobile htc m8 desperately waiting for the marshmallow update . 
  anyone have the slightest idea of when ? 
  i was hopeful after we received that small one . 
  ugh , very frustrated . 
  thanks !, 
  posing this from houston ; i say this because we have had no storms , or bad weather . 
  amazon 2 day shipping has been rare for me and most others i know . 
  it has also been requesting to charge an extra $ 9 for saturday delivery . 
  i 'm fine with 3 day delivery , if that 's what it is now . 
  just do n't claim 2 days when it 's the exception , and not the rule . 
  [ removed ], 
  they originally had said 1/25 , and when they missed that , no word . 
  really looking to get the priv ( albeit no fingerprint scanner :( ) , and heard it ought to get a price cut . 
  anyone have any intel on that ? 
  you guys are the best !, 
  i read somewhere but i ca n't find the source that the black model was said to feel a little cheaper than the silver model of the htc 10 . 
  does anyone have any idea if this is the case , and why ? 
  thank !, 
  decided to take the plunge this weekend and order with the -100 discount code . 
  none of the two codes seem to work at all , even though the option to add a discount code is one the website . 
  any ideas from anyone ? 
  hey guys !, 
  does anyone know if the dac on the htc 10 will output high res audio to bluetooth devices as well , or is this only an aux cable feature ? 
  i do n't seem to be able to find anything online about this . 
  also , does anyone have any idea what sort of glass or plastic did they use this time for the camera lenses ? 
  hopefully it is sapphire . 
  thanks , guys !, 
  does anyone have any idea how to make good gyro pork meat at home ? 
  all the greek places in houston a weird version of gyro , which is often baked , and made of lamb and beef . 
  it 's pretty disgusting . 
  thank you all for your help !, 
  so : for whatever reason capital one declined my order the first time htc tried to process it . 
  i immediately rectified the issue within minutes . 
  my order status say i am ready to be fulfilled . 
  do you think i may have been pushed to the end of the line ? 
  thanks , guys !, 
  i 'm so worried . 
  the front camera on the htc 10 is fuzzy when used with snapchat ( and only that so far ) . 
  any idea on a fix , or specific update ? 
  does anyone know if snapchat knows ? 
  hello to my favorite subreddit to stalk !, 
  i have a question that i seemingly can not answer clearly on the tmo site : are there currently any deals for family policies for 3 people ? 
  would love to join my dad 's account . 
  thanks , guys !, 
  edit : i 'm in houston , texas if that helps, 
  hey there all ,, 
  sorry to stop and likely ask a question you 've all probably heard many times , and sorry if i come across as ignorant - i know little of the topic . 
  i recently did a dna test with ancestrybydna , and found a 9 % sub saharan result , with a 91 % european result . 
  as far as i know , my entire family ought to be european , with perhaps some arab influence . 
  none of my family through my gg grandparents were black/sub saharan . 
  where can this 9 % come from ? 
  again , my family has always mainly every only been in greece , or anatolia . 
  any ideas ? 
  i was quite surprised and curious !, 
  sadly , on my father 's side i do n't have more information than the gg grandparents . 
  on my mother 's out history goes through 1818 . 
  no sub saharan there . 
  thanks guys !, 
  sorry again for this .
