  i often read your comments and i brush over them . 
  this one was too tough . 
  lots of love from houston , texas . 
  greek americans that ca n't even speak the language make me so angry . 
  they have a disproportional `` patriotism '' , and their knowledge of greece extends onto `` gyro !, 
  '' , `` ouzo !, 
  '' , and `` opa ! '' . 
  some may be able to say \u03ba\u03b1\u03bb\u03b7\u03bc\u03ad\u03c1\u03b1 . 
  this is awesome !, 
  how did you get it to do this ? 
  not working for me . 
  still not compatible it seems with the nexus player , and even though my samsung tv is top of the line , and has casting abilities , it does not apparently support `` chromecast built in '' . 
  as of this morning , not on mine . 
  it seems all android tv devices have not received some relevant update yet . 
  just working on chromecasts , and chromecasts built in tot he tv . 
  android tv is not compatible just yet . 
  only chromecast , and some android televisions . 
  your sony bravia should work i think . 
  i have both . 
  google home on level 10 is just loud enough . 
  amazon echo is so loud on level 10 , my neighbors would not be happy . 
  that 's not true . 
  only certain phones allowed that in the past . 
  every htc , samsung , and lg does not allow for customization . 
  you did n't know it because it is not true . 
  this update causes my sd card to randomly claim it has been removed . 
  it 's rather annoying . 
  you are wrong , and very ungrateful . 
  hundreds of thousands of greeks send money to greece via ahepa organizations in america , or participate in other such charity work for greece . 
  from paying for public schools , to basic food needs , greek-americans support greece heavily . 
  let alone the amount of money they leave behind when they visit greece in the summer . 
  if you disagree with me , show me some data . 
  i , on the other hand , can show you data , personal checks written , and participation in greek-american funded charities for the support of greece . 
  otherwise , you 're just stating your ignorant opinion . 
  who cares who says what ? 
  while greek-americans worked hard for their money and success , most greeks were trying to work in the public sector and voting for specific parties in exchange for specific favors . 
  i lived in greece for many years before i returned to the u.s. , and the situation in greece is a joke . 
  greeks are highly conspiracy theory believers , and will never attempt to take on the blame they deserve . 
  do you know how many times greece has attempted to do a `` ktimatologio '' ?!, 
  do you know why it always fails ? 
  because greeks make it fail . 
  they do n't want the government to tax them properly . 
  you are right . 
  i was called a `` xazo amerikanaki '' hundreds of times in greece . 
  funny , it is n't me that is now living in a broke country that voted in a communist twice , is it ? 
  i guess the xaza amerikanakia know how to run a country . 
  yeah , i mean what the hell ? 
  americans on an american site , talking about another american company that released an app in america ( and the rest of the world ) , dare not have perspective on how germany might use allow ? 
  such disgust . 
  interesting . 
  the controllers say they are connected , and so do the towers . 
  the computer does n't realize this to be true , nor does it see that the headset is connected either . 
  when connected , the headset acts like a glorified screen of some sort . 
  are you connecting to a desktop ? 
  i think desktops do n't have the issue of the card actually connecting to the intel graphics card . 
  more than once . 
  i even tried to reconnect it multiple times , same old . 
  yup , that chip is the intel hd graphics , which is embedded onto the motherboard of the laptop . 
  the hdmi port connects directly onto that . 
  that must be it . 
  meh , that sucks . 
  i 'll have to be a little patient !, 
  sorry to revive this . 
  was it as easy as replacing it ? 
  how does the bios react to this ? 
  what, 
  for the same reason there is more than 1 auto manufacturer - people like different shit . 
  spotify already does that . 
  hating much ? 
  the htc vive is considered the best vr headset in the industry right now . 
  oculus is specifically known for its shitty controllers . 
  oh , the new ones no one purchased because they came in so late and were expensive ? 
  yeah , those are pointless . 
  maybe worth something for the few that purchased them . 
  too little , too late . 
  only one place to go to when you 're at 0 . 
  just an fyi , those weapons were removed from turkey after the coup d'etat attempt . 
  i think they were sent to romania . 
  you 're partly right ; however obama 's administration declined to comment , which would likely mean this indeed happened . 
  all speculation though . 
  as a matter of fact , more often than not i can find the same or a very similar product at walmart for cheaoer , and i get to walk out with it immediately . 
  amazon needs to fix this before people realize it 's not quite the deal anymore . 
  everyone i know uses amazon because they think it 's either cheaper , or have items no one else carries . 
  also , amazon logistics sucks balls , and fucks up every time . 
  in the same boat . 
  i have the $ 25 plus deal for the hotspot , and international calls . 
  now with the hotspot deal removed altogether , will that plan lower in price ? 
  it ought to . 
  you clearly do n't understand what treason is , then . 
  treason is when donald trump colludes with the russians to win elections - not when a state builds a mosque for its muslim citizens . 
  see !, 
  you seem to know what treason is then . 
  do n't use the term so loosely , please . 
  there are no ottomans . 
  can you please point to any such law/statute/amendment that defines treason that way ? 
  otherwise you are talking out of your ass . 
  which would not surprise me for a trump supporter . 
  unless it this is an alternative fact . 
  ball is in your court . 
  this account is the best .
