  a $ 6500 deductible is the equivalent of not having insurance unless i am involved in a major health event . 
  which at my age and lifestyle is unlikely ( but possible ) . 
  so no , the scenario you ( arrogantly ) described does not characterize people in my situation at all . 
  we pay a lot more so the people you described can afford cheaper insurance . 
  this does n't mean it is n't a major burden on young people . 
  health insurance and hospitals are expensive in the us . 
  if i have any health issues i will be flying back to europe to be taken care off . 
  the plane ticket for me is cheaper than using my insurance . 
  your examples are silly , and might be effective for silly people . 
  all the taxes you mentioned are not burdens on me . 
  nor are taxes the same as healthcare costs . 
  `` you could get a nothing plan that you pay pennies for and does n't actually do anything , which is a major reason scores of people went bankrupt from medical expenses . '', 
  which is effectively what i have , except i do not pay pennies for it . 
  i pay more than $ 200 , and i am forced to pay it . 
  understand the aca has not been a major success for young people . 
  the only solution is socialized healthcare . 
  i am in texas , which indeed refused the medicaid expansion . 
  not sure that this affected me at all . 
  i like the aca , i do n't like healthcare costs in the us in general . 
  they are downright ridiculous . 
  my biggest fear is every going to a us hospital for anything . 
  how do you know what my income is ? 
  out of curiosity , what would a person in a similar position as mine have experienced prior to the aca ? 
  ah yes . 
  i can make ends meet , but it still hurts paying so much for a $ 6500 deductible . 
  my issue is the crappy insurance i get for $ 200 + . 
  out of curiosity , how have you noticed this ? 
  i noticed this for the first time last week . 
  some dude was arguing that collusion was not a crime , and then went on a hillary rant . 
  the account was just hours old . 
  it was weird . 
  the article you quoted is a whopping 7 years old . 
  it 's also noted as b , bbb + and b + . 
  so no , you and your 7 year old article are quite wrong . 
  you called the bonds of greece junk , and you were wrong . 
  then you cited a 7 year old article which was written at the height of greece 's debt crisis . 
  greece was still running major deficits at the time , whereas today it 's running a surplus . 
  so yes , you 're quite wrong . 
  you 're wrong again . 
  greeks do n't do that sort of revolution , nor is that the sentiment in greece . 
  syriza is currently behind in the latest polls by 10 % + . 
  i 'll give you this though : greece does receive foreign cash to stabilize it . 
  which is why its bonds are n't junk because the eu have repeatedly shown it will help greece if greece helps herself . 
  source : i 'm greek . 
  up until now i was taking your comments seriously . 
  golden dawn is projected a 6 % in the polls right now . 
  that 's true about turkish hotels but ever greek island hotel has a walking distance beach of like 10 mins . 
  it surely is n't that big of a deal ? 
  none of this is necessarily true . 
  there are beaches without any sun beds , or umbrellas . 
  greece is one of the few eu countries to still have virgin beaches free of cement . 
  same can not be said about turkey . 
  bring a towel , sit on sand , and plug in your own umbrella . 
  bring water from super market . 
  all this for less than 10 . 
  if you want fancy resorts , cement on beach , and servants for you , go elsewhere , or pay for the security of greece . 
  you 're not who we want to cater to . 
  as an additional benefit , our waters are clean , safe , and we have n't had any terrorist attack lately . 
  the only thing to be affected will be snl . 
  the only thing to be affected will be snl . 
  probably the same place you picked up your confederate flag . 
  this is partially correct ; you wo n't be able to work for the public sector without having completed military service . 
  private is fine . 
  spot on . 
  fired , unemployed , and his wife divorced him . 
  could n't be happier . 
  auto pou nomizoun oi tourkoi einai tourkoi , kai oxi ksexasmenoi ellines me trelenei . 
  ean den afomoiose terastio dopio pluthismo ? 
  filoi , toulaxiston ena terastio meridio tourkias einai ellines pou ksexasan pos einai ellines . 
  i really thought this would evolve into a michael scott ) the office joke . 
  how do you know this ? 
  russia is not powerful . 
  her gdp is smaller than italy and canada , and her army old and poor . 
  turkey shot their fighter jet , and killed the pilot and all russia did was complain . 
  every country russia has invaded has been extremely small and weak . 
  the us has placed substantial sanctions on russia and all they could do was expel diplomats . 
  russia is a weak country with nukes , and lots of energy resources . 
  that is all . 
  you assume the only reaction of russia was an all out invasion of turkey , which is false . 
  they could have shot down a single turkish pilot , and nato would n't bat an eye . 
  they could have seriously sanctioned them , or invade their air space over erdogans house . 
  instead today they 're buddies and russia is supplying them with weapons for money . 
  they 're so weak because they need money . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll do just that . 
  when did the russian army do anything significant in the post bolshevik revolution ? 
  your army was so poor during ww2 all you could do was sacrifice people to stop the enemy . 
  otherwise russia has only invaded small insignificant countries . 
  well done there !, 
  how stronk . 
  we left vietnam and korea because the people in the us wanted us to leave . 
  a complicated time i wo n't bother explaining . 
  yes you killed many nazis . 
  i thank you for it . 
  we also had to invade from the sea since we did n't share a border with germany . 
  the us army was still far more effective as an army than the ruskis were . 
  we did n't have millions of soldiers die . 
  this is correct !, 
  very intelligent population !, 
  not true .
