  do n't worry about international charges , i call the uk for free . 
  too many friends that side . 
  sorry , just ca n't be fucked to type it all . 
  also , fuck dovas . 
  i 've had to deal with htc customer service quite a few times for my m8 , and 90 % of the time they were amazing . 
  especially if your phone is under warranty , they are superb . 
  i highly recommend you give them a call . 
  same exact feeling here , friend . 
  took it for the first time , and it feels like i completely bombed it , whereas prep tests i was consistently hitting a 161-171 . 
  * sigh *, 
  first time i take the test ; did anyone else feel the test was far more thick worded , and technically written ? 
  i do n't recall my prep-tests being so hard to read through . 
  if memory serves right , it was experimental . 
  not an expert , but can definitely attest to ; i was doing some 1994-1997 pts yesterday just for kicks before the test , and the difference in difficulty between today 's test and previous tests are dramatic . 
  it already was a hard test , why make it harder ? 
  and wording , too !, 
  the language used in the latest tests seems to have become more technical and thick . 
  not a trend i am liking ; hard to complete all questions in 35 mins when you have to reread the setup due to thick wording . 
  : / meh , maybe i 'm just complaining . 
  same words still used in modern greek , just tossing that out there . 
  fellow greek/texan here . 
  glad you enjoyed greece , and i must implore you to visit again . 
  no other such small country has such immense variety of beauty !, 
  however , i do disagree on a point of yours ; texan and greek weather have few similarities short of hot . 
  the heat in greece is pleasant , the heat in texas make you want to leave . 
  and visit greece . 
  awesome !, 
  looks great . 
  much appreciated friend . 
  are you on t-mobile ? 
  go to www.slimyoursim.com . 
  used them multiple times , and i 'm very happy . 
  the takeaway from these old posts is that apple fans were n't as dickheads and sheep as they are today . 
  prices quoted in the review are very wrong , makes me doubt the rest of the review . 
  the keyboard issue is a well known one , and is attributed to the os , not htc . 
  marshmallow should be fixing it . 
  i really want a passport equivalent with android on it . 
  i love the looks , and the shape of that screen . 
  it 's a gorgeous phone . 
  i did , but it got less attention than what i had hoped for . 
  r/lsat is often a good place for opinion crowdsourcing . 
  yeah , that is almost identical to the trend i saw with my scores , too . 
  thanks !, 
  this makes me feel a little better . 
  to make everyone else feel better :, 
  took my diagnostic and got a 144 . 
  studied on and off with the lsat trainer ( poor study habits on my end ) , and took no timed tests till the real thing . 
  needless to say i got a 151 , and was as anxious as could be . 
  have been studying with 7sage for about 4 months , and have done 9 timed tests . 
  my scores range anywhere from a 158-166 . 
  i know a large spread . 
  it is what it is . 
  most people with 170 's are either : a. 
  gifted b. 
  excellent students c. have lot 's of free time d . a combination of the above . 
  the average joe like me works full time , and is still in the process of learning english . 
  you 'll do great on this test , and if not there are always more to come . 
  came here to say this . 
  that there is an invisible man in the sky , waiting to hear your requests in the form of prayers . 
  he occasionally does stuff , like flooding the earth , or killing his own son . 
  nice . 
  i did . 
  was lousy when it came to family calls , or outreach for help . 
  family did complain . 
  i explained - not sure they understood or cared . 
  working on mending relationships . 
  not too sure my gf was happy with me either , however ... 
  this too shall pass !, 
  apologize , work through it , and explain . 
  we all have our priorities , and the lsat was mine . 
  i am sure well . 
  at least over a million ; if one is to assume half their users are paid users , and they claim 20,000 users , and they 're all using the mid or starter tiers , then it is at least valued at about $ 2 million ( 10,000 users x 350/150 ) . 
  i studied about 4-5 hours a day . 
  preferably in the morning , but given how i have a full time job , it was n't always the case . 
  my experience was that after 6 hours , it was all a downhill . 
  stop at 4-5 . 
  eat well , and exercise before studying !, 
  helped me concentrate immensely . 
  i chuckled !, 
  that 's cute . 
  this man is correct . 
  lowest i want : 159 , highest i would love to see ? 
  162 was my most common score , however . 
  :d best of luck to you all . 
  except you , john , fuck you . 
  the test is very learnable . 
  not because there are things you can study for , and learn by heart , but because mainly you learn how the test works , and can get used to it . 
  i began with a 144 , and have scored up to 172 on practice tests . 
  you need to familiarize yourself with the system and logic the lsat expects of you . 
  took me about 6 months . 
  takes others 3 months , and a few an entire year . 
  may i be so bold as to recommend 7sage . com for your prep test needs ? 
  they 're an awesome online tutoring lsat system . 
  it helped me immensely . 
  i think it would help you . 
  $ 350 is a good price for it . 
  yes , their $ 350 course is excellent . 
  they do here in the us , as well . 
  i am an educated man , with a 4 year college degree making 20 $ / hour . 
  welders in houston make about 25 $ / hour .
