  allo definitely uses more battery than hangouts , but i would not say it is such a dramatic increase to justify not using it . 
  remember , allo reads chats to make reply and gif/emoji suggestions . 
  that has to use more battery . 
  that 's false , the echo dot has a speaker built in . 
  nowhere near as strong as it 's bigger sibling but it has a speaker . 
  amazon has had difficulty keeping up with demand in the us alone . 
  it sucks they do n't sell it right across to canada , but i guess they have their hands full . 
  during christmas the wait time for an alexa is several weeks . 
  i can not speak on behalf of the usa , but most people i know with smart speakers use them for music , timers , and to show off to their friends . 
  i use it for those and smart lighting/nest as well . 
  walking into the kitchen and telling google to play some britney spears while i search for food is priceless . 
  this will be downvoted to hell , but do n't give a shit . 
  whataburger is not as good as texans make it out to be . 
  perhaps if you were n't all hyping the shit out of it , it would be okay . 
  for $ 7 , i 'd rather spend $ 2 more and eat at 5 guys or fuddruckers . 
  it 's an okay burger , nothing more , nothing less . 
  i 've given this place so many chances , always leave disappointed . 
  much agreed . 
  it 's mediocre at best , but locals are blind in their burger loyalty . 
  people ca n't have negative opinions ? 
  what sort of crack are you in ? 
  this is reddit , deal with it . 
  no magical scenarios , just that . 
  it has to be you , you can not hire someone else . 
  it seems it would make more sense , and make the learning curve for braille half of what it is . 
  then again , i have n't had to deal learning braille to know the peculiarities of reading whilst blind . 
  there is a litter box everywhere in the house . 
  considering shitting in one myself to scare her cat infatuation off . 
  i am an american born citizen , lived in texas for 8 years . 
  not too keen on going back to texas . 
  i am very liberal and an atheist , and they do n't really like people like me down there . 
  i 'd love to hear your personal stories !, 
  currently in a long-distance relationship . 
  not of the easiest kind , not a big fan of them , but this girl is so damn amazing i 'd do it again if i had to . 
  however , there is one thing which she recently told me which ticks me off ; strip poker . 
  she played strip poker with some of her classmates at uni , whilst we 're together . 
  i do n't like it . 
  seeing as the way to have fun in this game is to strip , and potentially get naked , this makes me feel upset at such an advent . 
  she claims she would n't have stripped , and that she did n't throughout the game . 
  i claim the principle remains ; you do n't play a game that could potentially get you naked , even if you are n't planning to . 
  it bothers me . 
  what 's reddit 's take on this ? 
  am i unreasonable ? 
  tl ; dr : girlfriend played strip poker with classmates , i 'm not amused . 
  update : she 's agreed that my worries/request are indeed reasonable , and has agreed it is to never happen again . 
  of course , she insists that she was never planning on stripping in the first place , and she 'd leave the game if she had to . 
  regardless , she 's agreed . 
  thank you all for you very sound , and open-minded , non-judgmental advice . 
  you 're all great . 
  by that i mean the consumption of it . 
  and if so , do share a story of shame to go along with it . 
  my printer came with one of those ridiculous aol internet disks . 
  i was in greece at the time , and as a kid ( i think i was around 7 years old ) , i placed it in . 
  it started . 
  it connected . 
  the phone bill was bigger than my school tuition . 
  aol charged long distance . 
  if al gore invented the internet , i payed for it . 
  when i was turning 17 , i was living ( still am ) in greece . 
  we visited a beach at night with a group of friends , lit a campfire , played music , planning on sleeping there . 
  half way through , one of my buddies decided it was a good idea to jump on board one of the yachts that was near the shore . 
  sure , it was empty , why not ? 
  we brought drinks along with us , and just had some honest fun . 
  no one was on the yacht , so sure thing . 
  all good . 
  we 'd leave and all that would have been worth it . 
  until the greek coastguard came . 
  someone tipped them that some people had invaded a yacht in that area . 
  we were all arrested , no questions asked . 
  apparently the night before , on the same yacht some satanists had been performing ritual on board the same yacht . 
  it was a friday . 
  we had to stay in jail till monday before a judge could see us . 
  i 'm an american-atheist myself , however i 've been living abroad in greece for the last 12 years . 
  i have n't completely understood why god is such a huge factor in politics and the daily lives of a good 50 % of americans . 
  any good insight , references would be greatly appreciated guys !, 
  so , the story is simple . 
  my girlfriend wants me to learn a song and sing it to her . 
  if i do , i win and get anything from her . 
  it has been clarified that this anything could extend from very sexual , nude ideas but not limited to , and she would still have to comply . 
  seeing as how you 're one of the most creative bunches on the internet , i thought you make this worth it . 
  twist to the story , we 're doing long distance , but do n't let that stop you from telling your idea . 
  worst comes-to-worse i 'll hold on to it , but skype friendly ideas are ideal !, 
  tl ; dr : read the title dude . 
  this question really got me thinking . 
  you know , around the time of icq , aol , msn etc. 
  explain the story , and/or logic behind it too . 
  i 'm serious . 
  i spent most of my life in europe , and i was happy to know what the final price was on the spot . 
  in the u.s. 
  i expect to pay on price , and find it it 's + x.yy at the cashier . 
  it makes me feel scammed . 
  however , this is a diverse place and interesting takes on things . 
  i assume there 's a reason for it . 
  edit : thank you everyone for your lovely answers , and taking the time to enlighten me . 
  much in dept !, 
  upvotes for everyone !, 
  i often have arguments with family members over whether or not working at a fast food is a fair job for any person , while they insist that fast food job are only for teens , which i disagree with . 
  i 'd like to know how you feel about your job , whether it is challenging to a certain degree , and how you feel about the hourly wage . 
  is it fair ? 
  what would be fair ?
