  some that have received these updates claim they have made a big difference . 
  i am pretty sure the people in this test used an outdated htc 10 camera . 
  science went to far when we made sex robots . 
  the camera on the htc 10 is still very good pre-update as almost every single reviewer has noted . 
  the new update makes it even better , and addresses certain issues . 
  would you rather they do n't push an update ? 
  literally 0 customers have received the device as of yet . 
  i agree though , ideally it would have been right the first time , however , i would still prefer they keep trying to make the entire device better with updates whenever such a chance arises . 
  thanks !, 
  this makes me happy , and secure that it the slight bump wo n't unnecessarily scratch everywhere . 
  got it !, 
  any idea how to do that ? 
  call htc customer support , and tell them ( if this is true ) that it randomly cracked . 
  they should replace it via warranty , or if you have uh-oh protection through that . 
  mainly houston . 
  we 're all over but houston has a good 10,000 greeks . 
  lots of greek restaurants and businesses . 
  4 major greek churches , and 2 major organizations . 
  we also have a greek consulate . 
  if you move to houston , let me know . 
  i 'll show you around and get you acquainted with it all . 
  why did they do that ? 
  mine did n't go through , but i fixed that within minutes of receiving the email . 
  when i called i was told not to worry , and my place in queue had not been lost . 
  this is worrying me !, 
  what 's wrong ? 
  i sure hope so !, 
  thanks . 
  this pre-order stuff is not for me it seems . 
  came here to ask this : we used to be able to change them on m7 , m8 , m9 , and my m8 was on marshmallow . 
  other marshmallow phones can , too . 
  it drives me crazy not having an nfc toggle there !, 
  aaaaa, 
  who did you complain to ? 
  this is happening to me , too . 
  you ca n't buy the exynos version via traditional routes in the u.s. , because that 's what samsung wanted us consumers to use . 
  if anything , it is more unfair to compare the us htc 10 to a none us samsung exynos . 
  a lot can change in 5 months , buddy . 
  i too love to go to renfest , and hate the shitty connection there . 
  who have you tried to contact ? 
  htc or snapchat ? 
  i have n't had any issues with the htc native app , or any other app except snapchat really . 
  the sun was not a star . 
  stars were stars , and suns were suns . 
  iqshield !, 
  it 's great . 
  covers all the screen , and is very thin . 
  it 's very flexible too . 
  would recommend . 
  not being able to edit that drove me crazy . 
  what 's it called ? 
  i 'd love to buy one !, 
  what is it called ? 
  i 'd love to own a chinese accent speaker . 
  want to find out too !, 
  damn , that sounds great . 
  i need to call them up and see if that applies to texas . 
  thanks !, 
  i was at hay merchant not too long ago and they had it . 
  iq shield . 
  not glass , it 's plastic . 
  it 's excellent though , cheap , quick application , and you can barely tell it 's even there . 
  it 's what i 'm currently using . 
  it does not . 
  people can pay $ 1 more and not have commercials . 
  i do that , and see no commercials . 
  hulu is great . 
  edit : apparently it 's $ 3 extra a month . 
  still worth it . 
  not like this is the first time redditors have an opinion on a subject they know nothing about . 
  this is awesome . 
  not the same color , but they are slightly similar . 
  personally , i think that was done as a strategic move in anticipation of a sue . 
  that way they can `` compromise '' by dropping the colors they never wanted to keep anyhow . 
  agreed , but for the record uh uses a custom made font . 
  nothing really , just that it is impossible for st/hlc to copy uh 's font for the law center simply because it is proprietary . 
  they designed it themselves it seems . 
  so up and until a few years ago , did rice and uh have the same font ? 
  interesting !, 
  thank you for the wealth of knowledge !, 
  hey !, 
  thanks for the wonderful reply !, 
  i definitely appreciate it . 
  here 's the thing : my family was not based in the us . 
  it was always in greece , or in `` greater '' greece aka turkey . 
  they never bred with americans from the u.s. , so slave-owners are very unlikely . 
  how significant is 9 % ? 
  could it just be patterns we display that are similar to sub saharans , or does it likely mean there is definitely a sub saharan/black member of the family no one seems to recollect ? 
  i do n't think ancestrybydna allows for download of the information . 
  i 'll look into it , though . 
  once again , thank you for sharing some of your knowledge with me . 
  just checked , does n't seem like ancestrybydna.com let 's me download results . 
  i may have to repeat this test with some other company . 
  thanks again for helping me out !, 
  i do admit i was confused by the name , and thought i was getting the ancestry.com dna test . 
  boy was i wrong . 
  the results from ancestrybydna.com do n't even go into local ethnicities , just a split of 4 continents . 
  which would you recommend i go with ? 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  i honestly do not think there 's much or any chance of sub saharan , or native american for me .
