  greeks generally only married other orthodox christian greeks , and the journey from sub saharan africa to the greek region is a very long one . 
  who knows ? 
  really ? 
  any recommendations ? 
  i like to pride myself in knowledge of ottoman history , and of this i had never heard . 
  nope , none . 
  i thought of this , too . 
  best idea i could draw up was an ancestor having been part black and married into as a slave in the ottoman empire . 
  i will point out how rare that would be , as most slaves in the ottoman empire were not black , but arabs , greeks , and other people of that region . 
  again , it would not explain a 9 % sub saharan result . 
  i will be doing an ancestry.com test as well , and report with results . 
  the other test i did has a very low confidence level . 
  essentially they 're telling me i could be anywhere from 0-9 % sub saharan , and 91-100 % european . 
  pretty vague if you ask me . 
  thing is , having a somewhat recent black ancestor is not something that would go unnoticed in greece/anatolia . 
  it 's something people would marvel and talk about , and everyone in my family is pretty sure they would have known . 
  let 's see !, 
  i very much expected arab/middle eastern . 
  greek and arabs have lived in the same area for thousands of years . 
  heck , we even somewhat look alike . 
  a greek looks more like an arab , than we do a swede , let 's say . 
  my mother 's mother was from the island of zakynthos , which was owned for a while by the venetians . 
  that side of the family had lots of light hair , and green/blue eyes . 
  nothing is a coincidence . 
  the rest of my family is from constantinople/istanbul . 
  that could be it !, 
  honestly , it ca n't be anyone in the last 150 years . 
  we would have known . 
  perhaps further back is a solution . 
  i will be doing another , proper test from ancestry.com . 
  thanks for your help !, 
  the specific sentence would have read exactly the same in modern greek . 
  interesting !, 
  nothing about looks ssa at all . 
  one of the most greek looking people you 'll ever meet . 
  why is it that if htc makes a phone that somewhat may look like another by a little it gets shit on , but these guys totally get away with a phone that almost looks exactly with the htc m8 ? 
  worked for me yesterday too , in houston tx !, 
  cvs in stafford , right off 59 . 
  the one off of san felipe , near the whataburger also works on and off . 
  i was exactly in your position , and i upgraded to the 10 . 
  i love it , feel it was worth the investment , and i am sure you 'd feel similar , too . 
  tracking a package ? 
  click on google now on tap , and let google find the number , and track it for you . 
  like that song ? 
  use google now to find out what song it is , and then when you get your result , use google now on tap to immediately add it to spotify . 
  got an email or message with an event ? 
  use google now on tap , and it offers the option to add it immediately to your calendar . 
  it 's a giant strip mall , i tell people all the time . 
  occasionally it has a brief , shinning moment , but that 's it . 
  forgive me !, 
  i have now edited the post . 
  i am 26 years old . 
  i say think because i am not precise everyday . 
  i know for a fact that my breakfast is a yogurt ( 140 cal ) , lunch around 600-800 , and dinner around 500 . 
  during the weekend i definitely eat around 2000 calories , though . 
  i say think because i am not precise everyday . 
  i know for a fact that my breakfast is a yogurt ( 140 cal ) , lunch around 600-800 , and dinner around 500 . 
  during the weekend i definitely eat around 2000 calories , though . 
  for example , today i had a yogurt , 2 chipotle tacos ( 700 cal ) , and plan on having a light dinner as always . 
  the fluctuation is gaining weight . 
  since i began calorie counting and staying in the 1200-1800 zone , i have gained 5 pounds . 
  yup , i just used their online calories tracker . 
  it says three tacos are 1050 calories . 
  i only buy two ever , so i rounded up to 700 . 
  agreed . 
  i reckon my numbers are not too far off because i am always conscientious of my calories . 
  i will start counting again aggressively to see how far , if at all , i am . 
  thanks !, 
  i am not , since most of i eat is store bought . 
  i do often look at the caloric cost though . 
  i was eating around 2300-2500 calories when i began gaining weight , so i thought if i slashed around 1000 i would quickly stop that , and begin losing weight . 
  truth is i stopped gaining it as fast , but never was able to actually lose any , though . 
  i would look into those calipers !, 
  sounds like they would really help . 
  thanks !, 
  makes sense !, 
  i will do just that !, 
  you do n't i could have slowed my metabolism down too much , or hit starvation mode ? 
  thanks !, 
  wait , are you suggesting that the nos . 
  i get from restaurants are wrong , or heavily understated ? 
  if so , this could easily explain why i keep gaining and not losing weight . 
  i felt i had read about it online . 
  wait , so my body does n't slow my metabolism down when i cut calories ? 
  that 's a relief !, 
  damn , that makes a ton of sense !, 
  thanks . 
  also explains why i am not losing weight . 
  i probably am underestimating my caloric intake , stores underestimate how much is in their food , and need to exercise religiously . 
  i am definitely not being sarcastic here . 
  restaurants are liable for the information they dispense , and if the information is wrong and it harms others , lawyers have a fun time . 
  i would not lie if i were running a restaurant . 
  but thanks , all in all , this was an eye opener . 
  if i added 30 % to my caloric intake , it would explain why i can not lose weight . 
  i 've been basing my numbers off of restaurant reported calories . 
  thanks a ton !, 
  i have the htc 10 , and use it with the largest google cardboard . 
  they work great together . 
  htc sense has had this option for years . 
  i 'm glad to see stock catching up .
