  my htc 10 receives every monthly update with little delay at times . 
  currently on july 's . 
  i do n't understand why this is being down-voted . 
  this is 100 % true . 
  the socialist bias here is real . 
  seriously ? 
  all major apps are about photo sharing and selfies . 
  snapchat , messenger , facebook , instagram , facetime/video chat apps , and others are all about sharing your face , life , and stories with others . 
  the camera is easily the most important function to many . 
  instead of attacking him personally , why not respond ? 
  why is greece , a country in the eu since the 80 's , supposedly capitalist , not on par with italy let 's say , but more on par with bulgaria ? 
  why does the economic system not matter to you ? 
  how are you not the fucking idiot here ? 
  you returned a phone you broke in the lake ? 
  when their warranty expressly says they wo n't cover that ? 
  yes !, 
  been using it since june 2016 . 
  it works great , and works great in europe too . 
  i travel a lot as well . 
  gets updates straight from htc and even wifi calls work fine . 
  something my htc one m8 did 3 years ago . 
  just a gimmick i never used . 
  yes it did !, 
  it was pretty good at it , too . 
  remember , the m8 had a camera sensor , and another sensor for distance . 
  no idea . 
  they should have canceled yesterday . 
  wait , what ? 
  they canceled and kept the money !, 
  just checked . 
  live nation is already offering refunds to those that want them . 
  in the grand scheme of greek history , 400 years is indeed an occupation if you take the 3000 + year history . 
  really ? 
  what 's germany going to do about a greek veto ? 
  see , the bailout funds say nothing about voting with the germans . 
  they 're all about deficits and the such . 
  britain did n't take them . 
  and you 're right , the tourist that bought them was elgin . 
  let 's not pretend this was some sort of expedition to protect greek ancestry . 
  it 's just a rich tourist that wanted a memento . 
  wrong . 
  the democratic will of greece was ignored because the prime minister of greece ignored it . 
  htc twitter said q4 2017 , which means september through december . 
  call your bank and request a charge back immediately . 
  if you use a credit card you 'll get your money back almost the next day . 
  fuck amazon . 
  they 're not even that cheap anymore . 
  it showed up after i signed up for gboard beta . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  it 's a reference to a very popular r/oldpeoplefacebook post . 
  try looking it up by filtering for top posts all time . 
  and this is why i did n't get one . 
  and this only makes a future blackberry even less likely for me . 
  blackberry has already ceased smartphone production . 
  wait , what ? 
  do you even history , bro ? 
  do you realize how many ancient greek cities were founded in anatolia ? 
  moreover , for sake of argument , let 's say you 're right - that anatolians are a linguistically greekified group since the times if alexander . 
  you realize that 's like approximately 2300 years ? 
  what makes an ancient greek for you ancient greek if not language ? 
  i 've read your previous comments from your post history , and i think where we will disagree is what you consider to be a greek . 
  you have this notion that a real greek is that if the mainland . 
  i 'm not sure where you get that from . 
  do you think they went without outside influences ? 
  do you forget how degraded mainland greeks were in favor of constantinople ? 
  greeks all over mainland greece do not look alike . 
  the anatolians do . 
  since you like shitty historical metaphors , i 'll use one too : the british speak english , and so do the americans . 
  the british pretend to speak the correct , proper version . 
  however linguists have found that it is the americans that speak english that sounds closer to original english . 
  hence , both groups evolved but the british evolved linguistically in a more extreme way . 
  who 's to say the same did n't happen with the mainland greeks ? 
  pontic greek is closer to ancient greek in many aspects than is mainland greek , and they come from anatolia . 
  knowing the other side in an argument is very useful and makes for a better conversation . 
  i do not like to waste time . 
  your `` culturally genetically '' speaking point makes little sense . 
  there is very little if any research that has `` picked '' which flavor of greek is the `` right '' flavor - even from a cultural or genetic point of view . 
  the caucus region has been dominated by greeks for many millennia , so i am not sure where you are trying to get to . 
  what i meant earlier by degradation is that educated athenians left athens to live in constantinople where they had more influence . 
  the mainland was quite deserted during the byzantine empire , whereas constantinople and anatolia was where all the interesting stuff was going on . 
  smyrna was a far more greek and educated city during the 20 's than even athens was . 
  i have pontic , constantinople , and greek island backgrounds/dna . 
  i can not say any of these people in my family are culturally different , or look different . 
  i will agree though : if you feel greek/speak greek , you are a greek by definition to me . 
  maybe not genetically , but even our ancestors would argue that is irrelevant . 
  do not mistaken turkey for a liberal economy . 
  it 's crony capitalism at its finest . 
  if you are n't friendly to the ruling party you 'll likely be thrown into prison and the government takes over . 
  then they gift your shit to their friends . 
  turkey is a much richer , larger land than greece . 
  the fact that greece is in year 8 of her vast recession ( -30 % of the economy ) and is still ahead of turkey is really what 's impressive . 
  turkey has industry , rich land , farm land , and very cheap labor . 
  the average turk still lives in worse conditions than the average greek . 
  however , that is not to say greece is far too entrenched in her socialist ways . 
  i do n't see greece changing any time soon , and i do n't see myself returning any time soon for those same reasons . 
  however , the worst is likely over for greece . 
  i do n't know if this is true , but it is something i have noticed too . 
  hangouts rarely showed up in top 3 apps for battery usage yet allo is no . 
  1-3 consistently . 
  i used them both just to chat with my girlfriend .
