  am i the only that thinks this is not okay , it has to stop , and that someone who spends about 15 mins on average on the phone with your two year old is not all too safe ? 
  greece : we 're well known for our cuisine , but if you had the time to eat only one dish , i would whole-heatedly recommend `` souvlaki '' aka `` gyros '' . 
  it 's a thick pita bread with `` gyro '' meat , potato , tomato , `` tzatziki '' sauce , and onion . 
  god , i want some as i type this . 
  the elite four . 
  sheer feelings of pride and happiness . 
  i even told my mom about it . 
  a gift card ; nothing says `` fuck you '' more than a gift card , whilst still being appropriate . 
  she 's most definitely irish in descent . 
  i did not expect that voice coming out of his wife . 
  the fact that there 's nothing here is the most depressing thing i have to deal with all day . 
  and also somewhat hilarious . 
  yes . 
  the moment i realize i want to introduce this person to my family , i am introducing my family to them , and inviting them to be a part of it . 
  at the bar . 
  i used to think people inside the tv could see me , as i saw them . 
  i would always put on my best behavior whilst watching . 
  you 've never seen a more of a gentleman child than myself watching power rangers . 
  in conclusion , samsung appeals to nerds everywhere promising their electronics will get you laid . 
  google counts every google service user as a google + user , since they have default created an account for you . 
  so , sure , member-base wise this may be true , but ** user-base ** wise , this is false . 
  and all the money is at the user base . 
  the area code of +234 comes from nigeria , and before sending me whatsapp messages they missed called me . 
  there are a variety of nigerian scams , from the most popular ones requesting bank transfers , to the specific one i posted , which later on proved to be a `` romantic '' type of scam ( flirting , compliments etc ) . 
  from what i read online , they apparently started in the lat 19th century with normal every day mail , moved to fax machines later on , so on and so forth . 
  how do i know about the fax scams ? 
  the ex-prince of nigeria has been soliciting my father for money since the 90 's . 
  fair enough i guess . 
  i guess i 'm overly suspicious of numbers i do n't have in my phonebook call me from nigeria , and then whatsapp me pretending to miss me . 
  i guess you could call it a friendship scam then . 
  finally , a question i have been asking myself for years making the front-page of reddit . 
  i salute you my good sir , and i re-assure you , you are not a racist , and simply fed up with a double-standard of an idea . 
  you are a gentleman and a scholar . 
  my girlfriend . 
  making her happy , and seeing her smile is one of the most rewarding signs ever . 
  even the price is right , at $ 11.9 ( 9 ) . 
  i have this argument on a daily basis with my mother . 
  she insists that if i work as hard as she did in the 80 's , i 'd pay off my college loan , house expenses , and still have enough to put on the side . 
  in an odd way though , i am glad to hear how the baby boomer generation insists things are as they were back in their day ; it helps me motivate to make the us a better place . 
  by my mother and here 's how :, 
  it was this one time when i was 14 years old , i had somewhat mastered the art of masturbatory , so i was going at it like a madman . 
  however , this one time i was masturbating with earphones on , thinking no one was home . 
  i was wrong , my mother was though . 
  as she crept up the stairs and into the small living room , she gets a glimp of me doing something to myself . 
  i quickly jump up , shove mr. america into his chambers and ask `` whats up ? '' . 
  she asks ( as if she did n't know , and i do n't know what she was expecting me to say ) `` what were you doing there ? '' . 
  i told her i was scratching/fiddling my asshole . 
  that 's what i said . 
  i do n't know why that was a good idea . 
  did a quick scan through it , and checked out my blackberry keyboard , at least 80 % of her message to you is not consistent with typical blackberry keyboard typos . 
  for example , the continuous `` $ '' sign showing up everywhere does not add up . 
  also , the `` accidental '' numbers in the message are difficult to add as well since you need to press `` alt '' + a key which corresponds to a number , and the keys do not reflect the probable ones again . 
  this is probably for attention . 
  it 's hard to make that many errors on a blackberry . 
  sorry dude . 
  agreed , even on my bold 9900 , but not randomly , usually near the keys around the $ , like the m or l key . 
  not wanting to burst your bubble of happiness , but i live in greece and i can verify the average girl does n't look like what 's in the picture . 
  sure , we have many drop dead gorgeous women , but on average it 's nothing like what is seen here . 
  [ this ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gctesgmsr8ghpbivjxoqp3stkg0llz04jhcvddzrqt5pnkrvmr2xkg ) is what the average greek looks like . 
  as an american living in greece , you have no idea how far off you are from the truth . 
  sure their economy has a shit load of issues , but nothing beats waking up to the parthenon outside your balcony . 
  this guy is not funny at all , but the girl is definitely cute . 
  more proof added that women can not fart . 
  the worst example is greece . 
  in greece , all businesses are closed on sunday ( except cafeterias , restaurants , small convenient stores , and some pharmacies ) . 
  in addition to having this , all large retail stores are to close down after 4 p.m. on mondays , wednesdays , and fridays . 
  the idea is to help smaller businesses have a fighting chance . 
  however these small businesses have limited product selection , and are often 25 % more expensive than large stores . 
  whenever the government tries to step in and open the market up , unions throw a fit . 
  i had to read that title twice to try and figure out what was going on . 
  quite the tongue-twister . 
  that mole on his right thigh . 
  very distracting ... 
  mole ... . mole ... . moley , moley , moley , moley , moley !, 
  rip morgan freeman . 
  mine was ( and to some extend is till used ) `` chris_dp3 '' . 
  came up with it when i signed up for my first yahoo !, 
  chat account . 
  however the explanation for the `` dp3 '' suffix always a somewhat embarrassing one . 
  as an avid console gamer , and completely in awe of the sega dreamcast , i wanted the console to succeed . 
  however most of my friends had the playstation 2 . 
  my dream was to see sega & sony unite to form the dreamplay3 . 
  hence , `` chris_dp3 '' was born . 
  confused times those were . 
  get out of my damn garden !, 
  just a point of clarification , greece is not turkey today . 
  we 're very much a real country . 
  just looked it up , from cappadocia it is . 
  thanks !, 
  if you watch the clip again it sounds like he 's saying `` he 's from greece , which is turkey now '' . 
  just wanted to make sure some people were n't confused and thought with the economic crisis and all , we were bought off by our neighbor . 
  he may not be a serious man , but he sure made me smile and laugh . 
  enjoy him !, 
  i had high hopes for this one too . 
  it 's more than this though ; often north american means europe too , and honestly this is probably blackberry 's way of exiting their traditional consumer market . 
  i was really hoping to see a q10 with a 4 inch screen . 
  i wish them all the best though !, 
  still love my bold 9900 . 
  no it 's not . 
  that 's a direct quote on whether or not blackberry will continue to make high-end consumer phones .
