  remove your tinfoil hate friend . 
  i really do n't understand where you are going with this . 
  are you saying there is no elite in greece , and worry one will be created , or are you saying greece has an elite , and no matter what the government does the elite will do whatever it can to stop others ? 
  excellent feedback , thank you . 
  i do n't really care for the sports stuff , nor using the watch for calls . 
  i want it for notifications , and android pay . 
  i think i prefer something slimmer , but i 've never really used one if these wearables before . 
  oh wow , the android wear bible !, 
  thank you !, 
  htc lcd screen are often hailed as world class , and have nothing to lose from amoled . 
  well , except for permanent ghosting . 
  that 's not how reviewers felt when they dealt with the htc 10 . 
  it is also not how i felt using my htc 10 . 
  my exact worries . 
  the entire phone screen is made of sapphire glass . 
  it 's we worth the extra $ $ $ . 
  that 's true , and that is the variant that op is talking about . 
  agreed . 
  there 's some value to the sapphire edition i would say . 
  man , you 're such a dumbass . 
  why ca n't we solve one problem , whilst we deal with the other ? 
  turks have been violating greek airspace since before i was born . 
  per your logic , all other issues should stop being of any importance , and we should only deal with the turks . 
  and how do you suppose we stop the turks ? 
  do we shoot down the plane of a much larger , and better equipped nato `` ally '' ? 
  are you trying to get greece invaded ? 
  fyrom is not a `` non issue '' . 
  when people ask me in the us if fyrom ( which they call macedonia thanks to the good old republican george bush which recognized their name ) are descendants of alexander the great , this is not a good thing . 
  turkey is a huge issue we can not do much about at the moment . 
  fyrom is a smaller issue that we currently have some leverage in . 
  a law professor of mine likes to say : how does one eat a giant elephant ? 
  one bite at a time . 
  alright big shot diplomat : what would you do about the great threat of turkey today ? 
  excellent trigger happy response !, 
  now turkey responds with moving its army and occupying the general area right beneath the shot down aircraft , or chooses to take an island from greece of its choice because by greece shooting down their aircraft and killing the turkish citizen , waged violent war against turkey . 
  what 's your next move great statesman ? 
  how fast can you lose another island ? 
  alright there are two logical issues with what you said :, 
  when did greece aggressively knock out a turkish pilot that led to his death ? 
  dogfights do not count . 
  you contradict yourself ; if your story about turkey 's fighter being shot down is true , what did the greeks accomplish ? 
  they would have followed exactly what you want to do today . 
  the air and sea invasions still take place . 
  i base my predictions on turkey 's documented behavior in cyprus , imia , and with the kurds . 
  they escalate because they can . 
  we deescalate because we have to . 
  this coming from a guy that probably does n't know what hellenism is about , or speaks greek . 
  as a greek american myself , you 're full of shit . 
  the experience of `` hellenism '' greek americans have is yelling `` opa !, 
  '' , `` glenti '' , and `` sparta ! '' . 
  you 're all extremely orthodox christian , and do n't speak greek . 
  real greeks do n't care for the church , do n't yell stupid shit like that , and are masters of the hellenic language . 
  you know what hellenism meant for alexander the great ? 
  speaking fucking greek which you ca n't do . 
  syriza has been in power for a few years . 
  they were voted in because they had similar anti-memorandum feelings like yourself . 
  large texan cities are far more liberal than people think ; houston has had a democrat mayor since i 've known , and voted 66 % in favor of hillary . 
   it 's also an experience of good family values , morals , honesty , and hard work and success , it 's an experience of philotimo . 
  what is the mainland experience ? 
  everything you mentioned is part of any good family upbringing , not just that of a greek . 
  i was raised in greece , and i can attest to similar values . 
  but what would you know ? 
  you never lived in greece . 
  you voted for a guy that wants to gut medicare , medicaid , lower taxes on rich , lies daily , pulled out of paris accord , and treats women like shit because ... 
  you liked him . 
  and you were an ex democrat ? 
  talk about a split personality . 
  what if russia influenced the election and hillary was a shit candidate ? 
  a decent candidate does not lose to trump . 
  of course !, 
  it 's much easier to blame everyone else but hillary . 
  maybe next time we run a candidate not under investigation by the fbi , the opposing side wo n't be able to blow the investigation out of proportion . 
  you know , just an idea . 
  hillary received far less votes than any time obama won , so no , you 're wrong . 
  she did not receive a record vote . 
  still waiting on that harrier jet !, 
  interesting ... 
  this person 's account has made 0 comments except this one . 
  i smell a rat . 
  you might be on to something here . 
  not sure why wifi would n't work too . 
  there is an abundance of trails . 
  no need to fight over them . 
  tell me where you live . 
  i have found them in several places . 
  fuck you . 
  same experience for me too . 
  i am not sure what insurance was like before i had to pay for it myself , but at the moment i have a market plan `` bronze '' , and it was the cheapest one . 
  here are the details :, 
  $ 205 a month , $ 6500 deductible , and only covers 70 % once you meet that . 
  i have no prior conditions or anything . 
  hell , i have not been to a doctor in over 15 years . 
  i am 27 . 
  so sure , the aca is a good plan that helps most get insurance if they can get the subsidy . 
  i do not know why i pay so much , but whatever is causing this cost , it 's unacceptable . 
  i do not like your condescending tone of voice . 
  here 's a tip : just because we 're anonymous and strangers does n't mean you get to be rude . 
  on the subject at hand : i am an advocate for the aca . 
  i understand what it has changed for many . 
  i am explaining the other side of this coin though : it is not `` affordable '' for many young people in a similar situation like myself .
