  unless you 're an enterprise user ( i 'm not ) you probably wo n't be able to get a high-end phone from them . 
  looks like you had a blackberry !, 
  in all seriousness though , your handwriting is great . 
  soft , elegant , and eligible . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  greek here : you could have picked a better sentence to go with , and i 'm not sure what the first word says . 
  regardless , it looks cool !, 
  see what happens when anti-abortionists get what they want ? 
  well now that i know what it says , no , it seems obvious , but at first i thought it said '' \u03be\u03b5\u03c3\u03ba\u03b5\u03c4\u03c3\u03af\u03b6\u03c9 '' , which i thought was a poetic way of saying '' \u03be\u03b5\u03c3\u03ba\u03b1\u03c4\u03af\u03b6\u03c9 '' . 
  finally , some aggressive advertising . 
  this sort of advertisement might actually work . 
  not disagreeing with you , but i do feel that windows phone and blackberry have slightly different target audiences . 
  windows phone people tend to be younger people interested in colorful phones , which also tend to be cheaper . 
  sounds like the main group of people that like their phones to also have snapchat . 
  blackberry on the other hand can get away with no having all the latest apps , as long as it has all the important apps ( and banking apps ) . 
  this advertisement caters to those that have used an iphone , and know it is a pain to type on a screen . 
  it also shows that you do n't need to have a keyboard to be king of typing - blackberry . 
  i mean , not to sound like a cynic all the time , but what child sleeps in-between two dead people ( even if they 're his parents ) ? 
  who took the photo ? 
  it was somewhat clear it was staged . 
  however , none of this negates the fact that entire families and communities are being displaced in syria , and that there are n't children who have had both parents killed . 
  will this photo help ? 
  can we do something about helping ? 
  not much , maybe support ngo 's that are helping out in the region . 
  more or less the same reaction, 
  are you using any of the channels ? 
  i have channels on my bbm too , and my bbm is functional . 
  i have n't noticed any battery drain on my 9900 . 
  it 's often games , whatsapp , and especially viber that drain the battery . 
  sometimes even constant browser surfing . 
  if you 're sure this happened when you got the new bbm , give the above advice of downgrading a shot . 
  if that fixes the problem , keep us posted so we can monitor it . 
  best of luck !, 
  it works fine on a normal data plan , just like any other smartphone ( and your previous android ) . 
  :d enjoy !, 
  share - no food | space - computers, 
  you 're school is a very demanding school with computers of the future . 
  his current girlfriend , toni garrn is a childhood friend of mine from greece . 
  she 's been hard to reach since she became a victoria 's secret angel , and began dating him though . 
  yup , absolutely . 
  her entire family is german , but they lived in greece for about 5 years . 
  we went to the same private international school . 
  this is one of the few times i actually said out loud `` what.the.fuck '' . 
  this is seriously messed up . 
  his helmet looks like it 's just eerily staring at me . 
  like it knows . 
  not that i feel i am a representative sample of most greeks , but from my experience with my friends , and other greeks i have lived through work/family/school , most greeks would honestly describe themselves as agnostic . 
  the 20 % of greeks being atheist seems very plausible . 
  i myself being an atheist , would also be found in a church for weddings , easter , and maybe even a simple `` hey , that 's a neat church !, 
  let 's check it out '' . 
  in other words , a cultural , casual christian-atheist . 
  this is terrible . 
   `` and i 'd vacationed with his family and everything . 
  cocaine is a hell of a drug . '', 
  so you did cocaine when on vacation with his family , or you vacationed with his family because of cocaine ? 
  either way sounds like quality family fun . 
  500 miles by the proclaimers . 
  the best . 
  i 'm greek : ca n't stand how many feel entitled to great things our ancestors did thousands of years ago ; this only propagates laziness , anti-intellectualism and racism . 
  part of being great is striving to achieve it on a daily basis . 
  drops of jupiter by train . 
  what a gorgeous , cute , and positive song . 
  ca n't wait for the typical conservative texan to come out and claim this is an obama tactic to get rid of guns , and make everyone gay marry . 
  thanks , obama . 
  why the hell did people downvote this ? 
  pyramid schemes . 
  i personally find the words `` christian '' and `` science '' in the same sentence are oxymorons . 
  my point is that it 's not science . 
  i 'm making fun of them . 
  why else would i post this on r/atheism ? 
  also , being nice is n't out of fashion . 
  well , goliad and victoria are n't far apart so it is expected . 
  reporting from houston , texas . 
  i think i can see a faint `` kkk '' , op . 
  might want to reconsider this . 
  maybe ? 
  however , i do remember all of us yelling omaha , and seeing it on my lyrics paper . 
  the song was about the wizard of oz himself , and more or less about how cool he was . 
  i am so very impressed . 
  forgive me for taking 4 days to see your amazing reply !, 
  thank you for such an informative response . 
  i will most certainly look into this , and hopefully come across beautiful culture associated with this great piece of art . 
  again , thank you , and have a great thanksgiving !, 
  you 're absolutely right ; it was in the bit where they introduced him to the audience and the chorus/munchkins sang about him . 
  i had to play the tin man . 
  thanks for the new link as well !, 
  i will surely be getting into contact with hungry tiger press very soon . 
  i find it to be a pleasant coincidence that both your friend , and i live in houston now - even though my life here is of a recent . 
  accept my sincere apologies on the passing of your friend , he seems like he was a man of great talents . 
  moreover , i thank you for helping me immensely on the my oz quest . 
  mr. doyle has a good friend in you . 
  we all will die , and there is no afterlife . 
  um ... not true . 
  i work for law firms that only work on pharmaceutical litigation . 
  you are n't notified . 
  we notify you , and force drug companies to pay up . 
  not the other way around . 
  pm me your number - i know the law well , and i just got my army situation fixed . 
  been living in the us and i am 24 . 
  i 'll give you a call and explain the law , and answer any relevant questions .
