  instagram , making stabs to the face nostalgic . 
  probably going to get buried , spooky as hell , and very real . 
  worth the read . 
  to begin with , i am as non-religious as it gets , and like any typical redditor do n't believe in anything science ca n't explain to some extent . 
  this is my only experience which still makes me question myself . 
  i was around 6 years old , at our old house . 
  i shared a room with my sister at the time . 
  both of our beds touched the same wall , and were separated by a night-stand . 
  the room is square in shape , and attached to the rest of the house via a long-ish corridor . 
  my sister was around 4 at the time . 
  i woke up sometime during the night ( not sure when , i could n't tell time ) , and must have been late since no one was awake and the high-way from my room sounded rather empty of cars . 
  as i fiddled about in my bed , i open my eyes and look towards my ceiling . 
  i see two small `` children '' , floating about 4 ft. away from me . 
  they were green-ish in color , and their edges were not well defined from space around them . 
  they giggled as they noticed me , noticing them . 
  i did n't know , and could n't tell if that was a `` safe '' giggle . 
  i decide i must be still shaky from sleep , and close my eyes to continue sleep , and make them disappear . 
  i re-open my eyes and there they still were , slightly closer . 
  i get real scared now . 
  i repeat closing my eyes , and there they were closer . 
  now i freaked . 
  they were about 2\u00a01/2 ft. away now . 
  i jumped from my bed , and i ran towards my door , and the hallway . 
  i paused at the door to see behind me . 
  they gasped as i ran , and when i looked back they had turned their heads to face me . 
  i ran again , this time for my mom 's bedroom . 
  i jumped into her bed shaking , and slept there . 
  till this day i regret leaving my sister in there , but i was too afraid to have done anything else . 
  i 've told few people in my life about this . 
  a cousin of a friend of mine independently told me a story she experienced as a child too , and without any knowledge of my experience described the `` little floating children '' she saw as `` dim glowing green '' . 
  i hate remembering this story . 
  precisely , and i think that 's what got me scared the most . 
  i could n't tell if they were sinister , or benevolent in nature . 
  when i told my a close friend of mine a couple years ago about this , his answer was nothing good in nature would approach you at night , over your bed , whilst you sleep . 
  the birthday party part was a joke , albeit not a clear one over reddit . 
  and yes , i agree . 
  its bad reputation is detrimental for me . 
  i guess each to their own . 
  haha , i capitalize anything that is explicitly important to me or i find deserves respect/attention , such as : science , love , vodka , war , etc. 
  ~ ** lyk dis if you cry evry time ** ~, 
  [ have him watch `` chasing amy '' , you 'll thank me later . 
  similar problem , similar advice . 
  she was part of your life , and so was the pain of being cheated on . 
  it 's yours to share . 
  as a greek , this makes perfect sense to me . 
  it 's ok , we both have gorgeous beaches to go lounge on and complain about how unfair life is . 
  it 's most definitely a greek tradition too . 
  i completely disagree picking on any specific religion based on the fact that you think they 're `` wrong and dangerous '' . 
  i 'm sure that there are a bunch of muslims that do n't think too much of the papal sponsored crusades . 
  now that was besides the point , i do agree that the orthodox church is one of the most reasonable of the bunch , however the pastafarians here are n't trying to target the church per se ; it 's more of mocking a decision of the state ( !!! ), 
  in regards to blasphemy , which was probed by a mass protest of fanatic christians in greece , which all subscribe to the orthodox church by default , since it 's the official religion and most popular one . 
  so to wrap up , indeed it seems they are attacking the orthodox church , but ultimately they try to mock it 's specific - fanatic - followers . 
  get out ; just the fact that she began to blame it on the alcohol is enough for you to understand she probably is n't as mature as you are . 
  again , unless you 're fine with it , which you 're probably not if you 're asking for our advice . 
  and you even called her , twice . 
  she knew what she was doing , and only thought she was n't going to get caught . 
  short answer : yes . 
  to elaborate , and yes i realize i 'll probably be down-voted and hated it , it 's not the first time but i could n't care less . 
  sex , especially for a woman , and especially the way i 've grown to see it is a very personal thing that is granted to a very special few . 
  lot 's of courage and trust come in play here . 
  if she 's had sex with more than 6 partners , that feeling is lost , and i feel less important . 
  it is an honor to sleep with a woman . 
  she picked you out of a bunch . 
  when she picks you after sleeping with a bunch , not too special . 
  that 's just me . 
  i 'm very conservative with my relationship views , however that should n't stop you . 
  your body is yours to do what you want with it , and you should . 
  it 's just not for me . 
  of course !, 
  i 'd be a hypocrite if that were n't the case . 
  you will find people though that would hold a double standard ; men can sleep-around , women ca n't . 
  it could be a madonna-whore complex , and it probably is . 
  however , the only thing i could agree with is that typically it 's a lot easier for a woman to sleep around should she wish , where the same is n't necessarily true for men . 
  hence why it looks `` bad '' if a woman does , and a man not only does it not look bad , but comes across as an accomplishment . 
  but no , in today 's day and age , even as a relationship conservative , men and women are both whores , and that 's awesome . 
  again , not my cup of tea . 
  no , she does n't need to wait around for me at all . 
  there are a bunch of guys out there that do n't feel the way i do , and that 's perfect . 
  how would i feel if a woman in her early 20 's has slept around a lot ? 
  nothing , it 's none of my business . 
  am i attracted to it , no , honestly it 's a huge turn-off , so it would n't work de facto . 
  a woman that is strict with her relationships come across as more mature to me , and that 's attractive . 
  finally , i do n't expect a woman in her mid 30 's to have slept with anything less than 10 guys . 
  if she has n't , there 's something wrong with her . 
  yay for overgeneralizing !, 
  awww thank you !, 
  this is the nicest anyone on reddit has ever been regarding my views on relationships . 
  on another note , you 'd be surprised to find that as conservative i am in my personal relationship life , i am extremely liberal in everything else . 
  just because i think i should n't be in a gangbang ( or my so for that matter ) does n't mean i wo n't fight for everyone 's right to a bukake party !, 
  edit : spelling , find to `` fight '' . 
  i make the humor !, 
  haha , i only kid . 
  this makes me wish i still had a dad . 
  and only makes me want to be the best dad ever when the time comes . 
  ... and it 's gone !, 
  what was i thinking , i got 4 hours late to the party . 
  very proud to have understood the reference . 
  not so proud at the speed at which i did . 
  and seat , and skoda amongst others . 
  good cars , hardly the general motors of europe .
