  anyone ever find out if he opened up again ? 
  thanks !, 
  r/android has this infatuation with stock , which is okay , as long as they realize stock has only become usable as of late . 
  a couple of years ago , companies like htc and samsung would step in to fill the gaps . 
  same here , htc 10 . 
  i have to click on the back arrow and retype to get it to work . 
  this is so important . 
  i 'm tired of being the one to always initiate sex . 
  i mean , i do n't ever mind , but it makes me feel way less desired . 
  why not ? 
  and yours is an 8 hour post with a negative 3 downvotes . 
  what does that say about how / r/greece feels about you ? 
  look , people should post what they like , and if other like the post , they can upvote it . 
  it 's simple . 
  telling someone not to post something because you think it may not be appreciated , is silly . 
  and corfu ? 
  really ? 
  have you ever visited corfu ? 
  did you ask them ? 
  only in greece have i met people openly advocating for their own destruction . 
  so sad . 
  it still brings up the install page for me . 
  nope . 
  that would involve using the system ui tuner , and htc has oddly blocked that feature . 
  i too , feel your pain and want to add nfc . 
  face palm . 
  working fine on mine !, 
  sometimes if you 're holding your phone at a very low angle it can get blurry . 
  otherwise , it works great . 
  look , it 's not as laggy as it is on my girlfriend 's phone , but it can definitely get a little laggy . 
  sometimes , for example , the keyboard does n't pop up . 
  it 's an easy fix though , you go back and try again . 
  then it works . 
  it 's a laggy app on almost all android phones i know of . 
  same here . 
  was n't the case about 3 weeks ago . 
  when are they going to just add android pay to aw ? 
  i refuse to purchase a sw until they do , and trust me , i 've really wanted one . 
  den uparxei kamia sovari xora na anagnorizei to pseudokratos . 
  works on all the other messaging apps , except for the only one i wanted it for - hangouts . 
  ca n't seem to figure out why not . 
  i even purchased the ad free version . 
  same here . 
  3.2-4 really . 
  the htc 10 is better in multiple ways , yet got nowhere near the attention or praise from major media . 
  what a shame . 
  edit : downvoted for pointing out the truth ? 
  you 're absolutely right !, 
  could n't agree more . 
  that 's an easy one . 
  here :, 
  larger battery, 
  ois in both cameras, 
  uh-oh protection ( free replacement if you crack screen or have water damage within first year ), 
  better speakers, 
  best in class audio, 
  sd card, 
  cheaper by $ 100, 
  opinion : hardware buttons, 
  opinion : screen size, 
  opinion : fingerprint scanner placement, 
  i have no idea how to format this into a list . 
  1l at south texas . 
  my experience has also been better . 
  ta 3eti bachelor apla einai kanoniko programa 4 eton , me pio polla mathimata to tetramino . 
  i already had it , but yes it will . 
  i had n't seen it , and i was notified if it today . 
  greece spends 2.4 % on her defense and army . 
  rude , and offers nothing to the above discussion . 
  i appreciate the support !, 
  there are people starving and on the streets in athens , but our military spending actually went up . 
  greece is oddly one of the very few countries that is serious with her military in europe ( probably because turkey is right there ) , and, 
  i wished we could take the swedish approach to having almost none , but alas , that is not the case . 
  that 2.4 % could go into education , growth , and other vital stuff . 
  the dude taking the piss seems to be french , and we still spend more than the french do percentage wise . 
  sad . 
  thanks for replying !, 
  the car runs at what seems to be normal throughout , unless i crank up the acceleration by a lot , and then the cel will come on . 
  at that point the engine moves like a boat . 
  if i restart it , it goes back to normal . 
  essentially if i drive very nice and sweet , i 'd likely not know that something is up . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm not too experienced in auto repair . 
  just some basic things , and the odd brake replacement , filter replacements , oil etc. 
  the smoke smells like something burnt . 
  not sure what it is , so i 'll follow your advice and have a friend sniff it . 
  if i rev at 4,500 i get the cel light on now . 
  i 've been driving it under 4,000 , and the car runs fine . 
  wonder if switching out the timing chain fixes this , or generally has the car run better . 
  the bill for all 16 spark plugs , coils/wires , and relevant gaskets cost $ 850 . 
  it was pricey , i have been told i could have gotten it cheaper . 
  what do you think ? 
  wait , you 're suggesting this man loses his livelihood after having to have gone to school for 7 years at least , and probably tons of student debt because he made a frivolous suit , and lost ? 
  everyone can sur frivolously , and lose . 
  why make sure he becomes homeless ? 
  it 's so easy for an american to advocate for greece to leave the eu . 
  you 've never needed the support of others to get what you needed . 
  oh wait , you did . 
  in all major wars , and even during your own war of independence you needed the french . 
  what makes you think the greeks can afford that which you did not afford for yourselves ?
