when i was about 13 , my mom had just gotten me my first mobile phone . 
  it was an ericsson t29 . 
  i loved it . 
  she told me not to break it because it was expensive and she was n't about to get me another one . 
  being the forgetful idiot i am , i went swimming with the phone in my pocket . 
  the salt water ate it all up . 
  the following day we visit a friend of hers who had the exact same phone . 
  i switched them and deleted all the data on hers . 
  i felt great that now my mom would never know what i did . 
  quickly though her friend saw her phone was n't working . 
  she blamed it on her 6 year old , and he got a small beating for it . 
  i said nothing . 
  still feel horrible . 
  i am in greece , and growing up in what i considered the cradle of western knowledge am at a dismay that we signed such legislation . 
  it prevents choice , and even regulates what `` fake '' medicine is preventing any country from purchasing cheaper medicine . 
  this is why we 're bankrupt , this is why the rest of the eu will go bankrupt . 
  this is why we belong in the 99 % . 
  it 's the first time i post on reddit , though i clicked on politics , but i must have accidentally click wtf . 
  which makes this a very wtf situation , so all is good . 
  once i realized it , it was too late . 
  now , greeks retire at 67 ( it used to be 65 ) , men and women . 
  the problem is that we 're not competitive in choosing the best and the cheapest . 
  why should we always buy expensive german pharmaceuticals when india produces the same ones at half price ? 
  with acta the indian one 's would be considered knock-off 's , hence block us from buying them . 
  same thing goes for arms here , electricity , cars , etc. . . 
  feel free to ask me anything on greek stereotypes . 
  i am quite the liberal , and have no reason to lie to you . 
  not interested in any form of drug , and consider anyone taking them to be highly stupid . 
  however i think it 's more dangerous to have the government decide what we can or can not consume . 
  like weed ? 
  go for it . 
  will i invite you to my birthday party ? 
  probably not . 
  this is probably going to be buried under all the comments , but oh well . 
  was with my girlfriend of 6 months . 
  she had recently gotten a new job at a caffee not to far from home . 
  ever since she got that job she had always been busy working there . 
  i thought i ought to trust her , and that being at work can only mean she might be making herself more money . 
  one day , whilst in the area with some good friends ( one was going back to uni in the uk ) , i called her up and told i was going to drop by . 
  she begged me not to come because she was way to busy to talk , her boss would get angry , and that she 'd hate to see me and not be able to have some time to us . 
  i thought this was rather suspicious ; so i did n't go , but my friends did go . 
  the excuse was one was leaving and he desperately wanted to say goodbye . 
  they caught her sitting on her boss ' lap , making out . 
  she was 19 , he was a 56 year old arab . 
  she was n't even a virgin . 
  there goes that stereotype . 
  :400 bc] she 's not cuming back . 
  :1942] greek here :, 
  :1942] in 2012 we will receive a massive loan from you . 
  :1942] we are not planning on returning it for what you did yesterday . 
  lol , going to deree college in greece ? 
  checkmate atheists . 
  i am finally happy , and very hopeful to see that somebody understands the real role of an alpha-male , and how testosterone is linked to it ; it is not a coincidence most men desire new women all the time , it is not a coincidence that nearly all men have that feeling of complete indifference right after ejaculation , and it is not a coincidence we all lust after power . 
  well most of us . 
  thank you for providing the biological aspect . 
  very sound advice , and very informative for the rest of reddit . 
  live long and prosper . 
  this is probably going to be buried , but it 's worth the read :, 
  when i was around 5 years old , my sister was 3 . 
  i always thought of her as my guinea pig to try out things i was too chicken shit to try out on my own . 
  one thing that always caught my attention was the clothes/wash room . 
  how in the world would dirty clothes become cleaned , and then dried in those large metallic boxes ? 
  so i decided to find out ; i asked my sister to go in , and she did . 
  i turned on the dryer for about 3 minutes , let her tumble dry a bit , and then stopped the machine . 
  i should have added some bounty come to think of it . 
  however she was fine , and slightly disoriented . 
  airport security rings on her for no apparent reason ever since . 
  tl : dr ; i shoved my sister inside a clothes dryer . 
  for science !, 
  is it just me , but if we spend less time looking at the girl and more time at the dog , it does n't look too happy . 
  so does your comment . 
  hike to the top of your favorite mountain . 
  if you do n't have a favorite mountain , this is the right moment to get one . 
  camp there for a couple of days , tell stories , share hidden life events , open up a $ 400 scotch whiskey , make some good memories . 
  what we used to do , and sometimes when the company is right still do is , no matter where we were , or what we were doing , if someone said `` hammer time !, 
  '' , the person had to begin dancing to the song just like mc hammer does in the video clip . 
  this is fun , especially at border control in airports . 
  another repost , yet this one is actually of worse quality than the first one . 
  nevertheless , very true . 
  she 's one lucky girl , as you are one lucky guy . 
  be ambitious . 
  watch `` chasing amy '' , and eye opener for both you & him . 
  it takes 23 minutes for the first set of signal to be sent . 
  the rest come right after that . 
  in other words , after waiting for 23 minutes , signal would continuously streak in . 
  haha , with that kind of determination he should have challenged you to lose some weight . 
  :p all jokes aside , well done though !, 
  it clearly states high speed rail for the majority of the map , and do correct me if i 'm wrong , but are n't all mass transportation systems centered around dense population areas , hence the reason they 're needed in the first place ? 
  much cheaper than any airline , faster than getting there by car ( and possibly much cheaper too ) . 
  and they 're gay . 
  i have a shih tzu as well , and she ca n't bark like normal dogs for some reason . 
  she generally does n't bark much anyhow . 
  however , whenever someone 's at the door she gives barking a shot . 
  she sounds like a very excited , angry mexican trying to sing along with the rest of the dogs . 
  oh , and her name is obima . 
  how come ? 
  she 's black , and we got her when obama was elected . 
  [ very relevant , here 's a video . 
  nsfl , nopers beware . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuqqftk1sw4 ),
