  are n't you a sweet person . 
  i am planning on going to law school . 
  same here . 
  it 's a prep update . 
  real one should be in real soon . 
  exciting !, 
  this is excellent !, 
  thank you !, 
  fair enough , but nowhere do they mention how they charge $ 9 for saturday delivery . 
  moreover , most of those threads took place during the snowstorm , hence most comments attribute the 3 day deliveries to such . 
  i honestly think this matter merits another thread . 
  hey !, 
  i have a quick question : how is the equipment fee waived ? 
  i just signed on and it was not waived . 
  it 's the direct tv bundle with uverse internet . 
  the customer rep even told me i could purchase my own equipment , which now seems to be a lie . 
  i 'd appreciate any of your advice !, 
  my shipment was coming from california . 
   thanks for being such a sport , though . 
  it really does n't . 
  i 've checked before , and all they say is `` coming soon '' . 
  thanks , though . 
  same here !, 
  and i live in houston , texas . 
  we have an amazon warehouse here as well . 
  moreover , they charged a 10 $ fee for saturday delivery . 
  which means , they could ship it in 2 days , but decided to charge for it instead . 
  i will definitely be calling them tomorrow , this is bullshit . 
  check out the htc a9 , then . 
  wait - the $ 50 drop is * the * drop ? 
  i would hope not . 
  was that the big drop we all expected ? 
  i like htc , i just hope they produce a strong product . 
  i currently have the m8 , skipped the m9 , and want to move to an m10 if it is worth it . 
  the gs7 is a strong product . 
  7 times . 
  you only say that because you ca n't read the original comment that was a reply to . 
  i do n't like being rude to people , whether online or in person . 
  he has deleted his rude comments since . 
  my life in greece . 
  my life in the us . 
  being nude in public . 
  the weather is usually good in texas , and i ca n't be bothered to dress . 
  imagine a walk into your local walmart . 
  seriously ? 
  the na kathiso na psakso na vro to sxolio na se kano xaroumeno ? 
  it 's okay , den tha xalastoume . 
  not everyone upgrades their phone at the same time . 
  it 's like saying because the 6p came out earlier , samsung and lg have no chance . 
  den einai self promotion otan den doulevo pleon stin etairia , oute mou anikei . 
  polu exei traviksei ayto to thema . 
  hardware buttons . 
  two capacitive ones , and one main one that doubles as a fingerprint reader . 
  it decreases bezel . 
  they 're also using the main earpiece as a speaker , so it 'll still have two very strong speakers . 
  i want to read this , but i need paragraph breaks !, 
  haha , it makes it easier for all . 
  because she herself decided to rebrand herself a progressive and not a moderate . 
  obama to my knowledge did not . 
  the lsat asks if english is your firt language . 
  moreover , when you sign up on lsac it asks you about degrees , and your primary address . 
  however , as far as university actually caring ? 
  probably , as your degree would more than likely be from another country . 
  healthcare . 
  we 'll know anything for sure on tuesday . 
  ip 68 is what i needed to heat to seal the deal . 
  so happy !, 
  please elaborate exactly how this phone looks like a gs7 . 
  because it really does n't at all . 
  perhaps , but he did n't say so . 
  whether i should use a thunder stone on pikachu in become yellow , and have him stop following me but gain a stronger pokemon . 
  exeis idea posoi neoi exoun fugei ektos ellados logo oikonmias , kai theoreis pos den exoume dikaioma psifou ? 
  ase pou to akinito mou sunexizetai na forologitai . 
  file , me olo to sumpathio , exeis adiko . 
  ( sugnomi gia ta greeklish , den exo elliniko pliktrologio stin douleia ), 
  would n't you rather not have the best boomsound ( even though it 'll be better than everyone else 's speakers ) , whilst having ip68 ? 
  i think it would be okay , but i guess others might prefer the super loud speakers . 
  but have you ever listened to music * underwater * ? 
  haha, 
  min ksexname to elliniko kratos to arxisan kapoioi ellines tupoi apo tin rosia . 
  how are you adding anything to the discussion with your passive aggressiveness ? 
  it 's not our fault on r/houston that you 're unhappy . 
  haha , that made me chuckle !, 
  no ip68 ? 
  even if an old repost , i stole this from a facebook friend . 
  shameless plug : james cargas is the incumbent to culberson , and be seriously supports light rail and the expansion of public transportation for the 7th district . 
  let 's all vote in candidates that care . 
  culberson makes me mad . 
  thanks !, 
  could you please elaborate on the powder coat ? 
  does it feel very different ? 
  so sorry that i am so clueless . 
  efuga , kai den to exo metaniosei katholou . 
  to mono pou mou leipei einai h thalassa , kai to fagito mas . 
  does anyone else remember the lg arena ? 
  they hyped it up like nothing else , called it the `` iphone killer '' , and promptly abandoned all owners a couple of months later when they went full android . 
  oh , and the gps on it never worked . 
  agreed , i just do n't think it is fair to consider the speaker on the s7 as a `` good '' , it is very far from good . 
  it is adequate . 
  the htc 10 as others posted is still pushing updates to the camera before official launch .
