  look guys !, 
  the guy that does n't live in greece , nor speaks greek wants to have an opinion about greece . 
  get out of here . 
  what did you say ? 
  you did n't like my opinion ? 
  was it also fake news ? 
  sentence of 21 words . 
  you looked at the last 3 , and ignored the other 18 . 
  tell me again why people should listen to a trump supporter on how to run greece ? 
  do you have any idea if we can just add the international talk , without the rest of the fluff for much cheaper ? 
  thanks for all of your help !, 
  one thing is for sure - these tmobile one plans sure proved one thing , that tiers are needed . 
  it made nothing easier . 
  excellent !, 
  this works great . 
  do n't need the extra features , and 10gb of hotspot data is far more than i 'd ever use . 
  i appreciate your help !, 
  greece is a classic case of what a country looks like when it gets buttfucked by unions for decades . 
  do n't get me wrong , unions are useful , but if not regulated and worked correctly , you get greece . 
  i swear , half of my latest comments are in response to the crap you post . 
  you want a republic to be replaced with a kingdom ? 
  and why ? 
  have you experience what it is like to live without democracy ? 
  is america too liberal for you ? 
  what makes you think a king would do things you agree with ? 
  and what happens if you 're wrong , and the king fucks shit up ? 
  how do you react to replace the king ? 
  you ca n't , because you fucking just turned democracy away . 
  sometimes you say something intelligent , and then you come out and say something so retarded that will remind me just how stupid and shortsighted you must be . 
  also , get your head out of your ass ; the `` king '' did far more bad for greece , than he ever did good . 
  of course you would n't know , because you fucking do n't know proper greek history . 
  the catastrophe of smyrna is a direct decision of the king . 
  wow , more dumb shit . 
  so , you advocated earlier for a kingdom , because you liked the way the king did things . 
  now you propose a constitutional monarchy styled after those found in the eu . 
  you know , those monarchies that have almost absolutely no say in anything meaningful . 
  if that 's the case , then why have them altogether since they wo n't be able to do anything you want ? 
  tourist purposes ? 
  do you fancy having one entire family be sponsored by the millions of impoverished greeks to eat with golden spoons ? 
  get a grip , buddy . 
  give me a single good reason why the republic ca n't do all that . 
  just because you say so , is not a good reason . 
  greek !, 
  instead of signing eos he can begin by telling the american people where his own money comes from by releasing his taxes . 
  except an ex trump advisor was caught being a secret agent for turkey , accepting money on behalf of erdogan to lobby trump and congress . 
  the reason he is an `` ex '' is because he was caught lying about his relationship to russia , not because trump got rid of him . 
  and yeah , trump knew about this , and did n't give two shits . 
  if anyone is relying on this dump of a president to do anything serious , you 'll be in for a surprise . 
  i 'm sorry , the moment someone starts with the `` fake news ! '', 
  allegations , i ca n't respond seriously . 
  i suspect the fbi announcing an investigation into trump , and flynn resigning is fake news to you too . 
  oh god , you 're ignoring the facts right in front of you now . 
  trump my dear is part of the trump campaign and is also party to the investigation . 
  moreover , the fbi said they never comment or release information on investigations unless it is very important that the public knows . 
  they released information about the investigation . 
  this means , this is important . 
  if you choose to ignore trump 's russia links , that 's fine . 
  the dems will have to save america again . 
  and trust me , i 'll dig this comment up just to tell you `` i told you so '' . 
  he 's president , of course i single babyhands out . 
  he 's the one i 'm most interested in . 
  there was no evidence of watergate , too . 
  until that is the evidence was released and nixon was impeached . 
  trump 's going to be coming up soon , and oh boy i ca n't wait !, 
  of course !, 
  the only trustworthy guy for you is trump . 
  you know , the guy that had to settle his trump university suit for 25 million , the guy that has been sued about 3000 times . 
  the guy that made up an invoice and gave it to germany . 
  the guy that said he was at the white house today , but was found golfing . 
  the guy that accused obama of wiretapping him , gave no evidence , and has been debunked by so many others as made up . 
  yeah , you can trust the guy that said 3 million illegal aliens voted without any proof , hahahahaha !, 
  mitsotakis , the liberal messiah ? 
  wait , so there is 0 evidence of illegal people voting , and not a single person has come out to back it up , nor is there any data , yet you still believe it 's true . 
  but an open fbi investigation into the president is fake news for you . 
  you 're a complete idiot , and i 'm done wasting my time with you . 
  can only take so much stupid for the day . 
  so essentially every news network , data , and leaks are all fake , with the exception of breitbart and trump . 
  yeah , i 'll be take my chances . 
  you can start with the affordable healthcare act , the auto industry , the stock market , and end with the 4 % unemployment . 
  oh boy , here we go again with the same talking points :, 
  - the clinton foundation is not politics . 
  no one cares . 
  it 's a non profit . 
  it 's not like they used money from their foundation to have a picture of clinton painted , like trump did . 
  - refugees are taking countries hostage ? 
  that 's news !, 
  which ones ? 
  also , russia is the one waging war in syria . 
  obama never set a single soldier there . 
  - drones ? 
  do you think trump is n't using drones as we speak ? 
  sure drones suck , but they lead to less american lives lost . 
  i do understand that makes republicans feel very uncomfortable . 
  - are you actually bringing up well known bs in regards to michigan ? 
  the plan to fix the pipeline is underway . 
  it was not caused by obama . 
  it is the responsibility of the mayor . 
  the plan to fix it underway is a collaboration of the epa and others . 
  - it was the `` patriot act '' bush passed that allowed the us to become a surveillance state . 
  as a matter of fact , obama did n't need to change the law to do what he did , he followed in the foot steps of republicans .
