i do n't see the point to be honest . 
  firstly , no two countries have exactly the same foreign policies , and secondly it just seems unnecessary . 
  all you 're doing is changing who you go to to get a passport , does n't seem to make any sense, 
  but my point is that this inconvenience is so small as to be irrelevant . 
  it would be like people complaining about having two taps instead of one during the london olympics ; it makes such a small difference to your quality of life , and the locals do n't know any other way . 
  it 's such a non-issue, 
  and flushing toilet paper is n't one of those . 
  if there was no sewage system , then sure ; but if there is one where the only problem is that foreigners will have to remember to not flush their paper , then no , that 's a big waste of money, 
  but that is such a tiny thing for quality of life to hinge on . 
  would you rather new tarmac roads and you put your paper in a bin , or the old dirt tracks and you can flush loo paper ? 
  would you rather mobile phone coverage , or you can flush loo paper ? 
  for what it 's worth , that is n't how the sewage works in my country . 
  but when i visit countries where it does work like that , it really does n't make any difference whatsoever to my quality of life, 
  the hotels , considering the only downside to the sewage is that you have to put your paper in a bin , which is what they 've been doing their entire lives and would still continue to do if they could flush it . 
  the hotels will host tourists that will boost their economy , the sewage will fix a problem that simply does n't exist, 
  yes but the gain is minimal , especially when in russia it 's the norm . 
  but this is n't a hotel problem , this is a local infrastructure problem that would require replumbing and resourcing water for the entire area , something that would cost billions alone , for not that big of a gain , especially when the rest of the country has the same sytems, 
  with the things * i 've * heard , there would be nothing awkward about it, 
  i 've been in that situation , it 's not pleasant but that 's what you 've got to do ; if you flush the paper , it 'll just block the pipes so it 's either have a smelly bin , or a shit-covered floor, 
  you would rank flushing toilet paper over heating ? 
  you think it 's more important to not have to put toilet paper in a bin than be warm throughout the winter olympics ? 
  but you ca n't just go and replace a whole town 's sewage system so people can flush paper instead of putting it in a bin , that 's an enormous waste of money for the slightest of gain, 
  not necessarily , the surrounding sewage system might not be ready for it and it 's better to be safe than sorry, 
  no worries , it seemed a bit chippy but then so did mine now i read it back, 
  i 'd just never seen it before , that 's all, 
  that 's some interesting flair you 've got there, 
  but that 's like saying going from boston to new york to pennsylvania is n't much ; you 're ignoring vast swathes of the continent, 
  so euphoric, 
  geologically , but not politically , culturally or in terms of a definition of europe, 
  garfield , mckinley , kennedy and lincoln i think, 
  but this seems to be more of a cultural issue than just an economic one . 
  you ca n't blame gang rape on poverty , it just does n't work, 
  you wear no flair , so i can not slag your country off . 
  therefore i shall presume you are ashamed of your country , and call you french, 
  well then you stand on an island of shame !, 
  shame i tell you !, 
  get out . 
  just , just get out , that is beyond wrong, 
  not safe for ingestion , surely ? 
  not safe for italians ? 
  very good point , and we 're not immune to it in europe . 
  however the americas list is overwhelmingly made up of us killings , whereas the europe list happens in different countries . 
  we europeans are made up of far more people in very diverse countries ; whilst the us is n't one homogenous blob , it does n't represent the same extreme diversity we have here in europe . 
  however you 're right : european massacres are n't reported as much , perhaps because they do n't sell as many newspapers . 
  apart from utoya , derrick bird and dunblane , i could n't name a single european mass killing off the top of my head to be honest, 
  that makes sense , and with young adults school or university is the only constant they have had in their lives to rebel against . 
  i think it also has something to do with the mass grouping of people in the same place : take for example the cinema attack in colorado earlier this year . 
  but you and your philosophy teacher 's idea , in my opinion , probably holds water, 
  my first reaction was ` where did it happen this time ? 
  ' , not ` wow , what a shock . ', 
  this wo n't be a popular opinion but i 'm just not surprised every time there 's a mass killing in the states . 
  it happens every few months , regular as clockwork and whilst it 's sad every time it happens , i honestly ca n't say it 's shocking or surprising anymore edit : turns out this is a popular opinion , i 'm not the only one jaded by the us ' massacres, 
  woo number one !, 
  * cough * we 're back on top where we belong !, 
  yeah !, 
  * wheez *, 
  as long as you do n't literally have your hands down her pants , it 's cool . 
  you want to stay behind to chat ? 
  fine . 
  you want to go out for a beer ? 
  cool . 
  you want to go over to theirs for dinner ? 
  this is fine . 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of europe , but here in the uk we tend to have clear lines between friends and anything more . 
  when i worked in france , by best ( french ) friends were at least five years older than me , and i was good chums with people from the town who were at least 10 years , maybe 15 years older than me ; as a 19 year old , i had no problem with this . 
  sex does n't hang around every corner here , do n't you worry about it . 
  and , as an aside , it 's about time i was back in touch with those french friends of mine !, 
  oh what , you want independence too ? 
  jesus christ guys , do we smell or something ? 
  yeah sorry , we 're flooding the border out of spite, 
  and scotland , if she becomes independent, 
  for me , the attitude you mention exactly * is * the direct cause of shootings . 
  these things happen so often over there because of the culture you highlight , in my opinion . 
  people tend to write down in censuses whatever religion they were brought up in ; people feel like they ought to have a religion of some kind , even if they have n't been to church since their wedding, 
  what kind of things are restricted in europe to achieve this ? 
  i dunno , it 's just a phrase !, 
  the emphasis is on as , so it ends up sounding like dullaz , one word . 
  i genuinely like the french one though !, 
  much better than asking a non-specific deity to watch over our monarch , which is dull as, 
  of course when casablanca was filmed , france was n't a country ; it was split into nazi land and vichy . 
  hugely moving scene . 
  i vow to thee gets me all wobbly . 
   we may not count her armies , we may not see her king ;  her fortress is a faithful heart , her pride is suffering ;  and soul by soul and silently her shining bounds increase ,  and her ways are ways of gentleness , and all her paths are peace . 
  shivers down the spine . 
  what verse is this ? 
  i like the french one , about violently murdering their fellow frenchmen :  to arms , citizens !, 
   form your battalions !, 
   march on , march on ;  may the impure blood  flow in the furrows !, 
  but at least they left some natives behind , and gave them their own country when they realised they were in the wrong . 
  of course every european country has a lot of dark , dark history , but at least it 's history . 
  pretty bold of you , captain greece , to turn up on a comment about debts ... 
  knowing all of these won me # 5 in a pubquiz once . 
  good times . 
  at least we only oppressed and occasionally slaughtered in our colonies ; they went full on holocaust . 
  god . 
  damn . 
  i 'm not sure i want to prevent the american revolution ... they can keep it for all i care, 
  but it looks cool !, 
  i really like it , you gear your mind up for the question before it even appears, 
  it 's very hard to explain , but i think because i feel as much european as english .
