how is it eastern european ? 
  it 's central or southern ( or both ), 
  it 's logical since swedish and norwegian are nordic languages , and finnish is only related to hungarian and some uralic ones . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bd/flag_of_estonia_proposed_in_1919.svg/330px-flag_of_estonia_proposed_in_1919.svg.png this is an actually proposed flag, 
   i should n't eat meat on fridays it 's just a suggestion , not a rule, 
  allowing the passage for thousands of illegal imigrants is n't what should be considered an act of solidarity, 
  they secured their borders , and made it so you have to enter by a road . 
  so it shouldnt be a problem for ordinary people, 
   from the country that you guys get your independence from . 
  your flair does n't say `` ottoman empire '' ;|, 
  itt : people who do n't understand the dank memes, 
  buka is one creepy creature, 
  i would expect the most powerful state in the world to have such plans for literally every country, 
  and use a better colour scheme, 
  you mean like [ this ] ( http://www.warrelics.eu/forum/attachments/ss-uniforms-insignia/278016d1323739481-textbook-black-ss-officers-cap-sale-_m2f8456.jpg ), 
  this is one of those moments where i wish you could detect sarcasm in text as easily as in speech, 
   dirty [ sadly ] ( http://ocdn.eu/images/pulscms/mze7mdmsmze0ldasmcwxozazldasmmy4ldasmtswyywxzdc0y2i0mtcwntk1mdqznjyyownhymq2mdzmntbmniwxldasniww/0e79c17cdc1e36c80c2a754dffc76cb3.jpg ), 
  only word i could recognise was `` kurwa '', 
  slavs with a different language / s, 
  do n't worry , most of our byd\u0142o emigrated west, 
  back in those days your * stan * was far more important than nationality . 
   even though this is how lithuanians [ 3 ] remember it ... :( is that so ? 
  that sounds like some brainwashing to me, 
   `` charlie hebdo are n't heros , they 're islamophobes asking for trouble . '', 
  but that 's true , unless this is how you 're usual french humor looks like ( i have no idea ), 
   christianity went through a reformation period and so europe is n't burning witches and gays and stuff . 
  you should know that most of the witch burning happened as a result of the reformation, 
  how we pronounce german words in polish context is quite acceptable ( at least i think ) . 
  some things that are off are \u00fc as / i / and \u00f6 as / e /, 
  that dub is horrible . 
  now i 'm really glad we have lektor ( one-man-voiceover with the original audio still audible ) in poland instead . 
   saudi arabia is shit . 
  yes , the perfect reason, 
   its the dark ages . 
  then come the renaissance . 
  none of the countries mentioned in that pic actually called themselves communist . 
  you might as well claim that with democratic republics . 
  and i 'm not defending communism , just saying that this image is bad and should n't get reposted every time there 's a post regarding communism, 
   true democracy not sure if you 're joking but the eu has little to with the outdated british system, 
   well , all my lithuanian friends claim the geographical center of europe is close by vilnius bad logic for defining a centre  and the czech language , culture and everything is closely related to other countries in the east and less to germany , switzerland and austria . 
  some czechs would disagree, 
   a country that can not protect its borders is a joke . 
  exactly , that 's one of the reasons for countries to exist, 
  i 'm saying that as in some countries it makes vote invalid fyi, 
  that 's right , and an x means two lines crossing inside the square , if you draw outside the vote is still valid, 
  not mine , 
  czech republic is literally in the center of the european landmass . 
  i do n't understand how anyone can look at the map and think it 's eastern . 
  elaborate, 
  warlord and warlordship wounds better to me . 
  safe voter base for the party that let them in . 
  that 's not wrong , it 's just countries ' marine teritory, 
  or western bulgaria ... 
  the europarliament election turnout was very low and his party 's supported decided to be active, 
  no ,  not upholding current way of funding political parties from government budget could mean anything, 
  this poll is useless . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with that . 
  that 's how languages always worked in the places where several cultures meet -- especially so before standardised language was a thing, 
  funny how it seems strange to you , to us you speak in very similar manner to russians ( except the words themselves ), 
   even have a woman as head of state . 
  germans never had a woman president . 
  would n't rate of birth per total population give a better outlook ? 
  what counts a family ? 
  a married couple ? 
  not a very good measurement if that 's the case, 
  shh , foreigners are n't supposed to know that, 
  tl ; dr of your comment : articles with unreliable sources are good as long as they fit my agenda . 
  well , the swastika is one of the finnish national symbols . 
  russia is in europe . 
  well , it would n't hurt to try, 
  well , hendrik ilves is a native english speaker, 
   and there is nothing wrong with a population reduction . 
  imo there are way too many people in this world already . 
  maybe in africa and asia , certainly not in europe, 
  has n't this been proved wrong for mixing old chinese pronunciation and modern characters ? 
  ( or something like that ), 
  autonomous regions are n't some crazy things . 
  actually many countries have them and even two of romania 's neighbours . 
  that 's because most countries in europe have estabilished laws concerning ethnic minorities . 
  one exception is lithuania . 
  also , bear in mind that they are autuchtonic people of those regions , lithuanians were a minority just 100 years ago, 
  til you 're an extremist if you want autonomy, 
  just because the subject bothers you and you do n't like ; doesnt mean that it should be censored from the main page and appear only in a containment zone, 
  make a petition ? 
  also , we stole the flag itself from czechs in beginning of 20th century . 
  well , if that was a joke it was a shitty one . 
  shame on you . 
  deleting the thread is n't an answer . 
  77 % people upvoted it so it should stay up . 
  that 's what people want to see on the subreddit if they vote that way, 
   poland joining germany poland had taken lands of very small area , with majority polish population , without bloodshed . 
  and czechoslovakia managed to grab zaolzie twenty years later when we had our newly regained independence at stake and were dealing with that instead . 
  well mehmed . 
  take in mind that canada has a fair share of ukrainians in the praeries . 
  dude , no one cares . 
  pretty much every polish politician is a vocal kremlin critic . 
   ireland does n't have official id cards outside of passports why, 
  use some fucking commas . 
  check some more modern one , you really ca n't, 
  still , just because communism is unrealistic , it does n't mean that those systems were communist .
