  would the british occupation zones stay where they are ? 
  quality argument mate, 
   join the european union  solve problems dude, 
   if one day ukraine manages to join the eu not happening . 
  is he wearing the hungarian crown ? 
  [ this site ] ( http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/import/show/all/0901/2013/ ) is pretty much the same thing with better ui . 
  you do n't actually know much about belarus , do you ? 
  what 's wrong with nationalism ? 
  it 's nice to see some quality political discussion , that 's why i love this site, 
  could you point out the actual flaws instead of just calling them `` retarded '', 
   freemason guy and nationalist guy who are you refering to ? 
  wow , how dare someone have a different opinion from me !, 
   my point is that some of them ( ... ) are claiming that they 're successors of ancient lithuanians . 
  how is that implied by presence of their ( and yours ) national symbols , and statues of their leaders ? 
  those are quite different situations . 
  one of them is two nations sharing long and continous history in one realm , and remembering it . 
  the other one is a nation claiming history of another , who `` created '' it long before they themselves came to the land and declared it as theirs . 
  this issue reminds me of the term `` prussian '' . 
  in english , it is primarily used to describe germans in kingdom of prussia . 
  we in poland however , only use it for baltic nation that existed before xiii century ( so called old prussians ) . 
  this is not a problem , most likely because all of them were either killed or germanised . 
  belarussians have as much of right to call their nation a successor to grand duchy of lithuania as you do . 
  actually , the group is so irrelevant that its general of 4chan is its biggest achievement . 
  funny how some radical atheists claim to be superior to christians in terms of intellect , yet they use terms like `` zombie worship '' . 
  it does that they fail art understanding what religion is about . 
  i 'd say it 's pretty dumb to trivialise the entire philosophical and cultural movement under that . 
  well before those things , there was no one state called germany , so you 're kind of right, 
  well there are more people in bavaria than in austria so it makes sense to put it that way, 
  major polish cities also have presidents , do they not exist ? 
  and how else would you call this guy ? 
  no , it 's because if they released it all at once every one would forget about it in a month, 
  was that reference intentional ? 
  there is nothing wrong with supporting mikl\u00f3s horthy . 
  nice hungarian cross : ^ ), 
   while buying a nescaffe / r/hailcorporate, 
  most likely chechens, 
  western bulgaria, 
   i really think that there must be some kind of language barrier on that no there is no language barrier , it literally means the same thing, 
  political parties get money from the country 's budget here, 
   and polish \u0141 = serbian \u041b ; l = \u0409 i was talking about how these are equivalent , not that they sound the same anyway this is a common sound process , there are even some serbian words where l became o, 
  what about afrikaans ? 
  what 's wrong with our w ? 
  and polish \u0141 = serbian \u041b ; l = \u0409, 
   for finland it 's this hilltop in koli national park . 
  i though finland and hilltops do n't go together, 
  because people need a scapegoat and ca n't realize that some people have different opinions, 
  belarusian is understandable and we have common heritage of i & ii republics, 
  well to be honest there 's not much to slovakian history . 
  you 'd basically be learning about hungary, 
  belarus is just as close culturally and speech-wise , but in different direction, 
  no one cares most of russia is n't ruthenia but russians manage just fine, 
  i think it 's pretty cool , reminds me of a cruise ship, 
  we have [ this ] ( http://fotopolska.eu/foto/84/84277.jpg ) [ thing ] ( http://www.polskaniezwykla.pl/pictures/original/277696.jpg ), 
  chinese history is in no way continuous, 
  omg , some people here complain that poland is ruled from bruxelles . 
  but you have it real bad since you 're not even a member, 
  you thought wrong . 
  find me a historical event that jews have n't been blamed for . 
  lecs\u00f3 - letcho langos - langosh oh my god , so hard to say, 
  yeah , most of the actual ukrainian refugees go to russia ... so you could say putin 's plan about taking over ukraine has workd . 
  it can happen irl when a person reads one kind of newspapers, 
  we only have black coal . 
   the first is that r\u0103zboi might derive from latin `` res bellum '' ( affair of war ) . 
  lmao it 's not . 
  the person who came up with that theory had a case of ass pain and wanted everything to come from glorious roman imperial language and not some slav-speak, 
  as an atheist , i like pizza, 
  this argument is bullshit . 
  if asia minor was full of christian greeks no one would state this . 
  one of the real reasons is turkey having bigger population than germany and failed states of iraq and syria, 
  you realize we will be paying more than receiving starting from the next year, 
   after the fall of the soviet union they have been taking in european money germany benefitted greatly by having access to the polish market , more than we have from getting `` free euromonies '', 
  he was a g\u00f3ral first, 
  because some russian dialects and ukrainian has voiced h instead of g as a sound , that 's the reason probably, 
  is n't that archaic ? 
  i heard the term `` szlovakok '' before or smth, 
  before 19th century it was an integral part of hungary, 
  it was a country created when serbia took a piece of bulgaria . 
  they claim to be descendants of ancient macedonians . 
  not really a nation , just bulgarians who think they 're different, 
  people laugh at eg . 
  `` italian americans '' that have literally no connection to italian culture apart from having a great-great-grandfather from there, 
  there are several documentaries on the matter . 
  most of the world does not use this subreddit . 
  it 's not representative of the society at all, 
  geez , what a surprise / s, 
  i know . 
  it 's just that the polish equivalent ( ksi\u0105\u017c\u0119 ) can mean both a duke and a prince , i never know which is which . 
  but duke would be probably more accurate to be translated as voivode . 
  the first tzar was bulgarian . 
  knyaz means a duke or a voivode . 
   except russia , ukraine , belarus and other ex-ussr countries why not there ? 
  a person can own more than one firearm . 
   the mother of democracy wow , you realize that period 200 years ? 
  after that a lot has happened . 
  they even had their own empire . 
  and not just any one , but the f ` ing roman empire . 
  they 're a national celebrity that unites the country . 
  a state symbol much like a flag or a hymn . 
  and that goes for a whole dynasty , not just one monarch . 
  if you want call galicia-lodomeria relevant , then you 're out of your mind,
