  nope , that 's not the reason . 
  at least not the only one . 
  she is very well known in poland on the other hand, 
   we would n't know how to queue what are you talking about ? 
  the people of the eastern bloc were experts at this . 
   d\u017eingulis i like the name . 
  see [ this ] ( https://johnconners.files.wordpress.com/2007/05/left-handed-writing-description.jpg?w=900 ) , not the exact thing , but it conveys my point, 
  the hassle imo would be with pushing the pen into paper , as it 's the leading element in that case , not the hand, 
  do n't understand me wrong . 
  everything 's easy if you 're used to it , but the corelation between writing direction and hand used is not objective . 
  and i 'm talking about cursive script excusively , as it matters much less with reading or carving inscriptions in stone or whatever . 
  look at left handed people writing left-to-right script , such as latin . 
  the way they hold the tool must change and it becomes kind of awkward . 
  the arabic is pretty much the same as the forementioned example , but mirrored . 
  unless the way of writing is different in itself . 
  is it really confortable writing a right-to-left script with your right hand ? 
  to me it seems like it would be a pointless hassle, 
  i meant the actual data was ugly , with so many americans on a european subreddit, 
  fuck off with the shitty borat-tier jokes . 
  not * really * exclusive to us , other countries celebrate the armistice on that date as well . 
   guns i though everyone in bosna had them ... 
  links ? 
   italy is geopolitically not existent right now . 
  same for the last couple years in poland but it 's going to change with the new government , at least a bit, 
  why ca n't people on reddit learn , foreign relations have always been hypocritical and will always be . 
  it 's not about climate change , it 's about not ruining our economy . 
  see the top comment in this thread . 
  no shit , countries have double standards, 
  everyone in the region buys from them , it 's the cheapest, 
  the only sane post in this thread . 
  this was on state/public tv channel . 
  you seem to be overreacting . 
  really ? 
  seems like it 's hypocritical , especially when combined with the german national guilt . 
  eastern europe , the leach of eu / s, 
   gaybourhood is this really a thing ? 
   the government will look like completely incompetent idiots if something happens right after ending their terror alert ... by the way , which government is behind this ? 
  is the federal one involved ? 
  it 's interesting that both pis and fidesz got into power , lost it for 8 years then regained it, 
   using meme arrows outside of the four chan also , muslims had their reformation , but it caused them to be more radical , unlike christianity . 
  why is this question being asked ? 
  exactly what russia has been doing for the last 400 years . 
  his goals are really simple : keep or turn neighboring countries into puppet states ; sell expensive gas to them ; make russia great again ( in short ), 
   directly elected parliament has less credibility than fire department the government can make people lives worse or do them wrong . 
  fire departaments have relatively simple job, 
  more like czechia, 
   the balkan 's countries are literally just called the balkan 's who is this balkan guy ? 
   this woman who said that is unmarried , childless , in her sixties and she 's from a party where multiple mps have more than 5 children ... and next spoke the leader of the party - a bachelor born in 1949 so ? 
  i would be more worried if she told that people should follow her in being `` unmarried , childless and old '' . 
  i 'm not a fan of paw\u0142owicz either , but it takes some humility to not set yourself as the perfect example in that matter . 
  it was n't too bad , not sure what you 're getting at . 
  even when it divided , the majority supported its existance, 
  political union does n't mean creation of one state , it just means closer cooperation . 
  why ? 
  it was a response to that specific comment, 
  you already did that long ago . 
  polonisation of lithuanians , belarusians , ukrainians and smaller groups ( dunno if it counts ) it was n't really a polonisation , but not knowing polish during the 1st republic was like not knowing english in modern age . 
  you could live without it , but it brought possibilities, 
  there 's no such thing as `` republic of ireland '', 
   in wwii there was one enemy , the nazis . 
  that sounds like a pretty bad revisionism, 
  the homosexuals have all the rights , they just do n't have their privileges in some countries, 
  a one that did n't come from the state ? 
  i do n't recall any but wikipedia mentions [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tarn%c3%b3w_rail_station_bomb_attack ), 
   is nationality a race , sex or religious thing ? 
  yes , it can be considered a `` race thing '', 
  how is the book written in romanian ? 
  the original version users a lot of archaisms , especially in the dialogues, 
  it already is, 
  you seem offended, 
  source ? 
   connect it to belarus that 's a delusional thing to say, 
  [ ru\u0292a\u0272ski ], 
  your arguments remind me of [ this ] ( http://www.meh.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/meh.ro10262.png ) emberrasing, 
  because no one writes these in russian really i believe that in hungarian , czech , slovakian , spanish and others they are mandatory and in some cases are counted as separate letters, 
  the truth is the investigation was botched thanks to both polish and russian government . 
  it 's probably too late to fix that now . 
  i hear the welsh are using their language more and more, 
  i would say they 're as much nationalistic as jobbik ( jobbik spokesman congratulated them when they got into sejm ) , but not as intolerant . 
  i got the impression it was other way round, 
  the titles are click-baity but he makes a good point in some of them, 
   no way 50 % is too high or too low ? 
  we 'll gladly take our people back lol, 
   esthonia was a common alternative english spelling prior to 1921 . 
  - wikipedia, 
  he 's probably reffering to the concept that poorer eu members would have to keep their share of refugees in camps so they do n't just run to germany, 
  what the fuck is a `` student diversity officer '' ? 
  this only true for english , the witcher books have had other slavic versions for a long time now . 
   the country that wants to limit migration because so many people from eastern europe came to the uk ? 
  i do n't see your point there . 
  most people have not moved to the uk , it makes no sense to put the two groups together . 
  and this brain drain is in no way beneficial to our interests . 
  if uk 's politicians are deserving of their jobs , they will realize it . 
  the secret behind the polish number being so low is ... the unemployed just moved to western europe . 
  poe 's law in action, 
  personal projection i guess . 
  and it 's not like they 're recent immigrants - some have been there for generations, 
  the polish results surprise me, 
   young males with poor social skills and life experience true  white lol, 
  they are good excuses,
