i ca n't collect sources right now but 3 water multinationals combined had 5 parliament members in greece during 2009-2012 . 
  at least one of them received payment , the rest had history with the companies , and i mean high positions . 
  i collectively assume that all these 3 companies ( veolia , one spanish and another one , i think french as well ) are dirty ( granted , without solid clues ) . 
  water offer-demand dynamics do n't allow it to be classified into the negotiable goods . 
  when a public entity can run its own water business , it would be stupid to invite investors to buy water rights . 
  stupid , or corrupt . 
  but we all know how the market tends to expand and incorporates former fortresses , one after the other . 
  students making tatoos on their foreheads with company logos for example . 
  for some people , everything is for sale . 
  for stagnant capitals , what 's better than the sure thing : public enterprises , built and reputed since decades , often after painful struggles ( see relocation of people during dam constructions ) ? 
  a serious discussion has to take place concerning the limits of markets . 
  they have done wonders but they are meant to have risks . 
  water business has no risks . 
  i read most comments and noone seems to see what i regard as the key criterion that decides greeks ' voting . 
  it 's not the person or the ideology or the positions and suggestions or personal , often unholy , interests ( not that these do not constitute the main criterion for many people ; it 's simply that they are not the * key * ones ) . 
  it is the administrative capability , the competency . 
  i can hear heads exploding , but wait a second : for instance in germany , there are some parties that ask for your vote . 
  they are all considered to be sensible , not that corrupt , you know that whoever forms a government they are not gon na destroy your country . 
  here it is the opposite : you try to find the single one that will manage to not destroy your country , if you find one . 
  in fact this is ( edit : * not * ) a novel thought . 
  eu leaders from day one of greek crisis tried to portray syriza as an unreliable party , saying more or less that pasok and nd are the only reliable options , serious enough to not let the country go down the drain ( a bit too corrupt , but ok ... ) . 
  greeks , however , have a different opinion . 
  we all knew how corrupt pasok was , nd was a bit less so but we saw how during the crisis it did its best to not touch its friends and avoided true reforms . 
  more and more people just do n't consider pasok or nd reliable anymore ( they consider them to be some joke party , dangerous , sorta like syriza was portrayed by its international opponents ) . 
  if syriza fails this time to do something , its percentages will forever fall below 25 % , perhaps 20 % , and soon it will disappear . 
  20 % is not a small vote pool , but it 's this 15 % extra that decides things and this will evaporate the moment syriza actually proves to be incompetent . 
  eu played the game very bad . 
  they should from day one insist that the former bipolar system was corrupt , they should insist that these 2 parties clear their inside . 
  this way they might manage to renovate them . 
  but no , they still accept them in euparl as equal partners and they are always welcomed for discussions with the most important persons in eu . 
  i wish we were like germany . 
  with a solid public core , with governments unable to derail because the immovable core of public organisations and managers will object ridiculous ideas . 
  here we instead replace many managers every time we have elections so there is nothing to oppose even the craziest idea . 
  i become pm , i replace the director of an organisation , i have a crazy idea , the new director of course says yes , other members of the organisation say the idea is dumb , the director calls them dumb instead . 
  you become pm , you have a crazy idea , the ( old and immovable ) director says it is dumb , you shut up . 
  there is a lack of independent organisations here and it is both nd and pasok 's fault . 
  300 seats . 
  250 are divided proportionally among the parties that managed to pass the 3 % threshold . 
  50 seats go to the first party . 
  the more votes go to parties that fail to pass the threshold , the less votes are required for the first party to gain absolute majority . 
  for example , if all parties that get at least 1 vote all exceed 3 % , then the 1st party needs 40 % to get 150 seats while if 10 % of votes are `` wasted '' on parties that failed to enter , then the first party needs 36 % for 150 seats . 
  the 40 % comes like this : 40 % of 250 seats is 100 seats , plus 50 seats the bonus . 
  in the past ( 1980 to 2010 ) the two leading parties would routinely get over 80 % combined . 
  it was not rare to see your party exceed 40 % and yet end up second . 
  still , no party managed to exceed 50 % , so some bonus was needed because how to form a government without opposition ( or with communists being the only opposition ) or with the 2nd government ally being almost as strong as you ? 
  the 3 % threshold is important , else you would have `` olympiakos '' and panathinaikos '' parties . 
  or , more seriously , turkish western thrace parties ... 
  yes . 
  syriza is currently ahead but it 's not clear , unlike last elections . 
  anel is never going to coop with pasok . 
  the presence of nazis and kke , plus pu and anel who will secure 30 - 50 + seats make it mathematically next to impossible for nd to form a government * if * it finishes 2nd , unless if syriza makes the self-torpedoing move of cooping with them . 
  if syriza is 2nd then nd will easily form a government and syriza wo n't participate . 
  if syriza is 1st it may still be unable to form a government with anel * but * i heard rumours that they found common grounds with potami but such an alliance will not work for more than perhaps 9 months . 
  i find it impossible to disagree with op . 
  it is almost as if i wrote the article . 
  it is however certain that one of his numbers will fail : since i agree with his numbers and since i always miss a number ... 
  about 7 % of greeks are carriers of thalassemia , a genetic disease . 
  a carrier has limited drawbacks but is immune to malaria , while a patient has severe problems . 
  the large prevalence of these genes mean that malaria has been a major problem for a long time in the area . 
  the fact that malaria incidents have fallen to around 50 per year lately does not reflect the past , when there were many thousand patients per year . 
  malaria has been combated pretty successfully but it has not been eradicated completely . 
  plus , there is west nile virus and other mosquito-transmitted diseases that appear more and more often . 
  50 years ago wolves were an issue but i have not heard of any recent deaths . 
  back then , even an armed man had no chance if he was caught by wolves . 
  very rarely i hear about deaths from vipers , but i was present in one incident that did not make it into the news , perhaps because the victim was a young military officer . 
  it was a military exercise and many young conscripts were participating , so if it made it into the news a lot of parents would panick . 
  so , perhaps there are unreported deaths by vipers . 
  i did not suggest to let everything rot !, 
  i simply suggested to avoid new projects for which investment returns take a longer time . 
  greece did the opposite : during golden times it built roads and now not only it does not build new stuff , it does not even replace traffic lights bulbs . 
  when there is a recession and unemployment tends to rise , the cost of a new investment relatively falls and since it takes some years for it to start paying off it will do so during the next golden times . 
  the key for this to happen is to know how to handle development and recession cycles and accumulate surpluses when it is raining money , something that germany knows very well . 
  when your employment is high you keep doing your thing . 
  when employment falls , it is time for infrastructure and training , provided you have managed to accumulate your surpluses from the previous golden times . 
  germany is doing well . 
  unrestrained capitalism can be applied to a limited extent for a limited time . 
  it is not a serious long-term economic system , and in any case it can not be applied without compromises . 
  how to agree with an article saying that competition inside a union is more important than cooperation , calling this `` darwinism '' ? 
  i 'm not even sure whether my idea is good . 
  in any case , the forced labor should be something like 4 hours per week , mostly symbolic and mobilising and mind-opening , while transportation discount should help with job seeking . 
  unemployed people are entitled to financial support under the condition to undertake some public service ( clean roads , pack garbage , help in hospitals ) for some hours per week . 
  they should also have the usual obligations such as to actively seek for job and go to interviews . 
  unemployed people who fulfill those criteria enjoy discount on public transportation . 
  i agree . 
  minimum wage in greece is enough for like 600 beers from supermarket , even if beer is more expensive here . 
  a reasonable price in a bar or tavern or whatever starts from 2.5 e although cafes now sell coffee at 2 e. pretty bad map . 
  there are no places in greece that have not been hit badly by earthquakes for a whole 5000 years so it is nearly impossible to find standing structures that old . 
  i have been to one such old site , poliochne in lemnos , its walls were somehow in their place but , uhm , a 7.0 earthquake or so takes place nearby every 250 years max . 
  upvoted you though , it 's getting tiring to hear that greece had all the good stuff simply because they had script a bit earlier and they documented stuff . 
  it 's not going to last for long . 
  greece is pressured too much , the flows have multiplied this year and greece , italy , turkey and other countries worldwide are suffering . 
  i fear that good will and tolerance will end soon . 
  the expectations mostly . 
  you are a trader in the other end of the world , you hear that syriza is now ruling greece . 
  what is syriza , you ask . 
  radical left , they answer . 
  ok , i avoid greece , you conclude . 
  even in the interior of the country , the wealthier people had poor expectations even before the elections ( bank run slowly started almost 2 months earlier ) . 
  surely i have no idea whether expectations played a key role in the bank run and the economic downturn and not a secondary role . 
  now , whose fault is it that expectations were poor , this is beyond my understanding .
