  so if a peninsula has lots of mountains , it takes more steps to cover it . 
  many mapmakers were too lazy to make their own maps and they instead took ancient maps and fixed a few spots ( `` fixed '' ) . 
  its 3 legs are in reality of almost equal width , but the map shows the easternmost leg ( athos mountain ) to be twice as wide as the other two . 
  this because it has a very high altitude , over 2000m , while the other two are 300 and 700 metres max . 
  also crete is fatter towards the west , where the highest mountains are . 
  but , yeah , it is a messy map . 
  keep in mind , though , that if varoufakis indeed told hedge funds that he had to hack his own systems because they were run by troika , while further below he said that he did n't really believe that an agreement would be possible until august 20 ( we are still in negotiations , keep in mind ) , then he might indeed be accused for treason , simply for admitting the difficulty he has to control his own ministry , something that would push interests up , even after greece gets access to markets , not to mention how dangerous is to speak out in the middle of negotiations . 
  i believe that the quote by alexander dugin refers to an agreement i heard about , that russia does not help greece in exchange for allowing it to annex 2 eastern ukraine cities and the surrounding area . 
  as for your first paragraph , yes , you are correct but this is true for all big collective parties , including nea dimokratia . 
  as for your last paragraph , large parts of syriza would like to see capitalism collapse and some of them would be more than eager to sacrifice their own country for the cause , but the majority want to see a more fair greek society , like a true leftish wishes . 
  there are already enough pro-russian parties in greece ( communists and kammenos ' party are clearly pro-russian ) . 
  it is too surficial and eventually incorrect to assume that syriza is pro-russian ( heck it bought us weapons , it thanked obama ( !!!, 
  ) , and the pipeline agreement with russians is a farce , it will never work ) . 
  it does n't matter how much you need your car . 
  it is a dangerous activity and it requires quite some skill . 
  i believe that half the drivers out there are bad drivers and many of them are even dangerous drivers . 
  they should have their licenses removed . 
  for those in remote places perhaps some local licenses could be issued , in order to drive from your house to your village but that 's it . 
  i once had a conversation with one of the remaining pasok supporters . 
  i told him that simitis had to warn the public about the stock market bubble . 
  i was underaged and i was able to see , yet he kept answering `` stock market goes great '' . 
  he should warn the public , when you start from 820 and you exceed 1600 in something like 3 months you have to say something . 
  it went above 7000 before it popped . 
  furthermore , during his time we failed to fix our trade deficit , we increased gdp but debt increased even faster and we pay this now . 
  he was better than most recent pms but he is involved in some major scandals that cost us billions and perhaps our sovereignity . 
  it is easy to avoid scandals , is n't it ? 
  well , i do n't like him . 
  he does n't look like a greek , does n't talk or move or smile like a greek . 
  he seems to use his position and publicity in order to create a value , just like a star . 
  a politician should be more humble . 
  that said , i certainly do n't like schauble 's repetition of populist phrases . 
  merkel is closer to what i consider to be a serious politician . 
  it will have an effect , it will increase the prices in greece . 
  the migration of greeks is promoted by some politicians in greece . 
  for many years , even before the crisis , greece tried its best to conceal the amount of unemployed people : increasing admissions to universities , earlier pensions , excluding unemployed doctors , engineers and lawyers from the stats , offering stupid subsidies for businesses that struggle to survive even for 4 years ( the minimum required for the subsidy to not be recalled in most cases ) . 
  i did not know the need for airspace to coincide with territorial waters . 
  thanks for letting us know , but your claim that since waterspace is at 6 miles then airspace should shrink as well looks like trolling . 
  it seems so . 
  it 's the only place where hordes of commenters praise simitis ' times . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.tovima.gr/politics/article/?aid=722553 ) article in a greek newspaper ( in greek ) describes the plan . 
  it is from july 15 , ten days before . 
  it has no valid sources , and other newspapers in greece did not replicate it . 
  to me it looks like an imaginary story . 
  this greek newspaper supports pasok , it has a limited variety in its themes but the majority of the commenters are spectacularly against syriza , so i ca n't trust it . 
  it looks like this , but in reality greeks want to have a balanced budget without huge unemployment , and allow me to say without asset depreciation . 
  the gdp contraction is doomed to produce red loans which leads to unfair solutions : either you get a haircut while the other guy pays back in full , or you go to prison for something that you had not way to predict ( a 40 % reduction in salary without any reduction in cost of living ) . 
  what is its unemployment ? 
  i think that long-term unemployment above a certain level means there is a real danger for severe political crisis . 
  i ca n't say anything encouraging for any country with over 20 % unemployment . 
  many people from the junta were involved with politics , mainly inside nea dimocratia ( right-wing , former government ) . 
  we had mayors who were junta supporters . 
  we still hear nonsense such as `` junta did not have corruption '' , `` junta built roads '' . 
  nazis ' current popularity is around 12 % , expected to rise . 
  cinema was destroyed during these years , many popular films were made but they were like bollywood , meaning there was censorship and some were subsidied and followed some guidelines ; good , independent films declined during this time ( there were some marvellous films before junta , but seriously the first good film after 1967 was filmed in 1982 and it was about ... junta ) . 
  people are still afraid to openly express themselves . 
  they are mostly afraid when they are not right-wing . 
  this fear was present before junta . 
  the socialists who rose in power in 1981 ( and later evolved into social-democrats or even righter ) had many notable members who were trained in urban guerilla in yemen and other middle-east countries . 
  they enjoyed too much popularity and when in 1981 they hit 48 % they felt omnipotent , they changed many things and , as always , rapid changes hurt . 
  in universities , after 1974 there was this mania , when a professor was unpopular for whatever reason he was accused for being junta supporter . 
  you ca n't control what age you will live in , if you complete your phd when there is a junta , you will be hired by junta , so people will forever accuse you for being pro-junta . 
  students questioned too many university forms , perhaps this played its part in deteriorating public education in greece ( i lost a whole year because we were protesting , we won but i lost one year ... ) . 
  i do n't agree that tax evasion is rooted in junta ; it mostly comes from ottoman times . 
  i was not prepared to answer this good question . 
  this chaotic answer may not be the best but i tried . 
  when you impose a junta in a country do n't be surprised that its people dislike your government for decades after . 
  there were more than 2 sides in this conflict , hell there even were 2 different coups , one from colonels and another from the king . 
  you ca n't say that the other side was stalinists because there were many other sides , and you ca n't say that stalinists are idolised because they never enjoyed popularity above the critical level to affect the country 's policies , let alone enter a government . 
  quite the opposite from what spanish king did in 1982 . 
  good thing that americans do n't support coups in eu countries . 
  doctors in greece have higher smoking prevalence than average . 
  i think the percentage of smokers was at a time 60 % among them . 
  it 's all cultural , some people smoke , some people drink , all people have a vice . 
  i was surprised when i saw how much british drink or even smoking marijuana out in the open , but i guess it is cultural . 
  when you ca n't make a living you either drink or smoke . 
  overtaxing just makes thing even uglier . 
  some are persuaded to quit , but most just consume more or try to find illegal stuff . 
  so did greece lol . 
  we do n't use ashtrays anymore , we use plastic glasses with water or other stuff . 
  when police shows up , bartenders seem so surprised that some ( most ) of their customers are smoking even without an ashtray . 
  i once saw a movie called [ shark ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066365/?ref_=fn_al_tt_3 ) . 
  it was filmed in sudan , not turkey , but it is ridiculous how much smoking is taking place . 
  a surgeon operates with a cigarette in his mouth , a small kid , perhaps less than 10 years old , smoking the whole film , the only occasions when there was no smoking was when underwater . 
  austerity always leads to reduction of growth and in some cases in recession . 
  you are right that a recession is a byproduct , but in the case of greece and in other cases one of the key goals was to create a controlled recession . 
  it was not a byproduct , it was a key goal not because greece was based on too much spending ( it could opt for keeping spending high and go for overtaxing ) but because greek productivity was low , its balance of payments was disgustingly awful for decades and so it had to either defloat rapidly ( default ) or slowly ( austerity ) . 
  that said , i asked here and there and i did not yet get a clear answer . 
  do you happen to know whether austerity has horizontal measures as a core element ? 
  i mean , it is not a simple government cuts strategy , it is an elegant strategy tested in many environments and with different schemes , but it seems to always have horizontal measures in its core . 
  taxes for the poors are increased , taxes for the rich ones are left relatively intact , and in the case of greece a growth package is going to follow , which will pass through the rich ones and diffuse to an extent into the rest of the society . 
  is this whole thing a ** key ** part of austerity ? 
  another ugly thing is how banks literally called you repeatedly so that you open a credit card . 
  banks were irresponsible even before 2000 but then they lost every measure . 
  another bad thing of greek economy was the initiation of a business with limited capital : a kiosk owner would pay rent and get his first 10k worth of merchandise without paying a thing . 
  we have a word for this , * verese * ( probably a turkish loan ) , it 's when you buy without paying , promising to pay once you get paid yourself . 
  this has 2 bad effects : ( i ) people without capital start a business , bypassing the established rules that dictate that one has to have something to lose in case of failure , and ( ii ) suppliers had to have enormous capital in order to be able to supply those cheapskate businessmen , leading to oligopolies ( the richest supplier survives , the rest fail to compete ) . 
  it was ridiculous how after the onset of crisis and the throttling of credit most kiosks started having only a limited amount of merchandise : those `` businessmen '' had zero capital , they did not even have 10k or 20k of capital to go without credit . 
  a friend of mine was one of the good ones , he had his own capital , kept a full stock during the crisis , but at some point he closed due to taxes , without owing anything to anyone ( he issued all receipts , was legal 100 % , pretty rare ) . 
  during the 80s and 90s many people made small fortunes from commerce , such as clothes . 
  they would overprice their merchandise , people would buy , they became rich .
