  i would just shut up and hope it all goes a little bit faster . 
  i heard that his popularity exceeded 70 % in germany . 
  i wonder why , and whether this is a bad omen for europe . 
  syriza is clear in that , unlike any other party , does not erase members of the parliament when they diverge in certain laws . 
  however we are not talking about just another law here , it has been made clear by the pm that it is either this way or an utter destruction . 
  those mps are cowards . 
  they knew the condition of the country when they were going for elections , they knew the stakes and now they want to vote yes but no , yes here , no there . 
  does anyone remember dimokratiki aristera ? 
  it took part in the former government , it had some 6 % and it was always voting present , not a single yes . 
  at some point they voted no . 
  their current percentage is i believe 0.02 % . 
  those yes-no-idk men are going after this 0.02 % ... 
  this government was elected for 4 years , 4 very hard years , and those guys surrendered in the first shot . 
  you either declare that you ca n't act against your principles and stay outside elections or you act like a true politicians and do the best under the circumstances , like all politicians in the world . 
  those guys deserve to be forgotten . 
  and soon the government will fall and then ... 
  then they will not see their names anywhere else . 
  who would vote for them again ? 
  at least the others showed some dignity and sacrificed themselves for the cause . 
  a grexit would be a total disaster right now but go tell this to the angry mobs that have already mobilised throughout greece . 
  people are not stupid enough to believe that he would suddenly stop austerity . 
  they expected him to do things a little bit more bearable . 
  at least this is what i thought ... 
  well , most people vote based on tradition and interests . 
  there are not 36 % radical leftish ( plus another 2 % of non-parliamentary leftish parties , plus 5 % of communistic party ) in greece . 
  they chose their votes based on interests and tactics . 
  tsipras clearly implied that if the referendum resulted in yes he would have to resign . 
  many people were afraid of a return of the old ~ ~ good ~ ~ bad parties or a rise of the nazis so they had to vote no . 
  there are people i know that had been voting for communists for 50 or 60 years and they switched to syriza . 
  others switched to syriza from the conservatives flank , others went from social-democrats to conservatives , a whole mess . 
  greeks do n't have much of an ideology , and neither do other europeans i guess . 
  there are politicians who used to be in syriza , then a flank of syriza formed a center-left party , and after the collapse of this flank they flew to potami , conservatives or social-democrats . 
  is there any ideology ? 
  it is exactly as you say , what turkey considers international greece considers greek . 
  it is a weird case , greece has legally the right to officially claim these zones but turkey considers such a move a casus belli . 
  greece likes peace too much so it prefers to keep the zones small ... for now ... or perhaps forever . 
  turkey may have good reasons to insist but , guess what , i have no idea what these reasons might be . 
  those media ... 
  yes but debt relief will be partial . 
  you seem to ignore that psi ( the infamous haircut ) was actually a scandal , with over 80 % of the debt relief being actually undertaken by greek institutions including stuff like forced exchange of pension fund 's money with bonds . 
  debt relief will be the minimum possible ( you do know this but others in here seem to forget ) . 
  are you sure that these actions were taken by the greek government ? 
  are you sure they do n't serve the cause ? 
  because i suspect that they help very much in killing a good chunk of greek businesses , especially small and medium ones , reducing wages , and shrinking gdp and perhaps prices a little bit faster . 
  all the above were very clearly within the objectives of the `` reforms '' , which makes me wonder why northern politicians would dislike these effects . 
  the anti-austerity advocates are not against a strictly balanced budget . 
  they are against socially destabilising measures and horizontal taxes that push legions of people under the poverty line . 
  this austerity comes with a whole package of neoliberal policies that make the poor poorer and the rich richer and are against internationally recognised human rights and labor rights . 
  this discussion between you and / u/jtalin is very good . 
  however jtalin is closer to truth in my view . 
  you effectively propose a prolonged financial hostage as a means to apply pressure to greeks , which is not the best plan in my opinion . 
  pressure should be applied , no doubt , and it should be linked to reforms ( trust me , those agreed primary surpluses will not be met because the plan is over-optimistic ) , we do n't disagree here . 
  debt restructuring should not happen before reforms are complete but * there needs to be an agreement right now that if reforms are complete by 20xx then a specific debt restructuring will take place and if reforms delay then the specific debt restructuring will delay but will remain at the same height * . 
  this way you give a clear motive to reform ( government : `` every day we delay reforms it costs us x $ and we risk a future bankruptcy '' , opposition : `` we will support reforms , we do n't want to inherit a doomed country '' , left : `` we work for the poors , the best plan to protect them is to do those damn reforms or we all go down the drain '' ) . 
  such a formal commitment by all sides would also attract investments in greece ... once reforms start going and the momentum is obvious . 
  this would increase the chance that creditors get most of their money back . 
  so you basically say that a stabilisation of the political scene is an integral part of the success of the country but at the same time you seem to ( i ) imply that the plan proposed is socially viable , which i highly doubt ( hence my doubts that primary surpluses will be that high ) , and ( ii ) that syriza is not helping . 
  being in greece i can say that syriza is where most of the most angry ones have deposited their hopes on , and the deliberate deconstruction of this leftish party that is attempted by 99 % of europe is * not * beneficial for the stability of greece . 
  syriza has to yell , it has to kick and bite because if it does not then the people will do instead , or they might vote for communists or nazis ( currently they are at 15-20 % combined ) . 
  the 2 formerly dominant parties are at 35 % combined , syriza alone is at 40 % ( these before banks closed down , things most likely changed since ) . 
  the blows it received will weaken it , perhaps kill it . 
  and then what ? 
  will people return to the old parties ? 
  i highly doubt . 
  exactly . 
  whatever has value it tends to get a price . 
  love , babies , honor , public positions , knowledge , journalist licenses , everything . 
  for capitalism to work sustainably there needs to be a non-profit place that controls the profit place . 
  law is one example . 
  haha , nice . 
  however i did not bite it . 
  i knew that before banks reopen a series of events must precede . 
  there were some subtle mentions from various people in greek media that it would take 8 weeks minimum if all happens fast , but quickly the opposition stopped mentioning this . 
  the reasons ? 
  i dare not guess . 
  there are certain lies that are mandatory . 
  say you are a doctor , your patient has a weak heart . 
  you ask him to take a scan of his liver . 
  he asks why , you say `` i am afraid you have a 7 % chance you have a cancer '' . 
  if you tell him `` i am afraid you have pre-diabetes '' are you a liar ? 
  we all know the l' aquila earthquake case . 
  scientists by instict were afraid , it was an unusual situation , but they had no hard data . 
  besieged by journalists and exhausted , one of them made a mistake and is now in prison . 
  very often it 's the journalists ' fault : if you ask about grexit , then grexit is discussed and so on . 
  many journalists are paid specifically for asking specific questions , again and again . 
  we know some of those journalists who kept asking questions about capital control , and we know some of their funders ... 
  while i agree that varoufakis is not politically correct ( and perhaps not a true politician either ) and i also agree that he has an excellent knowledge in greek and english alike , he is still likely to have used the term with its old meaning . 
  this is not unusual with academics : there is a lot of debate around terminology and many conservative professors pay a lot of attention to language and * try to influence the evolution of semantics * . 
  perhaps varoufakis did something like this , expand the notion of terrorism beyond the us pentagon limits like it used to be in the past and like it most likely will be in the future . 
  people in international talks have to be cautious when interpreting words originating from a different culture . 
  if you want to hear terrorists you will hear terrorists . 
  we here in / r/europe know this very well . 
  anyways it is rather insignificant , low-level politics from both sides . 
  it was n't growth ; it was a bouncing of a rock you throw down the cliff . 
  when you lose 25 % of your gdp you now need to increase your gdp by 33 % in order to return where you were initially . 
  if you have lived in the old good drachma days you do n't want to go back . 
  under the circumstances , this would be the worst default in history and initial + first year devaluation could correspond to 400 % inflation in the short term . 
  after 7 years of recession a default is a nightmare . 
  the time for default came and passed in order to save the rest of eurozone and now this is the thanks . 
  being the borders of eu is adding national security .
