  hm , basically greek banks did have a serious role in the bubble and its collapse . 
  they would call you all day and ask you whether you want a credit card . 
  they allowed you to issue a new credit card in order to pay back the old one , and stupid people were trapped into having 150k debt at 12 % interest with 12k annual income . 
  it took more than a decade before debit ( not credit ) cards were given the same privileges for electronic payments as credit cards , despite the laws dictating otherwise . 
  the real estate bubble was obvious to all ( hell , there were people who never worked in their life , took a loan , formed a construction company , built and sold a house as contractors and made enough to live for a decade without doing nothing ) , yet banks were eager to give more loans . 
  when the crisis finally hit , banks were quasi-unprivatised , since their assets were moved to the state while the management was kept intact . 
  this is the definition of getting away . 
  private profits , public loss , moral hazard , unaccountability , dangerous predecendent . 
  you do have the right to hate greeks and greek governments , but please choose the right reasons . 
  i hate greece too but i happen to know some things that you do n't . 
  the constant lending and exposure is a very , very good reason . 
  however remember that greece was made fun of even before . 
  it is true that its economy had been a mess , but you do n't just collectively call pigs a whole 5 countries . 
  when it 's only 1 country it 's the country 's fault , but when it 's 5 countries then it 's something more . 
  greece uses populistic slogans , just like every other country . 
  do n't take them seriously . 
  i do n't take seriously that germans call us lazy , it 's common nonsense that people discuss with a glass of beer in the hand . 
  people yelling no was not a hope that we are n't gon na pay , but rather that we are n't gon na die in the process . 
  or that we are n't gon na see nazis and communists in a government , or a coup or serious ugly stuff . 
  greece has already been punished for its sins with a spectacular recession for the history books . 
  investors do n't come here for many reasons , one of which is the realisation that the future of the country is not yet predictable . 
  the current government wants to make its future predictable so that the investors can examine the possibility of investing here , while ez wants the exact opposite , which is n't beneficial for it either because without economy greece wo n't amass the money to repay those long-term loans . 
  investors want 2 things before they come here : reforms and stability . 
  ez should be wise to demand reforms in exchange for helping reaching stability , which includes debt restructuring . 
  noone is stupid to assume that the good will of eu or the patience of greeks will live forever , so the current hostage and an overoptimistic plan will never allow investors to come . 
  something has to change . 
  determination and good will on behalf of the greek government is the easy part ( although even this is at stake ) . 
  i take your data as correct , even if gini data are peculiar to find ( each source uses different methods and it is risky to jump from one source to the other in order to cover a wider period ) . 
  flat taxation increases inequality but other things do so as well : unemployment , and of course tax evasion . 
  a third thing that does so is the rapid development , another thing is an abrupt recession ( crisis ) and of course welfare policies when inadequate . 
  so , if romania switched to flat taxation but improved tax collection rates , the net result might be a reduction of inequality . 
  when above i mentioned flat taxation i in fact implied all the give-and-takes between the state and the citizen . 
  if the taxation became flatter but the other parameters contributed to a more progressive give-and-take curve , the net result could very well be a reduction of income inequality . 
  anyways , it is the duty of a properly functioning state to work towards reducing * income * variation during harsh times , while in times of prosperity it is often ok to let it loose a bit ( liberal policies ) . 
  it is tragic if a crisis correlates with a deterioration of the curve , like it happened in greece . 
  finally , romania seems to develop well . 
  i see many romanian trucks in greece , i hear its corruption index is falling rapidly , i hear good things for this country that suffered a lot and still suffers . 
   the markets also saw that populist policies of syriza would worsen the financial outlook of the state even more . 
  all of these actions made the grexit more probable thus markets reacted by pulling the money out . 
  the markets did not see that the policy imposed is socially and politically unviable . 
  the markets are not that smart , and that 's why we need politicians . 
  check out [ these tables ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gini_coefficient#us_income_gini_indices_over_time ) . 
  they show how income inequality is significantly reduced after taxation in all countries , and particularly after the crisis . 
  only in greece the gap between the two curves remains small . 
  so , all those countries use progressive taxation , and in fact an even more progressive one after the crisis started , which is correct if you agree that the state should have a redistributing role during hard times . 
  greece did not do this , but one reason for that was that during the bloomy times it did not bother to accumulate reserves ( and another reason is the horizontal measures imposed by the creditors . 
  as for the necessity of progressive taxation , i think that it is so fundamental that we should n't even talk about it . 
  say i have one restaurant and you have 10 restaurants . 
  i hire an ad designer , you hire an ad designer . 
  i pay him x , you pay him x , perhaps 2x but certainly not 10x . 
  same if we both hire a chef for creating recipees or if we order machinery . 
  so you pay less than me , so you can afford more profit and eventually kill me . 
  wealth tends to flows from the poors towards the rich ones , * it is the state 's job to slow down or even reverse this flow before a revolution breaks out * . 
  so , if i am a rich man and i want to be richer , or at least stay as rich as i am now , i would support a progressive taxation , because a flat taxation would make it more likely that a devastating revolution takes place and then we are all doomed . 
  it has nothing to do with morality . 
  it is elementary politics . 
  syriza exposed the inadequacy of eu and opened discussions about the future of europe , but at the cost of greeks !, 
  this is undisputably a big mistake , since governments are not elected for using their powers for the greater good of the world , but rather for the greater good of their people solely . 
  look , most greeks want a tidy state . 
  most greeks want a compact and efficient public sector , no corruption and no tax evasion . 
  but the two parties that were ruling all those years did nothing towards this direction . 
  even under the pressure of the creditors , they were more than eager to do fiscal adjustments , but no real reforms . 
  people turned to syriza not because they want the ol' good messy state , but rather because of other reasons , most notably because of the intolerable compression of the purchase power of the poors and the devastating persistence of unemployment , especially in the youth . 
  it 's not that suddenly they all become marxists ( besides syriza is leftish but the core of it is fluid , it does not stick to 50 years ' old ideas of what it means to be leftish ) . 
  people would embrace * any * party that convinces them that it will fight with teeth and nails in order to make sure that the poors wo n't starve , but so far the only party that comes close is syriza . 
  if there were a serious rightish party with a dedication to protect the poors , people would seriously consider it . 
  noone gives a crap about privatisations or nationalisations , public employees and stuff ; people right now have no expectations and this is awful . 
  troika did not push reforms adequately . 
  they kept talking about the `` greek success story '' and shortly after they said `` there were no reforms at all '' . 
  they pushed fiscal adjustments solely , and in fact the governments made those adjustments even more brutal to the poors than they were asked to , because of the parties ' dependencies and because of ... the lack of reforms . 
  it has . 
  since 2010 . 
  companies for example ~ ~ pay ~ ~ * used to pay * something like ~ ~ 1300 ~ ~ * 650 * e annually regardless of income , profits , size . 
  is n't this the equivalent of a horizontal tax ? 
  and more , more . 
  seems that someone has a serious problem understanding the core elements of the currently imposed austerity in greece . 
  the flat taxes and other horizontal measures constitute a vital part of the strategy . 
  jesus , there were pressures towars greece to reduce lowest wages in public sector and ... increase higher wages !!!, 
  i studied the first two bailout memoranda , there is a clear goal to kill small businesses and reduce the income of the poors in order to force them to take their deposits and give them to the government , also in order to reduce demand and then prices , thus reducing imports ( and perhaps increase exports ) . 
  clear , glowing goals . 
  i ca n't believe / u/janne-bananne could be so incredibly wrong here . 
  edit : correction according to / u/mfukar 's notice . 
  wow , the flat income tax and the indirect taxes ( vat , property taxes ) were introduced or highlighted * since * 2010 . 
  this last paragraph of yours is so wrong . 
  syriza insisted to improve the system but they were forced to step back . 
  whose fault is it then ? 
  usa corporate tax used to be over 50 % , reaching a maximum of over 70 % when it had military obligations . 
  after the mid 70s , a decline in corporate tax spread worldwide . 
  it seems that what in previous decades looked as a reasonable average ( 40 % ) is nowdays considered excessively high , with most countries sticking to 30 % or less . 
  i doubt that oil had anything to do with that . 
  greece used to be like asian tigers in the 60s and 70s , with high trade surpluses and high inequality . 
  this high inequality led to leftish policies . 
  it is inevitable , whenever inequality goes off the roof the people kick butts and vote in the blind . 
  it is surprising that eu manages to keep a trade balance overally , despite a great dependency on oil imports and high wages . 
  i understand that it is painful to adapt to present and future challenges , since not only eastern europe opened its borders ( something that hurt many countries and most of all it hurt greece ) but also asian economies , particularly china , are very agressive regarding their exports policies . 
  however we need to be careful not to kill the best thing europe has : limited inequalities . 
  this would simply transform europe into something we do n't like anymore , and it could even cause political unrest . 
  schauble is wise , but there is a reason economists finmins receive commands from pms and chancellors . 
  schauble is as wise as varoufakis , both lack in political instict but excel in economics . 
  greece is fatter than italy because ancient cartographers would measure distances in steps .
