  imagine if you applied for a job as a salesman and the manager asks you to sell 100 items to 100 people . 
  you sell 30 items . 
  whose fault is it ? 
  is it your pool selling skills ? 
  is it the poor quality of the product that fails to meet consumer demands , at least in accordance with the price ? 
  is it the local or general consuming climate that limits the purchasing ability or the market demand ? 
  in my example , you will still be fired , but for different reasons . 
  you would prove to be inadequate because your estimations were poor : you agreed to promise to sell 100 items even though you knew you would never succeed . 
  what if you already were in the company and the manager gave you this new task ? 
  would you have the chance to negotiate ? 
  you would agree , we all know how companies work . 
  then you would fail to meet the goals and you would be de facto blamed for the results . 
  an excellent plan if the manager wants to get rid of you and hire his nephew who has just graduated from college ... 
  the fact that potami pre-announced its support of whatever deal and the common knowledge that nd may support it as well undermined the negotiating capability of the current government and offered weapons to the other side , while syriza offered weapons to nd before the elections with its stance against austerity and rightish policies . 
  in the imaginary case that greek government takes the agreement to the parliament , if the government 's members downvote it to a large extent and opposition 's positive votes are enough that the agreement is validated , this would constitute a de facto failure of the government and it would have to resign . 
  even if the agreement as a whole was upvoted by the whole government , the subsequent parts of it would have to be upvoted one by one and no sensible person would expect that the government would upvote all of them if they largely disagree , so we end up in a similar situation as above , with potami and nd and perhaps others upvoting the laws that government members of parliament downvote , so a de facto collapse of the government . 
  it was obvious to any sensible person that the agreement proposed by creditors had zero chances to either be upvoted or , even if upvoted , to have any positive effects to greek economy . 
  creditors obviously wanted to end the game but i am not sure whose fault was it exactly . 
  creditors might have made a plan , to accept with open arms the new radical government and then force it to self-destruct in order to reestablish the previous government and offer more sensible agreements , but i might very well be wrong and the opposite might be true : that syriza wanted to stress the situation and portray the creditors as the stubborn insensitive accountants before switching tracks . 
  other speculations also seem possible . 
  free will under international control ? 
  the unofficial international control will become an official one . 
  in any case , one has to think . 
  you do n't announce a referendum if the question is rhetorical . 
  if the government respects the citizen , the referendum is worthy to think on . 
  this is an assumption an average citizen has to make . 
  if the vote is yes then the government will collapse very soon anyway . 
  if the vote is no , then the government , which is not very strong given the votes it got in the past elections , will be enforced to reject the proposal on behalf of the creditors and any other similar proposal . 
  since any subsequent proposal is expected to be similar , game will be over . 
  resigning in the middle of negotiations is not acceptable . 
  the option you proposed would be a huge mistake . 
  not that a referendum under such circumstances is a brilliant idea either , but at least for that i am not sure whose fault was it . 
  whose fault is it that greek government announced a referendum ? 
  the answer will probably be no . 
  7 days are too short , people wo n't vote for something that will put a burden on the back of their children for so many years * and will destroy the current government within a few weeks * . 
  you do n't announce a referendum past midnight if the negotiating climate is not very rough , and you do n't make such a speech if you want the people to decide in cold blood . 
  i am among the rather well-informed about the negotiations and yet i am unprepared . 
  i need to study . 
  will the older ones study as well ? 
  i think that corruption is a big reason for greek problems , so i guess this is true for italy . 
  besides you said `` interlocked entrenched special interests preventing progress in key sectors '' which is plain simply a form of corruption , together with bureocracy ; both of which are present in greece and i guess spain too . 
  did you consider the effect of a large ratio of tourism income on inflation ? 
  i am not an economist , but trying to find common points among the southern european countries i thought of this . 
  current rise of potential labor force is affected by the birthrate 15-25 years ago . 
  i think i implied this when i said `` was and remains '' . 
  sure it seems my numbers are a bit old , so birth rate does not remain very high . 
  this because the birth rate in your country was and remains high . 
  for most european countries , 2-3 % growth should be enough . 
  higher numbers are historically linked to subsequent recessions and increases in income inequality . 
  `` fearsome sharpness of your sword '' `` violently '' `` sacred bones '' these three abstracts are from greek national anthem that happens to not mention blood . 
  those grey countries , i wonder how violent their national anthems are . 
  the poem where greek national anthem is taken from , it mentions blood 17 times . 
  it also mentions death , decapitations and other pretty stuff . 
  but , it is a long poem with 158 turns , of which only 2 comprise the national anthem . 
  a cretan friend of mine was offered his first gun when he was 10 . 
  i have no idea how many guns he owns now in his 30s . 
  he lives in an urban environment an he is neither traditional nor violent at all . 
  this tells a lot about the omnipresence of the gun culture there . 
  then learn italian , or even better greek , where everything sounds exactly like you read them ( with 1-2 exceptions ) . 
  i met some `` vaccine scepticals '' in greece . 
  the first anti-vaxxers will appear soon unless something is done about it . 
  i was told by a friend that a friend 's kid developed some autistic spectrum behavior after the triple vaccine ( measles etc ) and she was seriously thinking of omitting or at least delaying this vaccine for her second child . 
  there are no mechanisms that could force her do the common-sense thing , nor could i , an ordinary citizen , persuade her if i met her first person . 
  she has a point , does n't she ? 
  mechanisms and information are needed . 
  the lack of nurses forces family members to stay all night in hospitals . 
  it is very common to see them getting back problems after several days sitting on those chairs . 
  if no family members are available , friends are called . 
  if no friends , then pretty much noone pays attention because one nurse per 50 patients all night is unable to do much . 
  the lack of expendables forces people to bring their own . 
  syringes , blankets , diapers . 
  it 's going to get a lot worse as i see it . 
  that warning about doctors ' working hours wo n't have an impact at all . 
  if you wan na be a doctor in greece you have to be a badass , everybody know this . 
  in greece we do n't have santa klaus , but rather [ saint basil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basil_of_caesarea ) . 
  saint nicholas was born a few decades earlier and he seems to have been the archetyp for the legendary santa . 
  however we were forced to dress our own santa basil with that fancy red costume because ... kids love it . 
  so , santa is not from finland . 
  i wonder if you know it . 
  in 1938 , the 5 richest countries had on average 3.5 times higher per capita gdp than the 5 poorest ones . 
  in 2016 this figure rose to 20 or more . 
  am i the only one worried ? 
  wow , i had no idea we are such nutheads . 
  i always thought that some 15 % are conspiracy lovers and another 20 % are too much christians ( to the point of accusing jews for crucifying christ ) but this last link scared me . 
  not that i did n't know how awfully jews were treated in greece ( see the events during 1910 's in thessaloniki and the huge percentage of jews from the same city that `` departed '' during wwii , with recent `` discoveries '' verifying my suspicions that there was a betrayal ) . 
  i am as dazzled as you . 
  when i first came across this news i tried a bit to find arguments that support its operation but i did n't search that hard and found nothing . 
  the location is near the triple border among greece , albania and scopje . 
  despite this , it is not that remote and emergency transportation of patients is doable , while tourists ( what tourists ? ), 
  could be served by the nearby kozani airport . 
  that airport could work with a smaller ramp ( in 2002 the new ramp with length of 2820m became operative , it is 400m longer than thessaloniki airport ramps but a bit narrower ; same width as ... athens airport ) and cheaper supporting infrastructure . 
  the city there has a little more than 20.000 citizens and the nearby area a total of perhaps 60.000 . 
  the nearby kozani airport is 70 km away by car . 
  it is a poor choice for an airport . 
  greece has a total of 38 airports , of which 15 are international ( another 19 also serve international charter flights ) . 
  there are also military airports here and there as well as smaller airports for light vessels . 
  greece is very spread out ; many small or large islands are hard to service , especially during the winter when the sea is rough . 
  most of those airports are justifiable if one concerns the hardness of land transportation ( mountains everywhere ) and the poor condition of the sea in winter , as well as tourism needs . 
  but kastoria one is injustifiable even if one does not look at the books . 
  they should close it down and funnel whatever traffic to the nearest airport of kozani .
