  noone else would cooperate . 
  nea dimokratia ( right-wing ) and pasok ( social democrats ) are rejected because they * are * the corruption , communists hate syriza more than anything in this world because they question the dogma , nazis out of the question . 
  so what is left ? 
  the military wo n't get pissed off while inside eu . 
  no country in eu had a coup or a war while inside eu . 
  spain had its last coup 4 years before it entered eu , greece had a dictatorship 5 years before it makes the first agreement with eu . 
  you are right that one has to be cautious with the army , but for different reasons . 
  this is wrong . 
  turkey and greece are intervening one inside the other . 
  turkey is the most aggressive one , but perhaps this is my biased view . 
  some months ago , a turkish military vessel went for a cruise and reached around 40 miles from athens , just as an example . 
  unfortunately , greece needs an army . 
  being allies has nothing to do with being safe from each other , as history has taught us millions of times . 
  in 2022 greece will pay a massive amount of debt , something like 30 billions . 
  how will it fund this ? 
  in 2036 another huge chunk of doses become due . 
  say greece forgets about debt restructuring , would you invest your beloved money in greece ? 
  i would n't . 
  one of the parameters that greeks insist on is the smoothness of repayment schedule and i think that this is quite reasonable , since with such a huge chunk in specific years and times greece risks having to borrow at increased interests due to unpredictable reasons and blow off again . 
  i think there are 2 likely reasons for the timing of the report : - either imf and lagarde want to somehow fortify themselves expecting a legal attack on behalf of greece if it is kicked off ez ( and perhaps even if kept inside , at a later time ) because according to imf 's internal rules it should not support unsustainable debts , threatening even its own existence , - or it was simply a way of applying pressure to eu and merkel because imf ( without consulting usa ) estimated that greece was determined to not sign something that does not solve the debt problem and a grexit was undesirable for imf . 
  i was asking here and there for quite some time this question : `` does austerity need to be accompanied by horizontal measures in order to work and improve certain economic parameters ? '' . 
  you started answering this . 
  however it is a bit confusing : greek problem is not only government budget and the plan was to shrink gdp ( it was assumed to be inflated during the previous decade ) , shrink income and prices , and also balance budget . 
  so , it was not a pure austerity as i understand it , but rather a coordinated plan with certain goals . 
  among the goals , the reduction of income and that of prices should instead put a burden on businesses 's budgets . 
  it is true that greek balance of payments and more emphatically the balance of trade is super negative and that a gdp reduction should help balance that . 
  what i do n't understand in your answer is that , since the plan is to * shrink gdp * , then why is there a problem with measures that are * not pro-growth * ? 
  besides , the prolonged uncertainty certainly is not pro-growth : who would invest in greece when its survival every other day is at the discretion of eu and draghi ? 
  investors are n't dump , they know that greece depends on eu 's unilateral support , it has zero degrees of freedom , its debt is unsustainable , the austerity plan imposed on it is not well calculated and serious social and political instability is by the corner . 
  this is a perfect storm that should perfectly help in decreasing gdp , while pro-growth measures are the opposite . 
  what i want to ask , is whether there is an alternative austerity strategy , one that focuses on 2 basic parameters : balanced budget , and limiting the percentage of people who live under the poverty limit ( or limiting gini income inequality index while keeping living standards adequate ) . 
  why such a strategy is not proposed by the institutions ? 
  why the current austerity-deflation-horizontal measures combination is considered the best strategy when we know that the inequalities it creates are crazy ( i heard that italians send their 10 years old children to work ) ? 
  how does eu think it could help greece ( and spain ) fight the unrest that this combination is expected to create ? 
  to me it seems like a volcano ready to erupt , do i underestimate the ability of a country to suppress unrest without risking a democratic course or , on the contrary , democratic courses are no longer important in europe ? 
  after 1981 , when social-democrats took over , the increased taxes on shipping made the majority of them depart , liberia was perhaps their most prominent destination . 
  after 1990 , when taxing environment became friendly again , many of them returned but not all . 
  another tax attack on them and they will leave forever , they wo n't trust any subsequent government . 
  during the time of their relative absence , tax income increased but other incomes decreased and the net result was negative for both the state 's budget and the whole gdp . 
  it is estimated that if half greek shipping volume departs , over 50000 people will be unemployed on top of other disadvandages . 
  they do n't pay taxes but many of them run their businesses in greece , pay wages , prefer greeks as crew for their ships , and they fund and support certain facilities such as hospitals , schools , churches . 
  they do contribute to the economy but kind of voluntarily , which is inacceptable for me and for many but their contribution is significant . 
  eu and germany in particular dislike ( and very rightly so ) tax heavens such as switzerland 's , cyprus ' and ireland 's banks , and greek shipping as well . 
  in my opinion tax heavens need to be eradicated but i have no idea how . 
  such short-term inspectors are not supposed to audit you and disrupt your business routine ; they are supposed to check whether you issue proper receipts or not , whether you maintain double books and such . 
  i guarantee you that more than half of greece 's small-scale businesses ( and many large-scale ones ) issue zero receipts or a small percentage of them . 
  i used to issue receipts and now i am unemployed , a friend of mine in the neighborhood issued receipts and he is unemployed as well . 
  i spent some 4000 e on a renovation , i was promised 2000 e receipts ( the rest shadow ) and i only got a 500 e receipt ... this is greece . 
  those inspectors are needed , for such a deep problem radical solutions are needed . 
  when karamanlis took over in 2004 as greek pm , he bought 40 f16 air fighters . 
  then , he also promised to buy 30 eurofighters . 
  it was said that this was due to pressure from eu and in particular germany , ever since schroeder 's time . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.greeknewsonline.com/greece-to-buy-30-f-16-fighter-jets-from-us/ ) from 10 years ago , the eurofighter deal remained an idea ( and so did a mirage deal discussed at the time ) . 
  there are strong links between greek nomenclature and german companies ( but also other european companies , and of course american ones ) but to connect these links with the bailout discussions is one big leap that dances on the conspiracy theories fence . 
  greece 's defense budget size may very well be desirable by all , since it lies at the borders of eu , and perhaps the most dangerous borders of all . 
  let 's be cautious when discussing such matters . 
  greece can become a lot worse . 
  it is now at a state , no cash , huge debts , multi-years long recession , and if it collapses it will change currency . 
  this is something that dozens of theses in economics will be written about . 
  the collapse will be loud . 
  you are right that many people think it ca n't be any worse . 
  they are wrong , but they are a minority . 
  a lot more believe that the projected course leads to a certain disaster with the same if not worse future . 
  do you believe that the proposed plan will be tolerated by the people ? 
  right or wrong , they will uprise and then what ? 
  it 's a political issue , people need perspective . 
  if you tell them that for another 5 years you follow a recession plan and at any given time the creditors can find an excuse and let you go , you should be really naive to say yes . 
  this is impossible to happen . 
  tsipras is a great listener . 
  his party is by far the most democratic party in greece . 
  authoritative party leaders that did not listen to their party members in greece include kouvelis , venizelos , g. papandreou and to an extent samaras . 
  tsipras listens and thinks . 
  he listens outside his party as well . 
  this is what made him so powerful . 
  who rejected ez ? 
  the plan proposed to greece is the fastest way to indeed get an even more radical government , one that the world has not seen since decades . 
  who would like this ? 
  who else can we trust other than tsipras ? 
  who else can fight corruption ? 
  even if he proves to be unable to seriously defeat corruption , traditional parties like social democrats , conservatives and ... communists have proven that they * are * the corruption . 
  warning : looong post the result of the referendum should not be interpreted in haste . 
  60 % of greeks voted no in a referendum with a very high participation rate , but 60 % of them voted ( in polls , which are biased in favor of the status kwo , proven with documents , but anyways ) that tsipras was not wise to call for a referendum like this , right this time . 
  so , tsipras trapped us . 
  in discussions with friends , i found a surprisingly large number saying that his idea for a referendum was bad , but they were forced to vote no for such a disastrous plan . 
  however , if one considers how the communist party `` adviced '' its voters to not even appear or to vote invalidly ( resulting in a pretty high percentage of invalid votes but still very high participation ) the message of the referendum is further highlighted . 
  tsipras appeared in my eyes as having received his first large defeat after everyone in europe and greece kept saying that the real question was euro or drachma . 
  until wednesday , when the tide changed in europe ( but not in greece ) . 
  it was a stupid trick as it turned out , all polls in greece say that 80 % of greeks prefer euro ( i bet that the main reasons are the shock of transition and the fear that we will return to our good old habits of 20 % inflation , but the fear that outside eu we will suffer instability , coups , external threats is also a good reason ) . 
  this tactical defeat of europe was understandable , since everyone knew what merkel had said in 2011 and repeated this time again when tsipras had a talk with her shortly before publicly announcing his will to call a referendum , and since there was no time for europe to prepare and respond in coordination . 
  i am scared to even think about the consequences if europe insisted on the initial stance . 
  the other important news of the day is the resigning of samaras , leader of opposition ( conservatives ) and former pm . 
  he faced questioning ever since the lost elections but he proved multiple times that he is a fighter . 
  his unexpected success in 2012 ( june ) when he won the elections after increasing his percentage by 10 within 1 month ( syriza increased by 10 % as well , but come on the dynamics were in favor of it ) perhaps made him think that he could use the same tricks again . 
  before the june 2012 he used an absolutely disgusting array of media terrorism and other tricks , like calling at homes , asking employers to threaten their employees and parents to threaten their kids , promising public sector jobs ( again ? ), 
  and he did the same in a surprisingly organised way during this last week but people were angry this time and perhaps got sick of it . 
  the whole system paraded from virtually all private tv channels , even mitsotakis , the totem of greek politics currently 98 years old ( i bet he will live at least another 15 years , i love to hate him ) . 
  samaras claimed responsibility and resigned . 
  after such a clear tactical defeat after having used all the weapons it was a wise decision or the whole system would be blamed instead . 
  for some time his party will have a temporary leader until inter-party elections from the base appoint the next party leader . 
  he might very well participate and win , but i bet dora bakoyanni , the daughter of mitsotakis , will win .
