  the two of them chashed for leadership before and bakoyanni did pretty well . 
  when samaras won he tried to elimitate her . 
  he offered her the education sector which is traditionally the most detrimental ministry for a politician 's political capital . 
  she refused of course but his pressure continued and she formed a new party . 
  the party took 2 % in may 2012 elections with high percentages only in some small municipalities of athens with rich people but re-joined her old party for the next month 's elections . 
  oh , i forgot to say , she is a classic hardcore neoliberal , ez will love her . 
  her father loves siemens as well . 
  she would be more than eager to do merkel 's suggestions . 
  samaras ' resigning is a hope for a better political climate in greece . 
  the guy was a fascist , he introduced novel methods and personalities that do not fit a democracy . 
  a great fighter , but a fascist , i will not miss him or his wardogs . 
  his party will finally start talking politics again and this a good thing for all . 
  of course , the above will be a nonsense if an agreement is not met on soon . 
  in the past , yes . 
  the first bailout plan was also profitable for many ( disregarding the risk of exposure of course ) but still not all and was followed by a haircut ( a lot of discussion can take place about the haircut , but it was a haircut ) . 
  the second bailout plan was not profitable for many , so it was effectively a slow haircut . 
  the price has mostly been paid . 
  there is a remainder , which imf finally recognised , but it has to be paid in accordance with a plan that forces greece to do some reforms and this is the whole issue : when to offer the remainder , what will it be , will the reforms take place , which reforms will take place , will ( mainly german and french ) eu countries benefit from selling of greek public property ? 
  also the ( not-so-symbolic ) ww2-debt issue and other political issues . 
  so no , you are not correct and it is very complex . 
  if greece defaults , who pays german and french banks ? 
  so long as it does not default and pays back its loans with interests , everyone is happy . 
  but once it defaults ? 
  it is true that a lot of money has been earned thanks to greece taking loans , paying back with interest and taking new loans , but i am not sure that either of the following is true : - that in case of greek default german and french banks have still made up their cost through all those years ' loan doses which * were * paid off , - that the increase of german and french ( and other governments ' ) exposure to greek debt that took place during the bailout plan is justified only in terms of saving some banking sectors from significant damage and not for major political reasons , such as the integrity , well-being and longevity of eu which experienced giant shocks during the first decade of its life and wants to prove to all that it can absorb shocks of whatever magnitude . 
  furthermore , greek banks were and still are healthier than other banks in many aspects . 
  they were severely stressed due to the country 's disaster , but in other cases of crises the banks were the point of vulnerability . 
  in greece , it was the state 's failure that pulled down the banks , so helping banks means helping the state . 
  the two are interconnected ( and this is why i find it absurd that major all-purpose * private * banks are considered a good thing , for * moral hazard * reasons ) . 
  we all agree about the moral hazard if greece is left unharmed . 
  but is n't it harmed already ? 
  i mean , let 's say the new agreement predicts a pre-arranged debt relief after some years if some goals are achieved , including tax collecting efficiency and corruption levels , and if the greeks fail to meet the deadlines then debt relief is postponed ( but interests are left there , increasing debt for every day the goals are not met ) . 
  then there is no moral hazard . 
  the proposal which was put for the referendum was disastrous . 
  it predicted horizontal measures such that a gigantic riot / rebellion / total mess was inevitable , no more than 2 years from now * in my opinion * . 
  and then what ? 
  the first eu country with martial law , coups , nazis , ugly stuff . 
  merkel is a wise leader and understands the risks but she feels tremendous pressure from his voters and other countries ' voters who just see one side of the coin . 
  the reason for greece 's disaster was greeks . 
  noone disagrees here . 
  not the people but the ones in power ; people are everywhere the same , they work , make babies and have some fun . 
  a carrot would help greeks reform and noone could question this . 
  imposing surreal austerity and supporting the corrupted parties leads nowhere . 
  non-greeks can not see the problems of greece and the dead-end of the current course . 
  and even if noone cares about greeks , which i understand 100 % , what if another 2 years of a bad program leads to nothing but a mess ? 
  what will eu do then ? 
  eu should support this new party which has few links with corruption and seems determined to kill a large part of existing corruption . 
  let it do the dirty job and then kill this ugly rebel party . 
  but killing it now will lead nowhere : all the previous politicians were in favor of yes , when we all know that they are the root for all the bad things in greece . 
  this is the oxymoron . 
  as for the meaning of democracy , lol you are so right , what to say ? 
  but * a drowning man takes hold from his own hair * . 
  i gave you the translation . 
  quite the contrary . 
  [ this opposition graphical figure ] ( http://www.newsit.gr/politikh/eidiseis-adwnis-syriza-ftaiei-gia-kakokairia/413774 ) claims that our pm affected the weather . 
  `` he even managed to ruin the weather this man . 
  do you remember such a bad weather in june ever before ? '', 
  is what he says . 
  better come to greece . 
  it 's raining , 24-29 degrees and raining , raining . 
  - people are tired from 24/7 politics . 
  there is an optimal dose of politics , beyond this it desensitises you . 
  you do n't have to hear 1 hour per day about starving babies in africa . 
  - the language you use when talking politically can attract or avert certain types of people . 
  i for example feel repelled by obama 's style , schaeuble 's rhetoric and i am fine with merkel or putin because they are minimalistic , no fanfare and a reasonable level of lying . 
  usa on the contrary campaigned against putin 's perceived snobbism . 
  i bet many russians see obama as a clown . 
  i vote for me , wait , my family , wait , the state , wait , the world , wait , me and family . 
  unfortunately ( ? ), 
  most people vote for their family , with emphasis to self ( hence the large differences among generations ) and even the most sensitive ones vote for the country , not the world . 
  if you see that the person you are talking to is a strict self + family voter you are very likely wasting your time . 
  the kid above has a point . 
  your statement that right-wing uses expressions such as `` common sense '' ignores that this is the tactic used by thatcher and her imitators . 
  the truth is that what they call `` common sense '' is just a * political * view promoted persistently . 
  also , if they were so sure they are right why do they feel the need to ~ ~ manipulate ~ ~ monopolise the media ? 
  as for the other half of your comment , i could write a papyrus with examples from my country that support your views ( and some that support the kid 's above views ) . 
  you are so right . 
  among the strong points of greece in terms of production are tourism , navy and orchards , especially olives . 
  no manufacture , heavy industry or mineral production ( it has minerals but ... ) . 
  germany , on the contrary , has a huge textiles industry and noone knows it , because other stuff there are even more huge . 
  greece needs reforms badly , but it ca n't live through further burdens for the weak ones . 
  if 51 % have nothing to lose , it 's game over . 
  since this story started in 2010 it was obvious to anyone who spent time to read the agreements that the plan was not viable . 
  it was a matter of time until greeks lose their patience . 
  austerity is not a bad thing , horizontal measures are a bad thing . 
  people complaining about the daily 60e limit when there are people working for less than 20e a day in a country where the cost of living is pretty high . 
  i do n't believe that there are politicians in eu that ca n't see the deadend of this policy . 
  i do n't think it was highly unlikely . 
  as for the second line , perhaps they knew what they were doing . 
  eu leaders are smart , i believe they could see it coming but they had their reasons . 
  i was sarcastic of cource , concerning turkey 's help at least ( i have read some of davutoglu 's writings ) . 
  you are not the bad guy for demanding some stuff , but you would be a bad guy if you agreed with the currently imposed policy of increasing inequalities . 
  this dimension of the programme that is currently followed in greece has not been emphasized enough and it is this that makes so many people mad . 
  the aspects of the persisting greek economic pathology that you happen to know are indeed critical and indeed have to be fixed and indeed they constitute friction points , i do n't disagree here , but they are a fraction of the issue . 
  [ turkey ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-06-30/nato-ally-turkey-breaks-ranks-slams-eu-austerity-offers-greek-aid ) has offered help ... perhaps in exchange for some islands , who knows ? 
  if friends treat you like his , imagine your enemies . 
  tsipras covered 80 % of the way and the other side actually took a last-minute step back . 
  they forced him to either call for a referendum , which would probably result in acceptance of the proposal and a subsequent collapse of the government , or that he outright accepts the proposal and commits a political suicide . 
  i am not saying that his delays were beneficial , but you know it 's the last move by the other side that triggered the referendum , not his response to the proposal . 
  the question whose fault was it that agreement was not conducted in time is open , but if one only sees the last 10 days , it is clear who actually triggered this sequence of events ( and many can see some pretty good reasons for that ) . 
  the carefully typed example above has some flaws .
