  farmers too , they would take subsidies without investing , sometimes they would get 5x the subsidy for a single field . 
  i still remember my feelings when outside my grandma 's home in a village i saw a red shining ferrari ... 
  yes , you are right , but the guy above has a point . 
  it is not a coincidence that euro area suffered the most from the crisis . 
  america has already left it behind , we are still fighting here , half our countries have recession or stagnant growth . 
  i wonder why he was downvoted . 
  you are right , but the point of austerity is exactly a reduction of gdp . 
  it is not a byproduct of austerity , it is a key goal of it . 
  now , if you think that it is normal for a country like greece or italy to have the same gdp as 15 years ago , well , i think that austerity kind of overdid it . 
  it is essentially sending economy 15 years back ( and more to come since greece will have 3-4 % recession in 2015 , while italy will barely have any growth ) . 
  what makes me wonder about austerity as it is applied , is this : how on earth is 30 % unemployment for prolonged time beneficial ? 
  haha in greece we applied plan c : having wages unadjusted , having the cost of life increasing , without devaluation . 
  we managed to decline the standard of living without any competitive advandage . 
  ok , during the past 5 years wages fell significantly but taxes increased and competitivenes did not significantly increase . 
  i was talking mainly for the previous period . 
  i read that it was 550 bn and was reduced to 380 bn . 
  by far the best small party was syriza . 
  it became as part of communistic party , when the big red became 2 parties some 60 years ago , the smaller one was called greek communist party of interior ( referring to its non dependance from moscow ) , while the other one remains the most old-school communist party in europe ( it offers scholarships for russia ... ) . 
  in 1993 it formed a coalition , which absorbed other parties and lost a limb and took its current form 6 years ago ( it did some mistakes in the mean time , like supporting the annan plan for cyprus which was a british attempt to gain some submarine oil deposits from cyprus via a concealed article in the hundreds of pages ) . 
  it was consistent , usually fighting with communistic party around the 4-5 % zone but with more open-minded ideas . 
  the two became vicious enemies , the old father hating the ambitious son while the latter offering cooperation again and again to no avail . 
  communistic party has zero democracy , zero ideas , syriza is full of democracy and ideas . 
  i call it a successful small party ( now big ) . 
  there were various efforts in the past 50 years but seriously nothing was long-lasting and influential . 
  only communists , syriza and lately the nazis ( which are at least 12 % in the most recent polls ... ) . 
  besides syriza , the only other democratic party is nea dimokratia , which has fascists inside but they rarely find room to express openly . 
  i have to admit that it functions better than pasok which is too centralised , and of course communists who are at least 50 years ago ( was stalin ruling then ? ) . 
  syriza received a potentially fatal blow with its signing of the agreement , but most people keep supporting it ( for how long i do n't know ) . 
  tsipras is an excellent leader , he successfully controls uncontrollable elements and earned the support of the public . 
  i believe the main reason for the recent result in the referendum was his threat that if the opposite prevailed he would resign . 
  people see no hope elsewhere , although we have to be cautious ( he is a successful politician and like all successful politicians he must be a good liar ) . 
  during the past 3 years there were almost no demonstrations , it was even quieter than before the whole austerity tsunami , perhaps because people hoped that he would do something . 
  but , despite its democratic function , we all agree that it is this man that guarantees its success and tames the mess he calls a party . 
  its humanitarian efforts are spectacular but its internal rules forbid the advertisement of such actions . 
  it is a crazy but good party . 
  it has dark spots of course . 
  who makes the constitution and its amendments ? 
  do you know that in greek constitution it is illegal to decrease the salaries of public servant and officials ? 
  this is why they were given a ton of bonuses , so that in case of a crisis instead of reducing the base salary ( against the constitution ) you can shave the bonuses , which was what more or less happened . 
  it is also illegal to fire a public servant because back in the days , when one party formed a government it would fire the other parties ' public servants and replace them with an army of its own . 
  this changed nowdays , only officials ( managers of certain institutions , some consultants ) are replaced but parties still have their ways ... greece held its last referendum in 1974 , after dictatorship , where we decided whether we would have president of democracy or king . 
  we kicked the king off . 
  we entered into negotiations with eu , ez and all this without any referendum . 
  mistake , although i doubt that the results would be negative . 
  you misunderstand the real estate market . 
  the time constants are often extremely long , especially in poor investing environments like greece . 
  people often plan 30 years ahead . 
  if in the following 3 years the land register is completed , now is the last chance to claim land . 
  that said , the timing ( first an arson in southern greece , then in athens and later in evia ) allows me to suspect coordination between the 2 locations . 
  the 3 locations are also kind of resembling the 2007 wildfires , then it was a different part of southern greece . 
  no clues , just thoughts . 
  there were accusations that some businessmen sent their kids to burn their shops in order to get the insurance and make a renovation for free . 
  i would n't believe them but when there is motive ... for all those who connect protests and riots with wildfires , there is no direct connection . 
  wildfires take place in wild forest , preferrably near settlements but outside them . 
  an earthquake on monday will complete the picture . 
  yeah , in greece there is an increased hate against arsonists . 
  we have suffered a lot of times , we all have been near wildfires and we are overly harsh against poor arsonists . 
  it is next to impossible to catch arsonists . 
  someone tell the op that he should put the term * wildfires * in the title to avoid confusion . 
  as for whether there is relationship with the financial and political situation , i guess there is , for one thing inside the harsh measures there is one that forces the property register to be complete , in which case no more hopes for people to legalise claimed forest land . 
  there is a great timing with the weather . 
  because , as the guy said , the political system * is * the two formerly leading parties . 
  why chop their own legs ? 
  one becomes government , hires public servants and offers jobs to companies , and buys weapons , then the other becomes government and hires his own , supports his own companies and so on , and the people think that by voting they are doing something . 
  greece hates referendums . 
  it makes one every 40 years . 
  dimokratiki aristera claimed a place in the between , before potami was ever conceived . 
  it was part of syriza , more towards the center , it broke off it and surpassed 6 % but now it is virtually dead ( 0.02 % ) . 
  it was wildly promoted , with its leader appearing as the best politician in greece in terms of positive views . 
  its declaration was well-written and impressive , i loved it . 
  but i never voted for them because : - its leader attracted all focus , he promoted some people with contradictory history , he did not listen and was taking decisions alone and suddenly ( = not democratic ) . 
  - the most promoted member of it was in relationship with the daughter of one of the most prominent members of nd . 
  - some other members were rude dogs , in total contrast with the leader who was old-style politician , gentle and full of foggy statements . 
  - i heard that it had some plans to make fat money by promoting some projects in peloponnese . 
  and more . 
  in short , this party appeared to be a decoy and it more or less proved to be so . 
  potami is a decoy as well . 
  an original party , with no connections with the sinful past and with a good complete set of opinions for almost all major matters , is just impossible to form . 
  syriza has such problems as well , since its history is decades ' long , but many of its voters see it as a hope to get rid of oligarchs and corruption ( most of its voters , though , have other priorities ) . 
  it has problems and it is suspicious , but find a better alternative to kill corruption . 
  but he is not mentally consistent . 
  he indeed was yelling almost 30 years ago that we are going heads on into bankruptcy . 
  as for the $ 1m question , the formerly 2 great parties dominated the scene with a combined 80 % or more . 
  this concentration was broken in may 2012 : they got a total of 32 % . 
  in greece corporatism rules , with the public servants being the most influential voting pool , so any party that claims the 1st place needs them with their side . 
  this delayed some reforms . 
  once their influation falls , then the voters will be offered more choices ( and the parties will be offered more choices to blend their policies mix with , right now they are doomed to pledge for public servants ' votes , and thank you eu for reducing them ) . 
  we agree , but my point was that a country 's deficit can go up for one year and perhaps more by accident or on purpose ( investment ) . 
  say a random country takes a loan in order to make an artificial island , a process that takes 10 years , then it should have a bad deficit for 10 years but it would n't matter because the project is calculated to give profits . 
  this comes in contrast with other posts of you in this discussion , at least how they appeared to me . 
  anergos did not use my arguments , he just said that it is possible to run crazy deficits but without good explanations . 
  i wanted to say that your first comment was ok , but it needed some exceptions and then the two of you would agree . 
  also , concerning the massive loans , i have to tell you that when the property market is in a bubble state , as any sensible economist knows , and the bank offers a loan for a house being sold at almost double its true value , is it only the person 's fault for asking and accepting the loan , or maybe the bank has a share of responsibility because they * knew * that there was a bubble and it was gon na burst * before * the loan is fully paid ? 
  besides , who is gon na pay if banks go foul ? 
  the state , backuped by eu . 
  so no risks for the banks , so a bubble is further supported . 
  ** do you know that for years they were calling me almost daily from all kinds of banks and offered me the chance to issue a credit card ? 
  ** many people fell in the trap because they were dumb or for other reasons : sometime around 2007 i asked whether i could use my debit card like a credit card for some purchases and my bank manager said that they did not offer this option yet . 
  some 8 years before i had come across a newspaper article that listed some 10 or 20 things that banks were legally obliged to implement but they were already delaying for years , and one of them was the option to allow the use of debit cards for electronic purchases . 
  ** they delayed more than 10 years ** .
