  someone has to go to prison for this but instead we the people , including me who never used a credit card and never will , are paying for the banks and while their share was moved to the state their previous owners keep the management . 
  some individuals were stupid to accumulate 100k of credit card debt with less than 1k of monthly income but most of us had absolutely no responsibility because we had no power to affect things but rather we were taken by the tsunami . 
  i thought that greek banks bought those bonds ... 
  i ca n't upvote it , despite some good parts ( like the one with tax collectors ) , because it has too much flaming and swearing and because it is false in some parts . 
  germans and others have different values than the rest of the world . 
  not better , not worse , just different . 
  they ca n't eject those values when thinking . 
  and you are particularly wrong that they are accused that they are too harsh : from many others they are accused that they are actually too soft . 
  what they are rightly accused of is their dumping during the 2000 's that put the whole zone into an imbalance even larger than the loosening of the `` piigs '' and offered them economic power that they want to claim for themselves ( most of it at least ) . 
  many countries will face problem if eu lives as long as hoped to , but germany is too large to ever go bankrupt . 
  if italy were to default the whole world would shake ( and it did come close at some point , did n't it ? ) . 
  but some countries are so huge that when they collapse the whole world suffers , so they all try to save them somehow . 
  according to many not always but sometimes reliable sources , many if not most german and french purchases are accompanied by bribes higher than the global standard and , most importantly , they are overpriced by sometimes over 100 % . 
  this , if true to the extent i guess , means that a small but not tiny part of greek debt is due to these tactics , that france and especially germany want a healthy greece that will employ them and buy stuff , and so that france and germany slightly but noticeably increased greek debt and they both have good reasons to keep greece alive . 
  a funny thing , thessaloniki airport was in the initial fund for privatisations , but when time came to examine this case it was discovered that it was not eligible under eu legislation because the law says that a publicly owned asset can not be privatised while there are works taking place on it that are funded even partially by eu ( and for some years afterwards ) . 
  i do n't remember the figures , i tried to find the source but i remember that the works were more than 50 % of the whole airport . 
  well , that is money not well spent , paying 100 for maintenance and sell the whole thing for 150 soon after ( not to mention how ridiculous was that this airport was initially pushed into the fund while ineligible ) . 
  especially the 4th point , this makes it even harder to persuade the public and the politicians in germany and throughout europe to agree on this 3rd bailout programme . 
  tsipras ' stance ( and samaras ' stance ) helped as well . 
  so this last programme is too harsh , perhaps non viable . 
  this is not smart , i think that germany found itself trapped ( tsipras too ) and had to impose a programme that is next to impossible . 
  what if this bailout fails too ? 
  the first two bailouts , the proposed and the finally agreed 3rd bailout are not socially viable . 
  the first two failed because of this , this last one may fail because of this as well . 
  a punishing stance is not good politics either . 
  a strict stance is good politics . 
  you are right that there are legal issues , but the whole bailout thing is n't exactly legal . 
  the legal issues are emphasized in order to apply pressure ( and cover some asses ) . 
  greece blatantly saying that its debt was not sustainable ( everyone knows this , hence markets never offered below 16 % interests ) while many people inside eu ( and inside greece ) struggled to claim otherwise for real and political reasons , this stance pissed some people off . 
  the truth , though , is that eu knows how to bypass its own laws . 
  i can guarantee that this 22 % figure alone does not prove the willingness to change . 
  part of this figure comes from the state not paying promised subsidies ( like for a/c for the elderly or for pv installations ) which devastated lots of businesses , another part comes from cutting the infamous `` timely arrival bonus '' and other bonuses given to public employees ( these bonuses were initially designed so that it would be legal to shave them in case of a crisis ) and freezing projects and abandoning functions such as traffic lights maintenance . 
  my father was in the hospital and i had to buy expendables for him . 
  there was even a shortage of blankets . 
  there were patients with noone to buy expendables for them , we all contributed . 
  it was a quasi-bankruptcy . 
  things went a bit smoother later , i have to admit . 
  they were asked to make privatisations , they did next to none ( the prices were too low , it would be a robbery , but still better than a collapse ) . 
  they were asked to fire 50k public employees . 
  they fired very few . 
  they shut down the whole public television for a good chunk of 2000 employees ( shortly after a rather soft interview of the then-leader of opposition tsipras , samaras probably got mad and fired them all , soon reopening with less people , all of them devoted to him ) and then another 500 + cleaners that among other stuff were cleaning the ministry of economy ( and gave the job to a cleaning company , probably owned by a friend of his , idk , increasing the cost by 14k annually ) , then samaras got a primary surplus and offered it to army and police and firemen personnel in the form of a stupid 50e bonus . 
  in the mean time one million people in the private sectors entered the unemployment pool . 
  one million , of which perhaps 5k were public servants ( the lowest-paid ones , excluding tv , and with no sound criteria ) . 
  over 900k private businesses shut down within 5 years ( it is the gross number , the normal number should be something like 500k or even less , so effectively 400k business owners joined the unemployment pool ) . 
  samaras himself was a fierce opponent of the program when he was in the opposition , then one night he changed his mind but in the mean time his big rival , the social democrats , were devastated and greece slipped deeper into problems . 
  tsipras cancelled some of the old changes ( very few but it was a bad sign ) . 
  this is not willingness to change . 
  / u/neohellpoet has some good points . 
  many individuals are fighting for the country , for a corrupt-free country with responsible taxpayers and social solidarity ( it is crazy how many people are secretly fed by churches , anarchists , municipalities , wealthy individuals ) but the people as a whole , the politicians as a whole system and the other powers of the country are resisting hard . 
  where i disagree with this user is that the taxes and cuts of the strategy prefer to hit the already poor ones . 
  i know someone with 4400 annual income who was asked to pay 1500 tax . 
  even a bachelor can not live with so little . 
  after 7 years of recession , after 5 years of violent austerity , more to come . 
  dangerous . 
  floods in greece too , this year mould and floods devastated lots of crops ( and even structures ) . 
  and [ this guy ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/39epak/why_is_the_world_in_a_drought/ ? ), 
  says there is drought everywhere ... 
  exactly . 
  greece 's largest dry zone is to the north , around thessaloniki . 
  but this zone has many rivers that collect the rain from the surrounding mountains and allow for excellent farming . 
  precipitation on mountains collected in the plains , like free irrigation and pretty reliable . 
  it depends on the actual cost of living and the variations in diverse or large countries . 
  whenever i see this parameter i get absolutely no clue ( except when i see very large figures , in which case i simply assume that gini coefficient is high , which again does not suffice but it is a far better parameter ) . 
  sometimes a government takes a loan in order to invest , like a company . 
  this sounds weird today with most countries having minimal state and all enterprises being run by the private sector , but it is still a good reason in theory . 
  sometimes there are urgent or strategical needs . 
  your claim is true in most occasions but not always . 
  for example , during a global or regional recession the state has to take loans according to some models ( and common sense ) . 
  that said , greece kept taking loans during the bloomy days , and so when the crisis came it could not take more loans to smoothen it . 
  this statement is based on certain facts . 
  greece indeed had a long period of high primary deficits . 
  is this what you mean ? 
  i guess so . 
  but are those deficits the root or merely a symptom of other more fundamental problems like tax evasion , corruption or increased military budgets or something else ? 
  now let me make a stupid generalisation , just for fun and not related to your post . 
  countries with tourism tend to see their average salaries grow faster than they should , leading to a bubble . 
  there is good correlation if we look inside eu , but is n't this a mere coincidence ? 
  i agree totally . 
  i insist that we all be trained in basic interpretation of statistics , as well as in exponential functions ( which would make lots of people in greece and outside shut up when they realise how wrong they are concerning debt and its course ) . 
  i have a friend who tried to persuade me that credit cards are cheaper than plain cash . 
  it took me quite some time to make him admit he was wrong , but i have to say he did try to listen and learn . 
  all statistics in scientific papers have at least 2 parameters , one being the mean or median value , the other being standard deviation or whatever . 
  btw what annoys me is how editors insist on too many digits . 
  full digits is good when counting money , but not when * estimating * money and costs nor when we are counting other stuff . 
  a maximum of 4 digits is ok , 3 digits for most uses in reality . 
  say i estimate that the rise in unemployment will cost $ 1,104,327,000 . 
  stupid , is n't it ? 
  just say $ 1.1 bn . 
  we need those guys here . 
  but wait , no tv channel would ever give them a show . 
  here is the realm of whataboutism and other fallacies . 
  it 's screwed because it has serious problems , it shows limited will to fix them , and on top of that and of the crisis an inhuman program is imposed on it that is very hard to carry on without a revolution of some kind . 
  it 's not just another bankruptcy , it has negative balance of payments , a foreign currency , huge unemployment and income inequality , almost zero money left . 
  trust is important in financial relationships . 
  schauble uses terms from his science and tries to apply tactics from his field ( and under his apparently protestant set of moral values ) into international politics . 
  this is dangerous . 
  there is a reason that prime ministers and presidents are superiors to ministers of finance . 
  however you are right that he used the term trust in order to send messages , and for greeks the message was multi-fold , one aspect of which was that he hated how greeks passed some laws without asking him first . 
  all of these laws ( with one notable exception ) were demanded that they are cancelled , a humiliating demand ... 
  they all had something to say , it was a stupid discussion , only the pm was ( almost ) clearly on topic , and perhaps another 2-3 guys .
