  turkey is too strong and aggressive to match without allies . 
  greeks know that without european standards they would return to their old habits of `` partycracy '' ( domination of the currently governing party ) and corruption , which led us to our current nadir . 
  much of debt will not be erased that easily . 
  whenever a radical change happens ( bankruptcy , occupation , communism comes , communism leaves , * the current neoliberal programme * ) people die and people are relieved from their debts without deserving it , or they make fortunes , again without deserving it . 
  i am against radical changes and most sensible people agree . 
  there is the very real risk that during the next couple years the social and political unrest will reach very high if tsipras is severely wounded . 
  everything , everything is possible from a point on . 
  the harsh austerity for 8th year , leading to a total of 10 years of recession , is a dumb strategy and i hope i am proven wrong . 
  the worst days were the years of the ongoing crisis for a variety of reasons ( nazis in the streets , afraid to talk openly because samaras is watching you , tv turned into a sponsored terrorist , lack of perspective for the ordinary people ) and the crisis is still going on . 
  not that i liked the years before , and not that i will like the years after , once our inequality numbers will go beyond european standards and enter sub-saharan africa ranges . 
  at least i hope that corruption is killed . 
  this alone is worth all the fuss . 
  if syriza collapses and we head to elections , it is possible that people will vote for the nazis or the communists , which are both hardcore anti-eu . 
  this would be a nightmare scenario . 
  eu should n't have applied such pressure , they should have accepted the umbrella for the poors without asterisks . 
  a coalition of syriza with any party other than perhaps their current allies would bury forever the dream to clean greece from corruption . 
  in other words , some people do n't know when they have won enough . 
  weeks before capital controls , popular newspapers in greece had titles such as `` from syriza control to capital control '' . 
  people were discussing it and journalists naturally asked the finmin , the pm and any other minister and various members of parliament . 
  say i am a journalist and i ask schaeuble the same question . 
  he answers `` capital controls is out of the question '' when obviously he himself has prepared such plans , like he was trained in the university , and he reguralry runs some tests . 
  does this make him a liar ? 
  i am not into economics but i know that a banking system with leveraging has 2 stable points , and one is the bank run state . 
  it is like a chemical reaction , say burning wood . 
  wood is stable but it takes a spark and it becomes co2 . 
  all those bank safety measures like ela serve like water spraying on wood when a spark is expected . 
  you do n't need your finmin to add the spark , this would be a crime . 
  it is already pretty irrational to keep money in greek banks but many of us do so because either we have no other option or because we love our country . 
  say a journalist asks vman `` am i sensible to keep money in greek banks ? '' . 
  what should he say ? 
  ok , point me another politician who you trust and who has not radiated lies . 
  do you know that greece has an emergency plan to invade romania ? 
  and i bet romania has such a plan as well . 
  will anyone admit it ? 
  you are telling me that a minister of finance should openly warn for capital controls months ago ? 
  where would this lead to , other than a good ol' bank run ? 
  sorry , your comment is wrong , we are talking real politics here and not populist propaganda . 
  if merkel told tsipras to not pass any laws that would serve the cause , would show good will , shorten the schedule and improve greece 's image in other european voting pools and parliaments ( improving the odds for a deal ) and then accused him of inactivity , this is a real political issue . 
  the correct course of action is n't to call 5 whole countries piigs . 
  it started badly , it continued badly . 
  and yes , the term `` terrorists '' was indeed used by greeks , but the term has its own meaning since ages : terrorism is the use of terror in order to gain power , simple as that . 
  it does n't necessarily mean guerilla wars , the modern meaning was promoted by usa predominantly but not everyone endorse this interpretation . 
  [ eu as a whole ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2006/september/tradoc_122532.pdf ) has like 40 % more exports than usa , while they both have roughly equal gdp . 
  a small country with many close neighbours has more trade . 
  if you divided usa into states and you compared california with spain , for example , you would see higher percentages . 
  the emphatic difference you mention between an average european country and usa has its reasons , although you are right that usa lacks in exports more than it should based on geographical reasons only . 
  the way you say it appears fair and right . 
  but what if i tell you that the electricity company is valued at less that the cost of a mere power station currently under construction ? 
  now you see the problem . 
  the idea that lately came out was to transfer the assets to a company in luxemburg which has schaeuble as its manager and gabriel as its assistant manager . 
  weird , is n't it ? 
  politicians are to be blamed for part of this lack of eagerness to reach a consensus . 
  germans , dutch and other politicians accusing greeks , portuguese and others ( the infamous and utterly stupid piigs argument ) but greeks and others spontaneously added gasoline to the fire of mistrust . 
  now it keeps appearing harder and harder to reach a consensus no matter what efforts are made by whichever side . 
  this should serve as an example in the future , to not play with the emotions of the people and to respect the feelings of other europeans as well . 
  and this is true not only for greeks but for germans and british and everyone . 
  how to persuade germans to support greece after all those collisions ? 
  how to persuade greeks to accept after all this humiliation ? 
  how does an unbiased average european feel about this thing ? 
  they all crossed the lines . 
  i am not sure that the dream ends . 
  not even if we greeks leave . 
  europeans vary greatly in their mentality but i guarantee you that a great variation in mentality exists within greece as well with crete being the champion of tax evasion . 
  this did not interrupt our peace . 
  europe is the best place in the world , we show more respect for the different , for human rights and freedom of expression and we maintain peace . 
  throughout all those years there has been no coup or war in any eu country ( and no bankruptcy either , at least not a blatant one ) . 
  all europeans feel strange for the lack of sovereignity and so they tend to endorse politicians who villainise others . 
  i do n't pay attention to such nonsense , it is the usual populistic crap that will forever accompany democracy and freedom of speech . 
  i have friends from germany and elsewhere , sure we differ in mentality but heck i do n't quite match the average greek either and i find this not necessarily a bad thing . 
  europe progressed through variety and it should keep this . 
  i dislike the rather uniform and colorless usa federation and i certainly dislike the huge chinese state . 
  the current crisis is the first crisis that europe faced and it coincided with the global financial crisis . 
  europe managed to face it adequately ( remember how close italy was from being left outside the markets during 2011 ) and now the greek problem is the major stake . 
  it is true that greece has been devastated by 7 years of recession ( and more to come ) and that it is not the only country that suffers today ( portugal and spain are not exactly happy ) but it keeps going , it faces the rising economic powers adequately , it keeps peace , it has a balanced overal trade balance and by all measures it appears like an oasis in a world in turmoil . 
  the darkest moment of europe was its role in the ukraine crisis . 
  it has had other dark moments , one of which is the current dominance of conservatives with their monotonous rhetoric about the virtues of a levelling austerity , but i see it as the efforts of a teenager who tries to become an adult . 
  we ca n't stick to the stubborness of germans for an austerity that happened to work for them ( because they applied it correctly ) because in the future all we now see as the permanent truth will be past . 
  europe has no other choice than to overcome its first crisis ( although to abandon civil rights like in the case of the imposed punishment on greece rightfully appears like a good leap backwards , but anyway i insist on being optimistic , if not for greeks then for the rest of europeans ) . 
  greeks always tend to not pay taxes when they are n't very fond of the governing party or the policy , i remember the attitude during 2011-2012 . 
  this is a stupid attitude because what you pay today is returned to your children tomorrow ... with a haircut because of corruption . 
  the saying you mention is unknown to me ; it probably originated during ww2 occupation . 
  i really ca n't see the context . 
  the poor greeks pay enough , but the rich ones not , and many of the intermediate ones are champions in tax evasion . 
  this situation increases inequality and decreases meritocracy and it is a time bomb for greek society . 
  it is true that horizontal taxes proposed by eu will further increase inequality but the current situation is non sustainable and if we do n't fix certain open wounds in greece we have no future . 
  your attitude is not flattering for greeks . 
  i wo n't align with you , we are not all the same . 
  today all eu are bullying greece but it is impossible to not see that the root for our problems is ourselves and our tolerance for so many years of lousy politics . 
  i ca n't answer you completely because i do n't know . 
  germany and france love to sell weapons to greece grossly overpriced or faulty ( or both ) . 
  quite some greeks live off the illegal payments when they pretend they do n't see how our suppliers screw us . 
  turkey is there as well . 
  greek navy operates in indian ocean fighting piracy . 
  just off my head , not sure what are the most critical reasons . 
  potami is totally unreliable . 
  it claims it is center-left but in fact it is the same as pasok was during 1997-2004 ( economically right-wing ) . 
  its members come from various wavelengths of the political spectrum and various parties and they prefer to parade in the most neoliberal tv channel in greece . 
  they were promoted by germany and this tells a lot . 
  the best possible ally for syriza happens to be a bad ally : kammenos is known for his weirdness and he loves low-level corruption and intrigues . 
  i dislike this party but what to do ?
