  what is it , and how does it works you can read here : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_orchestra_of_christmas_charity overall , thousands of young volunteers comes to our streets in 2nd sunday of january , collecting money . 
  every year we have different goal . 
  this year we want to help fund equipment in pediatrics and geriatrics . 
  both of them ( especially geriatric medicine ) is in terrible place right now in poland . 
  poles spent by putting money to a volunteers piggybank , but also taking parts in online auctions give ca . 
  15-17 million usd every year . 
  you can take part doing nothing . 
  just tweet today anything with a hashtag #mastercardgrazwosp ( mastercard plays with wo\u015ap ) and this credit card company will give 5 pln ( about 1,5 $ ) to the wo\u015ap for every tweet . 
  do it now !, 
  that po had really steal half of polando , as they can buy media all around the world ... ps : / u/hipokryzja pointed it out perfectly . 
  using right-wing narration : `` turn off media , use brain '' , or something like this ? 
  we have several commercial stations , which currently works fine . 
  but they are not fully objective . 
  or , at least they are accused of being not objective . 
  like tvn which is almost openly around leftist/liberal one , which was supporting previous govt , they could ask some really difficult questions to ministers or pm . 
  bbc polish was active until 1st decade of xxi century . 
  then , as poland has its own media , they dropped it, 
  omg, 
  i think they meant mainly increasing external borders power ... 
  they 've always been pro government . 
  we have never had such authority like bbc . 
  but before tvp ( public tv ) and pr ( polish radio ) bosses were chosen in competition . 
  how did competition go , it 's different thing . 
  now they clearly say it 's gon na be govt media . 
  `` because they criticised our party before '' ... 
  i understand the problem , that competitions could been set up ... 
  but to repair these things ( competition for media boss , civil service has been taken down , too ) we need to eliminate corruption , instead of legalizing these manners . 
  it was +12 \u00b0 c here in polando till christmas . 
  now it 's colder , but nothing than a single cloud ( south poland ), 
  we have no social benefits for snow clouds :(, 
  at least they saved their face in intl community . 
  their internal problems were nothing in comparison with pis . 
  may i live at least 1 day in this new govt cadency without feeling ashamed reading about my country here every single day ? 
  we will just `` secure and protect the polish and romanian speaking people on ukrainian 's territory '' . 
  you do n't need to tell me this . 
  oh , so even saying current local reactions are being downvoted ? 
  sweet . 
  then these people have never been outside their houses , or what, 
  links, 
  we have some youngsters called zmiana ( `` change '' ) , paid by kremlin almost directly , but they ca n't even register their party since autumn i believe . 
  just please , tell your journalist not to be surprised if poland turns far right . 
  you do not help us to spread liberal and pro-eu values with that . 
  i feel betrayed , too , even i 'm eu supporter . 
  thanks god , 3 yrs of that crazy uni studying , and hasta la vista , baby, 
  so you know what can we feel in country , as reddit just get 1 % of this shitstorm , mainly international matters posted here . 
  actually someone described current polish situation as follow : `` imagine kid , who was hated in school . 
  treated badly . 
  everyone was hitting him , etc. 
  after all these years , when he was about in middle teenager age , older big guys said : `` okay , kiddo , you 've survived our treatment , now , have some money , and get out . 
  kid bought a ticket to the gym . 
  in meantime he left the school , became young adult . 
  he still looks more like chicken than real strongman , and decided to take revenge on the older guys . 
  he started to hit , but nothing happened . 
  bigger guys were just too strong . 
  now , this kid is poland and it 's latest 300yrs of history , where everyone wanted to delete independent poland from map '' . 
  people in country , where extremists are `` neutral , center-right '' wing , and far right are even criminals , scream that eu is bad , germany buy our country , we are angela 's slaves . 
  government is ( was ) bad , everyone steal money , i 'm poor , shit country but i luv it . 
  typical , avg educated and lower guy here . 
  and high class society is bad . 
  because they are stealing pigs . 
  they had to steal our money , they could n't earn it by hard work ... 
  majority of conservative islamic voters are in asian part , i guess ? 
  i 've heard 2 opinions of lawyers that defend gov : 1st , pis supporter in latest voting 2nd , a man who had been guessed as potential ct chief , nominated by last govt , but rzepli\u0144ski has been elected , instead . 
  do n't remember names , sorry . 
  do they say that they `` had to stay on communist side , to protect the opposition !, 
  ! 11oneone '' like ours do ? 
  yes , funny guy , gave us putinovka vodka as the gift , just not to freeze to death standing there . 
  is there any tl ; dr version of turkish political things available ? 
  mir familiar with actual things happening there ... : /, 
  do n't worry . 
  come to us in march 2016 , 
  majority ? 
  how do you guess that ? 
  election ? 
  only 18 % of allowed to vote , 35 % of actual voters . 
  polls ? 
  % are going down fast as f. . . 
  this bill actually is n't against constitution afaik , but it hurts into local govt self-governing . 
  before you had special competition , where candidates were motivating their application in front of special commission ( jury was established by different organisations , depending on position in new job ) . 
  best was chosen . 
  nowadays , on voivodeship level , there wo n't be any competition . 
  people will be chosen by voivodeship mayor ( ? 
  whatever you call it ; executive power , nominated by prime minister ) directly . 
  i know , that in competitions friends of govt could start , but at least it looked like democratic way of election . 
  and if someone cheated , it 's a thing for police and prosecutor . 
  okay . 
  special forces parliament commission nato counterintelligence centre head of main police lots of national companies bosses got info about their elimination from media . 
  just examples , lol . 
  i bought xperia z5 for that . 
   are not spontaneus okay , we grouped on facebook 2 days before ( in katowice example )  well organised events yes , we do inform local govt about our actions , as we want to group in legal way . 
   thats what government do ? 
  they do n't follow the constitution , change ct bill , public service bill  who do you mean ? 
  who has been changed during nighttime lately ? 
  so , i was in katowice . 
  around 2000 protesters were there . 
  and these all people commenting here saying that i was paid , i 'm stupid , i 'm being a prev govt pig who is trying to secure its interests . 
  nice . 
  ca n't you stop saying what i 'm feeling ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i just feel that my democracy is being raped , like orban did with this in hungary . 
  and i 'm not goddamned paid !,
