yes . 
  prussian , russian and austrians, 
  hello . 
  polish student here . 
  i 've got several friends living in uk , studying there . 
  and i can honestly say we need to learn much much much more , as obligatory subjects . 
  maybe that 's why polish education could be such good . 
  they require from us a lot . 
  biology , chemistry , math , physics , polish ( as literature science ) , history . 
  much things , sometimes even do n't connected with poland , though . 
  just history or literature things . 
  analysing so much novels , books , when only part of them is connected . 
  now 18yo child in math class need to know what indefinite integral is and how to calculate it . 
  unfortunately , position of polish schools is n't high . 
  why ? 
  difficult to say . 
  imo , there are some things why polish schools are do underrated . 
  tradition . 
  english schools are old , have good experienced teachers and professors . 
  in poland it 's a thing , too , but only on the best universities . 
  trademark . 
  i do n't know if you can feel it , but all around the world when you say something is british , and the same thing is polish , people just believe english is better . 
  just like that . 
  3 . learning methods . 
  here in poland we know a lot , but mainly theory . 
  we learn books by heart . 
  there are n't too many laboratory or practice exercises . 
  even they exist , they are n't giving you anything which could be useful in future job . 
  marketing . 
  polish universities do n't promote themselves and their students at all . 
  they are `` unknown random thing '' from poland . 
  nobody cares about them . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  i 'm polish and ca n't get it , too . 
  just a random trolling fagg, 
  hello poland in medieval ages . 
  true . 
  parliamentary elections are planned in autumn this year . 
  is it really indicative right now ? 
  difficult to say . 
  some people even with similar to komorowski 's thinking , voted for duda `` for change something '', 
  yes . 
  we are losing our intl power . 
  china , russia , usa . 
  big countries decide about world 's future divided europe has no power . 
  do they realise about their eu entry agreement ? 
  thanks . 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth , wilno , close friends in history , closer to us than latvia . 
  yes i hate it . 
  latvia is n't actually litwa , but \u0141otwa . 
  btw . 
  is it true that lithuanian treat this commonwealth with some kind of occupation ? 
  i heard it several times . 
  kinda funny because in polish history books it 's been sold to us like we were brothers-in-arms . 
  i always mislead names of lithuania and latvia . 
  do n't actually know why . 
  and method which gon na help me remember that :d ? 
  okay . 
  lithuania . 
  or ... who cares , vilnius was polish . 
  taken . 
  ukraine . 
  nothing , lviv was polish , nothing nothing nothing , kiev nice city , nothing nothing , war . 
  take up to lviv . 
  nice mountains . 
  they have higher part of tatras . 
  polish drivers are god damn devil deadly idiots on the road . 
  same when skiing . 
  taken . 
  czech . 
  cesky lovely country . 
  nice prague . 
  and funny people . 
  funny language . 
  here in poland people are too sad , need more comedy . 
  taken . 
  germany . 
  these noobs attacked us , and even now we need to learn german !!!, 
  111one . 
  we do n't care that these people have nothing to do with people 70 years ago . 
  however . 
  roads . 
  perfect roads for god damn devil deadly idiots . 
  perfect for us . 
  and money . 
  we need some more mercedes and audi to drive on roads . 
  we 'll eventually take it , and introduce polish in schools for a revenge . 
  anything left ? 
  ahh , this little thing upper right corner . 
  nobody cares about it . 
  out . 
  well ... kaliningrad . 
  old east prussia , ppl speaking polish . 
  why not . 
  okay , we 've got different local cultures , but globalization , eu , schengen , cheap flights do a thing . 
  but `` merkel steal from eu states evryving !!!, 
  same arguments used by antieu in polando . 
  but poland ca n't even compare economically to uk . 
  so if you leave , more and more idiots can really force leaving more countries from eu . 
  okey , so here 's the thing .
