it 's called a wage . 
  the weimar republic chose fascism , perhaps they would n't if communists had n't scared the middle and upper classes into supporting hitler as the only person who could oppose the communists . 
  there is no way to look at the history of the weimar republic and not give the kpd and the bavarian soviet any blame in the popularity of the nsdap . 
  if you create a situation where the choice is between communist and non-communists , anybody with anything to lose from communism will get behind the non-communism -- which means everyone who is n't dirt poor and entitled . 
  you 've been propagandised . 
  the article is extremely biased towards communism , and i 'm not in the mood to argue with someone in favour of communism to be perfectly honest with you . 
  it 's based on an entirely violent premise like nazism . 
  you 've also made some racist statements in your post toward russians and greeks ( i 'm of greek origin ) so this seems futile . 
  again , this is the danger of propaganda . 
  they 've now brainwashed you into communism . 
  the aforementioned article is extremely biased . 
  the choices in the early weimar republic were n't socialism and fascism , they were socialism , fascism and * parliamentary democracy ** like every other european nation had . 
  the intense communist activity and the short lived bavarian soviet republic actually galvanized fascism as they presented themselves as the only defenders against communism . 
  the spd is n't a party i 'm a fan of , but they did n't choose fascism -- they chose the path against violent communist revolution and instead wanted to democratically implement their politics . 
  this is why fake , biased websites like this are dangerous, 
  how exactly is nihilism an evil ? 
  when people are nihilistic they 're led to do horrible and often unconscionable things because they do n't perceive their situation to ever get better . 
  nihilism means no hope or forethought , a nihilistic society is a society that will die -- that will kill itself . 
  how is morality `` very often '' relative ? 
  if something is wrong , it 's wrong now and it was wrong a century ago and it was wrong 3 millennia ago . 
  huge corporations are entitled to profits , absolutely . 
  people are also entitled to a basic wage as well , if your labour worth more than that you 'll get paid more than that . 
  most countries also require a business to pay tax . 
  nihilism is one of the greatest evils , i blocked the person so i do n't know if the comment was edited since then but the original comment mentioned nihilism . 
  the russian revolution might have been righteous in the eyes of the bolsheviks , but morality is n't relative -- they were wrong . 
  i 'm not a communist , so i must be a child !, 
  i 'm not an american , thank god . 
  i do n't really have the energy to talk in circles with a child who thinks he 's an edgy and philosophical non-conformist . 
  enjoy your block . 
  internal enemies that get the army onto the streets are oftentimes enemies of civilisation . 
  wow , that 's some very edgy pseudophilosophy . 
  nihilism is one of the greatest evils mankind has ever faced . 
  all actions have purposes , some are righteous and some are not . 
  the struggle that was the russian revolution was * not righteous * the struggle for greek independence from the ottoman empire * was righteous * two random examples . 
  militaries are there for bringing order back , i totally agree . 
  that 's part of national defence -- defence from internal enemies . 
  what point are you trying to make here !, 
  i 'm not a fan of mindless military worship . 
  i respect the military for their purpose , defending the sovereignty and independence of nations but not for things like bombing/invading/occupying foreign countries whose leaders frustrating the economic agendas of certain countries . 
  no idea who chris kyle is . 
  are you a communist ? 
  communism is n't compatible with the paragon of freedom which is economic freedom . 
  i 'm not writing an academic paper , i 'm making a statement in casual conversation . 
  are you a communist ? 
  no , it is n't a joke and if you have positive feelings about communism i regard the same way as i regard people with positive feelings about nazism . 
  i said nothing about opposition to wwi , communist agitation and revolution is violent and unjustifiable . 
  when you associate with violence , you should n't be surprised when violence in perpetrated against you . 
  i 'm not condoning violence or murder , but this is what happens, 
  i actually study history at university , but my focus and interests are in much older times -- the byzantine empire . 
  the story of communism is n't really a cool story , just like the third reich is n't a cool story . 
  if you get involved with violent people , you 're putting yourself at risk . 
  the entire communist ideology is based on taking from other people and oppressing people who are n't of the right class or ideology . 
  rosa luxembourg 's involvement in radical leftist politics led directly to her murder , had she not been involved in violent revolutionary organisations and consorted with violent people and had instead been a normal person of her era she would 've died of old age . 
  that is n't socialism . 
  that does n't sound like pis , it does sound like you 're a child who ca n't actually argur a political point so instead you resort to hyperbole and make yourself sound like an idiot . 
  if you feel the need to spew things that are objectively false , you do n't deserve to be taken seriously . 
  they 're not integraiists ( so you 're objectively lying ) they 're not monarchists , nor are they opposed to democracy ( more objective lies from u/kommie ) it must be quite miserable to be a compulsive liar . 
  when you get involved with communist street battles you 're sort of asking to get hurt , it 's not as if they were killed for no reason like the millions of martyrs ( who were recently mass-canonised by my church , i think/hope the catholics will follow suit ) of communism . 
  it 's not right that they were killed , but they were knowingly involved in things that often lead to violence . 
  if you get spend your time in the toilet , eventually you 'll get pooed on . 
  neither the current government of poland nor franco are/were socialists conservative and catholic is a meaningless label because it would refer to konrad adenauer or charles de gaulle as well as it could refer to the polish government or general franco . 
  ministers of defence are often military men , that means they have experience in military manners . 
  i think you 've demonstrated you do n't really know what you 're talking about . 
  franco was an integralist nationalist , a monarchist and ideologically opposed to democracy in all forms . 
  the polish government is conservative and softly nationalist , but they are n't anti-democrats nor do they want to turn poland into a junta . 
  just say `` i do n't like the polish government '' which is fine instead of saying rubbish and making yourself look dumb , although your username would make that hard regardless . 
  let 's not talk about whether this is idiocy or not , and instead address why you 're calling the polish government francoist ? 
  communism happens when masses of people get told that they 're entitled to things that they 're not entitled too . 
  `` martyred '' they were n't martyred , they got involved in dangerous radical politics and were victims of those politics . 
  there are lots of martyrs throughout that era , luxembourg and liebknecht are n't martyrs . 
  i have no idea . 
  i think a lot about our political system in the uk is or was preferable to other systems ( like the house of lords acting as a check on the excesses of democracy before blair 's reform act -- now it 's just a place for politicians to send their cronies ) but the common law leaves too much in the hands of judges and their `` interpretation '' of things . 
  political implications aside the state of ukraine is sad . 
  i wish western europe would do more to help the refugee crisis in ukraine . 
  poland has done quite a lot , and i 've read that hungary , romania and bulgaria have taken in some ukrainians as well . 
  i 'm greek orthodox and here in britain this is most common sort of orthodox church by far so non-greek orthodox eastern europeans frequent our church as well and i 've always found ukrainians , russians , bulgarians and slavs in general to be such warm and family oriented people . 
   incredible common law are you serious ? 
  the common law is probably the most ridiculous and insane system . 
  britain needs its own `` code napoleon '' based on proper codified law . 
  i 'm talking about ethnicity and cultural heritage , those people are greeks . 
  that 's not a voluntary choice or something that could be opted out of . 
  the vast majority of greek cypriots identify as ** greek ** cypriots . 
  you seem very confused about the fact that an ancient people like the greeks exist outside of national boundaries and borders . 
  my ancestors were greek speaking people in anatolia that would 've thought of themselves as rhomaion -- roman citizens of the eastern roman empire . 
  does that mean i ca n't include them when i 'm talking about greeks ? 
  the unfounded claim was that greek cypriots wanted to ethnically cleanse or commit genocide against turks . 
  yes , there was a desire for * enosis * ( union with greece ) but greece is n't turkey . 
  in greece the historical turkish minority has full cultural and political rights . 
  i do n't think you understand what i 'm trying to say , which is odd because i just said it . 
  firstly , it 's more like 4/5 of all cypriots not 2/3 . 
  secondly , i 'm not mentioning citizenship , i think that 's quite irrelevant in this context -- i 'm talking about culture and heritage . 
  you seem to have a mental block on seperating the two . 
  thirdly , the division of the north being turks and the south being greek is n't something that has red existed until the invasion . 
  the island was checked with greek , turkish and mixed villages and towns . 
  i would suggest not making unfounded claims and accusing victims of being aggressors . 
  are you insane ? 
  empowering the majority and removing privileged status from a minority is n't genocide . 
  furthmore , there is no justification you can make for violations of the geneva conventions and treating greek cypriots how israel treats palestinians . 
  it absolutely has to do with it , and your comment is a perfect example of why . 
  turkey and turks often seem to feel as if they 've some sort of god-given entitlement to everything that greeks have .
