   firstly , you are purposely sharing an bullshit article from a greek newspaper that reeks attention . 
  a reputable newspaper . 
   nobody cares what erdogan says . 
  he says these kind of stuff for years . 
  he 's the president of turkey and it seems like you 're trying to minimize it because you regard him as an embarrassment . 
  i 'd be embarrassed too , but you ca n't hide from reality . 
   then you start to generalize all turks and somehow transitioned to how we are all barbarians and hate all christians . 
  i never said that you 're barbarians , i made a factually correct statement backed up by polling . 
   i understand you do n't like turks due to your heritage but come on . 
  should i talk about how all germans are nazis every single time there is a news coming from germany ? 
  no because that would be incorrect , unlike my statement that there is widespread bigotry against christians in turkey . 
   you are just generalizing 80 million people out of your biased views . 
  i 'm making a statement based on evidence . 
   how is this related to whats going on with cyprus negotiations ? 
  why is the mention of the genocide of armenians , greeks and assyrians such a trigger for you ? 
  do you deny that it happened ? 
   what is your problem with the secularists ? 
  none particularly . 
  i 'm demonstrating that the problem is n't just erdogan , turkish secularists have historically been just as hateful and abusive towards non-turks . 
  not only christians , but kurds . 
   are you trying to say in every turk 's core there is a murderer who has a thirst for the blood of christians ? 
  no , i 'm trying to say that hatred for non-turks and especially non-turks who are christians is something that is widespread across the partisan divide . 
   should we look into a nation 's past every single time there is a political post ? 
  when it 's relevant , yes . 
  the past is the key to understand the present . 
  do n't be embarrassed . 
   how in the fuck chp incited the progroms ? 
  pogroms started around 1955 and chp was not in power after 1950 . 
  now you are just cherry-picking . 
  there was ** a pogrom ** in 1955 , a disastrous one . 
  it would n't have happened if the chp had n't spent it 's decades in power turning a blind eye to previous smaller racial attacks and pogroms . 
   ecevit had a fucking coalition with erbakan who was forced to act on the cyprus issue . 
  so you 're saying that a chp led government invaded cyprus ? 
  glad we agree . 
   do n't spin the history as if turkey invaded the island out of nowhere . 
  do n't spin history to try and make it seem as if it was at all justified . 
  it was no more justified than the turkish genocide of armenians , greeks and assyrians . 
   now you are just seeking for excuses to blame the secularists . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  you are deliberately twisting history to fit it into your view i 'm demonstrating that it 's not just the islamic akp ( or it 's predecessor the justice party ) nor is it the ultranationalist mhp . 
  it 's the entirety of the turkish political spectrum outside of some left wing kurdish parties . 
   now you are just insulting the whole nation . 
  no , i stated a fact . 
  turkish nationhood defines itself * against * other nations , that 's why it is so threatened by the expression of national feeling by non-turkish minorities like the kurds today . 
   how did you arrive to this conclusion from eu membership in just one paragraph ? 
  you read what i wrote , did you not ? 
   congratz you solved every problem in turkey that nobody could for the last 200 years . 
  200 years ago there was no turkey , or turks at least not in the same sense as today . 
  there was the ottoman empire , and every muslim be they bosnian or palestinian or turkic speaking was defined as a turk and the identity of the empire was based around it 's imperial structure and it 's centrality in the islamic world since it was the seat of the caliph . 
  in the twilight years of the empire , a new identity for the turkish ( turkic , anatolian , muslim ) nation was artificially created and somewhat artificially imposed . 
  this identity is centred around turkish difference and opposition to/from other people 's in the region and artificially detaches turkishness from the ottomans by creating a national myth of ancient turkic lineage to the point of ridiculousness , like the turkish military defining it 's founding date in the 3rd century bc . 
  how is it disinformation ? 
  please refute each point and provide a counterpoint if you 're going to make such an allegation . 
  he sounds like someone i would vote for if i were bulgarian to be perfectly honest . 
  what 's his economic orientation ? 
  they both speak wierd languages !, 
  the invasion of cyprus was in 1974 , cypriots are greeks . 
  in addition , the number of greeks in turkey since the 50s has plummeted due to continued pogroms and persecution . 
  the population transfers after wwi exempted the greeks of constantinople/istanbul but that did n't stop turks from periodically attacking greek homes and businesses while the state turned a blind eye or even supported the groups perpetrating the violence such as the grey wolves . 
  the greek orthodox church is centered in turkey because that 's where our patriarch is and the turkish government is extremely abusive to the church , having confiscated it 's schools and seminaries and arbitrarily passing rules that the patriarch of constantinople must be a turkish born greek with full knowledge that at this point there are only a few thousand left . 
  my father is a greek from turkey who came to greece proper as a little kid and then britain as an adult , i have some remaining family there and the treatment of greeks is a disgrace . 
  a technocratic benevolent dictatorship as described in * the republic * is of course the ideal government , since it would be run by learned experts with the best interests of the people in mind . 
  crete is very well armed , do n't get any ideas . 
  from the article :  she has been compared to joan d'arc and boudica . 
  beautiful . 
  i 'm british but my parents are greeks and i have never heard of her . 
  the geography of greece means it can get cold very quickly . 
  there was also recently snow in athens . 
  turkey has all but given up on eu membership quite awhile ago , however it 's not just erdogan and the akp that has this sort of hateful and imperialistic attitude towards all non-turks from the region but especially non-turks who are christian like greeks , armenians and assyrians . 
  remember it was the secular and reformist young turks/commitee of union and progress that committed the genocide against armenians , greeks and assyrians in the twilight of the ottoman empire , it was the secularist chp ( republican people 's party ) and democratic party that incited pogroms against the phanariote greeks who remained in istanbul/constantinople after the population transfers and it was a chp government that invaded cyprus and ethnically cleansed hundreds of thousands of greeks from their homes there . 
  the problem spans the entire political spectrum and it 's because the post-ottoman turkish identity is defined against other nations as opposed to the greek or english or german or chinese national identity which is defined by a shared cultural and familial heritage . 
  he is such an awful , hateful man . 
  turkey has spent almost 600 years abusing greeks including some members of my own family , why wo n't they stop ? 
  i have never been to bruges so i do n't know . 
  switzerland is the most beautiful , admirable country in europe by far . 
  i like how traditional poland is as well . 
  i love the poles . 
  it 's not just the elderly , most pro-eu people here in the uk are n't eurofederalists at all they just do n't mind free movement and like the economic benefits . 
  i have continental ( greek ) parents and consider myself pro-european but my view of an ideal europe is similar to the [ ecr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_conservatives_and_reformists ) vision of europe . 
  brussels is very beautiful , unfortunately it 's more like london than paris in the sense that the beautiful historic inner city has the dodgiest areas as opposed to way out of view in the suburbs . 
  lisbon sounds absolutely beautiful !, 
  looks like our choices are narrowed to lisbon and croatia !, 
  sounds amazing . 
  portugal looks lovely and is of course filled with history . 
  i just read os lus\u00edadas by cam\u00f5es ( in english of course ) for a university course and now i want to know more about portugal . 
  where do you reccomend ? 
  lisbon , porto , the algarves ? 
  the a\u00e7ores look lovely but they 're probably out of reach for this holiday . 
  the flags are too small for me to see . 
  which countries do they represent ? 
  good idea !, 
  i 've never been to those areas , only the northeast near san sebastian . 
  thank you , you 've really been a great help !, 
  it looks really beautiful , and guest houses to let for a week seem quite inexpensive in split and dubrovnik . 
  i 'll have to show my mum and my brothers , but it looks like croatia may be the place !, 
  incentivise companies to invest in their country , especially outside of the major cities and make property ownership for young families easier by offering low rate loans and tax reductions for property owners . 
  making ownership as widespread as possible is important because it ties people to the land . 
  a bit of emigration would n't hurt if they were replacing themselves , which they are n't so therefore child raising should be made as convenient as possible with free nursery , maternity and paternity leave and options for flexibile employment for parents . 
  greece as well , because of the ongoing crisis . 
  more greek medical school graduates live in the uk and australia than they do in greece .
