  i do n't know where you 're from or if you 've ever met a person from cyprus but the vast majority of cypriots are ethnically greek , with a greek cultural and linguistic heritage and membership of the greek orthodox church . 
  perhaps you misunderstood me but i was n't talking about being greek in terms of citizenship . 
  there 's no such thing as an ethnic cypriot or the cypriot language . 
  it was a mix , apparently something 40-50 % of algiers was pieds-noirs , jews and native algerian muslims who took french nationality and the other half was natives without french nationality . 
  there 's a wierd obsession with sweden 's immigration policies which i think are a bit irresponsible but sweden by no means has the worst problem . 
  the stereotype of sweden as some kind of politically correct islamic dystopia is furthered by youtubers from sweden like the golden one and the angry foreigner . 
  maybe the focus on sweden is specifically because sweden is often held up by american and british progressives as a model ? 
  france is n't anything like africa . 
  i 'm not the kind of person who wo n't talk about migration issues , and i might even be inclined to support nationalist political parties but let 's not be hyperbolic . 
  france is less african than it was a generation or two ago , when the second largest french city was n't marseille -- it was algiers !, 
  i 'm linking turkey 's eu membership to still unresolved issues in the turkish polity that can be tied back to the establishment of the state . 
  basically what you 're saying is that you do n't like what i said , so therefore it 's wrong and racist . 
  `` it 's complicated '' is n't really relevant , i 've said nothing untrue . 
  it goes against the turkish nationalist narrative which means you uncomfortable but that is a personal issue . 
  there is nothing racist about being against racism and the abuse and ethnic cleansing of autochthonous people . 
  aside from a blatant lie or two in your post ( `` chp was n't in charge '' they were in change from the foundation of the state until 1950 and did nothing to stop abuses against minorities they were pledged to protect and `` whole international community was with us '' is that why the us put an arms embargo on turkey ? ), 
  all you 've said is that you do n't like what i 'm saying . 
  this is the dismissive and triumphalist attitude that turkey has toward every minority or neighbouring nation , and it 's almost comical that turkish nationalists are so confounded as to why the pkk and other groups continue to rise against the state . 
  the turkish people have a whole need to do a lot of self reflection . 
  i 'll pray for you . 
  you 've finally admitted that there is an issue with the denial of rights and freedoms to minorities in turkey and it 's an endemic societal issue . 
  you 've confirmed everything i 've said . 
  thank you . 
  it 's unacceptable and you know if turks in greece or bulgaria were treated half as badly you would be outraged . 
  other countries are n't the topic here , turkey is . 
  calm down you mean ? 
  it looks very interesting . 
  that 's not really an excuse , education being problematic is n't a free pass for the denial of basic rights . 
  `` such is life '' is something appropriate to say about confusing bureaucracy to renew your passport , not the denial of religious freedom . 
  you 're displaying almost astounding levels of denialism , and trying to push a false ultranationalist narrative . 
  the fact that after your shocking behaviour you 've bragged that we 've not seen nothing yet shows that turkey has a serious and insidious problem of ultranationalism and hatred . 
  this is n't healthy patriotism this is the kind of attitude that leads to people committing genocide and then denying it . 
  you ever stop to think that they 've been driven out ? 
  greeks are an autochthonous minority in the country , and have a right to be able to be serviced in their native language . 
  in the greek high school ( \u00d6zel fener rum lisesi / \u039c\u03b5\u03b3\u03ac\u03bb\u03b7 \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5 \u0393\u03ad\u03bd\u03bf\u03c5\u03c2 \u03a3\u03c7\u03bf\u03bb\u03ae ) in istanbul which is funded by the greek government and the diaspora classes are n't allowed to be taught in any language but turkish and greek is treated as a foreign tongue . 
  property of the patriarch like halki seminary is still held hostage , and the turkish state has interfered in the practice of orthodoxy worldwide by mandating that only greek born a turkish citizen is eligible to be the patriarch . 
   you have n't seen anything if you think there is ultranationalism going on here . 
  that 's a statement about the sickness of turkish society , not me . 
  i have n't displayed any sort of nationalism , maybe you 're confused because most other countries do n't define their national identity against other nations . 
  i have n't displayed any victim complex either , i 've tried to be as impersonal as possible and stick to facts -- do you have any refutations or what ? 
  i 'm not trying to find an identity of any sort , i 'm quite secure . 
  i have written out every post on this sub clearly and concisely and the only refutations i 've gotten are ad hominem and variations on `` nah mate '' refute my points with facts , the onus is on you . 
  the thing is you ca n't , and everyone outside of the turkish/turkish diaspora echo chamber can see the exact thing i 'm talking about . 
  my post was so triggering because it did n't tow the line that internet bozkurtler like to convey -- that turkey is good it 's just * erdogan * who 's a bit insensitive or extreme . 
  he 's a product of turkish society , just as much of the blatant denialism and insecure ultranationalism in this thread is . 
  they 're denied cultural self expression , education in their native tongue , access to services in their native tongue , greek churches and community centres have been confiscated and attacked and greeks are discriminated against quite openly by the government . 
  that 'd be you . 
  i certainly have , and all you 're responding to me with is `` nuh uh why are you mentioning that you racist ccc '', 
   it would be newsworthy if only he does n't repeat the same bullshit every week . 
  you are just feeding into the hatred against turks . 
  posting a news article about the president of a major country making a shocking statement about an ongoing geopolitical issue is n't inciting hatred . 
  you 're just uncomfortable with reality . 
   what is this polling ? 
  http://www.pewforum.org/2007/10/25/turkey-and-its-many-discontents/ as of 2006 , only 16 % of turks had a positive view of christians  that is complete bullshit what a substantive reply . 
   it has no correlation or relation what so ever with the cyprus negotiations ? 
  i am just sick of pieces of shit like you who would bring up the armenian genocide to bad talk turks . 
  you are just looking for excuses to speak your hatred . 
  it does have a relation to the cyprus situation though , because it 's an example of the attitude of the turkish state towards greeks and other minorities on territories that it claims . 
  answer me if you 'd like continue talking , ** do you affirm that a genocide of armenians , greeks and assyrians happened and the turkish state is culpable ** ? 
  i do n't talk to genocide deniers so just clear that up for me . 
   this is simply not sure what ? 
   it 's not relevant though that is the problem . 
  it is relevant , i just said why in an above answer . 
   i am not embarrassed for anything . 
  especially for what happened in the past and i have no control of . 
  then why are you so angry that i posted this article . 
   ahh yes . 
  sorry for turning blind eye to some smaller incidents when there were bigger concerns . 
  like building a nation from stratch . 
  catching up with the world in terms of development and barely staying out of wwii you know that sort of thing part of building a civilised nation is protection autochthonous minorities , but the intention was never to do that . 
  the intention was to drive greeks out of turkey . 
  it was responsibility of the state to protect people and the turkish republic failed . 
  to this day the turkish state holds onto confiscated property , like the seminary belonging to the patriarchate . 
   are you kidding me ? 
  invasion was all justified per agreements between all three nations . 
  the fact that you are comparing genocides with what happened at cyprus is an insult to those who died in 1915 you pathetic man . 
  justified on what grounds ? 
  turks not being privileged above the majority in cyprus ? 
  democracy ? 
  ethnic cleansing , displacement and mass murder is pretty equivalent to what happened to the armenians , greeks and assyrians at the beginning of the century at the hands of the turkish state imo . 
   hahah i often giggle nervously when i have nothing to say as well . 
   you are sounding more and more borderline racist now . 
  `` disputing the turkish ultranationalist false narrative '' is n't the definition of racism . 
   turkish fucking nationhood is threatened when a certain minority terrorist group wants to take away a good portion of lands . 
  well when you ban a native people 's language and culture and try to erase them , they tend to fight back . 
  those lands are lands that armenians used to live on , that are now inhabited by kurds . 
  this is what i mean about turkish nationhood . 
   this would be threatening to every single country including spain and uk . 
  the grievances are much more acute in the case of minorities in turkey . 
   thank you for confirming that you are not right in the head . 
  i am not going to even waste my time refuting this as it is getting ridiculous . 
  i 'm sorry that objective facts and not bozkurt pseudo-history offends you . 
  i 'm not `` spitting hatred '' i have no feelings of hatred or contempt towards turks whatsoever , i 'm stating facts about the pretty dire situation in turkey with regards to their view of their neighbours and people who live among them . 
  i have plenty idea what 's going on in turkey , actually . 
  i 'm just not sugarcoating it or tailoring my words to the sensibilities of the turkish nationalist narrative . 
  i 've invited anyone who would like to refute me with data and facts to do so . 
   shame what brainwashing can do to you is n't that an ironic statement !, 
  the treatment of the remaining greek minority in turkey is a disgrace , if greece treated it 's turkish minority half as bad as turkey treats its greeks there would be international outcry . 
  there are strong restrictions of religious freedom and cultural expression in addition to widespread societal and institutional discrimination . 
  you 're wrong on that issue .
