  however , they still had mostly free markets ( at least internally ) and mostly free enterprise . 
  the distinction you are making is much more nuanced and it is really a whole another discussion than the one started by farlige_farvande when he/she blamed the current turmoil in europe on `` capitalism '' . 
  thanks a lot for the references , though !, 
  tl ; dr good luck convincing a polish guy that the washington consensus does n't work for developing countries :p, 
  i recommend to you milton friedman 's lecture [ `` is capitalism humane '' ] ( http://youtu.be/27tf8rn3uim?t=37m13s ) . 
  the link points to the fragment most relevant to our discussion but the entire thing is well worth watching . 
   every non-capitalist country in history has become capitalist . 
  there 's no real way to determine the comparative virtues of `` capitalism '' -- it 's a self-reproducing system that has never been successfully abolished in any of the places it 's taken root . 
  even the soviet union did n't successfully abolish the accumulation of capital for its own sake , which is the essential aspect of capitalism . 
  this is why it 's appropriate to talk of `` state capitalism '' there . 
  of course , that 's correct . 
  when i said `` non-capitalist '' i referred to countries which supposedly rejected capitalism and tried to implement other systems . 
  every such attempt failed miserably . 
  i admit i 'm not familiar with the south korean case . 
  it sounds interesting , i must read up on it . 
  however , i doubt it would be enough to really validate central planning as a long-term system , as the evidence to the contrary is vast and undisputed in modern economics . 
  i make the opposite conclusion . 
  is capitalism necessary ? 
  probably , we do n't know for sure but we 've ruled out most of the popular alternatives with good confidence . 
  definitely . 
  that 's the one idea i can respect , actually , as far as alternative systems go . 
  but i 'm still very sceptical . 
  i can , actually . 
  i think it 's because they are spoilt by wealth and security . 
  they take things for granted , they have lost perspective . 
  there are lessons to learn and changes to make as a result of recent turmoil , but blaming capitalism is akin to throwing out the baby with the bathwater . 
   capitalism every single non-capitalist country in modern history has dwindled into terrible poverty and usually oppression . 
  i 'm sure you can find a better alternative and * this time * it will work , but forgive me if i prefer to sit this one out . 
   the great depression of 1929 disagrees . 
  the causes of the great depression are subject to debate even now , many decades later . 
  however , most economists agree federal reserve 's policy was one of the reasons why the crisis turned into a depression instead of an ordinary recession . 
  many economists actually think it was the primary reason . 
  one can argue that the real estate bubble was exacerbated by the government 's regulation encouraging house ownership and it would have burst much sooner otherwise , resulting in a moderate correction as opposed to a depression of this magnitude . 
   house ownership in spain is above 80 % . 
  the desire to own one 's own home was encouraged by governments in the 1960s and 70s , and has thus become part of the spanish psyche . 
  in addition , tax regulation encourages ownership : 15 % of mortgage payments are deductible from personal income taxes . 
  further , the oldest apartments are controlled by non-inflation-adjusted rent-controls [ 4 ] and eviction is slow , thereby discouraging renting . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_property_bubble#dynamics ), 
  that 's a bizarre question but you seem to be asking honestly ... 
  i do n't know that much , i 'm just casually interested in it . 
  so economic news , articles , blogs , and books . 
  and of course wikipedia . 
  excuse me ? 
  i 've said this before : this petition is an utter non-sequitur . 
  the fact that access to water is a human right does not imply how and by whom it should be provided . 
  if you believe access to water is best managed by the government then by all means , campaign for that - but cut out the fallacious appeal to human rights . 
  no shit . 
   it was obvious from the very beginning that only marginal parties like palikot 's populists and post-commies will vote for it . 
  you 're exaggerating , the draft was thrown out by 228 to 211 . 
  the majority of the ruling party supported it . 
  when comparing to the us , you must remember the us dollar is the primary reserve currency of the world so they play by different rules . 
  britain would n't enjoy meagre 3 % on its bonds if it had 100 + % debt-to-gdp ratio , like the us does right now . 
  british economy shrank in q1 and q2 , rebounded in q3 , and then went down again in q4 . 
  i 'm wondering if this really are two separate dips or just a single one , with the temporary recovery artificially caused by the olympic games . 
  i meant that your description of neo-liberalism was wrong , it was more representative of anarcho-capitalism than neo-liberalism . 
   well , the purpose of a system is what it does . 
  when people who are called neo-liberals do everything in their power to privatise profits and socialise losses then that 's what they do , and if they do n't oppose regulation then it 's to further that goal , not to protect the ideal of a free market . 
  the point is , these are n't necessarily neo-liberals . 
  it seems like you take some interest groups and politicians you dislike , who happen to use the free-market rhetoric , and call them neo-liberals as a catch-all term . 
  i think you are misrepresenting the position of neo-liberals . 
  none of the most prominent neo-liberal economists , from milton friedman to friedrich hayek , relied on this kind of idealized constructs . 
  the suggestion that neo-liberal economic theory relies on perfect rationality and perfect information , or that it opposes any form of regulation , is a common strawman . 
  what you are describing sounds more like the austrian school and anarcho-capitalism as formulated by murray rothbard . 
  i encourage everybody to read kroes 's excellent blog post which explains her position : http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/neelie-kroes/netneutrality/, 
   i ca n't vote for or against them sure you can , you elect members of the european parliament who then choose the european commission . 
  it is analogous to your national government . 
   sounds like a great idea . 
  sounds like well-meaning idea , whether it is great is less clear . 
  people in this thread pointed out how it could potentially become a nightmare that makes the hiring process longer and more expansive without actually helping the original problem . 
  most people are so quick to judge policies based on their stated intentions , as opposed to investigating their actual effects . 
  whoever can provide the best service most efficiently , simple . 
  in overwhelming majority of cases the answer is : private enterprises . 
  however , i understand this is an unusual industry , so it may be one of those rare exceptions where having the government in control is advantageous . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not familiar with the ins and outs of the issue . 
  my point is it 's a misguided sentiment that things should be run by the government just because they are important . 
  i thought insurance became pretty much compulsory under obamacare ? 
   britain in particular had nationalised steelworking , shipbuilding , mining , telecoms , health and railways . 
  it was still a long , long way from a 100 % state-run economy , nobody would cite it as an example of a socialist country . 
  theoretically not . 
  in practice though , i think it is no coincidence all historical attempts of implementing socialism dwindled into oppressive , undemocratic regimes . 
  i wonder how many more of those it will take for the last of socialists to concede that this system in unworkable and doomed to failure , despite its noble intentions . 
  well , coming from a country which experienced 45 years of that system recently , i 'm a tad sceptical about it . 
   public ownership of essential services like the water supply , energy supplies , healthcare , telecoms etc. 
  ensures that they 're operated for the public good without the need to make a profit , something which more often than not comes before the provision of a good service . 
  by this logic , would n't everything be better off provided and operated by the government i.e. 
  socialism proper ? 
  the reason i 'm not going to sign the petition is that it is a complete non-sequitur . 
  access to water being a human right does n't imply the government should be in charge of providing it . 
   anybody who gets this upset over a fucking piece of cloth is a complete idiot . 
  i , on the other hand , think you have to be an idiot not to understand this is about more than a piece cloth and that symbols matter in human culture . 
  he/she cited both and put public school teachers at 150,000 . 
  thanks !, 
   50 % of public school teachers , should be a good approximation no , it is n't , according to numbers cited by limited_slip_diff it is approximately 33 % ( which is still a big percentage ) . 
   there is the entire report in pdf on one of the links . 
  i do n't speak portuguese , would you mind posting the link here ? 
  i find this difficult to believe , nobody in their right mind would propose something like this . 
  there must have been a mistake , is there a link to the original study ? 
  edit . 
  ok , here 's what i found in 30 seconds . 
  first , 50,000 would be much less then half of all teachers .
