  why ? 
  because it was done bilaterally , instead of formally through nato structures ? 
  practically and politically it makes no difference . 
  it 's about nato members demonstrating their alliance . 
  one of the key reasons why they are n't an easy target is their membership in nato . 
  but this is a deterrent only as long as nato maintains its legitimacy . 
  to do its job , nato has to clearly demonstrate that it is ready to protect its members and that an attack on one of them would be met with a response from the alliance . 
  and that 's what france and the usa are doing . 
  it matters * precisely because * the countries in question were russia 's exclusive sphere of influence until very recently and you 're naive to think russians have let it go completely ( especially the baltic states , which were part of the ussr just like ukraine was ) . 
  the graph is in usd , i 'm pretty sure it 's just because of exchange rates and the recent strengthening of the dollar . 
  most of these countries have had a positive growth lately . 
  same with the dip in 2008 , e.g. 
  poland did n't experience a recession . 
  yes , and the pm is supposed to form the government out of parties that support government 's policies . 
  where 's the problem ? 
  for a less cynical and , in my opinion , more realistic summary , see [ nyt 's chart on the changes ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/01/17/us/nsa-changes-graphic.html ) and [ new yorker 's editorial ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/online/blogs/newsdesk/2014/01/a-major-victory-for-snowden-and-nsa-reformers.html ) . 
  i think you are being overly critical . 
  like complaining about it being just an executive directive ... what ? 
  that 's the only thing he can do as a president - to pass a statute you need congress . 
  which they working on and obama 's speech will help a lot to pass the reform , because it represents a huge change in the government 's rhetoric . 
  i 'm not the one you asked , but i heard he had a big role in facilitating the transition from franco 's dictatorship towards democracy in the 70s . 
  is that not true ? 
   banks are n't some kind of social service like you seem to believe , it is ruthless business . 
  and you seem to believe that if a business makes a lot of profit , then it is abusing people and not helping them . 
  in other words , the zero-sum game fallacy . 
  right , remember the times when houses were so cheap that average people would just save up for a couple of years to buy one ? 
  me neither . 
  i did n't say it was n't part of ukrainian history . 
  but it is a bad part and the protesters want to condemn it and break away from it . 
  oh yeah , what are you gon na do ? 
  kill yourself ? 
  the statue has everything to do with russia and its politics in the 20th century , which in turn have a lot to do with russia 's current attitude towards ukraine as its sphere of influence , which coincidentally is exactly what the protests are about . 
  not pure capitalism , no . 
  but there has been * just a little * more success with mostly capitalist systems than with mostly communist ones . 
   it should be banned to buy sex because no one should be forced to sell themselves . 
  how is anyone being * forced * to do it ? 
  the choose to . 
  sure , they may be driven by their difficult circumstances but it 's still their choice . 
  if you make prostitution illegal , you do nothing whatsoever to improve their circumstances , all you achieve is taking away that option and limiting their freedom . 
  how is this supposed to help anybody ? 
  yes , that 's definitely an important contributing factor . 
  however keep in mind that poland was the biggest beneficiary in absolute terms , but not nearly the biggest per capita . 
  other east european countries that received more in proportion to the sizes of their economies did n't do as well . 
  in fact , some of them experienced devastating recessions . 
  this shows that eu funds are far from being the whole story . 
  i assume that 's directed on the op who shamelessly made up that quote ( or maybe the guardian , in case they changed the title ) . 
   i 've been searching for a source of where he said the title , however i ca n't find it in the guardian article or otherwise . 
  does anyone know where he said it ? 
  my bet is on nowhere . 
  touche . 
   mind you , it was still very much partly the fault of the soviet union not partly , completely . 
  there 's no doubt that the famine was the fault of soviet policies , the debate is about the extent to which the outcome was deliberate . 
  which is a far better solution , imo . 
  it 's such very hard issue and i have n't got a clear opinion about it yet . 
  this post is just me thinking out loud . 
  i think we should n't allow procedures that are 1 ) medically unjustifiable and b ) either risky or irreversible . 
  but preventing them does n't require appointing an outside legal guardian - doctors should simply refuse to carry out such procedures . 
  the nature of parents ' motivations , whether religious or otherwise , is irrelevant . 
  however , the concepts of both medical justifiability and risk often are n't clear . 
  circumcision itself is the best example of such contentious issue . 
  the american academy of pediatrics [ says ] ( http://www.aap.org/en-us/about-the-aap/aap-press-room/pages/newborn-male-circumcision.aspx?nfstatus=401&amp;nftoken=00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000&amp;nfstatusdescription=error%3a+no+local+token ) :  after a comprehensive review of the scientific evidence , the american academy of pediatrics found the health benefits of newborn male circumcision outweigh the risks , but the benefits are not great enough to recommend universal newborn circumcision . 
  the aap policy statement published monday , august 27 , says the final decision should still be left to parents to make in the context of their religious , ethical and cultural beliefs . 
  so , according to that view , circumcision may be medically * unnecessary * but it 's not * unjustifiable * . 
  the benefits are n't big enough that you would do it solely for medical reasons , but it does have some benefits , so , as far as doctors are concerned , you might do it for other reasons . 
  circumcision seems like a pretty grey area . 
  i think suspending parents ' legal guardianship is a pretty drastic step and should be reserved for stuff that 's more black-and-white than this . 
  yeah , sure . 
  it just sounded as if you were talking about parents making medical decisions for their children in general . 
   the parents are legal guardians and at the moment they legally have the right to decide over their childrens bodies . 
  i do n't agree with that , but it 's factual . 
  what ? 
  how else do you imagine it , a five-year-old `` deciding '' if it should have surgery ? 
  children are simply incapable of making such decisions , the parents have to be in charge . 
  let 's say a child has a serious condition but it 's scared of hospitals and needles , so it cries and yells it does n't want to go , and you ca n't do anything about it because the kid has `` decided over its body '' . 
  it 's insane . 
  see , that 's how to works !, 
  you 're happy , because you are on the happiest nations list , because you were happy , because you were on the happiest nations nations list , because ... you guys just happened to land high in the first edition and since then you have been guaranteed to be perpetually happy . 
  same reason why we are misanthropic , miserable sods . 
  this is the most ridiculously editorialized post i 've seen here since that communist rant about `` working people begging for crumbs from their masters ' hands '' and shit a few months ago . 
  we should start a chart or something . 
  base score for each fallacy and hyperbole , bonus points for poetic metaphors . 
  ( that awkward moment when you do n't know if people are upvoting your comment because they took it seriously or because they got the joke ), 
  this article left out the worst part . 
  for many years the uk supplied syria with large amounts of dihydrogen monoxide , a key chemical used in manufacturing biological weapons . 
  how did you even to get thatcher into this ? 
  you are claiming her philosophy drives dutch policies today when the very topic of the discussion is evidence to the contrary . 
  we are talking about significant subsidies that are bound to distort supply and demand - the exact opposite of a free market . 
  amazing how you 've managed to spin a case of failed government regulation into an argument against the free market . 
  you should be a politician . 
   and i hope that they do n't think that britain/us would go to war just to ` help ' poor syrians . 
  i do think so , except for the `` just '' . 
  yeah , there are other motivations but it does n't mean humanitarianism ca n't be one too . 
   whatever the reason , that 's not it . 
  why does there have to be a single decisive reason ? 
  in geopolitics , especially in such a convoluted clusterfuck of a situation , there are always many factors at play . 
  we can speculate about their relative weights but no single one of them is `` the real reason '' . 
  i think humanitarian concerns definitely are * one * of the reasons here , maybe even the one that tipped the scale . 
  believe it or not , politicians are human . 
  besides , let 's get real , do n't you think countries * should * also consider their own political and economic interests ? 
  but people do n't like to think about it .
