  if they had been unsustainably inflated , the current trend is perfectly logical . 
  many people think they had indeed . 
   unemployment rates tell us nothing at all . 
  do n't get carried away . 
  they may not tell us the whole story but to say they tell nothing is silly . 
   you can create an army of underpaid employed people , living near or below the poverty line , like in germany . 
  germany has a comparable-to-lower poverty rate than france ( [ 12,7 % vs 12,9 % in 2008 ] ( http://www.euro.centre.org/detail.php?xml_id=1372 ) ) . 
  france has two times greater unemployment than germany . 
  all of this despite france having one of the highest minimum wages in europe and germany having * no minimum wage at all * . 
  even if you were right , my point would still stand . 
  i would rather everyone earned less , than half the people earned more and the other half had no job at all . 
  you would think left-leaning people would be the first to agree with this sense of social justice , but it seems the false sense of protection and comfort provided by the minimum wage is difficult to let go . 
   so far in france worked well , we will see after the increase . 
  on what basis are you saying it worked well ? 
  on the surface , france has twice as big unemployment as germany , who has no minimum wage . 
  / r/europe is liking this , no surprise . 
  so here 's another point of view . 
  it makes no sense to increase the minimum wage in the time of crisis , because it is a well-studied rule that it 's detrimental to employment rate . 
  increasing the price of labour decreases demand for it - basic economics , really . 
  look guys , increasing the minimum wage only works if companies have extra money lying around and could pay employees more but do n't . 
  needless to say , it is n't the situation right now . 
  many companies are already having trouble to break even , so increasing the cost of labour * will * get people fired and * will * make it more difficult for the unemployed to find jobs . 
  result : those lucky to keep their jobs will have it better , while the unemployed , who would have gladly taken the lower pay over no job at all , will have it even harder . 
  in other words : greater inequality . 
  a classic example of socialists shooting themselves in the foot . 
  did you mean to say `` from before the worldwide economic crisis '' ? 
  i like how make it sound as if austerity was the reason why the recession even happened . 
   adjusting that 2.5 % gdp growth we had in 2011 to inflation results in close to 0 real growth reported gdp growth is already adjusted for inflation . 
   romania did not need the imf loan , we had 20 % debt to gdp ratio before we took that loan out , it was a political move which has further indebted the romanian population your debt ratio is irrelevant , what matters are interest rates . 
  you needed to borrow money and you could have done it either through bonds market or the imf , the latter being cheaper but coming with specific obligations . 
  if you aim to prove the imf involvement was unnecessary , you must compare the interest rates and debt serviceability . 
  i am not familiar with the situation in romania , but seeing such simple errors in economical knowledge does n't make me very confident in your assessment . 
   and this is why people in the uk distrust brussels . 
  actually , it 's more because they have little idea about what it does and how it works . 
  as as exemplified by your own comment . 
  i do n't know who he is and i do n't care , all that matters is whether he makes good points or not . 
  debate the arguments , not the person . 
  and what 's so wrong with wanting debts to be repaid , anyway ? 
  yeah , it 's that simple !, 
  there may be a little maneuver space but price is by far the most decisive factor . 
  all other considerations are supposed to be included in the specification . 
  i believe it was designed to minimize the possibility of corruption by avoiding subjective decisions . 
  i do n't think that 's it , i do n't have noscript and can still see the article . 
  perhaps there is a limit on the number of articles you can read for free , i know that what financial times does . 
  cut them off by introducing visas which are significant expanses for belarusian and ukrainian citizens . 
   not in the building standards , but they usually give a short time for realization and have really bloated beaurecratic things around the project . 
  it 's not the case here , seeing how other sections of the motorway , built by different companies , are ready on time . 
   also , whoa , i knew they bid much lower than the rest , but missed somehow that it was at half of it . 
  i guess they would be idiots for not taking an offer like that . 
  yes , they were naive . 
  although , they counted on the chinese government to act as the guarantor if the worst had come to the worst , which was n't an entirely unfounded assumption . 
  it comes down to cultural differences . 
  in poland the law says that in public procurements the cheapest bid wins , period . 
  this is because a tender specifies detailed requirements that are considered ironclad and sufficient , so that anyone who meets them is assumed capable of doing the job . 
  there is great comment under the wsj article about the differences between chinese and western world views in this respect : * `` this is most evident in the concept of `` a contract '' or `` a specification '' . 
  to westerners , a contract or spec is something solid , reliable , stable , locked-down , has absolute meaning , and can be resolved by any judge in the same way . 
  nisbett produces a case that to chinese , a contract is considered soft , a starting place for future negotiation , subject to reinterpretation if circumstances change , and should be interpreted in flexible ways based on local context , not in some global way . 
  what do you mean the requirements were unrealistic ? 
  the requirements were the european standard , it was the company 's cost estimate that was out of touch . 
  they bid at half ( ! ), 
  the price of the european competitors . 
  false . 
  not perfect , just good enough - which it is in most markets . 
  firstly , way to exaggerate the percentage . 
  yes , people are emigrating as those countries still offer better quality of life . 
  so fucking what ? 
  poland is n't a success story just because it has n't quite caught up to the very richest countries in the world , yet ? 
  did you expect us to make up for 50 years of communism , not to mention centuries of prior historical underdevelopment , in 20 years ? 
  by every conceivable measure poland has made extraordinary progress and enjoys the most successful time in its history . 
  your comment is an example of irrational pessimism that annoys me so much , especially among young people . 
  yes , it 's a shame . 
  however , you also have to consider those strict environmental obligations are much harder to meet for poland than for most other countries . 
  poland 's energy sector is extremely reliant on coal and costs of transition are going to be disproportionately big . 
  western countries have already benefited from using cheap , dirty energy in their growth . 
  meanwhile , poland , frantically catching up after 50 years lost to communism , is being denied it . 
  i am not excusing poland 's stance but i 'm saying it 's not a case of the poles not giving a shit about climate change . 
  we are in a difficult position . 
  the fun part is that when we do try to move to cleaner energy sources , we still got germany and sweden yapping because they do n't like nuclear either . 
  fortunately things are getting better now that your country has joined the christmas union . 
  looking at history ... err , yes ? 
  while there undoubtedly many illegal abortions in poland , the real abortion rate is still very low . 
  here 's an analysis at the source . 
  [ data on abortion decrease in poland ] ( http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/polandlaw.html ) :  ** after the fall of communism poland outlawed abortion in nearly all circumstances . 
  as a result , annual reported abortions have fallen from about 130,000 per year in the mid 1980s to about 160 per year in 1999-2004 ** . poland is widely criticized by abortion proponents for its current policy . 
  some have also claimed that the polish abortion law has not really impacted abortion rates . 
   has the number of polish abortions really declined , or have illegal abortions and/or abortions abroad made up the difference ? 
  ** available evidence suggests that polish abortions have significantly declined as a result of the current legislation **, 
  the things i say are based on the best understanding offered us by anthropology - a branch of science dedicated to studying these exact issues , whose findings are backed by considerable empirical evidence . 
  you choose to casually ignore the science and instead make up your own conjectures , based on your ideological beliefs of what people should be like . 
  and you are * so * sure that you are right , too . 
  so even if you turn out to be right ( either through luck or because you actually are a genius who successfully defies the scientific consensus ) , i will not look silly because i 'm taking a rational attitude . 
  social sciences and our understanding of humans have progressed significantly since the 18th century , you know ? 
  if you want to casually and deliberately disregard scientific consensus then go ahead . 
  social sciences and our understanding of humans have progressed significantly since the 18th century , you know ? 
  if you want to casually and deliberately disregard scientific consensus then go ahead , but i think it 's just ignorant . 
   i just think your identity ca n't be determined by a government . 
  oh , completely agreed . 
  i 'm saying that for a democratic political system to be effective and stable , the participants must have some common identity . 
  an artificial government that is born on only pragmatic grounds and manages a group that does n't have a common cultural identity , is bound to fail due to internal tensions in the group . 
  i * did not * mean to imply the government can or should determine that common identity .
