  by the way , let 's not use the terms `` national identity '' and `` nationalism '' interchangeably . 
  the latter carries much stronger connotations . 
   i 'm studying politica science so i can recommend some stuff to read if you think this whole deal is interesting ( i find it fascinating ) . 
  please do . 
  as long as it 's not in spanish , 
  of course , national identity ( or any sort of collective identity ) can be used to manipulate people and it can become a substitute for individual identity . 
  i 'm a classical liberal so i appreciate the traps of collectivist thinking . 
  but it does n't mean national identity is inherently creepy or that it does n't have value . 
  i think the desire for autonomy , of which independence is the strongest form , is a natural consequence of national identity . 
  people who share an identity have , by definition , a stronger psychological connection with each other than with people outside of it . 
  we are more willing to cooperate with and make sacrifices ( think e.g. 
  taxes ) for people we feel close to on some level . 
  also , from a purely practical standpoint , you are likely to have , on average , more common interests and cultural similarities with people of the same national identity . 
  nationalism ? 
  they did n't disparage other nations or claim superiority , they just manifested their own identity - loudly said `` we are catalans '' . 
  if you find it creepy , you must find national identity itself creepy , which i do n't understand at all . 
  i find it beautiful myself . 
  especially in this age of decadence and general apathy in europe . 
  be right back , calling genghis khan . 
   to everyone defending the art i do n't see anybody defending the art . 
  they are defending the artist 's right to free expression . 
  that 's a big difference . 
   too soon ? 
  no , it 's high time for an invasion . 
  it 's been 75 years , i 'm surprised we 've lasted this long , to be honest . 
  [ my personal favourite . 
  some are impressive , some are rather pathetic . 
   honorable mention : underground helsinki fascinating !, 
  i 've never heard about it . 
  i wonder how it is possible for the underground network not to be very expansive , as they say . 
  for example , a 300-meter tunnel they are digging under the vistula river here in gda\u0144sk right now is going to cost well over 200 million euros . 
  i get that digging under a river is substantially more difficult , but still ... we are talking about tens of kilometers of underground facilities . 
   but the `` liberal '' in this case does not simply say `` be careful '' , he presupposes that the idea will have a negative outcome and fails to consider that it might not . 
  maybe he considered both outcomes , maybe he jumped to the conclusion - i do n't know . 
  in either case , he said nothing that would support your accusation that he puts the idea of a free market above the needs of starving people . 
  he implied nothing about his motives and your accusation seems to be based entirely on your own preconceptions which you describe below . 
   this is the problem , as far as i see it : the cultural narrative of what you call liberalism ( i would call it by a different name , but it does n't matter ) dictates that everyone should only care about themselves and caring for others will only make them worse off . 
  this provides the perfect rationalisation to avoid any personal responsibility for making society better , as , supposedly , the best thing you can do anyway is mind your own business . 
  what you 're describing is true of radical libertarian objectivists , like ayn rand . 
  those are rare , particularly in europe . 
  most of economic liberals take after john locke , friedrich heyek and milton friedman , none of whom denied the value of altruism and social responsibility . 
  that 's the dominant school . 
   you see , if you and yaix and whoever actually brought forth compelling arguments against this , people should listen to you . 
  but saying `` well , maybe it will create problems '' ( as you implied ) is pointless and does not add anything to the discussion . 
  on the other hand , saying `` yes , it will undoubtedly create problems '' without evidence ( like yaix is doing ) is disingenuous . 
  i actually do n't have an opinion on this particular issue and i agree that yaix 's objections seem a bit thin . 
  however , i still think they add something to the discussion because it 's very easy to just instinctively conclude the policy is a good idea , without considering unintended consequences . 
  yaix 's comment provoked a lot of people to debate the possible results of the policy , so you really ca n't say it `` is pointless and does not add anything to the discussion '' . 
  as for me , i was just irked by your claims about the motives of people advocating the free market approach . 
  it 's about analyzing the * actual * outcomes of the policy based on how the economy works , as opposed to judging the policy based on its * intentions * . 
  it 's the oldest story in the world , it goes like this : * `` i came up with this awesome , well-meaning idea that 's gon na help poor people !, 
  * `` it could damage the market in a way that 's gon na end up hurting the very people it 's intended to help , we should be careful '' * responds the liberal . 
  * `` oh , so the theoretical unsubstantiated threat to the glory of the free market is more important than starving people !, 
  '' * yells the crowd . 
  funnily enough , i 'm polish and my favourite vodka is finlandia . 
   but that 's not what neoliberals aim for : they always demand maximum liberalization , no matter what the consequences . 
  really ? 
  do they openly state it ? 
  maybe they demand it because they genuinely think it provides the best results and you disagree so you misattribute their motives ? 
  in any case , it certainly is n't what any of the founding economical thinkers of neoliberalism advocated . 
  have you ever read or listened to milton friedman ? 
  my description of the objectives is taken almost verbatim from his lectures . 
   `` why ca n't everyone agree with my ideological framework and axioms ? 
  it would be so much easier to prove i 'm right . '', 
  it 's not about agreement . 
  i said `` misconceptions and fallacies '' . 
  people may disagree all they want , as long as they do n't misrepresent the axioms and do n't make logical errors in their derivations from those axioms . 
   commodities not necessary to live . 
  how is this relevant ? 
  i was explaining to the concept of cost . 
   yeah , i do n't get it . 
  i do n't get that we should n't put a resource which we need to live into the hands who 's sole entire existence is to turn profit . 
  something tells me i 'll never get the logic behind that one . 
  the objective is to find a reliable , efficient ( i.e. 
  the cheapest and offering the best quality ) way to provide water for people . 
  period . 
  you are * assuming * that a for-profit organization can not be means to achieve it . 
  this may or may not be true , but the assumption definitely is n't self-evident . 
  you are treating profit as something nefarious , as if the fact that somebody is making a profit meant they were doing it at the expanse of someone else . 
  this is a fallacy , it has even been mathematically demonstrated as a [ first welfare theorem ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fundamental_theorems_of_welfare_economics#proof_of_the_first_fundamental_theorem ) . 
   i think what he 's saying is that we ca n't actually attach a cost to water because we 're not actually producing it , we just have a monopoly on the distribution . 
  we 're not actually producing iron or gold , either , but they still have cost ... water has cost because a ) it is a scarce resource b ) the process of providing it has cost . 
  maintaining the infrastructure requires resources ( both physical ones and human labour ) therefore it has cost . 
   this in of itself is a contradiction . 
  if i have to pay for something that means that i can be actively denied access to it . 
  what happens if i do n't pay ? 
  i get no water . 
  so as a right , i do n't have a de facto right to clean water , the most necessary building block of life . 
  * somebody * has to pay the cost . 
  if we all just sit around and wait for the water to magically appear in our taps , then nobody would have any water . 
  * somebody * has to lay the pipes and maintain them . 
  that somebody has to acquire necessary supplies and be compensated for their labour . 
  so people , the consumers , can a ) pay to that somebody individually b ) raise money together and pay collectively ( i.e. 
  taxes ) c ) make that somebody work for free as a slave . 
   everyone needs water , it 's one of those things that should never be monetized for profit . 
  you just do n't get it ... 
   this is a classic capitalist fallacy . 
  the underlying logic is that everything can be measured in some from of cost ( ... ) there is no comparison between artifical human structures such as supply/demand and natural cause/effect . 
  sorry , i do n't follow . 
  do you mind elaborating ?
