  you basically imply the answer is obvious and half of the world 's economists are just clueless . 
   if you think austerity is necessary you just subscribe to some dumbed down notion of country 's economy as household economy which does n't actually make any sense in the real world . 
  right , it is that simple . 
  all those economists and research institutions advocating austerity have no understanding whatsoever of macroeconomics . 
  sorry , if you think you can reduce a great worldwide intellectual debate to one of the sides and making no sense at all , then it is your own outlook that 's dumbed down . 
   the down vote was for the `` valid argument '' there is no validity in 200 years of generalized eternal debt that 's a matter of opinion and is n't ground for downvoting . 
  ok , it 's weekend , i think i can go on a little longer here . 
  of course it 's not a language issue , i was just being sarcastic about your pompous phrasing and lack of substance and coherence . 
  so , let 's examine your post for an actual point . 
   is it ok to condemn as unfair the difference in the hours worked in one country but to allow the absence of the fundamental protection against exploitation of the minimum wage ? 
  a loaded question . 
  no , i do n't think it is ok to condemn as unfair differences in working hours , either . 
  and even if i did , it would be irrelevant because standard working hours are not analogous to minimum wage , they are different issues . 
  there might be a point there but it 's fallacious . 
   i mean , it 's all down to the deal struck between the boss and the worker - right ? 
   sure you can argue the toss about the economic theory of minimum wage just like you can about hours worked . 
  some empty rhetoric with no substance . 
   but what does seem to be a genuine truth is that hypocrisy is unfortunate . 
  not least because condemning ones own sins when perceived in others gets in the way of breaking out of and breaking free from destructive behaviour patterns , like a lack of mental agility . 
  just a convoluted way to say i am narrow minded . 
  and that 's it . 
  or you could be upfront and clear about what you mean , instead of making vague allusions , especially when talking to somebody whose mother tongue is n't english . 
  just a thought . 
  great job !, 
  i would also like to see the balls adjusted for purchase power parity , if only to see poland a little higher up - it would overtake sweden and holland . 
  poland can into growth . 
  there may well be some substantial point lurking behind your increasingly ornate turn of phrase but i ca n't discern it . 
  in any case , i think i made my point sufficiently clear and i 'm going to leave it at that . 
   a level playing field is a level playing field and lets not dismiss the least well payed 2.5 % of the british workforce just because they are a mere 2.5 % . 
  my point is that , for the reasons i stated , we are actually talking about separate playing fields . 
  because such a small percentage of workers is affected and the kinds of jobs they do must be performed at a particular location , the rules in one country have practically no effect conditions in others . 
  the rhetoric of solidarity vs unfair competition has no basis in reality . 
   i for one would like to think each one of them is a valuable human being worthy of respect and consideration and fair pay for fair work . 
  great , i think that 's everybody 's goal . 
  you seem to be unable to wrap your head around the fact that legal minimum wage , despite its well-meaning intentions , may not necessarily be the way to achieve it . 
  that it may actually be counter-productive . 
  but even though the evidence is inconclusive , you imply anybody who does n't support it is unenlightened and unreasonable . 
  that 's what i 'm referring to as leftist self-righteousness . 
  you are grossly overestimating the effects of minimum wage on the labour market . 
  for instance , 97,5 % of workers earn more than the minimum wage in the uk and are therefore completely unaffected by it . 
  moreover , the kinds of low-skill jobs that do pay the minimum wage usually ca n't be outsourced to another country . 
  there is just no way lack of minimum wage can have any significant influence on other countries . 
  secondly , the effects of enforcing a minimum wage are still subject to debate and many economists oppose it , believing it does more harm than good to the poor . 
  saying countries with minimum wage are `` reasonable '' and `` socially enlightened '' is a pinnacle of bullshit leftist self-righteousness . 
  there is nothing unethical or unreasonable about a nation deciding against enforcing a minimum wage , you need to pull your head out of your arse . 
  that 's over 9000 !, 
  it seems like the wealth and well-being of workers ( i.e. 
  most people ) has nevertheless increased quite a lot since - more than at any other time in the history of human civilization , in fact . 
  for a more immediate example , as a direct result of the chinese workers `` taking almost nothing of the profits '' , their wages have grown 5 times over the last 17 years . 
  as opposed to the same workers dying of starvation a few decades ago when all the profits were shared fairly among them . 
  forgive my rant if your comment was meant to be tongue-in-cheek , but there are lots of people who really think like that and it makes my blood boil . 
  according to the president of the european parliament , martin schulz , the idea is to allow mps to vote without pressure from their countries ' governments . 
  there probably is , both corruption and gender inequality get smaller the more developed a country is . 
  such correlation would n't say much about whether there 's any direct causation between the two , by itself . 
  it 's not just the christian definition , it 's what marriage always was in the western culture and civilization . 
  even in times and places where homosexuality was widely accepted , such as ancient greece and rome , marriage was understood to be between a man and a woman . 
  it is clear we are redefining the term as it 's been used by people until now . 
  it does n't mean it is wrong to do it , but i do n't see how you can deny this simple fact . 
  ok , first of all , it was n't just imf . 
  the plan was designed and approved by european countries * through * the imf and the eu . 
  secondly , i think this makes no sense . 
  the default situation is you have to cope with your problems on your own . 
  but somebody comes in and offers to help you by lending you a lot of money at a preferential interest rate . 
  since they risk losing the money if you do n't succeed , they will only lend it providing that you take the course they consider best . 
  you are free to either take their offer or deal with your problems by yourself , as you would otherwise . 
  this , according to you , is blackmail ? 
  as opposed to what , giving away billions of euros no questions asked , without supervision or preconditions ? 
  is that what you 'd like as a taxpayer ? 
  it 's your money too , you know . 
  look , if you think the conditions were wrong and the plan was wrong then argue that . 
  but calling them blackmail is inane . 
  it 's a different article and not from washington post itself but a blog . 
  but yes , i had read it , i alluded to it in my other post . 
  also , i have nothing against guardian , i just dislike inaccurate reporting . 
  first of all , i 'm not taking any side here . 
  i 'm just annoyed by people distorting stuff and hearing what they want to hear . 
   we know the policy was a net harm ever since the imf admitted that they messed up with the multipliers and apparently greece has pretty high one around 1.7 , maybe more . 
  it was n't an official statement , it was a study published by a researcher . 
  imf publishes a lot of studies , you know , often conflicting ones . 
  although this particular study was carried out by one of the imf 's chief economists and carries a lot of weight , it does n't represent the fund 's position . 
  finally , even if the multipliers were messed up , it just means the policy was flawed , not necessarily that it resulted in a net harm . 
  on what grounds ? 
  everything greece does is voluntary . 
  if they want access to imf 's financial support , they have to co-operate and meet certain conditions . 
  if not , they are welcome to cope on their own . 
  can anyone enlighten me as to which part of this can be construed as `` austerity is harming greece '' ? 
   we will have to slow down a little as far as fiscal adjustment is concerned and move faster -- much faster -- with the reforms needed to modernise the economy . 
  while greece certainly will have to continue to reduce its fiscal deficits , we want to ensure -- considering that social tolerance and political support have their limitations -- that we strike the right balance between fiscal consolidation and reforms . 
  as such , the imf had cautioned against `` an excessive pace '' of fiscal reduction . 
  saying the policy is reaching its limits is hardly the same as saying it has been a net harm . 
  it was known from the start austerity would take its toll on people . 
  but i am not surprised guardian would spin it like this as a lot of people clearly relish the thought of imf 's mea culpa . 
  a few years before but not long enough to remember communism , if that 's what you have in mind . 
  already have , that 's why i 'm a neoliberal , 
  all right , thanks again . 
  i 'll make sure to add to my ever-expanding queue :(, 
   japan , south korea and singapore all differ in the way they implemented a developmental state , but they all violate the neoliberal dogmas so significantly that they completely destroy the `` free market is always best '' argument ( which i thought you were championing ) well , i do consider myself neoliberal , but i am not dogmatic about it . 
  perhaps i should have been more clear . 
  i was talking about free market in the most basic sense , as opposed to truly centrally planned economies , e.g. 
  i am familiar with cases of japan and bismarck 's germany , which are two commonly cited examples of supposed success of state planning .
