  this enables poorer families to sent their kids to private schools if they so choose . 
  in the old system the only ones with that choice were the wealthy families who can pay additional tuition , whereas the poorer ones were limited to public schools . 
  how is this supposed to be more egalitarian ? 
   an another important benefit is that the people in power have an interest in ensuring adequate funding for all schools , since it 's more difficult for them to pick and choose the school their own kids will go to . 
  again , i do n't get this . 
  what 's wrong with tying school 's funding to to whether it can attract students ? 
  are you really saying that when there 's a bad school which nobody would willingly choose , it 's good to basically force kids to attend it so that it does n't get closed ? 
  i find this hard to believe but i do n't see how else to interpret the above . 
  in general , i see no moral or pragmatic reason to take away people 's choice regarding education of their children . 
  the arguments against it seem just so contrived , backwards and downright patronizing . 
  the correct analogy would be that water is paid by taxes and public companies are responsible for providing it . 
  the quality may be shitty or great , it does n't matter . 
  the point that if someone offers cleaner water , the government wo n't cover it because it only funds its own companies . 
  therefore , the only ones to have this cleaner water are rich people who can afford to pay for it separately themselves ( paying double , of course , because they still pay the taxes ) . 
  the idea that allowing competition would reduce access is a total fallacy . 
  i do n't think you understand me . 
  i 'm not proposing to get rid of public schools , i 'm saying people should have a * choice * . 
  instead of funding schools , the state should be funding students ( in the form of vouchers , for instance ) who then can take their tuition to the school they consider best , regardless who runs it . 
  right now the only people who do have a choice are the rich , because the private schools are only available to those who can afford additional tuition . 
  the rest of us are limited to public schools . 
  how is that inclusive ? 
  i 'm afraid you have the completely backwards . 
   i disagree vehemently - education is not and should not be treated as a commodity , but as a public service . 
  we do have one of the best primary and secondary education systems worldwide and we should focus on fixing its shortcomings , rather than revolicionizing it in a name of `` efficency '' . 
  whatever that 's supposed to be in this context . 
  i 've just never , ever understood this sort of reasoning . 
  i should be able to choose the best education for my children , whoever provides it . 
  why ca n't private institutions compete for it ? 
  if a private school provides a better service than a public one , what moral or pragmatic grounds do you have to * forbid * me from choosing it ( unless of course i pay the tuition from my own pocket ) ? 
  what you 're effectively advocating is a situation where wealthy people have a wider choice of schools because they can afford tuition if the best option happens to be a private one , whereas the rest is restricted to public schools . 
  even if you can provide better service for the same price ... people are n't allowed to use it unless they pay for it separately . 
  and this is supposed to somehow * help * the poor and fight inequality !, 
  `` education is not a commodity '' - this statement represents the kind of kind of irrational free-market-phobia that hurts people . 
  but it 's a good start . 
  what measure are you using when you say poland was doing better than ukraine ? 
   many people are working on the minimum wage in usa , uk , poland and now in germany define `` many '' . 
  it is about 2 % in the us and about 5 % in poland . 
  i agree with cossak 's point : if you want to compare wages in different countries then you should * compare the actual wages directly * instead of using the legal lower limit as a proxy . 
  really ? 
  he 's being called a `` fat cat that wants to fuck everyone else '' . 
  not my idea of a civil discussion or a respectful disagreement . 
  he 's taking it personally and i ca n't blame him . 
  he wants to pass his hard-earned money on to his children and for that he gets called a `` fat cat '' and it 's suggested he somehow tries to `` fuck everyone else '' . 
  funny that nobody called out that complete lack of respect and sensitivity as immature . 
   uhm . . yeah . 
  no argument there . 
  do n't know where that came from . 
  you said `` math does n't have nationality '' , implying the proposed solution was somehow purely mathematical . 
  if that was the case , it would have been a mathematical solution to a problem involving moral judgements . 
   that would be a discussion which involves morality . 
  i disagree , how to measure the burden each country * deserves * is already a moral problem . 
  moreover , the question if there should be any quotas at all is also moral . 
   now , i still do n't know how any of this makes that formula german , the factors it includes are non-exhaustive and their relative weights are subjective . 
  therefore , the formula reflects the bias of its designers , namely the germans . 
  it 's all a little academical . 
  to be honest , i do n't think it matters all that much who designed the formula , i was mainly irked by your apparent implication that it is somehow objective . 
   how refugees are a german problem . 
  this part i did n't agree with . 
  first of all , the proposed formula gives 2/3 weight to gdp and 1/3 to population . 
  why those exact numbers ? 
  why not , say , 3/4 and 1/4 ? 
  there are many other potential factors that impact the ability to absorb immigrants , why limit ourselves to these two ? 
  if we could objectively , mathematically measure morality then the world would be a lot simpler . 
  but we ca n't . 
   math does n't have nationality . 
  but value judgements that the math reflects certainly has . 
  i do n't see the irony . 
  firstly , the fact he dislikes the current establishment does n't necessarily have any bearing on what he thinks is the best voting system in principle . 
  the voting system should n't be used as a tool in achieve immediate political goals . 
  secondly , there are other factors in choosing a voting systems , other than whether it cements the status quo or not . 
  it 's perfectly possible he thinks advantages of single-winner systems outweigh that particular disadvantage . 
  thirdly , do n't confuse fptp with single-winner systems in general . 
  there are many single-winner systems and most people in this thread criticize fptp specifically . 
   the core points of conservative politics appeared to be : privatise everything , let the poor pay for the rich . 
  you think that 's an objective characterization ? 
  jesus , this is what happens when people rely on / r/europe or other circlejerk bubbles to get their news . 
   what amazes me more are the swarms of people staunchly defending it . 
  really , i wonder how brainwashed you must be to defend something like this . 
  you are being hyperbolic . 
  all voting systems are imperfect and can produce flawed results depending on the particular situation as well as the philosophy of what the system is supposed to achieve in the first place . 
  we can debate their merits all day long and you may think fptp is bad , but it is clearly a legitimate system with concrete advantages and saying you have to be `` brainwashed '' to defend it is ridiculous . 
  i know he does but there 's still somewhat of a contradiction . 
  he wants london to decentralize powers by devolving them to scotland * and * to centralize them by delegating them to brussels . 
   more europe , more decentralistion is n't this contradictory ? 
  delegating power to the eu is centralization , with all its inherent threats and downsides . 
  it makes me cautious about things like common fiscal policy which most of / r/europe seems blindly enthusiastic about . 
   seriously , if they built shelters for battered men , talked about adverse effects of male gender roles ( like engaging in risky behavior ) and advocated strongly for queer men and men from minority backgrounds , i 'd respect them . 
  they do all of that . 
  this statement makes me suspect you 've never researched the actual men 's rights organizations . 
   they are n't actual activists . 
  hell , their biggest base is reddit , which should tell you something about how serious they are . 
  well , this just reaffirms my suspicion that you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you 've never explored mra beyond reddit and therefore have concluded agitation on reddit is what the movement is about . 
  solid logic . 
  just to correct a misconception , shock therapy was largely successful and resulted in an economic boom in the 90s . 
  of course , there were some parts of society that got the short end of the stick , but it was unavoidable given that the economy needed to be completely restructured . 
  in fact , comparative analysis has shown that the eastern european countries that carried out more gradual reforms and subsidized inefficient sectors of the economy turned out worse than the ones who got the painful stuff out of the way quickly . 
  in the long run , delaying the inevitable caused more hardship than it saved . 
  i do n't know much about this particular issue , i was talking generally . 
  however , that question should be easy to answer by looking at the us , where sales tax varies a lot between states .
