  lastly , it also true that imaginary differences are often used by people as an excuse for what is in fact sexist prejudice . 
  i know all this . 
  however , i think some people have jumped to the opposite extreme . 
  one may be of the opinion that the observed gender disparities are completely cultural , but the current body of scientific evidence is far from making that certain . 
  therefore , to treat this as a fact and to call any suggestion of significant contributing biological factors sexist , is dogmatic . 
  you 're replacing one kind of narrow-mindedness with another . 
   because either there 's a cultural component that affects hiring and remuneration ( hence , discrimination ) how about a cultural component affecting voluntary choices ? 
  gender equality only means people should be able to pursue whatever path they want without facing prejudice . 
  it does n't mean people of different genders necessarily have to make the same choices . 
  therefore , the lack of a 50-50 split by itself is n't enough to conclude there 's discrimination . 
  edit : oh , and for the other part :  or you believe that women are naturally not as good as men ( hence , sexism ) do you dogmatically reject any possibly of there being differences in biological predispositions between sexes , or are you saying a notion can be sexist even if it is true ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the issue but that 's what the bbc commentator says :  impeachment is a big word for what even the most objective observers of czech politics will admit was a political attack on the country 's most controversial figure - the conservative , fiercely eurosceptic vaclav klaus . 
   it would n't be compulsory ( right now you are free to not have any private health insurance ) and it would n't cover non-paying consumers . 
  so if you could not afford it , a simple operation , even life-saving , would put you under debts . 
  ok , so that 's a lot more radical than i expected , i 'm very surprised a mainstream french party dared to suggest something like this , it seems suicidal . 
  i actually find it hard to believe there was no safety net proposed , are you sure about that ? 
   i want to live in a country where people know how to count , read , have a basic grasp of history and economy before they are allowed to vote . 
  i am willing to pay for that , as is the majority of the population . 
  i am willing to do so even though i do n't have kids and would probably homeschool them if i had rather than putting them into the education system . 
  of course !, 
  i agree with most of what you said about society , you really need n't have made the effort to type all that . 
  i 'm afraid you are still misunderstanding my point . 
  primary education * should be * guaranteed and paid for by taxes - by everyone . 
  however , parents should be able to send their kids to private schools with no extra charge . 
  there is a certain amount of money devoted for each pupil and these existing funds should be allowed to be used for any school , regardless of who runs it . 
  in other words , the money follows the pupils wherever they go , just like the dutch voucher system i described above . 
   public healthcare , like private healthcare , has rules about what you need to do in order to get reimbursed . 
  private healtcares to complement the public healthcare are common . 
  what the right tried to do , is not to replace public healthcare with a voucher system , but to remove altogether public healthcare and let people choose their own private healthcare that they pay for monthly . 
  thanks , this finally clears it up for me . 
  ok , so instead of paying a monthly social insurance tax , you pick your own insurance and pay for it . 
  this means healthcare indeed would n't be * public * any more . 
  the question is , would it be * universal * ? 
  was the insurance supposed to be compulsory ? 
  what would happen if you could n't afford it ? 
   with education , you usually either put your children to a public school or to a private school , but you still have the choice in france , and this is a good thing . 
  however public school is free , private school is paid for . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  you pay for education in taxes but if you want to send your kid to a private school , you ca n't use that money and have to pay separately . 
  that 's not right . 
   the ump tried to make public school less functional and less funded . 
  you make it sound as if they were going to just cripple the public schools and give nothing instead . 
  what was their rationale ? 
  what were they going to do with the money it saved ? 
  please explain it in a little more detail . 
   what are you talking about removing the freedom of choice when funding healthcare and public school ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  you paid for education in taxes but it only covers public institutions . 
  if you want to choose a private school , you have to pay double for it . 
  that 's not a fair choice for people and it 's not a level ground for private enterprises to compete . 
  why ca n't your tax money be used to pay for any school you choose , both public and private , like in the netherlands ? 
  do you please have an english source outlining the reform plans you are talking about ? 
  i still suspect think you are still confusing things . 
  as i said , healthcare being provided by the private sector does n't mean it is n't guaranteed . 
  here in poland , i have public health insurance but when i go to a doctor i often do n't even know who owns the place . 
  sometimes it 's public , other times semi-public or private - whoever offered the best service and was awarded a contract from the nfz , i.e. 
  the national health insurance . 
  i do n't care who runs it , all that matters is i have insurance . 
  same with education : schools being privately-run does not contradict public education . 
  that 's the system in denmark , the netherlands , and sweden . 
  do you know that in the netherlands most children attend independent , private schools ? 
  that 's because the funding does n't go to schools themselves but follows each pupil directly . 
  parents receive a voucher and can send their child to whichever school they like , regardless if it 's public or private . 
  most parents choose private institutions . 
  what 's wrong with people having this freedom of choice ? 
  how do you justify taking is away ? 
  not only is there no reason for it , it is * immoral * . 
  i think it is amazing how the left wing tries to spin this issue . 
  they 've somehow managed to paint restricting people 's choice to a government monopoly as good and caring , while allowing people to choose is portrayed dangerous and greedy . 
  in countries that have dismantled the government monopoly on health and education services nobody , not even hard left , talks about going back . 
  once people saw that allowing private sector to compete does n't mean the service is n't guaranteed , it became obvious that the left-wing rhetoric does n't make any sense . 
  when people become free to choose , restricting this freedom just seems stupid . 
  really , parents were supposed to pay directly out of their own pocket to send their 6-year-olds to school ? 
  are we talking about the mainstream right-wing , the sarkozy 's party ? 
   socialism is when the state is a big economic agent and provides a broad range of services . 
  that 's social democracy . 
  calling it socialism is a misnomer . 
   i do n't see the difference between your definition and communism . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  communism goes further than socialism . 
  in communism there is almost no private property , everything belongs to the state and the people are the state . 
  in practice , it has never existed . 
  the so-called communist countries of eastern europe were really socialist . 
  the reason the were called communist is that originally socialism was supposed to be only a stopgap , a transitional period between capitalism and the eventual communist utopia . 
  this was the goal way back during the russian socialist revolution . 
  of course , the socialist government socialism soon deteriorated into a totalitarian regime which was n't going to give up its power , so the next step never happened . 
  and so it has been in ever socialist/communist country since then . 
   several european democracies have successfully implemented it . 
  no european country is socialist in the proper sense of the word , i 'm always baffled by the french left wing calling themselves that . 
  all modern european countries , with the exception of belarus , are predominantly capitalist , i.e. 
  their economies consist mostly of private enterprises . 
  socialism is means of production being controlled by the government : every factory , every shop , and every service . 
  socialism is when people ca n't open their own companies , when a hairdresser ca n't have their own salon and must only work for one run by the government . 
  i do n't think anybody believes in that any more . 
   hmmm , i ca n't comment for other countries , but the right-wing party in france has been pushing for private healthcare systems and for more private education . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  unless they are pushing for basic health insurance not being guaranteed or for scraping public education - neither of which seems likely - it 's not relevant to the question at hand . 
  the fact that healthcare is guaranteed does n't mean hospitals must be run by the state . 
  the fact that education is guaranteed does n't mean you ca n't go a private school . 
  i 'm saying it is ridiculous to say , as you just did , that if someone thinks austerity is necessary then they do n't understand macroeconomics .
