  apparently most users want to just lash out and vent their sentiments , and they upvote based on that - valuable and insightful discussion be damned . 
  this is correct . 
  however , since this option encompasses a couple of fundamentally different positions , splitting it up would have made the survey more accurate and informative . 
   giving away the counter power of press to capital was a rather funny idea all things considered , especially seeing as i get better news from redditors . 
  i agree , it 's strange to allow people to exercise free speech by publishing private newspapers . 
  remember when press was in control of the government ? 
  mistakes like this never happened . 
  journalism was much more objective , too !, 
   now the value to my bushiness of bob 's labour is # 50 an hour , since in one hour he has turned # 50 of raw materials into # 100 worth of widgets . 
  herein lies the fallacy . 
  bob 's labour 's economic value is n't # 50 . 
  if neither i nor anybody else would pay for it this much , then it 's not worth this much . 
  * economic * value is determined by the market , that 's the definition . 
  there are other types of value and they are useful too , but do n't confuse them with economic value . 
   nope , they probably deserve more and they do have much more than that . 
  but this has nothing to do with anything being discussed . 
  it has everything to do with your statement that you `` doubt that anyone who earns 10 million a year has really earned it '' . 
  admittedly , page and brin are owners and did n't earn their wealth through salary , but you can just a well imagine they were hired as ceos of an small , existing company and led them along the same path . 
   yes it is . 
  see my other comment or just try to get an understanding of basic economics . 
  funny , i was tempted to say the same thing you but did n't want to go ad personam . 
  good luck finding any modern economist who would agree with your statement that the only way for businesses to make profit is not to pay workers the true value of their labour . 
   i doubt that anyone who earns 10 million a year has really earned it . 
  really ? 
  i could think of many examples . 
  take larry page and sergey brin , google 's founders . 
  do n't you think their innovation and ideas have been worth more than 10 million dollars ? 
  think of the value their company has provided to the customers , the employees , and the society as a whole . 
  of course , they could n't have done it without the labour of their workers , but it 's thanks to page and brin the company exists in the first place . 
  with google current market capitalization of $ 222 bln , you 're saying they do n't deserve even 0,0045 % of it . 
  do you think google owes its success to people who have started it in less than 0,0045 % ? 
  so you are wrong even if we vaguely define `` worth '' as what a person deserves according to an arbitrary judgement of social justice . 
  but this definition is useless anyway , see below . 
   labour of thousands of workers who are not paid the true value of their labour ( they would have to be paid less , otherwise the business would not make a profit ) . 
  this is completely untrue . 
   no person has ever made millions on their own , they have benefited from other peoples work and from society as a whole . 
  of course , which is why taxes are paid and employees are compensated for their labour . 
  however , their labour should be valued according to the worth of their contribution . 
  but how do you decide what labour , or anything else for that matter , is worth ? 
  there are two basic ways to determine this . 
  the first is for someone , typically the government , to decide how much each thing is worth based on an arbitrary set of principles . 
  it has been tried and we have learned the hard way that it does n't work , to put it mildly . 
  the second way is to have a free market , in which how much something is worth is defined simply by how much people are willing to pay for it by their own free choice . 
  and it turns out what people are willing to pay for other people 's labour greatly varies . 
  virtually all economists agree today this is the system which works best , providing most wealth and well-being . 
  let 's say i 'm a business owner . 
  why do i pay the ceo 10 times more than a junior employee , as opposed to paying everybody the same , or maybe paying the ceo only 2 times more if that 's the number you 've somehow calculated to be `` morally right '' ? 
  it sure is n't because i like they guy , in fact i probably think he 's an asshole like most ceos . 
  i do it because that 's the market prize of his labour - the prize collectively decided by individual decisions of all the employers in the market . 
  it turns out it is * worth it * to pay a lot to a ceo , because his labour is making important , difficult decisions and a good ceo can make a big difference . 
  * that 's what worth is - the gain you acquire from something . 
  still , if you make say 10 million , you have to give up over 70 % of it . 
  about fukishima ... a nuclear power plant was hit by one of the strongest earthquakes in recorded history , followed by a 15-meter tsunami , followed by a fire . 
  the rescue operation was delayed , slow and poorly managed . 
  results ? 
  prolonged displacement of 100,000 people , possible 0.1 % increase of incidence of cancer in the future , * zero deaths or even illnesses directly caused by nuclear meltdown * - the evacuation actually cost more casualties than it prevented . 
  oh , and this is with a 40-year-old reactor design , modern reactors being a lot safer . 
  and all of this is supposed to be an argument * against * nuclear power ? 
  because to me , when you look at it coldly , it seems the best advertisement of its relative safety to date . 
  a nuclear power plant was put to the hardest test you could possible imagine , everything that could go wrong , did go wrong - and these are the results . 
  so even if the costs we 'd have to pay for the benefits of nuclear power are that a disaster like this would occur once every 50 years , then i say it 's worth it . 
   yes , anti abortion is the direct opposite of womens right , at least according to statistic and the who . 
  that you do not want to see it that way , does n't mean that it is n't . 
  well , i guess i tend to analyse things from a more philosophical perspective . 
  that 's why for me there is a key difference between saying that `` being against the right to abortion is ( inherently ) anti-women '' and '' * most people * who are against the right to abortion are anti-women '' . 
  cheers for a respectful discussion , it 's been a pleasure , 
   please humour me by explaining that women are not primarily affected by anti abortion laws ? 
  i never said they are n't . 
   please explain to me how a fetus all of a sudden is not a homo sapiens , which i most certainly agree to that it is ( but i draw the line at persons , and i do not see fetuses that ca n't survive outside of a womb as persons , but the cells are homo sapiens ) . 
  they are homo sapiens but that 's a biological category . 
  moral status is a different , though related , issue . 
   either it is life , or it is not . 
  i do n't think anyone would deny it is a life . 
  the question is : what kind of life ? 
  clearly , not all kinds of life have the same rights . 
   yes , you are , and i will begin with giving you an example . 
  if i choose to be pro death penalty ( a ) , it does mean that i am not against the death penalty ( b ) . 
  these are direct opposites , one is simple a negation of the other - this is not the kind of alternative we 're talking about . 
  in our case we have ( a ) woman 's right to make decisions about her body and ( b ) fetus 's right to live . 
  they are not opposites , you can support them both in general . 
  but they happen , tragically , to be mutually exclusive in the particular situation and you have to make a choice . 
  and even though you very much value a , you value b even more , so you choose b. 
  depending on your opinion on the moral status of fetus , your choice may go the other way . 
   who have called for legal abortions everywhere , since they see the consequences of the illegal ones , and considers it a womans issue . 
  i 'd like you to explain to me why who are wrong , and it is not that ? 
  again , i 've never said it 's not a women 's issue . 
  the problem is , it 's also a fetus 's issue . 
  it 's late and i honestly do n't have the energy to carry on , so i 'm gon na stop playing devil 's advocate . 
  if you 'd like to know my personal opinion , here it is . 
  i believe fetus is not a human being , but it still has significant worth and possesses some rights . 
  it is more than a `` tumour '' or a `` parasite '' . 
  when a pregnancy is unwanted , you have to balance fetus 's rights with woman 's rights . 
  there are all sort of situations and it 's impossible for the law to account for every case - the law has to be clear and simple , whereas morality is very complex , not to mention subjective . 
  therefore , the law will always be an imperfect approximation of morality , a compromise . 
  so let 's separate the two issues : what the morality is and what the law should be . 
  i think the law should allow women to choose , both because it results in a better approximation of morality in most cases and for pragmatic reasons , i.e. 
  illegal abortions taking place anyway , resulting in death of * both * the fetus and the woman . 
  however , it does n't mean i personally condone abortion in every case , just because the woman chooses it . 
  let me give you some examples . 
  1 ) if woman 's health or life is endangered , or if she was raped , or if the child has a genetic disease - i completely support an abortion .
