  they much rather pretend to themselves to maintain a moral high ground . 
  talk is cheap , so they can claim how we should be all about helping others , while conveniently blaming the government for `` cynically '' acting on the country 's own interests . 
   too many bloody , devastating , inhumane conflicts are being completely ignored for that to have any kind of meaning at all . 
  on syria 's scale ? 
  i ca n't think of any others at the moment . 
  but whenever they happen , they are usually met with a response from the west . 
  what kind and how strong - well , that depends on a hundred different factors . 
  i 'm not talking about the original issue anymore , just making semi-related note . 
  whatever . 
  just a note : you should n't use terms such as natural monopoly , then . 
  that concept relies on tenets of mainstream economic science . 
  if you do n't believe in the free market to begin with , then you really are outside of the realm of modern economics and it does n't make sense for you to use its concepts and terminology . 
  the barriers of entry are n't that high , actually . 
  even a single doctor can start a successful practice and they often do . 
  small clinics are everywhere . 
  even building a hospital is n't prohibitively expansive for a larger investor . 
  the demand may be inelastic but it is extremely easy to switch service providers . 
  again , i see little reason why healthcare market could n't generate a good amount of competition , it has none of the markers of a natural monopoly . 
   in fact most modern industries are monopolies or oligopolies ( e.g. 
  think cars , microprocessors , ebooks , electricity ) so what , everything is a natural monopoly now ? 
  what you say is just plain false . 
  even two of the four examples you gave do n't check out . 
   healthcare just happens to be the last one that is still heavily regulated or under government control , partly due to the fact that people would die if this is n't the case . 
  yeah , just like they starve because food is n't under government control , or they are homeless because the state does n't provide housing , or ... 
  if you do n't trust the free market in general , then please just say and spare both our keyboards . 
  because if you do n't accept the basic tenets of modern economics then i 'm afraid we are far too distant to have a fruitful discussion . 
  oh , i know the definition . 
  i just assumed you meant something else , because that definition does n't apply to healthcare at all . 
  i see little reason why healthcare would be a natural monopoly . 
  huh ? 
  you are probably referring to the fact that healthcare is a basic need and has inelastic demand , but that 's not what monopoly means . 
  there can be many different healthcare providers , be it hospitals , insurers , equipment manufacturers etc. 
  one is a slightly different phrasing than you would personally prefer , the other is a typically cautious statement that is characteristic of news agency reports . 
  you really are reaching . 
  neither is even relevant to the essence of the incident and would n't - or at least should n't - change how to feel about people getting assaulted . 
  it seems like you are trying to detract from the incident . 
   i do not see that much difference between wearing a burka or a ss uniform ridiculous . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  a burka is ugly , whereas ss uniforms were designed by hugo boss and look pretty damn sharp . 
  as they say , [ nazis may have been evil but at least they dressed well ] ( https://www.facebook.com/modanablitzkrieg ) . 
  quite the contrary , i think the state has no business telling people what they can or can not wear . 
  it is silly . 
  the problem is the oppressive cultural and/or religious beliefs that burka signifies , which you are n't going to change by banning a type of clothing . 
  of course , it is a different matter to regulate it in certain situations for practical reasons . 
  the judge was absolutely right . 
  i would say that 's very quick , considering it took the developed countries a couple hundred years to go through the equivalent development stages . 
  i did mean indonesia , i named it specifically because it is the fourth most populous country . 
  its development might not have been as steady as china 's or india 's - it go through a major recession in the late nineties - but it 's been growing at about 6 % in the recent years , despite the worldwide crisis . 
  also , that 's not nitpicking , no worries . 
  imf is probably the most influential economic institution in the world . 
  even if they committed the sort of a monumental fuck-up you 're suggesting ( which they did n't , to my knowledge ) , they would still have plenty credibility left . 
  this whole exchange makes me smile , it 's all too rare to see mathematical thinking applied in everyday discussions !, 
  they * are * catching up . 
  india , china , indonesia , brazil are all shrinking the gap at a steady pace . 
  that 's three billion people , or half of the world population , just between these four countries . 
  in fact , the previous decade was the first one since the industrial revolution to see a reduction in international inequality . 
   the whole point here is that you said `` greek bonds were a safe investment '' . 
  they were n't from a profit perspective . 
  they were relatively safe ( not the safest , but not reckless either ) * given the information available at the time * . 
  you prompted me to explain in depth why i think there is a fundamental distinction between banks ' investments in greek bonds and their engagement in new , complex instruments . 
  i presented two points , the first of which was purely pragmatic and it 's a shame you did n't comment on it much . 
  the second point was a predominantly moral one , true , but i raised it only because the entire concept of `` recklessness '' is moral in nature . 
  no , i do n't believe investment decisions should be made based on moral grounds . 
  while it may seem good and benevolent on the outset , it soon turns out to be counterproductive because it is inefficient and therefore damaging to the economy . 
  my point is more subtle . 
  capitalism evolves around the idea that people acting in their rational self-interest benefits the society as a whole in the long run . 
  altruism is desirable in individual cases but any system that * relies * on altruism to work is doomed to failure . 
  at its best , capitalism harnesses people 's natural tendency to act on self-interest and makes it benefit society as a whole . 
  damn . 
  yeah , i know , i just thought i 'd get away without going deeper  i can see at least two things that make it different . 
  first , the mathematical models making those instruments possible were fresh and unproven compared to our understanding of bond markets . 
  therefore , even if we say the models were supposed to completely take away the excessive risk from investment decisions ( which , by the way , i do n't think they were ) , there remains the risk associated with the correctness of the models . 
  and that 's also banks responsibility . 
  secondly , and this is a big topic in itself , there is the question of the value an instrument brings to the economy . 
  this both pragmatic and moral issue . 
  government bonds are a basic , necessary tool for functioning of the economy . 
  having people invest in them is productive beyond their own profit . 
  the value of those esoteric , complex instruments is less clear ( which is n't to say there is none ) . 
  recklessness does n't depend on something being traditional or even on the final outcome , but on due diligence in risk assessment . 
  if you lose when the risk was low and well-understood , then you were n't reckless - you were unlucky . 
  conversely , you may make a risky bet , get lucky and win , but still be reckless . 
  the types of mbs instruments that led to the crash are very highly leveraged which makes them inherently risky . 
   by the same logic , those crazy financial instruments they invented in the 00s were also considered a safe investment at the time . 
  i did n't see anyone give the bankers any slack for investing in them . 
  it 's hardly the same . 
  you are comparing new , complex , not yet fully understood instruments to one of the oldest , conceptually simplest , and historically safest types of investment . 
  it was n't a systemic failure due to irresponsible practices , it was a failure of one particular investment that few people could have predicted would go south , in part because greece * lied * about its finances . 
  it was a `` natural '' mistake that is bound to happen occasionally . 
  lending money to greece was n't reckless a few years ago . 
  we are talking about a developed country belonging to the eurozone , their bonds were considered a relatively safe investment . 
   its very simple to understand . 
  they are taking the money from the taxes of the eu citizens using the excuse of solidarity and other rethoric , and then it goes back to eu banks . 
  and then ? 
  funny how people never seem to go past this step , as if all the money that banks handle is their own . 
  sure , they take their cut but the money belongs to banks ' customers - ordinary people 's savings and investments . 
   it is a loan , nothing less , nothing more . 
  a very risky loan handed over on extremely favourable terms . 
   and a usury level loan at best with extremely high interest rates / it was 3 % interest initially , then cut to 1.5 % , then further reduced to 0.5 % . 
  zero-point-five-fucking-percent . 
  usury ?
