you are technically right but we 're not going to fully catch up in the foreseeable future - it 's going to take decades . 
   well , rt is just the russian fox , is n't it ? 
  or possibly the russian equivalent of almost any american news source . 
  no , is n't . 
  it is much , much worse . 
  thanks , it seems like the right answer . 
  i see your point , but when poland was in a similar situation a few years ago it was nevertheless seen as a positive . 
  during the crisis , in late 2008 and early 2009 , z\u0142oty fell over 40 % in relation to euro - that 's huge . 
  it helped our export a lot and many commentators describe it as one of the key factors that mitigated effects of the crisis and allowed poland to avoid a recession . 
  it has to be said z\u0142oty was at a historic peak up until then , so the situation is n't quite analogous . 
  however , it still seems bizarre that depreciation of z\u0142oty was described as a definite positive , whereas the weaking of the ruble is described as a complete negative . 
  i think you have it backwards . 
  because oil is usually paid for in us dollars , weak ruble makes export * more * profitable - they get more rubles for the same amount of dollars ( i.e. 
  the same amount of oil ) . 
  in general , strong currency is good for import , while weak one helps export . 
  it 's been the / r/europe standard for a long time now . 
  i know that , it 's not what i asked . 
  let me clarify . 
  a big chunk of russian budget relies on income from oil . 
  the 2015 budget has been calculated assuming a price of at least $ 100 a barrel on international markets . 
  right now it is below $ 90 and still falling . 
  i keep reading articles that it spells big fiscal problems , especially as western sanctions have reduced russia 's access to credit . 
  weak ruble helps offset the low oil price , so it seems to me that it should actually be useful to the russia in a way . 
  not that there are n't disadvantages to it . 
  why is n't a weak ruble good for russia ? 
  it seems like it should help their exports and offset the falling oil prices . 
  so `` i have no desire to even discuss with somebody like you '' carries no disrespectful implication in your mind ? 
  then we have different standards of politeness , that 's fine . 
   it does n't works as you said , it works because there is governmental help for the poor and charities and you for some reason skip this argument i made . 
  how would you know if you did n't even read the of the post ? 
  you make no sense at all . 
   i have no desire to even read the rest of your post or discuss with such a person like you . 
  goodnight/day . 
  well , at least i stayed polite till the end . 
  you decided to end discussion with an insult for no apparent reason . 
  this is getting out of hand , i would appreciate if you were more methodical in your discussion . 
  you said in your earlier post that free market can not work for goods or services that people absolutely need . 
  that statement is false : it works for food , therefore it can work , period . 
  of course , this does n't mean it can work in * all * such cases , but it does mean that a service being absolutely needed is not an argument * by itself * . 
  agreed ? 
   first , you totally ignored the part when i said that there needs to be competition , and in case of food there is a lot of . 
  i explicitly addressed later in the post . 
  i said , quote , `` it is in fact a necessary feature '' . 
   secondly food industry produces a lot of waste that simply can be given to starving , we are producing surplus of food and it is overflowing . 
  this is totally different situation than with meds and procedures , you know that it 's bullshit argument . 
  also i think it 's time for you to wake up , there are starving people every day that need governmental programs and charities to eat . 
  you again choose to ignore that . 
  i have no idea what it has to do with anything . 
  yes , poor people who can not afford their own health insurance or food should receive support from the government . 
  how is this relevant ? 
  i never said there should be no government programs for the poor . 
  i feel like you are debating some stereotypical neoliberal in your head , rather than listening and responding to my specific arguments . 
   that is simply not true !, 
  that 's exactly how it works in usa and the prices for health care are horrendous !, 
  government has a power of bargain combined of all the citizens , no insurance company can provide that . 
  firstly , as i said , the situation in the us is a complete mess for various reasons , so it 's not an example of the kind of system i 'm talking about . 
  secondly , large international insurance companies can easily have millions of customers and at least as much bargaining power as e.g. 
  polish government . 
  not to mention that it would be in their own interest to negotiate lower prices and they would probably better at it than some administration official from nfz . 
   people always want more for less price , that 's normal . 
  also probably 99 % would like to pay lower taxes and be able to acquire more goods , how is that relevant how can it be * not * relevant ? 
  although people will never be totally pleased , their opinions of services and institutions are n't all equally bad . 
  30 % is a low confidence rating and it does tell us a lot . 
   also you are turning my argument around , i have never said that every public health care project is perfect , i have said that privatization would only make matters worse . 
  you said i want to `` drop what we know works '' . 
  i showed you that even in countries with relatively good healthcare most people do n't `` know '' it works well at all . 
  so i 'm not doing it out of `` free-market ideology '' but because i think things can be improved . 
   that is simply not true . 
  it is an answer , you just do n't agree with it . 
  human life is most precious thing and it is invaluable so it can not be subjected to free market and if you do n't understand or do n't agree then we will not reach an agreement . 
  there seems to be some breakdown in communication here . 
  you said `` free market does n't apply in this situation because it assumes the buyer does n't need he only wants to buy good . '', 
  this is wrong on several levels , by the way , but instead of debating it i pointed out it 's irrelevant anyway , because healthcare is n't the only thing you need . 
  to which you say `` that is simply not true '' . 
  well , maybe you can photosynthesise but most people need food . 
  private food production works pretty well for consumers , which falsifies your statement . 
   because we have public healthcare system so that government negotiates prices instead of single hospital , so the outcome is much cheaper for the patient ( im not talking about pain meds or some vitamins i am talking about expensive life-saving procedures and meds ) . 
  treatments for serious disease is expensive and you do n't pay it simply because government does that . 
  you would n't be able to afford it in private system . 
  never . 
  this tells me you do n't know the basics of how a private system is supposed to work . 
  one word : insurance . 
  insurance providers would negotiate prices . 
  they would have more bargaining power than many national healthcare agencies do . 
   yes let 's just drop what we know works , like public healthcare , and lets make it all private , where it never have worked before , because hurr-durr government is bad and why not make everything for sell . 
  some people just have to go with their free-market ideology , its like a goddamn church . 
  i 'm not saying we should privatize it for the sake of it . 
  if the current system works well in your country then great . 
  but it rarely does . 
  a [ 2007 survey ] ( http://www.commonwealthfund.org/~/media/files/surveys/2007/2007-international-health-policy-survey-in-seven-countries/schoen_intlhltpolicysurvey2007_chartpack-pdf.pdf ) showed that over 70 % percent of people in australia , canada , germany , netherlands , united kingdom and new zealand think healthcare in their countries either requires `` fundamental changes '' or should be `` rebuilt completely '' . 
  only around 30 % are confident in getting `` quality and safe care '' . 
  clearly , it 's not as rosy as you think . 
   when i have a cancer and need this medicine i need it or else i die . 
  there is no competition here . 
  free market does n't apply in this situation because it assumes the buyer does n't need he only wants to buy good . 
  as i said earlier , this is true for plenty of other goods and services , so it 's not an answer . 
   it also assumes competition between several companies that can offer lower price . 
  yes , it is in fact a necessary feature . 
   here the medicine is licensed and i can not not buy . 
  so the only company selling medicine/procedure/machine / apparatus/whatever can put any price they want .
