  i think it is heroic to keep the child , i know i could n't do it . 
  2 ) if the parents neglected contraception , but they are very young or poor and ca n't give the child the kind of upbringing it deserves - i do n't condemn an abortion but i believe it 's admirable to keep the child and gives up the child for adoption a ` la juno . 
  perhaps this kind of selflessness should be encouraged . 
  3 ) if the parents are mature , financially stable , and generally able to raise a child , and they stupidly have a quickie without a condom - i do n't think they have a moral right to abort . 
  it 's their fault and their responsibility . 
  it 's not fair that you now have to raise a child for 18 + years because of a moment of carelessness - it 's tragic . 
  but morality is n't defined by what 's easy . 
  these are just rough examples . 
  in reality , there is an infinite number of situations and each must be judged individually . 
  we can promote certain morality , more favourable either towards fetus 's rights or woman 's rights so as to influence women in their decisions . 
  but , as i said , the law should allow women to choose . 
  my argument is n't valid only in case of the `` absolute '' position , i just used it in my argument it for the sake of simplicity . 
  an anti-abortionist might believe a fetus is n't * quite * the same as a human being , but nevertheless holds significant value and possesses inalienable rights . 
  thus , they may allow for compromises , for example in the case of rape . 
  the principle stays the same , it 's still weighing one right against another , and choosing a does n't mean you are anti-b . 
  if woman 's life is in danger then we 're not talking controlling-your-body vs human life , but human life vs human life , so it 's consistent to allow abortions in that case . 
  but yeah , obviously not all anti-abortionists fit the principles i described . 
  sure they have !, 
   * you * think it is semantic abuse because * you * hold the rights over a bunch of parasitic cells who would not be able to survive outside of a female , above the right of a woman to decide over her own body . 
  actually , i do n't . 
  i am in favour of the right to abortion . 
  surprised ? 
  i deliberately avoided stating my position , because i wanted to discuss specific points open-mindedly . 
  as usually , you made assumptions anyway . 
  people will take the slightest hint as to which `` side '' you are on , so that you can be labelled and have your opinions conveniently stereotyped . 
  because a person holding one view can not possibly recognize there also exist arguments against it ... 
  anyway . 
  it 's all about the status of a fetus . 
  if someone believes it is a human being , then it 's irrelevant how much they empathize with woman 's right to control her own body - because protecting human life is more important . 
  now , that person may be * wrong * , but it still does n't make them anti-women . 
  anti [ means `` opposed to something '' ] ( http://www.thefreedictionary.com/anti ) . 
  how can you be anti-women if your position is n't in any way motivated by their attitude towards women and only affects them incidentally ? 
  if you have to judge between a and b , both of which you care about , and mistakenly choose in favour of a , it does n't make you anti-b - it just makes you wrong . 
  that 's why i think it 's a semantic abuse and understand why anti-abortionists are offended by that term . 
   you did not respond to the fact that it is anti-women . 
  i thought it was obvious from my reply , but ok . 
  calling it anti-women is a semantic abuse . 
  it is understood that rights of different people can come in conflict and they have to be weighed , so you do n't call a rule anti-someone just because their right is deemed less urgent in a particular situation . 
  since it is widely agreed that the right to live is by far the most important one , then * if * you believe a fetus is a human being , protecting its life is n't anti- anyone . 
  i 'm not accusing you !, 
  i 'm speaking in general . 
  by the way , nice to / r/europe being as tolerant as ever . 
  even saying that anti-abortion is legitimate opinion like i do ( let alone actually holding it ) gets you downvoted . 
  if someone thinks the issue of abortion is so easy and obvious that any arguments against it deserve to be automatically downvoted , then i guess they do n't understand of the difficulty of the underlying moral dilemma . 
   guess what , most women do n't get abortions because they have nothing better to do , they get it because they think they ca n't raise a child a the moment . 
  you are weighing hardship of one person against * life * of another . 
  if you believe a fetus is a human being , then no matter how much you empathize with the woman , you can not allow for the fetus to be killed , because human life comes before everything else . 
  it 's a fallacy that being anti-abortion means you do n't care for women - you are just in a tragic position and have to pick the lesser of two evils . 
  people who oppose abortion are n't `` anti-women '' , they just happen to think fetus is a human being - and anyone agrees human life comes first . 
  people who support the right to abortion are n't `` pro-murder '' , because they think fetus is n't a human being . 
  so can we please not stoop to this inane rhetoric ? 
  it 's worth noting this trend is probably a result of increasing civil awareness , as opposed to human rights violations becoming more common . 
  more and more people learn about the option to appeal to the european court of human rights when their country 's justice system fails them . 
  ukraine can not into 21st century . 
   it 's an appropriate phrase since the religions you 've mentioned are from the middle east and since they should all go back to where they came from . 
  they done nothing but cause trouble . 
  for well over a thousand years those religions have been instrumental in evolution of the western civilization . 
  do you have any idea how much of your personal worldview undoubtedly traces back to judeo-christian morality and philosophy ? 
  if you wan na talk about how christianity affected the law , it 's gon na be easier to name parts it * did n't * affect . 
  european culture as you know it simply would n't exist without that , it would be something completely different . 
  so what does `` religions going back to middle east '' even mean and how the fuck would it work ? 
  there 's so much interesting to discuss surrounding the topic of erasmus . 
  meanwhile , the top comment is generic , vacuous and a complete non-sequitur , upvoted purely because it panders to people 's emotions . 
  come on / r/europe , we 're supposed to be smarter than this . 
  you said they got rid of religion simply by `` excluding indoctrination and religious education '' , i.e. 
  normal secularism . 
  are you serious ? 
  east germany was n't a case of free thought and healthy secularism , it was a case of aggressive [ state atheism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_atheism ) and indoctrination . 
  it was a country built on marxist ideology . 
  the government suppressed religion and actively promoted atheism on all levels of education and culture . 
  religious teachings were forbidden in schools only to be replaced by propaganda of `` socialist morality '' . 
  church youth groups were prohibited and replaced by organizations under governmental purview . 
  a socialist name-giving ceremony took the place of the traditional christening of infants . 
  the communist authorities introduced a ceremony called * jugendweihe * , as an alternative to christian confirmation , in which youths pledged loyalty to the socialist ideas - without participation you lost any chance of higher education or a good job . 
  clergymen were arrested and invigilated by the stasi secret police . 
  yeah , amazing how quickly you can get rid of religion !, 
  ok , so now we know there really is a problem and , moreover , the british government acknowledges it . 
  the question is whether a ) the measures proposed by the treaty are the right solution and b ) whether there is a need for an international treaty or it can be regulated by each country separately . 
  right , because if someone was wrong about some issue ( which is itself debatable , but let 's say so for the sake of the argument ) , then it means they must also be wrong about a completely different issue that has practically nothing to do with the other one . 
  you still have n't said anything relevant to the issue at hand , you speak in nothing but fallacies based on your general dislike of the british government . 
  except it is entirely your own assumption their their reasons are political . 
  sure , it 's possible , but you should at least wait and learn what their objections are before you criticize . 
  how does this treaty attempt to address the issue and at what cost ? 
  is it the best solution , or is it a flawed bureaucratic nightmare that does n't actually deal with the underlying problem ? 
  maybe it 's a good option for some countries but not others , because of different local factors ? 
  have you done any research and know answer to those questions ? 
  who cares , here 's a seemingly well-intentioned legislation so it must be good !, 
  i mean , it says it will reduce deaths !, 
  what kind of a monster would oppose it , right ? 
  thanks a lot , that 's exactly what i asked for !, 
  so nothing . 
  the op equated franco with hitler so i pointed out it is n't a fair comparison . 
  i read it on a polish website , but here 's a link for what it 's worth : http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/1,114881,12186419,francuzi_postawili_pomnik_mao__tuz_obok_lenina.html, 
   i was making a statement about op 's question in the title and you started a bullshitstorm . 
  what kind of shitstorm ? 
  i was n't even arguing with you , i simply asked about evidence about a statement you 've made . 
  a normal procedure in any rational conversation . 
  what is the big deal ? 
  you are completely overreacting and are obviously very on edge about the issue , which i understand , but please try to look at from a calmer perspective . 
  jesus christ , dude .
