   private companies are inherently inefficient because they aim for profit maximization . 
  a state-run service , theoretically , only has to break even and will therefor for structural reasons always have the potential to be cheaper and more efficient than a private service . 
  that 's just one aspect . 
  sure , if that was the only factor then you would be right . 
   most people , except the most zealous of free market fundamentalists of which the thread in question had a few , realises that water should be a right and not a commodity subject to profit maximization . 
  see , that 's exactly what mean . 
  this is a false dichotomy and completely the wrong way to frame the problem . 
  water being a right means nobody can be * actively denied * access to it , not that access to it should be free because there is no such thing as free . 
  you pay for it one or the other . 
  so the real question is , what 's the most efficient way to provide it at the best quality ? 
  whether or not somebody makes profit on it is a red herring . 
  it stems from a zero-sum game fallacy : the idea that if someone is making a profit , it means people are getting screwed . 
  in reality , it 's possible for all parties to benefit . 
  so it may very well be that the solution that ensures cheapest water for most people involves a for-profit provider . 
  so on , so forth . 
  as i said , your post just exemplifies my point . 
  most economic discussions in / r/europe are framed in such a manner that in my every post , before getting to my actual point , i would basically have to give a thousand-word condensed introduction to free-market economics to straighten out all the misconceptions and fallacies . 
   support neoliberal policy . 
  hardly . 
  see the yesterday 's thread about water infrastructure , as a pretty representative example . 
  as a neoliberal , i 'm often reluctant to post in economy-related threads because of the prevailing sentiment of the discussion . 
   firstly i think it is an internal russian issue . 
  obviously not , given the suit was accepted by the permanent court of arbitration and , as far as i know , even the russian government did n't question its eligibility . 
  also , the russian internal justice system is n't exactly known for its independence and objectivity , so it is definitely in the interest of fairness that the case was judged by the pca . 
   amazing how people are happy to champion the cause of oligarchs , just as long as it sticks it to putin . 
  or maybe they just support the rule of law ? 
  you are advocating for the exact reverse - championing the corrupt and undemocratic actions of putin as long as it sticks it to oligarchs . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  the judgement did n't concern moral integrity of the sides , it was about the legality of russian government 's actions in regard to confiscation of private assets . 
  you think courts should make judgements ad hominem ? 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just objectively wrong . 
  any self-respecting economist will tell you it 's nonsense . 
  it 's a textbook zero-sum game fallacy . 
  it always baffles me . 
  creationists , for example , are commonly ( and rightly ) acknowledged to be irrational and anti-science . 
  but when it comes to economics , you can freely make uninformed statements that fly in the face of the scientific consensus and reveal lack of basic understanding of the discipline , and nobody bats an eyelash . 
  the mechanism is the same - people thinking through their sentiments instead of rationally . 
  in addition , the perception of economics not being `` an exact science '' makes people think they can say whatever the hell they want . 
  it 's a lot worse than creationism , actually , because rejecting evolution is just an academic issue - economic ignorance has very real impact on public policy and on our lives . 
  i completely agree . 
  but it 's really beside my point , which is that we should n't shut down discussion by downvoting controversial opinions . 
  / r/europe : where not only you ca n't have a dissenting opinion , even admitting you understand another point of view will get you downvoted, 
   how do you mean ? 
  its not a moral opinion . 
  it was because of religious reasons . 
  he believed it to be morally wrong , it 's the definition of a moral opinion . 
  moral opinions can be based on religious values , you know . 
  sure , but it 's still a small minority , which is why `` everyone else '' was wrong . 
   i think a minor increase in unemployment and the loss of very unproductive jobs is a fair price for increased earnings for everyone else . 
  what do you mean by everyone else ? 
  only a couple percent of workers earn the minimum wage . 
   the liberalists who are against higher wages for the working poor nobody is against this , that 's a complete strawmen . 
  what plenty of people * do * say is that wages should grow in accordance with the market , because artificial price floor ( which is what the minimum wage is ) decreases demand and therefore increases unemployment . 
  * that * is the argument . 
   you 're just being a petite bourgeoisie apologist holy shit . 
  either i suddenly jumped to the mid 19th century or there are still people saying stuff like this non-ironically in 2014 . 
  do n't know which one would be more amazing . 
   you could make that argument with any eu regulation . 
  with many things there is inherent value in consistency . 
  for example , unified food quality standards make it easier for businesses to operate across borders and are key to the common market . 
  i think we have found the underlying reason for our disagreement . 
  you agree that we should weigh restrictions relative to importance of various rights , so you must agree that some rights and some aspects of human condition are more important than others . 
  yet you disagree that the ability to practice one 's religion come before a lot of other stuff . 
  this means you simply do n't see religion as important . 
  it 's a common theme among atheists . 
  they are just unable to understand the nature of the religious experience and they do n't appreciate just how important faith is to religious people . 
  they see religion as just another activity , ideology , state of mind , whatever . 
  i would say that 's objectively wrong . 
  it 's not only incorrect from a scientific point of view as i 'm sure any anthropologist would tell you , but it also represents a lack of empathy . 
  religious faith * is * a special part of the human condition , just as e.g. 
  gender is . 
  i think you 're looking at this too simplistically . 
  in practice , laws and restrictions are often based on tradeoffs , weighing conflicting rights of different groups . 
  to take a trivial example , in my area there 's constant fighting between bars and clubs on one side , and residents on the other . 
  where do you draw the line between the right of club owners to run their businesses , people 's desire for the city to have a vibrant cultural scene , and residents ' right to have some peace and quiet in their homes late in the evening ? 
  when enacting restrictions , you clearly have to weigh relative importance of each group 's rights . 
  what i 'm saying is there are some things that hold a special place in the person 's identity , such as gender , sexual orientation , and religion . 
  they deserve more consideration and must be given extra weight when compared against the more mundane , practical needs . 
  thus , people should be expected to tolerate a certain degree of inconvenience if it enables others to practice their religion . 
  it 's a matter of empathy and civility . 
  we 're agreed in principle . 
  my reply was provoked by this sentence of yours :  just because there 's freedom of religion , does n't mean you are or should granted any protection from law interfering with your practise religious freedom most definitely grants protection from * unjustified * laws that interfere with religious practice . 
  you might say that laws must be justified anyway , but we all know it 's not always the case , as there are all sorts of not-strictly-necessary restrictions in the public sphere . 
  usually they 're just practical nuisances and nobody cares , but if their subject has religious connotations then it understandably becomes a big deal . 
  also , things are rarely black-and-white . 
  a restriction may be technically , secularly justified but if the reason is n't very important and the restriction would severely limit people 's ability to practice , it 's probably better not to enact it . 
  so while you 're right that in principle all that matters is presence of a legitimate secular justification , in practice religion is special in a sense , simply because it matters a lot to people and plays a unique role in their lives . 
  that 's why we should take religious sensitivities in the account ( though , of course , we should n't be held hostage to them ) . 
  well , we need to be careful here . 
  laws can be implicitly targeted at certain religious practices and historically that 's how religious discrimination was often carried out . 
  the government could outlaw public gatherings in buildings which have crosses on their roofs . 
  it 's not religious discrimination , it 's just a general law !, 
  if it * happens * to interfere with christian religious practice , tough luck , right ? 
  there was no chance , given how poorly psl fares in the current polls . 
  well , neoliberalism is a broad and vague term , so it 's hard to make definitive statements once we get into concrete details like this . 
  what we can say pretty safely is neoliberals consider price controls an extreme form of intervention which can easily backfire and should therefore only be used as the last resort , if ever . 
  i have n't studied the ins and outs of the european telecommunications market , but it 's quite possible there was a less blunt way to deal with the issue . 
  neoliberalism does n't say the free market * always * works best but that it usually does , so we should n't intervene prematurely and should be very careful about potential side-effects of regulation . 
  perhaps i should start blathering `` please remind the next socialist you meet '' every time there is an example of competition causing low prices , as if socialists postulated price controls on everything . 
  just as much of a strawman and just as petty and annoying .
