  it 's the other way around - people who have things in common want to be autonomous and create a government . 
  so where does this leave the eu which was created somewhat artificially , top-to-bottom ? 
  well , i think that , while the government ca n't just synthetically make up an identity , it can help promote certain threads people have in common that already exist organically . 
  europeans do have many things in common that can become a basis for an identity that would ensure eu 's political longevity . 
  also , let 's not forget that a person can belong to multiple groups , so strengthening of a european identity does n't have to have an impact your other connections . 
  they do , but not to a degree of completely disregarding the fundamental dynamics of human condition . 
  if there is one thing the science of cultural anthropology has taught us , it 's to never underestimate how deeply-seated those basic drives are . 
  i think you misunderstood , prestian is critical of national identities . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean , could you please elaborate ? 
  because it just does n't work like that , as any anthropologist will tell you . 
  the need for a group identity is one the basics of human condition . 
  the idea of a `` society of individuals '' is a utopia which has been proven naive and unrealistic many times . 
  look at you own country . 
  absence of a common identity among people governed as a single society creates tension and weakens the group . 
  there is natural tendency for such groups to divide into more coherent parts . 
  lack of a common identity of a group makes it difficult to define common goals and pursue ambitious endeavours , which often require solidarity and sacrifices from individuals for the sake of the group - and why would they agree to that if they do n't identify with it ? 
  so they would n't be knocked down because they would n't exist in the first place , you mean ? 
  how is it absurd ? 
  it 's a basic rule of free-market capitalism and i 'm sure you agree with it , you 're just not applying it consistently . 
  surely you * do n't * think we should go over every single kind of service , from making cars to sewing clothes to delivering milk , and decide whether it should be privatized or state-run . 
  i do n't have to prove why laundries should be private , the burden of proof is on the one who proposes them nationalized . 
  that 's what i mean by `` the private sector is the default choice '' . 
  thus , there are infinitely many kinds of services and goods provided by the private sector , many of them essential to our lives . 
  the government runs only select few special services , where there are specific reasons why they can not be private . 
  that 's what i mean by saying nationalized is the exception . 
  are we agreed so far ? 
  over the past decades we have privatized many branches of the economy that traditionally used to be state-run and each time these transitions met with fears and protests . 
  yet , in the overwhelming majority of cases privatizations were successful - it turned out government involvement had n't been necessary after all , it was just a result of the status quo . 
  stuff which is now considered obvious to be privatized , not so long ago was thought `` sacred '' . 
  now , let 's look at the issue at hand . 
  is law enforcement a special kind of service that must be left in the hands of the government ? 
  well , i think only anarcho-capitalists would argue otherwise . 
  however , we 're not talking about anything resembling full privatization here . 
  the government would retain full control , we 're only talking about outsourcing particular tasks that do n't require sworn officers to handle . 
  are there fundamental reason why * that * should n't be done , or is to just a result of the status quo ? 
  i can see arguments both ways myself and i hoped for an open-minded discussion . 
  unfortunately , most people seem to be unable to get past their knee-jerk reactions . 
  i know . 
  but now that they are largely privatized , has it been a disaster ? 
  are you actively wishing railway or telecommunications were nationalized ? 
  i mean , `` not a single public service should be run by a corporation '' , right ? 
  even if so , i 'm still disappointed . 
  you should downvote others based on their contribution to the discussion , not on whether you agree with them . 
  the latter just kills the discussion . 
  look , i knew i would have most people disagree with me when i first posted in this thread . 
  nevertheless , i took the effort to write a fairly lengthy post explaining my point of view ( a toplevel , not the one above ) , hoping people would respect an attempt at a civil and rational argument - smaller subreddits tend to be relatively pluralistic and tolerant . 
  i even tried to keep the tone as diplomatic as possible . 
  surely enough , the post has been dowvoted so much it is now hidden . 
  needless to say , this has further discouraged me to voice unpopular opinions . 
  this is what kills interesting dicussions and turns reddit into a stupid circlejerk . 
  this is just false . 
  whether the government employes people directly or indirectly via private contractors , is an organizational detail . 
  the service is still paid by the government , whoever runs it . 
  they are public in the sense that they are managed and ensured by the government . 
  but they are operated to various degrees by private contractors . 
  let 's take waste management . 
  if a town council decides to hire a private contractor to supply and operate dustcarts , nobody bats an eye . 
  but similar approach to particular tasks related to law enforcement services is apparently outrageous . 
  you are assuming problems in the us are caused by the fact that their health insurance is fully privatized . 
  i very much doubt it . 
  but let 's not bring the us system into this , because i 'm not talking about replicating it and i do n't want to abolish the nhs . 
  i agree healthcare is a human right . 
  i think health insurance should be compulsory and it should be subsidized by the government for those who ca n't afford it . 
  this is completely orthogonal to whether the insurer is a private company or a public institution . 
  all i want is the ability to choose an alternative provider for my compulsory insurance . 
  there should be a competition instead of the nhs monopoly . 
  what could possibly be wrong with that ? 
  whether people stay with the nhs or they choose private alternatives , you know it will be the better service that will win . 
   also nhs is public , should public health insurance be privatized too ? 
  i should be able to opt out of nhs/nfz and choose alternative insurers . 
  right now you can have private insurance but you have to pay the public one regardless , which makes such solution t0o expansive and wasteful for most . 
  let 's allow true competition and let people choose . 
  my bet is , the public insurers would quickly become obsolete . 
   but i ca n't choose who will investigate me ( deny me my right to privacy ) or detain me ( deny me freedom of movement ) but you also ca n't choose it right now , either . 
  why would it be worse if the person detaining you was a contractor ? 
  you seem to rely on an unspoken premise that private enterprises are more untrustworthy or sinister than government institutions , which i do n't agree with . 
  i do n't think there would be a decrease of accountability , because if a contractor screws up then it 's still government 's responsibility . 
  if there is a scandal , it 's home secretary 's head on a platter either way . 
  actually , they can and they are - all the time . 
  electricity , gas , health care , public transport , public housing , social services , waste management , water supply . 
  these are all public services and in developed countries most of them are either privatized completely or run by government-hired private contractors . 
  edit : i 'm always baffled about what goes through the mind of someone who downvotes a simple factual statement . 
  it 's basically admitting to yourself that your opinion is bullshit . 
  wow , reddit * is not * going to like this . 
  i understand this gut reaction but let 's take a breath and think about it . 
  i am of the opinion that almost every kind of services and products are better and more efficiently provided by private businesses . 
  government 's job is to govern , not to run services , and privatization is the * default * situation . 
  government should only get involved in the rare cases when there is a strong , fundamental reason why a private provision of a service can not work . 
  now , it might seem that law enforcement is on of the exceptions . 
  i have many reservations myself . 
  then again , while it is a particularly sensitive area , is it really that different in this regard from some other services we already trust private businesses with , e.g. 
  health care ? 
  it is hard to imagine a more difficult and delicate service than medical care , yet it seems normal there are private hospitals and clinics and people do n't have a problem literally entrusting their lives to them . 
  and since when do we trust the government so much and private enterprises so little , anyway ? 
  living in poland , when i go the doctor i do n't even notice if the establishment is private or publicly-run ; all i care about is that i 'm covered by nfz ( the polish equivalent of nhs in the uk ) . 
  actually , that 's not completely true , i do notice - the private ones are usually much better . 
  would delegating police services really be that different ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i , for one , think it is a brave and interesting idea and i 'm looking forward to see how it turns out . 
  not making any point , just some observations .
