  you clearly have no idea what you 're talking about and you still have the gall to call others idiots . 
   in the end germany will likely profit around 100-200 billion off these loans by the end of 2030 . 
  i would like to know where you 've got this number from . 
  it should be easily calculable based on the interest rates , so the big range suggests you 've pulled it out of your ass . 
  let me ask you something . 
  if the terms of the loan were so harsh , then why did n't greece just raise the money on the open market ? 
  i 'll tell you why : because nobody else would have lent you any money at those rates . 
  you 're gon na fit in very well , then . 
  i guess it depends on the kind of spying we 're talking about . 
  when it comes to spying explicitly targeted at the canadian and british governments , such as placing physical bugs to listen to conversations of state officials , i think it is likely they americans stay true to their declarations . 
  really , there is no way it would go undetected for such a long time , counter-intelligence agencies know quite well who 's spying on them . 
  you could say that maybe the brits have found out but the case was swept under the rug , as they often are . 
  well , the thing is that the level of cooperation between the uk and the us proves there is a great deal of trust , beyond just official declarations . 
  as far as i remember , they officially declared they do n't . 
  they were probably being truthful as they did n't need say it and such lie would be guaranteed to come out sooner or later , doing a lot more damage to mutual relations than normally in case of spying scandals . 
  the three countries are unique in how closely their intelligence agencies cooperate and how much information they share . 
  as an example , while german officials were surprised to learn about prism and loudly voiced their outrage , it turned out the british had been in on the program for some time and had access to its data . 
   wow , just wow . 
  this should be enough to see the usa as common enemy to europe and reason to unite us and seperate from them politically . 
  sorry , you seem to have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  everyone spies on almost everyone . 
  for instance , it is a well-known fact that the usa spies on every country except canada and the uk . 
  you think european countries do n't spy on each other ? 
  think again . 
  of course , it 's still very embarrassing and damaging to the relationship between two countries when someone gets caught red-handed , but the scandal is usually quickly swept under the rug . 
  nobody pretends to be offended for too long because they 're doing the same all along . 
  do you think we should we always artificially maintain the status quo and subsidize every obsolete or oversized industry ? 
  i assume the answer is no , so why is agriculture an exception ? 
  i know there is a social cost in adjusting . 
  by all means , let 's have temporary support programs to ease the transition . 
  but to indefinitely support agriculture at the expanse of tax payer 's money not only does n't make sense economically - it is immoral . 
  is a sensationalist , completely editorialized blog post from a communist website what passes as news source in / r/europe now ? 
  here 's what happened , in plain words . 
  the government made the labour laws more flexible by extending the work time accounting period from 4 to 12 months `` if justified by objective or technical reasons related to organization of work '' . 
  accounting period is the length of time over which the average number of hours worked per day has to match the standard 8 hours . 
  thus , you can work longer hours for a few months and then work less ( or not at all ) for the remaining time . 
  any such arrangement must be collectively approved by the employees , through unions or otherwise . 
  the rationale is that in some industries the amount of work done varies a lot over time . 
  consider agriculture or construction for good examples . 
  if employees always had to work 8 hour days , companies would be understaffed half the time and overstaffed the other half , which is obviously very inefficient . 
  in practice , companies in such positions just hire people temporarily instead of full-time . 
  hence , extending the accounting period is meant to make jobs more stable and allow companies to be more efficient and competitive . 
  how much it serves the employees and how much the employers is , of course , a question for debate . 
  i personally think it 's good for everybody . 
  the article kindly linked by the op presents an alternative viewpoint :  this is a major attack to the working class , smuggled by with little notice of the world press and little protest of the collaborationist unions . 
  poland is the laboratory for the introduction of the worst neoliberal dismantling of workers rights and the working class lived up to their masters ' expectations by keeping at work , begging for crumbs from their masters ' hands . 
  if it went so smoothly here , one wonders where they will strike next . 
  yeah , diplomats at the g20 summit seem like prime candidates for blowing themselves up . 
  this is completely different than domestic surveillance in the name of countering terrorism . 
  this is government spying on officials of other countries ' governments , getting to know their plans - exactly what intelligence agencies are meant to do . 
  yes , you can if you use the language and interact with other speakers for an extensive amount of time . 
  that 's what it means to be truly bilingual . 
  although my native language is polish , in some contexts i often * think * in english and actually find it easier to express myself in english . 
  we are talking about income tax . 
  health insurance is paid for separately . 
  likewise with pensions . 
  for the poorest , they are supported by social security , which is also separate from the general tax pool . 
  trains and airports are mostly paid for by the users , though they are partly subsidized . 
  college education is usually provided through general-purpose taxes , true - but there are other options , such as college loans . 
  roads are largely supported by fuel taxes , road taxes etc. 
  finally , let 's not forget that income tax accounts for less than a third of the overall tax revenue . 
  as you can see , most of the services and benefits you listed do n't rely on income tax - and they certainly * do n't have to * rely on it . 
  it is therefore a fallacy that we need to have high income taxes in order have those things . 
  certainly not compared to romania . 
  average wage in poland is 60 % higher than in romania . 
  yes , let 's be modern by seizing land at will and ignoring people 's right to self-determination !, 
  wow . 
  here 's my view . 
  it 's one thing if it 's done pragmatically . 
  as in , we know it is ugly and unethical but it is necessary to keep the country afloat and there 's no better option . 
  i could accept that . 
  however , that 's not what happened here . 
  the additional income from the levy was relatively small , it made no difference as far as the overall budgetary situation . 
  which means the levy was imposed * for the sake of it * and its only practical purpose was to penalize and make an example of `` the rich '' . 
  it is n't just populism , it is class hatred . 
  why would n't it be possible ? 
  same-sex marriage , despite being often portrayed as such , is not the holy grail of tolerance towards gay people . 
  there are many issues and considerations . 
  the rainbow index itself uses 42 different categories that `` cover a wide spectrum of legislation and administrative practices '' . 
  many of them are just as relevant - if not more so - to everyday lives of gay people as the exact name of the legal institution that sanctions their relationships , which can be purely symbolic . 
  all of those require me turn it on/off every other time i navigate to a website or switch between tabs . 
  what i need is quite simple . 
  most websites publish ads that are fairly unobtrusive so i want blocking to be off by default . 
  however , a still significant percentage of websites is annoying and i want to be able to easily blacklist them - using a easylist , as opposed to manually blocking individual elements . 
  yes , i know , but blocking stuff manually is much more of a hassle . 
  i 'd like to use a list * and * have it off by default . 
  i have used adblock for many years and i try to whitelist websites i frequent as long as the ads are unobtrusive . 
  however , it requires effort to remember and most users probably do n't care to do it . 
  it also means i do n't support websites i visit only occasionally or maybe just once , like a blog post linked from reddit . 
  i wish adblock was off by default and had an easily accessible option to blacklist a website with a single click when i find it annoying . 
   possibly , the prices , electricity , heating , everything the food , the clothes , fuel its all going higher 5x faster than our salary 5 times ? 
  i 'd be interested to see the numbers . 
  the suggestion that anyone who supports the free market `` sides with the rich '' and is `` negative about democracy '' is fallacious on so many levels i do n't even know where to start . 
  also , note his selective and misleading quotations of adam smith . 
  reading his biography , i see the guy is a post-marxist ; no surprise there . 
   this is , of course , exactly why free-market economists and others who are on the side of the rich have been so negative about democracy . 
  this is where i gave up reading . 
  it is an embarrassingly fallacious statement to come from a cambridge scholar . 
  i 'd be truly fascinated to hear people 's reason for downvoting you . 
  same here .
