  second , the proposal is about all kinds of education workers , including administrative staff - not just teachers . 
  the latter is said right in one of the linked articles . 
  good job , op . 
  instead of this short editorial , perhaps it would have been better to link to the [ original new york times story ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/02/world/europe/used-to-hardship-latvia-accepts-austerity-and-its-pain-eases.html?hp&amp;_r=1&amp; ) which is much more informative and neutral . 
  if by reverse he means they will go from 10,7 % * unemployment * to 10,7 % * employment * , i can believe him . 
  i 'm sorry , i was out of line ... 
  1.5 trillion dollars ? 
  impossible , that 's absurd . 
  nope , we could n't . 
  see my post below in the thread . 
  and europe should be able to handle these two conflicts at once , anyway . 
  these were far from full-fledged wars , we are talking about limited involvements . 
   i said that the only reason our forces were unable to handle them was because the majority of our forces were in afghanistan instead of available . 
  yeah , that 's what i mean , sorry i was n't clear . 
  as far as i know , the failure to handle libya was n't caused by involvement in afghanistan . 
  the kinds of problem we had , such as lack of air tankers essential for long-range air strikes and lack of awacs planes , are fundamental deficiencies of european military . 
  also , europe should be able to handle such limited involvement in two places at once so afghanistan would n't be an excuse anyway . 
  i listed two examples of crises europe should have been able to handle but could n't : yugoslavia and libya . 
  neither was caused by involvement in afghanistan . 
  we depended on americans for mid-air refuelling , among other things . 
  we could n't have done it without them . 
  not saying if i agree with the ambassador 's request or not , but you present a very narrow definition of the concept of defence . 
  in the globalized , interdependent world , there is more to defence than just keeping foreign powers from invading your territory . 
  you do n't have to be a bush-doctrine-supporting , liberty-spreading neocon to consider that we are affected by things happening outside our borders and it is vital to protect peace and stability beyond our own neighbourhood . 
  i can think of plenty of examples where europe could have used more capable military despite the end of the cold war . 
  first and foremost , the yugoslav wars - a shameful episode in the recent history . 
  europe sat idly and watched genocide and crimes against humanity happen at its own doorstep , unwilling and unable to do anything about it . 
  it took the usa to step in from the other side of the planet . 
  more recently , libya . 
  as gaddafi 's regime was reeling , it was prudent from both moral and pragmatic standpoints to intervene . 
  all we needed to do was to aid the rebels with equipment and provide them air support - minimal risk to our troops and relatively little material cost . 
  and we did n't have the resources to do even this without the help of the americans . 
  thirdly , somalia etc. 
  protecting our trade routes . 
  this is before we even consider the broad picture , the overall geopolitical landscape fundamentally determined by usa 's military hegemony - the * pax americana * . 
  it is hard to imagine what the world would look like without it , but it certainly would be less cosy from european point of view . 
  as much as we like to contrast the peaceful and civilized europe with the imperialist us , europe is implicitly relying on america 's military power in its broadly-understood defence . 
  i am convinced that if it was n't for the us , european countries would soon find themselves spending a lot more on military force , despite their rhetoric . 
  tl ; dr the neo-conservative view of the world may be batshit , but europeans are naive hypocrites . 
  the truth is somewhere in the middle , as usually . 
   there are legitimate reasons to think that state owned companies for things like ( i assume based on my nonexistant dutch knowledge ) telecommunications and banking are a good thing . 
  i agree they can be a good thing sometimes ( though you and i would probably differ on how often ) . 
  but why in this particular case ? 
   this is a nightmare . 
  why ? 
   in fact , we only know that someone decided to not involve the islamic student society . 
  you 're right . 
  i somehow misread it as meaning the debate wo n't involve members of muslim community any more . 
  as penance , i shall therefore downvote my own post . 
   usman siddiqui , president of imperial 's islamic student society , insisted that they were unable to co-host the event for `` logistical reasons '' rather than ideological ones . 
  this does n't mean much , of course he would deny it . 
  but in a completely different form . 
  i do n't think it 's a big stretch to say the original debate was called off . 
   it is now being held without input from any muslim student society at logan hall , a conference centre owned by the university of london . 
   last time i checked a congressional research service report on the effect of tax cuts to wealthy , was suppressed because it concluded that they did not work . 
  last time i checked , the report was about results of a specific policy in specific country in specific circumstances . 
  it did n't determine some kind of universal economical law . 
  also , what `` did not work '' means in this context is `` did not stimulate economical growth and employment '' . 
  that 's not the only consideration here . 
  finally , as far as i can see , goerz 's point applies to all taxpayers , not just the upper class . 
  your argument is a strawman on at least three different levels which is an achievement of sorts :p, 
  israelis are free to establish an award for people who have done a service to jews , just like most countries have their own national awards and orders . 
  what 's your point and how does it relate to israelis being `` special in the 21st century '' ? 
  this has nothing to do with what i said , that 's not the part i was commenting on . 
  i do n't speak french but thanks , maybe someone else will find the link informative . 
   because if they do n't they 'll starve . 
  simple as that . 
  the supermarkets are getting away with it because selling staright to the consumers is n't possible . 
  it 's literally the only choice they have . 
  this is true in every country and for every profession , so it 's not an explanation . 
   milk production has actually gone down since 2012 . 
  do you really want me to list all the reasons why this isolated statistic is meaningless ? 
  but how is that supermarkets are able to get away with those margins ? 
  why do they have such an bargaining advantage against the farmers ? 
  ** this ** is the fundamental question . 
  clearly , there is an oversupply of produce and while i do n't know much about the situation , it 's easy to imagine that government subsidies have been the major contributor to that . 
  without subsidies some farmers would have gradually transitioned to other occupations and the remaining ones would be able to get by on their own . 
  now that the farming sector has been artificially propped up for decades , the transition has become economically painful and politically impossible . 
  once you start subsidizing you become hostage to it . 
  this does n't answer my question , does it ? 
  also , you need to figure out the underlying cause of the current imbalance instead of blindly throwing public money at the problem . 
  how do you decide what a `` fair price '' is , other than by the market equilibrium of supply and demand ? 
  of course and i am very glad about it , i did n't say it 's all feminists . 
  since the term is so broad and vaguely defined , i 'd be careful to make any generalizations . 
  but there definitely is a significant number of feminists who advocate what i describe and i merely countered lobotomobility 's assertion that they are made up by men 's rights activists . 
  given there are various feminist organizations and figures that openly speak against lawfully recognizing female-on-male sexual assault as rape ( which still is n't the case in many countries ) , they are surprisingly lifelike for being made of straw . 
  there are other kinds of power than physical . 
  you can be coerced by a superior by a threat of losing your job or by any other sort of blackmail , for example . 
  rape is n't necessarily violent . 
   they have a waiting list for these semi private schools . 
  presumably this means the school can choose their student amount . 
  based on the long waiting list i would assume they have a rather high teacher-to-student ratio and limited places available . 
  this is a luxury a public school does n't have . 
  all this tells me is these private schools are better , or are at least perceived as better by parents , than public ones . 
  it 's therefore excellent that thanks to the voucher system the poorer parents can send their kids there . 
   so charter schools look really nice , until you try to cram the whole population inside them and they implode under the stress that normal public schools have to handle . 
  i do n't see how this follows from the rest of your post . 
  you did n't show charter schools are inherently unable to handle all of the load , apart from the fact there are too few of them right now . 
   one of the main strengths of our school system is to me that everybody goes to the same schools , whether they 're from rich or poor background why would n't this be the case in a voucher system ? 
  everybody gets the same voucher , after all .
