  except of course it would n't be upvoted to the top of the thread . 
  do n't be silly , a bribe implies a personal , particularly financial , gain . 
  if you think making political deals constitutes bribery , then i wonder how you imagine a democracy ( or any political system , for that matter ) is supposed to work . 
  making political deals is normal for politicians . 
  the point is that the head of the national bank is n't a political position : he or she should be apolitical . 
  there is nothing illegal about the government trying to convince the national bank to do stuff . 
  it is to be expected , all governments do it . 
  nor is there anything wrong with the national bank 's chief meeting with government officials and discussing policy . 
  the national bank 's constitutionally guaranteed independence does n't imply lack of cooperation . 
  however , it is the national bank 's duty to make decisions based purely on economic judgement , as opposed to any sort of political deals . 
  it 's unacceptable for belka to make these sorts of political conditions . 
  the government did n't do anything illegal or even unethical . 
  the fault lies entirely with belka . 
  a referendum is fundamentally different to election . 
  we limit election campaign contributions because we do n't want a public official to become overly reliant on a single wealthy individual 's support and therefore subservient to them . 
  because that 's the only reason anyone would vote no ? 
  i did n't realize over 50 % of scotsmen were multi-millionaires , amazing !, 
  it 's not a political donation in the usual sense of the word , i.e. 
  it 's not about elections . 
  you can donate towards issue campaigns all you want . 
  dude , 25 years ago estonia was a soviet , communist shithole . 
  since then its gdp per capita has increased * threefold * . 
  the fact that it 's even remotely comparable to a western country is enough to , in your words , worship estonia 's success . 
   estonia is still in many ways a third-world country , underperforming even the us in terms of health and safety and having a gdp lower even than portugal and greece , and yet it is being held up as what a developed country should be . 
  i 'm honestly at loss for words at your lack of proportion and perspective . 
  having a poorer healthcare than the us is characteristic of a third-world country ? 
  lower gdp per capita than portugal means you ca n't be developed ?!, 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  i do n't see why . 
  krugman is a big advocate of an active fed that stimulates the economy with low interest rates and quantitative easing . 
  how much did you like him to begin with ? 
  with or against ? 
  i do n't agree that the title is wrong . 
  taxes are irrelevant - it says * country * , not government . 
  it 's about what makes money to people and their businesses . 
  thanks , good to hear . 
  it may seem like a strange source , but [ rowan atkinson does excellent job explaining the issue ] ( http://youtu.be/gciegyilyty ) . 
  do n't ridicule what 's a very serious and tough dilemma . 
  obviously , the problem is that the definition of hate speech is very broad and murky , so it is difficult to outlaw hate speech without affecting legitimate criticism . 
  such laws can be easily used to silence anyone who does n't fall in line with the prevailing orthodoxy . 
  literally . 
  a secret door in the back of the ship , to be opened remotely and let water in . 
  i doubt the misinformation shown by the survey is a result of blatantly false statements . 
  it 's not that they read in a tabloid that `` 31 % of population consists of recent immigrants '' . 
  people are generally bad at remembering numbers , anyway . 
  those numbers are mostly people 's own wild estimates - guesses based on how often they hear news stories on these issues . 
  it 's very difficult to avoid wrong impressions . 
  for instance , i do n't think there is a single country where people do n't overestimate the amount of crime . 
  to solve it via regulation , you would basically have to have the government tell the media what to talk about and how much . 
  and we all know where this leads . 
   it 's already regulated . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i could ask you the same question . 
  obviously it 's not regulated in the sense you 're proposing or else you would n't be proposing it as a solution . 
  they would talk louder , that always works . 
   for instance , in the us you do n't pay taxes on the `` wage '' . 
  you pay taxes on your income . 
  what 's the difference ? 
   second , there are a myriad other taxes that are not income taxes , which taken together can be higher than the income tax . 
  of course , but i do n't see why that 's misleading . 
  surely you 're not saying that you can present a particular statistic only if you simultaneously give all the other statistics relating to the subject at hand . 
  the map does n't pretend to show the overall tax burden , it just shows what it tells it shows . 
  if someone reads too much int it then it 's their own fault . 
  cheers !, 
  i know some of those words . 
  it 's a friday night , what did you expect ? 
  i 'm denying this , those guys do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  actually , anyone who 's ever been to poland will attest the quality of women is the least of our problems . 
  that 's the easy part , i can probably google the blueprints in 5 minutes . 
  but we could make an invasion very costly and therefore far less likely . 
  you said the post was biased in nato 's favour , because its numbers included forces that were n't immediately available . 
  my point is that the same is true for russian numbers . 
  but russia ca n't possibly invade without a warning . 
  it 's not like it 's got all of its forces stationed on its western border . 
  any sort of an attack would have to be preceded by massive activity that would be detected by nato and would give it chance to prepare . 
   usa might send conventional forces but shipping armaments takes a while and they have tied a lot of resources into middle-east . 
  so their muscle in europe is n't nearly as great as might be shown on the infograph above . 
  i imagine they would n't wait with transferring their forces until the minute of the invasion . 
  right , but flyingorange did n't imply that was the case . 
  he/she simply said that pro-russian comments are downvoted in threads about the crimean conflict . 
  nothing more . 
  meta-discussion is as useless as it is fun , is n't it ? 
  except he/she specifically referred to the russia-ukraine conflict , they said nothing about other contexts . 
   fucking educate your self you hate mongering shit . 
  all sides did crimes . 
  i guess it 's hard for you to get it into your thick indoctrinated skull . 
  this does n't in any way contradict what they said . 
  maybe you should re-examine your own logic before calling others thick . 
   shhh , here we talk about the russian economy and ignore the much worse economies of spain , portugal and greece . 
  yeah , i ca n't remember any threads about them at all . 
   we bemoan russian homophobia but turn a blind eye to the even worse homophobia in poland . 
  poland may have a long way to go in terms of tolerance but it is by no means as bad as russia . 
   pro-eu corrupt oligarchs in ukraine get a pass while we look on in disgust at the excess of pro-russian corrupt oligarchs most opinions i 've heard in the media and in / r/europe acknowledge that corruption is n't limited to yanukovych 's supporters and that the future of the transformation is going to depend on changing the entire political culture . 
   are n't eu federalists wonderful . 
  what ... ? 
  what does any of it have to do with european federalism ? 
   there is no automatism . 
  i said no such thing . 
  in fact , i implied the opposite by saying that nato is only effective as long as its members demonstrate real commitment and show the pact is n't just on paper . 
   what france and the usa are doing has nothing to do with nato .
