  ok , let 's say you house * is * harming kids . 
  by doing something which used to be perfectly legal , but which the government has just made made illegal and has taken away your house because of it . 
  well , in any civilized legal system you would deserve compensation for the exproperiation of your property . 
  but you 're really clutching at straws here . 
  the point is clear : when a law , no matter how well-meaning , violates somebody 's rights and that somebody sues for compensation , it is disingenous and misleading to describe it as suing the underlying cause of the law . 
   we do n't have to dance to the tune of lawyerspeak . 
  the lawsuit was to stop plain packaging laws . 
  firstly , the lawsuit was to compensate for damages , not to stop the law from taking effect . 
  secondly , it 's not lawyerspeak but an important distinction . 
  the point is that you ca n't violate certain rights and rules , no matter how good the cause is . 
  this is the principle every civilized , democratic country follows in its internal judicial system as well . 
  philip morris alleges that its rights were violated and demands a compensation for the expropriated property . 
  it is very different than saying it sued the government for public health regulation . 
  let 's say i live near a busy intersection where lots of accidents happen . 
  last week there was an accident in which two kids crossing the road were mowed down by a truck and as a result the city council decides to build a big roundabout to make the intersection safer . 
  however , there is not enough space so in the process they bulldoze my entire garden . 
  i sue the city for taking away my property and i demand compensation . 
  is it fair to say that i `` sued the city for protecting kids '' ? 
  no , it 's misleading to say the least . 
   philip morris has spent tens of millions of dollars on a tactical move with little chance of success . 
  why ? 
  to discourage other countries from enacting similar legislation , while they wait for the result of the suit . 
  buying time , basically . 
  yeah , exactly my point . 
  firstly , the basis of that suit is * not * health regulation per se but expropriation of a trademark . 
  saying companies can sue government `` for protecting their youth '' is extremely misleading - they can sue for breach of specific clauses of trade agreements . 
  secondly , the suit has little chance of success , it is mostly a tactical move from philip morris . 
  i could also sue you tomorrow for some silly reason but it does n't mean your country 's judicial system is broken . 
  what counts is the result . 
  lastly , precisely because of the bad publicity brought by the above case , the eu negotiating mandate includes a clause designed to prevent companies from even * attempting * to sue in these sort of cases :  and should be without prejudice to the right of the eu and the member states to adopt and enforce , in accordance with their respective competences , measures necessary to pursue legitimate public policy objectives such as social , environmental , security , stability of the financial system , public health and safety in a non-discriminatory manner all of this makes for quite a different picture than the one painted by the statement `` tpp will offer a method by which companies can attack laws that affect them , suing governments through a tribunal for such offenses as trying to protect youth from cigarette marketing images '' ? 
  so no , i would n't trust that post as an honest , unbiased summary . 
  unless of course you 're not looking for that , but for confirmation of your preconceived opinions and fears, 
  it 's certainly made to * look * like a comprehensive , unbiased summary to someone who does n't know anything about the matter . 
  however , although i 'm not an expert myself , i do know a little bit and there are certain parts which i can recognize as highly misleading . 
  this for instance is a bunch of fear-mongering bullshit :  suing governments through a tribunal for such offenses as trying to protect youth from cigarette marketing images , trying to protect the environment from dangerous industrial contaminants , or even refusing to pass laws removing or suppressing regulations where beneficial to corporate activity so i advise not to trust that post too much . 
   so you think it \u00b4 s great to sue a country over their anti smoking campaign because it \u00b4 s not a `` general '' but some sort of `` specific condition '' wich was violated 1 . 
  i 'm not saying if it 's great or not , i 'm just refuting your assertion that companies can sue for anything that merely goes against their financial interests . 
  the philip morris suit has a small chance of success , it will probably be dismissed anyway . 
  ttip has introduced a clause specifically designed to make these sorts of suits impossible . 
   and you wan na tell me i do not need to worry especially as all those conditions are kept top secret ? 
  actually , i did n't say that . 
  i made a specific point but you seem unable to stick to the argument at hand and follow it through logically . 
  but since you brought it up - the conditions are only kept secret during negotiations , as is the case with virtually all international treaties ever . 
  no , i 'm not worried about it , though i do agree the process should be made as transparent as possible without compromising the negotiations . 
  ha , i am obviously not familiar with most of these cases . 
  but i happen to be familiar with at least two of them ( philip morris vs australia , ethyl vs canada ) and i know they are definitely * not * examples of companies suing for some general loss of investment , but for violations of specific conditions of trade agreements . 
  moreover , in the latter of the case the company was unequivocally right , as the canadian government instituted a discriminatory measure that was target against ethyl and did so under false pretenses , as the government internal documents clearly showed . 
  this tells me you probably just spewed a list of random isds cases which does n't answer my question at all . 
  companies can sue for discriminatory policies that violate specific terms of the agreement , not for some vague `` loss of investment '' . 
  the idea that companies would be able to challenge any policy that goes against their interests is just nonsense and fear mongering . 
  there are over 1400 isds clauses in trade agreements eu countries have signed - i challenge you to find a single example of the sort of thing you are talking about . 
  fortunately they can practise in their own rooms instead , since they were flooded . 
  yeah , lte is much better anyway . 
  to be fair , the comparison is misleading because that 's presidential elections as opposed to parliamentary ones . 
  though there still would be at least twice as many presidential candidates if we compared apples to apples . 
  i 'm not saying if austerity was right or wrong , but your statement is a fallacy . 
  austerity was employed ( no pun intended ) is countries that already were in economic crisis , so * of course * those countries have had lower growth . 
  it 's like saying hospitals make people sick because the ones who have recently visited them suffer more health problems than average . 
   great heroes get to be called righteous among the nations ( righteous in favour of jews , of course ) excuse me ? 
  righteous in favour of people being murdered by the millions . 
  have you just got caught up in the discussion or do you really mean to imply there are multiple viewpoints about saving people from holocaust ? 
  right , because the issue is so clear-cut that the only reason why someone would abstain is to pander to the us . 
   what ? 
  i 'm yet to demonstrate my view ? 
  you are yet to demonstrate that it holds water . 
  i do n't dismiss anything , i am open arguments . 
  however , you have failed to provide them . 
  you have presented no concrete arguments that religious beliefs have played a significant role in fuelling the conflict , other than that they * could * . 
  maybe you do n't understand what i mean by concrete arguments . 
  for instance , if you showed examples where either side regularly used religious rhetoric to justify its actions or to stir people up - this would be a strong argument . 
  you 've given nothing like this , no historical or social facts whatsoever . 
  of course logic must be applied in any debate . 
  but logic operates on facts and concrete information , which your posts are low on . 
   i fail to see how this statement does not contradict what you say next correlation does n't imply causation . 
  when a and b correlate , it does n't necessarily imply one is caused by the other , it 's also possible they have a common cause c.  i 'm not placing all blame on religion . 
  i 'm merely saying it is a relevant factor and a contributor to the conflict . 
  you are yet to demonstrate it . 
  you just keep making a purely logical argument , attempting to prove your point based on correlations and inference from general principles . 
  this reasoning goes only so far and quickly becomes frustrating to discuss against . 
  yes , religion profoundly influences one 's worldview and yes , there is a strong correlation between religion and political views in the ulster conflict . 
  no , neither of this implies religion is responsible . 
  either you are gon na make a more concrete argument and show exactly when and how religious beliefs contributed to the conflict , or this discussion will remain hollow . 
   i do n't see how you justify the claim that religion does not inform their decisions ( as is necessarily implied when you claim religion is not part of the problem ) this is incorrect . 
  it only implies religion does n't inform the particular decisions related to the conflict . 
   that 's what they want you to think . 
  we 're in a huge crisis because of the structural weakness of the financial sector . 
  that 's what caused the 2008 crisis , which worsened the economic situation and in turn suddenly made the structural deficits unsustainable . 
  but this would n't have happened if those countries were more responsible and did n't rely on foreign borrowing so much . 
  look at my country , poland , for an example of what happened if you were more responsible . 
  the crisis just exposed the vulnerability of countries which were borrowing too much because they were spending too much . 
  and crises happen - if it was n't this one , it would be something else down the road , and the problem would be exposed sooner or later with similar results . 
  that 's why it 's not the financial sector that holds the fundamental blame . 
   ireland is in the mess it is in not because of government spending , but because the state took the liabilities of private banks onto its balance sheet . 
  compelled by the ecb . 
  yes , exactly . 
  and this is exactly why after a few tough years ireland is showing signs of recovery and is bouncing back much quicker than the big spenders in the south . 
  same with estonia and other baltic countries . 
   well i think such a debate is over . 
  the record is nowhere near as clear and simple as you are painting it . 
  i could just as well provide you with a list of examples of high taxes and government spending `` failing again and again and again '' .
