  but it already is the case !, 
  drugs and equipment are patentable and for the duration of the patent they are sold exclusively by the company holding the rights . 
  yet , there still exists competition and drugs are not ridiculously expansive . 
  it 's funny you chose the one part that would n't change . 
   yes but i can give you dozens of countries where public healthcare works great and there is n't one where private one works . 
  usa , the most powerful country failed here . 
  what would you think could make it work ? 
  any sane implementation . 
  healthcare in the us is an awful mixture of government and the private sector . 
  it hardly counts as an example , to be honest . 
   you probably should care if they make a profit , and how much profit because that adds to the price of whatever your trying to buy ... and lower prices does work best for the the consumers . 
  that 's just faulty logic . 
  you would be right if profit was the only factor , but there are other factors and they are entangled . 
  we choose between entire economic systems and they all have their advantages and disadvantages . 
  it is a package deal , you ca n't cherry-pick the ingredients and say `` i would like a system with all the advantages of capitalism but without the profit part '' . 
  it ai n't mcdonald 's . 
  as i said , it only makes sense to compare end results . 
  you should not care if somebody makes a profit . 
   i 'll be sure let homeless and people who use foodbanks know this is the case ... of course it is . 
  that there are some homeless people does n't negate the fact that our economic system works very well . 
  i did n't say it was perfect . 
  you really need to get some perspective , mate . 
  as for the rest of your post , i 'm afraid i 'm not interested in discussing particularities of the british housing market right now . 
  i asked a concrete economic question which you apparently do n't want to address . 
   because human life is not a resource you can put a price on . 
  i do n't know what it 's supposed to mean . 
  human life is not a resource here , doctors and medical equipment are . 
   seriously , go see how it works in usa . 
  not great , so ? 
  do you think one example of a bad private system discredits the idea ? 
  i could give you dozens of countries with bad public healthcare . 
  obviously , i do n't want to copy usa 's mistakes . 
  by the way , medical care is by far the most regulated market in the usa . 
   private healthcare without presence of public one simply does n't work so please stop this nonsense . 
  maybe so , but you have n't explained why . 
  still waiting for an economical answer as to what makes healthcare market so different from every other market . 
  did you mean to respond to somebody else ? 
  because your reply is very vaguely relevant to my post . 
   i did n't say it had been , but there is increasing privatisation , which i disagree with , because i believe that healthcare is n't something to be exploited for profit . 
  i , on the other hand , could n't care less if somebody makes a profit , all i 'm interested in is what works best for the consumers . 
  you are either : a ) against profiting from healthcare per se , i.e. 
  for purely ideological , non-pragmatic reasons b ) concerned for the consumers and you imply that if somebody makes a profit then the consumer gets screwed . 
  the former is clearly silly . 
  if we took it to the logical conclusion then we 'd consider doctors to be evil , earning their living by profiting from the misery of the sick etc. 
  i 'm going to assume it is the latter , then . 
  well , we know it is not true in general - such implication is known a zero-sum game fallacy , long disproven by economic science . 
  we know that in a free market it is possible for both sides of an exchange to benefit . 
  it has been the underlying principle of our economic system . 
  so my question is : why is healthcare supposed to be an exception ? 
  what makes healthcare so drastically different from all the other kinds of services and goods that private enterprise successfully provides to the great benefit of consumers ? 
  just please do n't say `` necessity '' because it is no more necessary than food or shelter - and those have worked pretty well without nationalization . 
   your country is not following these treaties every single year : but it 's also not comparing treaty obligations to being treated like children . 
   they had growth of 5-10 % before the crisis . 
  suddenly , structural factors limit growth to 5 % , and decreasing ? 
  seriously ? 
  no , the fact that most of europe is still in a crisis is what limits growth . 
  these are small countries with tiny internal markets , so they 're vulnerable to international situation . 
  secondly , it is a bad assumption that growth is always supposed to go back to pre-recession levels . 
  maybe the old rate was unsustainable and that was the reason the crash was so bad in the first place . 
  artificially stimulating the economy instead of allowing the market to correct itself leads to bubbles . 
  if according to you a 4,7 % average growth during the last 3 years ( all the while the eu as a whole experienced a second dip and went into recession again ) is not even `` half-decent '' , then i wonder what it would take to fulfill your criteria of a successful recovery . 
  recovery of all three baltic states is good , considering the circumstances . 
  while it is true that * some * rebound is usually bound to happen with a recession of that size , they clearly must have done something right and you can not just ignore it . 
  the anti-austerity crowd are in serious denial over the baltic states . 
  first you say countries ca n't get out of a recession by budget cuts , i give you a contrary example , then you say the example does n't matter because they had a recession , so it was easy for them to grow back . 
  wtf ? 
  all three baltic states have been growning a few times faster than the eu average following the crippling recessions they experienced in 2009 . 
  while their gdp still has n't caught up to the pre-crisis levels , unlike other hard-hit countries they are enjoying steady recovery . 
   i do n't think there is a successful example of a country making it out of recession by cutting on everything . 
  try the baltic states just now . 
  it 's not neighbours but those pesky little elves who make the noise . 
   or jfk . 
  yeah , he got assassinated ( for the records : most likely by the cia for pissing them with being `` too soft on the commies '' ) . 
  oh and i think roosvelt got shot too . 
  he was just badass enough to shrug it ahah . 
  reagan was shot as well , which does n't fit your conspiracy theory . 
  i think most people here are aware of basic maths , thank you . 
  you would have contributed a lot more by comparing the actual data instead of making a pointlessly smug remark . 
  since it * is * an interesting question , i 've looked up [ the stats ] ( http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=pg78h3gmq4ci_#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=i2000&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=country_group&amp;idim=country_group:eu:non-eu&amp;idim=country:ie&amp;ifdim=country_group&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en_us&amp;ind=false ) . 
  at the current rate , ireland 's gdp will have bounced back to its pre-crisis level by the end of the year . 
  first of all , i appreciate you taking the time to respond like this , i really do . 
   as someone from southern spain i 'm sevillian , andaluc\u00edan , spanish , european , and western . 
  there are more things that define me as well , but it 's a huge list . 
  you get the point : we all have a lot of things we identify with . 
  what nationalism is though is taking a specific cultural identity and telling people who feel identified with it `` hey , you should have a state of your own '' . 
  problem number one , this ignores all other forms of identity : it 's saying this one identity is so important it needs a government and administration for itself where all the others are n't . 
  you do have various levels of administration that roughly correspond to other forms of identity . 
  sevillians have a city council , andalucians have municipal authorities , europeans have the eu , etc. 
  these are all various levels of autonomies . 
  independence , though , is a special kind of autonomy , radically different in many respects to all others and you have to draw the line somewhere . 
  you say there is no logical reason why it should be drawn at the national identity level . 
  where else then ? 
  you could say the same about any other identity . 
  it seems to me like you effectively oppose the idea of a state because , according to your logic , there is no good reason to create it at any level . 
   do you think it 's a coincidence that catalanoia and euskadi are the richest regions in the country and galicia and the canary islands among the poorest ? 
  hint : it 's not . 
  sure it is n't , but it does n't necessarily imply what you say it does . 
  ordinary citizens also have motivations for not sharing their income with other , poorer regions . 
  you do have a good point regarding how national identity has been used by the elites both historically and ( to a lesser degree ) today , but i think you are overstating it a bit . 
  there are other factors behind the emergence of national identities in the 18th century and there are certainly other major factor behind contemporary separatist movements .
