  and i 'm a programmer . 
  i 'm sure they 'd appreciate the irony . 
  logical next step : thatcher reincarnates into a frenchwoman and comes to power . 
  `` the lady wo n't roll over . '', 
   * complete * reliance on austerity was not `` a reasonable '' way to go [ in ireland ] `` austerity does n't work and should n't be used troika in other countries '' * sigh *, 
  of course , the ideal situation is when there is an evenly distributed economic growth . 
  it may or may not have been possible to stimulate the same amount of growth , just differently distributed , but she did at least improve over the status quo . 
  so it is very misleading to take inequality in isolation and imply she made things worse . 
   * ignoring the fact that she ruined the whole nation 's industry you mean an industry that had been generating losses for a long time , artificially supported at the expanse of the rest of the country ? 
  if you have any doubt if it was sustainable , look the similar fate of mining industries in france , germany , or poland . 
  unless you think their collapse is also thatcher 's doing . 
   increased economic inequality by an insane amount a great example why looking at inequality in isolation can be misleading . 
  the 70s were a period of general stagnation . 
  then , during the thatcher 's rule every income group gained , with the upper brackets gaining more than the lower ones . 
  so yeah , inequality increased , but which path is better ? 
  would you rather everybody was in a shithole as long as they were more equal ? 
  good , just what we 've been waiting for . 
  watch tomorrow 's news : polish tanks capture berlin in a stunning blitzkrieg . 
  if the situation in the ussr was anything like in poland , free housing was a benefit for the few . 
  usually , you to be on a waiting list for many years to have a chance to * buy * one . 
  likewise for cars . 
  almost everything was scarce . 
  no , the point is there are plenty of countries with a human rights record as bad as , or worse than israel 's . 
  china , russia , belarus , egypt , iran , syria - heck , half the arabic countries ... 
  but the union did n't make similar statements about any of them , did they ? 
  they singled out the israelis and we 're supposed to believe their intentions are pure and apolitical . 
   that does n't make it infallible or moral though , since not everyone within the process has an equal amount of power , and not everyone has benevolent or neutral intentions . 
  but the same is true , to an even greater degree , of any political process that would aim to correct the outcomes . 
  it just makes things worse , on the whole . 
   ` the free market will fix it ' , right ? 
  how is this in any way related to what i said there ? 
   i take it , then , that you 're against these recent caps on banker bonuses ? 
  yes , i think they are a superficial non-solution that does nothing to address the real source of the problems . 
  they will have no effect on economy at large or well-being of average people , it 's just populism . 
   i mean , they make that money via the market , so therefore it 's perfectly reasonable for them to have it . 
  it would be if the market worked properly , as opposed to being terribly distorted by all sorts of bad incentives and regulations that undermine its basic mechanisms . 
  that 's the real source of the problems i mentioned . 
   while that may be what ` the market ' ( vague as that line is ) accepts , that does n't mean it 's right . 
  the market is nothing more than the sum of decisions made by people . 
  in this case , the clubs earn this much because people are willing to pay a certain amount for tickets , sky subscriptions , merchandise , and half-time pies . 
  the market is a balance that has emerged based on individuals making free choices on how to spend their own money . 
  this seems to me like the fairest and most democratic way to determine the value of something . 
  according to you , on the other hand , the better way is to override that collective determination of value and instead arbitrarily decide how much footballers `` deserve '' , based on a subjective , unquantifiable sense of fairness . 
  i 've always thought that 's quite a self-righteous position to take . 
  percent vs percentage points . 
  interesting point about the asymmetry of movement of people . 
  however , i disagree about your conclusion - the often-painted picture of exploitation and `` slave economy '' , as you put it , is wrong . 
  not that there is n't room to improve , but people in the developing countries still benefit enormously from globalization as it stands . 
  the average urban wage in china has grown an astounding 6 times since 1995 . 
  * 6 times !, 
  * in the last decade global inequality ( between countries ) has decreased for the first time since the industrial revolution . 
   as a japanese citizen consort , i wish that it was as easy to get the right to live in eu for them than it is to send money to a bank account . 
  do realize the fundamental reason why this ca n't happen ? 
  the welfare state . 
  [ milton friedman explained it brilliantly ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eyjibsgdse ) . 
  they are n't insolvent so there 's no reason for them to go bankrupt ... oh wait , you 're just pandering , it was n't supposed to make sense . 
  carry on then . 
   i had the eurogroup in mind where each minister has one vote since these decisions are not made by the parliament , just approved by it - unfortunately . 
  i 'm unclear on what you mean by eurogroup . 
  the council of the european union , which is composed of heads of governments or ministers in charge of the relevant area , does follow a population-dependent qualified majority voting . 
   agreed on the legality of the bailouts . 
  i was n't talking about laws though but principles or ideals on which the rationale for the eu was based upon . 
  well , my point is that the equality principle does n't preclude weighing country sizes in how much say they have , seeing how it is the rule in both legislative bodies of the eu . 
   because at least to me the broad claim that the voting power depends on the size implies that this is in some way proportional . 
  but it is proportional , just not directly proportional , 
  i do n't see how what i said is misleading . 
  i said the number of members depends on the population - which it very heavily does , even if it is n't directly proportionate . 
  germany still has 99 members , compared to malta 's 6 , meaning it has 16,5 times more voting power . 
  the op said that , under the eu equality principle , bigger countries do n't have more say in decisions than smaller ones . 
  it is wrong . 
   although sensible , this violates basic eu principles of equality irrespective of the size of the country and its national economy . 
  i think this is a misunderstanding . 
  firstly , the voting power in eu institutions has always been dependent on the size of the country . 
  it 's true of not only the european parliament , where number of members obviously depends on population , but also - and this is perhaps a less known fact - in the council of the european union , where most decisions are [ made by a qualified majority ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#qualified_majority_voting ) . 
  but more importantly , bailouts are not legally imposed by the european institutions , they are voluntary agreements between countries , merely brokered by the eu . 
   unlike giving blank checks to private companies , which is ok . 
  this has never happened , anywhere . 
  then what would the best terms possible be ? 
  how do you decide what 's possible ? 
  maybe no interest at all - that 's also * possible * , so why not ? 
  the only point of reference is the market rate which reflects investors ' assessment of the risk involved . 
  anything below it means the lender is taking more risk than an impartial investor would consider reasonable . 
  how big a risk do you think citizens of the lending countries should take for it to be fair ? 
  there is no such thing `` help keep the peace '' with weapons or aid yes , there fucking is when a wholly peaceful country is being invaded , possibly with nuclear weapons , by the 4th largest army in the world led by an mad , irrational dictator . 
  if seoul is overrun and raped , you wo n't stop it by `` spreading freedoms '' . 
  by the way , i think one of the reasons why people are sceptical about biological factors is they assume their impact must be linearly proportional to the size of the difference . 
  for example , they assume that if the reason for 95 % of mathematicians being male ( i.e. 
  20:1 men-to-women ratio ) was biological , it would mean women are 20 times less mathematically talented . 
  obviously , people find it difficult to accept . 
  however , there are mechanisms by which the relation can be exponential . 
  a relatively small difference in aptitude may produce a big disparity . 
  the 48 % of effects determined to be small can still have a significant impact . 
   i 'm not dogmatically against biological factors , i 'm against the automatic assumption that they 're significant . 
  ok , i can agree with that . 
  i think what you said in your original post sounded different , i 'm glad we 've cleared it up . 
  your statement that `` all gender differences are small to insignificant '' is a lot stronger than the one put forward by the study you linked :  here , the author advances a very different view , the gender similarities hypothesis , which holds that ** males and females are similar on most , but not all , psychological variables ** . 
  results from a review of 46 meta-analyses support the gender similarities hypothesis . 
  ** gender differences can vary substantially in magnitude at different ages and depend on the context in which measurement occurs ** . 
  [ emphasis mine ] of course , gender differences are much smaller than it was assumed historically , or even compared the current media narrative . 
  obviously , we should be extremely careful about jumping to conclusions about either gender 's inherent predispositions in whatever area .
