  neither of those sources say anything resembling your statement that `` the only possible outcome [ in free-market capitalism ] is a monopoly '' . 
   the growth and profit models necessary , make it impossible for markets to be self sustainable . 
  the only possible outcome is a monopoly . 
  what a ridiculous statement , good luck finding a single respected modern economist who agrees . 
  or far-left . 
  it just seems like it could be yet another repeated myth of the kind the article is debunking , which is why i 'm sceptical . 
  anyway , even if people are n't usually extradited in such cases , it does n't means it 's right . 
  perhaps they * should * be but the justice system is too lazy and it takes a publicized case to take action . 
  it 's natural for celebrity cases to receive special attention , so even if assange 's case is handled with an unusual amount of energy , it 's not suspicious by itself . 
  do you have a citation for that ? 
   the article is a good read and nice for extra info , but it is rather one-sided against assange . 
  it does n't address for example , the methods employed by the us against wikileaks ( mastercard anyone ? 
  ) , the suspicious nature of the timing of charges and why on earth an interpol warrant was used . 
  that 's because the article is n't about the nature of the allegations , or whether or not assange is guilty ; it is concerned strictly with the legal issues surrounding the case . 
  no , he 's gone from mr socialist to mr normal . 
  of course he is correct , living costs are definitely much smaller in poland than in western countries . 
  when you adjust average wages according to purchase power party , the gap becomes significantly smaller . 
  edit : and now i 'm being downvoted too . 
  perhaps people doing it could contribute to the discussion and explain how exactly they think it 's incorrect ? 
  what nation is that ? 
  thatcher 's critics tend to have a convenient yet disingenuous habit of talking as if the north had been doing very well before thatcher and it could 've gone on that way if it was n't for her reforms . 
  the fact is , it relied on industry that was inefficient and outdated , artificially kept alive at the expanse of the rest of the country , by subsidies which kept rising every year , dragging down the whole economy . 
  it was headed for collapse one way or another , as illustrated by decline of mining areas all over europe - france , germany ( ruhr ) , poland ( upper silesian industrial region ) went through the same in the past three decades . 
  one can certainly argue that thatcher could have carried out the reforms differently , done more to ease the transition and help people recover . 
  but to say the north is poorer than the south thanks to thatcher , as if it would be the case otherwise , is bollocks . 
   it was fucking amazing , ** and ** i am british !, 
  ftfy brits tend to be self-deprecating , so that 's saying a lot , 
  i do n't . 
  it was still wild speculation . 
  as i said , it 's accusing for little to no reason someone who 's just suffered a tragic loss that they secretly did it themselves . 
  it 's insensitive to say the least . 
  equally critical . 
  and if he 'd posted it on reddit i might have responded as well . 
   he said that it 's pure speculation at the very beginning of his posting . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  ca n't * you * ? 
  i know it is , i said so myself . 
  and that 's what i find distasteful - speculating for no reason that someone who 's just suffered a loss secretly did it themselves as a ploy . 
  i find such baseless speculation so soon after the tragedy distasteful . 
  and to think that as i clicked on this thread i actually thought , `` at least this is the first israel-related post that 's not gon na turn into a tired bash fest . '', 
   i do not see the ` she ' or any other reference to angela merkel in kartraith post you 're right . 
  sorry , my mistake !, 
   you seem to suggest there was an ` initiative ' by the court , it was n't my intention to suggest that . 
  by saying she 's backing down ? 
   back down - ( intr , adverb ) to withdraw an earlier claim, 
   true , but they did compare them . 
  if you say `` this is the worst thing since . . '' you are putting them on equal level . 
  of course you are not . 
  while you are emphasising the weight of the new event , you are n't necessarily implying it is of the same magnitude as the past one . 
  it 's just not what this structure means , neither logically nor by convention . 
  she 's not backing down as it was n't her initiative , but a court ruling . 
  gosh , it seems the moment / r/europe feels strongly about something , rationality and accuracy go out the window . 
  one comment unnecessarily twists and exaggerates the comments of the jewish community , another calls merkel a dictator because voicing an opinion that disagrees with a court ruling apparently implies `` putting yourself about the law '' ( facepalm.jpg ) , finally the above non-sequitur . 
  even though i actually support the ban , i find myself constantly arguing and correcting other supporters . 
  guys , we 're supposed to be better than this . 
   if you ca n't tell the difference between genocide and not being allowed to mutilate your children , you have a serious problem . 
  they did n't equate them , no need to twist their words . 
   the main political issues in poland are name calling issues ... the two main parties just do n't get along and not much gets done . 
  the po-psl coalition government has a majority in the parliament as well as an acquiescent president , so they have full power . 
  last year po became the first party to win the general elections for a second consecutive time , a milestone in stabilization of the political scene . 
  since then they have been pushing through some difficult , important , long-overdue reforms . 
  there are a couple logical mistakes here . 
  firstly , correlation does n't mean causation . 
  the revenue decrease was n't necessarily caused by the tax increase , it 's also possible consumption was falling anyway and the tax increase had a positive effect on revenue , saving it from falling even more . 
  you need more arguments to support your conclusion . 
  secondly , even if you are right , it does n't automatically mean the same will happen in spain . 
  like the kind of respect you have for people of different political views , calling them `` either stupid , deceiving hypocrites , or both '' ? 
  you are tolerant to others ... as long as they have the same views . 
  simply brilliant . 
  jesus , you are completely hopeless , all you do is speak in absolutes and sweeping generalizations . 
  let me give you a taste of your own rhetoric , reversed : as the ultimate form of regulation is a centrally-planned economy , like in countries of the former communist bloc , in the face of all that the disasters that regulation has brought , you still believe it 's positive ? 
  good luck responding to this . 
  actually hrodrik made it very clear just below that he/she is , in fact , talking about * literally all * right-wingers . 
  i 'm definitely saving that image , though , 
  it does n't seem so from his other post in this thread , or the fact that he 's referring to greed which is n't a quality commonly associated with nazism or fascism in particular , but rather a stereotype that left-wingers like to pin on right-wingers in general . 
  i would love to be wrong , though . 
   there is a reason why most scientists have left-wing views . 
  nice [ fallacy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_authority ) you 've got there . 
   and it 's surely not because they 're stupid or selfish . 
  why not , you 're making and equally sweeping statement about literally billions of people . 
   can you give me an example of how a right winger could be a rational person instead of someone either misguided or greedy ? 
  this wins the prize for the most ridiculous , narrow-minded statement i 've read in / r/europe and the fact that it 's so highly upvoted makes me feel like i do n't want to participate in this subreddit any more . 
   an example of a policy that the right wing flaunts that would be regarded as progressive or , at least , positive ? 
  economic freedom . 
  i 'm afraid you are misunderstanding keynesian theory . 
  keynes was talking about the government injecting extra money into the economy , money which otherwise would n't have been there . 
  keynesian principles are irrelevant to private sector spending - that money is * already * in the economy . 
  so when you say :  however , keynesian economics tells us that this will translate into an additional $ 180 of spending throughout the economy . 
  no , it wo n't . 
  these dollars are n't new . 
  if they were n't paid to those minimum-wage employees , they would be paid to other , higher-earning employees , or they would be invested . 
  they would be circulating anyway . 
  thanks for a serious answer , you have an interesting take . 
  your theory relies on the assumption that the minimum wage determines the pay of a large percentage of employees . 
  however , vast majority of employees are not affected - they earn more than the minimum anyway . 
  moreover , i suspect the percentage of minimum wage earners is even lower in large corporations than it is in the whole economy , as most corporate jobs are not that type . 
  the short-term consequences are the primary concern right now , though . 
  we are in the middle of a crisis and unemployment is high , the french government should be dealing with that first . 
  we can debate if minimum wage is good or bad in general , but either way it 's clear that now is not the time to raise it . 
  you are assuming they were appropriate to begin with .
