  i 'm not telling myself anything . 
  i do n't live in germany and i have no opinion on the matter , this is the first time i 've heard of it . 
  someone i do n't personally know ( you ) made a very serious statement without providing any concrete facts , so like any rational person i asked for evidence before deciding what to believe . 
  put yourself in my position . 
  according to you , knowing nothing about german police before , i should now believe it is deeply corrupt and full of fascists , just because some stranger on the internet said so . 
  and asking for facts to back it up is apparently akin to holocaust denying . 
  dude , just look at what you 're saying . 
   is n't the fact that the president of the federal intelligence agency handed his resignation over the issue and the evidence from negligence to document destruction colleagues ? 
  yes , that 's exactly the kind of facts i asked about . 
   what is the kind of proof that would convince you ? 
  that is the reason i 'm saying it 's a bubble . 
  any kind of credible evidence . 
  your first post was nothing but empty statements . 
   even after it was proven that the interior ministry on all possible levels has been covering neo-nazi terrorists for over a decade . 
  again , this tell me nothing . 
  proven how and by whom ? 
  are you talking about journalists or was there an official investigation ? 
  either way , could you please link me to the sources ( i speak some german but english would be preferable ) ? 
   we also had concentration camps for gays , gypsies , communists , nationalists ... 
  exactly , concentration camps , as opposed extermination camps . 
  the inmates were detained and used as forced labourers for a few years following the civil war , and while some of them died , most were eventually set free . 
  yes , i think it 's not in the same league as auschwitz . 
   he targeted ethnicities inside spain and forbade their languages , cultures , pagan celebrations ... 
  yes , he did . 
  now , had he also made catalans and basques wear armbands , refused them civil rights * by birth * , put every single one of them in camps and finally had them all murdered , then he would be as bad as hitler . 
  if he ordered to destroy barcelona and bilbao until [ `` they completely disappeared from the surface of the earth and no stone remained standing '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/planned_destruction_of_warsaw ) , then he would rival hitler . 
  honestly , no sane person is denying franco 's crimes but he was a dictator like many others . 
  hitler was ... well , hitler . 
  do you have anything to back this up ? 
  first of all , it 's worth mentioning that franco was a complicated figure and , despite his crimes , not in the same league of evil as hitler . 
  but do n't beat yourself up too much , it 's not only in spain . 
  in italy some people enjoy nostalgia for mussolini and his granddaughter 's party was recently in the government . 
  salazar is still very popular in portugal . 
  and this is before we even get to communist tyrants . 
  western europe has never experienced the left side of political extremism , so it 's not nearly as ostracised as fascism . 
  i 'm polish and the naivety and widespread sympathy for communist leaders gives me chills . 
  a few months ago the french city of montpellier raised a statue of mao zedong , saying he `` restored dignity of the chinese nation '' . 
  in 2010 they commemorated lenin . 
  they 'd been planning on building one for stalin as well but decided it was `` too early for that '' . 
  fuck spain ? 
  no , fuck us all . 
  sure , you may choose to disregard the context and overall message of the article in your interpretation . 
  you may also choose to cross off an entire publication based on a single out-of-context sentence by one of its journalists . 
  but i think it 's silly . 
  context . 
  they 're saying montebourg is out of touch because he just keeps blaming france 's troubles on said greed , instead of focusing on basic problems of french economy . 
  i think it is a disastrous idea . 
  with all the existing supplies just lying around everywhere , it is impossible to effectively enforce the ban . 
  lots of people are stupid and just want to drink , so a large black market will instantly emerge and people will buy alcohol from random unknown sources . 
  at least before they could buy from known outlets . 
  it will be easier than ever to introduce bootleg alcohol and criminals will be on the case within days , making money . 
  there will be more tainted alcohol sold and more deaths . 
  what a terrible , terrible idea . 
  edit : downvoted for politely stating a clearly-explained opinion ... 
  i have n't and i do n't know what you mean ... 
  though i must say i 'm intrigued . 
  lots of nations in the world have been oppressed , often much worse than palestinians , yet they did n't resort to sending child suicide bombers to kill civilians . 
  there no justification for that . 
  by the way , if we are considering extenuating circumstances then israelis have some of their own too . 
  i do n't understand your point of view . 
  did you forget about the crimes committed by palestinians ? 
  suicide bombings , rocket attacks , murdering of innocent civilians ? 
  palestine is ruled by a party which is considered by most a terrorist organization and whose [ statute goal is to destroy israel ] ( http://www.fas.org/irp/world/para/docs/880818a.htm ) , for god 's sake . 
  so yeah , if you think israel deserves boycotting then palestine does as well . 
  if you consider the magnitude of israel 's transgressions to be worthy of a boycott , then to be fair and consistent you should boycott most of the middle eastern countries - in particular , palestine . 
  do you ? 
  i know , i was deliberately reductionistic because i wanted to point out the simplism of incitinghatred 's summary . 
  and the criteria for statehood are a great more complex than `` a group can be independent if it wants , because self-determination , duh '' . 
  exactly my point . 
  is the fact that a group of people living in a certain territory wants to secede a sufficient reason ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  if a small town suddenly wants to separate , should they be allowed to ? 
  clearly the principle of self-determination is not an absolute and is n't the only rule at play . 
  i agree the tone of the request is key , but the thing is we do n't know what it is really like , because there are no quotes in the spiegel article . 
  `` we demand the right to veto any deal we do n't like '' is very different than `` we would like to be consulted about deals that may threaten our security '' . 
  that said , netanyahu 's government has had more than its fair share of diplomatic blunders , so i would n't rule out either . 
   germany is , israel is major non-nato ally . 
  this is a title given by the us , so i 'm actually not sure it 's relevant . 
  however , `` israel and germany maintain a `` special relationship '' based on shared beliefs , western values and a combination of historical perspectives '' [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/israel_foreign_relations#germany ) and they `` have significant and long-standing military cooperation . '', 
  [ [ 2 ] ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany%e2%80%93israel_relations#military_cooperation ), 
  we are talking about military exports , though , which have always been a special case and subject to political influences . 
  further , we are talking about allies and it 's not unusual for allies to consult and coordinate stuff like this . 
  like i said , israel 's request is a hefty one but it 's not outrageous . 
  israel is concerned about arming countries that have attacked it in the past or are openly hostile , so israel asks an ally to consult their decisions . 
  please tell me , which part of this is idiocy ? 
  it is a hefty request , for sure , but it is perfectly understandable israelis want to try everything they can to protect themselves . 
  on the other hand , it would be also understandable for germans not to agree to such favour . 
  why is that ? 
   a nuclear power plant 's output can not be modulated because the nuclear reaction can not be modulated . 
  of course it can , fission can be regulated by inserting and removing fuel rods . 
  it 's the basic principle of how nuclear reactors work . 
   i 'm sorry , but that sounds like intellectual dishonesty from your part , because you clearly deem that multiculturalism does n't work . 
  now if one comes into that conclusion , then that conclusion has real world consequences , and should make clear what he or she thinks those consequences should be . 
  i do n't see how jrohila is being intellectually dishonest . 
  political consequences are of course important , but they are a whole another , broad subject and it 's perfectly understandable to want to focus on academical , historical discussion . 
  firstly , there is a reason i said * modern * economist , which is that we have learnt quite a bit about economics since the middle of 19th century . 
  in this case , though , marx remains basically correct , at least about the bare facts ( a modern economist would likely use a more positive rhetoric in their description ) . 
  anyway , of course it is common knowledge that markets tend to evolve towards consolidation , but it is still very different than a monopoly . 
  a quick glance at the modern economy shows that mature markets are consolidated , but not so much as to eliminate competition . 
  monopolies are not a rule , let alone the only possible outcome .
