  this is such a typical example of how red tape disproportionately hurts small businesses and creates barriers of entry that benefit big businesses . 
  one thing i 've noticed is that to most people around here the term `` regulations '' carries solely positive connotations . 
  they are seen as a weapon against corporations and the only thing stopping them from running rampant . 
  the fact that regulations often paradoxically play into the hands of corporations rarely enters people 's minds . 
  discussions about ttip illustrate those sentiments very well . 
  the greatest criticism is usually that it 's going to `` reduce regulations '' . 
  no specifics , just a blanket statement - it will reduce regulations , therefore it 's bad . 
  because regulations are good . 
  it is all a matter of leverage . 
  the presenters had a very strong position in contract negotiations and it 's not clear the bbc could force a non-compete clause in their contracts . 
   there 's not a snowball 's chance in hell the trio has n't signed a non-competition agreement with the bbc as part of the topgear brand protection . 
  why would they have signed it ? 
  such contracts are usually signed when you leave and the company ca n't just make you sign it , they must have some leverage ( such as a fat check in exchange ) . 
  the presenters did n't expect for top gear to end and they did n't have any incentive to sign a no-compete anyway . 
   there are so many people outside ( and inside ) of poland who did their best to bring down the iron curtain , and the best one can come up with is ronald reagan ? 
  why not ? 
  reagan was clearly one of the people who contributed the most to the fall of the soviet union . 
  no , poland stayed in place , it was the earth that moved beneath it . 
  is it ? 
  since when ? 
  i certainly hope not . 
   well , if a country of 80 millions only 14 % of senior management positions are held by women it surely means that german women are either intellectually inferior to men or that system is rigged against them . 
  guess what is more likely . 
  these are not the only possible reasons . 
  the third is that fewer women aspire to that sort of career for whatever reason . 
  this statistic does n't necessarily prove anything , depending on the definition of promiscuous . 
  ratatosk123 clearly meant it as `` indiscriminate in their choice of partners , willing to have sex with many people '' as opposed to `` actually has sex with many people '' . 
  since it 's easier for women to obtain sex , they may have more partners despite being less promiscuous , because men have harder time exercising their promiscuity , so to speak . 
  please point out the exact quote , because i do n't see this . 
  by the way , consider article has been published on a website called `` truepublica - unmasking misinformation , disinformation and propaganda '' , written based on a report from 3 organizations that staunchly oppose gmo ... 
  i like how you 've managed to stage this as `` people vs corporations '' . 
  guess what , i 'm not a corporation and i 'm against this unscientific fear-mongering . 
  also there are some powerful interest groups campaigning against gmo . 
  anyway , the whole discussion started with ttip and you still have n't provided a source indicating that ttip aims to prohibit countries from introducing mandatory gmo labeling . 
  since i do n't even know if the basic premise behind the discussion is true , i 'm not gon na spend any more time here . 
   colour of trucks would be relevant if people ate trucks . 
  my point is that the colour of trucks is just as irrelevant as whether something is gmo or not . 
   besides people do n't care about these information or whatever else you 're going to make up , but they care about gmo . 
  i 'm not denying they care . 
  i 'm saying their fear is irrational . 
  well , but that logic we could label the brand and colour of the truck that delivered the produce to the shop . 
  obviously , the desire to be informed is only rational if the information is in any way relevant . 
  the rational ( though probably not very useful , in practice ) thing would be to label the exact sort of crop strain , gmo or not . 
  but whether a strain was designed via genetic modification or selective breeding does n't matter by itself and tells you nothing relevant . 
  again , could you please provide some sort of a source ? 
  anyway , your conclusion is demonstrably wrong , as there are * already * `` gmo-free '' labels on many products even though it 's not required . 
  if people fear gmo then companies are gon na use it to their advantage and you are gon na be able to buy non-gmo stuff if you so wish . 
  not that it matters , really , because there is no rational reason to avoid gmo as a consumer , according to the scientific consensus . 
  yeah , he probably should have said `` can '' instead of `` are '' patented . 
  which still nullifies * your * argument and makes the patent issue is completely independent from the gmo issue . 
   funny , polish farmers somehow can harvest and plant these `` patented '' seeds as much as they want . 
  well , maybe they use old strains , which either were never patented or their patents have expired . 
  do you have a source saying the current ttip draft includes a provision prohibiting labeling gmo ? 
  because it sounds ridiculous and seems unlikely to me . 
   opinions of this man 's work are highly controversial at best . 
  no , at worst . 
  there are much more widely regarded as successful . 
  do n't you realize that 's the case with every international treaty ? 
  that 's just how it works , they are not part of national laws . 
  i guess you must oppose any and all international agreements . 
  based on what ? 
  too low compared to what ? 
  then please answer my question . 
   polish number is probably cooked so hard it burns . 
  or the methodology is questionable . 
  why ? 
  i mean , besides the fact it does n't fit your subjective impression or the national tendency to complain . 
  the distinction may be somewhat academical , since in practice capitalism and free market are sold as a package deal , but they are still independent concepts . 
   capitalism is a way of determining the value of things . 
  no , that 's free market . 
  self_detonator is right that capitalism is about property rights . 
  my understanding is that the state does n't own enough housing , which is why it has to rent from private entities in the first place . 
  if the deal so easy and profitable , then the government should be able to negotiate nice discounts , right ? 
  you 're speaking as if the companies had all the advantages and a very large customer ( the government ) had no bargaining power . 
   it seems to me that anything that is making a business out it is abusing of state and peoples solidarity to those in need . 
  but you ca n't avoid it because the entire economy works through people doing `` business '' with each other . 
  anything that gets done is business . 
  ok , let 's say you do n't want the state to rent houses from private owners . 
  so the state has to build them instead ... which means construction companies would be the ones `` making business '' . 
  it 's all a fallacy , someone always has to provide stuff and that someone has to be compensated or , in other words , make profit ( so evil !, 
  is that all she said ? 
  it 's curious that an 600-word article centered around malmstr\u00f6m 's position and atittude contains exactly 10 out-of-context words from herself , the rest being author 's commentary . 
  and by curious i mean sketchy . 
   pm is n't being expropriated of anything , hence why there is n't any analogy here . 
  there is an analogy in the * principle * of the suit . 
  principle is what enables you file a suit . 
  whether it 's justified in this particular case is a separate question , that 's what a verdict is for . 
   but , to get to actual meaning of your question which i do get : under the present economic system i think some form of compensation for expropriation should exist , but i 'm not particularly worried about how fair it is to foreign multinationals . 
  ok , i 'm glad we 've reached some sort of a logical conclusion , 
   that 's a loss of a tangible good that i already possessed pm is claiming that australia is expropriating their trademark , an asset they already possessed , which is what makes it analogous . 
  now , their case is pretty thin , which is why i do n't support it and why they are most likely going to lose . 
  all i 'm just saying is we should recognize that the * principle * of the suit is not ridiculous and that isds does n't enable companies to sue simply for loss of profits . 
  do you agree that companies should be compensated for expropriation of their legally acquired assets , even if it is done as part of an otherwise righteous and important law ? 
  if so then great , that 's all i 'm saying . 
   i think you just made my point for me there . 
  then you should read my statement more carefully . 
  it does n't stop australia from enacting the law . 
  it may ( or may not ) * discourage * ** other ** governments from enacting similar laws while the suit awaits verdict . 
  that 's what pm is banking on . 
   your analogy is on the other hand inapplicable : my house is n't harming kids , unlike cigarettes .
