  yeah that 's the point . 
  it does n't make it good though . 
  we 'd rather forget halo : initiation exists, 
  that 's pretty much / r/games for you, 
  64 player cql is amazing in bf4 imo, 
  and 64 player rush if you want to play meat grinder, 
  or maybe ... i do n't know , people have different opinions than you ? 
  ever considered that ? 
  that 's the ios version too, 
  it 's a wildly different version that condenses the campaign into mini-missions and no mercenaries however . 
  this version it 's on ios too . 
  try playing it with the damn wiimote for aim : /, 
  really ? 
  it always seems the other way around , ca n't say that you like bvs without getting several 4-paragraph responses about why it sucks . 
   panned by everyone and hated on reddit, 
   highly popular movie amog redditors with critical praise from 5 onwards, 
  okay, 
  it 's bascially a variation of the typical `` i know i might be downvoted but [ highly popular opinion that most people agree with ] '', 
  the last 2 are direct-to-tv cn productions, 
  obviously there were other nominations but the best picture oscar that year was pretty much between avatar and the hurt locker, 
  i disagree , i 'd say * the covenant * is the strongest mission in the entire series . 
  nope , the third one is a prequel about the origin of the mystery gang and the fourth one is a sequel to that , so it employs different , younger actors . 
  it happens if you alt-tab out of the loading screens before all the champion pictures are loaded . 
  shhh , you 're getting in the way of the anti-adc circlejerk, 
  it 's a reference to harry potter . 
  in hogwarts the position of teacher on defense against the dark arts was cursed by voldemort so that teachers could only hold the position for a year and then they would be fired . 
  but is it actually not a mmo or is it like destiny where the devs say a million times that it 's totally not a mmo and it ends up being pretty much a mmo ? 
  he `` jinxed '' it , which from the way it seemingly worked in the books it was pretty much a curse . 
  what 's ray toro been up to since mcr ended btw ? 
  a stupid copy-pasted nuclear arsenal ... 
  mestizo is the word you 're looking for, 
  do n't tell reddit that though , it might explode, 
  tumblr is pretty damn funny, 
  yeah his approval ratings are usually 20-30 % these days, 
  nope , their weak spot is in the back , but as soon as you shoot it they tend to teleport a million miles away so ... 
  would 've been cooler if he was actually a fullthor, 
   is the best rise against song, 
  ftfy, 
  also a good band . 
  literally pay to win, 
  sounds like some star trek prime directive shit, 
  i too saw that post on the front page yesterday . 
  ftfy, 
  what ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  too fucking bad those chatrooms never happen in regions like lan, 
  24/7 bronze very low elo games, 
  the chinese communist party ? 
   am i the only one that, 
  nope, 
  you mean an unsc base , an human industrial location and a forerunner base ? 
  i ` lle give you isolation , but orbital was garbage, 
  are we ever getting urf again ? 
  funny how trundle went from abandoned to riot 's unnerfable favorite top laner . 
  well after leave won , cameron was dead politically anyways , so breaking just one promise could n't hurt him more at that point . 
  that was quick, 
  look up the concept of ` western betrayal ', 
  for me it has to be the animations ... aether wing kayle feels so much smoother than the default skin, 
  i mean , gus ' actor jokingly threatened vince with the death of his entire family if he did n't put him in bcs so ... 
  forced starvation does n't quite pull the same weight on people as gun death squads or gas chambers do . 
  this is what happened to me with halo 2 anniversary , the campaign was just remade straight up , so playing it was me saying `` you 're telling me this is n't how it looked back in 2004 ? '', 
  thank god urf is both !, 
  shh , you 're interrupting the urf is cancer circlejerk, 
  the problem is that it seems at this point just saying you enjoy urf will get you downvoted, 
  i definitely like the all random suggestion , better than not ever bringing it up again like it seems some people want in this sub, 
  shh , you 're interrupting the china is literally satan circlejerk, 
  hyperbole much ? 
  on call of duty , no, 
  or mexico ... 
  it moved to ps4 from 360, 
  well it does n't help when on the way to the base there are a million knights with incinerator cannon that rape all your vehicles, 
  same . 
  only reason i know it 's coming out is seeing all these trailers on reddit . 
  none of my friends knew about it until i told them myself . 
  and halo 5 has now free dlc, 
  the only bad dlc was crota 's end imo , house of wolves , the taken king and the april update have been pretty good . 
  your last sentence is why . 
  * shadowhunters, 
  war dogs, 
  i 've always thought trevelyan 's szie as being quite ridiculous . 
  yeah urf has been only twice while it seems every week is ascension or hexakill, 
  the set-up felt way too unrealistic and the abosultely bullshit cliffhanger did n't help, 
  far cry 1 was made by crytek and only published by ubisoft ; ever since then though it 's been ubisoft both developing and publishing . 
  well they appeared on halo : escalation like 2 years ago, 
  ftfy . 
  if you use both an interrogation and exclamation mark , the exclamation marks go first . 
  nevermind that the upgrade is only good on adcs and some ad melees and a nearly useless buy on everyone else . 
  we cut chiapas , guerrero and oaxaca into their own country and boom dude !, 
  no more problems with the indigenous people . 
  huh ? 
  just write in english man , cuz that sentence do n't make sense in spanish . 
  before sunset and before midnight, 
  cancelled after a third season of just 9 episodes you mean . 
  * watch up to s03e09 . 
  mentions blur and does n't mention their halo cutscenes ? 
  shame . 
  portal 2 : the part where he kills you, 
  `` this is that part '', 
  if it is n't recorded using a broken phonogram and a worn down headphone mic in the middle of a snowstorm on the northest point of norway during the coldest point of winter , then it ai n't metal to me, 
  in deus ex : human revolution , there 's this one part where you have to disable ( hack ) a bomb in the sewers during a sidequest .
