  the un, 
  argentino detected, 
  actually i think that 's karlovy vary / \u00dasti regions in czechia, 
  iirc riot said that the chinese server ( s ) has more players than the rest of the world combined, 
  ah , the ol 'd reddi - nah i ca n't be bothered to do this shit, 
  i know the word is overused as shit , but honestly , chevelle is seriously the most underrated hard rock/alt metal band out there , it 's really a shame they never got * that * popular, 
  ugh , please do n't remind me of that ... 
  ouch , none of those crack my own top 10 chevelle songs haha, 
  all of them are , but i think my fav has to be this type of thinking or la gargola, 
  can they say `` shit '' in marvel movies ? 
  jesus christ sej is so damn ripped in that sabretusk splash art, 
  now, 
  nothing specific about drug cartels imo , it 's one of the preferred weapons of irregular forces/ex-soviet/poor countries in general, 
   well the lastima meme prevails, 
  ftfy, 
  why ? 
  i have absolutely no idea , but the general definition for [ middle east ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middle_east ) does n't include afghanistan , ` greater middle east ' does though . 
   did n't turn into us fighting the whole war, 
  yeah and that 's clearly the ase with afghanistan , no american war going on there, 
  lucy ? 
  that 's why you buy all three, 
  you 're not the boss of how i play my jax in aram, 
  you do n't need to heal with your ult as nasus if you 're always at full health * black guy with finger at temple *, 
  the whole `` do n't buy it till it 's complete then '' does not absolve nintendo of any criticism . 
  only played by mains ? 
  i just ping like 5 times that i have tp up, 
  i feel like i 'm alone here , but i definitely feel like even with all the changes halo 5 plays like halo . 
  5 is , for me , tied with 2 for best multiplayer so far . 
  oops :-(, 
   damn republicans, 
  ftfy, 
  i believe the border between belize and mexico was n't actually finalized until porfirio diaz , maybe that 's why, 
   opinion about adcs, 
   rengar flair, 
  opinion discarded, 
  i think it 's funnier how you think things like `` adc players finds a way to cry no matter what '' is not being `` prejudge '' but my comment is , bud . 
  for me it 's because it 's like the best feel-good movie out there, 
  this comment is as original as avatar 's plot, 
   why are y' all so butthurt ? 
  cause you 're spreading lieessss, 
  latin america could be a little more represented in international relations tbh, 
   gupta family, 
  it 's one giant mess in a sea of even messier countries though, 
  zimbabwe though, 
   blame everything on illegal immigration, 
  welcome to the republican party, 
  facebook owns facebook messenger ? 
  woah, 
  calm down dave mustaine, 
  are you sure that second paragraph is n't reddit ? 
  brazil does n't deserve it anymore than mexico does, 
  brazil may be the biggest country in latin/south america but they certainty do n't ` dominate ' it, 
  they have two seats actually, 
  which is exactly why the uniting for consensus group ( which mexico is a part of ) was formed , to stop the g4 nations from that, 
  harmonicraft is a goddamn masterpiece, 
  really ? 
  i think it 's his worst yet, 
  wait how do you skip the hunters ? 
   i 'm going to ban kennen every game i play top , no doubt about that . 
  ftfy, 
  the warthog set is fucking great , i have it, 
  i loved the animation but goddamn i found the story to be incredibly boring, 
  `` universally loved '', 
  the ending was a great mindfuck but the rest i found to be kinda boring, 
  it 's a line from the movie/trailer, 
   nothing to show for and it goes no where, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  moonlight , honestly i found manchester by the sea to be way better, 
  not all of them, 
  yeah , seriously . 
  the market is * tiny * that it 's just not worth it to devote resources to it . 
  better example would be portugal and it 's incredibly bloody wars to supress the independance of their colonies, 
  i mean , right of conquest is how the world worked pre-1945 . 
  it was actually a principle of international law and all . 
  well at that point european law = world law, 
  yep , you 're finding this just now ? 
  are somehow implying that the uk ( and canada ) do n't have two world war championship trophies either ? 
  the uk ? 
  i mean it 's cool if you wan na know more about the subject but i honestly do n't think that film is very good, 
  i think there was this british colony in the atlantic that became sorta independent , then messed up their finances and asked to be a british colony again, 
  also rhodesia became a british colony again in 1979 ( ? ), 
  cause nobody could agree on anything , basically, 
  also hong kong did n't want to go back to china ( edit : maybe not ) , but there was nothing the uk could really do , the chinese could just starve it to death, 
  oi , that 's just what my chinese hong kong neighbor told me haha , should 've checked sources before , sorry eh, 
   hence the wave of emigration pre-hand over in 1997, 
  that 's my neighbor there !, 
  his family emigrated to here ( mexico ) before the handover to china . 
  why would china allow china to be independent ? 
  if it 's useless then you should not have it there , simple as that, 
  ah yes , the halo method, 
   for many, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  maybe people have different opinions than you . 
  weird right ? 
  4/8 good movies, 
  only in the northern states like nuevo le\u00f3n , eslewhere it 's not really common, 
   anything is better than the tories, 
  corbyn is n't, 
  no , it 's the new battlefield 1 expansion, 
  you seem kinda salty , why do n't you come and take a seat over the meme losers table ?
