  as far as i know , as long as they do n't fly over territorial waters it is fine . 
  when did lebanon stop the us military btw ? 
  happy cakeday . 
  meanwhile i feel like i 'm the only one that prefers chaos and creation, 
  is that hitler, 
  it was in theaters pretty much everywhere besides the us, 
  yeah deadpool is much more comedic than the other two, 
  the acrhitect of all your pain, 
  pretty sure they do n't care about tt , and they just added the extra turret for hexakill, 
  and they have one song in english too, 
  converge errs more on the side of hardcore, 
  do you mean iwo jima ? 
  four days like trials of osiris works too, 
  pretty sure you could find 10 reddit threads bitching about the littlest of things ... 
  you serious ? 
  nemesis draft was shit, 
  pretty sure abr has been hitting the billboard top 10 since constellations , or at least leveler, 
  i 've got a half of a sixth of ten wz ties, 
  comment posted 3 minutes ago ... 
  the second one took 4 years already so ... 
  nothing like 64-player rush on operation locker to get that authentic meat grinder experience, 
  that and fox leaving season renewal in limbo until the cast took the paycuts, 
  and how is sc2 even doing on the players front ? 
  last i heard , bw had more players than it, 
  using vgchartz for a metric ? 
  is that you george vi ? 
  you 're unranked and you put rank requirements ? 
  lol, 
  the mouse was faulty on the last one, 
  nobody talks over xbox live anymore though, 
  / r/nothingeverhappens, 
  i mean , the album was highly popular , i do n't like pop punk but i still heard all about it in school, 
  more like / r/frugaljerk, 
  the 360 released in 2005, 
  y te atreves a decirte mexicano ?? 
  still showing for me, 
  nah , destiny has good graphics, 
  where does the crippling debt come in to that ? 
  everything you said halo 5 has too in its free updates, 
  tampico, 
  de pastor o de arabe ? 
  ross ? 
  nippy . 
  kind . 
  first time listening to swans huh ? 
  motherf ... 
  it 's basically / r/nfl version of a rickroll, 
  / r/everythingisametaphor, 
  ods - od - ods - o - odst - ods - odsts in the ground !, 
  captain cutter and dr. anderson , arbiter , prophet of regret and unnamed brute commander, 
  meh , probably gon na get downvoted but i really like the forged btb maps, 
  well to be fair , halo rings are n't exactly all about size , but rather their firepower . 
  i mean , the forerunners only needed 7 of them to wipe out the entire galaxy . 
  you mean thruster ? 
  lol, 
  looks like it might be running on frostbite ? 
  windows 10 only, 
  like the strike missions from black ops 2 ? 
  also there 's only so much you can fit in a conference, 
  also there 's only so much you can fit in a conference, 
  what move ? 
  i do n't understand what 's going on in this page, 
  even on the consoles the game looks great, 
  9 with that 3 % cdr, 
  oh god yes !, 
  mexican here too . 
  first time i tried dr. pepper i thought it tasted like coke with cough syrup . 
  that 's basically the way meat is eaten here in mexico, 
  also called `` queso molido '', 
  you misunderstand me , what i meant meat is most often eaten well done in mexico, 
  eh , it 's pretty much a bm weapon, 
  when i say mourihno i got excited ... but goddamn they blew it so fucking hard . 
  it was so damn awkward . 
  and what the fuck were jamie foxx and zac efron doing there ? 
  that felt incredibly random . 
  they did the same thing with their last ufc game, 
  so you 're telling me either it has to be hip hop or alt rock only ? 
  really ? 
  yeah i actually liked the idea on paper , it just happened waaay too fast, 
  woosh, 
  eh , brits fought in france . 
  americans barely did . 
  and then won again , 5 years later, 
  nz first refused docking on nuclear subs in 1984 but the act itself was n't signed until 1987 , while the rainbow warrior was sunk in 1985 . 
  nocturne got nerfed a ton of times in a row , i remember people were even calling him the new irelia for a while . 
  reach is definitely my personal favorite halo game, 
  nope , it 's just most people just gun it through that entire part until you get to the first shield, 
  nope , it 's just most people just gun it through that entire part until you get to the first shield, 
  nx , 360 and ps2 with an ios port, 
  yeah , as someone that switched from ps2 to 360 i wan na play the spin-offs at least to know the story, 
  renekton flair complaining about a top laner ? 
  does not compute, 
  and nothing of value was lost, 
  okay we get it todd howard , you 're jealous of obsidian . 
  * tips cartels *, 
  stop buying cheap heels ... 
  i hope they fix the bug with the map being blind watch, 
  if you spawn on c maybe, 
  blood of suban ^ is ^ ^ close ^ ^ ^ enough, 
  remember dredd ?
