  white is my favorite actually , i love how funny it is, 
   conqueror of the british empire in africa, 
  the what now ? 
  i think a eu-style latin american federation would be the best course of action, 
  it 's just a big pipe dream though, 
  muscovy did n't own crimea at the time though, 
  one of the big problems we got in mexico right now is the fact that we 've got 4 major parties and everyone seems to be settling into party lines too hard, 
  ooo i think so now that you mention it ... though contact harvest was the very first halo book i read and it feels like a decade since that, 
  he does ? 
  when ? 
  i really need to pick up new copies of the older halo books : s, 
  i swear to god whiny adcs are like antivaxxers of / r/leagueoflegends , you see like one or two and then 3 billion people circlejerking each other about it, 
  yeah but then you 'd have to play malphite, 
  i came, 
  the only halo book i 've never read, 
  hmm that makes me wonder how much an overcharge canonically drains a plasma pistol ... in halo ce it was only about 12 % or so iirc, 
  really ? 
  iirc it 's the lowest-rated halo book in goodreads, 
   are mexicans argentinian ? 
  the argentinians wish, 
  ... when was it ever ? 
  well the new definitive editions would be nice , i 've never read the extra stuff, 
  yeah that 's what i said in my post lol, 
  buck ? 
  how do you know you do n't like oatmeal when you 've never tried oatmeal bro ? 
  does n't james get a flash cloned arm in fall of reach though ? 
  i remember they saying in the boards that tt had a population several times that of dominion, 
  nah it really is unfunny, 
   previously blasted trump, 
  you say this like it 's a fault , i just see it as the mark of a rational person, 
  not sure if this is what you 're looking for , but in the coming-of-age filmes and the happy-sad tone i recommend submarine ( 2010 ) , the kings of summer ( 2011 , this one is pretty light-hearted ) , short term 12 ( 2013 ) and me , earl and the dying girl ( 2015 ), 
   i have not read ghosts of oynx, 
  u wot m8, 
  missing envoy though ... 
  depends on the type of war and the theatre of action, 
  and the cole protocol !, 
  can confirm yo los he comprado todos los de escalation so far en sanborns, 
  * logan lucky, 
  like the ussr was n't big in the first place ... 
  taking the strawmen to the extremes a bit , are n't we ? 
  you mean just like soloq and every rgm ever ? 
  oh , so * that 's why * ap rek ` sai got nerfed out of nowhere ... 
  could you spoil it for me please ? 
  username checks out, 
  how did a baby in a crib escalate the situation eh ? 
   michilimakinac, 
  bless you, 
  * farrier, 
  `` just dodge her spears . '', 
  i * myself * have never hit a banshee with the mortar and this dude just did it consecutively, 
  if you could look at this comment now, 
  no way , babel is his worst film by far imo, 
  well the new arcade fire album is their worst and not really a good album so ... 
   most people would agree that homecoming was superior to those movies , especially 1 and 3, 
  would they ? 
  this particular wraith-driving elite had actually a six novel arc with 4 issues of tie-in comics but he got killed off in the opening halo 5 cutscene ; he was the third elite from the right, 
  you know i 've been replaying the campaigns in mcc and the amount of new speedrunning tricks that have been discovering in the years since i 've played them impressed the hell out of me, 
  on a second thought , this might not have been the best title for this gif : ^ (, 
   widely known story in america, 
  source ? 
  yeah they are, 
  no , not really . 
  we had a big war going on here at the time so we saw no american civil war history . 
  the one making the assertion is the one that must provide proof , not me . 
   mexico, 
   central america, 
  yeah no fuck this, 
  so christa is the final boss of final fantasy xiii ? 
  people like you are why surrender votes can go with 1 person disagreeing imo . 
  i thought the biggest tank battle was the battle of brody, 
  second episode of our world war was pretty good, 
  `` what contract dispute ? '', 
  * live free or die hard, 
  we hongry, 
  same with league, 
   nitpick about certain things . 
  but they really would be such small things . 
  calm down katy perry, 
  declares war on germany, 
  no he was a band actually, 
  yeah it 's that one, 
  the uk too, 
   avatar : the legend of aang, 
  ftfy, 
  yes . 
  source ? 
  so , not this ` church ' then, 
  shame that that is slipknot 's worst album, 
  it 's more like bohemian rhapsody , one song that everyone knows and sings along to imo, 
  i 'm 20 and you 'd be surprised, 
   `` you can not say that to the press , '' trump said on the phone call . 
  `` the press is going to go with that and i can not live with that . 
  you can not say that to the press because i can not negotiate under those circumstances . '', 
  seriously ? 
   `` i have been making these calls all day and this is the most unpleasant call all day , '' trump told turnbull . 
  '' ( russian president vladimir ) putin was a pleasant call . 
  this is ridiculous . '', 
  ... seriously ... 
  not reading the article strikes again, 
  too bad stalin would 've whooped his ass tho,
