  ah so you are his former manager ? 
  ah so you are his former manager ? 
  4 gjallarhorn and 1 hunger of crota rockets then, 
  i 'm pretty sure plaza and overgrowth have a bigger difference, 
  more tankier ? 
  you mean first class ? 
  there 's a reason it is considered * by far * the worst far cry game, 
  mgs4 was a 50gb blu ray actually, 
  conventional weapons was recorded in 2009 , before danger days ... 
   jhin main, 
  hahahaha, 
  you 're thinking of stanislav petrov, 
  doubt, 
  because they want to ? 
  hey ... if the covenant wan na wipe out this particular part of my history , that 's fine by me . 
  here in mexico we call it the philosopher 's stone too, 
  if it 's not supposed to be an immersive shooter , then why does it look like an immersive shooter ? 
  it is a very flawed design . 
  no , the `` h '' is silent in spanish , so `` hahahahaha '' would actually sound like one big `` aaaaaaaaa '', 
  asksjkkskjakkala make up, 
  seems nobody ever wants to play btb , much less hce btb in mcc anymore :(, 
  that 's one asshole scorpion driver, 
  everyone had good clears with purple smite, 
  i believe they call it hexennacht now, 
  new essence reaver, 
  more marketed than call of duty and halo 5 ? 
  hardly, 
  they rewrote first strike so that mc already knows brutes, 
  what accounts ? 
  well technically it does cost you the money of your netflix subscription, 
  just because it is n't as gimmicky as the wii does n't mean it is n't a gimmick in the first place, 
  you can tell how neat it is by the way it is, 
  i thought they meant the horror movie about facebook, 
  apprentice !, 
  what 's the name of that halo song that they used ? 
  thank you !!!, 
  getting that skull in the silent cartographer was a gigantic pain in the ass, 
  poor ariel :(, 
  ah so just like halo 2 then ? 
  high on tequila huh ? 
  that 's a new one, 
  it 's not mandatory per se , if you do it you get a `` cartilla militar '' which is a necessity when working for the military or the government . 
  private employers do n't request it though . 
  this is why i use bad juju, 
  245 needlers here !, 
  an avatar reference that is n't just `` i just see you '' or about neytiri 's boobs ? 
  i 'm impressed, 
  triggered, 
  shh , you 're not allowed to like xiii in this sub, 
  the story is good though, 
  the video adds so much to the song, 
   same was hagrid was, 
  it 's never even actually confirmed she is sterile , is n't it ? 
  i believe that was just speculation by baird in aspho fields, 
  * tips lancer *, 
  joker looks, 
  also the gravemind drove him mad , they do n't tell you that either, 
  ign did an article about it iirc, 
  +1 for nightwish, 
  local units, 
  wait when did steve jobs make 550 million at the box office ? 
  too much water 7.8 ? 
  i mean , some bands can be good without none of the original members , like underoath, 
  [ meanwhile ] ( http://static6.businessinsider.com/image/52a729436bb3f7c47766bfa7-800-/united-states-into-russia.jpg ), 
  it 's a joke, 
  not england but the united kingdom, 
  you mean just like every battlefield game ? 
  i thought it was a wall ? 
  while top does n't tp or even try to push, 
  worked well in halo , though that 's a videogame, 
  tell that to zod 's snapped neck, 
  we are ? 
   i do n't know why people keep saying this ... 
  because people have different opinions than you ? 
  so ... the americans radar was more advanced except it was n't ? 
  and raven software having to help out finish it too, 
  because i 'm sure america did n't want to have radar on thier airplanes ? 
  none of this seems to contradict anything i said ; it very much seems that you 're agreeing with me , the british did have a more advanced radar system, 
  that 's a funny way to spell starcraft, 
  it 's just one of those `` all adcs are marksmen , but not all marksmen are adcs '' situations, 
  i am from lan and i get good ping, 
  sorry i do n't ... 
  i do n't exactly knows hows to do that, 
  it 's the program called processing, 
  a whole 54 gold ? 
  wow !, 
  i 'm mexican , actually . 
  his the bestest what ? 
  what 's your build with k6 ? 
  i feel like people are n't getting this reference, 
  at least he had a nice cameo in the short hail to the king, 
  you should, 
  manosearse , obvio . 
  they 're just missing in action, 
  dat new 6.10 trinity though ... 
  clearly outplayed, 
  did you even play him last urf ? 
  you ca n't silence yourself anymore, 
  a reference to interstellar ,, 
  you ca n't stop listening to it but you ca n't even spell the artist 's name right ?
