   cloud 9, 
  sir you have to pick one, 
  [ yes , the first dlc ` they shall not pass ' is entirely about france ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msxl2zybwtk ), 
  are they adding two more french maps ? 
  where when ? 
  so , morellos, 
   shit on everyone, 
  excuse you, 
  the newest ratchet and clank is nowhere near that good to make that list imo, 
   mexico is well-known for including far more of the indigenous culture in its national consciousness than the rest of latin america, 
  and even then we are still super ignorant of them, 
  which really should give you an idea of the state of indigenous rights in latin american , ha, 
  it 's a first world country , which many equate as western, 
   cancer, 
   darius flair, 
  : thinking :, 
  ftfy : v, 
  yes and a char with 3 dashes is disgusting, 
  here , you dropped this : ), 
  negotiations on the falklands are the complete polar opposite of popular, 
  i 'm pretty sure dude had just spawned haha, 
   especially since the us has opened its doors to its immigrants during its emergence from a storm civil wars and violence that still rages . 
  least they could do after causing them, 
  haha que ? 
  ninja gaiden black !, 
  i mean , halo 4, 
  the one time watching a movie with subtitles came through, 
  / r/mapporn in a nutshell , map is wrong but not gon na bother explain why, 
  * aaand if you do n't love me nooow *, 
  / r/halo really finds a way to put down halo 5 with every post , does n't it ? 
  cause it 's goddamn beautiful, 
  m\u00e9rida but not canc\u00fan ... 
  in m\u00e9xico you say `` bandera '' ( flag ) to mean both, 
   luckily titanfall ~ ~ 2 ~ ~ was amazing , and the second one ruined it, 
  ftfy, 
   so it 's all a matter of what 's most convenient, 
  metric all the time it is then !, 
  is it still coming to xbox one ? 
  every weapon is pretty much ridiculously accurate in titanfall 2, 
  they do n't call portugal the eastern europe of western europe for nothing, 
   who think western sahara is theirs, 
  most of it it 's basically theirs though , de facto, 
  ... damn, 
   fiora is just really aids, 
  sick flair, 
  solved !, 
   special places, 
   avator, 
  50 million spanish speakers in america is no real foothold these days , huh, 
   official language does n't have to mean `` only language '' . 
  oh my sweet summer child, 
  it was a necessary evil to kill support malz, 
  i will find him, 
   they have the best itemization paths, 
  believe me, 
  i doubt anything is gon na come out of a non-legally binding un resolution, 
  have they announced when is og xbox bc coming out ? 
  really ? 
  cause i thought that was the requirement for being a tank main in this subreddit, 
   can we just remove [ champion ] from the game ? 
   fiora flair, 
  : thinking :, 
  honestly ? 
  this is the one time i can say , this opinion is wrong, 
  did n't the soviets keep his jaw , i think ? 
  her mother lived to 101 , just saying, 
   bronzies, 
   lee sin flair, 
  hmm, 
   the pleasant thoughts of low elo . 
   veigar flair, 
  hmmm, 
  too bad the arabs are incompetent then, 
  this post is basically the negative equivalent of `` then everyone stood up clapping '', 
   i 'm surprised to see all these people in the comments talking about how much they loved the characters in fantastic beasts, 
  it 's like people have different opinions than you !, 
   what about cancer, 
   poppy flair, 
  ... and you do n't think that 's bad design ? 
  sorry dude , you 're 5 years late to the ` jax is cancer ' party, 
  this is seriously my favorite brand new song, 
  / r/mexico master race, 
   66 minute mark, 
  ftfy, 
  `` i thought you 'd be taller '', 
  i hear them calling my name, 
  ah so half of reddit then ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen someone be so damn wrong in my entire life, 
  so did the republicans and they called their presidents `` leader ( s ) of the free world '' anyway, 
   i do !, 
  that 's what he said , no one, 
  at this point , i play it because my friends play it . 
  unfortunately , my friends play all the damn time . 
  there are 7-11 in mexico but , imo , they 're pretty rare . 
  oxxo dominates hardcore . 
  yeah i think i 'd rather trust saying adc was weak earlier in the season than reddit, 
  my 2006 emo me disagrees, 
  batman is master chief confirmed, 
  i honestly get quite bored by the second part of layla, 
  i love when they sang it in it 's kind of a funny story,
