could you send one to thelasttraineast@gmail.com? 
  tyvm, 
  it is a different part ... 
  it 's called '' ... and then i 'll be home '', 
  none of this is really bad, 
  mexican here ... i 'm quite relieved, 
  iron maiden, 
  do it !, 
  for history !, 
  holy shit when did sunset overdrive come out for pc ? 
  halo players do it too, 
  32 hunter , not very good with sword though, 
  ca n't talk but can hear, 
  ... i need to watch this, 
  you know you 've reading destiny subreddit to much when you remember the kid with the dragon 's breath story ... 
  i asked him the same but he did n't reply , just stood there :|, 
  gt : spartanawasp 32 hunter got mic but i 'm generally quiet, 
  it is n't exclusive to playstation, 
  that was in halo : reach and it was more of a spiritual successor, 
  supplicants op, 
  i know it 's small but i was honestly quite amazed :p, 
  but ce , 2 , 4 and mcc in november, 
  terminal , burial mounds and waterworks all come up incredibly frequently in the btb playlist, 
  for a second i thought you meant rush the band, 
  have you not listened to the episode yet ? 
  that titan helmet roll though ... 
  got ta love how the fusion coils do n't blow up on the second one ^ ^, 
  what about soul eater ? 
  you do realize you can only get the odst campaign if you played mcc before the 19th of december of last year right ? 
  nope , that did n't work, 
  calm down didact, 
  it 's actually chipps dubbo, 
  halo wars came out in 2009 ... 
  if you kill one of these scarabs too fast you get randomly launched, 
  halo : reach did it too, 
  you do n't ? 
  the bard jukes, 
  admiral havelock, 
  campaign was boring ( though aftermath was kinda cool ) . 
  multiplayer got cod-ified . 
  ffxiii , ffxv , kh3 and ff type-0 all have come to xbox, 
  jon is already the 998th , i think you meant 999th, 
  i 've always used autos before the nerf and now i do n't really like any of the other classes : /, 
  i do n't have any pulse rifles, 
  edit : good ones for pvp i mean , just bad juju and oversoul, 
  thanks i 'll check it out, 
  pistol , so bad it 's good, 
  might be related to bruno diaz, 
  those games are the ones available in the preview program now , not the final list . 
  well neither did his little brother or badger and skinny pete die, 
  naked woman protagonist ? 
  i like thrusters more :p, 
   the us was eager to over throw any governments that had tires with the ussr, 
  the us ca n't risk a car war i guess, 
  dreadknight garen, 
  why did n't you guys post this as news back on sput ? 
  but by far the most fun was having puns as news titles :(, 
  i was trying to spell flood guys :(, 
  yep i really liked the main game but the expansions have been shitty and this is even worse ... 
  1 , rare replay ,, 
  gears of war : ultimate edition ,, 
  doom ,, 
  dishonored 2 ,, 
  final fantasy vii remake ,, 
  gears of war 4 ,, 
  south park : the fractured but whole ,, 
  horizon : zero dawn ,, 
  dishonored definitive edition ,, 
  xbox one elite wireless controller, 
  matador full auto is still way too slow, 
  you knew what ? 
  he was in hancock for like , 2 seconds, 
  because it was n't there maybe ? 
  / r/summerreddit, 
  then play it 3 years later and there are no dlc playlists and all you play is the base maps, 
  and even then halo mcc is still a better game than destiny, 
  is n't this like the 4th time he has sold it ? 
  where does it it say that ? 
  destiny 's dlc is $ 20, 
  well it 's not like the forerunners really need them at this point anyway, 
  what about donezo and just a sivir comp ? 
  where did those come from ? 
  would spain be able to kick greece 's butt in a war ? 
  it does in mexico, 
  but we do n't even have scooters :(, 
  egypt ? 
  and yet he 's fat as hell, 
  i 'm sure slim has enough cash in his pockets to cut trump loose just like that, 
  there 's a big difference between just some offhand comment and calling all mexicans rapists in your freaking campaign announcement, 
  nice try , carlos slim, 
  check out luis estrada 's el infierno and the upcoming movie sicario . 
  yeah but most non-german people associate it with the nazi regime, 
  he never used it until we were like 35 + into it . 
  he kept using the ar getting killed easily by the pistols . 
  aw is my favorite cod since black ops 2 actually, 
  heh , i did n't even have one myself this game ; when i lead him into the sniper and rockets i just shot him and made the motion for him to follow me, 
  * targaryen law, 
  * b-baka !, 
  honestly ? 
  one of the worst zed perfomances i 've seen,
