  ever thought about that ? 
  is n't this from a web game of the episode where spongebob loses gary and has to look for him ? 
  ... why ? 
  if say , india can , with a way larger and much more diverse population and a smaller economy the us sure as hell can . 
  saying the us ca n't is just basically stockholm syndrome at this point . 
   what does `` people like you '' mean ? 
  judging by your comments on this matter , probably people that give up way too easily because `` it 's too hard '', 
  anne frank, 
  this is why i loved when askreddit introduced the [ serious ] tag, 
  this album was and still is the pinnacle of afi , easily, 
  is that you , bon iver ? 
   clean joke, 
   against the will of its population, 
  eh , the population pretty much did n't mind, 
  i know you meant duterte , but say the name duarte here in mexico and you 'll get the same reaction ... 
  and too damn bad it was n't actually good, 
  this comment is almost as bitter as tl constant defeats, 
   straight up halo 2 combat, 
  ftfy, 
  i hope riot gives them to him at some point, 
  for some reason , it 's not actually as much as i thought ... 
   pretentious band, 
  right, 
   less than impressive music, 
  wrong, 
   complainingabout super boring/annoying, 
   karma flair, 
  this does n't add up, 
  good , people should be afraid of an adc 's damage again, 
  strong words coming from the country whose president won because russia, 
  because you do n't know what soft power is ? 
  or more importantly , how gwb pushed basically every us ally ( bseides the uk ) aside with this `` with us or against us '' rhetoric during the iraq war , only fixed until obama had to pretty much go on a glibal apology tour . 
  but do n't worry man , i get it if you do n't understand how soft power or the un works . 
  everyone is , of course , entitled to their opinions , however wrong they are . 
  just like rambo then, 
  my pro-slavery what ? 
  here i was playing on legendary and holy shit those wraiths are terrifying , one single shot even when on the tank means death, 
  i actually have n't finished mine yet hehe , still stuck on gravemind, 
  he was gold 4 though, 
  the only good thing he ever did ... 
   spain-mexico, 
  i really doubt that considering we have barely any relations behind standard fare, 
   truly great games like, 
   the last guardian, 
  i heavily disagree with this, 
  in spanish and cheap spanish, 
  this !, 
  / r/mexico would n't make fun of them so much if they did n't try to brigade the sub everytime we do and then get downvoted and deleted to hell, 
  yeah , and they lost, 
   unavoidable for the usa, 
  how about they just did n't go into vietnam at all, 
  oh man , they * did n't * have the same mindset ? 
  that must have such a huge relief to the colonized . 
  all the people that died , or worse , were crippled for life , in the name of america 's useless war would have loved it too . 
  it 's 6584x3338 and france has nice internet , i 'm sure it 's a very nice map inside france too, 
   inside a dog , it 's too dark to read, 
  ftfy, 
  that 's not the magma chamber we actually wanted though, 
  but do n't worry dude , donald trump , billionaire businessman , is sure looking out for the little guy, 
  that 's from the art of war, 
  i think he did the same thing with toy story 3, 
  tryndafed when on the enemy team, 
  yeah , and there are better chars for that role, 
  not like she does anything in the campaign though, 
  o b j e c t i v e l y, 
  gangman style looks like it might reach 3 billion soon, 
   you will be missed, 
  ehh, 
  a well coordinated duo botlane is good ? 
  what a surprise, 
  i would 've expected that someone with a pantheon flair would appreciate that mana regen, 
   tbh i had n't even known the additional risks on cloud and ocean . 
  most people do n't because they are n't significant enough to notice unless you are a dedicated jungler, 
  wake me up, 
  that 's what he said , german, 
   living, 
  k a r m a, 
  he 's at the top of the feeders list, 
  you put 3 points into q then max w, 
  i no joke ended up buying a zhonya once when the enemy team had a fed rengar and a fed vi and i was playing adc, 
  you start with one needler in hand already , and if you walk like two steps backward there 's another one, 
   for the buggiest release , of a flagship title , in gaming history, 
  holy mother of hyperbole batman, 
   \u00a1 apagando las luces !, 
  ftfy, 
  that i want more titanfall 2 than that, 
  like what ? 
   ultimadamente , van a votar por quien sea que el pan postule . 
   legitimate, 
  hey hey , lets not get ahead of ourselves here, 
  ask guns n roses, 
  well that 's like , your opinion man . 
   objectively awful, 
  69 % rt score , 75 % top critics , hmm, 
  also, 
   familiar loser, 
  lol, 
  0 times a hundred is still 0, 
  * decent, 
  this seems to be a recurring problem with japanese games , imo .
