  for himself, 
  i really like tt hexakill :(, 
  because they 're putting a price tag on it ? 
  i do n't really trust telesur to be honest ... 
  too bad only half the guardians will get to play that strike, 
  ... by basically making workers slaves and bowing to every demand of american and british corporations . 
  it was n't all smiles and rainbows you know . 
  most mexican nationals do n't really like mexican us immigrants either ... 
  colombian, 
  but what is vfd, 
  and that question mark in the water, 
  edit : guys i know vfd means volunteer fire department i meant what do they do, 
  edit2 : and yeah that fucking sugar bowl, 
  crow 's nest, 
  rockets + pistol pretty much, 
  medal of honor ( 2010 ) used ue3 on sp and frostbite 1 for mp since they were developed by different studios . 
  could you please link it ? 
  thank you . 
  yes , he is . 
  try playing dominion, 
  it 's absoultely hideous, 
  moving with wasd sucks tbh , that 's why i prefer a controller, 
  mexico 's debt is only 35 % though, 
  flesheater, 
  links do n't really work in spoilers ... 
  [ here ] ( http://en.rocketnews24.com/2014/09/11/seeing-double-twin-like-couple-wed-in-the-most-controversial-marriage-in-russia%e3%80%90photos%e3%80%91/ ), 
  yep, 
  sigur ros is on xl though, 
  he 's introduced in halo : nightfall . 
  we do n't really know why he 's hunting the mc , besides the fact that master chief went awol a little bit after halo 4 . 
  in which book exactly , huh ? 
  maybe , he always takes a long ass time between albums, 
  gideon was really cool, 
  the way it what ? 
  at least we have free healthcare , i guess . 
  i remember you from / r/blunderyears, 
  ross ? 
  who is champ ? 
  source ? 
  * metal gear rising revengeance, 
  your link is broken, 
  also longest, 
  yes , they 're not exactly called marines, 
  was i dumb for thinking they might have actually gone to war ? 
  where did ezreal and zileas go ? 
  only in the homicide desk though, 
  300 comments in less than a minute o_o, 
  and the psp sunny plays with while cooking, 
  in spanish they 're called suecia and suiza , incredibly easy to mix up, 
  because it did a lot of harm but also good , for example in mexico the manufacturobg sector grew a ton but the agriculture industry died, 
  eritrea, 
  gamescom actually, 
  what about forge island ? 
  you can just use the subreddit name with + plain added at the end, 
  [ like this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships+plain ), 
  united mexican states actually, 
  hence *, 
  it was edited out in the latin american cut, 
  there 's already a red dead 2 , it is called red dead redemption, 
  you mean cathedral of dusk ? 
  eastern and western germany still separated ? 
  how old is this map ? 
  it 's basically a modified the nexus strike, 
   year 2 elemental primaries, 
  zhalo ? 
  it does give you a notification in your screen that your batteries are running low, 
  you can scan it during normal story, 
  you do realize crytek is n't developing it anymore , right ? 
  the hunger games mockingjay part 2, 
  no it is an actual soap opera with over 12k episodes and still running . 
  my going for realism what ? 
  also the update it comes with includes 4 free maps too, 
  i do n't remember if it 's confirmed or just a rumor , but apparently she got breast implants . 
  he looks more like beau bokan, 
  but i liked blessthefall : <, 
  it was called bulletproof nanny here, 
  it was called bulletproof nanny here, 
  the cathedral ? 
  do you mean the citadel ? 
  these are n't even decent shells, 
  do you mean his story is locking ? 
  league of legends does this, 
  they were drivable in halo 3 : odst , what are you talking about ? 
  you can drive one in kikowani station without doing the glitch, 
  overgrowth, 
  i think it was 2030 actually, 
  what 's wrong with jesuits ? 
  what 's wrong with jesuits ? 
  snafu is by far my favorite character from that, 
  south east asians in general, 
  neither is american football, 
  revenge of the sith is better than return of the jedi, 
  there 's my inflammatory opinion, 
  yeah that 's what he said . 
  germany . 
  also in mexico, 
  you mean leveler ? 
  i feel really bad for laughing at this :(, 
  did anybody else feel that hans looked a lot like putin ? 
  you mean not-putin ?
