  `` would you jump off a cliff if lil wayne did it ? '', 
  amen, 
  good for you bro , hope ya make it, 
  me too bitch , you aint special, 
  turkey was occupied by the allies at the end of world war i, 
  40 million more people than us , in the territory of our 3rd largest state ... 
  edit : i 'm from mexico guys, 
  trust no one not even yourself, 
  you know what they say , hungary is the largest country in the world , soviet tanks entered it in 1956 and did n't leave until 1994 !, 
  proximity to chilean islands maybe ? 
  i 'm mexican, 
  iirc he later tweeted that ofc they played metallica , since megadeth is too hard to play, 
  waiting patiently for the day this circlejerk will finally die, 
  we can acknowledge the existance of this inferior song yeah . 
  op is james blunt confirmed, 
  too bad that metal gear solid 3  fallout : new vegas  metal gear solid 4  fallout 4, 
  not yet . 
  nissan ( or was it toyota ? ), 
  is the best selling car manufacturer in mexico , might be that ? 
  same . 
  seems critics agree with that too . 
  i used to love ascension but after they changed the way the xerath kill and ascension worked i kinda lost interest, 
  yeah draft pick normals/flex so competitive, 
  up in lan too, 
  since when has riot ever cared for custom games ? 
  / r/the _ donald is that way - , 
  and i love you too , random citizen, 
  where 's the trigger, 
  good, 
  he shows up , talks to owen wilson then died by getting run over by a car . 
  lol, 
   got hit with a sort of wave of negativity, 
  probably because it was pretty bad imo, 
  that 's amazing, 
  i mean , we 're talking about india here . 
  not in passing , i 'm right here, 
  there 's an animated short of it on youtube, 
  and norn irish, 
   she thinks this gerard way guy is hot, 
  ... you do n't ? 
  ... you do n't ? 
   i know some people from the mainland call it `` pop '', 
  we call those `` degenerates '', 
  no do n't you know ? 
  mexicans only look like the india maria, 
  you should !, 
  third act is bit wonky but i definitely thought it was the best comic book movie of the summer, 
  spot the guy who is n't a developer, 
  i 've always seen him praised as the best part of the prequels so i would n't say he was overlooked, 
  progressive in the streets , conservative in the sheets ( of paper used for ballot boxes ), 
  sounds like you are just a bad parent if you ask me . 
   promote the best interests of humanity, 
  something something britannia, 
  looks like easter island , tahiti , polynesia and fiji, 
  have you ? 
  i mean even wikipedia mentiones how there 's debate about whether it classifies as a genocide or not, 
  also the falklands islands, 
   you 're not better than us . 
  source ? 
  e g g h e a d s, 
  just at the end when the blue/osiris makes it back to sanghelios, 
  * were it so easy, 
  flair does n't check out, 
   can we care about quality, 
  well wonder woman has better rt rating , rt top critics rating , rt audience score and imdb rating score than spider-man, 
  your comment was already pretty bad but your edit is just pure / r/cancerousedits material, 
  which is why i listed several scores and not just the first one, 
  yes , i 'll trust you , random redditor # 27648273 over the 299 fresh reviews of wonder woman . 
   go back and watch that movie and tell me it 's not better than wonder woman . 
  it 's not better than wonder woman, 
  to crash onto japanese ships ? 
  i 'm 21 and i got a xbox and halo ce when i was just 5 years old, 
  fortress is the best though, 
  / r/mapswithouthawaii, 
  i 'm sorry , did you miss the memo ... ? 
  everything that china does is the worst thing that has happened in the history of the world, 
  yeah , as we all know , saying it 's satire absolves it of any criticism and makes it automatically good . 
  i mean all of it the places listed were british empire back then so ... 
  scotland is part of the uk, 
  i thought we were talking about despacito and not taylor swift here ? 
  wonder woman is definitely a better movie than man of steel, 
  as a mexican i hate that sub, 
  dota , for me , has always too complex just for the sake of being complex, 
   rocket, 
  tell that to / r/europe please, 
  which was n't even his fault, 
  he did plan it , except they did n't end up using his plan so ... 
  your ability to simplify history for reddit upvotes ? 
  [ well ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kargil_war ), 
  so excited , virus was by far the best metalcore album of last year, 
  lee syndrome you mean, 
  si era una persona normal y no un amargado con la vida como t\u00fa , nah, 
  are we really gon na abbreviate it as std, 
  aka every squad of mine, 
  level 31 hunter, 
  ca n't talk because of sleeping roomie but i can hear you, 
  a supplicant just clutch tele 'd and killed us to save atheon, 
  left trigger to fire your weapon in all configs ? 
  right trigger to fire grenades ? 
  what ?
