  where 's mexico ? 
  killed him too, 
  eh , it 's a pretty clich\u00e9 character archetype , the one guy ( more commonly a robot ) that interprets everything literally and does n't understand humour and what not . 
  both times ( in tf2 and gotg ) it was implemented rather well though . 
  paging / u/ramonesparza, 
  how is america gon na get over chinese or russian airspace ? 
  underrated is like the most overused word in this subreddit pretty much ; next thing you know led zeppelin is gon na be underrated or some shite, 
  blockade means blocking all maritime transport to a country ( see britain vs germany in wwi for example ) while an embargo is the prohibition of selling a certain product by legal means , in this case , us oil to the japanese, 
  yes they were servant slaves, 
  the uk is sitting at +0.9 , which i believe they only crossed this year, 
  `` despite '' nigeria ? 
  do you mean like , aside from nigeria ? 
  the line was made so much funnier with the release of rogue one , like , bitch , i just saw your ship depart from the freaking rebel flagship ... 
   all of latin america ? 
  did i miss out the part where we declared mexico , colombia and panama not part of latin america or something ? 
  until they are absolutely `` 0 % terrorist '' then this distinction does n't matter, 
  infinite warfare/mw remastered ? 
  yeah i do n't think overwatch is as good as titanfall 2 either, 
  they are n't mutually exclusive terms ? 
  all central american countries ( sans belize ) are also latin american ones . 
  / r/nothingeverhappens, 
  that sounds like too much work to just open one website on my mobile ... 
  according to a lot of republican logic , nope, 
  i would like to , but in my town i would get mugged as soon as i left the door, 
  you 've only spent nearly 2 hours on league ? 
  damn that 's low, 
  this started out with final fantasy xiii-2 actually, 
  if he 's a terrible president , why not criticize people who support him ? 
   graveyard of empires, 
  i mean britain did conquer it, 
  my man, 
  he is n't liked in mexico either , just so you know, 
  what language is this in by the way ? 
  it 's kinda ... germanic ? 
  mexicano aqu\u00ed asking to see what our european brothers are saying/learning about us ... 
  i mean i guess in the history of the world that is pretty damn recent, 
  north korea ? 
  still ca n't read whatever is written in nk ... 
  ftfy, 
  interesting !, 
  and why did you draw this map ? 
  was it for school ? 
  needs more jpg, 
  i do n't know what this means but it sounds like a sciencey joke so i 'll just upvote, 
  something something adc 2k17 lul, 
  loaded question in title much ? 
  like i did ... 
  from out of the shadows comes ... * doom *, 
  a mi no realmente , pero the devil you know ... 
  worked for trump, 
  so basically every band that reddit likes . 
  got it . 
   not being silver ? 
   yasuo flair, 
  does not compute, 
  what , destiny or titanfall 2 ? 
  'cause as a long time destiny player i 'd honestly recommend just waiting until the inevitable destiny 2 shows up, 
  i do n't think they have said 4k/60fps , just 4k gaming . 
  so remodel it . 
  it 's not like the us government is hurting for money . 
  another mcc issues post ? 
  not really, 
  a port is about the closest i 'd let gearbox get to halo, 
  are we just gon na forget that gearbox made duke nukem forever under 2k too ? 
  no offense but , oceania ... 
  have you read * shadow of intent * ? 
  i do n't think you know ` unquestionably ' means , specially considering how i would easily classify primordium as one of the worst hlao books out there, 
  well the novella pretty much answers your question . 
  dat honduras and el salvador, 
  and kissinger, 
  well it their attitude towards aids sounds very much like 80 's america, 
  i still distinctly remember reading this article about china , and they cited a figure about how something like 9 % of chinese people were homeless , i think ; * then * they actually wrote down the fugure which is ~ 120 million people and i has the biggest ` holy shit ' moment of my life , that 's the entire population of my own country !, 
  so they are pretty much indian texans in that second point then, 
  \u00bf la basura ? 
  5 multiplayer is fucking great though, 
  except megadeth actually releases albums ... 
  when ? 
  oh man the americans can destroy the planet slightly better than the russians !, 
  thank god, 
  instituto mexicano del mseguro social ? 
  what is buckfast ? 
  tell that to trump, 
  lol, 
  when ? 
  though i doubt the covenant would really like that, 
  bond gay movie inc ? 
  where 's m\u00e9xico ? 
  what was wrong with halo 5 at launch ? 
  chill , you do n't have to yell at me for just asking a question, 
  i can agree with that , what i meant was server issues and the such, 
  he said mid not bot though, 
  if the movie is well made ( and it is , certainly better than wolf ) , what 's the problem ? 
  the largest volkswagen factory outside of germany is in mexico, 
  huh ? 
  you 're the poncho . '', 
  ftfy, 
  soon ? 
  it 's been this way for a while now , everything is the liberals ' fault remember ? 
  well she did actually get more votes than trump, 
   is not national .
