  italian pizza is delicious !, 
  pizza does n't get better just because you throw lots of extra shit on top of it !, 
  \\  austria malaysia hungary taiwan poland portugal turkey spain belgium canada what cars are built in these countries ? 
  is it just suppliers or do they build whole cars ? 
  keeping europe from uniting has been the core of british policy for a thousand years . 
  they wo n't leave until they have ruined it . 
  i do n't think one has to be a patriot to celebrate ones country either . 
  lol . 
  the article starts out by failing so hard at grammar it manages to say that 15 people were attending an event for multiculturalism . 
  then the entire fucking article manages to say that one artist from sweden ( who btw is black ) did a number at the small finish rally for multiculturalism . 
  and the headline is `` demand for finland to become more multicultural '' and oc uses this to progagate that swedes give a shit about what politics they have in finland . 
   the messenger does n't change the message . 
  this is forrest gump level stupid right here, 
  lol this is the kind of comments that would overrun this sub if generally allwwed . 
  `` fria tider '' is a very biased news outlet that no swede takes seriously . 
  i agree with this, 
  than some douchy yank ? 
  yeah !, 
  if we start discussing immigration here , it 's gon na be flooded with racists and that is all that this sub is going to be about . 
  plz know that . 
  in the name of the his majesty the king , i declare ^ ^ ^ flame war upon ye, 
  they are extremely good * everything * if you can get them to fight for you . 
  ^ ^ no ^ ^ disrespect ^ ^ to ^ ^ the ^ ^ hakkapelita, 
  even the israelis would n't consider that `` enhanced interrogation techniques '', 
  i forget , why have we fought several wars over these jerks ? 
   ammonium chloride flavored vodka are you saying koskenkorva is disgusting or did you forget a comma ? 
  is n't that kind of like saying communism is about feeding the poor and is therefore good ? 
  hatred and racism go hand-in-hand with nationalism . 
  they will always exist within it , in some people or more . 
  google translate seems to say that it 's unknown wheter the man will take the fine to court , but would he have a chance to beat it ? 
  no , he seems to think that the usa provides food for `` billions of people '' daily, 
  i think it 's pretty clear that nationalism leads to the justification of mass murder of innocents . 
  atleast where the `` nation '' is a people . 
  good point , but i must disagree with your conclusion on the matter dispite your very well-formulated argument . 
  the end result of what you suggest is not infact as you assume it to be . 
  i would infact venture to say that what becomes evident from what you describe , is quite the opposite . 
  well maybe you are right , but it 's at least a very important side point . 
   but i think the world would become very problematic , for billions of people , basically overnight , if the united states stepped out . 
  most countries that can afford it participates in disaster relief . 
  the usa has alot of affording , because it makes up a huge part of the western world . 
  that means that yes , hundreds of millions of people in the us sphere of influence would be without a large part of the help that they * can get when if they need it * from many other countries if the us did n't offer help . 
  you are right that the us does good , but you are wrong in thinking that it is the only country to do so . 
  what , seriously ? 
  if the majority of americans think shoving mashed tacos up a captured enemys asshole to cause him harm is okay , then i 'm gon na say it 's pretty clear that the country itself , as a whole , does not respect human rights , seing as it is obviously what is refered to in the declaration of human rights as torture . 
  so it is fair to laugh off their pretense of caring about human rights abuse . 
  nationalism is evil , but being happy with your country is a different thing entirely . 
  i agree . 
  nationalism is evil , and entertaining it is dangerous . 
  at the same time - nothing wrong with celebrating your country . 
  also helped saddam keep his oil exports up so he could afford to gas bomb iran . 
  but yeah , america does some good . 
  not really more good per capita than anybody else though , although a whole lot more bad . 
  not a usa-hater btw . 
  just not a usa-liker . 
  [ / r/europe be like ] ( http://d22zlbw5ff7yk5.cloudfront.net/images/stash-1-50cd72c1d6758.gif ), 
  ahem the french and british fucked up libya and syria fucked itself up . 
  state-sanctioned torture that is generally approved of by the population as shown in [ research ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/new-poll-finds-majority-of-americans-believe-torture-justified-after-911-attacks/2014/12/16/f6ee1208-847c-11e4-9534-f79a23c40e6c_story.html ) . 
  for gods sake they stuffed pureed food up peoples butts !, 
  although i was more thinking of china when i wrote it . 
  it 's just silly . 
  ** edit : oh you were quite obviously joking **, 
  lol . 
  sure do n't wan na trade with `` violators of human rights '', 
  was that a polish decision ? 
  what do you mean by partition ? 
  actual finland best finland, 
  i use to think people were unfair to russia . 
  then it became evident that russia is a nationalist cesspool where alot of people wish harm on others . 
  ... because it * is * a fortress, 
  * slow clap *, 
  but there are n't even that many scots ? 
  how many of them can possibly be touring the entire balcans to create this stereotype ? 
  ( it seems like everyone from the southeast can explain this ), 
  welcome into nordic, 
  we joke about them being stupid . 
  ca n't joke about the stereotypical danish alcoholism and obesity , because that 's just sad . 
  edit : although we do make those jokes about finnish people sometimes , but that 's because they can take it . 
  get off reddit , dad xd, 
   king henry viii the guy who kept killing his wives ? 
  what 's normally refered to as the british empire was almost 300 years after his death , but i guess that 's a matter of specific terms . 
   higher living standards this is very very arguable . 
  maybe empires often have a temporary ( decades at best ) influx of some material goods after some initial conquest or whatever , but to say that living standards are higher because the country you live in rules some other country is just not true . 
  especially not for the average citizen . 
  the gdp per capita figures they are using seem way low . 
  are you guys poor ? 
  do you need help ? 
  sweden became an `` empire '' by being paid by france to pay germans to fight in her army . 
  it was a time when all a soldiers fought for was money and nothing else . 
  the british empire was all about exploitation of resources . 
  it became what it was because it was profitable for a while . 
  and what `` leader '' would you credit for the empire ? 
  and why would being the citizen of an empire be something to strive for anyways ? 
  you 're still gon na be the same little guy in the same country . 
  `` passion '' , `` willpower '' and `` leaders '' created the soviet union and nazi germany . 
  the khmer rouge had all three . 
  most people have passion and willpower , they 're just not passionate about some silly idea of a revolution that supposedly wont lead to conflict and on to poverty for everybody . 
  well that 's wrong . 
  it 's the moderate who goes to work and does his shit without starting trouble that is and always has been the backbone of any prosperous society . 
  and the modern democracy ( atleast in my country ) was established by the notoriously un-exreme social democrats ( more or less ) . 
  nazis built europe ?
