   it 's not a very good example . 
  definitely not a legitimate reason . 
  why not ? 
   fishing is being limited because overfishing is bad , not because the eu wants to fuck over the common man . 
  once again you 're putting words in my mouth . 
  of course over-fishing is bad , and of course the eu could n't be so simplistically described . 
  you asked for a legitimate reason for voting leave , and i provided an example of someone voting in their self-interest . 
   a small town lost some fishing jobs , so now it 's time to fuck the rest of the country up ? 
  to make everything even ? 
  is this what you tried to say ? 
  i 'm not trying to say any of those things . 
  why do you think i am ? 
  i have literally no idea what you mean . 
  i can understand why people involved in the uk fishing industry would vote leave . 
  towns like whitby have seen a loss in fishing jobs - and there 's not much else in the north east to replace them . 
  i thought it was funny too , despite the misery . 
  bath . 
  this is * exactly * how i ended up with poo on the staircase . 
  that place is a sty . 
  the guy 's a knob but please do n't generalise all of us . 
  i prefer to go on holiday to a place where there 's an opportunity for quiet introspection and sucking dicks . 
  such as virile musky rhino urine . 
  just a reminder that there are [ many types of mania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glossary_of_manias ) , but romania seems to be the best . 
  i do n't care if this is satire - it 's boring . 
  i know how this ends : /, 
  are you an astronaut ? 
  make sure you take the battery out and do n't just turn it off . 
  i think in english they 're called strip-clubs . 
  in that moment , i saw brazil . 
  i think of different human races in the same way as i 'd think of breeds of whatever animal . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's entirely accurate , but i find that it holds-up ( based on the little evidence i 've found available ) . 
  of course , just as you 'd allow for the possibility of a savage labrador , or a lazy border-collie , you have to allow for exceptions to racial stereotype - especially since humans have a greater capacity to grow beyond their genetics . 
  happy to talk about this , happy to be proven wrong . 
  fully expect downvotes :p, 
  those thin roots will largely be intertwined with other thin roots - making a kind of cord suitable for rigging a ship or beating an unruly servant . 
  how could we ? 
  i have my pc set-up so that everything i view is modified by a semitransparent layer with bright , bold , red ` belongs to turkey ' text on top . 
  edit : and you should too . 
  strange . 
  i ca n't seem to replicate it - but when i first read the article , there was an advert on the right-hand side saying ( in german , paraphrasing ) ` you have an ad-blocker - we have an ad-block-blocker ' with an advert for some kind of beer . 
  how did der spiegel invent an adblock-blocker , and why are germans superior ? 
  the only thing more divisive than brexit is your statement . 
  obrigado obama . 
  yop yop , yop !, 
  belgium did a pretty good job in ww1 afaik . 
  they got wrecked , of course , but the vastly superior german military was significantly slowed and took heavy casualties taking those forts . 
  i thought you just had to be on this subreddit . 
  you mean i sit through these stupid discussions and i 'll still need a visa to have a bangin ' time with me mates in majorka ? 
  it might not be what you meant to type , but it 's what you should have typed . 
  hey  :( i cleaned it up . 
  thanks for leaving those giant cotton cloths on the line . 
  i wonder if this could have been disastrous for the allies . 
  if there 'd been a union , then it would have been hard to postpone a overlord-like action until 1944 - with the french calling out for help for years . 
  without the ussr bleeding the nazis in the east , and the us being ready to join the operation in normandy , it could have just been slaughter as a small anglo-french army got mopped up by stronger and entrenched germans . 
  i know what you 're talking about , and yes - that was bullshit - but i do n't see how it has any relevance to the discussion . 
  you lol but i would think he 'd fall afoul of the equality act 2010 for the way he 's evidenced speaking in this video , plus i 'm pretty sure paying workers late is also frowned upon . 
  i 'm not an apologist for my country - but this kind of thing is rare . 
  i 've heard quite a lot of russians go to india - is it popular , or more of a niche destination ? 
  we 've fallen a long way since the days we earned that title . 
  romania and france are best friends and i just ca n't abide it . 
  if anyone has good ideas for sneaky relationship-destroying plots - i want to hear them . 
  after the rubble has cleared and the ~ ~ imf ~ ~ ~ ~ world bank ~ ~ ~ ~ us-puppet ~ ~ freedom-lovers are in charge , i 'm sure it will claim that title again . 
  i do n't mean for you to take this the wrong way , but you 're welcome to one of my tea parties any day . 
  seems like it was closed down . 
  you just ca n't get decent national socialist food anymore . 
   brazil has the worlds largest arab and japanese diaspora for instance how did this happen ? 
  what are your reasons for considering the japanese of 1492 warlike compared to their european contemporaries ? 
  [ ladies !, 
  ] ( http://www.brecknock.camden.sch.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/christopher-columbus.jpg ), 
  essentially these sort of comments are saying , ` this article contradicts the consensus on this subreddit ' . 
  i do n't find them insightful or relevant , but perhaps they are appreciated by those who feel like their opinion is ignored or invalidated through unpopularity . 
  this must be the least necessary use of a sarcasm tag i 've yet seen . 
  my geopolitics can be shaky , but is n't armenia involved in a territorial dispute with azerbaijan - who is best buds with russia ? 
  i wo n't allow this , because in the uk we call them ` nurseries ' . 
  you should n't be getting downvoted . 
  germany obviously does n't have the same geopolitical aspirations it once had , and its ideology and government structure has radically changed - * however * it still represents a very influential bloc within the eu and people will ( rightly or wrongly ) fear that . 
  if an eu army were to ever become a thing , the fear would need to be addressed . 
  they should have put * this * on the side of a bus !, 
  i thought the greeks invented overflowing asses . 
  nord stream 2 would not be at risk if russia rolled into ukraine ( and the world sat by ) - is what i think / u/cpt _ ballsack meant . 
  balls , you 're right . 
  i think you 're embarrassing yourself by replying in this way , and he is drawing power from me feeling the need to say this . 
  that 's good . 
  i 'm visiting your country next week and was worried i 'd get stopped at customs . 
  you could not be more wrong !, 
  croats are vile thieves and looters . 
  broke up a strong union and made a big mess . 
  illyria for the liburnians and illyrians !, 
  edit : in retrospect this might be a sore topic . 
  in / r/unitedkingdom we like to joke about the celtic tribes we violently displaced , but i guess we do n't have a recent civil war to be sensitive about . 
  why is it always my fellow brits who do n't know how to use apostrophes ? 
  you 're not contracting anything , you 're not creating a possessive - do n't just use an apostrophe because it feels right !, 
  sorry about that . 
  have you been paying attention to what happens when middle eastern regimes , ` go ' ? 
  at least the saudi royals * pretend * to be moderate - they 're holding the real theocrats at bay . 
  regime-change is expensive and counter-productive . 
  stop selling them weapons , and stop allowing them spread their harmful interpretation of islam . 
  they 'll be irrelevant by the end of the century , without us having to lift a finger . 
  / u/ziekr must organise formula 1 races . 
  it 's in for repair .
