  i was given a small philips flat screen television from my family . 
  it is about 19 inches and from phillips . 
  when you plug it in it emits an audible whine until you unplug it ( and for a second afterward ) . 
  it will not turn on at all . 
  i 'm thinking it 's a dead capacitor . 
  does this sound like the case ? 
  i have several old computer power supplies laying around ( like 8 ) and i was able to pick up an old dell flat screen monitor for 3 bucks without the adapter . 
  it takes 14 volts at 3 amps and the adapter costs 10 bucks plus like 7 bucks shipping . 
  i was wondering if i can turn one of my really old power supplies into the adapter for this . 
  i got it for 90 bucks a year ago and i was just wondering how it stacks up to you guy 's builds . 
  i have a amd fx 6300 and 8gb of ram to go with it . 
  550watt power supply . 
  i have a hp compaq 6000 pro that i want to put a spare gtx460 into , for a cheap last gen gaming rig . 
  nothing fancy here , just prob fallout new vegas on it . 
  i wan na keep prices low so i was hoping to keep the same mobo , and i have extra power supplies . 
  i would just change out the powersupply to one with two 6 pin power outs but the motherboard takes a 6 pin cpu power in and is very nonstandard . 
  please help . 
  ( also if you could point me to a gpu that doesnt take extra power that would be good enough for last gen games then please let me know ) . 
  every once in a while me and 5-6 buddies and id like to find a game that would suit us nicely . 
  we have been playing halo : ce and minecraft and we would like a more modern experiance . 
  id appreciate any input . 
  i have will have to run wellish on a gtx460, 
  i am making a budget build and im trying to not spend anymore money on it . 
  i spent 60 bucks on a motherboard cpu combo , but it didnt come with a heatsink or fan . 
  i had the rest of the parts , i just need the heatsink/fan . 
  i have an old intel heatsink and fan , but im lacking that x mounting plate . 
  is it ok to attach a heatsink/cpu to the cpu via zipties ? 
  ok so i scraped together my uncle a pc that he can use for last gen games ( 2005-2011 ) . 
  it has, 
  a core 2 duo eh 400, 
  2 gb of ddr2 ram, 
  450 watt psi, 
  9500 gt 1 gb, 
  i told him if i find a better video card i 'll replace the 9500 . 
  i have now a 8800gt , but it is the 256 mb edition . 
  would he see an improvement ? 
  i know the 8800gt is more powerful , but will the lack of video ram cripple it ? 
  ( mainly in fallout 3 and new vegas . 
  possibly saints row 2 ), 
  im helping a family friend with their computer and this ting is still running windows xp . 
  it can handle 7 just fine , it just doesnt have it . 
  do i just do a new install without formatting ? 
  i just feel that it would have been awesome with the two screens and touch controls . 
  hey what would be a good upgrade for my soon to be 5 year old card ? 
  a r9 290x ? 
  something less ? 
  more ? 
  i dont play 4k and i dont plan on it in the future . 
  i just installed ubuntu server 12.04 . 
  i try to update the list ( im super new to linux command line , ive been followinf tutorials and ive done it successfully twice , but this ... is my hardware broken ? 
  ( its a crappy laptop with a busted screen , perfect for a headless minecraft server , or so i though . ), 
  image of the screen after i hit enter http://i.imgur.com/mh02m9l.jpg, 
  the driver 's side door wont lock with the key or from the inside . 
  i try to push down on the little lock and it locks all the other doors , ( i think its suppose to do that ) but when i try to lock it from the outside , it unlocks all the other doors instead of locking them , and the drivers side door doesnt lock at all . 
  can you guys please give me some advice to check it out . 
  its my first car and this started today . 
  im working on a project for school , but i have always been interested in this myself . 
  it is called the counter culture and was against the norms of society at the time , however were the hippies ever beaten back or had laws put in place to control them ? 
  im having trouble looking it up and if someone who knows about this ( or lived through it ) could give me a little help on what happened or how to phrase it to reasearch i would be very appeciative . 
  i have little mechanical experience . 
  but i have several friends going through votech right now and my friends dad is a mechanic ( for american cars ) . 
  i got the volvo in february as my first car . 
  the guage was broken then too . 
  i was just wondering if this was a common problem that could be fixed in a weekend or if this is a suck it up and pay a shop to fix . 
  if it is how much might it cost ? 
  thank you in advance , 
  i found a panasonic tv from 1982 and it seems to be in great functional shape except for this problem . 
  is this a picture tuning thing or will i need to replace a part ? 
  i do n't mind replacing a part , i am quite handy and i understand the risks involved in crt repair . 
  i am making a secondary computer out of parts that have been discarded by my neighbors . 
  i have a core 2 duo e8500 ( @ 3.00 ghz ) , and a phentom x4 9500 ( @ 2.2 ghz ) . 
  the core 2 duo has more cache , higher clock speed , and is a newer manufacturing process , but which one should i use in this build ? 
  ill be making a media center pc to play fallout 3 , new vegas , and skyrim mostly along with movies and netflix . 
  ( it will have 8 gb of ddr2 ram and a hd 5870 video card ) . 
  will the extra threads make any diffrence or will the lower clock speed , less cache , and larger transistors negate any advantages from being a quad core ? 
  it is driving me nuts and i was wondering if there was a way to make it closer to how it is in new vegas and 3 . 
  maybe perception up to 10 ? 
  i 'm at 7 now and i only get the markers when in caution . 
  i want to be able to plug in a usb drive and run a batch file to auto install a bunch of programs , but i do not know the syntax to choose the correct settings for each install . 
  in otherwords , how do i automate clicking `` ok , ok , ok , finish '' with a batch file or something similar . 
  i am looking for a camera for my mom , and while she is n't very picky about quality , she is very impatient . 
  what is the term i should look for that shows how fast the camera takes a photo . 
  the time between pressing the button and when the photo is taken and ready for another to be taken . 
  i cant seem to find anywhere on product pages that say that . 
  thanks for any advice you can give me . 
  system specs :, 
  intel \u00ae xeon \u00ae processor x3210, 
  ( 8m cache , 2.13 ghz , 1066 mhz fsb ), 
  6 gb of ddr2 ( non ecc ), 
  146.4 gb sas 15,000 rpm boot drive . 
  i recently got this server from my friend 's dad 's company as it was being retired . 
  i set it up as a file server and i also wanted to make host a minecraft server as well . 
  well once i set it up and it all works i started to invite friends . 
  4 people were on it in total and the cpu was at around 50 % and ram usage was at 3 gb . 
  then it lagged out a whole lot and gave me the `` warn ca n't keep up did the system time change or is the server overloaded low cpu usage '' error before it timed out and quit . 
  the weird thing is that the cpu and ram usage was low and within an acceptable range . 
  can someone help me understand what could be causing it ? 
  i work in a repair shop and a person came in with a desktop . 
  he said he tried to upgrade his storage by adding another hard drive and it stopped booting . 
  well , sounds easy enough , most likely boot order is messed up .
