  and that is a shame, 
  no wonder my taxes are so high . 
  1 ) i 'm not a peace , i struggle with a bit of depression, 
  2 ) i bought a firetruck . 
  it sure does . 
  it just leaves a lot of people who are not me , or my family , or people i have a vested interest in sad . 
  and i 'm ok with that . 
  well , the europe that i want to exist is disappearing as we speak , so im not hopeful . 
  exactly . 
  im just scared all the blonde people will be gone before i get to visit . 
  i mean , here in nj it is not that weird to have weeks of 90 degree temps + humidity . 
  for the jump from 100 to 90 its not worth the trip . 
  in new jersey 's capital city trenton ( i live like 2 miles from the city limits ) in 1968 , after martin luther king jr. . was assasinated , the black population in town rioted for 3 days . 
  pretty much every buisness in town was either robbed , burnt , or ransacked . 
  police officers , and firefighters were attacked and pelted with rocks . 
  after it was over insurance companies refused full payouts to the the store owners . 
  so basically within 2 months every white resident ( remember , 1968 , this destruction just fueled a already prejudice mindset , and not without good reason ) that could afford it , and every major company and buisness left town . 
  now there is all this property , left damaged and without local jobs . 
  this means its cheap , which is perfect for poor blacks who were coming from the south ( southern states , trying to clear out large black populations had free bus lines to northern cities ) to move in . 
  so what you are left with is a city , with no jobs , a full population of poor , largely uneducated , and hostile due to all the mistreatment they endure from police ( because they often break the law , due to being uneducated and not having local jobs ) and no real economy . 
  so while they may not have started it , you can see how the not fully in the know 1960 's slighty racist white person whitnessed the chain of `` black people move in -  burn down and loot everything -  i lose my job and my investment in my house ( property value plummits ) -  now the city is a shit hole '', 
  repeat for several small citys and towns and you can see how this tension arises . 
  i would n't . 
  you could n't pay me to go inside center city camden . 
  although the half mile radius from the aquarium is nice . 
  has a historic battleship as a museum ( the uss new jersey , used intermittently in combat from 1942 to 1991 ) and a concert venue !, 
  reired at 27 in a shitty neighborhood . 
  yep , checks out completely . 
  this doenst apply to the east coast . 
  my 1992 volvo 240 uses exposed ceramic fuses . 
  just a ceramic cylinder with exposed metal in the middle . 
  it was a matchbook, 
  you are assuming that it isnt still loved . 
  it looks at least 1970s . 
  it has been loved for 40 years . 
  thats something that people often dont achieve . 
  what counts as good mpg . 
  jeeps , it seems from personal experience need at least 500 dollars in work every 18 months . 
  now if it is a 1996 grand cherokee that you love to pieces , or a 1986 wrangler that you take off roading and absolutely love that makes sense . 
  for a 2003 unibody `` suv '' ( its in quotes for a reason ) its not worth it . 
  thank goodness all of those fluids are cheap . 
  and its summer , just run water . 
  remember , volvo was owned by ford for a bit . 
  look at a 1990 volvo 240 . 
  kinda slow , but that means you can pound it absolutely everywhere . 
  seats 5 . 
  super tough , and one of the safest cars of the era . 
  it was my first car and i dont regret it . 
  ( got it 2015 ), 
  yea , i own a 5.9 l ford 360 . 
  all of the displacement !, 
  water does n't hurt electronics , its the corrosion caused by sitting water and all the crap that the water can bring with it and fit in tiny crevices . 
  best is to take it somewhere to clean it out . 
  well , i always saw it as 0 is damn cold , and 100 is damn hot . 
  my state gets both 0 and 100 every year , so it makes sense to me . 
  its a usable scale of 1 to 100 in hotness . 
  find something from the 80s that is boxy . 
  those are exciting and cheap . 
  eh , all the the conservative people i know hated school , and opted for trade school instead . 
  i do n't think the `` libruls '' is accurate . 
  worked in a mom and pop computer repair place in princeton ... yep . 
  at least 3 a month . 
  i second the junk yard idea . 
  that way you can see how to undo it without too much worrying about doing it wrong or breaking something . 
  yea , but the psp is the greatest gba of all time, 
  you know in my grandmas house the play room had a tv from 1988 until 2009 or so . 
  ... i do this ... i think im in love . . 
  1 ) get some tools and some knowhow of basic car repair and maintenance, 
  i googled good first cars . 
  the first result was a reddit post with the top comment talking about a volvo 240 . 
  i got a 1992 volvo 240 sedan for 1500 dollars at age 17 ( in 2015 ) . 
  now it has needed some repairs , but most were done by myself and its not that expensive of a car to repair . 
  pre 1996 cars do n't have nearly as many computers and sensors , and early 1990s cars were the last that were truely simple . 
  3 ) try to go with a fleet car if possible . 
  any model ( not the particular car but the same model ) that was part of a fleet has tons of them in junk yards , experienced mechanics , and enthusiasts who tinkered with them since they are cheap second hand . 
  since the volvo 240 was a municipal fleet car in sweden from the 70s to the 90s there are tons of parts and guides for everything online . 
  this also goes for ford trucks and the crown victoria line of sedans . 
  stay away from dealerships if you are strapped for cash . 
  a 2000 dollar dealership car is the same thing as a 700 dollar craigslist car , but with more balloons and taxes . 
  the warranty for things under 5 grand usually is nonexistent . 
  still works . 
  its in my room . 
  because thats when the mid 90s tv was retired from the living room and given to the play room, 
  nope . 
  it was surprisingly modern . 
  it had rubber buttons for channel up and down with a led channel counter . 
  on a galaxy s6 its doable , but it sucks, 
  eh , just add oil fix the windows, 
  oh yea forgot about the buttons . 
  yea there is almost no way for a novice to remove the screen without breaking it . 
  totally not worth it . 
  however replacing the battery is n't that hard . 
  the back isnt hard to get off , and if it does crack in the attempt a new back is pretty cheap . 
  besides for that it is like 12 philips screws and thats it . 
  when i worked at a phone repair store the supplier sstparts.com was pretty good . 
  id get the back glass and a battery . 
  the glass is maybe 10 dollars . 
  its was phased out in the early 1990s , the last of the stuff that was produced from back then will be broken down by the sub by then . 
  basically the hole in the ozone will be healing faster by 2020 . 
  id say this sub is center-right which is a bit of fresh air compared to the extremely left default subs .
