  nope . 
  most guys might glance at an attractive woman but it takes a real douche to cheat . 
  / r/f7u12 i rarely go there anymore . 
  fire . 
  lots of fire . 
  also diseased corpses . 
  you should have burnt down denny 's . 
  just tell us !, 
  9 of my previous posts ... 
  facebook . 
  never got one . 
  not planning to . 
  well the ps1 was less powerful and had a harder time producing 3d games with the quality of the 64 . 
  the ps2 was really amazing though . 
  parmesan cheese add it to most things . 
  it make tasty . 
  it does, 
  i hate basket ball, 
  that 's the best use of minecraft ive ever heard of . 
  does he get scared by mobs ? 
  zoomed from jak2 and 3, 
  the best kind of assault, 
  well if installed right and not opened up and messed with ( unless by trained professionals ) asbestos is a wonderful insulator and harmless . 
  trade please ?!, 
  or arson , there 's always arson , 
  remember you could have just burnt down the school when nobody was there , 
  good attitude !, 
  nope some fuckers do !, 
  we do n't get them often . 
  i 'm sorry we did n't live up to your expectations . 
  where are you from perchance ? 
  loved the setting . 
  hated the main characters . 
  ladder week ... 
  yep my 1001 model playstation ( 1995 ) bearly reads anything but my 7001 model ( 1997 ) works perfectly . 
  it might not be fucked up but is certainly unreachable . 
  i want to have hot lesbian sex with my gf . 
  if this was my gf then i would clean up , feel pretty bad about me causing it , comfort her and take a shower together , 
  nope . 
  dying sounds like a great punishment !, 
  oh i hate when this happens ... 
  i 'm having that problem with my gf . 
  trust me he is probably feeling way worse or at least just as bad . 
  it 's not your fault . 
  ya it sucks . 
  it just makes you feel like your not a `` real man '' and brings down your self esteem to the floor . 
  which team ? 
  just showing that its ok really , but you ca n't make it seem forced . 
  lots of love and snuggles is what makes me feel better when it happens . 
  avast is also good, 
  it was on a pier and i was fishin off the pier with my friend a 3 months before the storm ... its weird seeing it like this . 
  i did !, 
  it makes no sense to me . 
  i didnt make it part of the array though . 
  i hooked up a light switch you flick on and off to get it started , 
  what is the real problem in doing it like this ? 
  heat distribution ? 
  my grandfather helped start fiberguide and helped develop fiber optics in the 70 's . 
  he was also in the navy in the korean war . 
  oh good that means i 'll prob like scotch because i love german fetish porn !, 
  well at least you and op realized it and did n't just run with it . 
  this is much better then my current setup ... 
  well smoking is n't evil . 
  if there were no kids around and he did n't leave the butt then what 's the problem ? 
  tribes !, 
  yes . 
  the 1998 one ( starsiege i think ) is really good , freeware , small ( under 150 mb ) and epic for lan parties . 
  it runs on anything !, 
  i have a pentium 3 laptop and it runs with no lag at all !, 
  no would that have effected it ? 
  i had a computer that as far as i could tell the battery was dead ( it would read midnight whenever you turned it on ) and it booted up fine . 
  as far as i can tell its in good shape , besides the not turning on that is . 
  checked . 
  nope . 
  it does n't boot up and the fans stop when the 4 pin black and yellow wire are connected to the mobo ( i forget what it is called . 
  girlfriend 's mom needs to learn this . 
  i see no regrets here . 
  that 's when you burn down the school . 
  he never said that his friends were responding , just that his girlfriends were falling for them . 
  well your size does n't matter when it comes to arson . 
  you need way more karma for this . 
  this is like front page stuff !, 
  better then our 2012 robot . 
  i 'm, 
  the wiring guy as well . 
  team 2495 !, 
  it 's 300 , themoreyouknow !, 
  i would never do this to mine , but if i had 2 ... 
  and ... now i 'm turned on ... 
  why ? 
  floppys still have a purpose, 
  they are good for safely ( read secretly ) transferring files between 2 people . 
  also most computers auto boot from floppies . 
  good in case of emergencies . 
  pentium 4 's can still do a lot . 
  if you do n't do anything intensive then it will serve you fine . 
  1-2 gigs of ram are enough for most everything ( not much multi tasking though ) . 
  oh and if the hdd is noisy from years of use , replace it . 
  i got a few of these up and about the house . 
  both people wo n't be able to read it and the fact that i can give them away to my friends and not worry about getting the usb drive back .
