  * says redditor from west coast or somewhere else that does n't matter *, 
  well , he has to be a genuine guy over all to get genuine pms of tits . 
  make sure it is the correct length for the wavelength, 
  stuck in the 1950 's . . ? 
  also i agree , fuck the pine barrens . 
  they are deadfully boring , sandy places that im not fond of , even as a person from new jersey . 
  wot ? 
  this made no sense . 
  the . jpg works ... 
  i recyle every computer i can into something useful , and if i ca n't then i take it to the township recycling . 
  do n't throw away your computer . 
  similar material is coated with plastic and used as insulation . 
  and a much larger headache with less consistant payments . 
  that sounds amazing for me by the way . 
  you are ( were ) very lucky . 
  this sounds kinda awesome . . 
  well it is the base of ceasars legion, 
  me too . 
  ive seen old computer parts before . 
  they dont exactly disapprear . 
  im glad i have a 91 volvo with nothing rf in it . 
  it usually costs more then the other options so people do n't choose it :(, 
  my little brother just caught this . 
  will it spread though out the lan to the other computers ? 
  i have a big 24 port 100/10 switch that they are all connected to . 
  i disconnected as soon as he said something . 
  ( like a total 12:03 or something ) he has no important files . 
  ( steam and netflix machine ) but i dom mine is n't infected , but should i worry about mine ? 
  i have important files, 
  how do i check if they have been modified ? 
  is it just where i click up at the top of date modified column or is there a wider scope way to do it, 
  actually no ... ha has been know to do that in the past but for the last few weeks he has gone nowhere but netflix and youtube . 
  i checked . 
  that was amazingly edited . 
  the purpose of this sub is to bitch about people who look like jerks . . 
  i mean . 
  really, 
  thank you !, 
  thank you . 
  that gives me a very good chunk of what i need, 
  most people named madison have a very pretty face in my experience . 
  the double burgers equal roughly 3/4 of the size of a normal burger from anywhere else . 
  i mean ... older motherboards still exist . . 
  i am a beautiful person . 
  i have a big deal . 
  i have a big deal . 
  i have a big deal . 
  i have brunch on a daily for a new job and a lot more to do . 
  but , it would take to make a decision on what i have been the case . 
  but ... 
  i love thinkpads ... the build quality is amazing ... 
  i hope my 91 volvo 240 will get that far . 
  ( 190700 miles ), 
  you forgot the / s, 
  no idea why you are being downvoted . 
  that is what they are saying . 
  new jersey :(, 
  wait what song was that ? 
  remindes me of my jon ringtone http://www.reddit.com/r/manyatruenerd/comments/2imenu/thank_you_jon_for_my_new_ringtone_courtesy_of/, 
  huh , never knew that . 
  thank you, 
  no neither light is on im pretty sure . 
  oh but i love it !, 
  i hope it can be an option to turn it on and off . 
  i have a cat that we have had since she was 2 weeks old . 
  she is terrified of everything and is going to turn 3 soon . 
  still bearly says hi . 
  even when she does she will stop halfway through , look like we will kill her , then dart away . 
  all we do is just pet her . 
  [ i 'm so excited . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=72&amp;v=g6a6pmo_wkm ), 
  hey im from new jersey too !, 
  thank you good sir, 
  but this also means low system requirments . 
  you could run fallout 3 on a gig of ddr2 , a 3ghz pentium 4 and a 6600gt ... 
  i mean . . there are a lot less ads to host and the ads are chosen for you . 
  plus people pay to put them in place . 
  if you decided to watch a video that was posted in 2010 with 6 views why would they host it on one of the faster local servers ? 
  dude i bet you could pick 2 or 3 chicks a piece . 
  i am also pooping . 
  here is a pic of the problem, 
  or the spring under it broke, 
  i am using a ps1 with the rfconverter . 
  it works with the channel 3 on my 1988 tv just fine . 
  also ive tried v-hold and h-hold . 
  no fixing it . 
  the sound works just fine . 
  when i did it did n't do much, 
  i have solved it . 
  it was a weird combination of the dials in the back . 
  thank you all for your help, 
  the electric motor really hates being used for a long time at the same speed . 
  unlike a diesel motor which thrives in that environment . 
  let me rephrase . 
  the electric motor is best suited and most efficient going at varying speeds , especially stop and start . 
  while the internal combustion motor is most efficient going a constant speed . 
  plus the battery vs fuel issue . 
  diesel ( especially for trucks and cargo trains ) is the best choice and will remain so until electricity becomes mind-bogglingly cheap . 
  electric cars however is a good idea and we should invest heavily in solar and wind . 
  like in fallout 2 ?
