  so nobody even tries to follow the law . 
  yea , but it is on the sea , and it specifies that it is on the east coast, 
  sounds right tbh . 
  not a blunder if you were cute . 
  my friend works at a volvo truck dealership . 
  i 'll ask him if it 's standard procedure to not test . 
  yes . 
  and if there is , it might be hard to see . 
  take a tooth pick and rub it on three bottom of the port and try to pick off dust . 
  doing that is like disabling cylinders on a car . 
  you could in theory shut off 3 cylinders ( of a v6 ) for just around town , then go back to 6 for highway , but that is a bit silly , and you would want that power around town as well . 
  all modern games use more then one core anyway so only allowing it to use one will hurt performance . 
  power consumption will be a bit lower with only using some cores , however that power is n't just wasted power that needs to be cleaned up . 
  that power is being used by the processor to run your game ( as games use more then one core ) . 
  so yes the battery life would be less , but that 's okay because if you disabled a core then the game would be unusable anyway . 
  i super need to go to sweden then . 
  are there women like that too ? 
  i just got a 1974 f350 !, 
  it 's gasoline though , sadly . 
  any self respecting coal roller got rid of egr ( damn guberment refulations ) and the engine is straight piped . 
  i am jealous . 
  my f350 gets 8 city , 10 highway . 
  however that is with a fe 360 gasoline engine . 
  yep . 
  mine is a 1974 f350 with the 5.9 l v8 fe360 . 
  it used to belong to a fire company in north new jersey as a equiptment truck . 
  runs like a dream . 
  119,000 miles on it . 
  got it in march for 3000 bucks and it needed like 600 bucks in stuff ( water pump , rad , brake master cylinder , battery ) . 
  it 's really cool though with the tool box bed and legit emergency lights . 
  my dad closed my 240 door way too hard one time and ripped the speaker right out ... 
  i 'm still rocking mono ... 
  that was my friend kicking it getting in . 
  between kyle , my dad , and alex the passenger door has gotten progressively worse . 
  drivers door is fine . 
  yep . 
  i 'm only 19 and i really wanted a f350 firetruck . 
  i do . 
  those dicks . 
  i also grateful though . 
  i 've heard stories of people with the same engine getting 8 highway and 5 city . 
  and 5 highway with the automatic . 
  they think because the doors are heavy you have to slam them !, 
  you do n't !, 
  shame . 
  if this had the 4.3 l then this is seriously impressive . 
  those things suck . 
  wait . . how ? 
  um ... my friend dailys a car that was 500 . 
  he is wringing a burger into a oil filter . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  198k miles on it . 
  eh , black people for the most part were dicks to me growing up , and i think they are ugly . 
  that is the gist of it . 
  edit : down votes for an honest opinion where it is asked for ? 
  really ? 
  would you rather i lie ? 
  i 'd say that is accurate . 
  very occasionally i 'll have to rip like 200 cds at once . 
  makes it very fast . 
  one could say that . 
  some family members of mine need help ripping the last 20 years orlf purchased music . 
  yea most likely . 
  jak 2 with its far apart as hell respawn points was my favorite . 
  qbittorrent has a simple old timey interface that i love . 
  my car threw all the lights on when the alternator died and the battery went really low . 
  however that only had obd1, 
  any non-chrysler product . 
  back in 1997 tutorials were a new idea . 
  you were suppose to read the book that came with it . 
  its not the game 's fault . 
  but those exist . 
  i used to work next to a land rover dealership here in nj . 
  very possible he went there . 
  my f350 is a manual and gasoline , however it is from 1974 so not sure if that means much . 
  was the rest of the lot full ? 
  was he taking up valuable spots ? 
  currently one town over from trenton . 
  nobody in the ghetto does that and keeps both their health and their car . 
  one of the other . 
  sometimes i take up 2 spots with my truck , but always in the back . 
  i just do n't wan na either have someone hit my collectable f350 , or take out anyone who gets too close with its terrible turning radius . 
  i love tip-assist, 
  those were valuble evil people . 
  there has n't been a valuble person in the middle east since year 0, 
  it is a fair bit in nj . 
  thats what my grandpa pays in princeton junction . 
  you were simply on the wrong side of the road . 
  wot ... gas pumps in other states do this ... ? 
  ( from nj ), 
  me too thanks, 
  its kind of falling apart , however the heater is the best one ive seen ever . 
  you do n't dedicate a large chunk of money to an iron , nor do you depend on it to get you to work every day . 
  totally happens all the time . 
  best part about having a ford truck ( pretty much any one of them ) they all use the same oil filter . 
  a 4 dollar oem filter . 
  me and my friend ride around on tires from 2000 every week . 
  and in 16 years they are garbage . 
  as someone in it this scares me . 
  mainly because they are not using rom anymore ...
