  my 1992 volvo 240 has abs and it never did anything weird like that . 
  the computer in that thing isnt that complicated . 
  pff . 
  you have n't seen my cars . 
  i know they have all had programming since day one , but what i meant was when did they get anything more complex then a small amount of code running from a rom ? 
  it was taken from a box that was put away in the early 90s ... my uncle bill was at the concert . 
  do you mean bootleg from the concert ? 
  nope . 
  they are all small actually . 
  well , if it was a boot leg then it was a february 1980 bootleg . 
  i might do that . 
  they are technically my dad 's ( was cleaning out grandparents house , uncle who originally bought them in 1980 passed them up not knowing they could be worth money , my dad scooped them up ) and we do have time to sell them, 
  family video also owns a phone and tech repair chain called digital doc . 
  it 's relatively new , i worked at the only one in the east coast for a year . 
  well how many miles do you do a year ? 
  well newer cars do n't care about miles as much as they used to . 
  newer cars should be able to go at least 150,000 miles no issue if you take care of them . 
  so i would n't focus on the miles as much . 
  but here are some points that are pushing me to the ford :, 
  chrysler 200 complaints - over 1000, 
  - mostly about transmission, 
  ford fusion complaints - 351, 
  - mostly about interior accessories . 
  id go with the ford . 
  yep . 
  most other issues can be delt with over time , or put off , or can be fixed cheaply if taken care of early . 
  transmissions go from 0 to expensive real damn quick . 
  car runs rough ? 
  eh , it can get me to work until i can take it in this weekend . 
  windows stopped working ? 
  sucks , but i can deal with it until i have the chance/money to fix it . 
  wo n't shift out of reverse ? ... 
  lose forward gears while on the highway ? 
  i hope you have enough momentum to pull over . 
  well an original bootleg might be worth something too, 
  damnit bill !, 
  why were n't you a fatter teen, 
  depends on the car , but if you get a 1500 dollar car , and need to spend 2000 in repairs in the next few years then you will still come out on top . 
  if you are mechanically inclined at all then a 1500 dollar car with a repair budget of 2000 dollars is a good plan in my book . 
  well . 
  you use your computer to be productive . 
  if you spend more money to have a computer that can run the newest os , and since the requirements are so high not much more , how is that helpful ? 
  titan vista . 
  because it will be always crashing . 
  i dont think that thing has a carb . 
  looks mid 80s to early 90s . 
  carbs were out of most designs by then . 
  new screens seem to be about 50 bucks . 
  that design of laptop usually is pretty easy to fix . 
  is this tech `` basic '' fat ? 
  no i 'm a fat guy . 
  i just was hoping there was a thin girl attempting to go into it . 
  i take up 2 spots in my new truck . 
  a 1974 f-350 with a toolbox bed which i am still learning how to maneuver correctly . 
  i do n't want to take anyone out when i pull out . 
  if you take up 2 spots , make sure that you are in the back or the next lot over or the grass . 
  not if you do the work yourself, 
  could be one of those go-pro knock offs on amazon . 
  there are a lot of them that are decent for under 50 bucks . 
  i mean ... would . 
  you call someone driving drunk in an enclosed trailer park , that contains flimsy houses full of neighbors and families , not white trash ( if they are white ), 
  the newer it is , the less milage matters . 
  however around 150,000 miles , or 13 years things start to break if you do n't keep up on maintenance . 
  i can not say anything for 2009 and newer chevys , but i know that late 90s to mid 2000s ones are not a good choice . 
  a bunch of my friends own chevys , and all 4 mid 2000s ones they owned needed major engine work . 
  the only chevys that i know to be reliable personally is the death traps of the late 70s and 80s . 
  i 'd just avoid chevy if you can , but do your research and make your own decision . 
  just avoid the chevy 4.3 l. 
  that is a pile . 
  this car looks good . 
  i 'd say go for it . 
  at a dealer they would try to sell it for 7500 or more most likely . 
  what do you mean not legal ... 
  that one has ( moderately ) easy to change out off the shelf components . 
  if poor white people are struggling , there is no story . 
  when have poor people ( collectively ) made good political decisions ? 
  this is my comment asking to enter . 
  it was high 60s today , a bit over cast . 
  absolutely beautiful to be outside . 
  i worked on my classic truck !, 
  depending on your location in nj , it 's the same thing . 
  today it is like 2.25 or so . 
  how is that compared to yours ? 
  i have classic cars that i do n't want people touching . 
  i just get out and do it . 
  they do n't stop me . 
  i can see that you have only visited the shitty parts . 
  and at least our state is n't an inbred swamp . 
  that is average . 
  my local station is a bit less . 
  i like how you do n't deny that you are in fact an inbred swamp . 
  they upped the taxes . 
  taxes on gas have n't risen for like 20 years or so until a few months ago . 
  which words ? 
  and, 
  little hint . 
  you can make companions carry more then their carry weight by `` trading '' them items . 
  they can not refuse a good deal , even if they are full . 
  so companions essentially have infinite pack mule capacity . 
  ... i did n't edit the posts ...
