i know a kid that smells weird , but it does n't smell like any food i know of though . 
  do you happen to know if there is a food that smells like melted crayons and dog poo, 
  no faces ? 
  good but does n't belong here . 
  try a different sub-reddit , 
  good point , congress wo n't help anybody . 
  they are a bunch of sniveling crybabies who do n't share or play nice . 
  it seems to be a requirement to get elected . 
  anybody who does care and plays nice gets shunned by the other monkeys in suits . 
  i hate it when adults use the phrase `` respect your elders '' . 
  whenever i here that i want to stab them in the face with a poodle that is on fire . 
  that phrase has a place and a meaning . 
  i have yet to hear it in its proper place . 
  i have only heard it from assholes that need a reason for themselves to put themselves ahead of me in life . 
  i had a teacher who would use the phrase everyday . 
  she deserved respect because she was a teacher and a person , not because she was older . 
  she always used it when we pointed out something she did wrong , and she always gave us detention for when we pointed out where she screwed us over . 
  it might not be directly related to the topic , but thanks for listening . 
  non-ghetto people , i live near trenton nj and you have to look really hard to find a normal person . 
  we are full of trash regardless of race . 
  happy cake day, 
  `` oh , whatcha playying '' idiot, 
  `` pokemon '' me, 
  `` i got that game , it sucks i am stuck on a part so it sucks '' idiot, 
  `` i do n't give a fuck , go away '' me, 
  yo who is a fag mother fucker , rule 57 bitches, 
  nice i will use this in school, 
  happens . 
  all . 
  the . 
  time . 
  they . 
  really . 
  mad . 
  i 'll flip a coin to decide to upvote or downvote, 
  retoast i first saw this on funny pics around a year ago, 
  oh god sorry you will never be able to look at him the same way again, 
  flaming gays , i am fine with gay people and same sex marriage but the people that go out of their way to prove that they are gay really bug me . 
  retoast saw it months ago, 
  8,902 downvotes !!!, 
  who the fuck in there right mind would down vote this ?!?!? 
  before you do see the video, 
  i hate it when black people call me niger ( i 'm white ), 
  yep, 
  sounds expensive, 
  i have a friend who lost her virginity at 12 and i was like why the fuck would you want to do that !?!, 
  i am fucking obsessed with fancy office supplies . 
  all black & deckerd stuff smells like that too, 
  they do if you are trying hard enough , i know this because math homework is boring . 
  yes , yes it was . 
  thank the almighty jebus, 
  69 battery percent lol, 
  i like spiders but when they are in the shower or in my bed , their dead !, 
  yes it , is you can do simple math !, 
  only if you do n't live in a city . 
  i 'm 1-2 miles from trenton and if you get to close you can feel the ghetto rubbing off . 
  how the hell is that remotely close enough !?!?!, 
  but i gave an upvote . 
  yep i friend zoned myself when my mind crashed and i said no . 
  i am currently trying to win her over . 
  i wrote her a poem , i posted it to / r/poems ( http://www.reddit.com/r/poems/comments/skgyv/i_was_given_this_day_assignment_in_freshman/ ), 
  no we were n't but the way she looked at me during the pause said she was open to it . 
  keep in mind that i was socially awkward penguin, 
  good luck wish you two the best of luck, 
  my uncle ran out of disk space on his laptop so he got frustrated and threw it in the trash compactor with no consent of anyone else who uses the computer and without removing any of the files . 
  we were all so pissed, 
  pretty sure a retoast, 
  happens more then it should ... 
  i am really sick of the feminism movement it is way too much, 
  happens too much and im not blonde, 
  mitch hedburg !!!!!!, 
  its a shame he died though ... 
  so was my grandpa , it was really hard the teach him how to load and operate an mp3 player, 
  ya the oatmeal rocks , do n't steal from them, 
  deadmau5 is epic your dad is awsome, 
  this is a really sad story and should have never happened . 
  the comic was good , but too long try r/ragenovels for this . 
  ffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu is for short comics , for people with short attention spans . 
  speaking of attention spans my brother has adhd and loves cats . 
  i love cats , and turtles , and monkeys , and bats . 
  i love batman but robin annoys me . 
  he just shows up to be captured . 
  which is similar to how my dog is . 
  he goes outside to ask to come back inside . 
  he ca n't focus on anything at all . 
  good thing i do n't have add or it would be hard to get anything done !, 
  im 14 and my dad talks to me for about an hour a day and i am growing up almost perfect . 
  he is more then a dad , he is my best friend . 
  i know of at least one , me !!, 
  channel surfing , especially with movie channels, 
  a huge black kid was behind me in the bathroom while i was using the urinal and said quite stupidly `` yo ima just gon na piss on this white boy !!!! '', 
  because their was only one urinal and i was using it . 
  fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger yes !, 
  use rubbing alcohol after you pop a zit and apply to the inflicted areas, 
  i do n't want to tell you the trails of links i have taken into the deepest , darkest corners of the internet ... 
  well this might be a bit off topic but whenever someone calls me `` cracker '' my immediate thought is `` oh no , you have just reminded me of a point in history, 
  when i owned money , land , and you and your family . 
  oh what am i going to do !, 
  dr. heinz doofenshmirtz 's songs !!, 
  i am 14 and i want to be 12 again can you make that happen ?
