  i have a 92 , non turbo :(, 
  ... everyone is free to travel without hindrance . 
  on foot . 
  hey , i lost my gf to a neckbeard ( he actually shaves but fits all the other criteria ) who treats her like shit . 
  it happens . 
  not all of them . 
  i own probably the dumbest one in existence . 
  i love my milo , but he solves problems by closing his eyes and hoping his head is hard enough . 
  very true . 
  that is called manyatruenerd . 
  he is a letsplayer ( sort of ) and he is absolutely fantastic to listen to . 
  edits out all coughing and any imperfections , and the boring parts of the games that he is playing . 
  all of his videos are like that ( except his fallout 4 run , and that was by audience request ), 
  never heard of the gas station thing ... 
  have you seen other places ? 
  they are not any better . 
  you must not be from greece, 
  ... did that coast to coast include the nj , ny , pa tristate area ? 
  apparently not . 
  please do n't send them back . 
  we sent them down for a reason dammit . 
   europe here, 
  did n't know reddit had a europe account . 
  i was lucky enough to get the 1995 rerelease of the original trilogy before the additions at a thrift store for 10 bucks like 6 years ago . 
  them is fighting words . 
  you sure are brave to say them on the internet . 
  this was a huge plot point in the incredibles . 
  better on pc , that said infamous second son is a must buy . 
  i love it , bit it is the little things that break on it that drive me nuts . 
  like the gas gauge . . 
  i mean . . my brother is playing fallout 4 on a core 2 quad xq6700 and a gtx 580 with 8 gb of 333mhz ddr2 ram and he is playing fine . 
  my brother has that speed ram , and a core 2 quad xq6700 . 
  its not impossible to be using ddr2 and have a good system . 
  core 2 quad xq6700 here , can play fallout 4 with good frames on medium . 
  ( well my brother 's computer but still ), 
  it was nice considering i got the gtx580 for like 40 bucks and the motherboard and xq6700 at the local e-waste facility for free . 
  ... i fixed my car 's trim that had the same issue with some gorilla glue and 3 cinderblocks to be heavy and up against the car . 
  left it to sit overnight and good as new . 
  a lot more animals then inmates, 
  every word is capitalized ... 
  i 'm worried . . 
  traveling is completely legal . 
  and you can not be hindered . 
  on foot . 
  they seem to forget that concept because the idea of walking from state to state is such a foreign concept . 
   teach that black person not to exist and be black around you, 
   home invasion, 
  existing was n't the only thing they were doing . 
  yes , but the law says that crossing state lines is not a crime . 
  crossing them in a manor that violates other laws is a different matter . 
  deadbolts are usually under 5 dollars for a nice one ... why would someone not get one . 
  i know some people with the old blue ones still . 
  i drive a 1992 car ... it 's not fucking fair . 
  93 model m here !, 
  i 'm from central jersey ( and have n't been up north too much ) buy the general feeling is that we are mad they they both say they dislike us , yet use us for almost everything and then move here once the city gets too expensive . 
  it 's like they do n't like us until money gets tight or they want a real sized house . 
  or semi-affordable cigarettes . 
  easy to ship there and use, 
  easy to ship as in you have to ship something small there once . 
  instead of a lot of other modern conveniences that require robust supply chains . 
  like clean water . 
  or supermarkets . 
  currently doing this . 
  and so far hating it . 
  nj is the only state to use roundabouts . 
  it is such a great system . 
  . . it was $ 1.76 here in nj, 
  the poor xbox is trying its best, 
  60 mbps down , 20 mbps up, 
  that timing makes it, 
  i mean , they usually do . 
  by someone they are attracted to . 
  same . 
  i keep wanting to upgrade but i run everything fine . 
  hell the gtx580 is still able to keep up with fallout 4 . 
  ... average temps of 80c while gaming ... highs of 85c . 
  loved that thing . 
  mine got hot , but it could handle it . 
  reference cooler too . 
  them early 2000s microsoft mice were pretty robust . 
  i meant the 1997-2003 lines . 
  the ball mouse one . 
  i have one connected to my server at home, 
  huh , til, 
  purchased . 
  works as intended and i will use again . 
  i think durability . 
  question , what does nox do that is harmful ? 
  why ? 
  those dell keyboards are a bit of a beast . 
  ... you can get 10 running very well on that old hardware . 
  me , every day . 
  ... my brand new motherboard has them . . 
  that isnt connected to the internet . 
  the only way lack of updates would effect it is if they had physical access , and by that point there are bigger problems to deal with . 
  my little brother is running a a qx6700 with 8 gb of ram and a gtx 580 . 
  runs fallout 4 well enough for him , i should try to overclock it however , it is only at 2.66 ghz . 
  you mean the micro usb 3.0 ? 
  thats not proprietary , look at samsung phones . 
  its connected to a very secure intranet between the banks , through vpn between bank to bank as i understand it .
