  oh and all my computers have floppy drives ( most mobos and even new ones have the correct places to plug them in ) and dos can fit on floppies , just incase . 
  oh your welcome . 
  oh and i use flopped for fun stuff too . 
  i take low res photos , put them on floppys , and make a treasure hunt type thing for my little brother and family parties with kids . 
  i set up an old desktop for this and they feel like spies , 
  ya but i burn cds a lot so i do n't use them if i do n't have to . 
  when your battery is shitty , you need all the power in there . 
  do n't let that guy tell you what to do . 
  be your own man !, 
  yes !, 
  this game was the best !, 
  played it so much when i was younger . 
  perfect !, 
  ya should have been heelies, 
  what os ? 
  i find it extremely difficult to scratch a ps3 game , unless you try on purpose . 
  because its a woman ( preferably a pretty one ) and she likes women . 
  we all like women . 
  we like it when chicks are into the same thing as us , especially boobs  there you go  oh and we do n't like lesbians and much as we like bi girls . 
  we have no chance of getting with a lesbian , but a bi chick we have more of a chance , 
  well i 'm pretty sure if you really are trying they will understand . 
  most guys would believe if a chick said that they were into them because they would doubt it too much . 
  or they are being clueless on purpose because they are not interested . 
  tube tvs stopped around 7 years ago ... 
  december 2013 , my friend got it about a year ago and sat on his shelf until i decided to take it apart . 
  yep 3.5 '', 
  it was in this ... http://i.imgur.com/qo2cqko.jpg, 
  well it looked like this so i could n't test it . 
  sorry , typo , could n't not could . 
  for parts or old computers . 
  i have like 3 sitting around . 
  not filled with trash of course . 
  oh well he smashed it because it would n't work . 
  he does n't have much common sense does he . 
  that 's because they were . 
  he took a hammer to it because it did n't work . 
  there is a lot of smashed stuff at his house, 
  you genuinely made me laugh . 
  i will use this next time i see him . 
  well it was in this before i took it apart . 
  they are really useful though . 
  soooo ... 
  burn down his house when he is asleep . 
  assert your dominance with arson !, 
  if you read it all together it makes no sense . 
  they wo n't they are a second party company , 
  well they did an hd version for the ps3 , i 'm not sure if they would . 
  but that sounds fuckin awsome if they would make it . 
  second party is a company that the main company owns , like hal laboratories for kerby and nintendo . 
  this, 
  i probably wo n't , but yet again how many people have this game , or know what it goes to ? 
  people working for them probably do . 
  i want to start doing that , how can you get that gig going ? 
  was there someone there to teach you or did you figure it out with your wits and internet connection ? 
  good for you , i hope to get something similar going for me . 
  so in the building of girls aged 14-18 the teenage boy , aged 14-18 , would want to get with the old person ... 
  i see your point , yet some porn has `` 18 ! '', 
  be a huge selling point . 
  real 18 year olds can be quite attractive ( disclaimer : i am 16 ), 
  i 've noticed the volatile and such i 'm my peers , and myself . 
  i only spot it in myself in hindsight though . 
  good thing i only have a reddit and email . 
  they are awesome if you want a internet box for a good price , if you are going to use it for much more ( like specific windows applications , microsoft word instead of google docs , etc ) you should get something else . 
  how much memory do you recommend ? 
  i have plenty of hard drives laying around . 
  well its hard to stop that . 
  well that 's just in california ... 
  2295 here !, 
  we meet again !, 
  ok cool . 
  i can do that , i have a bag of old ram that will work , a litteral bag of one gig sticks ... 
  imagine having to plan stuff with this barrier . 
  by gf has something like this ( not this bad but . . ) it makes planning a nightmare . 
  oh and when she comes over it 's 10-4 no exceptions !!!!!!!, 
  if we are together it is usually between the hours of 10am-4 pm because her mom is insaine . 
  she usually eats dinner at 5:30 or so and if she isnt home for dinner i shall be in deep shit . 
  ( her mom is unemployed and her whole life is dedicated to keeping her safe ... from her boyfriend of 1 year , that lives litteraly 4 blocks away , and the world in general . 
  my gf is a very capable person and needs more space . ), 
  16 , its to be expected a bit but come on , we ar n't even alone most of the time . 
  i have a bunch of hdds that sound nice and healthy , ( i know that 's not a guarantee ) i keep most of my nice stuff on a fairly new usb 2tb drive . 
  well i 'm just doing this for practice for the moment , probably 300-500 gb in old drives is what i 'm gon na use . 
  just to see if i can do it . 
  i might put some pictures on it and some video . 
  how big will the effect be and will i be able to shut it off sometimes ? 
  people keep saying that these need to be on 24/7 . 
  her mom is a bit scared of working , herself . 
  bad experiences ( i.e. 
  fuckes up every job she has . ), 
  and she is nervous about letting her daughter work . 
  my gf does want to work though . 
  i have been to a few family dinners but i feel that she is using them as a reason to get her back home earlier . 
  if we offer to feed her ( which is every time . 
  who does n't feed your so ?!?!?!? ), 
  she says she does n't want to be a burden , the mom says this . 
  she is n't the best mom , but she is trying . 
  she is doing the best she can buy she can be very unreasonable and controlling for little to no reason . 
  thank you , i 'll look into these . 
  are you really a liar , how can we be sure ? 
  sweet jesus . 
  well i 'm not gon na use it a whole lot .
