  the gas near me in nj is 1.78 right now . 
  is n't that what this subreddit is all about . 
  welcome to the world . 
  uh . . no ... a geforce 9800gt is a kickass ( old ) card . 
  it can blow new vegas away . 
  he is asking to run a period game with period hardware . 
  this comment is irrelevant . 
  it is like someone with a gtx 680 asking for help with fallout 4 . 
  something is wrong and it is n't the hardware 's strength . 
  a gtx 680 would not handle fallout 4 ? 
  notice where it sits on this chart http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/gaming-graphics-card-review,3107-7.html, 
  ive run it on a gtx 480 and it runs on medium quite well . 
  and my little brother is playing it with a phentom ii 940 with a r9 280 and the 2010 chip is handling it fine . 
  hardware is n't garbage as soon as it hits 3 years old . 
  you were claiming that a gtx 680 would run it poorly , and it would n't . 
  and i was saying that i could get acceptable performance out of an even older card my gtx 480 ( at 1080p i may add ) . 
  3000 is still kinda a lot for a teenager car . 
  i got my first car last february for $ 1500, 
  sounds like hell on the starter motor ... 
  mine car runs well and had 190,000 miles on it . 
  but ... hangouts is actually very good ... 
  are they a legal entity ? 
  if you do n't do what they ask , what are the consequences ? 
  no you are not . 
  $ 10 an hour for gas station attendants ? 
  wot . . 
  well ya , but i thought you were saying the minimum they got paid were $ 10 an hour onto of the other costs . 
  the only time ive had a cat ruin anything was when they were sick , or too elderly to hold it in . 
  dancing was only for cocky black people and jocks . 
  now , it still is and i ca n't and wo n't dance to avoid being like them . 
  i am bitter and full of resentment . 
  . . they were recoded for the ps3 's weird ass cpu , and it would be expensive to redo them for no extra charge . 
  no they could n't emulate them , they had to rewrite some code to get them to work . 
  i kinda like this one for real . 
  here in nj my house ( and so do many of my friends ) have gas furnaces with radiators and base boards . 
  my friend has the same but instead of gas he has an oil burner . 
  but . . they are really efficient ... it seems counter productive . 
  new jersey : only one who is really against it who i 've seen is my catholic grandpa . 
  its the area you are in . 
  in rural areas ... 
  thanks !, 
  this is fantastic, 
  there is more colors then volvo green ? 
  1993 volvo 240 here . 
  great car . 
  all i have is 2 green ones :( ( original and one i pulled from another volvo 240 at a scrap yard ), 
  i like that plan !, 
  * buys car with broken odometer *, 
  92 240 here . 
  i only look into a noise if it makes it for more then 1 week . 
  so far , good investment . 
  i really hope the new cpus coming out next year will be good . 
  hurt is better then dead, 
  because conditions in the air are way more extreme then on the ground . 
  plus , if your car stalls out on the highway you will have to pull over . 
  if you stall out in the air ( way more likely ) you can and will crash and possibly kill others . 
  i like that solution . 
  nobody got seriously hurt ( except the chicken ) and the dog learned not to do that . 
  lead products were not seen as dangerous , so the people did n't know . 
  i figured as such . 
  i still really like that idea . 
  i mean , dogs ca n't understand speech , but generally they will learn after a while of being hit with the object they brought home . 
  that ... sounds really annoying and dangerous . 
  ... as if iran is together enough to wage war on anyone . 
  if they could , they would have . 
  i was confused what the gore was besides for the dust ... 
  i have a 92 and the only thing that did n't work is the clock , which i replaced with a tach . 
  i dont have too many rust issues myself even though im in nj, 
  oh , and my gas gauge does n't work , but the clock bothered me more because it would only spin when i was n't look at it , and it would have the wrong time regardless . 
  wow this is a real america hate thread . 
  i played on ps3 and i didnt really like it . 
  the controls were way too wonky and the fov made to hard to tell where you really were . 
  they could n't just send out patches , so todays games have less bug testing . 
  and we do n't need to pump it !, 
  living in hamilton and working in princeton i can say that the middle left is completely correct . 
  good pont . . :(, 
  people didnt bathe as much , or have clean clothes as often . 
  then the media would come up with a catchier name for white trash so people have somebody to avoid . 
  indian , ( from india ) speaking fast and unintelligible is not the best way to convey information . 
  because the roads were worse . 
  i have n't really been looking yet , but my budget is around 100 bucks and i do n't care about quality . 
  ( she wo n't notice and she has a nicer but slow point and shoot and a galaxy s5 ), 
  i know she is being crazy . 
  shutter lag on the s5 is pretty low , way lower then her point and shoot . 
  plus the photos are really good ( have one myself ) . 
  thank you anyway . 
  is the `` mexicans are rapist '' a real thing ? 
  i thought the general view was they were ( although loud ) fantastic workers and family people :( . 
  i think he meant percentage per for the population . 
  nj requires front and rear plates m8 . 
  what ui mod is that ? 
   the front of their car . 
  i said they need it in the front and back ... 
  i mean , im in nj , but its usually the pedestrians who are the worst . 
  however , show a pa driver a roundabout or jughandle and they forget what a lane or blinkers are . 
  i thought the clock was fake , and you could take as much time as you wanted ... 
  hemp is an amazing industrial material . 
  this is fantastic news . 
   this, 
  i came for it,
