  i use adblock and i wanted to support the channels i watch . 
  that 's why i got it . 
  yes , but that involves watching ads . 
  i 'd rather pay the 10 bucks, 
  the other day i helped out my friend . 
  we drove a total of 200 miles before i had to go to work around 10 am . 
  did n't really phase me . 
  it is very practical . 
  not too big , gas mileage is ok for a 30 year old truck ( anywhere between 18 and 25 miles per gallon ) and i can fit most stuff in it while seating 4 . 
  early ? 
  ive been watching him for 4 years by that point . 
  his channel was 8 years old . 
  not that early . 
  unrealistic . 
  no volvo stationwagon, 
  you sir have a good point . 
  however you really should have wore your seat belt in the sploder because you never knew when the thermostat housing would crack . 
  to improve safety i always glue my mirror shut . 
  keeps the glass from breaking when i fly into it when i crash without my belt . 
  upvote for username, 
  it depends on the local area more then the state . 
  in nj , you have public schools near princeton , some of the best in the nation . 
  then just 45 minutes away in the same state you have camden , which has some of the worse . 
  yep . 
  it 's based on land property values . 
  yea , but how many smiles per gallon does it get ? 
  my friend 's 84 suburban gets 10 miles per gallon , but over 100 smiles per gallon . 
  were n't they the same game ? 
  thats what i thought . 
  no idea why he is saying the wii version was better . 
  exactly . 
  being a mirror doesnt make it better . 
  i was confused why he was saying it was better . 
  it 's actually a term from the show `` roadkill '' on youtube . 
  i had an ex who was like that . 
  when i told her , she proceeded to lock herself on the bathroom and cry . 
  ( not wiping in there mind you ) . 
  she also was abused in her childhood , so that might have had something to do with it . 
  can confirm . 
  very attracted to pale people . 
  this is actually the 2nd 5150 i saved . 
  i also saved a 5160 and a color monitor for that and also a ibm pc xt , only the 5150 and the 5160 work though . 
  the others have bad psus . 
  if there are a ton of spots ( like really far away from the building on a wendsday afternoon ) i sometimes park like that . 
  the guy in the smart car is a dick . 
  or they were racist anyway , and getting mad about who they voted for wo n't change those people . 
  my work place it is common . 
  you can drop one here or there . 
  not one after another , and not aimed at people . 
  i work with computers , so when whenever we work on a hp laptop , cursing will be had . 
  ( pro tip : never buy an hp consumer grade laptop . ), 
  you can like an individual , while disliking the whole group . 
  i might be interested . 
  pm me your general location , i do n't want it shipped super far . 
  it 's kind of late where i am , so i 'll most likely respond in the morning when i get up . 
  no , my galaxy s5 got bad burn in within 6 months of me having it . 
  oled screens are really susceptible to it , which is why i take extreme care now to not have the same image on my phone for too long . 
  i do also highly recommend playing the 1996 release of resident evil as well . 
  it is a good contrast to the remake , and you can not go back from remake to original , but you can go from original to remake . 
  the original is still very very good . 
  and sundays, 
  fuck , that song was me and my ex 's too . 
  sucks because it is so catchy . 
  between the 3 drivers in my family , there are 4 vehicles . 
  i ( the 19 year old son ) have 2 . 
  that 's because i cleaned for the picture . 
  you should see everything out of frame . 
  clean it every 3 months or so . 
  i have like 3 more as well !, 
  check your ewaste bins for the county . 
  best keyboard ever . 
  that one is a 1993 and feels better then my 86 for some reason . 
  i added it tonight . 
  i had some older games i wanted to play that were meant for 4:3 , and belive it or not a 1440p 34 '' ultrawide is n't the most natural way to experience a 480p game . 
  i cleaned for the photo . 
  the whole room is a minefield of old computers and components . 
  in that case , i should hook up my model f as well !, 
  so that monitor was 700 dollars , all for nothing !, 
  not yet . 
  paper does n't conduct enough to get enough heat to start the fire . 
  yea . 
  americans first . 
  people always want to save those from their tribe . 
  it 's a gold building in a real shitty area . 
  i use them everyday . 
  however reception is terrible there so the tuner does n't get much use, 
  but i love the noise . 
  i 'll ask around . 
  hopefully i can bring it . 
  i have a keyboard with browns as well i can use if the model m is a no go . 
  i have several model ms , so i was hoping to have the other ones get out and be used . 
  i might do that !, 
  are you saying that an ibm model m is not the best keyboard in the world ? 
  well , i 'm not a fan of other switches , so like , that 's your opinion man . 
  you really need to narrate audio books . 
  your voice is perfect . 
  i love how my 2 favorite youtube car channels are based near me . 
  keep up the awesome work !, 
  both of you . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ should ^ ^ ^ ^ check ^ ^ ^ ^ out ^ ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ ^ column ^ ^ ^ ^ at ^^^^autotrader.com/oversteer,
