  its because it was all settled much later and generally , all at once . 
  maybe colorblind ? 
  i know a woman who is colorblind and has a hard time telling red from blue . 
  oh i 'm not saying that 's not the case !, 
  i 'm just trying to make sense of why that attitude took over in the presence of clashing colors of employment . 
  found 2 of those just last month !, 
  both at my gaming station and work station !, 
  you did it fine , or at least creatively . 
  i 'd make sure there is enough airflow with all those cables and good luck . 
  ... you have no idea what ancient means do you ? 
  in my community collage there are cheap dell 's from 2002 running as web stations with chrome and 2 gb of ram . 
  they are not fast but work fine and most likely will for the next 5 years . 
  i 've used new hardware and i do currently , but older hardware is not to be counted out yet . 
  ( unless it 's a pentium d or celeron , those are awful . 
  i absolutely love those pentium 4s that ran at 3.00 ghz and had hyperthreading ), 
  and it has been for years, 
  i mean their profit margins are so high as is they could pay more , and keep the same price and stay in buisness . 
  they are amassing a large sum of money that they are just sitting on currently . 
  however that does n't mean that i feel they should reduce their profit margins . 
  it 's just plain buisness sense not to . 
  i live 10 min from there !, 
  can confirm , the humidity is worse then expected and usually mentioned . 
  they look bad in propoganda photos , duh, 
  and if you have really crooked teeth , it shows up . 
  crooked is not a color . 
  gravity falls is amazing for people of all ages and the humor is quite witty . 
  wot . . fallout looked eh and ran on really low end hardware . . they are not focused on making everything look magical . 
  yes , but if a random fps , with a very linear campaign and very few interactive objects besides enemies and guns is riddled with bugs then i get mad . 
  however , for open world and super immense games ... yea , cut the devs a break . 
  just finished the color of magic today !, 
  on to the rest !, 
  i have them on audio book and i listen to them while i ride my bike around town , so it is if i have litetally months of audio bliss ahead of me, 
  i want to work in it . 
  how much is it a community with your coworkers ? 
  i live near trenton nj . 
  it was a major steel cabling manufacturing area ( made the cables for all the major bridges for the first half of the 20th century and before ) , it had a lot of money and jobs flowing around , but around the 70 's the iron mines across the river in pa stopped producing , and the jobs moved away . 
  poor people from the south came up and started settling in the now cheaper property , and the influx of poorer ( and predominatly african american , things were much more racist in the past ) residents pushed what was left of the old inhabitants out and they took the rest of the jobs that were left with them . 
  trenton never healed fully , the abandoned factories still stand . 
  some were converted into part of a stadium and a night club . 
  the areas near them are not too bad , but even a few blocks away you would n't want to be there at night . 
  source : my 11th grade history teacher , my parents ( one of which grew up there in the 80 's ) and how close i live to there . 
  here is what it looks like . 
  also the data on a sd card survives at times when the phone dies . 
  your phone might be waterlogged or crushed , but you will be able to pry out those family photos and documents . 
  we need another look at p. d. shoot in the stealth suit because with all of these hours of crouching and squats her thighs must be tree trunks . 
  ( because you are sneaking so often ), 
  is this anywhere near new jersey ? 
  because i would work at somewhere like that for minimum wage ... 
  - evil john, 
  i have the same one for my retro gaming rig !, 
  played all of fallout 1 with that thing just a few months ago . 
  i have a 4th gen that i used for years that i got used for 40 bucks . 
  and now i feel sad and inadequate . 
  fuck you . 
  i prefer to be treated like a fast pedestrian . 
  sidewalks and sometimes the shoulder . 
  i do not however like being wizzed by by someone going 60 + mph with 6in of clearance . 
  so im suppose to ride my bike on the two laned , 45mph highway that my gym is on instead of the seldomly used sidewalk ? 
  paper straws and paper disposable products please . 
  tree and other fiberous plant farms for making paper . 
  a lot less damage because it just gets soggy and sinks . 
  as much as i love fallout and hate goddamn commies this is not the time or place . 
  people died and lots od lives were destroyed . 
  not on purpose . . 
  or crushed sparkplugs, 
  im reading a a + test prep book in preperation for a class on it in the fall and i already know how to fix that issue , or at least what to google to know how to fix it, 
  where can i get a job like that ? 
  like with some users that you can see in person and like an office and such ? 
  im about to start a class to get my a + and then my net + and i was wondering how far along you have to be to be in that kind of enviroment . 
  or at least intern at one . 
  still there , as far as i know it is part of the ntfs file system ( someone correct me if i 'm wrong please ) and it is just hidden from the user by default, 
  jezz , it just went to 2.25 in central nj . 
  i mean , he should have gotten a 720p tv . 
  i actually like them , they offer a good balance for hd and sd . 
  ( i mean for consoles and television , pc is 1080p ), 
  that is true . 
  i have a 2005 19 inch 1280x768 flat screen that i use for a second monitor and it has awesome image quality ( for its age ) but my friend has a super cheap 40 inch flat screen and it looks like shit . 
  smaller place with more people in the smaller place . 
  its a little more then ** half ** the population density of new jersey ... 
  i always just superglue the cap to the rubber nub, 
  you should try a memory scan outside of the windows enviroment , such as on a bootable disc or even one that comea with the windows installation disc . 
  item 2 or 3 will get you there . 
  thats normal . 
  my old gtx480 got to 80 c without even trying and it was fine there for hours . 
  ( damn reference cooler ! ), 
  go on cregslist , find something in your price range that you like , then google the shit out of that model to see any and all potential problems and specs . 
  thats how i found my 1992 volvo 240, 
  its not the bandwith that is expensive , its keeping speeds up over a long distance . 
  its not hard to keep a gigabit line going , its hard to keep it going over hundreds of miles due to repeater stations that need to be placed in places that they wont get returns on due to there being no customers there . 
  infamous second son was also very beautiful !, 
  ( the framerate was horrible , but it was 1080p and a very well done world . ), 
  it is glorious . 
  the particle effects blew me away . 
  ( and the ps4 as well , i thought the slowdowns were for effect until i realized it was just the frames dropping . 
  besides for super fancy attacks that you charge up for the frame rate was solid , and it even had an option to get rid of the 30fps cap , not that it went over 30 often ), 
  seems like the source video is 1080i and not 1080p . 
  youtube cant turn a 1080i video into 1080p, 
  that was 20 years before china and the us were trading in any large amount however ... 
  but kilometers suck . . 
  i 'm ok with using both though .
