  centimeters are useful as hell . 
  it 's to the flag and all it represents . 
  not the country . 
  it 's to the land , not the government or current people in power . 
  i hope we do n't go to using stone for weight, 
  currently 18 , teaching my self computer hardware and networking , i hangout with friends , i ride my bike to the gym often , listen to audio books , have fun fishing and the occasional firepit . 
  also sometimes play with homemade motorbikes . 
  drinking sounds expensive and less fun to be honest , though , my family does n't drink much so maybe that rubbed off onto me . 
  breakdancing, 
  as a person from nj , it is so weird getting gas anywhere where you have to get out of your car . 
  yes but do those countries get to dictate the direction the politics of the world goes ? 
  i mean that it is damn expensive to dominate the world militarily ( for good or for bad ) and the money that would to universal health care is being funneled into tipping the scales of world politics in the us 's favor . 
  if the world ever has a huge conflict again ( it will , we are humans , look at our track record ) there will be no price to large to pay to have the position we have in world politics . 
  it will help our people then . 
  yea , as someone with several core 2 duo e8500 machines sitting around the house , they handle everything just fine . 
  even windows 10 and gaming . 
  op get the i3 . 
  very good point . 
  or if he is n't bent on intel a fx-6300 is nice and cheap and the 6 cores will keep it relevant for many many years to come, 
  yep . 
  i joined just as his fallout 3 kill everything was wrapping up . 
  john cena video things . 
  my dad takes the logic branded desposables and pops open the replaceable cartridge , and refilled them with the juice . 
  that way he has a really cheap , nonleaky , cigarette sized vaper . 
  older = stuff is currently in the way or having to rip up roads and sidewalks that are very expensive to shut down . 
  not my 240  i can floor it on a hill and top out at 30 mph, 
  it does , there is one 10 min from my house and several by the beach . 
  now of only there was it and security together ... 
  got 2 hp laserjets for free from a closing office , you will need to pry them from my cold dead hands for me to get rid of them . 
  $ 2.25 here in central nj, 
  also no new refinaries have been made since the 70 's due to enviromental restrictions that were put in place and it just hasnt been profitable to make a new refinary that fit the restrictions due to the old ones being grandfathered in . 
  by the time it was fixed and worked as it was suppose to , windows 7 was out for a year . 
  * glares at my old volvo *, 
  a batch file ( which is bascially pre-written ) , changing the port forwarding on the router , and setting the ip address to static . 
  i really like npr , but sometimes they go a bit too far left and i sit there wondering why they are making an issue from nothing . 
  they do it less then the other news sources i do admit , but they are not free from doing it . 
  oh yes i wholeheartedly agree, 
  not great , but as far as the earth is concerned , it was planned . 
  unlike burning trees and organisms from long ago via fossil fuels , wildfires are natural . 
  those forests usually burn on a cycle of several years ( ranging from year to year , to every few centuries ) . 
  it 's a big deal now because we have been putting out a lot of the fires so the amount of burnable material is larger then normal , and people happened to build their houses in the middle of ( and outside ) the tinderbox . 
  a fan, 
  a camera, 
  it is , but is bulky and heavy and a lot harder to gather in huge amounts then coal and you ca n't pipe it like oil . 
  plus it has to be dried right to burn efficiently . 
  otherwise it is very smoky and the fires do n't get as hot . 
  a lot of times it is one and the same, 
  ah yes . 
  just a hop , skip , and a jump away ... :(, 
  ca n't deny that, 
  i want an android version . . id like actually pay for it ... 
  youtube was launched febuary 2005 . 
  well i recently got out of a 2.5 year long relationship , and since then have hit the gym so im hoping . 
  its collage , so it does ( \u0361 ~ \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i 'm going to a community college for computer networking , but i have to take an english and ( normal level ) math so there is hope . 
  i 'm not . 
  i have met that type . 
  ( my ex 's friend was one ) i never want to associate with those people again . 
  no , burning wood for fuel ( as long as it is n't gas powered vehicles being used to help harvest it ) is completely carbon neutral . 
  i would like it if we used more plant matter for fuel , as combustion will not go away no matter how hard hippies stare at wind turbines . 
  i feel that we need to move to renewable combustible sources for our future along with wind and solar . 
  see why i 'm taking an english . 
  but he is honest about the fact he isnt safe . 
  which is better then the others , that said , sanders all the way please . 
  now if someone were to go and set fire to all those trees and bushes to get rid of them ... 
  how the hell was europe suppose to stop them from dying . 
  do n't blame governments for things they did n't actually know or have any obligation to care about . 
  nj just stopped emissions testing i think . 
  from what i 've heard they check your on board computer and if it says you are good you are done , and i do n't think they check if you do n't have one . 
  work on them so they become what ? 
  open and free and everyone come on in because we are very friendly and full of jobs and shelter and food ? 
  well those countries are not . 
  i have no idea what they should do , but having it suck in north africa does n't mean that europe magicly got a big old check to take in all those people . 
  people keep saying that , but there is a certain charm of having a single culture . 
  it gives a person a sense of belonging . 
  if every culture is watered down , then there is no culture . 
  they would if it is dangerous to exist in their old country and it isnt possible to be a flunky there . 
  yea , ive never heard of that . 
  like at 13 you could be walking around outside and such . 
  a cop might pull over and ask you what you were doing , but besides for that they couldnt do much . 
  where do you live that has curfews ?!, 
  im in new jersey . 
  central new jersey in the same county as princton and a few other cities . . 
  ... you have malware . . 
  this is false . 
  source : dated a blonde who did n't reciprocate well, 
  how did he get through ? 
  we normally ship those people to south florida . 
  have you been in a high school or college in the last 5 years ? 
  they are half the population ... 
  thank you, 
  for my highschool career about 4 out of 10 of my acquaintances were homosexual or bisexual . 
  i am saying 40 % were ... 4 out of 10 is 40 % . 
  i knew more then 10 people . 
  this pc is good enough to run windows 7 , ive run 7 on worse . 
  xp disc images are not hard to find via those alternate sources you mentioned . 
  i might know more then the average person . 
  and if that is the case , i want to be someone else , or move to a red state . 
  that 's nice . 
  i go down with my down votes .
