  i said capital , the money needed to be invested in developing and safety testing new drugs . 
  there is no r&d and rigorous safety testing for t-shirts . 
  i was talking about funding new drugs as well , not ones that are several decades old . 
  and of course he does n't need a new yatch , i bet his old one will be fine with some tlc . 
  60 % humidity ? 
  high !?!, 
  new jersey sends it 's regards . 
  i would run to the fallout shelter in the highschool across the street and live down there eating the mice , ( i went there , there are mice ) . 
  if i recall correctly nox emissions only hurt living things in large enough quanities and do n't have as much of an impact on the enviroment on the long term . 
  so it would only effect cities . 
  edit : i was wrong , it also creates acid rain and can contribute to smog . 
  still , i feel it is worth it for the added efficency . 
  just put together my brother a fallout 4 and mad max rig , a qx6700 , 4 gb of ram ( 1x4 ) and a gtx 460 . 
  runs mad max fine and should run fallout 4 fine on medium . 
  i found a `` gold batch '' phentom ii x3 that i was able to unlock the 4th core . 
  it was 30 bucks a year ago and quadcore at 3.4 ghz stock clock . 
  they seemed the most interesting and i thought it was mildy depressing . 
  maybe it was a little too mild :( depressing . 
  2 is the power plant with the steam . . its steam not smoke . 
  4 , 7 , 8 , 12 ( especially because it said goats used to graze there . . thats why it was burned down , for farming and goats ... ) , 15 , 16 , 17 , 21 , 23 , 25 , 26 , and especially 15 are stupid . 
  its like the author hates boiling water and the fact that humans use petroleum . 
  and 8 is dumb because what the hell are those tires doing in the middle of the desert that harms anything ... ? 
  not much water to leach any `` chemicals '' . 
  i bet it just provides habitat for all the desert animals that happen to enjoy small hidding crevices . 
  the purple pants are a good sign of an asshole . 
  people used to be done at that age . 
  my grandma told me that when she was young ( in the 50 's ) she saw a bunch of old people complaining about their age and needing walkers and such . 
  they were in their late 50 's early 60 's . 
  actually she does that . 
  she is 73 now and does n't use a cane or any medications ( she often refuses asprin ) and she walks everywhere . 
  besides her hearing she is healthy as can be and she is always pissed off at elderly people who gave up at trying to be healthy , especially people 10 years younger then her . 
  but they supply so many jobs to people who usually ca n't do more in life the operate a pump . 
  source : live in nj . 
  so far i love it !, 
  i love watching you play 3d games , especially ones that involve interacting with thw world . 
  the fire extinuishers and similar objects manipulation make it awesome to watch !, 
  quick fireballs are not as dangerous as prolonged fire balls and huge explosions . 
  opposite for me , it was like a dirty bj 's wholesale club . 
  literally the only way my dad plays . 
  yep !, 
  he used to play with god mode on and i told him that 's a bit much . 
  i know so many people that are a 2002 era celeron . 
  my dad vaped on our flight in july . 
  he has a logic brand one so its small and wrapped his head in a blanket pretending to be asleep . 
  no one noticed . 
  he is 42 and likes to be able to see bad people explode and rag doll after a long day at work . 
  my dad uses the logic branded ones ( image : http://ecigarettereviewed.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/logic-power-series-starter-kit.jpg ) and he refilles the little cartrages with juice he buys . 
  very little smell , especially since he held it in for a long time and exhaled into a blanket . 
  it is n't one of those huge cloud making ones . 
  that actually sounds really fun , what is the main thing you do in your job ? 
  he did complete the game once without god mode . 
  then 7 times with because its fun to pick up everything . 
  well that 's because they are just solid cars . 
  in america . . 
  they create more ozone , not reduce it . 
  it is bad because ozone is poisonous and very reactive . 
  bad for people but not the environment . 
  you can get it dipped , but i 'd often a christmas time thing and sold in big tins . 
  not a usual food to keep around . 
  no i mean the big tins of the butter and caramel and cheese popcorn that appear around christmas . 
  am i the only one who read it as `` victor '' and was disapointed to not see a huge happy securitron ? 
  this would n't have happened in new jersey or oregon . 
  you can , but some people dont do it . 
  plus people usually use air popped popcorn so that it does n't make as much of a mess or cost as much . 
  i own a kaypro 2 with wordstar . 
  its pretty neat . 
  got it for $ 20 at a flea market . 
  i own a kaypro 2 , which was a competitor to this . 
  i just did that before i clicked the post , opened it , then felt as if i was being judged . 
  yea , too much screaming . 
  after the uber trouble in paris not really . 
  ive seen like 4 wrt54 's at my local thrift store for 4 dollars a head . 
  worth it in my opinion . 
  ... are you an autism or something ? 
  only north jersey has toxic waste . 
  it 's not like we have n't done something like that before . 
  2 also had caps . 
  yea and that 's why i 'm not interested in a newer car . 
  a friend, 
  plastic is not hard to open, 
  i love the outro , but what did nintendo do to warrent the boos ? 
  their stance on youtube and how they treat youtubers ? 
  if thats it , then its warrented but i just want to make sure there isnt another reason . 
  you can try to pick up a ibm model m from ebay for like 40 bucks . 
  like 60 years ago ... 
  more people and less money in the system . . i ca n't see how this ca n't go wrong !, 
  the ability to sustain itself and reproduce is another . 
  fetuses need a mom , they ca n't survive by themselves . 
  we need to bury it , not make it into co2, 
  yes it does , the co2 is trapped in the plastic . 
  if it did n't eat plastic then it would stay in the plastic . 
  coal is just really old plant matter , so burning it us just like burning leaves / s, 
  but the worms normal food consumption would be carbon neutral , plastic is n't . 
  yes , but modern televisons have hdmi connections , which computers have . 
  and if you are using a tv without an hdmi connection , you would n't be able to use it with a modern console anyway . 
  i built my little brother a gaming pc with a 2006 intel qx6700 processor ( it was like 40 dollars ) and a gtx 460 ( a 2010 midrange graphics card ) and 4 gb of ram , he is playing mad max on high at 720p at anywhere from 30-60 frames depending on the area . 
  there is no game that he cant play at console quality at the moment . 
  that computer cost less then 300 bucks . 
  ( well it cost less then 80 , but that is because i was given and found most of the parts , but at ebay values each part totals to under $ 300 ), 
  whenever i install it i use version 9 because i have a 2004 ipod and dont need a shitty new version .
