  has a ring to it . 
  you can get rid of mymagazine . 
  love my galaxy s5 to death , but that shit was gone within 15 min of me opening the box . 
  i have n't had squirrels fuck up the interior of a lived in house . 
  exterior or maybe some attic stuff at most . 
  mice and rats get in way deeper and closer to you and fuck up more stuff . 
  i used this . 
  it turns it off so it does n't run . 
  if you already did this and were actually talking about removing it completely , sorry i misunderstood . 
  way better . 
  i hope you are joking . 
  vhs is super muddy and kinda looks like 360p youtube . 
  me too !, 
  me too !, 
  ssd load times = 10 seconds - 1 min, 
  hdd load times = 1 min - 4 min, 
  be careful , jak : x does n't work on the ps2 slim . 
  there is a major bug that makes the track disappear halfway through some of the tracks . 
  ... we are not really in danger of losing gasoline as a fuel . 
  maybe in the quanities we use it , but for specialty stuff or military applications . . nope . 
  high resolution textures tied with slow ass ( but free ) hard drives . 
  the higher detail in the textures the slower it loads , also draw distance effects it as well . 
  afraid of death ? 
  they are all carbon based . 
  roadkill is turning me into a car guy from a computer guy . 
  would n't gear made in the 60 's be safer then stuff made in the 80 's , due to the fact that it was made better/all the cheapo stuff from then already broke ? 
  the show . 
  you should, 
  the sticker on the dash has both miles and kilometers . 
  it 's literally their job to get you food . 
  fresh food is a food . 
  and not exactly awkward to grab . 
  was n't katrina 11 years ago . . 
  i do n't like the way any restaurant cooks eggs , so therefore i do n't order eggs at restaurants . 
  cooked bird bones . 
  at home , i 'm just not someone who orders eggs out . 
  nothing in my statement was about money . 
  what about anything here is free . 
  i 'd assume they would be charged for their fruit and also to counter your point that some waiters do not run food , some do . 
  `` i 'm sorry sir/madem , if you want a whole lemon i 'll have to add it to your bill . 
  would that be ok ? '', 
  does n't seem too tough . 
  lemons are not expensive . 
  do you have any idea how much stuff businesses ship out on a daily basis . . ? 
  i 'm a central new jersey man first , then a proud american , then a new jersey man . 
  it just mushes !, 
  mushes !, 
  having the tools to learn how to purify water , learn farming techniques , learn about possible threats , and what to do to improve their situation is very important . 
  pork roll ( or taylor ham ) and egg sandwich is a new jersey food and a must have . 
  well technically vga refers to the resolution of 640x480 @ 256 colors , but nobody cares at this point . 
  i have the older version of that packard bell one actually . 
  that looks like a 1998 , i have a 1996 . 
  i also have 2 model ms ( one 1993 , one 1996 ) that i found , 
  while yes , it also is n't called a vga cable . 
  it is a 15 wire cable with a de-15 plug on each end . 
  6mbps is good enough for 1 person , but it wont be blazing fast . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  thanks , 
  not enough . 
  people from florida . 
  if they do something stupid we look for a florida ( or sometimes pensi ) plate . 
  u r litrtally poop . 
  i have a 92 , routinely go 80mph + in a 65 and have never been pulled over . 
  however that might be because it 's a black , slow , brick of a volvo and i 'm a chubby white guy usually wearing my dress shirt work uniform . 
  here is my baby in this fine monday afternoon . 
  when i got mine . 
  ( as my first car under my mom 's insurance ) it was only 12 dollars more a month to add this car to the policy . 
  when i got mine . 
  ( as my first car under my mom 's insurance ) it was only 12 dollars more a month to add this car to the policy . 
  i just got a mini-bike , and i want to ride it around . 
  i know i cant ride it on the street or in public parks , but me and my friends just want to ride them somewhere out of the way where we wont be bothered by police or bother others . 
  i was thinking the clearings by power lines would be a good area if it isnt near houses . 
  would police stop and give us a hard time if we rode them in spots like that and if not where would a good spot for that be ? 
  usually the cheapest brand of tea makes the best iced . 
  it says one comment , but i ca n't see anything , im assuming that you are shadow banned . 
  probably a bad screen . 
  fuck squatters . 
  what if you owned a property , found an awesome young couple who is ready for their first house . 
  you go to get it ready and discover a bunch of fucking method heads moved in and it will take months to get them out and they ruined the place . 
  digitizer is the screen , you most likely mean the lcd was fine . 
  can confirm . 
  my car is 24 years old , constantly drive 80 . 
  they might look pretty , but they hold up horribly . 
  they get burn in within months . 
  is that number in millions or billions ? 
  turns off achievements until you restart the game though . 
  really ? 
  i was born in 1997 , and can vote . 
  wawa 's slrpees ( or icee , or other frozen soda ) are never right , so i honestly prefer 7/11 . 
  i want the freedom to do any of those things if i need to . 
  i drive a 24 year old car that 's reliable as anything ... 
  soda, 
  most places with currencies worth less then the usd will take them . 
  while it is one big ghetto , its not because its the capital . 
  trenton just sucks . 
  ( i can literally see the hamilton/trenton boarder from by front steps , so i know ), 
  i guess princeton is on the west coast . 
  til . . 
  i know someone who just bought a similar van for ... get this ... 10 thousand dollars . . with a 2000 dollar or so down payment .
