  as a ps4 user and ( glorious ) pc user , i agree . 
  you should reuse the old ones , donate them , they can still be used . 
  we did the same , but only up until the civil war . 
  four times ... 
  have you seen second son on ps4 ? 
  it looks pretty amazing city wise and if we can have fallout cities look similar then i 'll be happy . 
  me too , this is exactly my story . 
  copper , tin , lead , iron , silver , gold , you know , the standard ones . 
  i have all of those connectors ... that wo n't work right . 
  i wanted this to make sense , but your wording made my head hurt . . 
  here in america i have gotten a 50 lb ( 22.67 kg ) bag of rice for $ 20 ( 15.93 euros , 12.49 pounds ), 
  i try to be considerate . 
  it was a bj 's wholesale club in central nj . 
  it was a bj 's wholesale club in central nj . 
  * baskes *, 
  i use hangouts to text my gf because she has an ipod touch but no phone . 
  50 pounds us weight , 12.49 pounds british monies . 
  if you keep it dry it can last several years . 
  that is the reason that they feed it to ship crews and prisoners , it is cheap and keeps forever , and is very filling . 
  not a problem with the ps3/4 ( blurays are tough ) but the 360 has that problem . 
  entering , 
  which thrift store ? 
  i know someone attractive that works at a coffee shop named kelly . 
  was this in central new jersey by chance ? 
  and work at a coffee shop ? 
  it has to be the same one, 
  nothing wrong with those workhorses . 
  people often forget this . 
  about a year ago i got a 768p 21 '' 2005 flatscreen for 13 dollars with dvi input . 
  it is my second screen to my 27 ' 1080p, 
  try having a campfire anywhere for cooking . . you will have the fire department called on you before you can sneeze . 
  after playing the games and tales of two wastelands , i feel that you should play them each once then the second round ( and all after that ) with ttw installed . 
  that said , the newvegas mechanics do n't like the capital wasteland 's scenery as much . 
  i notice a difference and it looks way more natural with its own mechanics , also frame rate is better with its own mechanics . 
  i am running it on a pentium 4 ht 3.00 ghz and a 9500gt with only 2 gigs of ram . 
  it runs fine on it . 
  if you already played 3 then i recommend new vegas , if you played 3 a little bit but did n't start vegas yet , get 3 . 
  you miss some of the mechanics and feel from new vegas if you play it then go back to 3 . 
  my friend had this happen to him and he didnt pay attention to his money amount . 
  he managed to spend $ 1300 before they declined him . 
  he still hasnt payed it back . 
  ( he just turned 18 and got $ 20,000 that he won from a lawsuit when he was six , he also has no idea how to keep track of finances . ), 
  i got a 21 '' tv ( 720p ) from a thrift store for 13 bucks . 
  i do n't remember the exact season but at the ending where the director is just sitting there watching the video of allison over and over again always brings me to tears , no matter how many times i see it . 
  i never saw any of the hype or cared , but after i saw the game in person it looks really fun . 
  is all the hate warranted or just people upset about hype not being true ? 
  wrong thread . 
  do n't pull this shit in this thread . 
  that dad is a good man and what if that 4000 that he was denied really could have messed up his family . 
  value your own family over others . 
  you know why we are here ? 
  but did n't . 
  i found the world of fallout 3 was better . 
  a lot prettier , and bigger , but a lot less dense . 
  if you played new vegas first you would get bored after a while , because of the lack of fractions . 
  however , if you engrain yourself in the world and the quests then it can be just as or more enjoyable to play . 
  plus it is a much better place to explore , realistic settings ( real places modeled quite accurately ) , and a much better wasteland feel to it . 
  here in new jersey we always have a surplus of water . 
  i have been waiting for you to get a pc and join us . 
  i feel the video quality of your recordings will improve and you can take advantage of the new 1080p 60fps on youtube . 
  makes sense . 
  i forgot that hdmi was powered with 5 volts . 
  although i have n't tried it out yet so i 'm not sure that it is an active converter . 
  it was n't just a random `` let 's shoot the petty theif to prevent the loss of $ 2 of juice '' . 
  before this happened in several other korean owned shops groups of black teenagers would rush into the store , steal quite a bit of stuff , and leave knowing they could n't stop all of them . 
  the korean shop owners were sick of black youths robbing their stores and someone got carried away with a handgun . 
  nellis inhabitants in 2281 ? 
  men with cherry bomb ? 
  who are you referring to ? 
  on my 27 inch screen i wish i had muffins that size, 
  maybe it was the first time someone who got the reference posted it , maybe it was the luck of karma , maybe you were n't online if it was posted and popular before . 
  the joke is several years old so it is possible it was in the game since launch . 
  1 fiber line . 
  wayy more then one house for said line . 
  gives you a good range though, 
  yes , but then you would still have the problem of windows 8, 
  crt stands for cathode ray tube . . 
  there is at least one tube in those old monitors . 
  silly south . 
  do n't loot . 
  what 's wrong with hdmi ? 
  that is what i have so i do n't see a problem . 
  1 ) look at you with your fancy monies . 
  2 ) my gtx480 ca n't do 4k with any real games and does n't have any connectors that arnt dvi or hdmi . 
  hdmi is a good reliable standard for 1080p , do n't poop on it . 
  someone tell u/airz23 that we found the keyboard theif . 
  did they acknoloage that they were a part of fallout nv with a sign or something . 
  [ edit ] sign not sigh . 
  i understand i confused ... everyone . . 
  or halo : the master cheif collection , with its really big day 1 download . 
  can confirm they make awesome xbmc 's . 
  especially for all those free crts you find around . 
  have found it . 
  can confirm , hilarious . 
  with mine i just filled up a 16 gb flash drive with shows to watch while doing dishes . 
  it is hooked up to a free 13 ` crt tv and makes for the perfect compact entertainment center . 
  mr. house please . 
  he was always my favorite ending and it fits this playthrough perfectly, 
  1997 here . 
  i 'm a senior .
