  i kinda want a dvd player that can play mkv data discs . 
  cool . 
  thank you for the response . 
  i am really hating hp for this design , i also got an earlier one that is almost the same but has a normal mobos so i know they can do it . 
  i am gon na see what i can do with data adapters , i know for a fact that this card wo n't even use half of it 'd power so i 'm not too worried about draw . 
  thanks again !, 
  gamecube version will always live in my heart . 
  an excellent post, 
  because big building already there . 
  in the real world water does n't hold radiation very well at all . . so that kinda breaks the game right there . . 
  it was n't indeed , however fallout 3 was an amazing game . 
  these are literally the best, 
  source : my username . 
  just do n't let caboose near it . 
  well , the nes was mono and it was video , and right channel sound . 
  no left ( or the white plug ) there . 
  that isnt a first gen ps1 . 
  no , you have not been winning , just building up to your pathetic loss . 
  he just happens to live in a country that does n't use cents as a money system so he can be correct, 
  led flashlights, 
  the only thing i have to report is fo3 looks slightly worse and the frames dip even on good hardware . 
  i built a ( 2011 era ) gaming desktop for about $ 300 for my little brother . 
  can still play mist games on medium . 
  rubbing alcohol is all natural and my solution to mist problems . 
  external anyway . 
  they had that in fallout 1 ( implied , they never moved but were hooked up to move ), 
  totally should have shopped a portal at the end and make it loop through . 
  but . . new motherboards come with ps2 ports ... for high end keyboards . 
  e8400 is n't bad !, 
  sorry , that was me . 
  well , i have no windows key , so the os is a useless as ever . 
  you should not have to pay to fix a os you already bought !!, 
  well , as someone without a windows key , windows 8 and its fucking tiles are useless . 
  there is no start button ... that is what this argument is about . 
  1 ) that is 8.1, 
  2 ) it just brings up the metro bullshit . 
  no start menu . 
  well how long were they stored before you bought them ? . 
  that is where that time went . 
  well i own a desktop . 
  i want a grownup style os , not a stupid colored square collection . 
  and do n't fucking get me started on those full screen auto metro apps like `` video '' and `` photo '' !, 
  they do n't work for shit . 
  and apparently multitasking is frowned upon because full screen looks nicer . 
  1 ) that 's stupid . 
  you know that thing that has been there since the beginning of windows and a huge part of the os experience ? 
  yep . 
  we hid it ! . 
  right click muthafuckers !, 
  2 ) i disagree with you , but i actually do like your username . 
  eh . . half trolling half real . 
  i am 17 and i 'm aspiring to be an it guy . 
  i 'm just stubborn and really dislike 8 . 
  i could learn if i had to , but i do n't and like not liking it . 
  also a legit question . 
  why does the windows 8 google chrome only seem to have a metro interface and how do i get to act like the windows xp/vista/7 version ? 
  i did this in 7 to use vlc for every thing . 
  when i tried the option did n't show up ... 
  thank you . 
  that helped  still bothers me that the metro interface is the default . 
  i wish , no just a well made keyboard from 1996 , hp i think . 
  i 'm not a fan of hp but i love this keyboard . 
  `` i want what they have and they said no !, 
  such sad day ! '', 
  i seriously was considering doing the windows 10 preview . 
  for those high quality , expensive keyboards / keyboards that work when nothing else does . 
  but ... google ... 
  * people who say consoles are superior . 
  you can own a console , he 'll even prefer one , but as long as you know that pc is better in every way you are part of the master race . 
  yes !!, 
  doing this now !, 
  its weird how all fallout 3 guns kick ass in nv, 
  460 master race :(, 
  no shame in an old rig , as long as you master race . 
  mine can play new vegas on ultra so i 'm set, 
  i am super excited as well !, 
  yes ... why not ? 
  30 faps is more cinematic . 
  they were cool as fuck and people went to shoe stores and bought shoes because of that fact . 
  they were cool as fuck and people went to shoe stores and bought shoes because of that fact . 
  we have like 4 old people ( 3 seniors , 1 sohpore ) , 15 new people who are only 75 % interested . 
  we needed an interesting game to keep this team alive past this year and im worried . 
  what game is that ? 
  video blocked, 
  im electrical engenering . 
  ( not the sponsor letters and such , look at my spelling ) its my last year and they have to go mess it up . 
  also what my team is doing is the captains on my team and some mentors have a video chat to plan stuff so the youngans have stuff to do . 
  i 've never played quake , is it easy to pick up ? 
  awesome !, 
  some of my lan bros are bad at ... learning . 
  anything . 
  awesome thank you, 
  well you are a damn commie . 
  2495 hamilton new jersey here !, 
  sad , why not ? 
  also , where would i find a sutable cooler ? 
  for like 5 bucks , im not gon na over clock . 
  its a core 2 duo e8400, 
  see , my grand total for this build is 60 bucks . 
  is this potentially dangrous or just not optimal ?
