  is it sexist to be homosexual ? 
  its required in nj . 
  that is communism though ... 
  cds is a job ? 
  the one cent coin is a career ? 
  this is literally my biggest fear . 
  it has turned me into sorta homophobe actually ... 
  this is literally my biggest fear !, 
  i 'd prob never date again or kill myself . 
  it is actually a christmas card from the police chief . 
  but the paper he held up was a christmas card ( or at least a note in said card ) that he received for helping the chief . 
  it does symbolize that , you are correct . 
  i 'm thanking my lucky stars that in my area we have both verizon and cablevision . 
  they actually compete a bit, 
  then where would we spit ? ... 
  if he is a dictator he could probably fix that . 
  what would the stick be then ... 
  the world does n't need more throw away plastic bits . 
  am i the only one who thinks that they should just be given the town ? 
  i mean what will fighting for one small town accomplish ? 
  they should just be given the town and left to fall apart , without anyone in town to harass other problems within themselves will make them crumble . 
  some speech is considered hate speech to some and to others not . 
  its hard to defend everyone . 
  also no one should care if a few idiots are yelling something stupid in the middle of nowhere . 
  its not the government 's job to make sure that you do n't get offended if you decide to care . 
  yes, 
  so a happy ending , 
  depends on the contract . 
  simple . 
  put up warning signs . 
  i have one of those running windows 7 . 
  it was surprisingly good . 
  i did put 2.5 gb of ram in there though . 
  2 days from yesterday on the third of the war . 
  that is linux mint, 
  tis funny dont worry . 
  legit , my biggest fear ... 
  ya , he has a point . 
  is it our problem . 
  to stop the slaverly that still exists in the world too ? 
  and ... 
  the gov needs revenue to run itself . . 
  in the summer that means leaving the air conditioner on the lowest possible setting that is n't fan . 
  in the winter it means the heat is cranked up all the way . 
  80 \u00b0 f is equal to 26\u00a02/3 \u00b0 c, 
  what if their cargo was hats ... 
  if your body ca n't handle the human 's staple food for melenia then maybe you were n't suppose to live . 
  fuckin hippies trying to change the world to fit their needs !, 
  it 'd the first time for a long time that people came out and said they ca n't eat bread and i refuse to believe that it is real . 
  that looks very useful for getting rid of trees in dangerous areas , like near buildings and people . 
  reminds me of my high school . 
  built in 1929 and renovated several times . 
  its amazing what you can afford when you live somewhere undesirable . 
  my girlfriend 's friend would do this shit . 
  first dance at the prom she did that and i was pissed the whole time . 
  why do those rules about signs exist ... ? 
  it seems really stupid, 
  and you should go to hell . 
  it is not dissimilar . 
  it is much smaller ... 
  i starred to but stopped because i realized i was out of radway : / . 
  took coke bottles , scraped off the coke label ( tedious ) , printed up the labels on paper with a sticky back , stuck them on , covered them in clear nail polish . 
  for the cap i purchased a bottle capper , red caps , and capped the bottle myself . 
  i just purchased standard beer brewing caps from amazon , though make sure you have the capping tool , you need it . 
  i made some weathered ones and some `` brand new '' ones ( how they looked in 2077 ) , but i did n't do anything to the caps for them though, 
  i 'm not planning to until i can get a cheap bottles to make it with . 
  it is . 
  oh i am very jealous pretty much all of the time . 
  although i stop myself before i say anything and think about the situation and almost always i freaked out over nothing . 
  especially for being 6 years old . 
  i love open world games and with the capabilities that they have now it will probably be one of the largest and most detailed games of the year, 
  is this a good rule to.follow ? 
  i usually do but when my friend goes out to lunch woty me he does the 5 dollar rule and i was wondering if that is a bad thing, 
  our last bill was a grand total of 13 bucks, 
  i have mine hooked up to a tv to play videos off my flash drive . 
  its pretty sweet . 
  but it was a gift and it works with a crt tv i have . 
  wtf man ?!?!, 
  you would let someone kiss your so on the lips . 
  id be very upset . 
  because they had to go through it already on both sides . 
  the one with the kids having sex and at one point they were the kids having sex . 
  they understand your troubles . 
  i love it . 
  not a fan post too eh ? 
  i usually respond with '' prove it '', 
  but that is a arab name and it scares american folks . 
  should have fuckin killed him . 
  you get 1 life . 
  if you fuck it up hurting people then you probably do n't deserve that life in the first place . 
  should have ended him . 
  that was a happy ending . 
  i wish he had to be in a wheel chair . 
  also lots of bricks . 
  this made me smile . 
  so do very high end prostitutes . 
  good, 
  good thing you broke his parts . 
  drive like 3 hours north, 
  you are doing gods work son,
