  question about car stereos . 
  i installed new speakers ( all 4 of them ) and a new head unit . 
  all mid tier pioneer . 
  it crackles horribly no matter what i do with the settings . 
  any ideas ? 
  yea ... do n't come to the usa . 
  in my highschool , we had a gym/health teacher who was a black lesbian . 
  checked off the woman , gay , and black diversity boxes . 
  she was the worse teacher ive ever had . 
  had us do personally quizzes instead of lessons and on the tests told us the answers . 
  made fun of special needs kids in gym and flirted with all the hot women in class . 
  she was 35 + . 
  everyone in class was 17 . 
  me too . 
  i have a 1974 ford f350 , a 1987 ford ranger and a 1992 volvo 240 ( same model as 86-93 ) . 
  all are well built ( well the ranger has been having a rough 2 months ) . 
  disc has a c which is round , magnetic media usually has a square case . 
  i do n't know the real reason , but i like this one . 
  at the very least , it helps me remember . 
  i grew up outside a ghetto area . 
  sometimes the trashy ghetto black people leak over and ruin your perception of them from early on . 
  hard to recover from that . 
  especially when they make middle school hell for you . 
  eh , sometimes npr gets right wing nuts on the shows just to have an entire panel shoot them down so the left wing audience feels better about themselves . 
  doesnt happen often , but i have to shut it off when it does . 
  happened a bunch during the last election . 
  spent day 3 fixing my car only to find out my wheel cylinder was shot along with the brake hardware . 
  thats how diesel trains work . 
  getting a transmission in them that cpuld handle both the required strength and speed wouldnt be feasible . 
  dirty blues, 
  are you so sure ? 
  at my old job i was always 7 minutes late . 
  i also stayed at least 30 minutes late cleaning the shop every day . 
  my spare is from 92 . 
  and i regularly drive around on tires from 2000 . 
  you are fine . 
  there would still be people starving and homeless . 
  so nothing and nothing ... why not kill them . 
  dont make them suffer, 
  im 19 and dont remember it at all . 
  it sounds like something from the 60s . 
  i know that if i was in prison for 40 years for no reason then got out then i would n't really want to be around anymore . 
  i 've considered suicide over things way less then false imprisonment , so i see absolutely no point in long prison sentences compared to killing them . 
  you get rid of the `` food '' part of food stamps , and they magically become '' a awesome new tattoo , and bumming food off of friends and neighbors for 2 weeks '' stamps . 
  depends . 
  south jersey wonders why they arent considered part of the south . 
  even though i grew up and live in new jersey , the board we grew up with was the nyc board . 
  you hand them the card , and they put it in the pump . 
  no tips . 
  if you have a classic car usually they dont mind if you pump it yourself , and most close at 10pm . 
  you have plenty of pa to do that . 
  new york already uses us as a trash pit , leave jersey alone . 
  i trust anything thats a fleet vehicle . 
  anything they sell millions of to people who care about the bottom line probably has to be pretty good . 
  nearest `` city '' is trenton nj . 
  well you could use like 50 of those dollars to catch a train to nyc . 
  also halo harms ice cream !, 
  although that is technically ewing . 
  ... thats not dangerous ... like ... the only dangerous part would be if you felt heat when you are near it ... 
  i was impressed by the temps until i converted it to f. those here in nj it gets up to 100f ( 37.7 c ) a few times a year with 100 % humidity and we are n't even known as a hot state . . 
  just because you have n't done anything besides drive on the turnpike does n't mean we dont have agriculture . 
  yep . 
  because an incident 30 years ago from new york describes us so well . 
  yea !, 
  its 2.30 here in nj, 
  yours do n't ? 
  paying per month for a car ? 
  my daily driver cost me 1500 dollars . 
  i upvoted 5 times why am i still here, 
  here in nj , we would give camden to pennsylvania . 
  they are dumb as well . 
  the bottom of the plate isnt flat , so it would be hard to get a clean line . 
  thank god non of my engines are interference, 
  yea , but i do n't have to worry about my engine self destructing . 
  no , its a toyota . 
  stop all greenhouse gases for 2 years ... you do realize that literally billions will die . . correct ? 
  not harbor freight . 
  their stuff ( while super cheap , and can be shitty ) usually is a pretty good amount of tool for the money . 
  plus their higher end stuff ( like their 25 dollar ratchets , not the ones that come in thr $ 12.99 complete set ) are actually pretty good . 
  you can tell my little volvo redblock its `` shitty '' to its face if you are such a man !, 
  i enjoy my 18mpg and 100 bhp thank you very much . 
  yes , but does it push around 4000lbs of pure swedish steel ? 
  because it has character , and is speeding ticket resistant . 
  1 ) no , you are being a dick, 
  2 ) no , pushing a slow car is way more fun ( and feasible all the time ) then pushing a fast one, 
  3 ) no , although i doubt it helps much . 
  it is , but its had a hard life . 
  2 screens , a dead battery , broken headphone jack . 
  it is living out its life as an alarm clock . 
  its 9 years old after all . 
  the light from the speaker display was keeping me up . 
  hopefully with charity in your heart . 
  but ... pumice works fine ... 
  at least you say im pretty . 
  eh , im in the starve africa camp, 
  i mean ... its not our problem ... 
  they are a sovereign country . 
  i know , europe will cease to exist in its not that shitty state . 
  so everyone deserves to live ? 
  how the hell can we support that ?
