  ( in community college now ) . 
  i mean i wo n't have the space to take hole my cool finds, 
  thats a good idea ... 
  i should donate some so it can have a second life . 
  it always pains me when something is thrown out prematurely . 
  emissions ... 
  test ???? 
  thank god i do n't have to do that in nj . 
  my 92 volvo 's is making noise . 
  im thinking of selling it to buy another with a working one . 
  and maybe trade it up to the wagon instead of the sedan . 
  the fan in the ac/heat is sounding just like a blade or 2 broke off and occasionally hits the other good blades . 
  apparently that fan is the hardest thing to replace in the whole car . 
  blower motor , i heard that it was super duper hard to replace . 
  the reason i think it 's a blade is every couple months , i hear a clang , smell 25 year old dust , and the noise gets worse . 
  that 's why , i have the 240 . 
  the people in jersey who stay in the left lane are usually going 80 + . 
  annoying , but at least they are fast . 
  pennsylvania people are stuck there , but going 55 . 
  i 'm not keeping it , it was a `` why not '' kind of thing . 
  that is the opposite attitude to have on this sub . 
  `` made in 2004 '' the label says nov-2003 !, 
  i would if i had the outlets to spare . 
  the only ones that are free are the ones on my bench and they are hooked up to the light switch , which would reset the clock every night . 
  i probably could , but i have my computer on the desk opposite to my work bench and that always has the time . 
  you really have a poor attitude , it just the buttons that are exposed . 
  the plate and wire are replacing the little conductive membranes that wore out . 
  that broke off a minute before the photo , and i though that it was still cool enough to post . 
  sure it is . 
  i had wire and a metal plate . 
  i 'm in one of those shops . 
  we only stock 1tb and up 3.5 in drives . 
  set it up across the room to make you have to walk to turn it off . 
  wow ... um ... you ok ? 
  i 'm sure there are other things to be worried about on your end . 
  replacing the battery is pretty quick on those things , like 15 bucks if you do it yourself , 65 if you pay someone to do it , and then you will have a fully functioning phone again . 
  my 1992 volvo 240 has the perfect spot to rest a phone , in landscape , at eye level , at an anti glare angle so you can read the screen for gps . 
  it is better at smart phones then any car that has been around for them . 
  not a pic of my exact car , ( same year , model and color though ) but i strangely have a bunch of screws i store there as well . 
  then get one  they are not expensive . 
  makes sense . 
  my first car was a 92 volvo ( in 2015 ) and i have been spoiled by it . 
  for 1500 i got a car with a cult following , working ac , and that rides comfy . 
  this is for the iphone 4 , the 2010 iphone . 
  if it is a different iphone then this website has the instructions . 
  yep , i do n't have it at all in my car . 
  i drive a brick of a 92 volvo 240, 
  i might have given you that quote . 
  yhe screens are so expensive thay at the price of $ 450 we still do n't make much money at all . 
  i 've never seen a private trash company . 
  i 've never seen a private trash company . 
  currently learning standard on a 87 ford ranger . 
  i have stalled it many times at stop lights since i got it 2 months ago . 
  what do you mean tough ? 
  because i 'm learning standard on a 87 ranger ( very similar according to the haynes manual ) . 
  you mean it 's suppose to be easier ... huh . 
  i probably will . 
  this was my first time driving a stick shift . 
  ( i got it to both learn how to drive stick and work on a car while im young with some extra money . 
  i have about 2 months of manual experience under my belt and i have learned how to change oil , a radiator , coolant , an idler pulley , tires , and disc brakes . 
  probably some . 
  i did n't have my multimeter handy , so i just assumed not much would be going through it . 
  before i did that it was some membrane buttons , so id assume not much . 
  well im always listening to the radio . 
  88.1 , npr , where there are no ads because its public broadcast . 
  i got the truck for $ 650 , but ive put quite a bit in work in it . 
  it still feels like a good financial decision even with all the repairs due to the education im getting . 
  my school had crts until 2013 . 
  it 's kind of silly that someone has no idea what a crt monitor is . 
  seriously . 
  i have friends who would look at me as if i had two heads if i admitted to liking hilary , and other friends who would do the same if i admitted to liking trump . 
  that 's only right outside new york . 
  it 's improper because you are not suppose to leave it a destroyed mess . 
  you are suppose to keep it nice enough to be a proud addition to your empire . 
  it is !, 
  my little bro was running a qx6700 up until a month ago . 
  that is a 2006 cpu and he was running fallout 4 with it . 
  nothing wrong with a prius , just as long as you are not smug about it . 
  . . it was a propeller plane . 
  i 've had applications , which are portable and not installed , pinned to my start button that could n't be put in the windows 8 start screen . 
  im actually installing windows 10 on a qx6700 right now . 
  i also have a xeon of the same era i use every day . 
  i feel that my 30 year old truck gets pretty good actually . 
  better then my sedan !, 
  well , as i can only speak for myself , at least 50 % rich . 
  ^ look ^ at ^ my ^ username, 
  me too , but mine is 29 years old . 
  that is a 1990s dell quietkey keyboard . 
  my 87 ford does n't have any structural rust and it has been in nj it 's whole life . 
  trenton , a big city ? 
  it 's more of a sad area then a city . 
  is walking into on coming traffic a anthem ? 
  because it seems like it is the # 1 thing people here in trenton nj do . 
  all day , with disregard for any and everyone else . 
  even the , always scanning paid option ? 
  it 's easy . 
  that ice cream flavor is widely available . 
  no , the americone dream ice cream . 
  it 's literally not a video game, 
  me too , but i literally wanted a reason to use the word `` literally '' .
