  its in the law though so there is that . 
  i mean ... when you get into a car or pick up a minigun you see the rest of you so ... 
  thats only 12 where i live . 
  well a absolutely huge part of the us population were german and a small part of the country was japanese ... 
  my only question is why is this in print if these are internet people ... isnt it expensive to get things in print ? 
  i had some to practice on . 
  i had some to practice on . 
  im pretty sure all states older then the 1840 's or something dont have them . . 
  yes in the us the drinking age is for buying alcohol . 
  drinking it with parental consent i think is like 15 or something . 
  yea , my physical driving test ( at the dmv near princton ) consited of a 7 min closed course at 15 mph and then parallel parking . 
  easy . 
  that would make sense due to its relation to the revolutionary war . 
  ok thank you for your input, 
  but for 12.95 how can you say no ? 
  i always get those free screwdrivers because i lose them as fast as i get them . 
  me too !, 
  june 28th was the end of a relationship that started oct 21 2012 . . and now i 'm crushing hard on a mutual friend , who has a long distance bf ... 
  i do n't want to be that guy though . 
  mine was for the best and the last 5 months seemed to have been lack luster compared to before , but damn do i miss being needed and hugged :(, 
  it gets rid of electronic interference on the cable for the vga cable , all cables have it built in now but did n't back then . 
  it 's neat to see something that i did n't know you had to do manually before . 
  ok thank you , that 's what i thought . 
  as i was using the phentom the performance was less then i thought it should be bit i wanted a second opinion . 
  thank you . 
  you should leave your house and meet new people , not for the sake of finding a romantic relationship exclusively , but for yourself . 
  hell , do n't even leave to meet people , just get outside . 
  i ride bikes a lot and it helps me . 
  riding bikes could help you meet someone new just by being out more , or it could help by having you be out and about . 
  it does n't , but somehow people still fail it . 
  as a new car owner i have to wonder , what happens if the bill is radically different from the quote i 'm given at the beginning ? 
  such as i get a quote for $ 300 bucks worth of work and i can afford that . 
  but when i go pick it up it turns out there was more that was wrong with it and it took longer and the total is now $ 450 . 
  if i ca n't afford that new price , but i agreed to the old one what happens ? 
  which looks very very good . 
  thank you for the explanation, 
  not a full remake , but a 720p@60fps release of the ps2 games on ps3 . 
  yes , three hundred dollars bucks . 
  you read it correctly . 
  thank god you added so much to the converstation !, 
  it was incomplete without your input !, 
  i was just wondering , i get my car fixed by my friend 's dad usually , but its a 92 volvo and he usually does american makes so if there is something unusual ( read as european ) ill have to take it somewhere else . 
  then its called a wife ... 
  yes , but due to the limits on the network and how time works anything under that limit is considered illegal . 
  literally . 
  i 'm gon na recommend getting older but good parts . 
  like something that is a few years old but still powerful . 
  i got a gtx 480 in 2014 for 100 bucks and it ran gta v and several other modern games up until this summer . 
  so older parts that were top of the line i feel is the best way to go . 
  look up scrap yard wars from linus tech tips ( episode 1 ) to see what i mean about older high end parts being a better value then newer mid range parts . 
  if the animals numbers are not put at risk ( such as if they were breed to be hunted ) and unfair tactics are not used then how is it immoral ? 
  the world is dangerous , and animals are not immune from that fact . 
  i feel it is perfectly fine if the hunter gets close and within danger . 
  where . . ? 
  not really . 
  if that 's all he is paying then that is n't bad at all . 
  my car from 1992 has it . . 
  i mean you are not wrong , except for the fact that if you put humans in a similar situation they would figure out what is going on and it will act like a form of psychological torture knowing that they were just breed to be hunted . 
  animals do n't have that so it lacks the long term torture part . 
  males cant suck blood or spread diseases . 
  yes , however , humans dont accidentally make the perfect habitat for elephants and lions by dropping soda cans and tires and having them breed several times more then the naturally sustanable amount . 
  for a long time the united states owned all of the land that currently make up the lower 48 states , but had no american citizens in it . 
  once an area filled up enough and boundries were set the area could apply for statehood . 
  well the states started to be created in pairs , ( before the civil war the issue of slavery was split directly down the middle with each side being even in the governement . 
  if a new state was added and added its representaives to one side or the other it would tip the scales and to keep the status quo for about 60 years or so they just added states in pairs . ), 
  by the time the civil war was over most of the states were formed , at least the territories that would become the states were in their boundries for the most part and it was awful clear that they would become states once they filled up with enough people to make it worth it to be represented in washington . 
  alaska and hawaii were filled with people mainly due to the us 's involvment in the pasific theater in wwii and our new need for a large military presence there . 
  people moved to the territories to support and live near the bases and there were eventually enough american people that wanted to be in america to ask and eventually become a state . 
  the territories that are left as territories all lack a fundamental trait , a bunch of people who want it to be a state in the union . 
  he means that if half of the funny can be showed in a less then 7 min trailer , then the movie will be awful . 
  it freaked me out too , i bought my first motherboard that was less then 5 years old about a year ago and i was way more excited about that then the upgraded ram or video card . 
  i thought it was kinda funny . 
  also im sleepy and its saterday morning . 
  i found 4 of those at the community recycle !, 
  however only 2 work , and i have those set up at my gaming pcs !, 
  i want a new fallout challenge , but i 'm not sure if it will be good for the 100,000 . 
  that game option seems best , 
  just pop in a cheap ssd and those old things speed up in ways you would n't imagine . 
  you can use cheap 30 buck 30-60 gb used ssds for it to save money . 
  but they do sell ide to sata adapters . 
  they use a very similar method to transfer data , except one is serial and the other is parallel, 
  not certain , but i have a feeling it has to do with air density , and the amount of noise aircraft make . 
  the air density being lower means less friction and more fuel saving , also flying above bad weather . 
  i mean , apple can afford not to , other companies . . not as much, 
  if i want that feeling , i use borax soap , cheap and safe , 
  eh , its a corse powder , it is used as a laundry detergent due to its shape of being a nonuser friendly powder but it used to be used on skin before liquid soap and when people wanted to avoid bar soap ( such as public places that have dispensers ) . 
  it works well once you wet it and such . 
  and nj this month . 
  source : i live in central nj and am outside all day . 
  bits of broken and sharp porcelain will break a car window on impact , even if they are tiny , crushed spark plug or bits of a broken toilet will do it instantaneously . 
  i 've done this . 
  one psu for the gpu because i 'm too cheap to buy a nice psu for a secondary computer, 
  one of them is more upfront about why they are taking it . 
  wtf is this so metric ... ? 
  bike against traffic too , no idea where you are from , but bikers are in just as much , if not more danger when going with traffic . 
  share the road ... hahaha where do you live that has people that `` share the road '' i avoid the road at all possible times and if i have to i go against traffic . 
  but sarge !, 
  north dakota ? 
  it has a booming job market currently , or so ive heard , and its unpopulated enough to mean that you can go a few miles in a direction and not have anyone bother you as you do dangerous stuff . 
  ( please note im only 18 and live in relativily locked down nj ),
