  june , 2014 . 
  i 'm getting a new one through the warranty . 
  out of the like 5 people i know with the s5 i 'm the only one with burn in issues . 
  ive tried ( on mine that has burn in ) . 
  it is too far gone, 
  where i am that can get you a mostly working car in better shape, 
  um my personal one has burn in as well , and it only took about 3 months to get slight burn in from the keyboard . 
  however , not all units do this ( my friends who have the s5 do n't have any ) . 
  for the walmart unit , probably everyday for months, 
  even so it is still a while , oh , did i mention it was stuck in a boot cycle , holding the power button did nothing, 
  maybe you do n't grasp how important diesel is . 
  the sheer amount of trucks , trains , and buses that are in the world and will be for decades already made hydrogen not the fuel of transporting goods . 
  i 'd like to see it power personal vehicles however . 
  they get it from russia, 
  im playing on a amd fx-3600 at 3.6 ghz and a gtx 480 . 
  im running at very high and its at about 45 fps . 
  its running fine . 
  are those core 2 duos ... ; - ;, 
  that is just saddening, 
  i had a gym teacher who did the same !, 
  and she scolded me for wanting to go to community collage ( to get it certs and an associates to get out into the working world ) . 
  she got into two collages due to sports and flunked both . 
  but she was hired ( she was a new hire at the time ) due to the fact that she was in the olympics at one point , and was not able to be fired due to being a gay , black woman . 
  ( in liberal new jersey she could have spun that 100 different ways if she was confronted about her behavior and sued ) . 
  she also taught health class and would always not teach , do personallity quizes online with the students , give us the answers to test to make sure that all her students got a 's and looked good on her . 
  not true !, 
  you can keep your job , even if you are terrible at it and act very inappropriately as long as you are a ex-olympic , gay , black , female athlete . 
  or at least that is what 11th grade gym/health has taught me . 
  well as the first country to adopt something , you usually get the older standards . 
  such as our standard television resolution and refresh rate . 
  and 120 volt power in the walls , and non polarized plugs still in use , and lots of plugs without ground . 
  oh the woes of doing it first . 
  they didnt know that . 
  that video was not a camcorder with magnetic tape , but film . 
  personal home movie cameras existed for a long time before that . 
  i 'm sticking to the `` move more , eat the same '' diet due to the fact that still i 'm loosing weight slowly and my girlfriend likes me a bit chubby . 
  that 's what mine said !, 
  for me the controls were way too clunky on ps3 . 
  never finished it . 
  they were , stealth games and first person never have smooth controls . 
  i found this out the hard way . 
  a 460 is around 45 bucks if you shop around . 
  i got my 480 for 90 2 years ago, 
  mine , with the reference cooler , gets up to 90 \u00b0 without even trying . 
  they are similar in power, 
  me too !, 
  true , sorry , was thinking about my 480, 
  you should n't need a fucking program to make your os usable !, 
  that being said i love the wipe it fresh , super fast reinstall button on 8.1, 
  i said usable , as in a functioning os . 
  i still run programs ... they just dont take the function of very key parts of the os, 
  programing clients ( ide 's they are called ? 
  not quite sure ) are not part of the stock os and are not a standard feature that i expect . 
  a usable interface is ... 
  it is not , have you even tried using it without switching to desktop immediately . . 
  especially ie or chrome in that metro enviroment * shudders *, 
  it basically hids the file browser ... i ca n't get a reliable way to open my computer without either going and clearing the desktop to get to the icon , or contol-n and get a window in the wrong place in the folder higherarchy . 
  it 's messed up and broken when before i could get to see all my drives with 2 clicks . 
  i also noticed there was no file browser `` app '' for that damn homescreen . 
  file browser , steam , and chrome are basically all i use and they are all harder to use on windows 8.1, 
  it was those damn too far respawn points, 
  that 's a whole lot more work then 2 clicks ... 
  1 ) yes i do n't like change, 
  2 ) i know that the ui and the os are totally different things , however the level of usability i expect from windows is apparently too high for this sub . 
  and if he can help people and make money then that is the best case that i can even think of . 
  they do their job , they are n't stupid , just deadly . 
  i mean , it can still play some games . 
  it is 9 years old and still rocking on , mine anyways . 
  my gf 's mom is like that !, 
  she is not allowed to cry in that house , even over dead family members . 
  such as at the funeral of her grandpa , her mom got pissed at her for crying saying `` you shoudlnt be this upset it was my dad !, 
  * sobs in front of her * '' now my gf has a very hard time expressing her emotions . 
  do you realize how often this stuff happens, 
  well . . is it possible to run out ? 
  yes . 
  will it ever for our purposes ? 
  nope . 
  just really freaking hard to get to . 
  you could type on the numbers . . 
  not sure if you know the greeks and their relationship to taxes . 
  that is what i was getting at as well . 
  i had to do a report on that last month . 
  as a senior in highschool i have never seen anyone who was n't 60 + years old wear a helmet . 
  its the law here in nj but you never see anyone getting in trouble . 
  not central jersey thats for sure . 
  as a kid ( 17 ) , i havent seen people wear helmets ... like at all . 
  anyone who is wearing one is literally a senior citizen . 
  years in solitary does irreparable damage . . 
  all celerons should be burned . . 
  no i 'm saying that advocating for the death penalty and i am happy with the ruling, 
  is that a volvo 240 ? 
  i have a very similar volvo . 
  it was the first car to have crumple zones , they should have survived . 
  2067 they had 10 years so possible and used , but expensive, 
  damn . 
  4 2 gb ddr3 sticks is quite nice, 
  me too !, 
  but those are pictures of us wars . . 
  but who really checks ... ? 
  they do n't in hamilton or west windsor,
