  i am confused , as i have 2 different sized screens , with different aspect ratios , and i am not attempting to do stereo anything but sound . 
  yea . 
  it 's pretty bad . 
  i have headphones for games though . 
  those are for youtube and music . 
  multi purpose cleaner . 
  i use it to clean all kinds of electronics . 
  broke ? 
  stole is more like it . 
  it 's stupid easy to remove the screen assembly and they cost a lot too . 
  a cheap tool kit and 7 minutes and they could have made like 300 dollars . 
  it is a terminal model m ( 1986 ) keyboard , so it had some oldschool/obsolete terminal related keys , so i took some keys from a broken model m that i had and replaced them with more modern caps . 
  also , since it is hooked up via an active adapter , i was able to remap some of the weird ones . 
  that blank one near right shift is the win key , and both '' - '' and `` field - '' are the '' - '' and the blank one under it is plus . 
  the field and plus key is enter . 
  cmd1 - cmd12 are the function keys . 
  the one in the middle of the direction pad is also enter . 
  the rest are free to become macros in the future once i get used to it . 
  this replaces my 1992 model m standard ( not the broken one , that one was a 1996 ) . 
  thats what i love about it . 
  i currently have 19 unused macro keys . 
  that is on top of the full keyboard experience and not including fn combos . 
  yes , but hp consumer is like an f or d - . 
  dell consumer is a c to d + usually . 
  the sell is currently out of this adapter . 
  but still has the adapter for a normal model f. 
  had one of those , i left it behind at my old job for my coworkers to enjoy . 
  you can find them untested on ebay for 30-60 dollars . 
  although you will need the adapter , which is currently sold out . 
  hopefully it will be back in stock soon . 
  122 key ibm model m terminal keyboard, 
  however you will need a currently sold out adapter . 
  it might be more there , as i am not sure how prevalent ibm was in france at that time . 
  i know the computer scene was pretty different in europe compared to the us in the 80s and early 90s . 
  lots of different brands before standards really formed . 
  i do !, 
  ill check that out right now !, 
  i am not sure if you are working on a car . 
  we would add that 40k to the 200k our house is worth and probably move to pa. 
  it 's like 10 minutes from my house and similar . 
  hawt, 
  acting as if garbage man is a bad job . 
  those guys make a lot !, 
  in the last 15 years apple has had exactly 2 connectors for their stuff . 
  before that they used firewire which was not apple exclusive either . 
  from how i understand it , they have n't been around real situations like those ( legit amazon credit card info page etc ) enough to tell what signs mean a real or fake website . 
  combine that all this may be new to them ( only 15 years or so out of 60 + years of adulthood ) and you end up with someone who may be smart , but ends up reading the text of the website and taking it at face value . 
  [ michelle obama showing off for the camera . ], 
  because it was the ugliest car ever . 
  no , but i have eyes and i can tell . 
  plus my friend 's parents had one . 
  i 'm sorry to hear about that . 
  but in all seriousness i have a 1992 volvo 240 , and i think that it looks cool , although i have heard some people who disagree . 
  do n't forget ashens !, 
  older cars are cheaper to fix . 
  my friends 79 chevy is super cheap to keep running . 
  anything past 1995 and it starts to be more expensive . 
  thats when you pick up pc gaming and cars as a hobby . 
  it fixes the excess income issue . 
  if i am not mistaken that keyboard is a dell quietkey ? 
  damn !, 
  i was wrong :(, 
  i love it, 
  oh i 've spent over that easily . 
  i do n't even play games that much . 
  just having it and setting it up make me happy . 
  my friend put cream soda in the power steering reservoir , as it was a beater truck and was leaking a lot . 
  stopped leaking for a bit and he got power steering . 
  spending a lot of time with my replacement , saying i was being paranoid and weird for being suspicious about them `` hanging out '' together . 
  then using my `` paranoia '' as an excuse to break up with me . 
  over a email . 
  on my birthday . 
  probably the afterlife . 
  do n't you even think about it . 
  this threatens my way of life . 
  oh but smoking is ok for you ? 
  that does n't cause cancer . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ hope, 
  because it 's becoming common to have a gender neutral bathroom , and a women 's room . 
  apparently not . 
  at least my community college thinks so . 
  go to computer management , ( just type that in the start menu ) . 
  on the left there should be something called device manager . 
  click it . 
  then on the right side , a bunch of items will appear . 
  near the top of these new items will be one that says display adapter . 
  it should have your gpu there and first . 
  nj if your car is from before 1995 . 
   `` it 's easier for a teenager to get his hands on a glock than a computer ... or even a book . '' - while lecturing the attendees of the dallas police shooting memorial, 
  libraries . 
  and second hand shops ... 
  oh god they are from jersey too . 
  we do n't like them here either . 
  not fat enough . 
   country squire, 
  i love the idea !, 
  only issue is the only one i found near me has no title ( not worth the headache in nj , as it is a 8 month + process to get one made ) . 
  ill keep on the look out though , thanks !, 
  do you know if chevy made anything like this during that time ? 
  my friend has a bunch of small block parts he said he would share and i would like to take him up on that .
