  i mean its not like they can even count past 3.5 themselves . 
  you get out whenever you get gas ... weird . 
  yes . 
  i am a new jersey resident . 
  it is illegal to pump our own gas here . 
  as someone who owned a hp computer , i approve . 
  their consumer stuff is really shit . 
  reading them somewhat out of order for the first time now , you can get the gist of anything from a previous book quite quickly . 
  thats why i keep a journal . 
  i have every day since june 18th or so 2011 ( im only 18 ) and i plan to keep writing every day for my whole life . 
  my journal is a record of what happened and i have to write everything down because if i dont it feels like im erasing parts of my life and i just ca n't do that . 
  i can cross my state in that amount of time ^ ^ at ^ ^ night * lives in new jersey . 
  is this arkham knight ? 
  same . 
  towards dennis . 
  is it different then 2nd party developers like naughty dog and hal laboratories ? 
  i mean , it is a neon . 
  i had a lawnmower that only ran if the fuel was like , 30 % or more seafoam . 
  i know right . 
  all these other people are acting as if it is a crime to enjoy service at a `` service station '', 
  but i like his stuff ... channel superfun is fun . 
  also dennis is the best . 
  nickyv makes me smile and luke is friendly . 
  i have been doing all the homework that will be due for the next 2 weeks ... except that essay due the 11th ... 
  lowering price does n't mean they were n't evil . . 
  fallout 1 is a good game ... 
  no here is the plan , go to bed monday at 5 , wake up at 12 or 1 , stay up for fallout then school then fallout until 9 pm tuesday then sleep normally . 
  like half the assets look awesome . 
  the other half look awful . 
  that said im having a blast . 
  eh , my brother is playing on a phentom ii 945 , r9 280 ( not r9 280x , just the 280 ) , and 8 gb of ddr2 and it is running fine . 
  high school ? 
  all high school women are lesbians . 
  i didnt say maxed out , i said running fine . 
  he is using medium presets . 
  damn , i got used to knowing where everyone was in 3 and nv :(, 
  as they were generally settled later or plantation farming based and needed a lot of land around the main town . 
  i got my car from craigslist for $ 1500 cash . 
  9 months so far and still showing no signs of stopping  if you search around you can get a good deal on used cars , but most people who want a new car ca n't afford to pay it outright . 
  thats why i bought a 1992 240 . 
  i wanted something that defies the laws of mechanics . 
  me too , but there is only one way to learn . 
  gore because who would want to look like vista ? 
  also i could n't think of anywhere else that would really appreciate it , 
  eh , i know it was soild after a while . 
  but the joke is a joke . 
  does n't felony imply federal government ? 
  how would the state effect the outcome if it is against the federal government . 
  there is a bit of a stereotype that american indians smell unpleasant , however i have never meet anyone who either thought or proved it to be true . 
  very basic homes all have showers . 
  we have had indoor plumbing for a long time and huge housing booms in the 50 's and 60 's lead to a situation where all homes , no matter how crappy , have access to a bathroom with a shower . 
  ( not a guarantee that it works though if you are very destitute . ), 
  watch manyatruenerd . 
  his videos are more like a show then watching someone play a game . 
  his voice is like a friend hanging out with you instead of someone screaming at a screen . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  thanks, 
  i do this all the time, 
  yep . 
  everything that i do n't need go to county electronic recycle . 
  i was super tense throughout the whole thing . 
  your titles !, 
  also was the mistake just the getting lost thing ? 
  its easier to dispute accusations of cheating if he is on xbox 360 . 
  whenever i play it i start hating it and disliking the changes and thinking `` i paid $ 90 for this ?!?! '', 
  then i look down and realized i got lost in the commonwealth for 7 hours straight and am having a lot of fun . 
  ive done the 2 psu to one computer trick before . 
  it works but . . and he has no idea how electricity or power supplies work . . 
  such a fantastic/weird movie, 
  i hate the awful frame rates in the city , but besides for that im having fun . 
  did you get to boston yet ? 
  because if there is a big building within sight low 20 's framerate city . 
  infamous 1 & 2 are both fantastic fun . 
  i have that same model . 
  the circuits for the lights in the back are complete shit . 
  love the car though . 
  i have that exact car . 
  a whole taillight is $ 60 shipped , i broke one 4 months ago and had to buy it . 
  also that car is most likely worth $ 1000 still a lot of demand for them in working condition . 
  its because it is still leaded right ? 
  my brother is using a phentom 2 with a r9 280 . runs well on medium . 
  i 'd recommend a gpu upgrade before you spring for a cpu upgrade . 
  you can always buy a cpu afterward . 
  even for inital setup ? 
  not so much anymore . 
  all newer games seem to use all cores . 
  free ? 
  still 70 bucks or so here . 
  and because it 's german you have to remove the barrel to change the treads out . 
  kobo , i bought the 2013 model , brand new unopened for $ 50 shipped on ebay . 
  `` ok i 'm going to sleepy good night . 
  and good luck, 
  but one has a real goal . 
  lights dont stop smells ... 
  i feel bad for the horse . 
  animals still understand respect , even if the rules are different . 
  that dog had no idea on how to respect something that was huge/strong and frankly i do n't feel bad for something that ca n't figure out that attacking something that much bigger than him was a bad idea . 
  how ? 
  it looked like a dog went berserk and the horse was like `` wtf dog ?
