  you ca n't easily use a model f on a modern computer though . 
  the layout of the keys is also substantially different . 
  i mean ... 
  i have a model m i 'm using and a model f i 'm not . 
  i should switch this up, 
  robots ftw is da bomb, 
  yes . 
  literally , a singular ton of raw materials . 
  only one . 
  that is the issue . 
  north korea is n't all that mineral rich actually . 
  i 've noticed that a lot of people follow the rules to the letter , and `` fuck you '' if you fall out of line . 
  too many damn people going too damn fast to be not following the rules . 
  in the us that guy would be dead . 
  like he should be . 
  still is amazingly more reasonable . 
  yes, 
  well , i assume he isnt alive today , as he was a full adult in 1934 . 
  i own 2 cars because together they cost just over 2 grand, 
  look at you , assuming that cars are expensive . 
  can you upload a link to the junkware folder ? 
  i would want that stuff at my disposal . 
  i was hopeful , until by march it was n't getting better . 
  black people ca n't be easily silly !, 
  did you forget ? 
  to the people they would be worrying about , that distinction does n't matter . 
  in new jersey usa it was a short written test where you had to get an 80 % or better and a 10 minute driving exam on a closed course . 
  all the bi women i 've meet have been crazy . 
  these numbers make sense . 
  at my shop people come in with vista all the time . 
  we wouldnt care about 7 until 2027 or something . 
  the resolution was capped at 800x600 i think and it was only in 4:3 with very little mouse support . 
  and it did n't have an exit game function . 
  its borked . 
  iphone 5 screens ar n't expensive , you most likely need a new one . 
  the softkeys are part of the charging port and they are under the lcd . 
  what clamps do you use and how long do you clamp it for ? 
  i only pirate for computers that i make for projects . 
  i love to make computer builds out of junk , and load them up with pirated games to see how well they run . 
  i never pirate games for my actual computer . 
  well that 's why . 
  bugs are horrid here . 
  also the screen keeps the cat from falling 3 stories . 
  camden is just a shitty part of philly that happens to have a river in the way . 
  ok . my boss does n't really believe in the glue , so hopefully this will make him feel different, 
  wot, 
  got . 
  however . 
  older . 
  chipset . 
  the . 
  pins . 
  are . 
  the . 
  cpu . 
  intel . 
  did . 
  that . 
  for . 
  long . 
  time . 
  and . 
  stopped . 
  doing . 
  why . 
  are . 
  you . 
  putting . 
  after . 
  every . 
  word . 
  most likely japan and south korea have higher standards for poverty . 
  like what would be considered poverty in japan and south korea would be nowhere near the definition of poverty in china . 
  look at my username . 
  the jak and daxter series was my childhood . 
  i loved jak2 the most , however it is super hard . 
  the whole series is fantastic and i recommend it with every bone in my body . 
  i fix computers for a living , so i often get computers that people leave in the shop when they do n't feel that it is worth the 99 dollars to get that old vista install up and running properly again . 
  i love to try to bog them down to see how much they can really handle . 
  another plan i have is to take a laptop that is really crappy , but looks recent , and load it up beyond use , and leave it in an area that is n't known for its integrity , and see if anyone will even try to steal it . 
  u dont no me, 
  fuck you need to tell my boss this . 
  i wish i got really good training , i was just told to look over the shoulder of another tech ( who was improperly trained as well ) and it is really obvious about how much we can not do compared to what we should be able to do . 
  i 've used a 400 watt chineseium psu with a e8400 and a gtx 460 for a year with no grounding pin and an extension cord , while using molex to sata adapters . 
  being `` 3rd tier '' do n't scare me . 
  pretty fair price , water is bad , screens are fragile , and phones are expensive . 
  is it possible to solder a single resistor on and have it know that it is a wifi ipad not a cellular one ? 
  he meant the state u dummy, 
  i have an ipod touch 2nd gen 8gb with a cracked screen , bent frame , and broken headphone jack i inherited from a friend when he wanted to throw it out . 
  it has been my alarm clock pluged into 40 pin connector speakers for over 4 years now . 
  i genuinely love seeing old hardware keep being used tho . 
  i know . 
  but it warms my heart still seeing a 486 running a pos . 
  it 's called a constructive protest now . 
  huh , thats how christie 's presidential bid was paid for . 
  she does know that haiti is a completely independent country and we can not do much . 
  sorry , we do not have the responsibility to do anything . 
  tell that to me , who can drive 60 + miles every day . 
  im tempted , mainly because it is 5 minutes away from where i am currently living . 
  yep , its totally selfish of me to spend 30 minutes driving , vs 2 hours and changing 2 busses each way .
