  it 's the one from the song with the trains right ? 
  i think those are called editing scissors . 
  in the says before cut and paste , secretaries would literally cut and paste paragraphs and such . 
  it was so long as to get a nice straight cut . 
  that is what i think they are . 
  they match the description of editing scissors i read about . 
  thankfully i have n't had to do that with someone yet . 
  i always have this in the back of my mind however if i ever need to . 
  i was sad no water game :(, 
  well those old pentium 4s are still usable today with 1-2 gb of ram and xp or linux . 
  mine too , respawn points are a bitch though , especially later in the game . 
  believe me ive tried , it wont boot from cd ( their is no internal cd drive and my pcmia and usb dvd drives are too new to be booted from in the bios . ), 
  i havent tried installing through windows though ... ill try that next . 
  prob about 1 gb , compiters back then were being sold with 128 mb as the norm . 
  i 'm sorry , i stand corrected . 
  i wasnt much into computers in 2000-2001 but i have had quite a few computers from that time so i assumed that is what most of them had . 
  i actually have the pi and it 's fantastic !, 
  i put it in a little fake book as the case  usb splitter in there too . 
  ok i 'll look into it . 
  i 've been looking for some software for it . 
  i just got it recently . 
  what 's wrong with ps/2 ? 
  if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . 
  ( i am referring to the ps/2 style mouse and or keyboard , not op 's mouse , which was in fact broken ), 
  yes but a good mouse is a good mouse , or if you have limited usb ports and a free ps/2 port ? 
  slap !?!? 
  hit tie him to the railroad tracks and make his mother watch and force her to clean it up . 
  and 0 as well . 
  it was the only assassin 's creed game i 've ever played so i assume the others are better ? 
  i did n't like it do i got a bit turned off to the series . 
  it 's on the wiiu as well . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  not as scary but it 's another classic resident evil game that still looks amazing . 
  i know it does n't , just sometimes companies do n't put much effort into porting them over so i thought i 'd include it . 
  so was i. 
  i want to test it out , can i do it without the adapters ? 
  ok i 'll look out for one then . 
  ah ok thank you , this is the answer i needed . 
  motherboard ? 
  yes but how important was it considered ? 
  as a new jersian , fuck you too . 
  save train !, 
  this story gave me hope for humans , 
  pretty much all the teams need money , and you do n't see everyone begging on here . 
  please find a diffrent way to fundraise and good luck in 2014 . 
  why ? 
  slave and master works fine ( with slower times that is ), 
  oh , makes sense . 
  sorry , i do n't copy discs very much , at least not without a hdd in the middle . 
  but windows 7 came put in 2009 and windows vista in 2006 ... 2004 would be xp territory ... 
  this is me !, 
  i saw i bunch of 4 gb ones for 3 bucks a pop a while back . 
  no money . 
  i was devastated !, 
  i tried to do this , but the router needed to be reconfigured and i didnt find the time . 
  this made me very happy , 
  thank you and you sir have good revenge plans . 
  ya , this is your best legal free option . 
  where are you guys located ? 
  ( state i mean ) because i do n't think we stand a chance against that thing ... 
  ok good  i 'm on the east coast . 
  i have a chance !, 
  i hope so !, 
  every day feels like a half day and it is glorious !!!, 
  pale skin . 
  and an awsome laugh/sneeze / cute cough , 
  1 ) i 'm sorry i do not have an answer for your problem . 
  2 ) none of that intro was nessesary , that 's why you have gotten downvoted . . 
  well it 's their company , if they want to exchange helping people for having them follow a religion they are free to do so . 
  it 's not a requirment to go to the salvation army if you need help . 
  it 's an option , which happens to come with the christianity . 
  it 's your choice to go there and they are completely allowed to run their service with their morals and goals . 
  what is your definition of gore ? 
  a few holes in a case is nothing ... 
  how does one even get the virus ? 
  ads ? 
  alright , ill just get it :(, 
  oh :( i was hoping it was simple :( oh well . 
  whenever someone says something silliest to me i assume they are making fun of me and make me very upset . 
  in my experiance , athletic people arnt the nicest and even if they have good intentions , they still look down on you . 
  what 's more common ? 
  encouragement or insults ? 
  or a better question , which do people remember better ? 
  i collect radios and do n't like them modified . 
  this is like murdering babies and kittens , then putting their mutilated corpses on a shelf with booze ... :(, 
  thank you . 
  i collect some ( i have only a few so far ) but i sent the link to my friend who is really into them . 
  he has them lining his walls of his room . 
  i know people who have n't even touched windows 98 ... or seen it in person . 
  once you got the drivers , windows 98 had pretty good flashdrive support . 
  i found an old kaypro 2 for 30 bucks with both the os and wordperfect on it . 
  still intact ( except for the 2nd 5\u00a01/4 floppy drive ) . 
  really ? 
  i just got 1 driver and the flashdrive took care of everything , ( built in drivers ), 
  what i meant was that for a system that was developed before that type of technology existed it performed well . 
  if someone said this to me i would automatically assume they were making fun of me , get upset , and leave . 
  i just need people to leave me alone at the gym . 
  be careful who you say it too and how you say it . 
  they arnt terrible , if you get a good one . 
  a bad one is awful , i 'd take a good crt vs a midrange lcd,
