  we take it in and try to get into the bios . 
  only half the screen is showing . 
  only the left half of the splash screen is visible . 
  same for the bios . 
  tried auto-calibrate on the monitor , tried a different monitor , tried the video card in a separeate computer ( its a nvidia gt730 and it has no onboard video ) and it works fine . 
  i took out everything but the ram , cpu , video card , and power supply and still nothing . 
  anyone have any ideas ? 
  the computer is a hp h8-1414 desktop . 
  i was doing a digitizer replacement on an ipad air , and the home button wont stay correctly . 
  how do you guys do it ? 
  do you use glue , or tape ? 
  are there any good repair videos for this question out there ? 
  thank you in advance . 
  i am replacing a lg g3 's screen and no matter which screen i use the screen has an issue where it fades to black and will not come back on until i lock the phone and unlock it again . 
  do you guys feel that it is just a bad batch of screens , or is there some known issue with doing this repair that i am unaware of . 
  i am using lcds that come with the frame . 
  i have 16 gb of ddr3 in my gaming rig ( 8x2 ) and i have 2 slots left . 
  i have another 8 gb of ram ( 8x1 ) and i also have 4 gb of ddr3 ( 2x2 ) . 
  i want to have as much ram as possible without sacrificing speed very much ( i just do n't want to loose frames in video games ) . 
  would running ( 8x2 ) and ( 8x1 ) [ total = 24 ] be slower then ( 8x2 ) and ( 2x2 ) [ total = 20 ] ? 
  i have this macbook pro , and when you turn it on , the screen is completely blank . 
  no backlight , or image ( without backlight ) . 
  it is on however because the caps lock button lights up when you press it and also you hear the start up chime . 
  however , if you take it , close the lid , wait 5-15 minutes , and open it again then it will work completely fine . 
  i tried resetting the pram and the nvram . 
  any ideas on what it could be ? 
  one is 4g , in pristine condition , but icloud locked . 
  i also have a wifi only ipad 4 , with broken digitizer , lcd , and banged up case . 
  can i take the logic board out of the banged up one and put it on the 4g case with no issue ? 
  ( i repair ipads all the time , so i 'm not worried about breaking the glass or any parts ) . 
  thank you in advance . 
  i want to remove the icloud lock on an ipad that my college threw out . 
  i dont care about the cellular aspect of it . 
  i just want to give it to my mom as a gift . 
  does anyone know of a way to do it ? 
  i have a macbook pro that has both windows and mac os on it . 
  once windows was installed , the mac os partition got deleted . 
  i was able to save the data , but now i want to reinstall mac os . 
  will it work if i just boot from a mac os flash drive and point it to the now empty partiton ? 
  will windows still work ? 
  i have 2 ibm model f 's , one operational , and one missing keys , however the layout is pretty dated and it requires a converter to work with a modern computer ( along with the fact that id have to separate it from the 5150 it came with ) . 
  i am currently using a ibm model m , but i preferred the feeling of the model f . what modern switch is the most similar to the feeling and sound of a model f ? 
  the only mechanical keyboards i know are the model f , model m , and some older alps switches . 
  i also know about cherry reds , dont like them , too quiet and no bump . 
  i am trying to fix an old casio keyboard , and it seems that power is n't making it into the circuit from the battery input . 
  ( the batteries are good , and i dont have the plug ) . 
  i am trying to figure out where the power comes in so i can follow it for breaks , only thing is , on the schematic the positive power in seems to be completely isolated . 
  every component near it doesnt seem to be connected to the positive side ( tested with a diode testing setting on multimeter ) and i cant seem to find anything in the schematic of the board that is connected either . 
  ( here is the schematic http://www.burnkit2600.com/manuals/casio_sk-1_srvc.pdf ), 
  here is a close up of what im looking at . 
  how is the circled positive area connected to anything ? 
  ive noticed that most batteries that we get in ( for iphones mostly ) are kind of a crapshoot . 
  2 out of every 5 dont work it seems . 
  is there a better source or manufacturer that you guys know of that is better ? 
  i wanted some impressive looking and alright sounding speakers to go next to my 21:9 , 34 inch ultrawide curved monitor . 
  got to look overkill and be loud . 
  they sound pretty good to me , but do you guys feel that i overpaid for them . 
  they are in good shape . 
  i wanted to play another round through resident evil 0 last month , but as i popped in my game cube disc , it would n't read . 
  turns out it is too scratched . 
  i saw that the ps4 hd reskin was only 20 bucks and i decided to give it a whirl . 
  oh my god . 
  it looked sharp , however there was some definite `` residue '' from upscaling the assets from 480p . 
  some things looked grainy , some imperfections . 
  so i hooked up my ps4 to my 35 inch , samsung 720p/1080i crt from 2006 via hdmi ... it was amazing . 
  due to the softer nature of the crt , all those remanence of the upscaling process disappeared . 
  it was just the original game , how it was suppose to be . 
  the correct aspect ratio , with awesome colors , all at double the original resolution . 
  it looked how the creators wanted it to look . 
  also , with the increased graphics power , the shadows are all smooth ( my only real graphical gripe with the gamecube version ) . 
  i feel that a hd crt is the best way to experience any content upscaled from 480p . 
  i just got my first office job . 
  i 'm a paid intern at a well off tech consulting firm ( at 19 !! ), 
  and they said i could bring in my own keyboard . 
  how many weeks should i wait to bring in my model m ? 
  i do n't want to get the reputation of being loud right away . 
  i 'm gon na go with my ( rubber dome ) dell quietkey in the meantime . 
  ( it 's surprisingly good for a membrane . 
  my specs :, 
  i7 4790k, 
  26 gb of ddr3 ram , ( 3x8 , 1x2 ), 
  gtx 970, 
  so for the last 2 months , my computer has been running out of ram . 
  i got a subscription to a website and i am trying to download and save as much as i can before the 3 month deal runs out . 
  now i understand the chrome takes a lot of ram , and that downloading several gigabytes of video via the browser takes a lot of ram , however , it should n't take up 26 gb all at once , and it especially should n't still be unavailable after the downloads finish and i close chrome ( and edge , i tried edge as well , same thing ) , and stop the processes . 
  i have to reboot every 6 hours or so of computer time . 
  it also runs out of ram ( not as fast ) when im not downloading either . 
  task manager does n't say that any program is taking up all 26 gb , but it does say that it is using it all in performance manager . 
  i am stumped on what could be using it and id rather not reinstall , as there are quite a few programs i manually configured and would rather not redo it all . 
  [ removed ], 
  my little brother 's computer is having a weird issue . 
  the desktop does n't load on startup . 
  the taskbar loads , the start menu loads , and he can launch programs from there , but their are no icons on the desktop and you can not `` drag to select '' anything . 
  you click and drag and nothing . 
  no blue rectangle . 
  any ideas on what has been causing this ? 
  he just uses it for games and as he can access steam , via the start menu . 
  windows 10 home . 
  i do n't know what make to look at . 
  i 'm looking for a very large sedan .
