  canadian, 
  i wish we went to the same middle school . 
  i like pale girls , red heads , freckles , have a thing for braces, 
  notice how he said it was overall nice that means he is canadian, 
  me too . 
  but canadians are nice, 
  that 's what i meant, 
  probably is thought i have n't seen it . 
  i try any new version of ie as soon as they come out to see if they fixed the problem . 
  it is n't even close to usable, 
  apostolate who are you and why do you have a huge amounts of gif 's dedicated to you ? 
  oh thanks . 
  i do n't want you to shut up.you have some good input . 
  you obviously have n't used enough duck tape and pudding, 
  i 'm an socially awkward piece of shit and i just sit here all brown and smelly, 
  now make your own poster full of porn stars and say `` my girls '', 
  my dog will lift his leg , put it down again , then proceed to piss all over his legs and feet . 
  he is also scared of the kitchen floor, 
  douchbag, 
  the same way i was raised . 
  it takes more effort to raise a child that way but yields better results . 
  also my dad did n't hit me at all . 
  he instead did 4 hour lectures that made you feel like shit for days . 
  sometimes they lasted until the wee hours of the morning . 
  my teacher told all the guys that we would run out of sperm eventually and scared every guy in the class into not jerking off for a few days, 
  the sign of a good person, 
  dam , i wanted the red snapper, 
  it was locked, 
  i will always remember the time i found out that girls could be even bigger pervs then guys ... ah 6th grade, 
  i like how her hair changed color at the end, 
  childhood = broken, 
  jaws were meant to be broken, 
  exacly, 
  especially when your mom is helping you get up because your late, 
  i like your way better, 
  ok thanks for responding, 
  4 hp i do n't want it to go more then 10-15 mph, 
  well if you spend all summer at your unwell grandmas they do, 
  i do n't remember my dreams often but the ones i do remember always have plot twists, 
  yep it just feels weird with dressing . 
  i might put salt or very rarely a little bit of oil . 
  sorta , i act high when i 'm tired . 
  i wo n't ever need to take drugs to feel like that , just reddit for a while, 
  no but that is currently happening with my grandma, 
  my friend made me watch some , they were dreadful, 
  yes, 
  water chestnuts, 
  i want the power to create super powers and automatically get them the moment i conceive them . 
  i would be unstoppable, 
  ya but i play with knives anyway ... 
  ya it also works for the lower section . 
  it lets me use my imagination . 
  ketchup and pizza, 
  ca n't sleep if not at night at all, 
  i love resident evil but sometimes it 's too much ( the older ones too ), 
  i 'm not, 
  i 'm depending on this, 
  yes but i 'm 15 so it is n't as big of a deal . 
  it 's just an embarrassment if i hit on anyone younger or older, 
  iphone, 
  well it is in september but no reason to delay karma, 
  putting this as the startup page on the family computer, 
  you are in the midwest ar n't you, 
  do n't hide it just take it like a man ( or woman ) !!!, 
  you gave me hope for the future, 
  and this is surprising how ? 
  schools still out and it was n't on the property , just near it . 
  alright i 'm going into hiding . 
  what should i tell my family ? 
  well before i go i have to say something . 
  i love you ... 
  it 's even worse that i kept the conversation going the whole time . 
  but at least you ar n't any other race or gender , amiright !, 
  i 'm cuming to get you . 
  me too, 
  i understood that refrence on the first try , take that, 
  you are a wonderful person, 
  i hope this up vote helps your cake day ambitions, 
  not the right place to put to but nice ideas, 
  well being 15 the day i got a dsi was a special day indeed, 
  its a horrible small bug that is nearly invisible , that bites you , sucks out your blood , and leaves a very itchy bump on the skin . 
  it can also spread viruses . 
  google it . 
  you are good but i do n't think you will replace shitty_watercolour , sorry . 
  i do n't but it is hard to see all those sharp objects through the roaches, 
  well you have no credit score . 
  which can be as bad as a awful credit score . 
  i recommend that you get a credit card , spend a little bit of money with it , and pay all of your debts off at once at the end of the month, 
  mine are a duel core and have 2gb of ram . 
  run xp like a dream, 
  well xp runs fine ( with no background applications mind you ) on the pentium 4 512mb machines so with a duel core and 2gb you can do quite a bit, 
  nj = good, 
  camden and newark = bad, 
  tectonically everyone is allergic to alcohol, 
  i understood this refrence on the first try . 
  my god what am i doing with my life ?!?!? 
  thanks, 
  well now that seeing everything else that is there i feel a bit guilty for suggesting it . 
  do you know where to get any money for my team . 
  it is for the hamilton high west robotics team .
