  pre-1983 pennies are copper in the states . 
  i know , but it seemed like you were saying all pennies were not pure copper . 
  notice that big empty spot in the middle of nj ? 
  even the most densly populated states has its areas with nothing but pine trees . 
  why is it ok for you to say that , but if i say that on the bus i get dirty looks ? 
  it can get in the cab from under the car ? 
  and 2 cars . 
  might have been before they were a joke . 
  where do you put the glue ? 
  on the bracket or the little plastic circle that separates the glass from the button plastic . 
  thank you for your help . 
  ill make sure i have my boss order new parts . 
  good point . 
  depends , some times they are a v6 . 
  is there any other kind . . ? 
  hey !, 
  i drive a 240 !, 
  i think they are cute :(, 
  like a dumber trevor, 
  i have one right now . 
  those 212cc engines are a beast for 99 bucks . 
  florida for some reason . 
  or the costal south . 
  yes it is , what are n't you getting about that . 
  completely required . 
  my alternator broke the other day , and if i did n't have a parent who happened to be nearby , i would have been stuck at my school parking lot , unable to do anything to fix the issue , or get to work tomarrow . 
  nice card , for 50 dollars . 
  not saying 50 bucks for its current power , but as a collector 's peice . 
  for a 2008 themed build with a qx6700 and 8gb of ddr2 . 
  huh , my dad occasionally plays , but we have to go to pa. 
  good point, 
  those are still pretty good , the 580 isnt that much better and my brother and dad use one for fallout 4 . 
  i should do this to my 240, 
  sounds like a good way to teach people how to cart extra food to the bathroom to dispose of, 
  not very good for making friends . 
  nobody lives on campus and everyone knows they will leave within 2 years so there is no community at the community college . 
  everything is kinda cheap and half-assed . 
  then europe has uncreative people . 
  not true . 
  europe is full of mean people , just like everywhere else . 
  good point . 
  i 'd assume so . 
  but europe has less creative cunts . 
  a galaxy s5 ? 
  you ca n't . 
  the screens almost always break trying to get them off so they can not successfully be transplanted . 
  but it 's not so little of a risk a shop would do just a transplant . 
  and any vehicle made before 95 has no inspection at all !, 
  same in nj . 
  yes , but trenton is sad looking as fuck . 
  ( source : i drove through it on my way home today ), 
  i see ... 
  it is broken . . 
  if that is all you are getting at , then this is not the right sub , www.reddit.com/r/techsupportgore would be the place to post this . 
  play the videos on a ps3 or xbox 360 if you have them and have them output to component on a vcr . 
  yes yes it is . 
  not even that violent . 
  just sad . 
  i drive a volvo 240 , it has the same ability , but does n't look dumb . 
  yes , if it plugged in first . 
  ... other places have a food tax ... well shit . . although i bet having no food tax makes up for the highest property taxes in the country . 
  i was about 4 as well , but i fit most of the criteria other people have said is required to be a millennial . 
  eh , it 's fast enough and luxurious for me . 
  well then the rock moves . 
  i just purchased a 1987 ford ranger ( with a clutch that was about 1 year old with 6 months of use ) to learn stick on . 
  took me 2 hours to be safe , about 4 days to be comfortable . 
  250 miles with about 50 of them in bumper to bumper traffic makes you learn really quick . 
  where ? 
  yes , but ive had to fix them before . 
  a pain in the ass . 
  the cables need to be attached in a nearly impossible angle . 
  it depends where you are in nj . 
  the closer you get to rich areas , the worse the cops are . 
  in the trenton area the cops are pleasant and never ever get you for small stuff . 
  i use one everyday as an alarm clock . 
  pretty much everyone i know here in nj has a stove top kettle ... everyone knows what a kettle is , but we also do not have electric kettles very often . 
  the upgrade can break things , and for computer illiterate people this can be an expensive and major issue . 
  both my car 's were under 1500 usd . 
  my friend got a classic truck for $ 550 , and only put $ 300 into it . 
  ( that was this year as well ), 
  oh my god , this is happening to 2495 as well ... 
  half my family is running 580s , ( which we picked up real cheap late 2015 so we are n't rich ) and we are greatful that games can still run on them . 
  while it is nice to have easy access , if you ca n't remember exactly how to spell the program or want to just browse your programs , then it sucks . 
  as someone with an ibm model m , with no windows key , fuck that noise . 
  ok that makes more sense . 
  i though that you needed a license to run any kind of business and i was confused as the soviet union dissolved over 25 years ago . 
  what strikes me is that almost all those cars look under 8 years old . 
  you would never see a parking lot with uniformly newish cars today . 
  speak for yourself . 
  good point . 
  i just buy 30 buck used mowers from people who sell em when the blades get dull and i run them into the ground for the next 3 years and repeat . 
  mine is not at all . 
  this counts as a nest ... fuck my room looks like this , except the barbie heads . 
  it is on a bookshelf ( not on the individual shelves , but on top of the whole thing ) and it has been that way since i opened it in 2013 . 
  not at the moment , but imagine a similar work bench , filthy ragged carpeting ( workshop carpeting ) , and piles of computer equipment ranging from 1980 to 2016 . 
  actually here is a photo of one work bench in there and my newest acquisition . 
  i pick things from the local e-waste dump . 
  i got 3 working ibm model m keyboards from there ( a 1988 , a 1993 , and a 1996 , the 93 is what im using to type this ) , and a few additional ibm pc 's . 
  all free . 
  i also dumpster dive all the time , however that might need to be curbed as i will most likely go off to a real college fall 2017 .
