  my car is the opposite . 
  my lights look like a flashlight , i have to have my brights ( which look like modern cars ' normal lights ) to see anything . 
  so far my community college experiance has been mostly negative . 
  most of the students suck and 80 % of my classes are full of neckbeards and other lardtastic people . 
  you can feel the anime from the parking lot . 
  i am going for it too , its not my it classes that are the problem . 
  i expected them there and they are generally nice and intelegent people . 
  the rest of the college is also neckbeards but not as tolerable . 
  morning , i realize now that that was a mistake . 
  i 'm ok with gay people , i just need to be mentally prepared . 
  it really puts me off and i feel uncomfortable if i 'm surprised by the fact they are gay . 
  plus the two micro sd card in raid 1 to memory stick adapter for 25 cents a pop really helps . 
  a 8gb and 2 gb microsd card gave me a 10 gb memory stick for emulators . 
  i use a monitor from 1993 for old games and it is the only place ive seen a refresh rate mismatch . 
  thats why i drive a 92 240 sedan . 
  i have a 92 240 , the simpler 240 and 740 models break less , or so ive heard . 
  hm ... well my radio antenna is also broken ( is n't the car 's fault , friend broke it by over tightening it with pliers ) and my fuel gauge is broken but i just keep track via miles . 
  the odometer broke too , but it was a 20 dollar fix . 
  for a $ 1500 car it is pretty reliable however . 
  heat and ac work fantastic , aftermarket radio with usb and aux cable . 
  i love it to death , but if i had all of the things go wrong that ive had go wrong over the last 9 months ( the time ive had it ) then i could totally see getting rid of it . 
  how many miles were on it ? 
  they are suppose to be able to go forever with proper maintenance but i 'm not sure if yours was properly maintained before you acquired it . 
  they are common beater cars . 
  slow but safe and cheap . 
  good for teenagers ( who do n't know how to maintain cars yet ), 
  my brother has one . 
  crossing my fingers that i dont have to find him a better one . 
  it handles all of his other games fine . 
  my little brother has a qx6700 quad core @ 2.66 ghz and 4gb of ram . 
  i will have to upgrade the ram , but im hoping the cpu will be good enough , even if i have to overclock it . 
  noticed that too , saw it from the thumbnail and got excited . 
  ( i own a 92 240 sedan and get excited when i see another 240 ), 
  when opened on mobile it links to a sketchy site . 
  same . 
  92 240 sedan , i was transporting 4 crt monitor and 6 computer towers yesterday and it did n't want to move more then 30mph ( , or stop for that matter ), 
  well i might be exaggerating a bit , it could go over 30 , it just was super slow to get there . 
  back to normal after i unloaded . 
  still love that thing . 
  we do n't want him !, 
  i am really jealous . 
  i do n't think you can buy a massage with food stamps ... 
  play 3 first because there are a lot of things that new vegas fixed that you wont even notice as a problem in 3 . 
  if you play new vegas first then go to 3 the lack of gameplay tweaks would be unsettling . 
  yea in my area in nj in the town next to trenton we werent effected by it at all . 
  ( well the power went out , but that was from a driver crashing into a pole , 15 min before the storm started and power was n't back for a week !, 
  my neighbors had power though . 
  the worse damage was a broken car window across the street . 
  oh i love my old 480 . 
  90c with most games but it was awesome at $ 90 two years ago . 
  i do similar things all the time ... 
  i had my brother use a core2duo 8400 and a gtx 460 on a generic branded 450 watt psu with molex to pcie 6 pin connectors for months . 
  ca n't you just bypass the breaker panel ? 
  in a very unsafe way of course . 
  i know . 
  but if they are `` forgetting '' to wire it up then i do n't think they care about someone else 's fire hazard, 
  dude ... the amount of awesome hardware i get for free is insane . 
  i got a hd 5830 , an hd 5870 , a qx6700 + mobo , a 500 watt psu , a bunch of cool cases , a phentom x4 , a phentom ii 810 , an ibm pc xt , 4 ibm model m keyboards ( only 2 worked ) and countless dell core 2 duo or athlon x2 workstations with 80 gb sata hard drives and 2 gb of ram each , i take home a pile every week . 
  they do n't let me , i just do it when they are distracted . 
  i also take equal mass of broken things so i usually go there with non nefarious intent . 
  the phentom ( original not phentom ii ) is avaliable , just not very good . 
  the phentom ii is going to hopefully be in a fallout 4 rig for my dad . 
  `` normal countries '' oh places that do n't matter . 
  ( unless you are canadian , you are our bros ), 
  and they are all the time . 
  we are nowhere close to running out of fossil fuels . 
  that could be said for most people, 
  1.79 here in nj, 
  that is like california levels . 
  damn, 
  fyi , egypt still exists now , so the present is always an egyptian time . 
  so was the past and the future . 
  my fx3600 is quite cool :(, 
  yep . 
  $ 1.5 a month and i get all the entertainment i need . 
  you can buy them that take 2 and mix the memory together . 
  then from that point you could hack it and make it a kickass emulation station while holding all the roms ever and whole isos of games . 
  no we have those . 
  they are called volkswagons . 
  or volvos . 
  ( source : i drive a volvo ), 
  1984 is a fucking powerful listen . 
  i heard it on a plane ride and man ... i was fucking in a trance . 
  a sad powerful trance i never wanted to stop . 
  always make sure you can see the mirrors of the big rig in front . 
  they ca n't see you if you ca n't see the mirrors . 
  also it seems to be a safe distance back if you can see the mirrors . 
  there is a lot more forward then down . 
  im pretty sure this is a rendition of death from the discworld series . 
  he loves cats and has burning blue eyes and an overall not too scary composure . 
  for your old pc the bethesda defaults for draw distance are always awful and need to be changed in the launcher settings menu . 
  ive had a pretty nice computer and it set the draw distance and textures to low when it could handle high . 
  ( then when set to high in the menu it ran fine and beautiful ) . 
  one of my favorite mods is the tobacco usage mods . 
  how fun would a kill everything with a fat cigar in evil jon 's mouth . 
  its still on console . . its just rendered on his new pc . 
  he is able to use a higher bitrate and upload his 720p video in 1080p for a nicer effect . 
  methane breaks up into co2 over time . 
  the fact he was using a cd was the barbaric part . 
  ca n't we make fun of a nvidia card that is not 4 generations old ?
