  i have never been there . 
  time to explore . 
  i love how it 's a black guy, 
  i just went there . 
  man it 's hard to work out and reddit with a boner . 
  ya but everyone that 's not a white male hates us for no reason . 
  so sexy, 
  even in amarican here and yes most of the people i know are like this , including my family . 
  my mom talks about my birth in restaurants . 
  just start torrenting . 
  fucckings gramer natizee !!, 
  am i the only one that noticed he is n't a bachelor, 
  me too, 
  da fuck wrong subreddit, 
  i had to print this out, 
  i want to hit that lady with a truck, 
  very inspirational, 
  someone stick a `` brazzers lable on here '', 
  that 's what i thought when i saw that movie in theaters, 
  it 's walmart . 
  only the finest for their customers, 
  at first i thought '' wow that was fast ! '', 
  it 's what assholes say to justify all the fucked up shit they do to themselves and others , usually accompanied by yolo . 
  less of a `` fix '' and more like you broke it, 
  wtf this is a bestof not funny . 
  you upvote guzzling karma whore, 
  as did i, 
  it 's , it 's , beautiful . 
  tried to melt one in the microwave . 
  gave me a third degree burn . 
  true story . 
  and a shit load of pudding . 
  well that explains it, 
  well i was 8 or so and i tried to melt one with chocolate and it turns out suger melts at a much higher temp then chocolate . 
  i was born in 1997 and i do n't consider myself a real 90 's kid, 
  its called a birthday, 
  good job . 
  your english is pretty good for it not being your native language . 
  what is it , french ? 
  i hate that lady . 
  brian regan, 
  most people apparently do n't know this but ... that 's where the poop comes out !, 
  i like my penis very much and do n't want it mixing with that lot of shit there . 
  for karma, 
  not always true sometimes they are doing something and not focusing on texting, 
  i gave many a shat, 
  yes but i do n't want to put it up the poop shoot, 
  well if you have n't seen it at all out of 9000 it 's good i 'm showing you now is n't it . 
  that 's pretty jacked up, 
  duduq did i stumble onto 4chan, 
  where is she approximately, 
  you need more practice . 
  my god yes and we had to learn and preform the dance in school . 
  and it was taped and played over and over . 
  why spoil it in the title, 
  delete it and try it again, 
  it sounded so horrable that i had to stop reading it, 
  stop ruining a good story with your `` facts '' !, 
  i do see your point . 
  i like it too, 
  dude google it, 
  sounds nice i 'm from hamilton just outside trenton nj, 
  new jersey is a nice place if you do n't go to many of the main cities, 
  and he died of a mysterious lighting strike, 
  where is this magical place, 
  and that 's a bad thing, 
  someone put this on nocontext, 
  if i said that about black people i would have gotten shot and been on 4\u00a01/2 news channels, 
  the best i could get, 
  i actully broke up with her because she was crazy, 
  just finished and now for a second round, 
  well kinda ya . 
  the whole family is crazy . 
  she tried to run away from her crazy family and failed by not having any planning . 
  she went to a few ( mental ) institutions before i met her and afterward ( unbeknownst to me ) . 
  she also talked about killing people quite a bit . 
  she was also fat , but so was i , so ... 
  yes , then i wake up and fall back asleep to finnish it, 
  machine exhaust . 
  it looks so damn cool !, 
  the way it chuggs out of those monsters of machinery . 
  sound like something i would do . 
  i love how it 's not racist to be racist against a white male, 
  bit confused . 
  straight guy here , i 'm wondering how you are distracted by your own body . 
  i mean i 'm not distracted by my dick . 
  sometimes it just replays the last bit a time or two, 
  stop ruining my comment with your `` facts '' !!!, 
  yet nobody else understands, 
  yes then he would have been a person with mental handicaps . 
  or trailer trash . 
  most likely both . 
  love the username, 
  i only have respect for the ones who do n't talk in a ghetto manner . 
  if that is wrong i do n't want to be right . 
  asians !!, 
  why did that turn me on ? 
  i fucking hated that book . 
  i could really relate to piggy and wanted to see him succeed at something . 
  he got treated like shit then was killed by the assholes who seemed to represent the jocks .
