  it surprisingly worked 100 % and never had a problem . 
  i did just replace it with real cord though . 
  i 'm still new at this and did n't get into networking yet . 
  while i know what packet loss is and how the ghetto cable i made could cause it how does one test it ? 
  i was able to download huge steam games and watch netflix and it worked perfectly and i couldnt tell it wasnt a real cable . 
  i did n't have the tools on hand and i did n't go back to solder it because it was working fine . 
  something around here, 
  exactly . 
  it was working perfectly fine through thunderstorms and stuff . 
  it was lead right out the window and in another on the ground floor to the router . 
  how is this gore though ? 
  they just took out some metal . . 
  i take pride in that fact, 
  true true, 
  i say both , but if to works it works . 
  indeed but it teaches you to be careful . 
  yep its the last of them in the house . 
  there was probably some but it did n't effect me at all . 
  if there was i did n't notice . 
  i do n't really think so on one hand i fabricated a cable and very macgyver matter ( without a fan i may add ) and on the other hand incest . 
  i choose the first one . 
  yep it wasnt too long . 
  you would be correct sir, 
  exactly like mine !, 
  why fix it ? 
  it works . 
  also mine is in a 10 year old case from a high school computer that was of no major brand and fell off a bike . . 
  ehh ... 
  it works, 
  i bought a special hoodie from.there . 
  it took forever to get here to new jersey us . 
  i was never charged for it though ... weird . . 
  fucking black people ruining shit . 
  three brothers is awesome pizza !, 
  source : i 've been to that exact restaurant . 
  its fully cooked . 
  just light colored . 
  spot on !, 
  perfect workstation headphones though, 
  i played a small 3 person halo ce lan party today !, 
  there is hope yet !, 
  carry on . 
  legal ? 
  yes . 
  safe ? 
  nope . 
  sorry walkers , i 'm going to risk making you go 3 feet to the side so i can travel without threat of death . 
  why ? 
  he broke into his house !? 
  ge understood the risks and went for it, 
  but its my property and i feel that if they decided to go into harms way to try to steal it then their life is worth less . 
  xp was good . 
  imagine looking at vista !, 
  a cup is a standers unit of 236.588 milliliters . 
  yes !, 
  another first participant . 
  which team are you ? 
  i 'm 2495 from central nj, 
  um . . last winter was really cold . 
  like -5 - 10 at night , 28 - 35 in the daytime . 
  its not always like that but expect it for a bit . 
  usually the 20 's and 30 's going into winter and coming out . 
  fall is mostly 45 - 70 . 
  sometimes dropping down to the 30s at night . 
  yes you can need a jacket in the morning and be sweating by noon . 
  as for rain . . 
  in winter it usually rain/snow around once a week , snow if it gets cold enough . 
  sometimes it can rain/snow for a day or 3 sometimes its 2 weeks of cold dry sunshine . 
  10 ... our school can bearly afford 1 ... 
  although me made a deal with a machining shop ( gaum inc ) so we get free metal working . 
  its like the only reason we are a float, 
  as we are just outside a ghetto area there are limited small businesses that want to donate money to us . 
  usually a dusting to 3 inches . 
  although we get like 3 big storms that are 6 or more . 
  not too bad compared to what we could have . 
  i agree with you on everything except the two iphones they released the 5s and the 5c at the same time . 
  and do n't you forget it !, 
  indeed good sir, 
  my 480 will keep my face nice and dry and outdated :(, 
  gtx 480 represent !, 
  it can still keep up with some of the big boys , even if does lab behind sometimes . 
  no need . 
  as a fellow 480 user , it does all i need and there is no reason to change it up . 
  thank you !, 
  i have the same systems . 
  i have like 30 ... 
  as someone without a windows button on my keyboard , this does nothing for me . 
  it worked too , not a bit of solder in there too , just twist and electrical tape, 
  dont know why you are being downvoted , i bring computers back to life with these parts , install a lighweight linux , and help people if they need a cheap internet box . 
  not many people there doing as many things . 
  download from soundcloud and set as ringtone , i used some programs to strip the mp3 from the video but then i just used a pc to transfer it to my phone . 
  on android its quite easy to set a ringtone from an mp3 . 
  please do !, 
  i am very happy you like it !, 
  thank you !, 
  me and my little brother love your videos !, 
  thank you good sir !, 
  * stores them in my wallet *, 
  thank you good sir !, 
  * stores them in my wallet *,
