  it is affiliated with first robotics, 
  not really i do n't think so . 
  there are a bunch of pins and stuff stuck in the desk along with all kind of scratched . 
  i 've spent the last few days watching all the episodes . 
  ya me too , this is a genuine question . 
  i understood that refrence, 
  do n't worry i gave a shit . 
  i used standard shipping do it will arrive next week . 
  it 's steamy . 
  commitment, 
  i was, 
  happens even with the smallest of yawns, 
  my god that happened to me to . 
  i happened to make a fort out of this awesome plant that turned out to be poison oak . 
  i came home and fapped . 
  i was a teenager . 
  and it hurt , but was strangely satisfying when i fapped . 
  it was like scratching it and fapping at once . 
  you misspelled `` political '' in the title . 
  what state is she in ? 
  i did once , it is quite a repelling substance . 
  yes, 
  it gives a ** blast ** of energy to my day . 
  yep . 
  two days later in the shower they will bleed a bit too . 
  never thought of it like that . 
  thanks, 
  a good application of elbow grease would have done the trick . 
  think he did , didnt turn out good , i 'll, 
  ask for it anyway . 
  my school did that . 
  they mean like a nylon sports bag or so . 
  no greenland and iceland naming situation was the oldest parable in history, 
  depends on which one . 
  the one in west windsor is complete shit . 
  hey do n't disrespect women . 
  bitches hate that !, 
  just comment , show how much you love this pic . 
  punch ?!?!? 
  just use a shotgun mounted on a truck , driven by a dinosaur . 
  pussy the bleeding is normal . 
  phones, 
  thanks for commenting . 
  it 's a whole 12 days since i posted this . 
  it 's good to know i am not the only one to comment on old posts . 
  well it is . 
  it started with the pizza but after the 5th grease fire i stopped . 
  google phone from gmail and ask him on facebook, 
  its huge and in the camden harbor , i only with they could use it to cut the crime in the city . 
  in nj they are everywhere ( off the highways ) and it confuses the fuck out of out of state drivers . 
  they do work well . 
  i bruised my patella trying to dance alone in the laundry room . 
  yep as you guessed , i 'm white . 
  ok it was my uncle who lost the password and forgot the answer to the safety question and she is pretty pissed at him . 
  thanks for the suggestions , ill pass them off to my aunt . 
  you misspelled * masterbating * . 
  top raman, 
  i know, 
  do n't even compare the two . 
  that candy ruined my life , the meth was the only thing keeping my relationship with my mother alive . 
  where di it go to the bathroom ? 
  i 've thought like this and i 'm only 15 , do i get a prize ? 
  well no but i think like `` that girl over there has an awesome nose to ear ratio . '', 
  the first time i read this , i read i * shat * on the counter . 
  i 'm only 15 and i feel i have contributed a bit and i am not totally fucking up the system . 
  i have nothing good to reply to you with so ... 
  taco, 
  i do see your point , i am sorry . 
  well i have 2000 + link karma and he has one so who do you think is contributing now, 
  i take offense to that, 
  yep they always refer to both charcoal and propane , i understand charcoal but i do n't see the difference between the gas ones and a stove, 
  that is epic . 
  ok , thanks . 
  the only people i have seen with touretts have been shouting obscenities . 
  i did n't know all touretts was n't like this . 
  i just read your post and i hope i made you happy, 
  my uncle 's townhouse complex as this system , it works well, 
  i love fucking awesome things like hookers and macaroni . 
  but that 's the whole point now , is n't it . 
  i remember that i still need a virus flashdrive, 
  my dog is scared of the kitchen floor , we have to cover it in mats . 
  it was on the front page , you did n't see it . 
  sorry i see my mistake . 
  i apologize and i have failed you, 
  anything but that hellish corner of the web , please i beg of you . 
  well i you would dress up like a slut then people might fuck you . 
  na just kidding , not complaining or anything but it makes it really hard to innocently look around in october . 
  i understood that refrence !!!, 
  and i 'm 15 too, 
  well thanks for seeing through my plan, 
  my mom does this, 
  saw what it said and was disappointed, 
  i understood that refrence !, 
  because that would be racist . 
  up vote for jak refrence . 
  you blew my mind about the cow thing, 
  yes on the nose and cheeks, 
  nope i know people that were douches until the min they died and i was glad they did, 
  yep on the road ( when i 'm not driving ), 
  ya i check my bo status several times a day,
