  the fact that you both think this means that is is most likely a good place in the middle . 
  ... you have n't heard of hard icecream ... its the kind that comes in big buckets . 
  the stuff that squirts out of the machine is called soft icecream or softserve . 
  plasma and oled have terrible burn in issues . 
  thankfully standard cheap lcds dont . 
  eh depends on where you are . 
  if you are in an area that is right outside of a bad area the cops are pretty chill because they are too busy keeping the crime out , yet chill enough because they do n't deal with the worst of the worse . 
  that is exaclty the issue . 
  the tubing for mine fell off !, 
  no need for me to worry about that . 
  most of alaska isnt that cold this time of year . 
  still humid as hell . 
  you just install windows 10 . 
  then activate it with either a activator , or a windows 7 key . 
  easy as shit . 
  resident evil 0 - 4 . 
  all are fantastic . 
  5 is not very good . 
  also jak and daxter 1-3, 
  4 is completely unlike the others . 
  4 is a shooter . 
  0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , and cv are slow , tense semi-scary puzzle games . 
  fantastic for late at night . 
  the remake for 1 ( remade in 2001 and had a hd touch up in 2015 ) is top notch and on pc along with zero . 
  i just got an ford fe . 
  im happy with my decision . 
  ... this the same 4.3 im thinking of . . 
  i mean . . im gen z. 
  born in 1997 . 
  i think those people who are like that are freaks . 
  a 1974 ford f-350 . 
  it belonged to a fire company and it was a support truck . 
  it is painted for the fire company and it has the lights on the top !, 
  you can use office without an account , but its a pain . 
  i mean look how easy the one from jurassic psrk flipped . 
  you are buying the wrong harbor freight stuff then . 
  6 to 8 years old is nothing . 
  i recently did a water pump on a 1987 ford ranger . 
  it look me all afternoon because im a novice . 
  i cant imagine a more complex engine . 
  replacement and cursing . 
  not as much as you would think . 
  most of them had everything important broken 20 years ago and are good for a while now . 
  old rear wheel drive american pickup trucks . 
  lots of room . 
  usually inefficient engines that keep running no matter what . 
  hell , born in 97 , id kill for a nice 1970 's or 80 's wagon . 
  ... a nearby walmart has like 6 of them no idea they were hard to find . 
  we have a family fitness day . 
  a picnic plus fitness challenges . 
  it was in early june . 
  that stop sign on on ramp thing is a pennsylvania thing . 
  dont think we accept it . 
  yea bit you cant really limp home woth efi . 
  i worked at a pc repair shop . 
  they do . 
  there is a very small number of them , but i saw those few very often . 
  what is your mechanical knowledge and how much time are you willing to put into learning ? 
  mine wont either . 
  i. . im ok with that . 
  good brands mean way more then price . 
  yea , but the cups cost more then they seem . 
  hm ... ive been riding around in a carburated for a while and ive only had to limp home once . 
  and that 's because it was 25 years since the last rebuild, 
  and that is super easy is it ? 
  you must be from pennsylvania . 
  yea , but most people do n't have access to the equipment for that kind of work . 
  1980s chevy truck . 
  base model . 
  can be found for under 500 . 
  usually can be convinced to run alright for almost no money . 
  ( as an example , a new alternator is 40 dollars for a good branded one and takes 30 minutes to put in ), 
  exactly , so a carburetor would be fine as well as you havent had an issue . 
  this looks like my local car wash . . is it a self service place in central nj ? 
  you will not find any car with good safety and good visibility . 
  they do n't make them . 
  aaannnd . . 
  i am getting old . . 
  it was the heart of almost every buisness and school pc for almost a decade of service . 
  ive seen so many places that rocked a 2.4 ghz pentium 4 from 2003 to 2013 . 
  that is absolutely nuts . 
  i could never live there . 
  i have 3 cars , a 2.3 l i4 , a 2.9 l v6 , and a 5.9 l v8 . 
  um ... try 1950 ... or 65 for pickup trucks . . 
  because hotels cost a lot and you cant bring all your junk . 
  its not that weird for a retiree to sell their house , buy an rv , and travel the country for a year or two . 
  well , if they attempted to use one , it would most likely be blown out of the sky , then the whole country incinerated within 4 hours . 
  not worried . 
  im on the east coast , us . 
  not worried . 
  even if one does land , then they would be gone within hours . 
  i would n't even be surprised if china joins in and attacks them too, 
  its tragic , but we will never have to worry about it again . 
  we can always hope . 
  my blower motor is either on the way out , or got crap stuck in it . 
  how bad is the job honestly ? 
  that sounds perfect for me . 
  i love old american cars to move over there though :( . 
  get something well made for a furst car and an antique will be fine . 
  expect to do maintenance though .
