  we tried , he was scared of the buzzing . 
  he isnt the bravest ... 
  part of the reason is he loves bossing us around , making us turn on the faucet as well . 
  takes longer , but doable . 
  its mainly to get people who are passing through or value their time more then the toll . 
  i 'll get more when it 's not parked and after the snow tomarrow . 
  getting them next . 
  next to gamestop . 
  the guy had a farm and was selling it . 
  hamilton nj . 
  i did on saturday !, 
  ford fe 360 , 5.9 l, 
  fix it up a little and use it for fun stuff on weekends . 
  a fun and interesting `` turning 20 '' gift for me, 
  nope , just a regular f350 with the tool box bed . 
  i love it so far . 
  cost me 3000 dollars , but i 'm living at home , going to community college , and i make about 1200 a month from my part time job . 
  its parked away from the salt for this big storm , dont worry . 
  thanks !, 
  i try , 
  mine is a 92 , and im looking at my key right now !, 
  made me think of that . 
  here in jersey it was from 30 to 34 degrees during the storm . 
  the snow was only 5 inches deep , but it was like 50 lbs a shovel . 
  a gtx 480 was my first video card ever , so i thought that 90c temps during game play were normal . 
  look at all of you with your `` computers '' in your cars . 
  that 's not all americans . 
  it is more of a farmer thing . 
  depends where you are for that good cars under 1000 do n't exist . 
  in the middle of nowhere , where the cost of living is lower , they usually ask for less when selling a car . 
  for example , my friend got a 1984 chevy suburban , needed less then 200 dollars in repairs ( that were easy due to its age and size ) for 1000 dollars due to him going out into the middle of nowhere pa to get it . 
  where we live in central jersey , that same car would sell for 3000 easy . 
  i 'd recommend looking at craigslist in lower cost of living areas . 
  everyone needs a car , it 's essential . 
  do n't listen to him . 
  are you mechanically inclined at all ? 
  modern for me means 1995 and later , we are gon na need a better age range . 
  walk around princeton , then drive to the shore for the late afternoon and evening . 
  what , 95 degrees with 100 % humidity is n't fun ? 
  haha, 
  eh , i had a job in a tech repair place where i was often the only one there . 
  fixing phones and computers , all while being customer relations in person and over the phone . 
  i got less then 15 an hour , and i do n't feel that people who know less and do less should get 15 . 
  also feel free to come and make a video on it !, 
  i already sent the email to that gmail address and im not all that far in west central jersey !, 
  near hamilton marketplace ? 
  it is super slow . 
  but powerful . 
  certainly is . 
  i have actually never ever had a good experience with fedex . 
  usps and ups are da bomb . 
  ... you got infected , removed it , then the next game you played is what broke your pc ? 
  it was the infection . 
  it 's like blaming the bandages for being paralyzed after getting shot through the spine . 
  the malware may have broken something else , something that was n't fixed after it was removed , as just removing it does n't also fix the damage it may have caused . 
  ... . ok , that is actually me . 
  the abba part at least . 
  i mean , its a lower class thing , but that does n't mean they are that trashy . 
  just means they have car related hobbies . 
  racing stuff is n't all that cheap either . 
  they are lower middle class at least . 
  what year 240 is that ? 
  i have a 92 model sedan myself . 
  i really want an older model wagon , hopefully with a 5 speed . 
  luckily my overdrive never broke . 
  i do n't think it was an issue with the later models . 
  nothing weird about a 70s c10 . 
  just got out of a 1979 10 minutes ago . 
  well , 150,000 miles is a lot of miles . 
  modern cars can take it for the most part ( 2000 and later ) but instead of what older cars did and break at 100,000 miles , newer cars do that at 10ish years and 150,000-170 ,000 miles . 
  i 'd be weary . 
  plus look at this, 
  now personally i 'd recommend something else . 
  when i got my first car , a 1992 volvo 240 , i looked up possible issues with it . 
  i got it because the drive train was apparently incredably solid and can last to 250,000 even when beat on . 
  now it 's not perfect , not by a long shot . 
  and there are issues with a 25 year old car , but none related to drive train . 
  the worse thing that happened was the alternator going out . 
  i was able to do that myself , and if i did it preemptively ( as it gave me a day of warning ) then it would n't have been a big deal . 
  i did it myself for 120 dollars in parts . 
  moral of the story is a used car was once a mainstream car and there is a lot of reliability information and known issues known about . 
  in my experience mid 2000s chevys are not the best , and i 'd look for something else , do n't be scared by age , as that does n't mean the same thing it used to . 
  build quality in general has gone up since 1990 . 
  just look for condition , and a track record of reliability + consideration of miles . 
  i am certain you can find a ( slightly flawed ) daily driver for 1500 dollars ( depending on your area maybe a bit more or less ), 
  i am a car person and a pc person ... 
  i have 3 of each ... help me ... 
  not if you love tinkering with sub 800 dollar cars !, 
  mph , not kph . 
  that is equivalent to 225 kph . 
  i did . 
  i gave one to my dad for his birthday . 
  he is now playing fallout 4 better then 20 fps on low, 
  i 've been looking forward to it all damn week !, 
  i do n't know ... still checks all of my boxes . 
  on # 7 , there was a central vault made to collect the data , it was a integral part of the plot of one of the flopped ps2 fallout games . 
  i think it just lost contact with all of them . 
  not all that rare here in the us . 
  see if you can get one imported . 
  when did programming get into abs ?
