  ... what little bubble do you live in and how can i get a spot there . . isis , pirates , and other groups would run rampant and the only place that would be remotely safe would be the insides of countries . 
  there would be a power vacuum and if there was n't a world police then little , violent groups would jump to fill it . 
  and before you say the us is a violent group who is doing the same thing , you are correct , however our goal is to help promote the us and they do that via making everywhere safer . 
  i am a bit of a homophobe . 
  i just get really uncomfortable around gay people , and really weirded out by lesbians . 
  however , that is my problem . 
  i was raised in an environment that was understanding of them and everything ( my uncle is gay and we accept him and his bf ) but being around ones that are not family kinda freak me out . 
  it 's not hate , or they did something wrong but i feel weirded out and i wish i could just not care about it . 
  so far my solution is to just respectfully avoid them . 
  and the people who buy a brand new f150 are not the same people who roll coal . 
  nah , just use it as a reason to bring manufacturing jobs back . 
  here in nj , every station does that . 
  did n't know it was n't standard . . 
  in nj , they have both prices , cash and credit , on the sign . 
  it is n't very hidden . 
  however every single gas station has separate prices for cash and credit . 
  like 17 inch lower resolution old office screens are basically free . 
  5 bucks is usable . 
  that is actually a nice-ist gift . 
  i got the previous year 's model with the core 2 duo ( slightly higher clock though so it evens out a bit ) out of an e-waste bin . 
  best laptop i 've used in a long time . 
  added an ssd and it handles windows 7 fine ( no windows 10 touchpad drivers sadly however ), 
  he is getting a great price of 3500 if that 's what the dealer offered . 
  `` here is 3500 dollars to get you to be a customer here so we can make more then that over the life of your next loan '' money . 
  i have an uncle with a ln 2003 pt cruser that is always giving him trouble , ( currently overheating unless he blasts the heat ) . 
  he somehow thinks in like 3 years he will be able to get vintage tags and insurance for it ... 
  he refuses to listen to us when we said it is 25 years , not 15 , and that he drives too many miles for it to count . 
  a pt cruser will never be a classic . 
  those specs are not bad . 
  was rocking something similar until recently . 
  holy shit . 
  this is why i do n't trust the fob + push button over an old fashion key . 
  that 's an lg escape 2 . 
  one of the shittest lg phones they make . 
  could n't even make it through the whole thing . 
  my ex had legitimate triggers , and it sucked trying to explain it to anyone without sounding like a whiny bf enabling a tumbrina . 
  amazing condition , probably only worth 3k or 3.5 k max . 
  i know about the key , ( my dad has one ) it just seems like a lot more points of failure . 
  they sell extended batteries with more then double the capacity . . 
  thats why i drive a 1992 volvo, 
  welp . 
  my commute into princeton wont be fun . 
  a station on 206 in princton lowered their price to 2:30 back when it originally went that low and stopped lowering it . 
  sounds like a weird concept to be honest . 
  however everyone else seems to be confused by roundabouts and jug handles ... 
  i store a lot of ram like that ... is that bad ? 
  i havent had many issues with it . 
  what are you doing with them ? 
  sorry , i meant the raspberry pi . 
  i do n't know why i used the word `` them '' . 
  most likely lead to confusion . 
  thats not very nice . 
  it should be handling it better . 
  ... complaining about fire places ... 
  i drive a 92 240 , its super simple in someways ( you can basically sleep in the free space you have to work in under the hood ) but by 92 some of volvo 's current complexity shines through . 
  * triggered *, 
  it is worth more due to the old firmware ... not that much however . 
  vintage tvs and tubes are worth a lot of money , but not after sitting outside for a long ass time . 
  right on the root directory , have you no class ? 
  nah , i hide it deep down there . 
  \\ jak2rich \\ laptop \\ stuff \\ netgear driver \\ ma401v27_xp \\ ma401v26_xp \\ new folder, 
  that is my legitimate file tree for my `` kinky_files '' , just changed my name to my username . 
  oil is also used to make the base components of pretty much every aspect of modern life , we just happen to also use it for fuel too . 
  they could n't possibly be using heat resistant rubber for picking up hot things !, 
  thats unmpossible !, 
  even so , some rubber is very heat resistant . 
  you say stain on the planet , but if you think about it , all of those people were in one spot , not damaging anywhere else . 
  well , at least i will still have my beloved . avi 's . 
  gtav . 
  wellfare benefits ? 
  ... but there are like 15 years worth of awesome custom iso 's for xp with all kinds of configurations . 
  worth maybe 150 bucks . 
  plus it 's pretty short . 
  i mean . . only 300 years or so . 
  but even now after it has been discontinued ? 
  as i understand it , they buy and sell shares ( or `` chunks '' ) of companies . 
  not very . 
  the black people from trenton might try to bother you for shit and giggles . 
  i live about 1 mile from trenton nj . 
  in good weather sometimes big groups of hooligans leak out at night or late afternoon , and if they saw a drunk guy walking home , they might tease him a bit , or worse . 
  poop ... 
  i meant female connectors . 
  i am an idiot . 
  ok well , it was just to see if it would work . 
  i tried to put heat shrink on it , but none of the lengths i had were big enough to slip over it , and i would have done hot glue , but i 'm not sure if i want to resign that power supply to those speakers forever . 
  plus its hard to take a picture for reddit with duct tape or electrical tape . 
  all the materials were free , that means any way to get it to work is fair game . 
  they are . 
  i was confused , because the male ones have a small rod ( the + ) enter them from the female , but the female have the outer part of the connector ( the - ) enter them . 
  i 'm just gon na call them trans-connectors and get it over with . 
  i put a folder over solid wire in the middle of the plugs to connect the + side . 
  it also is n't permanent . 
  although i am the type of person to use this permanently if i needed to . 
  based on my yard in the summer , this gif shows the transition in real time . 
  hopefully forward . 
  jak and daxter : the lost frontier . 
  it took my childhood and broke it into several chunks by making it a terrible jak and daxter game . 
  i know it was for the psp , but daxter the game was also for the psp and was awesome and felt like a real jak and daxter game . 
  currently college freshman in nj . 
  i go to community college and work at a phone/computer repair store part time at 12 dollars an hour .
