  my close friend was involved in it during highschool . 
  it dropped off a bit when he got a mechanic job ( last year ), 
  where in nj ? 
  because a lot of places across the river from pa are shitty . 
  just did one . 
  you need the right screwdrivers , and the fan itself should be like 5 bucks on ebay, 
  currently own one , can confirm . 
  old tape decks are like 10 bucks at thrift stores and flea markets ... 
  whenever i carve my name into something i always put 1987, 
  not on oleds . 
  you should see the old galaxy s5 in my local walmart . 
  what kind of calibration do you do for iphones ? 
  eh , with todays power efficient parts you only need subpar ventilation . 
  ... i ran a gtx 460 and a core 2 duo e7400 on a generic 400w psu for over a year . 
  no ground on the outlet either . 
  as long as you stand there expecting it to catch fire , it never will , and fate will allow you to pull shit like that . 
  all these comments are making used cars seem expensive . 
  i got a volvo 240 for 1500 with only 190k miles . 
  i own a volvo 240 ... and i just realized in the past year i have become more and more a hipster . 
  nope . 
  not really . 
  oleds are used up over time and if they wear out unevenly then they can not be fixed . 
  ( unless you wear out the rest of the screen with inverted colors , but at that point it 's not fixing , but breaking the rest so it 's a consistent broken ) . 
  rust does n't matter much and fishes like houses . 
  it 's suppose to move around the screen to avoid that , that said it is definitely not something i 'll purchase . 
  i work for a cell phone repair store . 
  i get this all the time . 
  also people wonder why a screen replacement for a galaxy s7 edge costs $ 450 bucks when they `` only paid $ 250 from verizon '' . 
  they are very surprised when we inform them they just `` took a small tumble with their mobile '' and broke a $ 800 device . 
  an operation inside the us to kill a us citizen ? 
  i mean it 's neat istanbul is such an old city and it is really a shame it had to end in 2016 . 
  speed limits are challenges . 
  the faster car had right of way here , so you just try to be the faster car . 
  well , we would talk it out first . 
  but america does n't take kindly to being attacked and we have a bit of a history of going a bit over the top . 
  ... wot . 
  i 'm from nj and my friends , my family , and i often carry small utility knives around every day . 
  please do n't stand for all of us and make us seem like weirdos . 
  hamilton , central nj , as suburban as you can get . 
  it 's a useful tool to have on hand and i do n't get your resentment of a common tool . 
  well , it is literally in the exact middle length wise ... so id say it is central . 
  however , i know that you northern jersey folks and southern jersey folks deny the existence of central jersey so i forgive you . 
  and i thought our christie was bad ... 
  i have to go through it about twice a week ... 
  i agree . 
  however , halo farms in worth it . 
  i know . 
  sad is n't it . 
  it 's in the capital wasteland , duh . 
  not with a telescope , that 's for sure . 
  here in nj vehicles with no title are not worth anything . 
  basically parts cars as getting a title after you lose one is basically impossible . 
  in nj it is literally a 9 month process and it is not very cheap to get a title . 
  it is literally not worth it for any car that is n't a collectors car . 
  is it broken beyond use ? 
  shit ... my ranger is 87 and it has a super duper secure `` hold down a button on the other side of the dash '' security feature that annoys the crap out of me . 
  i saw a trailer with a tire like this the other day . 
  was this in nj by any chance ? 
  yea , we get good at dodging it . 
  pretty sure the idea is that it keep potentially dangerous homeless people away . 
  giving someone who is down on their luck some food is never a bad idea . 
  but if a coked up , half-crazed , broken bottle wielding homeless man makes your restaurant part of his daily routine then it is dangerous for everyone involved . 
  because burying and legal fees are expensive . 
  yep , mine is a 5 speed . 
  i dont see how this is dangerous . 
  same in jersey too . 
  how is this worse then a regular bumper . . both would hurt like a motherfucker, 
  i drive a car from 1988 . 
  my bumper is steel with a rubber cover . 
  this seems fine . 
  and in the event of an incident , the shoddy craftsmen ship will fail , providing a crumple zone . 
  i know that it exists and is different then the bug . 
  yes , you might see this as being a deathtrap , but even cars not all that long ago ( newer then my 88 ) had bumpers that were not all that much worse . 
   english are just good in general at making things, 
  this person has not owned british manufactured items before . 
  because you have a mechanic on hand at all times ? 
  i can see that . 
  and a mechanic in the trunk . 
  you are saying that as if it would make it not usable today . 
  my dad plays fallout 4 with 8 gb of ddr2 , and a quadcore phenom ii and is doing fine . 
  that 's because hp is a shit company who makes shit products * . 
  * except their office laser printers \u2661, 
  it was too damn diverse . 
  it was about equal everyone , exempt for asians , of there was only a few , but enough so that it was n't weird to see one . 
  i kind of wish i grew up in a area of people just like me . 
  cars make good shields and weapons . 
  poor mercedes . 
  it is a way nicer car then the italian thing imo . 
  there are very very few cities where you would n't need a car . 
  thats how you get hit . 
  i dont think it effected the volvo at all . 
  you can practically see it laughing it off . 
  i buy a game and ummediately pirate it . 
  legal copy on my main machine , and pirated on the frankinstine `` how cheap and ghetto can i make this '' project pcs . 
  i have to reinstall the game so often and i do n't want to redownload it from steam or connect my steam account to a windows install that will only exist for a week . 
  gas can, 
  `` how much will it cost to fix ? '', 
  `` we ca n't it is totalled '', 
  `` but it is just the glass part '', 
  me too thanks .
