  im pretty handy mechanically , but slow as hell . 
  it took me like 4 hours to do a water pump on a 87 ford ranger . 
  id would take me a week then to do it myself . 
  mine is a 1992 , so most of that is ok . 
  however i do need to repair the factory cruise control which stopped working last year along with the horn . 
  i have the same ac . 
  it is a $ 100 unit from walmart that was too cheap to put a condensation drain in it . 
  the manual says that if it starts dripping in the room `` tilt it further out the window '' . 
  that said , it does blow cold . 
  exactly . 
  plus exhaust is optional . 
  wait ... please dont tell me that the filter is resting on top of the oil due to it being so soild . 
  i bought a pack of 5 pucks a year ago for 12 dollars . 
  i am like 40 % though the first one . 
  play it on a crt ( on a original ps1 or the ps3 with composite cables ) in the dark , no walk through until you are stuck for more then 15 minutes . 
  i work in a helpdesk . 
  we get those calls often , but do n't mind them as usually it is fast , simple , a good 0.20 of an hour ( including notes and follow up email ) and the user is usually pleasant once we explain the reasoning for it . 
  the highups in my it firm do n't even have admin permissions on their own accounts and need to log out and sign in as admin to keep themselves from messing something up inadvertently . 
  everyone does have local admin however . 
  * when you go the wrong direction and someone points it out * `` i know , just got ta turn around thats all '' and `` why are their 6 petals and only 4 directions '', 
  actually my 92 volvo 240 has a dual belt system . 
  i once had the one belt break on my 240 . 
  was able to get home on the remaining one and i was great full . 
  i mean they are not super common , but the combination of some poorer areas keeping machines a very long time . 
  ( that train was probably made in the 40s or 50s , ) and the fact that it is pulling coal , so it probably works for a coal mine and has unlimited free fuel means it is still economical to have a steam engine . 
  if they are mining it themselves , so the cost is even less then usual . 
  coal sells by the ton for not all that much . 
  if they converted to diesel , they would have to get a new branch of the supply chain set up , new mechanics , a new train , new procedures . 
  not cheap , if they have a machinist on premises ( which they probably do , labor is cheap over there ) they can keep that train running almost indefinably if they keep up with the service . 
  yea unless you got a really shitty car , or did absolutely no maintenance you did n't have to do that stuff in 65 either . 
  not as such . 
  cars were just a lot more disposable so people did n't take care of them . 
  however the carburetor will most likely need to be rebuilt , however that is a lot less expensive . 
  a lot of people . 
  just not usually a nice one . 
  yes , with love . 
  studies show that an oem motorcraft filter is $ 3.84 from walmart and at that price i can afford to change it often . 
  you are able to replace the whole computer , and fuel and air delivery systems completely with like 400 dollars in parts ( brand new ) . 
  great if the wiring is fucky and you dont wan na mess with finicky computers or exhaust systems in half rotted out wiring . 
  born and raised in nj . 
  we are not all dumb asses . 
  there are instructions printed on the goddamn pump !, 
  in places where physical goods are really expensive , but labor is cheap stuff like this can be done over and over , before a new engine is economical (, 
  oh god . 
  i think its hard to park ... 
  if i ever get a more modern car ill be screwed, 
  well my truck only gets about 230 miles to the tank . 
  not that weird . 
  no , its pretty bad for a truck . 
  its an f-350 from 1974 so great mileage wasnt in the cards . 
  my sedan gets 300 or so miles to the tank . 
  well that low geared 5.9 l gasoline powered 5 ton truck gets anywhere between 7 to 10 mpg depending on speed . 
  ( a constant 45 mph gets me 10mpg ) . 
  most trucks get from 10 to 25 depending on transmission , engine and load . 
  big trucks and big rigs get usually 5 to 8 mpg , but remember the huge amounts they haul . 
  when empty i hear they get close to 15 -18 . 
  i have an 87 ... what problems have you encountered ? 
  i mean . 
  in general , sedans with broken blinker lenses are not super classy ( this is coming from someone whos sedan is from 1992 and only has one working speaker , but no broken lenses ), 
  well i know there was a visual face lift in 88 , so it looks different from my 87 . 
  i wonder the extent of the other changes . 
  i fixed cell phones from late 2015 to early 2017 ( got sick of the 13.50 an hour ) and here is the story of the grossest phone i ever got . 
  the time is mid 2016 , in central nj ( near princeton ) . 
  it was a slow day in the repair shop and a bit before noon the handicap bus pulls up to the shopping center . 
  one of the passengers was a very obese older black woman , who was lifted out of the bus in her motorized wheel chair by the lift in the back of the bus . 
  she scooters in to our shop and brings her phone up to the counter , saying that it wo n't turn on . 
  she mentions her contacts and seems to want to get the phone working again as well . 
  she hands me her phone and i turn it over in my hand , it is a mid 2013 budget smartphone . 
  under 150 dollars in 2013 and worthless in 2016 . 
  we charge her for the standard diagnostic fee and i label the phone . 
  i set it aside and take care of some other customers . 
  once it quiets down , i take it to the back to start diagnosing . 
  i take off the back to expose the battery ... and a thick dark yellow layer of dried urine ... like , i did n't think that urine could dry in a sticky glue like sheen . 
  seconds after the back came off the smell hit me like a ton of bricks . 
  it is the first time i physically moved due to a customer 's device . 
  i am guessing it was a combination of diabetic , bedpan , poor hydration , and the time it sat in the vat and not being cleaned . 
  i immediately bagged the phone in plastic and wiped down every surface it was on and washed my hands in isopropyl alcohol , then soap and water . 
  we promptly called the user and said there was nothing we could do ( as besides for being gross , all the electronics were destroyed and there was no sd card ), 
  tl : dr. obese handicap lady handed me congealed pee phone . 
  i took an internship that is currently paying 15 an hour . 
  with awesome opportunities afterwards . 
  ones in princeton apparently . 
  from a cell phone repair store to an msp as an intern . 
  they are starting a program where they have college students as interns and have them do tech support for consumers while the real business is commercial . 
  sorry , but that did n't make a lick of sense . 
  we did n't have any because boss man did n't feel they were necessary . 
  yes exactly . 
  however this one hid its secrets until the back came off . 
  i am confused about what you are saying . 
  i am not advocating for a 15 dollar minimum wage here . 
  id like it to go to 12 dollars , then over 6 or 7 years go up to 15 ( or 16 depending on inflation ) then be bumped up every year to keep up with inflation . 
  jumping to 15 right now is silly and harsh . 
  yes it was . 
  she was so obese she couldnt move out of her motorized chair . 
  this lead me to belive that the phone fell in a bed pan or similar , and with her limited mobility she may have been unable to retrieve it . 
  im not sure if per phone is better or worse ... what do you get per ipad or computer ? 
  the shop did those too . 
  she wasnt thrilled , but ive seen worse reactions . 
  well , i was also 18 , and living at home while going to community college . 
  puts that into context .
