  yes , however if that vpn could n't stop a possible attack , default windows 10 firewall wont either . 
  and if the network security that the banks have in place is so poor that they could get to the os , then it is already too late . 
  well . 
  no free society has ever gotten rid of crime , or eliminated the quarantined areas . 
  let me rephrase . 
  societies where there are large populations . 
  what country with the size and variety that the united states has ever gotten rid of crime , or eliminated the quarantined areas . 
  they were able to sell it for a lot while doing very little in the short term . 
  i had sex at least once a week my junior and senior years of high school . 
  with my girlfriend at the time . 
  over clock a 580 ? 
  i do n't feel like having a house fire . 
  also he wants better frames for besige more then he does for fallout 4 . 
  everyone got mad at them last time . 
  the older ones used a better plastic . 
  the original charger from 2005 is doing fantastic , the one from 2011 is a frayed mess . 
  i do this when i need to recycle a board that is unstable/broken so no other trash picker ( like myself ) thinks they have a good find and waste their time with it . 
  community ewaste . 
  i always bring something so they do n't suspect me . 
  i also try to be overly helpful so they try to avoid me . 
  but you and i both know that if the tax went up 15 cents per gallon , it would n't go to helping roads . 
  other agencies would claim that they got on perfectly fine without the extra funds in the past and all the extra money would be drained away leaving gas more expensive and the roads no different . 
  to be honest , what are the cans doing to harm the river or ecosystem there ? 
  anything glass , metal or wood dropped in rivers do n't do much harm to fish . 
  why ? 
  you actually do , but you just do n't look to see where something was made if it works ok . only when it breaks and you get pissed that you look at the box and see made in china . 
  us local drivers learn how to swerve to avoid them at a young age . 
  i do n't remember 9/11 , but i can vote . 
  was this question even needing to be asked . . 
  my dad is using one for fallout 4 !, 
  the ceramic is a very sharp rock, 
  you call that cheap ? 
  besides for people in other states yelling about how dumb it is , nobody in nj or oregon actually want the rule repealled . 
  the only people who care are the people who are jelous of it . 
  gold fish crackers are similar . 
  slightly less salty ( not by much though ) and shaped like little fish . 
  those are the go to snack for children and in my house . 
  the only people who complain about not being able to pump gas are the people who do n't live here . . 
  7 bucks per cable is not cheap . 
  i got 16 micro usb cables for 20 bucks from monoprice . 
  i keep forgetting that those are not standard around the country . 
  `` upgrade to windows 10 ! '', 
  ive never purchased a non-quick release hdd caddy . 
  crumpled up paper and pliers to remove every time, 
  look . . not too sure about the rest of the us , but a pork roll ( or taylor ham if you wish ) sandwich with egg and cheese is a very fond meal here in nj . 
  i mean it is . 
  about 3 inches so far in central nj . 
  holy fuck , formatting . 
  if you want people to read your comments you need to break it up into something less dense then a uranium fruitcake . 
  because they are dirty commies . 
  that 's like saying highways are rated to 65 mph so it is impossible to go slower . 
  i thought it was referring to 2 black women who were pregnant and a black man . 
  everyone on this sub seems to think that computer parts fail and fall apart if you look at them funny . 
  1.61 here in nj . 
  i was at a ewaste center . 
  saw an employee throw hard a hd 5380 into a bucket . 
  i asked for it hoping to withstood the 5 foot fall and residual bounces . 
  works fine . 
  i also saw a desktop fall off a bike into a puddle . 
  bent case . 
  worked fine for another 3 years until it was replaced from a pentium 4 not being fast enough anymore . 
  components can take a beating . 
  orly ? 
  never had it happen . 
  although i do avoid doing things on carpets or with a fuzzy hoodie on . 
  having a cat near it wo n't kill it . 
  its solid as fuck and has over a decade of real usage testing . 
  you do n't want a 600m project to be running software that still has some unknowns do you ? 
  is n't gore . 
  what are you doing with that old pentium ii or iii ? 
  because i have like 3 of them around the house and ive been wanting to find something useful for them to do . 
  buggy ? 
  have you used the latest versions with all the patches ? 
  maybe im not doing all of the super special and intense work you are doing to stress xp out , but i have n't had it crash in a long time . 
  well xp easily gets bogged down , but with a strict list of what gets installed ( as would be the case here ) and if the hardware can handle it ( usually can if there is n't every toolbar , skype running in the background etc. ), 
  then it can remain on for years . 
  states have songs ? 
  * proceeds to look up nj * welp . 
  i can see why i did n't think they did . 
  is it oriented the wrong way ? 
  never would have noticed . 
  makes sense . 
  i already have one set up with a xeon i got for free . 
  although i might make another to host stuff for friends over ftp . 
  yes , but known issues are better then unknown issues . 
  billionions, 
  you do n't spend man hours looking for a mysterious problem , or you put in place some kind of barrier . 
  thanks . 
  i tried really hard . 
  this is someone who never dug out his car , went to work , and came home to find he has nowhere to put his car in front of his fucking house . 
  your response to people being mad that their hard work was stolen from them is to tell them to move to another state , possibly far away from family , friends , and their current life ? 
  and you are the one who is n't being a little birch about it ? 
  the class of suv has a lot of vehicles and i am skeptical of that very open ended statement . 
  ok well , that was a real long time ago . 
  safety glass was implemented in the 40s, 
  the hard work of shoveling out was stolen , not the fucking literal pavement . 
  ok look , that car is n't abandoned . 
  it is merely for parts . 
  so you do n't have a yard ? 
  i thought you said you were not black .
