  they are not the sharpest cookies in the crayon box . 
  nope , in the us , domestic car , just idiots with money . 
  new jersey , just a really really lucky salesman . 
  it literally has been around since 1683 , and was part of the revolutionary war , and holds one of the most prestigious colleges in the country . 
  thats pretty fucking important , which makes it real . 
  really ? 
  because as i see it , any oem displays that have had new glass put on will have a burn in from the original phone . 
  some samsung replacement screens have that now even . 
  but those do n't say ashtray , and you do n't want to rely on the resourcefulness of someone who started to smoke on a plane in 2016 to keep everyone safe . 
  all you really need is shoulder belts . 
  there are a lot of repercussions to smoking on a plane . 
  i do n't want to leave the safety of everyone to someone who did n't think of them beforehand . 
  hamilton nj , boarders some of the worse spots and best spots in the state , so that means it 's affordable , yet 20 min away from princton . 
  about 1 hour away from nyc , 40 min from philly , 1 hour from the beach , 1 hour from the pine barrens , and less then an hour from forest . 
  oled screens are really susceptible to burn in . 
  on my personal galaxy s5 i got burn in issues within 6 months , and ive noticed that some of the replacement galaxy s5 screens we have gotten have some slight burn in from the previous owner . 
  it was not very bad , and you would only notice it if you were looking for it , but it was there and i can imagine that for ios this would be a bit more of a problem due to the sheer amount of people who would leave their phone on the same screen , break it , then bring these tainted screens into the remanufacturing ecosystem . 
  i have a 1990 sony stereo with a turn table , on the scale of horrible to good how good would you think it is ? 
  ( i know i did n't give a model number , but i can if you need ), 
  i mean my parents have been drinking 10 + cans of diet coke a day since the 80s . 
  the aspartame is probably fine if they are ok after 30 years of exposure . 
  i mean , they are not in the best health , but thats mainly from the extra calories they take in . 
  i realize , however the copious amount of oreos they eat around 11:30 pm does . 
  the extra food they eat along with the soda is n't . 
  same as before they started diet coke . 
  mom 's is awesome , dads is terrible . 
  same as when they were kids . 
  a scandinavian woman . 
  with the materials they had , it would have been really heavy, 
  adhesive medical strips . 
  be in new jersey . 
  i ended up jumping and kicking my table . 
  my 92 volvo is considered vintage , is reliable , safe , and has no computer . 
  get your head out of your ass , not every non computerized car is a death trap . 
  we have them in nj . 
  smash phones all day . 
  1993 model m !, 
  could be one of those half 486 's half pentiums . 
  ( a pentium missing some of the instruction set ), 
  hubs are kinda reliable . 
  10 meg however . . 
  yea , but in jersey that applies to little laws we all break usually . 
  what ... how do you not know what cola is ... 
  heh , i too have a volvo 240 , it goes so slow the grass has time to grow . 
  never thought of it that way . 
  that 's how it goes usually . 
  we hate those areas too . 
  ( i like 5 min from trenton , i know what those places look like ), 
  here in nj most people i meet think california is for pansies . 
  everything is illegal and gives you cancer . 
  over taxed you say ... new jersey says hello with its property taxes . 
  `` ctrl-f : new jers ... fuck it 's the first one . 
  and second one . . and third ... '', 
  i drive past where the aliens were suppose to land on my way home from work . 
  wot, 
  im fairly sure that he said flipping a few times too . 
  the gtx480 was my first real video card and i did n't realize until years later that a constant 80 degrees was bad ... 
  at community college . 
  it is a sex less neckbeard pit of dispair . 
  in my area we have verizon and optimum ( a subsidiary of time warner ) . 
  both services are are good and so close to each other we picked our current provider based on the compression they used for television channels . 
  ... do you have any idea how people work ? 
  so far it 's not even close to being fun , nevermind the highlight of my life . 
  if task manager has taught me anything ... 
  first semester . 
  i am going to community college for almost free due to a program , but i fucking hate it here . 
  i gave one to my mom a year ago because i found it in a recycle pile . 
  works fine and she uses it every day . 
  also with a laptop running windows , it is easy for a newbie to set up . 
  ( i ran a laptop server for around 2 years ), 
  is it like the old ones ? 
  even the ps2 ones were 60 fps ? 
  here in nj all thrift shops are done by donation and the incentive is the tax breaks you get from donating . 
  fairly common in nj . 
  we call them circles . 
  i get 18 , its not too bad . 
  in nj the attendent prevents that . 
  you just say `` fill up , cash '' and it just fills up and you pay later . 
  i just bought a second hand truck last night . 
  $ 650 bucks for a 1987 ford ranger that needs nothing more then some consumables and tires ( has a new clutch already in it too ! ) . 
  5 miles from my house . 
  craigslist is your friend . 
  check it every day to find good deals . 
  really good finds are usually gone within 24 hours so every day could yield something good . 
  also try to get a car that is 1995 or older because those starting in may are exempt from inspections . 
  i have a friend that looks like that . 
  my school buses were from 1998 ... 
  i do n't think it 's a nj thing , maybe your district . 
  i just bought a $ 650 1987 ford ranger on wednesday !, 
  yea , in nj there is a 7 % sales tax , but no tax on essentials like food . 
  the ending to snatch . 
  if you have more then 2 cores in your computer , use the multi-core . ini tweak , besides for that if should work well right away . 
  the only mods i really find that are worth installing for fallout 3 and new vegas are the mods that make cigarettes into consumables and make the in game flashlight more powerful . 
  sorry , i meant essential foods . 
  not junk foods . 
  my first car ( purchased last year ) was a 1992 240 . 
  does that mean i 'm a hipster ? 
  legitimate question , why even try to fix a leak there ? 
  its all exhaust anyway and already went through the catalytic converter . 
  it ca n't possibly hurt anything just dumping out under the car can it ?
