  no , because on the whole , elderly black women and elderly white women have completely different mannerisms and speech patterns due to their upbringing in the 1940s and 50s . 
  it is a different customer interaction experience and is relevant to the story . 
  yes , she had limited mobility due to her weight . 
  it is possible that it fell into the piss , and due to her weight she was unable to retrieve it quickly . 
  yes , but are they all using motor scooters and bed pans ? 
  yes . 
  different mannerisms means that to fully understood , and imagine the story you need all the details . 
  that is a good point . 
  ill try and look back in my sd card to see if i took any, 
  yes , but you got there possibly missing the full experience , which is not something i am going to leave out for my readers . 
  probably dropped it in a full bed pan , took it out and did n't rinse it off . 
  well , if she was not as disabled as you imply , then handing someone a urine soaked phone is a dick move . 
  if it was due to a disability , then i am a bit more forgiving , however the details of her being morbidly obese ( not just overweight , i am over weight , i should know what it is like ) become more important . 
  its not a pain ? 
  i got ta replace my sending unit !, 
  i just looked through all of my 2016 photos . 
  i apparently did n't take one . 
  wait ... they put air bags in the a pillars now . . ? 
  the ac hoses in my 240 are original to the car , and still immaculate . 
  blows super cold . 
  this is getting crazy . 
  seat belts and crumple zones with maybe one air bag are what you need . 
  well my cars are so old and solid ( besides my ranger , that is a tin can ) that in an accident id either be fine , or instantly dead , so i do n't have to worry much . 
  eh , i do when it comes to computers and stuff . 
  laptops do n't have momentous forces at play . 
  what year is it ? 
  looks just like my 87, 
  my horn does n't work . 
  i just flash my brights a lot, 
  old monitors usually just had composite in , and the pi zero has a composite out header on it . 
  the receipt issue isnt an issue with me , they email me any and all the receipts for my purchases . 
  its all in my gmail . 
  yea , its usually people with avaerage or shitty pcs . 
  it has a briggs and stratton that 's why . 
  cool !, 
  what engine ? 
  a good kobo with backlight is like 45 bucks referbished on ebay . 
  yea , but where is the fun in that ? 
  its made it this far , it will do it again . 
  no , the tuners are different , not the anntennas, 
  the philly station 95.7 isnt bad . 
  they wear out ... ? 
  i still have the set from when i was growing up . 
  you know , i said that , and 2 years have gone by . 
  yes , but i use conventional on 25 year + old cars . 
  a 1974 f350 , with the fe360 , a 86 v6 ranger and a 1992 volvo 240 . 
  both the volvo and f350 's drive trains were introduced in the 1970s . 
  i change oil and filter every 3000 . 
  it also helps me keep tabs on engine health . 
  my newest car is a 1992 volvo , whos engine was designed in the 70s . 
  ill be fine woth lower service grades . 
  im going to my co workers house not this weekend , but the one after . 
  im going to take a look at them later . 
  i know it all isnt , but its a bundle . 
  ill make an offer depending on whats there . 
  then you have n't actually used a nice windows machine , or tried to do real work on mac . 
  no idea yet . 
  he i told him id negotiate once i see it . 
  what ... last year 's mainstream smart phone ? 
  in jersey , we only have emission testting for post 1996 cars , and no inspection for cars before 96 . 
  why the hell would you do this ? 
  no , i mean why the hell go through the effort and risk of faking an inspection sticker . 
  its super easy to pass . 
  or go to secondhand shops and look . 
  my current bile was on of those really expensive bikes , back in 1992 . 
  still well made and ergonomic . 
  and was really cheap . 
  he kind of did . 
  you would be amazed abkut what can fit in 20 mb if you dont use textures . 
  this would totally me and my friends . 
  although we would have our hazards on , and do it when there is no traffic . 
  my 1992 240 has the same feature !, 
  as far as i understand it , it was the ownership that changed , however the engineers and original manufacturing facilities in sweden were unchanged . 
  just where the money goes is different . 
  i have a 1992 volvo 240 and the thing is a beast . 
  can confirm . 
  i have a 1992 volvo 240 , designed in the 70s back when they had that reputation . 
  simple + reliable + safe = really slow and inefficient . 
  i assume thats why they changed . 
  well , i have 2 manual cars , a 1974 ford f350 ( 3 on the floor with granny low ) , and a 1987 ford ranger ( 5 on the floor with od ) . 
  my other car is an automatic . 
  this is not the norm . 
  you can find fast cars with manual transmissions that are cheap . 
  no auto with paddle shifters that are worth it are old enough to be cheap . 
  yep . 
  a year and a half out if it , my friend is making 40k a year at 20 . 
  no debt from school . 
  1974 f350 and a 1987 ford ranger . 
  not hard to find , but back then manuals were common . 
  i bought them in 2016 and 2017 respectively . 
  suburban . 
  you have n't purchased many inefficient 1970s cars from individuals who have massive collections of parts cars have you ? 
  those usually are sub 1000 and have fine pasts . 
  ... . as someone who exclusively drives classics , you made me shudder . 
  yeah but some people like me do n't care, 
  i mean a lot of american cars did n't get computers until the mid 80s , so they would be fine until 86 or so . 
  oh thats my worse one . 
  i have over 5 of them . 
  huh . 
  my friend has a 79 that he got for 550 dollars .
