  not poverty , just a teenager who is really bad at taking care of her stuff . 
  her parents tried to talk her into getting the rest fixed , but she did n't want them to sink that much into it . 
  princeton nj . 
  i could n't just do something that hack-y without permission , so wording was key . 
  yep flex 3 . 
  actually when on , even with all the cracks , it was still a very pretty screen and very usable . 
  and the track pad was nice and responsive for some reason . 
  belonged to a teenager . 
  besides for being ugly , it was actually surprisingly usable . 
  also it is only one . 
  year . 
  old . 
  ok , i would n't say that . 
  i have a friend who has no money , but still goes through a cell phone every year . 
  they are n't screwed into a metal base most of the time . 
  just screwed into a brass grommet that is pressed into plastic . 
  always rips out, 
  yea , they really seem to be coming down on you hard for no reason . . 
  he just blows like 150 dollars on a shitty phone every year . 
  it 's written in a almost direct way . 
  programming is done using tools to make it easier to write , then when all the instructions are there , the programmer will feed their creation into a program called a `` compiler '' which takes their easy for humans to understand code and translates it into something the computer can actually use . 
  assembly is the language that it changes it to , as assembly is the last step before actually turning into the 1 's and 0 's . 
  the reason something will run better if made in assembly is because it is more direct . 
  the compiler sometimes takes a bit of a roundabout way of translating the code , adding unnecessary steps . 
  if you wrote it out direct and efficiently , then there are no added instructions and less processing has to be done . 
  because the s7 shatters if you frown at it . 
  i work at a repair shop . 
  the amount of broken screens and backs of galaxy s7 and s7 edges is immense . 
  yea , but lg has those buttons in super un-ergonomic positions on the back . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  the power button on the back would never work for me in a million years . 
  yea , that would n't work for me . 
  i 'd open it accidentally all the time, 
  i 've owned 2 samsung galaxy phones . 
  i have never ever accidentally pressed power when i tried volume . 
  how do most people hold it so that they do that ? 
  i saw that . 
  not sure , as they were just comparing it to similar ones and not this model . 
  while i 'm not super into audio , i like to have something that is decent . 
  i saw technics and it was a better brand name then what i had before . 
  what chemcials do you use to clean a typewriter ? 
  i just got a 87 ford ranger last year . 
  id say that mine is better then the 07 he reviewed . 
  190,000 miles and it still runs fine . 
  they might have been more of trucks back then . 
  yes , but it could n't get the commies to the moon . 
  id really love to see another resident evil game on the channel . 
  either 0 , 2 , or 3 . 
  those ones i feel , since they have n't had a full remake ( or are not as well known like zero ) are going to be more interesting . 
  i bearly ever see anyone play resident evil 2 , ever . 
  also a play-though of resident evil 4 would be awesome . 
  me and my dad would play it for hours every night in 2006 and 2007 . 
  ( i was like 9 , so i just helped him spot items because he did n't want me playing it , too scary . ), 
  if i saw a cute disabled chick on tinder , i 'd still swipe right . 
  it can be kind of hot depending on how . 
  the cute would counteract it, 
  depends how much you paid . 
  2 and 3 gb were still popular in 2008 . 
  carbon monoxide is the slow fade out . 
  carbon dioxide is a panicking way out . 
  you passed through my county . 
  neato . 
  ( its not a big county , so it was actually neat ) . 
  mercer nj . 
  that one right in the middle with trenton in it . 
  i have a 240 as well . 
  the oem jack is awful and if you want to actually put it on jackstands you need to jack it up on the rear diff . 
  love the car , hate that design . 
  when the attendant takes their sweet ass time i just get out and start . 
  they do n't really stop you . 
  but that requires reading the manual . 
  and that is impossible . 
  very choppy . 
  not enough set up or substance . 
  4.6 min videos are a bit too short . 
  they should have possibly combined a few different displays into a few 7 min videos . 
  possibly . 
  it was missing a bunch and few looked oem . 
  yep . 
  got one in the drive way , 
  mine came with alloy wheels . 
  the volvo 240 is the perfect car to have as a first car because you will never get a ticket , and you can drive it fast , without going fast . 
  which is just what a teenager needs . 
  how would you repair that ? 
  how would you add more line to go and splice them all again ? 
  yea , but 5 bucks would be more like 11 now . 
  i 'm from mercer county . 
  thems fightin words . 
  if you buy bottom barrel of any brand , then it will be sure to disappoint . 
  lenovo makes some good things , then they also make ideapads . 
  little tip though , avoid any consumer level hp . 
  they are awful . 
  actually the idea pads are pretty meh . 
  i repair computers for a living , and the only lenovo computer i would recommend is a thinkpad ( however , besides falling apart due to neglect , this flex 3 was quite nice ) . 
  was it a windows 8 or 7 that got 10 forced on it ? 
  i can check tomarrow, 
  it 's 2:47 am where i am . 
  i 'm going to bed . 
  i 'll hook it up to a b/w crt tomarrow . 
  i have like 4 of them .
