  it 's a neat snapshot , and for the most part , it is easily lost . 
  old software is easy to lose and impossible to recover . 
  i have an old kaypro 2 with a single floppy disk for it . 
  it takes single density , single sided disks . 
  i only have one , which is the disk that contains the os and wordstar . 
  if that goes , the so does a lot of what makes the machine great . 
  is it 2004 already ? 
  it 's a felony to attempt suicide ? 
  fuck that . 
  that just encourages people to do it in more certain ways . 
  you say that all pcs dont care about either 220 or 110 , but i found a cheap ass hp desktop that only worked on 220v . 
  i was so freaked out . 
  i know , i did n't really think it 's gore either , but people here do , and i wanted karma , so might as well use my job fixing them to get photos . 
  we ride on the sidewalk because the bike lane is dangerous as fuck and in no way suitable for biking . 
  no it 's not . 
  where i live , almost nobody walks any where most of the time so it 's open and free . 
  vs the road , which has a lot of cars that dont like sharing . 
  `` have the right to use the whole lane '' yea , sounds nice on paper , but i 'd rather break a small law then die from a upset motorist . 
  thats why you stop when you get to a place where a car could turn left and hit you . 
  never trust cars when you are on a bike . 
  ever . 
  they are big and will kill you . 
  the cars do n't expect you anywhere . 
  so a sidewalk is the best place because they ca n't get you by accident . 
  not where i live . 
  lots of cars , lots of empty side walk . 
  it makes sense . 
  driveways no , roads , yes i do . 
  i also keep an eye out . 
  i do n't just bike around by feel . 
  new jersey suburbs . 
  only crazy people , drunks , or teenagers bike . 
  it 's not taken seriously . 
  you should be able to play skyrim se, 
  it has been with her stuff ever since i could remember , so at least 15 years , and the fact that a glue stick says made in germany means that is most likely some time before the mid 1990s . 
  you 're not his mom . 
  was it mechanical ? 
  my little brother had that same top keyboard . 
  i threw it out for him once he got it gross with food and junk . 
  13 year olds love eating chips on their keys . 
  it is clearly proud of trenton on the plate , so before the 60s to be sure . 
  where i work it is 30 dollars for tempered glass , with an unlimited life time replacement warranty . 
  with the 20 % of people that actually come back more then twice it is a fantastic money maker . 
  id say 60 % of repairs opt for it . 
  * prior to the 1940s . 
  i just got a adapter for mine , do you eventually get used to the weird layout ? 
  taiwan # 1 is something that dennis , a taiwanese member of the popular youtube series 's linus tech tips , says a lot when he is on camera . 
  i just used some tweezers and a microscope . 
  intel pins are kind of like springs . 
  someone listened to npr last night , 
  i uploaded it with the imgur app , knew it would be janky . 
  i 'm gon na try linking to the jpgs in the comments . 
  i did this with a laptop charger i bought once . 
  it is a bit left leaning , but they try to keep it to a minimum . 
  during the election , it seemed that a weekly thing was to bring on a conservative , belittle their points , and prove them wrong and cut them off when they had a rebuttal . 
  they were pretending to care about what they had to say to make it seem like they were unbias , although that might be the individual anchors though . 
  they also didnt pick the brightest conservatives , so they were easier to pick apart . 
  why bring them on the show if you are just going to bait them on the air and claim you are just giving them a chance . 
  not yet , but i only have 2 years of driving under my belt . 
  should have been lots of times though . 
  this is especially true with bosses . 
  flew in , died . 
  at least i suspect . 
  i think so . 
  the sd card pins were a little misaligned , but that might still work too . 
  well , the mini sim did n't fit in the nano sim tray , what else is a user to do ? 
  he wanted to use his new phone right then . 
  a fused lcd and digitizer would be worth it . 
  they are only around 100 dollars . 
  yep . 
  my dad got a great deal in 2007 on a mazda 3 because special ordered with a standard trans , returned , and they had a hard time selling it, 
  which volvo ? 
  i thought the standard old volvo came with a 5 speed standard , 4 speed auto . 
  i notice the farther we go in the future , the more people say it . 
  oh makes sense . 
  i have an auto 240 and it is a 3speed auto with overdrive . 
  exactly . 
  although i did put the back back on with a ton of adhesive . 
  hopefully the large bead of glue i put will give it some protection . 
  there are 3 bent pins . 
  why did you tag me , whacha wan na talk about ? 
  he knew he dickerer it up , and he brought it to our shop . 
  we usually have a 3 month warranty on our stuff , but oddball things like this are up to the owners discretion . 
  while he could have sent it to samsung , i do n't think he wanted to wait the 2 weeks . 
  same thing in my 3rd grade class . 
  2010 is n't outdated for a mac . 
  very good possibility , and he would have still had to wait the 2 weeks . 
  they did n't at the time , just wait for zen, 
  i want something small and cheap to go with my rx460 for a portable lan rig . 
  trucks are really fun , not that expensive , and nj has roundabouts . 
  you can still find albums for 50c , it 's just that they are at flea markets and thrift stores not cleaned or organized . 
  i 'm having fun imagining your face when you find out my 4 seater sedan gets 18 mpg . 
  huh , states besides nj and oregon have attendants , but they dont pump gas . 
  what will they think up next . 
  requires a much longer pull , and a lot more force . 
  depends . 
  if there are people there , who do n't own guns , then you could have an issue . 
  but most moderately funded counties have animal control , and ones that are too poor to usually have relaxed gun laws . 
  it 's where a combo of lack luster animal control , plus gun restrictions , and high enough population to bring in dogs is where you might have a problem . 
  there are very few places that fit the description .
