  i cant ... wow . . 
  i have a fx 5500 laying around and damn ... that 's good to hear . 
  the 8800gt can still hold its own ! , well , the 512mb + editions anyway, 
  too close to philly , and its awesome aquarium !, 
  if you insulated it right then how is this dangerous ? 
  jak and daxter collection . 
  i 'm thinking some hot glue and female quick connects that fit over each prong would make this much better , for long term use . 
  i mean , if we needed that kind of advice we would look to regular ol r/techsupport, 
  start several small fires in the building to get people to evacuate before they are hit . 
  ya it is . 
  the point of which is to cripple them for life . 
  a lot less lax then my fantasy . 
  hehe brain damage . 
  i 've always wanted to blind my enemies by kicking their eyes with my steel toed boots , 
  its best thinly sliced and fried , its like ham and bacon had a baby , a decious , heavy , baby . 
  part of the reason why is because of system limitations , it takes a lot more cpu to do multiplayer games in last gen and current gen consoles . 
  it has to make the scene from each character 's point of view and will impact preformance . 
  instead of dealing with code to make an inferior product , they just stick with online multiplayer . 
  it does n't have the same limitations because it 's just getting 1 camera angle and the other characters are just coordinates and numbers not actual polygons and things that have to be rendered alongside with yours . 
  nintendo get around this by lowering the graphics of their games . 
  just my theory though . 
  can confirm , am 17 and my only memory of 9/11 is of my kindergarten teacher talking about it in 2004-5 . 
  huh you are right , sorry . 
  i guess i got the years messed up . 
  ( i 'm a senior in high school right now ) the point is the same , i was alive when it happend , but only remember it from school years later . 
  yep i dont , i 've never known a time where airplanes were easy to board and the government could n't scream national security and do as they please . 
  all i remember is they stressed that a lot of bad people killed a lot of good people by crashing a plane into a tall building in nyc . 
  also of how brave the people on the other flight ( 93 i think ) , the one that yhe passengers fought them off on and crashed in pennsylvania . 
  i was filled in on the major details later . 
  like i do n't remember dial up internet . 
  and i was around for it as well . 
  we have always had broadband , so i can totally see a time when vr is just as common place . 
  as someone with no windows key ... i am saddened, 
  hey me too !, 
  i just finished 1 yesterday, 
  so fat in 2 i 'm super mega poor , and put all my points into small guns ... 
  i ca n't afford a gun ; - ;, 
  my very first playthough , and lots of schoolwork ... 
  thank you !, 
  its oc , i was doing hw and this song came on and my brain was like '' * and a little bin laden now !, 
  a little bin laden now !, 
  a little bin laden now !, 
  * '' and then i got onto photoshop . 
  well vaguely competent people need to earn a living and the only way to do that is via tips, 
  the kitchen is a room in a human 's home . 
  there are two types . 
  male and female . . there is a really good chance either could have been picked . 
  thank you !, 
  stop looking for symbols in every day language to prove that women are oppressed . 
  look at the real reasons and contribute to solving the issues facing everyone in society . 
  feminism is a good thing when helps more then just women . 
  and why is that bad ? 
  fact !, 
  : half the people in the world are men !, 
  heh , id like to see them try . 
  the us does n't realistically have the right to be there ... but ... the us bases are probably a good thing in the countries . 
  got a few of those in my house . 
  why the hell did they get rid of them ? 
  damn i have a gtx460 and a phenom x3 @ 3.00 ghz too !, 
  not yet i did n't . 
  it still handles everything i throw at it so i see no need to ( yet ), 
  i 'll check later today . 
  it 's in my secondary battle station so it 's not top priority . 
  where are they saying that !, 
  shit i have a 9800gt that i can throw in a bearbones rig and have an extra gtav machine, 
  most arnt but have an equivent . 
  some are however . 
  fallout 3 and nv are very very similar, 
  hand in a multi essay project to english teacher on a cd . 
  each essay had a folder . 
  i get an f. i ask why , she said she could n't find them . 
  i asked if she looked in the folders named after the sections of the project . 
  yes she did . 
  she was the worst english teacher on the planet though . 
  ( high school by the way ) she treated it as an excuse to pretend that she was still in high school . 
  chatting with the popular girls and whity banter with the popular boys . 
  all of her quizes , tests and hw were stolen from online and the first result when googled . 
  she loved comic sans and used it for anything she did make herself . 
  she also , when forced to make a worksheet by herself , just said `` what 's the theme of _____ '' . 
  that gets fucking old when you have to answer `` what the theme of chapter 3 '' over and over . 
  tuesdays with morrie 's theme did n't change over the last 12 pages , what do you want us to fucking write ?!, 
  knowing that my gtx480 is also happy . 
  space heaters are pretty simple ... 
  you do n't get out much then eh ? 
  so much yes !!, 
  matters , yes , but it also matter how effective the transmission is at converting that horse power into fps . 
  some are better then others, 
  matters , yes , but it also matter how effective the transmission is at converting that horse power into fps . 
  some are better then others, 
  yep , california is a hypochondriac . 
  it was , but in the 2060 's , 2067 i believe . 
  it can be seen on some of the high tech lcd displays on the us military rocket launchers in lonesome road . 
  it was still new tech and expensive and not readily available to consumers . 
  on our robotics team we have a harbor freight brand angle grinder . 
  it always sounds like it 's going to shatter and kill us all but it 's been there longer than most of the people on the team . 
  it is our favorite tool . 
  it is out robotics team 's metal shop in a box, 
  it was seriously dreadful , screw miss . 
  vitalie for forcing that upon us , and using comic sans for everything !, 
  mine does n't :( then again mine is from 91 .
