  just finished the fallout 3 kill everything run again and i wanted to start it , go to playlists ... nothing :(, 
  i got a ps3 with that done to it on both usb ports . 
  it cost me 18 bucks for the unit , but it also lacked a hard drive . 
  just soldered a usb extention to the underside of the contacts on the board ever since, 
  collage ? 
  or is this a magical high school that values real world skills ? 
  it said he was from syria . . it makes sense to me . 
  i 've got my 480 over here . 
  i was thinking of upgrades , but . . 
  i only play 1080p and my newest game is 2012 . . 
  yes . . and . . 
  i did n't move to syria to hate my neighbors though . . 
  i though second son was pretty ... 
  the only actual games i play for ps4 are second son and the last of us remastered . 
  i have n't seen a game where the limitations are real . 
  i mainly stick to fallout new vegas ( no graphical mods ) so all this stuff looks pretty to me . 
  i have it , i love it . 
  cheap as hell and great value, 
  what game is is this ? 
  i feel that hemp will really have a huge impact and paper products , with hemp fibers , will take the place of some plastic in the packaging of goods . 
  the problem is that you are a damn fucking commie who is ungrateful to live in this great country of ours . 
  i love his stand up . . just not his stupid show . 
  i guess the show is easier then making up a whole act . 
  ive corrected them before ... 
  they said nope , megabyte ... cunts . 
  it was megabit . . 
  ive wanted him to try a playthrough of the original fallout games , his computer can handle it . 
  physical copies are not hard to find and there is a very easy patch that fixes it on new pcs, 
  was it butch ? 
  it was butch . 
  literally my username, 
  i mean , this isnt a mensright issue as much as a issue of teachers thinking they can do anything . 
  this should be on / r/news along with being here . 
  but those were gas powered . . see top comment 's link . 
  can confirm . 
  had bloody nose in the middle of the night . 
  had bloody sheets . 
  20 min of cool bubbling effect later and a weird smell the sheets were clean . 
  but why is that bad ? 
  if everyone agreed to be like that then it is simply a country that does that . 
  there is no world wide rule that says you have to welcome different people . 
  if you have the land and all agree to be `` egotistical nationalistic xenophobes '' then just do n't go there and let them be . 
  what school is that ? 
  and use the same shit they push to peasants . 
  no thank you !, 
  budget : to be saved up for . 
  nothing it too good for gaben . 
  power supply : 500 watts , i do have a 650 watt i 've just been too lazy to switch out . 
  screen :1080 p 60hz . 
  it 's new and not going to be replaced soon . 
  highest render distance ever , textures , meh . 
  1080p , 45-60fps, 
  but it never trusted you . 
  `` are you sure you wan na do that ?!?! '', 
  '' ( sigh ) yes vista . 
  i know what the fuck i 'm doing '', 
  the only reason i 've gone nividia is because i got my 480 for cheap , and i already knew the naming scheme . 
  i would n't being against a lan amd . 
  what is wrong with my fx-3600 ? 
  this is better then i want it to be . 
  still not that bad of a build !, 
  parks and recreation reference . 
  spotted the microsoft employee, 
  can confirm . 
  my old one did that . 
  eh , only when you do a big , particle filled attack . 
  damn , sorry , though this was typing into google for a second . 
  have fun with the walking dead !, 
  i 'm 17 and we have always had broadband here for as long as i remember . 
  i only know that sound because of my uncle who got dsl in 2012 . 
  it 's like the writers of rick and morty made a children 's cartoon as well as their adult swim one . 
  they might have actually , but do n't quote me, 
  my feelings exactly , i played it on ps3 , it felt like someone took something cool , then put it through a garbage disposal with grey paint . 
  we would do the same about our school , except , screw our school . 
  they short change us and screw us over every chance they get . 
  worse ? 
  it could pump out some impressive visuals in its day . 
  our robotics team is screwed over and we are running out of time . . 
  grumpy white people . 
  a place that has a city , yet no water . 
  dollar store food . 
  tv shows , hipsters , over sensitive people . 
  i think they over clocked the snot out of it and used a smaller , more power efficient version of the chip , but exactly this . 
  the console had the flaw of not having many games to take advantage of it being fast . 
  also the size limit of the mini discs played a part with textures i think . 
  like the n64 . 
  it was way more powerful then the ps1 or, 
  saturn , but the amount of storage to store textures and polys , well anything really , was so small that they summed down the games to fit on the tiny carts . 
  not unless she came 4 times already . 
  so . . does this build season suck for anybody else too ? 
  my team is really having a hard time . . 
  we lost half our mentors and team members on top of every shipment of parts being late, 
  im pretty sure the company that makes the dollar store food is based there , or a very similarly spelled town in virgina . 
  this guy gets it, 
  no or doesnt ... 
  thank you , we have one in my school in america and my god . . ca n't stand to be near him . 
  yep , the way he refers to women is bad , but it 's obvious that has has been yelled at before for saying something he should n't have . 
  he starts a thought then unceremoniously tapers his train of thought off in a different direction . 
  you can get the old lady to tell you about the house . 
  our team has like 6 usefull people ... including mentors ... and no money ... * sob * * sob *,
