  only when i have to move files around the house . 
  i 'm also doing it to learn how . 
  first date and anniversary were in princeton , really good place to see . 
  ya took me a few min to realize that it was a bit more then just the ethernet port . 
  so i 'm not the only person with this problem . 
  die a hero , not die young . 
  you make me upset sir . 
  you and everyone like you are the reason i am pro-choice . 
  linux booted off usb , quick and easy . 
  jak x is great !, 
  lost frontier is n't perfect . 
  it 's not a bad game but it 's not a naughty dog jak and daxter game . 
  it was ... kinda ... great game play though . 
  any names of these organizations ? 
  i 'm in the market for a butt load of cheap p4 machines . 
  pentium 4 's can still do a lot , especially the 3ghz model . 
  they may not be powerhouses by today 's standards , but for web browsing and word they are still great !, 
  ( with 1-3 gigs of ram though , im no animal ) also good to give to friends and relatives who need a computer . 
  well if you had unlimited time , money , and power to force people to work you can achieve anything !, 
  needs new printers for that , and that costs money . 
  oh really ?!? 
  ok then . 
  disregard my last comment . 
  they are stupid . 
  i agree !, 
  they are great little things for simple stuff . 
  just upgrade the ram and you got yourself a cool little computer . 
  ya , but how often do you move your desktops ? 
  well i see where you are going , but if its only that much weight should n't be an issue . 
  i have 3 p4 running around the house ( 1 minecraft machine and 2 netflix boxes ) and even though i move them around quite a bit the few min of heavy is n't much of a problem . 
  the only p3 i have left is in a laptop and not in my main setup . 
  i do have some shitty celerons though , ( i got them for free ), 
  for making all those boxes , get 2nd hand computers . 
  people are just giving away p4 's and they are great for testing !, 
  see i was looking at this, 
  would this not work if it is 125w ? 
  i 'm still a bit fuzzy on what the wattage means on the processor ( i mean in terms of compatibility ), 
  ah ok , thank you  is there a reason to avoid buying used on this sorta thing ? 
  ok thank you kind sir/madam . 
  are the games still super expensive compared to other countries even with the sale ? 
  ok thanks, 
  what is a tryhard ? 
  you disappoint me . 
  it should have been the little post that could !, 
  this is funny , do n't get me wrong , but us quoting satire the best thing for this subreddit if it wants to be taken seriously ? 
  if they did then i 'd have one already . 
  got one used for 2 bucks . 
  they are super over kill . 
  i love doing that , if it had a p4 i could probably do a lot with it . 
  those old ones were n't bad if you upgraded the ram a bit . 
  now i need to commit a small crime in norway . 
  i have a 720 as well . 
  do n't know why you are being downvoted . 
  well i did get my monitor for 13 bucks ... 
  great idea , what do you propose we do that ? 
  i found a 720p at a thrift store . 
  13 bucks . 
  23 inches . 
  only thing broken , was the yellow rca input . 
  the rest worked fine . 
  no hdmi but i have it hooked up via dvi and its my main monitor . 
  im running minecraft on a pentium 4 3.0 ghz . 
  runs on normal fine and far everywhere but caves . 
  40 fps, 
  the graphics card is a asus x800 series 256 mb of video ram . 
   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxeultzvjks, 
  is this 8.1 ? 
  ok , just the lack of lines and such confused, 
  my cousin has something similar . 
  well no backlight keyboard and exports to text , but it 's close . 
  no , the 1.44 was the formatted capacity . 
  2.0 mb was the unformatted . 
  well its for the gamecube ... 
  nikki died about a week and a few day ago . 
  she was 3weeks from 11 . 
  i 'm glad yours is doing so well . 
  beautiful eyes . 
  what hamiltion ? 
  thank you . 
  we are doing ok . 
  it is quite sad though . 
  our black lab ( 6 years ) just stopped looking for her ... 
  it was her time though . 
  she suffered from epilepsy , and a round of seizures really knocked her health down . 
  when from healthy as an ox to not in 6 months . 
  25th here !, 
  we have the best of everything . 
  i no longer get christmas gifts though . 
  i get half year birthday gifts.l !, 
  mtge lines that lead outside of the town were down and local calls still worked ? 
  my god . 
  from that snow tire thing she sounds exactly like my gf 's mom . 
  what do you mean a choice ? 
  when i have used it there was no choice and it was very difficult to use any of the functions i usually use , such as search and control panel . 
  but is there any way to navigate to it with the mouse ? 
  i have one !, 
  i always wished i had a real atari one though . 
  i tried . 
  you ca n't even search or look for gifs using it !!!!, 
  i 've heard of it before .
