  and i have a 87 for 750 . 
  neither were turn key , but it did n't take much . 
  i trash picked them all just keep your eyes out and near e-waste facilities and thrift stores, 
  for parts , look on www.rockauto.com . 
  if their part quote is way out of line with the higher end part there , then you are being scammed . 
  if it is like 25 % higher , thats just markup and normal . 
  if you need an alternator , and rock auto has them for 45 dollars to 120 dollars , and you are charged $ 230 you are being scammed . 
  yes !, 
  i am much more inclinded to trust a mechanic with 2 to 4 project cars littered around the place . 
  i am proud of my several bins full . 
  that mile around the river is the only nice area . 
  trenton is also bad , but not on the level of those two . 
  wait wait wait ... do n't you have to be pretty to be a model ? 
  well , the actual things you do are not difficult , but the fact that the respawn points are like 25 minutes from eachother make it hard . 
  plus you only get 4 hits before you die . 
  probably nissan , but id look at something older , as you might have something cheaper . 
  sadly . 
  i refuse to get a dual clutch auto , as 1 ) too expensive , 2 ) i do n't drive anything made past 1996 . 
  yea ... that is the standard way to do it . 
  looks normal . 
  when it is 30 dollars to download every single video a specific fetish based site makes ( if you can do it in a month ) so you never have to look and hope for a specific scene in horrible quality again . 
  its a fireproof rock fabric !, 
  shame it does the cancer stuff . 
  crt monitors !, 
  like in 2005 !, 
  thats a great way to get a lot of unpaid taxes because everyone spent the money already . 
  i drive a 240 , and a few other 30 year old cars as my dailys . 
  its completely fine . 
  yea , but then cars would be a lot more expensive . 
  i dont really need to be safe . 
  plus , those are cab mounts , the cab isnt gon na pop off on the highway , and in the event of a crash ... the truck is from 1979 , it was never safe in a crash . 
  yea , electric meter is outside , gas is inside . 
  ok , well lot and lots of nonsense , but its not tv or production related nonsense . 
  just normal people nonsense . 
  where did you get that chair ? 
  i have the same one . 
  it is the chair that was taken from a closing medical school . 
  yes , its all not high draw , and nothing is exposed . 
  if those were all on a 20 outlet bar ( like on a workbench ) then you wouldnt bat an eye . 
  i mean . . due to there being no grass there , id perfer this over anything else some one like this would do, 
  wow , the commentators here have never worked with garbage components before . 
  this will last for years before anything breaks . 
  i see one slightly buldging capacitor . 
  that will work for a long while until the system gets slightly unstable . 
  the very worse case scenario is it will pop , and lighly smoke , and leak all over the board , corroding the board . 
  there is still more then enough air flow there ( due to actual fans , and dust not being as blocking as plastic wrap , it can breath a bit ) to keep the computer operational , abet with some thermal throttling . 
  ever since 2000 or so , computer equipment shuts off at about 100c , which is nowhere near enough to start a fire in an environment made to withstand the 100c temps . 
  anyone well versed in backyard fuckary knows that exhaust past the headers is optional . 
  you say that , but it makes sense for most oled phones , those screens are crazy expensive . 
  4 years , well i still have 1.5 left to go !, 
  its a valuble and rare nixie tube . 
  please either use it , or sell it to someone who can . 
  has anyone else actually tried driving of those things ? 
  the automatic transmission in the 2008 model i drove for work felt like a blind , mentally ill cat with no eyes was shifting the gears . 
  if only i could push through the friend zone ,, 
  then i might have had a positive impact on her . 
  if only i gave out my phone number more ,, 
  then i might have been able to hold on to a friendship that faded over that faithful summer . 
  if only i knew i would lose touch ,, 
  then i would have been more careful . 
  if only i could realize that i lost her and i can stop dwelling on her . 
  if only i could realize that it is unhealthy to live in the past . 
  if only she knew of what an impact she had on my life . 
  if only she knew that she helped me become less of a social outcast . 
  if only she knew all the things she for me that i have just to come to realize . 
  if only she knew that she made every day of 7th grade better . 
  if she knew that i would miss our little love-hate relationship ,, 
  then she might have stayed in touch . 
  if only she knew i relived the moment that i messed up , locking myself in the friend zone forever . 
  if only she knew that that memory has played thousands of times in my mind for two years . 
  if only she knew that i did n't want to say no when questioned , i wanted to say yes ,, 
  then i wonder if she would have agreed . 
  if only i had a barrier . 
  if only i had an excuse for not going up to her now in the hallway on my way to class , i usually pass by her . 
  if only i had the courage to go up to her in her impenetrable gaggle of girls and finally get her phone number . 
  i want to make a collection of jokes to bring into school . 
  i need all the jokes , i want :, 
  dirty jokes, 
  clean jokes, 
  blonde jokes, 
  women jokes, 
  men jokes, 
  really offensive jokes, 
  racist jokes, 
  yo mama jokes, 
  knock knock jokes, 
  puns etc. . . 
  i need all your jokes and i will not take credit for any of them !, 
  when i was little and i finished jak2 ( with my dad 's help ) i used to go around haven city as my own premade playground . 
  i made up my own scenarios and it was my very own play set with no clean up involved . 
  anyone else do this ? 
  i won a mp3 player which is a knock off of an ipod shuffle at an arcade . 
  when ever i try to put music on it most of the songs are erased and the 10 that are left are repeated until the space the songs i put on it is used up . 
  ( such as if i put 512mb of music on it then the first ten songs would repeat until it took up the 512mb ) anyone think they can help . 
  i am making a go-kart type thing . 
  it wo n't go very fast . 
  i just need to know what size sprocket and/or how to look up the size . 
  it has to have a 3/4in hole in the middle 3in diameter and be able to fit with a bike chain . 
  there is one final defense against foreigners . 
  it 's called the language barrier .
