  ... 2 power companies . 
  you mean that in some areas there is more then 1 ? 
  in new jersey , we only have pse&g, 
  me too, 
  i just got the active today around 6pm . 
  i love it to bits . 
  i 'm gon na miss the 3 day battery life of my galaxy s5 though . 
  40 bucks on amazon and battery lasts for days . 
  `` flung from the wreckage to safety '', 
  good point . 
   sigle, 
  i had to pump my own gas for the first time in my life last month ( i live in nj and was going to upstate ny ) . 
  i just read the sticker on the pump and got it within a minute or so . 
  it is just idiots who cant do it with instructions printed right there on the pump . 
  copy screens are like 25 bucks now . 
  so it does n't make any sense to just replace the glass . 
  possibly a blizzard . 
  the less aerodynamic your car is , the better just rolling windows down work . 
  having no ac in my 87 ford ranger is n't bad at all , being in a 2016 ford escape with the ac off is hell . 
  there is usually only 1 240 in the lot at a time too as well . 
  and they are stripped clean within 2 weeks . 
  i know the struggle . 
  speak for yourself, 
  thats why i got a cheap ranger . 
  i have no need for a lot of power , but i wanted to be able to carry a bunch of bulky stuff and a sedan didnt cut it . 
  i can not move mini bikes and old tvs in a sedan . 
  are you my friend 's dad ? 
  he takes his 97 jeep out in every snow storm to get people out . 
  even unstuck a cop car and got on the news once . 
  i actually also have a 1992 volvo 240 sedan . 
  i 'm regretting not getting the wagon . 
  at least they have that battleship, 
  authors do n't write text books for themselves . 
  it can be used as a lesson for others . 
  your gpu is the lowest end that can run games . 
  i 'd recommend trying to get a used gtx 580 if you are on a budget . 
  they are like 100 bucks on ebay and can play it at almost high . 
  edit - geez , write cpu instead of gpu and get downvoted ... 
  my local flea market had ps3 games for 3 dollars each, 
  what movie was that from ? 
  i might identify as a abbaboo ... 
  as someone else who fixes laptops for a living , i applaud you . 
  not because you will have us fix it over and over , but because you seem to love that laptop and are really getting your money 's worth out of it . 
  i often see laptops that are battered and abused after only a few years by people who do n't even use them for much . 
  seeing computers engrained in a workshop so deeply means they are being used and that 's a good sight . 
  i 'd rather a laptop be used up and destroyed by love in 6 months then being in the hands of someone who uses it once every other week , then drops it and totals it after 3 years of bearly touching it . 
  they are also magical porn squares . 
  cfl bulbs are still shit , its the warm colored led bulbs that are where its at . 
  i get 20 mpg city , and 25 highway in my 30 year old truck ... is that not good anymore ? 
  its asian weirdness , wrapped up in packages just similar enough to western culture to be off putting . 
  but then what if it 's a false statement now ? 
  like 3 of them could be either . 
  this sub should be aboit real issues , not about the chance that a google doodle could be sexist . 
  i know some women in manufacturing , so i do n't really see the issue with the doodle . 
  88.1 , public radio is really good . 
  so is the philly station 95.7 benfm . 
  i 'm not , it seems a bit weird to me . 
  and especially for me back when they asked me when i turned 18 . 
  also i have to hope , when i die , it will be in such an exciting way there is n't anything solid left . 
  complaining about the scenery as they leave it after 3.5 hours of driving . 
  i have a playstation with the av inputs , and the special rf adapter that used that tiny audio style jack inbetween the left audio channel and video for powering it . 
  ` fuck you '' . 
  we are the best at saying that phrase . 
   we are also the best at being very good , yet overshadowed by our neighbors . 
  lots in princeton . 
  i work there and seeing an asian person is very very normal . 
  the nj driving rest is stupid easy , especially in a small , automatic car . 
  i work at a repair shop . 
  personally , if it is anything besides a screen replacement , i dread galaxy phones . 
  for iphones , the battery only cost about 10 dollars . 
  did n't know april smoked . 
  i use mine several times a week . 
  i just took my 650 dollar truck on a road trip and loved every minute of it . 
  get off your high horse . 
  i bet every vehicle you had has air bags too . 
  so if a car with less miles and no accidents showed up for sale for 700 bucks , you would avoid it out of principle ? 
  good point, 
  ireland having a growing population ? 
  is the sky blue too ? 
  that dick caught a truck on fire . 
  the paid version to get rid of ads works very well and i am happy with the service . 
  it was just in my pocket !, 
  i work at one of those shops . 
  really wish my boss would buy cold pressed , i 'm sick of all the warranty replacements we do due to separating screens . 
  the first thing i did at my computer repair job ( like first day stuff ) was to rip the contacts out of a port that looked like this . 
  cheap and took only 5 minutes . 
  bossman was thrilled . 
  between the atlantic and pacific oceans , under canada , above mexico . 
  full of some forests , plains , mountains , and people . 
  we have 4 cars with 3 licenced drivers . 
  one for my mom , one for my dad , and 2 for me , the 19 year old son . 
  i still have my first sedan and i got a pickup truck in june because i wanted to learn stickshift and it was only 650 bucks and i got a job . 
  when tvs break , it 's usually not worth fixing . 
  i 'd say part of the lcd is dead . 
  good point . 
  i liked like half of that . 
  i 'm 19 , havent touched it . 
  this is n't gore . 
  it is a battery pulled from a working unit . 
  all the batteries , good or not look like this once took out of a phone .
