  but the ps was 32 bit, 
  they can both be 32 bit . . 
  the ps2 and 3 and 4 are all 228 bit after all . 
  how does a network card relate to a video game 's resolution ... ? 
  i have determined that you are a troll and not as stupid as you appear . 
  true dat, 
  free ? 
  nope . 
  i do know of a great one called private internet access . 
  it6s like 7 bucks a month and super fast . 
  i saw one in the park 5 min from my house . 
  my dog tried to eat it ... 
  yep and i 'm pretty sure you can pay with a prepaid credit card and they will cancel your subscription when it runs out . 
  its made to do that with no problems to help be anonymous . 
  he saved the hdd , dvd drives , ram , and cpu so he is n't too dumb . 
  it was a free 2004 dell, 
  i feel so as well my sleepy sloth friend . 
  he has done way worse . 
  i did it on my phone on the fly, 
  i am careful . 
  that horrified me . 
  thank you !, 
  i was seriously pissed that he did that . 
  that was still usable and he just did it on a whim . 
  1 ) i love rick and morty . 
  2 ) this is exactly his mentality . 
  minecraft is pretty fun ... for people who have autism and people who do not . 
  as a bicyclist i try to be treated as a pedestrian jogging on the side of the road , the cars always have the right of way . 
  i just do n't want to be hit, 
  one time i ordered a cheap hoodie from china . 
  took a long time to ship but they forgot to charge so there is that . 
  a computer good enough for minecraft . 
  the one that was incinerated was a 2004 dell and he bought a 2011 computer that can play it well from me . 
  plus the price of oil skyrocketed so the fuel once in a great while engine was a good economic choice . 
  yep . 
  he only used it for netflix ( non hd ) and music, 
  but its reliable ... and compadable with pretty much all phones ... 
  happened to us once . 
  we went with colson wheels this year . 
  its mostly hydrogen ... 
  as a company they are entitled to make people think that . 
  exactly !, 
  and you are one of the smarter who can . 
  this is aimed at the people who ca n't and i feel that it is fine to do that . 
  the game is 720p even in single player but it does n't look it . 
  the way it is set up it hides it pretty well . 
  not many edges for it to show up on . 
  how did you get the n64 version of re2 to work ? 
  it never does for me . 
  i just wrapped the grounds together with solder, 
  thank you  note the solder wire is connecting the ground . 
  the whole plug thing is a few bits from a broken vcr . 
  it truely is art . 
  i am proud of you . 
  i have like 5 . 
  it is way more of a pain to access your drives then it needs to be . 
  its like they hide your files . 
  i do n't want my choices of program square 1,2,3 or 4 . 
  i want to be able to get to my computer . 
  i have n't tried that . 
  how did you come across this ? 
  i know but sometimes i have a really long and not that unique file name and i do n't feel like typing out like 20 characters, 
  my keyboard does n't have the windows key so that doesnt work . 
  but i have a lot of files that are just numbers ... 
  i know them by the thumbnails, 
  i have over a hundred hours on fonv, 
  why ? 
  i am very vigilant and not an idiot . 
  i only use it when i see an infection . 
  i am the bear to my girlfriend . 
  can confirm that it is awesome . 
  i am actually called bearbear , 
  we were in the japenese import store in down town princeton nj and she spotted rilakkuma themed merchandice and plushies . 
  after a while she had proclaimed that the doll represented me in the snuggly factor and she called me bearbear . 
  but if it works there will be no breeding ... 
  i concure . 
  but the pentium 4 ht was n't even that slow . . 
  owb is more silly then anything else . 
  really well done and excellently done but silly . 
  god i love muggy . 
  but i like it . . :(, 
  my grandpa is older then that . . 
  why its a default is beyond me ... 
  the touch pad is kinda epic . 
  it clicks !, 
  why yes it does get quite ... 
  warm . . 
  thanks for answering  i was never sure how i stacked up . 
  thanks man  i paid under 300 until i got my monitor . 
  ( now i have 2 one of which i got for 13 bucks 22 '' ), 
  that feature added like 100 bucks to the price . 
  yep the original had both the ps2 cpu and gpu for backward compatibility the next one only had the gpu inside . 
  it emulate the cpu . 
  was most likely my dad . 
  he had that and the legend of zelda . 
  the amount of garbage the navy makes is nothing compared to people on land who throw it in, 
  never had a problem . 
  again what i had on hand . 
  i used a 3foot ethernet cord , and phone line . 
  did n't even solder together , just twisted and tape .
