  it 's my comment no matter what these tumblrinas have to say . 
  probably more then new jersey, 
  those few hundred feet from the river is quite nice . 
  you know , from the train station to the ship and the aquarium . 
  they are , but they also carry 110 volts to 120 volts , not the 220 you have . 
  we do have 220 volts for big things ( dryers and refrigerators and stuff ) and those plugs are much more similar to your plugs . 
  another reason that we have flimsier plugs is we standardized electricity first . 
  while being first is cool , it also means we get stuck with older standards . 
  such as polerized outlets started to appear in the 1920 's but nothing had polerized plugs until the late 70s . 
  many things still dont infact . 
  ok , i can be incoherent sometimes , but did you have a stroke ? 
  wot ... ? 
  static means it doesnt change . 
  and if you know how to port forward you should know how to make your ip static . 
  it is like that here too , verizon and optimum ( a sub of twc ) . 
  some areas nearby have 3 , optimum , verizon , or comcast . 
  i know , but you should know how to make your ip static . 
  its in control panel < networking < adaptersettings < ipv4 properties, 
  in all seriousness how the hell can companies ( some of which are just starting out and tight in funds ) pay for an employee to be out for months and pay their wages ? 
  as someone who might want to start a business one day that scares me that if i hire a woman ( or a man if paternity leave is also mandated ) that they can make a life changing decision and have the business finance it , and have it be illegal to fire them . 
  the company did n't ask for this expense with no return , especially on an employee who most likely will not be with the company for more then 5 years . 
  i know it 's not a break from working for the employee , but it is a period of no gain for the employer . 
  they were hired to help the employer , not to create jobs to make everyone smile . 
  if they were hired to just make jobs then it would be funded by the government ( not that there is anything wrong with making jobs for jobs sake , but you ca n't pretend that the private sector does this to make it all work out ) . 
  yes we should fight for their rights , but not fight to give them more then anyone else . 
  that is the real problem . 
  liberals are trying to strip what the rich have away , and conservatives are trying to pile on more then they deserve . 
  there is no middle ground . 
  and about those companies that are just starting out where the owner makes less then minimum wage due to all the money going back into the business . 
  you know those people who live in the apartment above the store they own trying to scrape a living . 
  i do n't want to discourage small businesses from growing . 
  the more small businesses , the more local jobs and money , the less of those huge powerful ceo 's you mentioned . 
  i have a very hard time seeing that pass . 
  ah you are implying that i am sexist , well that is why i put the paternity leave bit in . 
  if a business owner hired a man who had a pregnant girlfriend then had to take paternity leave it would be no different so there is that . 
  also if the business is small and local , then the several months of paying for no work might tank the company , especially if times are tough or multiple employees do it at once . 
  upset employees  bankruptcy and no employees, 
  with the price of living of north jersey and the average income of the deep south its not the best place to settle down anyway . 
  * cough * bush jr. * cough *, 
  on one hand i want this , and on the other i wan na give jon a break , he is a awful swell guy, 
  that 's nice . 
  so what that labor has been undervalued for decades . 
  that fact does n't fix the problem that it is undervalued and it is very hard to make it worth more without seriously upsetting the economy . 
  it 's not his fault that in the last 40 yeats that 's how the economy shifted . 
  it wo n't magically be ok , the economy grew to that point over decades and it wo n't fix itself quick . 
  one of those hats with the sticker . 
  or wearing basketball shoes . 
  academics ? 
  acting ? 
  music ?!, 
  what state did you go to school in ? 
  do n't just old people are people too ! / s, 
  usps is actually really good . 
  please pick a different government run thing to pick on . 
  ( here is a hint , all of the ones besides usps ), 
  as someone who wants to get into it and i feel i know quite a bit , and this makes me mad . 
  new jersey . 
  academics were mainly ok , but acting was totally a weird thing . 
  why not , cars are bigger and tend to be harder then human bodies . 
  plus worth more . 
  well thats dumb, 
  its the future man, 
  well i love soda . 
  i love regular soda bit drink diet so i do n't gain back the weight . 
  i love seltzer water the most , but coke , diet coke , pepsi , wildcherry pepsi , mt dew code red , and dr pepper are all awesome . 
  my parents are even worse . 
  6 + cans a day of diet coke . 
  each . 
  they have been doing it since the early 90s too . 
  bottom line , i love soda and it 's usually fine for you , but do n't be my parents . 
  you obviously have not fixed things for stupid people before . 
  the car that crashed head on looks like my car ... well now i know how it will do in a crash . . 
  this literally happened to me late june ... damnit, 
  i currently do . 
  at 180 miles ( 1/3 of a tank left ) i fill up , 
  found the californian . 
  i mean ... there are good reasons to do things and bad reasons ... and i feel conflicted by these . 
  plus he is sometimes educational , you know , when he doesnt try to fit things that dont fit . 
  ( * cough * scrapyard wars and that ghetto xeon cooler * cough * ), 
  yep i was there on vacation in july and the tour guide made the issue very very clear . 
  you can tell you are canadian due to you measuring the run in kelvin . 
  also being made fun of by people who have only been in the industrial center near the airport ( close to new york ) or near camden ( basically a slum of philly that has a river in the way ), 
  only the governor is corrupt . 
  and most other people who work in trenton , there are states that are worse then us . 
  i might just know the wrong people but i never hear this kind of story where everyone was straight . 
  it 's kind of comforting . 
  the water gap and the little towns on route 31 ( i think , i have family in glen gardener and it is beautiful up there ), 
  even worse, 
  wot ... not if the parents are citizens too . 
  says someone who does n't live in an infested area . 
  have you been in a poor neighborhood ? 
  just because '' the culture is different '' does n't make it destroyed . 
  it 's the influx of people with less money and education in large enough numbers to drive out businesses and jobs and that lowers the land property which attracts more . 
  the lower the land value the more crime and presto !, 
  neighborhood destroyed . 
  the fx4100 is not near the fx 6300 . 
  with it i can play gta v on high at 55fps usually . 
  ( with a 970 ) that said i hope it doesnt bottle neck it too much, 
  only if you are in a safe area with cops with a huge budget and no crime to stop . 
  there is a reason i made sure my volvo was pre 1994 .
