  model m 's are not that expensive . 
  the solder that held it together . 
  damn it lead !, 
  why are you so useful yet so unhealthy . 
  should n't people not be picked on for wanting to be with their own kind . 
  you do n't yell at hispanics for wanting to live with other hispanics . 
  why yell at white people if they want to live with other white people ? 
  i do not feel that you and anyone with your ideals have the right to decide how `` diverse '' an area has to be . 
  if i want to move to an area with people like me , because humans are very fond of being with people they are similar to , then i will do it and it is anyone and everyone 's right to be able to do that without judgment . 
  now a mentor of my old team 2495 . 
  i just found last month a ibm pc xt , no pariphrals though . 
  what is the difference between a model m and a ssk ? 
  the lack of number pad ? 
  yep my fx6300 runs cold as ice all the time . 
  makes sense . 
  i have 2 of the full sized model m 's , a 1993 and a 1996 and i love them both . 
  the number pad is a very nessacary part feature for me . 
  i have that exact volvo . 
  i love it . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  the american people do these things to show that they love america and the ideals that it was founded on . 
  not the people who run it or the military or anything else . 
  so it ca n't be a bad thing for everyone to reflect on that . 
  plus i think that a lot of the weird things you describe are a hold over from the cold war to make little nationalist children to be resilient against russian propaganda and all those children are adults now and make the rules . 
  it 's safer due to people usually smoking less of it . 
  people can go through a pack or more a day of tobacco , not so much with marijuana . 
  see !, 
  they ruined everything !, 
  really ? 
  i have been having a bad experience with their cd-r 's . 
  they fail more then the memorex . 
  2015 last time i checked . 
  i got a pentium 4 system for free and i might be able to get it to run fallout 3 for my dad . 
  done it before . 
  turned out better then expected actually , its a later model . 
  the 3.00 ghz hyperthreaded one , paired with 2 gb of higher end ddr2 ram . 
  i just need to get a 2008 video card from my spares pile . 
  thanks !, 
  i found 2 of them at the community e-waste center a few months ago . 
  ( well i found 4 , but only 2 worked , extra keys and casings though to keep the 2 working ones running ), 
  not usually , some did , but i did n't have a cable select cable . 
  ( they are slightly different ), 
  keyword here is servers . 
  workstations might have ide drives . 
  if the computers dont have to do a lot of real number crunching , why upgrade ? 
  servers always have to be fast and reliable . 
  im talking about computers that are in use at smaller companies ( and cheap companies ) a lot of small ones are still rocking 2005 dells and i know for a fact that a lot of bigger companies have not switched over to ssd 's . 
  even though they should have . 
  yea , and i 'm in central nj, 
  my little brother has a qx6700 and a gtx 460 , do you think he could run it ? 
  hey i had one . 
  it was awesome , went well with my fx-6300, 
  it is apparently a bit faster then the 550 ti , but half the v ram , im assuming thats the bottle neck here . 
  i 'm hoping he can squeeze by . 
  that computer cost like 100 bucks and if he can play fallout 4 on it them we probably wo n't need to spend more money on a gaming rig for him for another year . 
  he is playing mad max on it fine currently . 
  no , only the middle smoke stack , ( the smallest one ) could have smoke . 
  even coal power plants produce tones of steam and releases it via cooling towers . 
  he will most likely not go down in history as the worse president ever and he seems preferable to any of the other republican choices . 
  will i vote for him ? 
  no , will i be upset if he wins , not particularly, 
  i dont need to do that in my car !, 
  exhuast leaks are nature 's noise makers . 
  does it taste like your medicine ? 
  more like a month after you ask for treatment . 
  lucky . 
  i 'm american and like that taste . 
  yep  i found it 2 months ago . 
  that is semi-recent . 
  in the grand scheme of things, 
  hey !, 
  those places also have white trash and other not so nice people . 
  hate all of them , dont pick and choose colors . 
  it was n't as big of an issue when these policies were set up . 
  not saying that it should n't change , i 'm saying that 's why it 's like that now . 
  change is slow in the business world . 
  you ca n't control your guests doing either . 
  it sounds like someone saying `` what the fuck ? '', 
  thats the context it is used in as well . 
  jeez , its not super evil . 
  i do n't smoke , but its not the worse thing people could do , especially if they dont over do it or litter . 
  my dad uses a logic branded one ( it is the size of a normal cigarette ) he refills with the liquid instead of buying the cartridges . 
  you ca n't even notice that he is using it , bigger set ups ( and ones that create a huge amount of vapor ) are the annoying ones . 
  how the hell would you cap that as is ? 
  buring that spout is probably better for the enviroment . 
  if you thought that was wasteful then do n't look into how much stuff is wasted on the industrial scale . 
  eh , i 've been single for 3 months now and i really do n't like it . 
  i need someone to cuddle goddammit . 
  as a person from new jersey , i approve . 
  but the us polices the world . 
  thats expensive . 
  also they are smaller . 
  its cheaper to run . 
  its easier to make a small area nice while not spending a lot of money on the neighboorhood then trying to keep a larger country going while preventing the world from going to shit .
