  free netflix , no one gets hurt . 
  well if you think talking to your kid is a punishment to you then you probably should n't be a father/mother . 
  yes and no ( my father uses one ) some places can be stingy , but if you point out that it 's not real they will usually give up . 
  its not against the rules . 
  good thing my walls are ivory !, 
  the 64 is only 30 bucks . 
  ok then . 
  boy you sure are defensive . 
  ah i see what you did there !, 
  i want who ever said that to be soaked in gasoline in front of their so and/or patents and burned alive . 
  twice . 
  well a pentium 4 is n't slow if you treat it right . 
  my penis, 
  ... and it 's a lesbian with mental problems . 
  yep kid at my school has leukemia and was a prick before and after he was diagnosed . 
  when they went around for donations little money was given because everyone agreed he was an ass . 
  what !?!? 
  they cut off the toes ? 
  i have had 3 declawed cats over the years and they had all their toes !, 
  yep . 
  i saved up to get a game and watch remake . 
  it is now , 
  look at my username , 
  [ ] ( / cwolf ), 
  kyle is that you ? 
  nice to see you again . 
  i frequent here a lot . 
  are they mostly the same battery ? 
  are they the same for laptops ? 
  let me see that camera, 
  my aunt is quite computer literate but got her email back in the mid 90 's . 
  could n't change it because of work . 
  perfect !, 
  haven city . 
  muthafuckin flying cars !, 
  they had bad frame rate sometimes in the ps2 . 
  but they were my favorite games of all time , 
  i bet you ate from a flat/square state or some other hell hole . 
  why ? 
  text too small . 
  nope , just a liberal circlejerk . 
  what game ? 
  i still ca n't beat the underport in jak 2 without help . 
  and its not even a boss !, 
  the fact that different time periods ( while the world was developing , mid 1800-present ) had different types of `` magic '' that the general public thought of as mystic or could do more then it can . 
  such as electricity , chemistry , and genetics . 
  a duck . 
  i would become a counselor . 
  i gag a bit but i 'm trying to get over it , i understand to an extent , but do n't expect something if you ar n't even willing to try . 
  whatever you do , arson is not the answer , 
  remember arson is not the answer ... 
  you really are , 
  weird , usually i 'm the opposite . 
  id build a gaming computer , treat my girlfriend , my immediate family , and i to a great vacation . 
  buy a house on the river . 
  and curse the government for taking 40 % of it . 
  i love the sight of smoke coming out of a pipe or chimney . 
  eating out my gf . 
  i hate my gag reflex ... and so does she, 
  its damn hot in this basement . 
  * holds up mustard bottle *, 
  yep . 
  i have a super sensitive gag reflex too . 
  it got better but still . 
  grade 7 or 8 i would literally be throwing up every day on my way to the bus stop from my breakfast . 
  a back rub and snuggles , 
  settle in the suburbs and have a few kids , 
  drink the sea by the glitch mob, 
  its good to sweat . 
  it makes you feel good and accomplished . 
  it does n't smell unless you let it linger . 
  i was beaten to death with my own skull, 
  i store a large amount of my body fat in my breast area . 
  it sucks because i 'm a dude . 
  favorite game as a kid . 
  no , no they do n't . 
  i want to cut mine off with a saw . 
  id set a metric shit ton of fires , with everyone cleared out that is . 
  i could n't deal with hurting people , just lots of damage . 
  i texted him under a diffrent number and worked stuff out . 
  he does n't bother me or my friends anymore . 
  but their food is great , i 've never had a bad experience there and all the employees seen content . 
  so what that is run by a `` bigot '' they provide an excellent service . 
  i 'm glad they are based on the earlier ones . 
  much better then trying to tie in 4-6, 
  burn her house down ... , 
  dos box, 
  new jersey is awsome ... besides all the people . 
  you are adding to the anntena , you also work as one . 
  well if he was 12 in 05 then he would be 20 now , or he could be a teen now . 
  i sat there for a while waiting for it to start :(, 
  outlook, 
  nignigs !, 
  use it, 
  your not missing much . 
  the piss version is better . 
  how ? 
  five guys are pretty epic, 
  i just assume they are all bi . 
  it makes the world like the very beginning or a promo all the time .
