  the rich in my username refers to my real name . 
  not our team . 
  we have 3 teams in out district and enough district support for only one and it has to be equal so each team gets 1/3 of what they should get . 
  how do you guys do it ?!, 
  we are 08 too and we do n't have the tax break info so no companies will donate to us ... 
  the distrect wont let us have one team , its all three or nothing, 
  i tried putty , it lost the connection and when i returned to the laptop , the screen was a solid white . 
  funnily enough i had windows on it before and i even got it to play games ( fallout new vegas on low ), 
  are you on team 2495 with me ? 
  because that is exactly what happened . 
  our teacher is n't the most reliable either . 
  you assume they care enough to come out to one . 
  john , you are amazing and i hope that one day you will get to do these videos in fallout 4 . 
  for weeks 1-4 we had 3 mentors ... then they left . 
  taking all their half formed plans with them . 
  1 mentor replaced them and we have a robot that basically has 2 weeks to come into existence . 
  did this with 2 phone lines to make a full 8 wire cat5 ... it 's about 30 feet and has been in constant use for more then a year ... and with no soldering in there . 
  there we go . 
  yep . 
  it 's connecting a ghetto samba server to the network . 
  yah ... no its not . . 
  all in one computers . 
  so pointless, 
  yay frc team 2495 here . 
  i 've never used tab , ever . 
  this is way better, 
  but la was in fallout 1 and is canon . 
  it was a collection of settlements known as the boneyard . 
  the us has a lot of refineries , and its expensive to make new ones . 
  not for the cost of building but the envirmental regulations are very high to have a modern oil refinerary . 
  the us mainly has one from before all the regulations came into effect , so there are still a lot there . 
  your school can afford pcs with non-intergrated graphics ? 
  lucky . 
  ours are integrated for even the cad computers . 
  you see , we got aio 's for out cad room !!!, 
  in 2013 ... before that we were using pentium 4 2.8 ghz 256 mb of ram 40gb hdd dells ... for cad !, 
  they should you know ... flip that around, 
  but way better then dedicated . 
  i 'm pretty sure the integrated on these ones was intel 2000 graphics , or 2500 . 
  which ever is recent . 
  you are one of my favorite youtubers because you are so active with your fans and such . 
  i am anxiously awaiting this sundays yolo dlc run . 
  and do the amount of side missions he did ? 
  i watched it , he did a huge number of quests , including all of jacobs town , and most of the companion quests in full . 
  for the most part he got the companion , sent them to the lucky 38 , then did the missions . 
  i 've seen them go for as low as 80, 
  all the stuff on circlejerk, 
  he did n't deliver letters . 
  middle new jersey . 
  i 've gotten one at a flea market that was busted , but fixable ( the usb ports were busted and it was full of dust ) for 18 bucks . 
  i use it about once a month still . 
  this is very true about the north . 
  this is the most accurate thing i 've heard all day, 
  hey jon , do you work , and if you do then how much time do you put into the videos including editing ? 
  your editing is excellent and it must take up a huge chunk of your time doing these videos . 
  crt monitor would work wonders , however it would only look good on a crt tv , if you did use a monitor then set your base resolution to 800x600 . 
  it will look much better , however , they look best on a old tv . 
  you can i 'd your video card and tv support s video . 
  also , if you can dig up an old video card with component out as a secondary . 
  a crt monitor would be very good too , but you have to turn the resolution of every thing down to get the desired effect . 
  wow , i did n't know that . 
  thank you for putting as much time in as you do !, 
  start lots of fires at places i do n't like, 
  the whole menu system and non-pausing inventory system were what broke the game for me and i felt betrayed , didnt get too far into it because it was unplayable due to that . 
  the multiplayer still stands up after all this time too . 
  if you havent played fallout , then play fallout . 
  it is literally my favorite game series ever . 
  yes you should get it , however the ps3 version is a bit buggy ( well the game is in general , but the ps3 is the worst out of all the versions . 
  still very playable though , just save often ) id recommend the pc version if you have a halfway modern pc . 
  the ps3 version suffered from running out of memory and crashing , you would have to save and walk out and back into a loading zone periodicly . 
  the fact that you couldnt run and change weapons ruined that who breaking up the action for me though , like i would get stuck in a corner and then have to fluster with the controls for changing guns as i was getting pummled and having to stay still . 
  i have a wii u , bring it on !, 
  well interplay went under , thats why , bethesda is doing well , yet also needs to release games to stay afloat . 
  they cost less and that means less $ for the state and the cigarette companies might be giving $ $ $ to have them ban it . 
  1 7 dollar bottle of juice lasts as long as a 75 dollar carton oc cigarettes . 
  they could just check the daylights savings time clocks on the dam !, 
  just watch out for the white legs !, 
  a very well done game series in a post apocalyptic american that is infused with humor , 1950 's culture , and futuristic technology . 
  oh neither have i. 
  my home state of new jersey is quite a bit a ways from utah . 
  but in 2077 it wont matter anymore, 
  this is the content i want from this sub , 
  so ... water is heavy and what do you use to flush with ? 
  there was water in there too . 
  water is heavy you know . 
  water is heavy you know . 
  i hope you are trolling . 
  water is heavy as shit . 
  how heavy is a gallon of milk ? 
  heavy huh ? 
  milk is mostly water and water will weigh similar . 
  dat 1.3 ghz . 
  ah they are playing the long con . 
  making really cool , high bandwidth products in order to make a demand for google fiber !, 
  my favorite people on the youtube . 
  infamous was n't lagging for me : / , it runs well and looks beautiful considering hardware, 
  ie 6 was good , in 2001 or whenever it was packaged with xp and it was never updated until 2006 ... 
  i noticed that fallout 3 ran worse through the new vegas engine . 
  downtown dc looked way worse through nv then vannila . 
  wow .
