  please . 
  no clue i broke up with my first gf when i found out she was crazy . 
  but my friends said they like it . 
  sounds like something i would do . 
  was the person who caught you a really old librarian ? 
  funny with this logic i should be swarming with girls 0_0, 
  qat is a type of shrub . 
  do what you 're doing only better, 
  freckles and an adorable face , the eyes matter a lot . 
  the hair as well , it has to flow . 
  short hair on a girl annoys the shit out of me . 
  fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger fredfred burger yes !!, 
  i want a t-shirt made that says `` auto erotica asphyxiation '' in white letters on a black t-shirt . 
  i just want to see how many people react , 
  do n't do it man , who knows you might be the guy to cure cancer one day , even if it is a distant one . 
  me too !, 
  people say i look mad though and i ca n't explain it . 
  you summed it up perfctly !, 
  not true, 
  i think that there are more then 34k retarded people on facebook, 
  saw this a while ago, 
  got ta get me one too !, 
  you are cute, 
  i hear that !, 
  we need a male first world problems because that looks like a lesbian situation . 
  if it is thats fine but we need one regardless . 
  how did this get to the front page, 
  did that too . 
  i cremated it and gave it a proper funeral . 
  if anyone cares ill put up the video, 
  women, 
  thanks for it . 
  i forgot the name of the song !, 
  this scares me a bit . 
  got a girlfriend, 
  he is , yet he looks so mild mannered, 
  legos , we are all from the internet here you know how it will work, 
  cover the area around her door with legos super glued to the floor !, 
  on your last day anyway, 
  nj too what a coincident, 
  dumbo , several times a day for a while, 
  yes !, 
  anyone named madison has to be cute-hot, 
  just about to say that, 
  jimmy carr, 
  mitch hedburg, 
  life, 
  she will get pregnant , have a baby , the father will leave , she will be abusive the the kid , he will grow up to be the mugger . 
  in that case i am a fucking rockstar !!!, 
  at which station will you be boarding this so called karma trains and how much are tickets, 
  its kinda good to see a gay guy vs a gay girl on reddit . 
  there is an unbalance, 
  would n't happen to a nokia, 
  any statement i find positive i try to up vote it , even if it is real life . 
  its kinda sad, 
  remindes me of the grand canyon . 
  it looked a similar , but without the trees, 
  should have his own show, 
  laughed a bit too hard at this and can see it being published, 
  i do n't know the ratio of men with it done to men without it done . 
  i am complete but i thought it was the norm to be cut . 
  give the cops a brake , the local dunkin donuts probably shut down and they needed to take out his anger, 
  cracker, 
  shithead actual name, 
  i brused a bone trying to dance . 
  i 'm white . 
  i was alone too . 
  i thought we all started like this, 
  fapping, 
  i am one and i agree . 
  95 % of my school are dumbfucks but haley , madison , and stephany are hot dumbfucks !, 
  or on weekends and holidays and all throughout may . 
  and you will always be wrong no mater what you say !, 
  carefully, 
  this is why men are somewhat afraid of women , until boobies that is, 
  love that movie, 
  nice lines, 
  little brother does n't have restrictions , acts like a little shit , and stays up till two am every night . 
  for me 10 bedtime . 
  ok idea , needs more work putting it in order . 
  and the second to last panel was just bad, 
  i recommend switching to unleaded, 
  what town is it, 
  you are beautiful . 
  and your hair too, 
  yes land before time !, 
  oh and the little toaster, 
  be me, 
  nice $ 50 - $ 100, 
  nice, 
  feel flattered , but stop there . 
  yes, 
  fuckin sexy as hell , you post to gone wild ? 
  yes i was at a pool yesterday and i heard it, 
  12 times, 
  me too, 
  aw man i let some ectoplasm loose, 
  i like how you put a link to his website and gave him the credit, 
  and steal my car , and rob a liquor store, 
  you are fucking stupid .
