  yes i have . 
  that was a solution for like a good 4 months . 
  pure lead wouldnt actually do much . 
  solid lead isnt able to be absorbed that well . 
  not safety hazards if you do n't have exposed metal between the spokes . 
  european plugs are a bit overkill, 
  eh , some hp laser printers are my friend . 
  laser only , ink jet can go die in a fire . 
  it is n't significant if the car is less then 1000 dollars  there are good cars out there for that , just have to look . 
  did n't say they would last you over a decade . 
  i like buying cars , so it 's a fun , and often experience . 
  less than includes 400 dollar cars , which i see on cl sometimes in ok shape . 
  yes , but at 1k , you will not probably be paying it off forever , and you could probably sell it ( at worse depreciation ) for at least half what you paid . 
  my job is about 30-45 minutes from my house , and 25-30 minutes from my community college . 
  so it is n't weird for me to spend like 1.5 hours driving a day , going over 60 miles . 
  that 's why you get a 500 car and limp it along for as long as you can . 
  also helps if you are the master of duct tape and wd40, 
  the battery is really easy to change on a 4s with a kit that costs less then 12 bucks . 
  you can never forget zipties , 
  actually , on the 4s , once you remove 2 proprietary screws , you do just pop off the back and take it out . 
  literally is hd . 
  he stole the idea for that name from a state . 
  it is completely possible to swing back democrat next election . 
  and thats the idea , congress is suppose to keep reins on the president to keep everything fair . 
  i like to impress strangers outside , why do you ask ? 
  this was a phone that came in from a customer that gave almost no details , did n't care about price , and hung up on me on purpose a few times in our phone calls . 
  he was pudgy and of middle eastern with a long straggly beard and hair . 
  no idea how this happened . 
  eh , he just seemed like a low class guy with too much money . 
  i though that , but it didnt go past the lcd . 
  the prize is i gave you a afternoon of childlike wonder trying to figure out what happened . 
  so are mine , all 6 of them ( 3 working ) . 
  the model m is still very nice to type on . 
  source : i wrote this with one . 
  i have some alps as well , they are alright , i like their sound , but they actuate too soon for me . 
  yep . 
  the phone is completely dead . 
  this one was repaired before . 
  they are not after being repaired . 
  my shop does n't do that . 
  i 'm paid 13.50 an hour and it 's not my responsibility . 
  drive one everyday . 
  will you be doing any other resident evil videos ? 
  i 'd love to see a play through of resident evil 0 . 
  it is one of my favorities and it is never mentioned . 
  oh , all apple computers are made in china . 
  `` designed in california , made in china '' is on the back of most apple products . 
  several helicopters wont make a dent in the environment . 
  do you have any idea how big the ocean is ? 
  a little bit bigger then that , but smaller then a real big airplane, 
  thugs that want to assert dominance usually grab someones arm like that to start some shit . 
  you ca n't be sure of someones intentions when that happens . 
  especially if the person that was grabbed was crazy as well . 
  i think it 's pretty great that you value the life of a criminal over your hard earned money and possessions and possibly even your family . 
  you obviously have n't been around mentally unstable people with knives . 
  it could be their first episode , or maybe they refuse treatment . 
  that is illogical . 
  the sun is too big . 
  look at you fancy euro types with your `` fuses '' in your plugs . 
  pff !, 
  something that old cant even stream from 94.5 fmpst.com and their top 40 hits !, 
  yea , 20f is n't cold . 
  i started middle school in 08, 
  you went to a galaxy s6 for a battery life improvement ? 
  something seems off . 
  the ipod classics were a fantastic product . 
  i 'd look into an older one if you are still in need of a music device . 
  i got an ipod photo ( late 4th gen , circa early 2005 ) 60 gb for 25 dollars with a replaced battery and i use a separate program to load it up without itunes . 
  no i mean the galaxy s6 did n't have steller battery life either . 
  some of us dont have a win key . 
  no , ibm model m , circa 1992 . 
  fucking casual , only one car rusting away ? 
  you need 5 , with 3 of them actually running and 1 with insurance . 
  that sounds scary as fuck actually . 
  what is that like ? 
  i 'm in college for computers , but im not really a software guy , but a hardware guy . 
  i thought i was really behind because i was struggling on the software side , as i felt hardware was the easy stuff and after that you moved to software . 
  nope , most of the people i talk to do n't know anything about the physical parts inside the magical coding box . 
  embrac ** e ** us . 
  outsourcing, 
  my town is hamilton nj , i thought we finally made the news . 
  ok , thanks !, 
  i did n't know that converter was a good one . 
  also , what modern key type is both clicky and loud ? 
  i 'm looking for something modern as well as my older stuff . 
  i 'm not opposed to non-cherry switches as well . 
  the ghetto of philly that has a river in the way ? 
  those cost more money then free . 
  i found like 4 model m 's ( 1987 , 1992 , 1993 , 1996 ) in a e-waste bin . 
  my friend has a 79 truck with 170,000 + miles on it ( odometer broke so its hard to tell ) and it still starts up every time . 
  i do n't know , if someone mugged me , id want them thrown off a bridge . 
  that is only because i live in a weak ass state without stand your ground laws . 
  personally , i value the life of a criminal less then my expired coupons in my wallet , never mind the money and id in there too . 
  if they feel that i am worth so much less then them that they will threaten me and take my stuff , then they are by extension worth so much less to me . 
  they started it , so i do n't feel for them at all . 
  as if 2gb of ram = broken for a pos machine . 
  why is the date at the top 2096 ? 
  i know i love myself a german accent . 
  something about old hardware is really neat . 
  you are seeing what was possible at the time and how far we have come .
