  they were not filming a dog and horse fight , they were filming a `` holy shit , look at this dumb ass dog that wont quit when there is no chance for it to win ! '', 
  like seeing a squirrel attack a moving truck tire and wondering what is going through its mind . 
  highest quality of life for those who live there . 
  mainly dutch people . 
  by getting hit ? 
  do n't think so . 
  then why are there perfectly nice and friendly pitbulls ? 
  its how they were raised . 
  what would your steps be to step in and fix it ? 
  ive known dogs that would go nuts on other living things before and i would n't try to save a dog ( or a person ) who was picking a fight they obviously could n't win , ( however if i had a personal connection it might be different , but the owner of the horse obviously did n't have a connection to the dog ) . 
  electric trucks ... yah ... the energy density , safety , and portability of diesel fuel will keep it in use for decades to come . 
  also electric trains are really inefficient when there is n't another stop for 500 miles . 
  all the lost power from the lines keeping the whole way electrified wastes a whole lot of power and would be worse then keeping diesel trains . 
  yep , for those people it is cut down some trees to get a farm going , or starve . 
  the rainforest just happens to be in the way of a fast growing population . 
  that makes sense . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  a mean dog . 
  if you saw an isis fighter get into a fight with a bear would you rush in to help it ? 
  maybe there were reasons why it is mean ( previous abuses or mental handicaps ) but you wo n't run into save it . 
  same here . 
  bigger area needs more lines . 
  also our system was made a a monopoly from the beginning . 
  having a new technology first means that we are stuck with a lot of grandfathered in bullshit . 
  it 's just affordable enough for enough people to be able to afford it so there is no major discontent . 
  a lot of people play games with a lot of hand holding . 
  play any shooter that is modern . 
  there is nothing to learn or remember . 
  if you come from only playing those then fallout 3 is hard . 
  thrown onto the river . 
  i could totally see me doing that . 
  eh , my family buys 1 ply so i dont care too much . 
  6 years ago was 2009 ... they will run windows 10 and chrome fine . . 
  you buy 2, 
  only the bits by nyc and philly smell , because of them . 
  233mhz ? 
  shit that was still current-ish in 2001 . 
  i remember i got that song on itunes when it was a new untested song and was on the daily free song list to get exposure . 
  best 0.00 i 've ever spent . 
  92 here , yep . 
  flash drive with all my songs . 
  ps2 third person games were pretty damn great . 
  the fucking lack of checkpoints in jak 2 !!!!!, 
  heavy overkill ? 
  yes . 
  unaffordable/unattainable ? 
  nope . 
  it is $ 175 for 32 gb of ram . 
  it cost around $ 400 for 16 mb of ram in 1995 . 
  it is considered hippy bean paste here, 
  https://firstlookthencook.files.wordpress.com/2010/02/curry-dip.jpg this is the only curry i 've seen . 
  it 's for hippies and vegetarians . 
  dominoes is a crime here in new jersey . 
  there are so many fantastic mom and pop pizza shops that have good pricing that there is no reason to go to a chain place . 
  my friend got 20k when he turned 18 . 
  his family was struggling a bit and he had no car or college plans . 
  he bought a used truck for 4500 , but did n't get a license so it sat there . 
  he managed to spend the rest on random crap within 7 months . 
  every other day was $ 300 here , $ 50 there at walmart or the army surplus store . 
  he ran out of money and traded the truck for $ 2000 ( in installments from a shady family member who still owes him most of it ) and a different truck that is bearly worth $ 700 . 
  still no license , or money for insurance , or college or a job . 
  he is one of my best friends but money management is n't his strong suit . 
  it 's really impressive on how they were able to impoverish rural backwoods china without even being there . 
  takes some real skills . 
  you think any resources ever reached those villages in the middle of china ? 
  those villages have n't been touched by any governmental forces in thousands of years . 
  it is the chinese government that ignores them . 
  no matter what you do , use a microsd card to memory stick adapter . 
  there are even ones that combine 2 microsd cards to one memory stick . 
  they are awesome . 
  you sir have not had an oled display then . 
  that 's a good number . 
  i really hope you have intel as a sponsor , otherwise that would be a waste . 
  recent alumni of 2495 here . 
  what about cheap smartwatches that just tell the time , weather , and missed messages ? 
  like pebble or something . 
  my ex loved that show . 
  i am very thankful for all the commercial breaks  . 
  i thought i was the only one . 
  i kinda like it ... ^ goodmorning, 
  i love teen titans go . 
  i knew people who went nuts for the first series and put me off it . 
  teen titans go is fun and free . 
  plus very satirical . 
  many a true nerd and his fallout 3 kill everything and you only live once fallout new vegas runs . 
  ashens, 
  it 's legal in the states if it 's just paper ads not in magazines or newspapers . 
  but he knows what he wants to buy and as a consumer that 's all that matters . 
  it 's not his job to justify the prices of goods he wants . 
  it 's his job to decide if it is worth his time to buy the goods at that price point . 
  people can be mildly infuriated by the price of gasoline without knowing or caring about the technology and politics behind it . 
  he can be as mildly infuriated as wants , maybe not justifiable to you perhaps , but that 's not his problem as the consumer . 
  that 's the problem of the seller of the goods . 
  why ca n't you be angry about something that is unjustifiable ? 
  millions of people do it everyday and they ca n't all be wrong . 
  you ca n't be angry at a storm destroying your property because there was nothing to do to prevent it ? 
  i bet most people would go `` welp , ca n't be mad . 
  mother nature wanted it to be like this '' and happily picks up the shattered bits of their home and livelihood . 
  . . we have really cheap gas . 
  it 's no extra cost really to the consumer .
