  this happens everytime i try to play basketball . 
  fuck basketball . 
  and trenton is n't very nice . 
  i like less then a mile from the legal boundary so stuff leaks out from time to time . 
  never had a drink , and neither have a good chunk of my friends . 
  age 18 . 
  my town is named hamilton so i was very confused at first . 
  here in nj , we have to recycle . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is handled by the state and is collected similar to garbage . 
  noted . 
  galaxy s5 with a 40 dollar extended battery , i get 2-3 days per charge , all features on . 
  the galaxy s5 has a bunch of aftermarket batteries that extend the battery life to days . 
  currently have one i picked up for 40 bucks . 
  the price even went down !, 
  this one seems to drive , not sure if the disney ones do . 
  what game is this ? 
  it was set up in the us first . 
  so ... we get legacy rules , pricing , and the `` it 's better then dialup '' mentality . 
  i harvest my words by hand from my local ghetto . 
  i mean . . there are scan lines . 
  that is pretty set in stone . 
  one vacuum tube = / bit, 
  run disk utility , then run verify permissions , and when it finds conflicts , click the button to the right that says fix permissions . 
  it will take a while , but it works wonders . 
  repeat a few times until it stops finding permission conflicts . 
  i mean yea , its just waves . 
  i work in a computer repair shop . 
  ive seen it fuck up in ways that i havent seen since vista . 
  i use it , but i still miss 7 and i kinda regret it . 
  nah , some of that smoke is also from cigarettes . 
  it would n't work . 
  you need 2 of the same card . 
  30 minutes on the dot by car ( 17 miles ) . 
  this is my first job , and it is seen as a fairly long , but not unreasonable commute . 
  i make 12 dollars an hour , with my co-workers making 15 dollars an hour . 
  we work in a computer/phone repair store that is a small , relatively new business . 
  i do n't want me and my co-worker 's skills to be worth the same as someone who has no skills and my boss most likely will have to severely cut hours or lay someone off if we were paid more then what we are now . 
  this hurts people making 15 dollars an hour the most . 
  yes it does . 
  if ditch digging and it professionals are worth the same , something is fucked up . 
  where was this ? 
  because in a lot of places wild boar are considered invasive species and a big problem . 
  live right next to trenton , have family in lambertville and west windsor . 
  this map is very accurate . 
  live about a mile from the trenton-hamilton border . 
  its pretty bad , but literally 3 miles away there is no sign of it . 
  across the river !, 
  welcome to the waterfront !, 
  there is a battleship , an aquarium , a place for concerts , and for your convince here is a subsided train located 12 steps away that will take you here and back for $ 1.50 . 
  please dump money into the local economy !, 
  it honestly does n't look that bad . 
  that said , im from the area and there are worse places they could have used to make it look post-apocalyptic . 
  its just a bad part of philly that accidentally has a river running through it . 
  well it means that all the effort i have put into what i do means nothing . 
  i could have sat on my ass , and gotten a job as a clerk at a store for the same value . 
  i mean education wise . 
  i know the work is n't easy . 
  i have a friend who does nothing but eat mac n cheese and watch anime , and had since he graduated highschool ( bearly ) . 
  if he is able to go out there and find a job that pays the same as mine , one i 've worked twords , i 'll be pissed . 
  especially a job that does n't required special training . 
  i am very happy with my current job . 
  it 's just i 've worked hard to get there and i do n't want all my hard work to be for nothing when i could have waited like 2 years and gotten any job for the same effect . 
  wait . . you need a license plate light . . 
  huh , did n't know that little light was required . 
  til, 
  i 'd like it if a job that deserves more paid him what he deserves . 
  like if he learned a trade or some job that was physicially demanding and worth the 15 dollars an hour . 
  but , for him to be able to get up , get any job at all , and make that much is kind of a kick in the teeth to people who earn more then minimum wage now which will then be earning minimum wage . 
  no , but it should n't skyrocket to 15 dollars an hour . 
  i think 10 or 11 dollars an hour would not hurt as many businesses and be a bit gentler . 
  then set it to slowly raise up over the next several years . 
  15 dollars an hour is a good goal , but jumping to it from $ 8.38 is too drastic . 
  depending on the boss , the commute time , and requirements i just might . 
  if they work for it . 
  i mean mine works , but it is obvious that the one on my car was obviously a hastlely put on by the previous owner . 
  why should their time be worth the same as mine when i spent a lot of effort enriching the value of my man-hours of work ? 
  but ... what if they run out of money to pay for the employees ? 
  small businesses can have this problem . 
  at least think of all the virtual machines you can power through with that cpu . 
  harbor freight screwdrivers are some of the best i 've seen . 
  for less the a dollar for about 6 of them with a coupon , they have never broken when using them . 
  there other tools . . not so much , but there screwdrivers are great . 
  pintos were good except for the exploding . 
  i mean , you just did n't crash , or you got a rubber bladder for the gas tank . 
  ( which they had during safety testing , but was removed during production . 
  it did n't explode with the bladder installed ), 
  is n't that crazy . 
  a 79 could be considered classic now . 
  poor immigrants from south and central america are already christian , so they are not totally rejected by americans . 
  they also tend to not be too extreme and even when they are a bit much they stick to their own areas . 
  plus it 's not a new issue for the us . 
  not really gore . 
  ive had a rig like that for a long time no issues , not gore . 
  i have a 100 dollar confederate bill with a blood stain on it !, 
  i can get pics later if interested . 
  it 's 3 am here however and it 's behind some stuff in a old tackle box . 
  who is to say that a different country would be a better world police ? 
  the other countries itching to be the world police is russia then china might want to get in on the action . 
  would they create less collateral damage ? . 
  there are a whole lot of not very talented programmers who think they are awesome and deserve the best jobs .
