  good point !, 
  eh it was ok , but having both marcus ( yes the one from jacobstown ) and a albino deathclaw as companions is fun and badass . 
  no one got your reference :(, 
  currently in high school . 
  all of the bathrooms are locked except one . 
  for security reasons ... we have over 1000 kids . 
  it 's all because some ass hole ( in one woman 's bathroom ) wrote on the mirror in lipstick `` there is a bomb '' . this is a thing that happens every year to get out of class because of the 4 hour evacuation that happens afterwards . 
  3rd year in a row with only 1 bathroom . 
  about 8 days left . 
  no point anymore . 
  i mean i saw it as a funny collection on syllables, 
  simple , you take what you could carry , then leave the rest !, 
  it kills my framerate . 
  and i 'm running a gtx 970 . 
  id love to see a resident evil 4 playthrough . 
  i hear that jon knows that one well and i love it when he knows every aspect of a game . 
  honesty , with the ways that could have ended , that was quite mellow, 
  welcome to my central nj back yard, 
  play 3 first , or else you will be let down by it . 
  new vegas is better , and you will miss some features from it if you do 3 after it . 
  but if you play 3 first you wo n't miss those features and everything will be amazing , then you play new vegas and everything is amazinger, 
  kilometers suck compared to miles and we all know it . 
  do you even know how big a mile is ? 
  it is perfect . 
  but inrelation to human temps ? 
  0 is damn cold , 100 is damn hot . 
  it is best for measuring distances . 
  using kilometers makes everything sound farther away . 
  true , due to the distance being measured , those units would make no fucking sense . 
  if you metric system nuts would stop for a second to think , why the hell would anyone use lightyears to describe the distance to shoprite ? 
  by hot i mean , `` damn it 's hot today ! '', 
  not death . 
  talking about fahrenheit . 
  0 degrees f is pretty cold, 
  you had mandatory malaysian history class !? 
  if it will stop himself from hurting himself more and others as well then it is n't as bad . 
  also this is a confession bear , not i 'm making a good choice bear . 
  thank you for clarifying , i might also have the ebreak fixed ( its an automatic so its not top priority at the moment ) as well . 
  the car is pulsating when i stop , so yep :( . 
  i was very tempted to do it myself , but my whole family is telling me not to on account that it 's my first car and breaks are important . 
  i 'm the first one to attempt anything mechanical in my immediate family that was n't a lawn mower ( did my own oil change ) , but i can see where they are coming from . 
  i 'd also like to have the mechanic do a inspection of a few other things that i would n't even think to look at myself . 
  it 's a much cheaper mode of transportation . . and better for the environment . 
  that would make sense if amd did that ... only thing is they did n't . 
  they just ca n't seem to stop shooting themselves in the foot, 
  but clue was awesome ( at least the vhs/dvd release that included all of the endings ) . 
  and the same power ... 
  so as far as consumers are concerned , its the same chip . 
  i meant computing power . 
  the higher stock clocks are nice but that doesnt mean its a totally new product . 
  not enough to justify a new naming scheme that makes it seem like a more powerful product . 
  considering that the ps1 had a cpu that was 30 mhz and less the 1 mb of ram , it was pretty . 
  being near/accepting lesbians . 
  i support lgbt , but if i have to be physically near lesbians it freaks me out . 
  it makes me feel like a bigot , but i ca n't help it . 
  i support their rights !, 
  ( from far away ), 
  but detroit and other cities like that are not going to be abandoned due to lack of globalization due to the oil wars . 
  like gta : v ? 
  did they kill them ? 
  no did they die ? 
  yes !, 
  in south america they were pretty much thrown into the feilds with little regard to safety or health and most died within ten years . 
  south america is pretty inhospitable when you are not allowed to spend any of your time and resorces to self preservation . 
  i noped out when it said they devoted a lot of farmland to corn for ethanol . 
  the government wouldnt care about the people and their cars ... 
  the land would be put to use growing food . 
  also ethanol from corn is only economically feasible because of the corn subsidies . 
  if not for them it a net loss . 
  i do n't think bad of them , just i do wonder why they choose to spend so much money on something that hurts them . 
  i do n't actually care if people smoke , but it bothers me after they have a big health related issue that they continue to do it . 
  i fully endorse e-cigarettes , my dad does them and they not only save money , but do n't cause the direct damage smoking does . 
  i was about to mention the giver !, 
  also the hunger games series . 
  was really good until ... 55 % through the second book . 
  the third was awesome , except for the main plot and characters . 
  i liked the setting . 
  here on the east coast there is no lack of fresh water so me and my central jersey self will most likely be able to have beef for a long time coming , maybe not as often however . 
  shut up hippie . 
  we are talking real world solutions , not whole foods stock prices . 
  next lets stop all war because it is not a very efficient use of resources !, 
  genius !, 
  you seem to forget that we are dealing with humans , not things that cooperate . 
  yea , but that guy whos only goals in life are to steal things to get meth ... is he really worth fixing ? 
  i mean he could be a very productive part of society afterward , or he could turn around and do it again . 
  with the amount of people on the planet do you think we should worry about some of the dangerous , broken ones ? 
  its just buried , not like its gone forever . 
  if we ever need it we have shovels . 
  also meat eating and pollution . 
  i mean , that has been happening for all of human existance . 
  there are just more of us now . 
  and in my experience there are very few people who do n't like meat . 
  i was just broken up with my girlfriend of 2.5 years due to my own jealousy and i looked back upon it and i feel terrible . 
  so no i 'm not worth it , and i really hope i do n't get addicted to drugs and end up in that situation do i have to prove to someone that i am . 
  yes saltypotato , are you salty about it ? 
  i mean , it 's not . 
  but it 's not my job to fix such a complex situation that has been an issue in society for decades . 
  i 'm just some ass on the internet . 
  and apparently your life is rice . 
  you are in no position to judge me .
