  for my best friend 's birthday party ( 16th i think ) he invited a bunch of his other friends , but i did n't want to go because i was n't a fan of his other friends ( they could be assholes ) . 
  i made plans that day as an excuse . 
  i told him that me and my family would take him out for dinner to celebrate later in the week , so i did n't feel bad missing it . 
  no one showed up or even called to cancel ... 
  i felt like the worst friend ever . 
  how do you get the lighting in the game this good ? 
  i am running on ultra and it does n't look this nice . 
  is it a mod ? 
  more like deep freeze , its what my school uses and its awsome for stopping people from messing stuff up . 
  well it 's not active protection , and it does n't pretend to be , so you can still get viruses . 
  by only helps 30 % of the time do you mean it wo n't remove a lot of the viruses you come across ? 
  oh , how often do you update the definitions ? 
  oh and i use a linux live cd to go through and delete a majority of what 's left over after a scan . 
  i found a card like this !!!, 
  i found a smart phone submerged in a pond while fishing , ( it looked like it was submerged for several weeks ) , and i took out the sd card and kept it because those things are tanks . 
  when i tried it with a nook , the card damn near caught fire !, 
  1 ) that pond was full of mystery , i 'm sure there was a reason the phone was there . 
  ( i found a completely rusted together 5\u00a01/4 floppy drive only a half inch under the silt ), 
  2 ) i 'm sure the card worked fine , just it was upset i removed from the burial ground of its elders . 
  not yet , although on the 1 year anniversary of the day i shall return and deposit a diffrent wireless telephone as tribute . 
  fell in and was eaten by a rouge think pad, 
  that 's exactly why i thought the card world still work . 
  although i guess there is a difference between a wash cycle a several weeks in a pond . 
  not when you have people relying on you doing the job correct . 
  well , you would still lose . 
  just you also got a lesson out of it . 
  does n't even have to be that serious . 
  you just have to have the people who depend on the outcome of the task be irate and unreasonable . 
  which there is an abundance of those people . 
  the only part i truly felt bad for . . 
  that was me until i ran into a really cheap gtx 480 a few months ago . 
  the 480 ? 
  pretty well . 
  it was only 80 bucks so the price was n't bad . 
  i can play fallout on ultra no prob and with some enhancement mods . 
  hot though , it can reach 80c really fast , but it 's rated to go a little over 100c by the manufacturer . 
  also it 's kinda sweet just staying in your car . 
  it 's not required by the government , but of the state sets the limit at 21 they get federal funding for roads . 
  i just find it funny that none of the links work ... at all ... 
  well ... would a real criminal stop to think about the possible water damage ? 
  this was a successful show of what a criminal could do . 
  security has to be prepared for all types of attacks , not just the ones that are nice and do n't break things . 
  good job peeing guy . 
  you showed a flaw in their system . 
  well , a good portion of things that you see from that era is the good quality stuff , because it survived until now . 
  i am not disagreeing with you in general , but there was still products that had piss poor bild quality back then too . 
  i guess it would be . 
  but ... 
  if you are n't on any local records with a urine sample ... 
  the urine sample would contain dna . 
  so we are both right !, 
  but oh so fun !, 
  i would imagine in such a huge world that there would be quite a few bugs, 
  we just got better at writing shit down so we would n't forget the skills necessary to living and or creating tools . 
  as one of those people , its not that we do n't like the flavors of those foods , its that we like those flavors with ketchup . 
  but they do n't sell that , and you would get mean looks . 
  from people like you ... 
  anti-smell agents , like perfume , and non-natural soaps . 
  also makeup . 
  i saw it , kinda sucked . 
  zero story and super short . 
  well , the fact that everyone wo n't stop talking about them is a bit off putting . 
  what if he hated his mother in law ? 
  op is still an idiot because you should n't just say it like that . 
  i would assume that the smoking helps ... 
  it is a very effective medicine for several problems including stress related stuff . 
  besides the fact that it can kill you . 
  batman, 
  i use hammers . 
  literally the same keyboard i am using right now ... 
  i have one and i like it . 
  it was free though and i 'd never pay for one . 
  nope , 
  this is the way fights are suppose to happen . 
  those battery packs are the best thing to ever happen to my 3ds . 
  i read trampoline as tampon for some reason and was very confused . 
  to have their head blown off with multiple shotguns when they least expect it . 
  like at a rite-aid . 
  they make me uneasy for some reason . . 
  yes , and i have an irrational fear that they will steal my girlfriend from me as well . 
  i 'll see you, 
  my girlfriend was saying wee !!!!, 
  ( long story ) and requested to see if there was a wee subreddit ( most likely full of kids on slides saying wee !!! ) . 
  i saw this and responded . 
  it would be so satisfying to drench an assailant in gasoline and throw a match at them . 
  and what are you doing with your life that is different or better ? 
  i 'd like to hear your magical alternatives to this . 
  i got one of those original models from my friend super cheap . 
  still works great !, 
  i feel special , 
  yes !, 
  thinkpads are holy beings !, 
  like just this very afternoon me and my buddy ( 16 and 17 ) rode through the neighbor hood blasting butcher pete ( part 1 ) through my buddies bullhorn pa system in his car . 
  well if you miss 100 % of the shots you do n't take you will miss 0 shots . 
  i do n't like to miss so i count that as a win . 
  it just isnt you comedy style thats all, 
  my favorite album of all time . 
  being black . 
  the facial structure and skin tone combination turns me off like a light . 
  how is it racist to not be attracted to someone .
