  development of those older games could be more difficult , as they had less development tools and resources to work with . 
  imagine developing a game , line by line , without a way to test it live , with no internet to research . 
  then manage to fit an entire game into a few kilobytes . 
  do n't destroy the 486 . 
  there are not a ton left . 
  not that valuable , but enough to make keychains out of old celerons instead . 
  im about 4 miles outside trenton and the city was a wreck by 1968 . 
  the `` race riots '' killed the whole goddamn place . 
  i mean ... that was an option for decades ... 
  i heard that it was so that you can not use it plugged in , making it so that their `` clean '' wireless mouse would never be seen with a wire . 
  it just makes me really depressed . 
  ed-e for life !, 
  you hate dead money until the point where you beat it . 
  then you realize it was a fantastic experience , but not one you want to repeat . 
  why do you think depressed people should n't be allowed to take their own life ? 
  that 's their fucking right . 
  yea ... no . . looks like a pennsylvania driver got excited to me . 
  just pull up and open your window . 
  the attendant comes up and asks what grade gas , and card or cash . 
  you pay cash there from your car , and you pay after you fill up . 
  i 've never gone inside to pay for gas ever , and i do n't know how to do that . 
  whenever i get gas in other states i use card and pay at the pump . 
  usually there is a 5ish cent per gallon discount for paying in cash . 
  if you just start to fill up yourself , or tell the attendant that you will pump yourself most let you . 
  the only ones who give a fuss are the ones that bearly speak english and have been told to not let anyone touch the pumps . 
  well , if i die , i wo n't even notice . 
  so bring on the $ 900,000, 
  mine too !, 
  then he will ask to be on my shoulders and get mad when i have to take him off . 
  you and me would get along . 
  i do n't want to own a car with mandatory inspections , more complicated emissions then a simple cat and 1 o2 sensor , and that 's not completely un-square unless it lacks seatbelts . 
  i 'd say 3000 dollars is too much for either . 
  i 'd go early 2000s or late 90s . 
  you should be able to get the same or less miles for 1500 dollars on craigslist if you go a bit older . 
  i was looking for him !, 
  thanks !, 
  how many miles are you looking at per year ? 
  lots of options if gas milage is n't a concern . 
  1970s or 1980s chevy c10 . 
  parts are super cheap . 
  nothing in them , so nothing to break . 
  super easy to work on . 
  can probably find an ok one from $ 500 to $ 1500 dollars . 
  or this . 
  needs brake lines , and possibly a seat . 
  but for under a grand + being really solid trucks you can see why i 'm saying this . 
  however , prepare for 10 mpg . 
  do n't you have to be pretty first ? 
  there might be a age limit to emissions . 
  i know it is common to have the cut off at 1975 , when catalytic converters became mandatory . 
  try looking for a 1974 . 
  yep , no problem . 
  there should be a lot available 1983 and before that should be good . 
  here in nj no inspections at all pre-1995 . 
  boring , slow , reliable , cheap , safe . 
  perfect for a new driver . 
  plus you can feel like you are racing everywhere due to having to go up to 3500rpm in 3rd gear to keep up with traffic . 
  my first car and it was a great decision . 
  human babies have more mass and softer bodies . 
  i mean ... it was 16 years ago . 
  in 1979 i bet kennedy 's assassination was in textbooks . 
  ... a soup spoon ... 
  that 's because soup does n't come in yogurt snack cups . 
  yea i googled it too . 
  weird , as my house has a few spoons that size that we called soup spoons my whole life . 
  and they are so easy to get into without a key even a mouse could do it . 
  single gtx 970 ... batman arkham knight ... 25fps here i come, 
  they actually can drive quite well . 
  just not in straight lines , constant speeds , the correct direction , or predictably . 
  make it a 30 year old mercedes and i 'll take that every day . 
  no , as i have a good 2005 samsung 1080i widescreen crt . 
  that last picture ... it has a engine leak ... as in leaking engine, 
  such tiny pads for such a heavy car . 
  those tall bed caps are so tacky and ugly . 
  well fuck you . 
  what if he wanted to opt out of this world . 
  nobody should ever take that opportunity away from you . 
  i mean ... ive seen this shit happen . 
  my ex 's family had something similar happen . 
  i have one . 
  i love mine . 
  you say that , but 2 years of community college later they were still the best years . 
  2014 was epic . 
  too damn `` diverse '' . 
  i mean ... yea ... that 's how wanting works . 
  and it 's their country , of they want it , it will follow to enact what they want . 
  it 's how counties work . 
  they does n't need to be a why , as it is their country . 
  do you need to explain why your house is organized how it is ? 
  it 's yours !, 
  ie is good for sites for work . 
  and edge supports more simultaneous downloads then chrome . 
  but those are about it . 
  i love my 240 !, 
  did you know that adding an oem tachometer takes less then an hour and you can get them for under 70 dollars ? 
  best `` mod '' ive ever done . 
  whenever christie is mentioned ... ever ... it seems like the fat man named `` chris christie '' is the most recognizable governor in the country at the moment . 
  here in nj usa food stuffs ( deemed semi-healthy/essential ) do n't have any taxes . 
  and we are super tax happy state . 
  actually , everything is illegal in nj .
