  no , not a joke . 
  if dog populations got sp bad that they were a danger to people , they would either have a reasonable sized animal control , or guns to defend themselves . 
  the places you mentioned have good animal control units , so no guns needed . 
  by restrictive , i mean people would get mad if you went around shooting wild packs of dogs . 
  not ownership laws , but usage laws . 
  a couple mcdonalds , and any fast food along a major highway . 
  locally i have a diner that is open 24/7 and they are always busy . 
  a screen for a tablet i had . 
  now i got a neat window . 
  i also figured that op meant stray dogs that posed a threat . 
  one stray dog , who is a sweet heart that eats out of the dumpster at the local pizza place isnt an issue , nor a reason to break out the shot gun . 
  if you have 8 + dogs together roaming around and they are hungry and dirty , and you have a 3 year old and are fearful , out the shotgun comes . 
  same . 
  last winter i almost diverted my car into a support at 90mph . 
  on purpose . 
  a cop pulled up behind me and i made the mental decision to do it if he pulled me over . 
  i made it home and cried my eyes out . 
  that 's because wild dogs are n't an issue there . 
  if they are allowed to , but have no need , then they wo n't do it, 
  i was going to get a 2.0 ranger , but my friend talked me out of it calling it a `` 2 . slow '' i got the 2.8 v6 instead and it is still considered fairly weak . 
  i really want a mid 70s lincoln . 
  if i had 3000 bucks i did n't need i 'd have one today . 
  the fees here in nj change on weight and class , but the difference isnt that big and people do n't use it for purchasing decisions . 
  i top out at 75-80 . 
  it 's a 1987 . 
  that is so odd . 
  all my friends have pickup trucks for personal transport . 
  including me . 
  we have all together a 1979 , 1987 , 1990 , and a 2001 . 
  thank goodness for lax inspection in nj . 
  `` more expensive to buy '' , the 79 cost 528 dollars , the 87 cost 650 dollars , the 90 cost 500 dollars and the 2001 cost 1100 dollars ( he way overpaid ), 
  `` more expensive to tax '' , not by that much here . 
  a little bit more to register that 's it . 
  `` more expensive to run '' , my friends are mechanics , and love their trucks so much . 
  they are their hobbies . 
  `` harder to park '' , got me there . 
  but often places have large parking lots , and we park in the back . 
  got to get the cardio in . 
  would n't be bad in my 87 ranger . 
  also , pretty much everyone i know has both driveway or ample street parking . 
  or both . 
  oh you sweet summer child . 
  if not remembering commands is computer illiteracy , then i have some news for you . 
  you ca n't really be depressed as a man . 
  or rather nobody takes it very seriously . 
  why ? 
  the adapter you have is a molex to pcie 6 pin . 
  your psu only has sata power out along with the motherboard power . 
  while you could get a sata to molex adapter , it would be very sketchy . 
  i 'd recommend a new power supply . 
  those molex to pcie adapters were for older psu that had more molex connectors , as that is what hard drives and cd drives used for a long time . 
  `` yes '' . 
  it is in quotes because it really should never be done . 
  if you are gon na get something on amazon anyway , then get a new psu . 
  i would only use that if i needed to check to see if the card worked , and i would n't run any intensive games on it . 
  anything from a good brand ( cooler master , evga , etc ) . 
  500 watts to be safe . 
  make sure it has pcie power connectors . 
  basically buy something with good reviews from amazon . 
  should be around 50 dollars . 
  pretty much . 
  that one is less efficient , but that does n't really matter if you do n't care about a little extra heat . 
  that one will work fine . 
  the job itself sucks , but it gives a bunch of unskilled people a steady 15 dollar an hour job . 
  for an area that does n't have much that is amazing . 
  my grandma did that and taught it to my mom ... 
  thank goodness my dad 's family helps retrain them . 
  just asking , are you using an oem lighting cord when trying to restore it ? 
  ive had issues with 3rd party ones . 
  even good 3rd party ones . 
  yep . 
  i have some 3rd party ones that work perfect like 97 % of the time for restoring . 
  no idea what causes it , but using a oem one works better sometimes . 
  1500 really . 
  mildy mechanically able and no inspection for pre 1995 cars, 
  yep . 
  new jersey just checks the computer , and since obd2 was mandated in 1995 , they made anything before exempt . 
  what happens if you have an exhaust leak ? 
  do they get mad ? 
  because my volvo has had a small exhaust leak even before it was exempt and it still passed . 
  i just got this game last week . 
  and on sunday i got an ultra wide monitor . 
  this will be so exciting . 
  that sounds awful . 
  my friend is a new tech at a big rig mack and volvo dealership . 
  while he does n't make huge bucks since he only has 2 years under his belt ( out of highschool ) he is making 19 dollars an hour with benefits . 
  like me . 
  do n't block a road . 
  they are for cars . 
  then block all roads , so my job closes for the day . 
  not just the road i 'm on making me late, 
  i have 3 isp 's around and we use optimum . 
  it 's really good imo . 
  we tried verizon and it was n't as good . 
  well there are some states we would n't like to acknowledge either , but we do n't have that luxury . 
  yea ... you have to look harder . 
  ive found some amazing stuff sold for nothing , or just thrown away, 
  but then `` gentrification '' happens and the state shoves the shitty people back in . 
  wait ... like anywhere else ? 
  like back in the day when people would light up in department stores and stuff .
