  it 's nice and easy to do that i 'd you are a small , consolidated country like the uk . 
  for the us however . . we have a lot more people and the task of supporting free nations military wise ( regardless of if it 's the right thing we are currently doing that so we ca n't ignore that expense ) takes up the money in our economy so we ca n't as easily do that . 
  how do small businesses start up in your country ? 
  i feel we need reforms , but i do n't see how a ( starting up ) family owned business could afford weeks of paid time off for any employees . 
  that explains who i 'd covering who , not the loss of money from having to pay someone to not be there . 
  we set it up before standards and figuring out what works best . 
  we were the first ones to get it so we got the original standards . 
  well the ps3 version was amazing considering it was running on 2006 hardware . . 
  i got a torrent of 100 gb of modern marvels . 
  is heaven, 
  i was referring to release . 
  but only for 2 weeks it said, 
  see but sometimes it is really hard to tell the ages of people . 
  once when i was 16 ( im about to turn 18 for context ) i was at the water park with my friend and my family . 
  we went into the lazy river and we saw our friend/classmate and her brother and sister . 
  we did n't know she had siblings so we were a bit surprised to find out her sister was hot !, 
  we all talked in a group for a bit and we discovered that she was 12 ... she looked 17 or 18 . . 
  so after the river ended we parted ways and i went back to my family . 
  my mom saw that we were talking to a cute girl ( im fat and a bit antisocial so it was a big deal ) and she asked about it . 
  we said she was 12 and it would be kinda creepy to continue this conversation , my mom was shocked and could n't belive that someone who looked so much more mature was only 12 . 
  but when they do n't it fucks you over . 
  when its your only clothes :, 
  1 ) you get used to it, 
  2 ) you never would have anything else to compare it to, 
  3 ) their clothes was made out of better quality material . 
  while this is true , it has nothing to do with my story , i was commenting on the fact that its hard to tell ages , not that its totally fine to stare at stranger 's boobs ... 
  ok , what kind of shoes should you wear on a day to day basis ? 
  i wear a big pair of brown leather work boots usually . 
  all the sneakers i see look they belong on man who gave up on life or a black guy . 
  it 's a true masterpiece . 
  i 'm in new jersey and i 've never heard of anything like this being a thing . 
  i feel that jon should do a resident evil 4 playthough to clense us all . 
  a resident evil 4 playthrough , possibly with a diffrent ruleset , would be really awesome . 
  they released a hd version for the 360 . 
  tis water cooled . 
  and they are pansies, 
  yes, 
  i mean ... it 's no killing of himself, 
  unless leather work boots, 
  i know its late . 
  ( three months ) but just remove all of their oil from the oil pan , a couple miles down the road , the engine will be totalled . 
  for downloading large files you would notice a diffrence , also if several people are using the network at once you would . 
  really you could go gown to like 15 mbit/s and still be able to internet properly , just not super multitasking ( netflix , browsing , downloading , and running a smart phone at the same time ) all of those tasks exept downloading take up little bandwidth individually , only when they add up at the same time does the strain start to show . 
  i got it for ps3 for 12 bucks a month ago , i stopped playing to not ruin it for the pc release . 
  we use diesel fueled trains for everywhere except the lines in the northeast , where they are electric . 
  the expense and distance means more power will be wasted moving it via powerlines then just using diesel trains . 
  the video you might want to see is across the country and the ad , which is shown a whole lot , might be stored 20 min away . 
  the ad might have to go through 1 or two networks to get to you , but the video will have to travel for a long time through possibly shotty connections and therefore the quality can dip . 
  huh ? 
  i just got a $ 1500 car and im thrilled !, 
  huh , 1.8 killed my proformance ... 
  if you give them 3 gigs of ram they can still run chrome and windows 7, 
  um ... lighter fluid + paper towel/screen cleaning cloth or magic eraser will get rid of any sticker ... 
  false , i saw a 6.4 / 10 homeless in nyc on sunday . 
  hm ... never thought about that , thanks !, 
  my first car too , all the 500 dollar cars in my area were very ... interesting mechanical investments, 
  much cheaper if you do it right, 
  the guy who sold me mine was just bored with it so i got it for less then 500 dollars then what it is worth . 
  91 volvos are worth around 2000 , if in good shape and less then 200,000 miles . 
  or throw those people overboard too . 
  the sea is a great place to dispose of mean people, 
  or the sea, 
  but new jersey has the best , or at least most of the good diners . 
  other states might have a few a + diners and a lot of c ones . 
  in new jersey they are all a - with a few a + . 
  anything lower dies out within a year . 
  do n't tell the public school system that going into a trade is an option !, 
  ( they treat trades as something only dumb people do and go to collage to learn things because reasons !, 
  i wish that trade school was n't such a secret to most people who dont pry for it ), 
  computer parts . 
  he can get me anything , usually 50 bucks or more off the going price . 
  yes , but i would n't give it to him . 
  he is poor , but terrible with money . 
  he got 20,000 dollars last year due to a lawsuit and it was gone in 7 months . 
  nothing changed in his house , he is no closer to a collage education . 
  ( he will hopefully graduate high school this year ) i would help pay for things that would better his life . 
  and maybe something that is super cool to say thanks for the money . 
  mine was built in 1929 and they decided to convert the book room to a bomb shelter , then back into a book room in the 90 's, 
  while true , this was the way it was before , when the us was sending its people there . 
  so less us soliders die , and nothing else changes . 
  i tunes doens ' t have that feature on windows , you can back it up , you ca n't readily access them . 
  the non pausing inventory ruined resident evil 5 for me, 
  my friend just won a shield from that !, 
  he is a mentor for 2495 . 
  but it 's working fine now, 
  you see ... celerons need to be destroyed, 
  the key word is mississippi, 
  have you ever used an electric lawn mower with a battery ... 
  i 'm sticking with gas, 
  yes , gasoline is quite safe really . 
  in a shitty area of new jersey , never even seen a waffle house, 
  hey !, 
  only near trenton , cameden , and all of the nothern half * near nyc, 
  that makes sense . 
  thank you !, 
  ive wanted to do this for a long time !, 
  let me rephrase . 
  it is all shitty with tiny islands of really expensive because it is close to new york . 
  especially a model that is n't that old yet , what , a year at most ? 
  actually my s5 is having screen burn in issues as well , not as bad but still bad .
