  me too, 
  as do i, 
  new jersian here doesnt matter how big a city you have we are used to a bunch of fucking people where ever we are, 
  the downloader is safe and i 've used it for over a year and no problems . 
  it 's norton protection from the router . 
  i do n't have norton on my computer . 
  i want to disable norton , not the downloader . 
  i also use avast . 
  i hate norton . 
  nothing is installed it is norton that came with the router and is blocking it at the router not my computer, 
  me too, 
  yes only water though with the eco caps, 
  yep that 's why i do n't finish my games often, 
  well i have used it for a year with no problem , it also can convert files . 
  i know it does n't sound safe but it is called youtube free downloader . 
  i have n't found it again since i first got it . 
  i 'm in nj where is it exactly i want to see it . 
  i am a white male and that makes some people envious, 
  i have the jak hd collection it is good, 
  me too they are just so well built, 
  that is more and more common nowadays i 've been there too, 
  she does n't have to be . 
  she could be bi . 
  or this new breed of bi girls where society has given girls the room to branch out and experiment in the open with their sexuallity and flip flop back and forth within a period of a few years . 
  ya i 've seen it happen al least 3 times in the two years i 've been in high school . 
  our power went out two hours before the storm hit ... by a drunk driver . 
  it was out until the next mon at 7 pm . 
  came here to say that beaten to it, 
  still buried, 
  you win, 
  as a new jersyian it is more like a bad section of philly then it 's own city, 
  it 's 2012 duh, 
  yes you are correct . 
  you sure know a lot about state boundaries , want a cookie . 
  well you must be a very successful entrepreneur that owns map, 
  i 'm two miles from trenton i know who you mean, 
  well they ar n't as bad at all i know, 
  twist : op is a fat guy, 
  my twist is good and i feel good . 
  me too , whenever i see a bisexual girl or lesbian , i get a little depressed because that doubles the amount of people they can date that ar n't me . 
  braces turn me on , thought i should say this here . 
  very similar beginning to my story . 
  but our schedules got changed and destiny took a dump on my dreams . 
  what 's the average link karma from oc ? 
  same here jak 2 , and it 's fucking respawn points , will always be my favorite . 
  this and spy fox, 
  ya but our gas is cheap by comparison, 
  i 'm not saying by any means that it 's comparable, 
  you had no comments ( besides for quick meme ) so i decided to add one . 
  good for you . 
  how did you ask . 
  better then nothin, 
  as a new jersian i can confirm that we have a whole lot of nigglets . 
  can you not use flicker next time . 
  it really fucks with alien blue ( reddit app ), 
  ok i did n't know . 
  it just shows a pop up app for cheerios , and as much as i want to see a bowl of cheerios , i want to see your post more . 
  i assumed the popup was from flickr . 
  amber is that you ? 
  well they can make a 4 much better, 
  i first read that as pedobear . 
  watching smoke from a chimney or exhaust pipe, 
  me too best $ 57 bucks on ebay yet, 
  pocket whale, 
  i see where she is coming from . 
  been doing this for years . 
  it 's really good . 
  where did you get your social life ? 
  the toilet store . 
  ok well i 've been there too . 
  no you do n't . 
  i made an offensive comment that allowed 2 others to get 4 karma each , today was a good day . 
  i guess i 'm 5th . 
  trenton , nj, 
  yes , well also we have a fair amount of corrupt politicians . 
  oh and abandoned factories . 
  of course you ca n't lie on the internet . 
  where else could be have been . 
  i 'm straight and have always had that opinion . 
  that is n't being gay , that is called being annoying . 
  i missed number 1 but i got number 2 . 
  how did i do that ?!?!, 
  hey, 
  and they still did shit about it . 
  so ... she looks like my health teacher . 
  that class was well behaved . 
  well that is a little worse then ours last year . 
  yes but people are more likely to carry hand sanitizer you can borrow . 
  that sounds painful yet hot ... 
  yes every time i yawn and my left eye waters ( occasionally my right as well but mostly my left ), 
  it is n't just all sliding around . 
  it does have some tension . 
  other browser ? 
  good man . 
  you are a better man then i. 
  done, 
  did you talk to other people, 
  were there other people ? 
  well it ca n't come soon enough . 
  that 's the idea,
