  depends on the car . 
  i love it to bits , but slow she is . 
  4 fan belts . 
  all manually tensioned . 
  none of this `` serpentine belt '' rubbish . 
  i thought my 45 minute ride was a long one . . 
  that would be very true on anything they made past 1995 . 
  a 92 however is still part of the generation that got the reputation for reliability , at the cost of speed . 
  actually , the alternator and water pump have 2 belts powering them . 
  one for redundancy . 
  i had one snap on me and i was able to get home just fine . 
  eh , just listen to them, 
  the general area the sound is coming from and also how tight they feel . 
  you do n't have to deal with them that often so it 's ok . 
  it 's ok . 
  i found the normie meme on facebook , then made it dank and posted it here . 
  edited it in paint myself . 
  basket ball . 
  i had some shitty experiences being forced to play it in school and now it broke something in me . 
  if i even am near a court i get in a bad mood . 
  too rounded off , i want something with corners sharp enough to cut paper ( not literally ), 
  do n't have to tell me twice, 
  how are they repairability wise ? 
  if they are not that bad then i will definitely get one . 
  around me they go for anywhere from 1500 to 4000 depending on condition . 
  im expecting to get under the hood anywhere between once a month and once every 3 months . 
  it wont be my only car , so its ok . 
  a 1986 122 key terminal ibm model m. 
  someone needs to go and save the model m. 
  my family acts like tourists ... loud , oblivious , lost . 
  it 's embarrassing to go places with them . 
  tbh those are not that bad for a membrane . 
  i 've used way worse . 
  looks exactly like my cat when he was younger !, 
  have you run the program windirstat ? 
  it will show you what is taking up space . 
  nah , you just show up and take stuff when nobody is looking . 
  usually it 's an unmanned bin . 
  the employees at the one near me usually are cooped up in a small little hut or helping old people with the cardboard compactor . 
  the only one who ever caught me is a dump truck driver . 
  he now watches out for me and my car . 
  the bastard . 
  its not even his job !, 
  when metal gets damn hot it looks like that . 
  us nj know high taxes then usual . 
  are you my ex ? 
  hamilton nj . 
  basically next to trenton in the middle of the state , 15 minutes from pennsylvania . 
  that is very tough . 
  i 'd say wawa wins , as they are very very similar , but wawa feels more personal, 
  could be on pc and cranked up to max . 
  i am in nj 20 minutes from the boarder . 
  my friends all go over the trenton makes bridge for cigarettes from you guys and the local salvage yards, 
  yep . 
  i pass by it on my way to family in the new hope / lambertville area . 
  really narrow . 
   reviewing the world 's most bizarre/outlandish cars or would it be a channel dedicated to reviewing only hyper/super/luxury cars . 
  yes , but did you checkout his column at autotrader.com/oversteer for more of this thoughts and opinions ? 
  that is so odd . 
  i mean , not every gas station sells food here , but its expected that the ones that do , do it really well . 
  keeps animals out and areas easy to control . 
  hard to use land if it is always covered in deep brush and tall grass . 
  its like people in nj and florida . 
  what kind of idiot cant pump their own gas ? 
  im nj born and raised , but for god 's sake , the instructions are on the pump with big stickers . 
  no , not if you had a good one . 
  only recently are lcd monitors able to compete with a good crt . 
  however , almost nobody had good crts , so the quality you remember isnt what they were capable of . 
  source : i am sitting in front of a 2003 sony high end crt now as a secondary display . 
  a good quality cable can improve the picture quality of a crt more then you can ever imagine . 
  once drained it should have been fine . 
  nice !, 
  i tried a vertical monitor for a while , but the one i was trying it with didnt have the viewing angles for it . 
  i mainly use my crt for file management while i use the others for media and web browsing . 
  thing is about that second one , my friend 's truck has that 4.3 , its an unreliable pile that gets 10mpg and its a 2001 truck . 
  they used that engine for so long for some reason . 
  thats why im getting a 1974 f-350 truck from a firehouse tomarrow . 
  it will be manlier then any other truck that tries to show off . 
  it says `` big dog '' on the front !, 
  what is it getting ? 
  i 'm expecting 7 mpg . 
  please tell me it 's better then that . 
  it 's a manual . 
  actually they made a model m in the 122 terminal style . 
  it 's a model m, 
  yea , i 'd say 10 % of gas stations have hot food , but there are a lot of gas stations here in central jersey . 
  i 'd say you are no more then 15 minutes from a wawa or similar gas station . 
  however if you want a wawa without getting gas that number drops to about 7 to 10 minutes . 
  got it, 
  there she is . 
  all 3000 worth . 
  here is my new one !, 
  how much oil and what brand oil ? 
  my cat is the same !, 
  he also refuses to drink from the bowl , only the faucet . 
  so we have to stop what we are doing , turn on the faucet , and wait for him , or else we will end up paying an arm and a leg . 
  at least he is really sweet . 
  luckly , giving him a long drink of water ( 1 to 4 minutes of constant drinking ) 3 or 4 times a day does help him and we havent had any issues since . 
  huh , do you buy it in prepackaged quarts ? 
  i got a 5 qt jug and a 1 qt jug today at walmart for like 17 bucks plus a motorcraft filter for 3.83 .
