  totally . . 
  ... people do n't need to do anything ... 
  thats expensive, 
  at least wars make jobs, 
  with this earth 's population ? 
  nah , also , the manuafacture of weapons has a lot of job opportunites , and it is usually less time sensitive . 
  where do you live ... 
  i just got a truck with little rust ( nothing structural ) for like 700 dollars . 
  and it snows here . 
  that 's is good shape . 
  it has like 3 rust patches . 
  all cosmetic . 
  also it had a new clutch as well . 
  well if you can afford those things , a gas tax wo n't really effect you anyway . 
  where would i buy that ? 
  for consoles it as 640 x 480, 
  i have an 87 with a similar cap , but mine is blue . 
  i also got it for 700 dollars and it ran an drove . 
  i have so much stuff that people just threw out . 
  most of it required less then an hour of work to get working again . 
  good point . 
  `` you 've been messing up too much in church '', 
  while true , a lot of the fucked up people in my family have come from , or moved to florida . 
  also my one friend who seems to fuck up everything he touches is excited to move there next month . 
  my friend gets that , he is 19 . 
  im making 12.50 at my current job , but thats because i work in princeton , and every tech that was hired after me seems to be getting 10 or less . 
  `` password !?!, 
  why should i remember that ? 
  i paid you to fix it , not go through my stuff ! '', 
  used furniture is so much cheaper . 
  if you have no money , then you ca n't get the good used furniture , and remember used furniture as shitty . 
  if you have a little bit of money , or do n't want to spend much and spring for used furniture that is in really good shape , you ca n't go back to new . 
  i 've actually have like 3 of them , and another 2 that do n't work right . 
  i saved them from the e-waste bin last year . 
  i actually got another late 80 's mechanical keyboard last week from there as well !, 
  works fine !, 
  i have 0 on mine . 
  gaming motherboards have a ps/2 keyboard input and also ctrl + esc = win key . 
  `` correctly '', 
  well , as we can see , we have a communist among us . 
  actually , it asserts dominance . 
  show them who is the boss . 
  you need an active one instead of those cheap passive ones . 
  however the super cheap active ones ca n't handle the current that the keyboard wants . 
  i actually learned my usb track list for every folder and can navigate the whole 8 gb by feel . 
  i treat every folder as a cd . 
  how well does it work ? 
  do you just soak them and then rinse off ? 
  the stuff on the space bar is some damage from some harsh cleaning chemicals . 
  i am learning stick in a 1987 ford ranger . 
  it is apparently much harder to learn on due to the pretty non-linar clutch pedal ( it goes from like 5 % , 15 % , 30 % , 60 % 100 % instead of being smooth ) and the not very torquey engine . 
  ill have a super easy time learning on anything else after this . 
  i always added one in . 
  they are usually pretty easy to add and like 60 bucks . 
  this sounds like how my ex is going to end up in a year or 2 . 
  i generally drop off mine with the lithium ion batteries that lowes or home depot recycles for drills . 
  buy a cheap dremel for the shop and cut a slot whenever you can . 
  well the mac partition is completely gone right now , and windows still works , if i reinstall mac os on the blank partition windows will cease to work ? 
  and volvo ab owns mac trucks . 
  good point, 
  i just sold a used one for like 40 bucks with a dead usb port . 
  i 've seen then go for like 60 in better shape . 
  im there . 
  im literally broken, 
  there sata cables on that model die often . 
  that is probably it, 
  i got the s7 active . 
  i loved buttons and will never give them up . 
  good point, 
  in my experience , the first pic looks like someone in community college . 
  source : i go to community college . 
  not in a college or highschool setting . 
  it was gas that was cooked out of coal . 
  it was hard to drill for , store and ship pressurized natural gas back then compared to coal . 
  same thing at my college . 
  that 's why fat people with really fat calves annoying me . 
  it means that they do n't just over eat , but they also do n't move at all . 
  i am making this first comment on this post . 
  because this is a good use of my time . 
  my dad took me to the lake where they were said to land . 
  he grew up not far from there and it was pretty neat . 
  oh ... you guys are not a fan of the first thing are you ? 
  i thought it was neat that i this showed up in my front page seconds after it was posted . 
  i would absolutely love more resident evil on the channel . 
  re0 would be fantastic , as it is one of my favorites ( although i love 2 and 3 , with the original 1996 resident evil after them ) . 
  i count 4 as a separate game , as it is set up much differently then the prerendered games . 
  ( i know code veronica was n't prerendered however ), 
  fairly certain that it 's like that everywhere . 
  aftermarket radios are only like 100 bucks . 
  `` one point '', 
  i do a lot of sketchy shit when it comes to pcs . 
  i ran a gtx 460 on a generic chinesium psu though molex to power it for over a year . 
  and this scares me . 
  `` low miles '', 
  eh , it 's one of those low end samsung phones that are sold at metropcs or free with a contract . 
  no big loss . 
  keyword there is buisness . 
  thier buisness stuff is gold . 
  their consumer stuff is worse then this shit . 
  eh , still not what i 'd call low on something from the 2000 's,
