  would the zip tie melt you think ? 
  i have a decent one . 
  this is my third one !, 
  my main one has a amd fx-6300 , a gtx 480 , 16 gb of ddr3-1600 , and a 500 watt psu . 
  my second one is a phentom x3 3.00 ghz , gtx 460 , 8 gb of ddr3-1333 , 600 watt psu . 
  this one is a third one because i had all the components expept a cpu , mobo , and apparently a fitting cooler . 
  well the ziptie will attach to the plasic fan part that is screwed onto the heatsink , do you feel if its not touching the metal it will still melt ? 
  sorry i did n't explain it well . 
  i guess i 'll just get a cheap heatsink :(, 
  as someone who had both verizon and optimum we loved optimum 's service and hated verizon 's . 
  verizon was too clunky and customer service sucks compared to optimum . 
  they sound like they would get more done . 
  they sound like they would get more done . 
  well you can fuck off . 
  what team are you ? 
  2495 representative am i !, 
  cunt, 
  gtx 480 here , no gpu upgrade planned this year , still loving mine , 
  ps3 is nine , xbox 360 is almost 10, 
  12 years ago, 
  i kinda agree , and i hate feminists . 
  women should be treated the same and it should n't be amazing or special when they doing something hard or for them selves . 
  however they should be held accountable for their actions , like a person . 
  it might see the 16 and not have a distinction between mb and gb and think you only have 16 mb . 
  * 60 bucks a year, 
  i have no idea then . . maybe video memory is what it is counting ? 
  buy ... you mean scrounge from some throw away 2007 dell right ? 
  that makes sense . 
  so from my various repair jobs i have learned to hate hp for the way they manufacturer their products . 
  is this widely felt among other to be tech support employees ? 
  but mine still applies even if a negative outcome is the result . 
  because they do n't like me ( i 'm male ) nor the way males have problems as well such as the inequalities in the way divorce is settled and how we are treated as rapists all the time . 
  only one minor person who was on the original team was on the new vegas team sadly . 
  capcom did this with resident evil 2 and 4 . 
  2 was 75 % done then they said it was n't good enough and started from scratch . 
  resident evil 4 was started and canceled like 4 times , one of those attempts morphed into devil may cry . 
  but . . the roborio . . 
  ah , we set up the roborio today , getting all the software was not fun on crappie school internet . 
  you have obviously never tried to repair an hp before have you ? 
  i like to farm these for parts if i find a bunch of them that were thrown out . 
  their ps2 games were awesome too . 
  i have one !, 
  got my baby a year and a half ago for 90 bucks and took me from my 9500gt into the 60fps master race, 
  just not the same with the black pits of hell where the eye textures are supposed to be . 
  how does one target like that ? 
  ive only done it once and im not sure what the command was for it . 
  gon na get into boarderlands 2 , continue my 4th fallout 3 + nv ( this time with ttw installed ) and legend of zelda link between worlds . 
  doug . 
  he died of cancer at 17 . 
  he was an ass before and after he was diagnosed . 
  because he is black and because he is black . 
  as a person from mercer county . . this is never a hard thing for me to figure out . 
  how the hell can i not be in central jersey . 
  money to throw at it ? 
  i have both already and he doesnt have any money to put twords a gpu . 
  this is his step up from a ps2 . 
  he is amazed at the games now , but i 1 ) miss my very small 9500gt 2 ) he can most likely max out any game he wants with the 8800gt . 
  he has a 1920x1080 monitor but plays 720 for frame rate . 
  for the 8800gt ? 
  ok thank you, 
  tried , cant do it with xp , i dont wan na keep the programs and settings , i just dont want to bother copying 200 gb off then back on, 
  ok , i guess the convient windows.old is only for vista and up . 
  i like this, 
  i remember that !, 
  summer of 2012 ? 
  i tried , there wasnt a new partion option . 
  there is 60 gb of free space though, 
  i think i found out why i could n't partition it . 
  i was using a guest account . 
  ( i was fixing it for a friend so no administration password apparently for me ) . 
  i 'll get the password then it will work . 
  thank you for your help , it turns out i 'm just dumb . 
  why would you ever do that ? 
  when i retire a piece of hardware i build another system out of that era parts . 
  i have a 2006 era rig , a 2010 era rig and a 2014 rig ( with my old gtx480 holding it back , so not really 2014 i guess ), 
  the best thing ive seen, 
  i just have it run tv shows off a flash drive . 
  i fill it up with seasons of modern marvels to watch while i do the dishes in my kitchen . 
  i know sadly :(, 
  yep , it would get rid of the good old fashion fallout violence and humor . 
  nope , computers do n't work like that , although there might be a way eventually to use the game pad on the pc and use it for the pipboy, 
  make absolutely sure that your board can handle it . 
  most pentium 4 mobos only support up to a pentium d . it might look like it fits but then it wo n't power on . 
  happened to me 3 times . 
  a black canadian ? 
  you have nothing to worry about once they hear your accent nothing will harm you because you are polite . 
  or at least neat sounding . 
  i 'm looking for a first car with the budget of 1500 . 
  i absolutely despise car dealerships . 
  where would i look for a car that you recommend ? 
  sports . 
  i am very bad at them , and if i find myself winning , i get too competitive and very violent . 
  i just avoid all sports now . 
  beat me to it m8, 
  4 inches and 24 inches are not the same mr weather man, 
  under the laptop there should be a panel and it should only require 1-2 screws . 
  there you see the ram held in with two tiny clips on each side of it . 
  pop the clips sideways and the ram stick should just pop out, 
  sorry , i was just remarking on how 4 / = 24 no matter how much i want it to . 
  same thing here .
