  as an amarican i do n't give a shit, 
  you , i like you , and the way you think . 
  ughh yes !, 
  my grandparents had someone who they did n't even like staying at their house ( sister of a family friend ) . 
  they said to leave because its late . 
  she fucking slept in her car in the fucking drive way . 
  this repeated for a while , they finally let her stay in an extra room . 
  that ordeal took several months before they got rid if her in october . 
  my exact thought . 
  my grandma has parkinson 's too and she kept saying inappropriate comments and jokes the whole time she was there . 
  she also was kicked out of my aunt 's wedding because she showed up uninvited . 
  i think 6 months straight living in the house , eating at family meals , and sitting on the couch ( legs spread wide with your overwheight 40 year old self in a skirt ) watching tv and more then a year on and off is more then enough time !, 
  well if you saw her ( ya i know your username ) then you would see that life fucked her over pretty good . 
  nope, 
  well that 's more effort then she would put in to anything . 
  i know right . 
  it is, 
  this hurt ... my soul, 
  second user . 
  works like a charm . 
  believe it or not i tried that , and it worked . 
  idk how ... 
  83 % of all people were teenagers, 
  i never learned properly . 
  i just figured out my oh way that looks similar to the right way until inspected . 
  hey . 
  that 's mean . 
  i quit . 
  so not me but my dad . 
  he had a bus driver that had a huge creepy crush on him for a year . 
  she always said hi , let him smoke on the bus ( only him ) , and talked to him in a `` i really like you '' kinda way . 
  he was 15 , she was mid to late 30s . 
  he was too na\u00efve to realize it then , when it finally hit him 15 years later it really freaked him out . 
  well that 's the rule right . 
  why would you if your under 28 ?!?? 
  not all of it , but i do agree we could do with some house cleaning, 
  thank you , the shore is ( well , was until sandy ) a fantastic place for family and adults alike . 
  i go to seaside a lot and past the board walk it is pretty quiet . 
  those kinda people exist everywhere . 
  it does n't matter where you are . 
  well except the poorer areas of the world . 
  well my high school has that class . 
  it is really useful . 
  someone had n't watched phineas and ferb, 
  exacly, 
  look how the front exploded . 
  well with all human power we got it to hang on the 1st level for a while . 
  by human power i mean we used our arms to simulate motors . 
  yes, 
  how did he take the picture ?!? 
  loved 97 % of the movie . 
  i understood that refrence !, 
  you are a saint, 
  my aunt does too . 
  ( even though she has broadband ) she has been there so long she has her full name spelled correctly in the email with no numbers . 
  how do you remember your username ?!?!, 
  he pulled through it quite well . 
  we would but it brings so much tourism and money to the state that we wo n't . 
  also they have the right to have a tv show . 
  the npr news quiz . 
  it also burns really well . 
  i use it to start fires and stuff . 
  i go through a lot of it . 
  yes i was excited . 
  no by us actually we were too excited to think about it, 
  tit happens when i yawn too . 
  and people get pissed when i did n't hear what they said when i just yawned . 
  i miss wrote the first time the team we meant was 2495 . 
  sorry but i made a typo and i ca n't correct titles . 
  but i always saw it as you are just throwing it out anyway . 
  that 's only if you put it in the pile of dirt that was made . 
  if not them i agree . 
  thank you i 'll try that . 
  i already did part of it but i 'll do the rest . 
  nice, 
  ya for me it 's 9 the perfect fap time, 
  parmesan cheese, 
  you misspelled best, 
  who said you ca n't cut in line ? 
  that 's what i did and it worked . 
  go there all the time good quality stuff . 
  great prices . 
  organized . 
  those deals are really . 
  good nothing less then usually at least 50 % off . 
  oh i 'm sorry for the cheap gasoline . 
  diet coke and cheddar anything, 
  i approve . 
  based my user name off the game . 
  you did it !, 
  i loved those games so much . 
  ( look at username ), 
  i have that in a nearly identical car !, 
  it does n't work for shit . 
  basketball, 
  try the lecture methood . 
  3-4 hours of you talking to him , being disappointed , and explaining what he did and how to correct it . 
  it 's so boring and is plenty if a deterrent . 
  it worked on me and i 've only needed a talking to 3 times in my life . 
  me too .
