  i have an old 1997 aptiva ibm desktop . 
  i should do this . 
  no idea where the hispanics are lazy thing came from . 
  there are a lot of other things to complain about if you were looking to argue about them , but lazy is n't one of them . 
  its a nice laptop , id pay a solid $ 100 for it . 
  west coast is worse coast . 
  that 's a weird way to spell `` worse '' maybe it 's that west coast schooling that messed up your spelling . 
  whats wrong with new jersey ? 
  coast . 
  i 'm shitting on your coast . 
  did them worse coast schools teach you anything ? 
  i do n't see how coming from new jersey does anything but prove my point . 
  i knew all you california people were uppity . 
  there is that train that is basically free ( $ 1.50 one way ) to camden to promote jobs and travel . 
  not sure what good it does . 
  not sure if referring to body mass or intelligence . 
  it is actually . 
  graduated high school last year . 
  covered it . 
  are you me ? 
  i sold gum in middle school to buy a 3ds on launch . 
  i managed to sell mine for 5 bucks a pack though . 
  no idea why people paid it . 
  well no , that had less of an impact on his presidency then almost getting impeached . 
  does n't happen here in nj . 
  everyone who is jealous shits on us for it . 
  i mean in nj we do n't leave our car , so i do n't think it would be a good business move to make the attendant watch an ad for his entire shift . 
  i mean ... pa is not far away . 
  literally 7 minutes from my neighborhood . 
  if someone one wanted to go and use the fossil fuel vending machine themselves then it 's not tough . 
  in nj there are so many people there is usually a all night gas station around . 
  i bet you live in the midwest . 
  where in nj did you stay ? 
  north nj ? 
  we just never upgraded the pumps . 
  they are all pre-big displays . 
  i mean for canadian money it is probably more useful to try to barter with the leather the wallet is made out of . 
  he told us . 
  rip airz23, 
  no idea , but the magic from his stories certainly did . 
  i know modern trains are more powerful , but damn if they did n't nail that `` we are humans , look at this huge fire spitting scary machine we made '' vibe in the past . 
  put back in to storage in 2010 sadly . 
  but it is still restored . 
  me too , but it was my house and my grandma put the bleach in the toilet and let it soak . 
   supposed, 
  i actually do n't . 
  my abs scares the shit out of me . 
  it feels like what radio static sounds like through my foot on the peddle . 
  do n't forget jak 2 and jak 3 !, 
  also ratchet and clank . 
  to be honest i like the phrasing of this joke . 
  it takes a second to figure out and it 's kinda funny . 
  most people pay bills before buying food . 
  most likely have the stove already , and you pay your bills before buying food because if worse comes to worse you can get food that was donated to the church/other charity . 
  most of the time that food needs to be cooked . 
  me too , 240 4 lyfe, 
  i also have a 92 . 
  exterior isnt bad , but i just had to get new ball joints , tires , and a rebuild kit for the breaks . 
  all expected , but it was still a very good investment . 
  just hit 195,000 miles ( got it at 190,000 last year as my first car ) . 
  i love it . 
  it is quirky , yet reliable . 
  it 's nice to have a 24 year old car with all the features a new car has ( especially with an aftermarket radio ), 
  as of my username i approve . 
  you would just have a bunch of entrepreneurs turning in the skulls of anyone who sat still long enough . 
  i did n't even catch that kuzco was daxter !, 
  is n't really that common in nj or other densely packed states . 
  goes 60 + mph and takes gas . 
  very modern for road design standards . 
  leaded or non leaded has very little to do with how the roads ( and how far apart service stations are ) are planned out . 
  you would just have a bunch of entrepreneurs turning in the hands of anyone who sat still long enough . 
  the early games are very good . 
  2 being the best and 3 close behind . 
  the controls are iffy , but after 10 minutes you are used to them and anything more fluid would throw off the game . 
  ( however , the nintendo 64 port of resident evil 2 had fixed controls for the analog stick if you really want , that 's what got me into the series ) . 
  the puzzles are fun but not impossible , and while the cut scenes are cheesy they are not terribly long and you know how bad they are going in . 
  i love the early ones and if you wanted more then i also highly recommend resident evil 0 . 
  that 's how you start a war . 
  here in nj most people would kill for a lower rate then 7 % . 
  i 'd consider youtube red , but to be honest ltt is the only creator on vessel i wan na watch and i am not going to pay to watch only one creator . 
  a lot of the stuff was far fetched , but if at the time someone devoted time and money to it a lot of the machines could have been made . 
  but then we would have to use one drive . 
  and make a microsoft account . 
  there is a no thank you button . 
  it is very hidden . 
  my house does n't have them , but my friend down the street does . 
  and my grandpa . 
  explain the number of computers which the revert process fucked up on showing up at my shop . 
  i work at a repair shop so i only see when things break , however i would n't recommend relying on the rollback in my experience . 
  usually strong black tea , with nothing in it . 
  very rarely some sugar or honey . 
  in my neighborhood there are 2 providers and we get 60/60 mbps and the competition between them keeps it that good . 
  if they try raising rates we just switch . 
  ( we did it once last year , hated verizon 's television service . 
  the bit rate of their standard definition television must be able to be counted on one hand ) . 
  this is not the norm by far however . 
  our more liberal bros. 
  possibly thought of as a bit wimpier , but that 's about it . 
  one enters homes and has a history of not being the best for people . 
  while your point is true , they are also really cute .
