  thanks , 
  mine was , found a 1993 ibm model m in communiry recycle a week ago , 
  . . what would be the advantages ? 
  lithium ion batteries can explode upon impact . 
  sealed lead acid batteries , even in the most severe accidents , just leak non explosive acid . 
  but the possible firey explosion around kids and in a huge statium full of kids is bad . 
  but you lack the deep south and midwest and all that distance in between, 
  * as you type this on a plastic keyboard *, 
  in new jersey at the moment , my local gas station is posted at $ 2.43 a gallon . 
  i mean ... look at this old post of mine ... 
  i have a gtx 480 ( about the same power as a 750 ti ) and a r9 280 and , especially for gta v , the 480 kicks the r9 280 's ass . 
  * in gta v , which has less amd support . 
  that was the main point of the argument . 
  so if you were going to play that game it would be better to go less powerful and nividia . 
  but does it matter anymore ? 
  he will be done with it, 
  i have a fx-3600 and i want more performance . 
  should i get a i5 , even though it lacks 2 cores and is a lower clock ( i know clock does n't matter across architectures ) . 
  i also have, 
  16 gb of ddr3 and a single 970 . 
  if you burn it hot enough , you do n't get toxic fumes . 
  at least with most things . 
  also the definition of overweight is a bit skewed . 
  someone call look normal , but be 10 lbs overweight ( as i sit here 23 lbs overweight ... but losing it ), 
  but will you eat it just a little bit faster ? 
  they are a useful product . 
  they enable you to take better pictures . 
  it 's the people who over use them that are the issue . 
  they were occupied by the us who just handed them money to rebuild until the 60 's, 
  i saw a pbs documentary about it . 
  the narrator and host were making it out to be terrible and awful . 
  showing depressing b/w photos and such . 
  then they interviewed people who lived though the camps and they seemed kinda indifferent and some regarded it with a slight fondness . 
  they said that it was a good way to avoid being persecuted for being japanese by the general public and, 
  they were able to live out the war safely and with their family for free . 
  it was weird to see the tone, 
  set by the show and the interviewed people clash so much . 
  but think about how racist america was twords the japanese then , how safe would it have been for them at home ? 
  lynching under the guise of them being spys anyone ? 
  i can totally see how having a longer arm to get a good picture can help , especially over ledges and such . 
  it 's the selfie part of a selfie stick that is n't good . 
  i just got one in febuary !, 
  a black 1992 volvo 240 base model with 191,000 miles for 1500 dollars !, 
  you have no idea ... i made a bunch of key chains for my friends out of a dead 1999 playstation cpu , gpu , and other microprocessors i found while disassembling it . 
  i actually have 2 working 460s in the house . 
  i was sad to discover this one did n't make it, 
  ive had people berate me for drinking selzer instead of water at meals and stuff ... i mean ... its just water and bubbles !, 
  ( i know its a slight acid , but come on ! ), 
  im 5 ' 6 '' and 183 lbs down from my most of 230lbs . 
  doing around 10-18 miles a day on my bike plus weights at the y and im losing it slowly but surely . 
  yes , i use the ram stick for holding my keys easier , and the weight/jingle makes sure i dont lose them . 
  you are on the new jersey subreddit fuckwad ... what reaction did you expect ? 
  not united that 's for sure !, 
  11 hour flight ? 
  i mean , whenever i go there i hit the same quality food every time . 
  it 's a shame , i actually tossed a dead 360 a few months ago without taking the chips . 
  i 'll do that to the next one i find . 
  although i do currently have a 1.7 ghz pentium 4 that needs to find a use otherwise it shall join my pile of keychain to give to friends . 
  i sanded down the corners, 
  put a custom firmware on it , get a 2 micro sd card to 1 memory stick converter , and bring every gba game ever with you everywhere . 
  i love computer hardware and i have a lot of computers scatered throughout the house that i rebuild often . 
  i watch the youtube show techquickie ( https://www.youtube.com/user/techquickie ) . 
  i recommend getting a cheap second hand desktop to learn on . 
  laptops are a bad place to start the physical side . 
  i think sega tried that with the saturn ... and it didnt do well . 
  i heard that it was lack of reviews . 
  and no hype, 
  yea . . we avoid those places too . 
  it sucks near nyc and philly , because its close to them and cheaper so they turn into smelly bad neighborhoods . 
  outside of commuting distance from them it is very nice . 
  except trenton ... im like 3 miles from trenton ... :(, 
  that was back when the robling steel cable factories made most of the steel cables for the world , like for the brooklen bridge and the golden gate bridge . 
  then the 60 's happened and with the loss of the iron mines from across the river and race riots trenton shrivled and could n't recover . 
  at least that is what my history teacher told me . 
  but without the good parts ( away from the cities ) the whole place is too small to be far enough away to be good . 
  well yea , even people who live here avoid the area near philly . 
  its not our fault you throw all of your trash across the river at us !, 
  we really do !, 
  it is !, 
  any country that even attempts to be better is only able to be so because they are super tiny and have a homogeneous population , which makes it really much easier . 
  italian ? 
  its the cost of insurance that is the kicker, 
  ashens !, 
  i do love myself some bbc documentaries . 
  the reason you dont spend that much on military is because the us does . 
  if shit really hits the fan in a big world shaking way the us steps in to stop it , if nobody did that then a lot more countries would have bigger militaries . 
  that said we get to set a lot of ground rules because we are the backup . 
  it 's not execution if it 's in self defense by a swat team on a 8th grader . 
  yea , we have no extra taxes or any other cost associated with large vehicles except insurance and gas costs here . 
  here in new jersey it rains every other or every 2 days ... we have a whole lot of fresh water, 
  the real inflation rate is 2 % so in the case of global war that is n't too bad . 
  how old ? 
  if its pre dual core then do it . 
  yes , but one is a hell of a lot easier to spot from down the street . 
  do it !, 
   it is fun , 
  there are no bike lanes where i live ... and i hate to break it to you , i can not bike safely on a road that is thin and the speed limit is 45 + i hate sharing the road , put in bike lanes !, 
  but both as a pedestrian and driver , you do not have to deal with unpredicable hunks of metal swerving around you at all times . 
  damn commie !, 
  yes , but i mean its not in the vows .
