  i do n't know where it is , but i am sure it will keep us safe from them . 
  for it is made of two of the strongest things known to man , ignorance and fear of change . 
  i got two free blue-ray player from my dad 's friend . 
  he said they were broken . 
  i turned on one and it was in fact not broken , it simply had two power switches and he did n't know it . 
  the second one was actually broken . 
  i think its the remote that is the problem but it only has 4 buttons on the box . 
  play , power , stop , and eject . 
  so i need the remote . 
  the right and left selecting buttons wo n't work . 
  what should i do to make the player work . 
  i found an ipod touch 4th gen near hamilton high west in hamilton nj . 
  it has a pass code lock on it . 
  it has a crack in the screen that might have happened from the fall as it fell onto concrete . 
  i would like to return it to its owner but i also want to keep it . 
  how long should i wait to wipe it and keep it ? 
  where should i look ? 
  i need money for my robotics team and i need to know where to beg for it . 
  when i watch netflix on the computer i slowly destroy office supplies , old cans , and even the desk its self . 
  my grandfather took small metal ( i believe it was copper ) beads and had them suspended in molten glass . 
  the glass cooled and had the beads suspended in a small ( ish ) drop of glass . 
  around an inch long and half an inch in diameter , teardrop shaped . 
  he then began heating up the glass . 
  the beads being small heated up faster and became red hot . 
  he removed the heat and the were cooling off , getting gradually darker . 
  here is where the weird part happened . 
  they one by one became brighter to a bright red once again , only for a fraction of a second and continued to cool of without doing it a second time . 
  does anyone else know what this is . 
  what ya say . 
  please put a link to the picture in your comment . 
  my aunt has an itunes account with my cousins . 
  they got a new computer and wanted to move the account . 
  they forgot the password and the answer to the safety question . 
  anyway to help save their music and app collection . 
  up here in the north east , if the power goes out we have to remind people to not use their gas grills inside for heat and cooking . 
  apparently it is due to carbon monoxide in your house and lead to carbon monoxide poisoning . 
  if that is dangerous why do n't they warn you of gas stove in your house . 
  i have a youtube downloader that is very good and safe . 
  norton does n't think so . 
  i want to disable it , went to their website and did their steps but to no avail , any idea how to fix this . 
  the computer in question is a dell dm051, 
  like this http://cdn.asia.cnet.com/i/r/2005/dt/39094340/sc002.jpg, 
  and it had two hard drives in it . 
  one partially dead 100gb out of 160 gb was usable and the other totally dead . 
  i put a 80gb hard drive i got from a diffrent computer in the dell and it wo n't boot up from it . 
  i boot up from cd it loads windows and all is dandy . 
  i run programs from it , save stuff , there are no weird noises , all fine . 
  it just wont boot up from the drive . 
  it also does n't boot up from it when i go into boot from in bios . 
  i 'm stumped . 
  besides this and some missing drivers it works fine . 
  my uncle found an lg rumor 2 in a place he calls the wearhouse . 
  he lives in a nice neighborhood and there is a spot for gently used items near the community dumpsters . 
  he found it there . 
  i want to wipe it and probably donate it to family of the cells for soldiers drive at my school . 
  i have no info on it besides the sicker in it and the name . 
  model : rumor2, 
  s/n : 904cyea0170580, 
  it had two hdd 's in an array pretending to be one ( sorry i 'm still a bit fuzzy on hard drive arrays and the terminology of it ) it is two 40 gb drives pretending to be one 80 gb . 
  when ever i install an extra hdd it will be recognized in the bios but not in windows explorer or disk management . 
  the disk is totally fine and i have used it in other computers so its not the disk itself . 
  i 'm stuck on what to try . 
  i got a pc that is a few years old from my grandfather . 
  it saw a lot of use . 
  the computer is 2005 or so . 
  i plug it in and turn it on and the fans spin for about a second or so then stop . 
  to do it again i have to unplug and repeat . 
  i tried 3 diffrent power supplies ( they were used though ) . 
  is there anyway to get it working again ? 
  is it the power supply or the mobo ? 
  it is a gateway desktop ( 2003 ? ), 
  celeron 2.4 ghz proccesor ( i know its crap , but it was free ), 
  700 mb of ram . 
  i want to know if i can build a simple file server for my house out of this thing . 
  i want a use for it and this seems like something i could really use it for . 
  i have extra hard drives and i do n't care about speed really . 
  just to see if i can use it/have it so i can hld my files and transfer them around without a huge external hdd . 
  i would like help upgrading my processor , i am fairly computer competent . 
  i have cobbled together computers from parts and stuff . 
  i even brought the computer in question in parts and put her together . 
  the only thing i have never done is installed a cpu . 
  all i know is that i need thermal paste and where it goes . 
  my set up, 
  \u2022 4gb of ddr2 ram, 
  \u2022 amd athlon 64 x2 duel core processor 3800 + , 2009 mhz, 
  \u2022 windows 7 ultimate, 
  \u2022 graphics : nvidia geforce 9500gt, 
  \u2022 mother board : asrock n68c-gx fx, 
  i would like to get something that is more powerful , yet in the price range of 100-200 bucks . 
  anything you can recommend off the top of your head ? 
  also is buying used bad ? 
  i get most of my stuff used ( usually family and friends ) and really cheap so i am a bit new to buying parts for real prices . 
  what site is the best for this kind of stuff ? 
  newegg ? 
  it is an old pentium 3 laptop ( 700 mhz ) with 384 mb of ram ( was 64 but upgraded it , thats the max it supports ) an i was wondering if it would be fast enough to be a little music player ? 
  it has windows xp home edition sp3 . 
  10 gb hard drive . 
  im trying to hook up a gtx 480 to my computer and i have an older power supply . 
  ( 600w cooler master ( rp-600-pcar ) ) and it only has 2 , 6 pin power connectors . 
  would it be bad if i just plugged the 6 pin into the 8 pin connector and the other 6 pin into the 6 pin ?
