  hope you do n't get aids, 
  i have made a very informed and mature opinion about what you have said and i feel that this sums it all up perfectly . 
  i mean a picture is worth a thousand words right ? 
  choppy very choppy, 
  god awful, 
  give credit where credit is due , ass hole, 
  best thing on the new section so far, 
  you are really cute , the cat too, 
  100th comment woo, 
  i understood that reference !, 
  you did n't post anything, 
  i think that white people money smells so nice because it was earned, 
  ya sorry i took a picture so i could sent it to a friend . 
  i was going through my phone 's photo album and i saw karma . 
  thanks guys i am kinda new to reddit and this post has got me the most karma i have ever gotten . 
  it 's kinda sad really . 
  i already answered that question . 
  210 karma points !, 
  thanks guys this means a lot . 
  are you a guy or a girl, 
  why thank you i worked really hard on them . 
  wan na know the secret , its lots and lots of salt . 
  when and where i 'm down, 
  an i the only one who wants a meaningfull relationship at 15, 
  my hopes and dreams !, 
  you made me giggle, 
  are you from the south, 
  ya me too i di n't see the point of a relationship that is purely physical . 
  i mean i would n't say no to one but i would get bored after a while and break it up, 
  i wish i could dislike, 
  if someone did that to me i would understand and force conversation, 
  i almost left a witty comment but i forgot what it was . 
  true story . 
  ya `` drumming '' right, 
  i feel like such a creep when that happens but i do n't have any ill thoughts . 
  i do that too, 
  me too, 
  i am near trenton but can still hear a bit of action . 
  i just assume its fireworks to calm myself . 
  do n't worry i wont let you plus i like drills, 
  who is that, 
  are you a prostitute, 
  why the gasp, 
  good point, 
  ok i do n't watch much but i can enjoy one . 
  i just ca n't leave it after one episode though . 
  i need to watch them all at once so i get the full experiance . 
  and i do n't have the time for that . 
  oh and how old are you ? 
  well cheer up you still have plenty of time . 
  i 'm 15 too just bearly though turned 15 on june 25 th, 
  i ca n't think of a good thing to say now, 
  sweet sweet dreams . 
  i 'm at the beach for a week , same . 
  my math teacher sucked at teaching . 
  it took me longer to learn it from her then it did from the book . 
  do n't worry , just the other day i gave a cute girl a complement and walked away to see how she reacts . 
  i made a smooth retreat then was promptly locked out of the house . 
  found out it was her last day here ( i 'm on vacation at the jersey shore ) and she lived next door . 
  at my gas station there is stereotypical indian music constantly looping, 
  did you buy a boxen of doughnuts, 
  my brother ca n't and he refuses to learn, 
  all of us over 14, 
  only me and my friend ian seem to . 
  that was the funniest comic today . 
  canadian military , that 's a good one . 
  see the man keeps the gender rolls . 
  defines most of my high school . 
  my cat died 3 hours ago and this made me sad . 
  egg , sausage , and cheese on white retoasted bun, 
  well the feminism movement is trying to get women out of their social roles but we ca n't get out of ours without a shit storm, 
  well as a white male it should be where i 'm on top . 
  i just feel i have to give my shit to everyone while is mad at me . 
  i also have to frantically avoid offending anyone by accident . 
  * not saying i have the right to be on top but it was how society was built . 
  this turned me on . 
  i sold gum for 5 months in middle school . 
  walked way with $ 400 . 
  the vice princable caught me 2 and did n't do anything . 
  made an average of $ 10 a day, 
  well i 'm off to plan my trip to south amarica to buy boners . 
  mine is a bit small and i 'm looking for an upgrade . 
  anyone coming with ? 
  well your argument is strong and your points you go over in your discussion look good . 
  yes spoons do seem like a good replacement . 
  are you fat alex, 
  my god i was just thinking that . 
  i was at the beach and 6 flags great adventure and i had that same problem . 
  why did that turn me on ?!?!, 
  oh and your memes are bad and you should feel bad . 
  why does this remind me of my gym class, 
  ca n't handle the you too phrase can ya ? 
  brian regan, 
  your from the city are n't ya, 
  it 's true, 
  i had to get off my elliptical , turn off my music , and sit down to read that . 
  and i still failed . 
  i understood that reference, 
  my friend tried to show it to me in the middle of fucking art class !!!, 
  she loved it .
