i miss our kroons ={ though i find euros better looking . 
  there 's no visible conflict here . 
  pretty sure people just stay silent even though a lot of people are paranoid about the russian minority . 
  do you think they 're ever gon na do anything about balti jaam ? 
  we are never gon na get into nordic with that monster sitting next to our old town . 
  i think it looks awesome . 
  hopefully i 'll see it during my lifetime . 
  '' plays '' was probably bad wording on my part . 
  what i meant was that finland is basically a role model for us . 
  we 're doing great !, 
  :o ^ damn ^ you ^ finns edit : although to be fair , finland plays a big part in our education system . 
  i think there 's a lot of eu coverage and it 's pretty positive here . 
  huh ? 
  edit : nevermind , did n't see flair . 
  by `` northern bros '' i strictly meant finns , who are in the north and are our brothers . 
  i like you ... * we * like you . 
  wait . . estonia has this too !, 
  nordic please, 
  interesting that our northern bros have a higher unemployment rate than we do . 
  is it because of immigrants or some other factors ? 
  sometimes i go for `` northern europe '' when i do n't have time for geography lessons . 
  embarassing to read, 
  our old town in winter < 3, 
  damn it lithuania !, 
  pls we give potato, 
  yeah . 
  the last time i checked we were in the 770s ( the same source ) . 
  onward my nordic brothers !, 
  we have plenty of snow here !, 
  we love you !, 
  do n't we all want more money, 
  you guys were pretty crappy rulers . 
  sweden was kind & caring . 
  but it does n't matter . . you both left us . 
  whoever gets us into nordic gets our support !, 
  ... the nordics . . ? 
  you 're still filthy southerners ( can estonia into denmark vs sweden ? ), 
  the stats seem like bullshit either way though . 
  i thought it would be like 4 % ? 
  one tenth of the nation is pretty fucking tragic . 
  has ida-virumaa gone too far ? 
  i honestly have no idea how the people who get 400 euros a month stay alive here . 
  well , these people were in their ` working prime ' in the * soviet union * . 
  to be fair , pension in baltic states is , um . . pretty hard to survive on . 
  i should move to the netherlands . 
  estonia could not into cross flag . 
  but , perhaps ... in the future . 
  i think you 'd love estonia . 
  we have shit weather , low salary and high prices . 
  but it 's alright since our national debt is low , lol . 
  the majority of people protesting are simply an older generation of estonians . 
  i do n't think lasnam\u00e4e or ida-virumaa play a big part in this , but of course you can never be too sure . 
  embarassing . 
  i was hoping this whole thing would fail , but alas , the idiots show up . 
  i 'm actually really glad to see this kind of progress . 
  i demand an explanation, 
  '' the average russian miner in estonia gets 2,000 euros a month '' though . 
  what on earth ? 
  estonia because $ 2.7 an hour . 
  sad . 
  so i 'm not alone . 
  lol . 
  at least , he 's creative . 
  i do n't understand ekre and their voters . 
  why the fuck do you want to limit immigration when nobody 's moving here in the first place ? 
  estonia - indifferent . 
  i 'm glad it 's a relatively safe country . 
  i think the people are kind and pleasant for the most part . 
  planning on leaving . 
  i doubt i 'll return as there 's nothing important to me here . 
  we love you , iceland !, 
  i think the joke here is that they use tallinn instead of estonia, 
  the situation in russia and finland , yep . 
  it could be worse though, 
  not at all . 
  our growth has slowed down heavily . 
  aw , that 's amazing . 
  i hope they 're ok, 
  this child will have a much better life growing up in the uk rather than latvia . 
  nice, 
  ok thats pretty terrible . 
  i feel bad for estonian youth . 
  our blue is the colour of the cornflower , which is our national flower . 
  blue represents the sky . 
  black represents our soil and symbolises our dark history . 
  white symbolises hope and purity . 
  our flag was designed by our national student corporation in the late 19th century . 
  it was first raised as the national symbol in december of 1918 . 
  during the soviet occupation our flag was banned and replaced . 
  owning the flag was illegal until the late 80s . 
  in 1990 it was once again declared as our national flag . 
  our flag is everywhere during winters . 
  the act of being selfish is known as `` koonerdamine '' . 
  but realistically speaking , most people use `` juut '' ( jew ) . 
  especially older and less educated people . 
  i 've travelled to romania and i must say it 's an incredible country . 
  the people were the friendliest i 've ever met . 
  despite all of its economical and social ( ? ), 
  problems , i dream of going back . 
  you had to speak russian in the su so yeah .
