  before you parrot anything else any longer , know this : our entire market is dominated by foreign-owned businesses . 
  we do n't live in an anarcho-capitalist workplace & world ( just two-three steps away from becoming communist in nature ; very dangerous ) , we live in a minarchist ( at best ) or a moderate/heavy statist ( at worst ) world . 
  tribalism matters , ergo personal/semi-autarkic ownership matters ; it matters if pharmaceutical , petrochemical , defense contractors/manufacturers , technological , resource extractors , * etc * giants are either owned by * foreign * interests or at * our * interests . 
  the '' middle ground '' is trade , barriers , tariffs , and recently , lobbying . 
  how much did that motorcycle cost him ? 
  i was curious . 
  were you in hamburg during the g20 meeting ? 
  how are the dams & dikes in netherlands ? 
  some rumours going ` round ( silly things , nothing serious ) that some will cave in from the pressure in the near-medium future , which will result in a cataclysmic domino , and that the authorities are silent to not cause hysteria . 
  bah , just rumours , nothing serious !, 
   yeah dragnea would have fully admited the protests and complaints against psd are legitimate if soros was n't funding ngo 's in romania ... oh wait he is n't , not since 2007 or 2008 . 
  i 've laughed when dragnea made it a personal thing ( i think everybody did ) , however , when drawing the line , all these ngos & ngoers behaving like militants or paid operators is no more a laughing matter , excuse or mere coincidence . 
  remember when ponta was a target 24/7 ? 
  since he 's left , what else did you heard about him from these ngos ? 
  nothing . 
  now 's dragnea . 
  the problem [ is another one ] ( https://thisisafrica.me/france-loots-former-colonies/ ) . 
  four observations : 1 . 
  there 's absolutely no denial in which the multi - $ $ $ - billion geezer pours millions & pumps up ngos in countries , assuring a certain loyalty , subservility , reciprocal common interest or all three options , from these actors/operatives/militants we call '' activists '' or '' ngoers '' . 
  whether his foundation ( s ) contacts them * or * seek volunteers through which they form ngos * or * people contact his foundation ( s ) for $ to create ngos , all of that technicality talk is meaningless . 
  the fact of the matter is , and remains , that his contributions are active through these ngos in our countries ; personal direct implication or indirect implication . 
  it has become a high stake involvement because , irregardless whom you supported - potus trump or ussecstate clinton - both of the candidates mentioned heavily george soros , one way or another . 
  one of them blasted the geezer for creating instability & societal friction in his speeches , the other accepted donations & invited the geezer in her plane to fly through different parts of the world in latin america & africa . 
  interests , all ` round . 
  donald trump is potus & hearing him talk about soros ' involvement in different parts of the world and america . 
  if he did n't liked being badmouthed or presented in a dire light ( debunked or proven conspiracies ) , as some sort of machiavellian mastermind in bringing instability , he would 've put a stop into financing ngos once and for all or publish what ngo are supported by his money . 
  transparency , right ? 
  he would put down any critics of his forever ... yet ... he does n't ... he still throws money & perpetuating all of this . 
  we can laugh all day long visualizing these duos - orban vs soros or netanyahu vs soros ; or whoever you want vs soros - and make jokes about them . 
  statistically , however , at least my laughter ceases , when you measure the amount of actors/operatives/militants backed ( again , with or without personal implication , he already made it an implication in itself giving away money ) by his financial contributions for their ngos . 
  there 's no more laughter , it 's game on on how you make your bed & lie in it . 
  because of soros , every protest anywhere in this world will be treated as an instability fuss backed by his money . 
  the very act of protesting has been compromised by this hideous geezer & the ngos he supports . 
  let that sink in . 
  * he looks like mr bean in blackladder !, 
  can somebody from benelux clear this for me : is leopold ii the spark that led to the colonisation of africa ? 
  i hate these dumb shots , they 're like shutterstock photos , superficial and dumb . 
   anyway , your reply was helpfull for me to understand/learn more about romanians . 
  thank you . 
  good or bad ? 
  be honest with me . 
  :-) ) ( you can send me a message if you want to be private ), 
  we talk about this period for when populations migrated by the hundreds of thousands and we were in the way . 
  * the big/huge migrations * . 
  due to the sheer numbers , we had two choices : die every time any mongrel came in search for ... rome , i guess ... we either stood and be killed or hid in the mountains . 
  why fight useless wars , when the odds are stacked against you ? 
  the first bulgarian empire , for lack of a better analysis or terms , was a loosened entity & active in military campaigns . 
  you 're greek , you should know better than me what was the heated relation between the bulgars , kievans and byzantines . 
  so , what about us ? 
  we stood on the sides : either in forests and mountains , others took their families & they themselves became emigrants in the west , others meet-up with our relatives in pannonia ( before being butchered & others calling dibs while the blood was fresh ) , northern & eastern carpathians and northwestern , south & western balkans , and the rest tried to live their lives normally under constant migration waves ( albeit in dangerous circumstances ) . 
  others ... thought byzantium needed help . 
  why not talk this in greater detail ? 
  because it 's meaningless , * syntrofos * . 
  it 's not our history , it 's * their * history , their beginnings , their pride . 
  think of it this way : is the ottoman empire part of * your * history or the turks ' ? 
  there was '' collusion '' , but only one of you claims descendance from the ottoman empire , while the other claims descendance since classical antiquity . 
  now you know . 
  ---------------------- on the other hand , i dunno what history u/sunset _ overdrive read or learned to justify this self-censorship , maybe he also did n't heard of gelu , glad & menumorut . 
  i 'll throw salanus in the mix , the bulgarians & serbs will appreciate it . 
   broke the rules about funding of a party and an election in france . 
  from what i 've read , she was denied any financial support from france ( banks mostly from what i 've understood ) , and only the russians were willing to help her ( hence , the whole meddling viasco ) . 
  is this false or was she intentionally forced to commit questionable workarounds ? 
  heheh ... eastern europe : good as an opening market to scam , bribe , exploit desperation , spread corruption on purpose & ruin autochthonous industries on purpose ( calling them obsolete ) , selling for scrapheap , yet apparently ` picky ' with taste buds & simple basic math about grams . 
   these are the people who have no desire to make it better . 
  wo n't or ca n't ? 
   everything you said here it 's quite familiar for me . 
  then you do n't deny you 're justifying your life by defecating on others , publicly , so strangers on the internet can see . 
   you just changed stealing with laughing of us . 
  too bad for us if this is the case and unfortunately this is really the case . 
  we put shat like those as our rulers !, 
  deal with it and vote different next time and swallow your pride or be proud and ridiculous . 
  so much strawman ( s ) in just one little phrase , nothing do to with anything , but smearing ( for someone who hates communists , you do like using their tactics ) . 
  so mocking people , like the person on the left , is good just because it fuels your cynicism to justify your own fatalist existence into the next day ( more like * limping * into the next day ) , all while for every stranger to see . 
  you know what 's the good thing from this , the '' glass is half full '' ? 
  that these hackers , mustered by the nsa , are n't : - controlling/disrupting atcs & airplanes - modifying gps maps so that people driving will , * accidentaly * , drive off over the cliffs , unfinished bridges ... - injecting into computers that have links with satellites and instruct them to land on earth ... with a bang - messing with the electrical grid - etc, 
  always rely on romanians to defecate on each other for cynical reasons & laughs in order to justify , in their psyche , to continue living , right u/oppositefingat ? 
  i see no reason to be worried about . 
   if it was n't for communism we would n't have had so many people fleeing the east , at least here in romania . 
  xenophiles were leaving as far as 1880s , what are you talking about ? 
   even today a lot of people want to leave because as many people say here , communism held us back years in terms of development , education , technology , etc. 
  no , they want to leave because they do n't want to assume responsibility of ( re ) building anything here or changing anything . 
  do not confuse apathetic cowardice with hopelessness . 
   we would probably still be in decline but not so much and we would n't have experienced the brain drain after the revolution . 
  if those ` brains ' wanted the country to flourish or advance , they would n't have left in the first place . 
  there 's no flipping with what they'e done , it is what it is ; ergo xenophilia and universalism/cosmopolitanism . 
  why ? 
  if everything was trademarked/patented like apple does so with its products , jobs would n't have had nothing to work with . 
  i understood that his widow did n't wanted merkel to take stand & hold a speech , but only foreign european leaders . 
  then , from what i 've understood directly from der spiegel , she was advised against this ( it appeared like it was an ominous warning ) . 
  really ? 
  or liver failure . 
   moderator of   r/hungary, 
  hungarian terrorist . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6gki8u/romania_is_so_proud_that_it_is_part_of_the_eu/dirffyk/ u/vladgrinch, 
  hungarian . 
   , block it in the hosts file , what ? 
  how is one justified but the other is n't ? 
  secret services acquiring your informations = good non-secret services aquiring your informations = bad :-) ), 
   i am describing a worst case scenario , but it is not impossible , for the government to do that . 
  then , why does sweden , as a country , exists on the map ?
