poles also say auschwitz when we talk about the camp to avoid conflating it with the town of o\u015bwi\u0119cim , where people still live . 
  honestly , what did you expect ? 
  germans are very , very sensitive about this issue - and they are only human . 
  if you kick someone where it really hurts , do n't be surprised if they lash out . 
  they should n't , but nobody can be perfect all the time . 
  phoney ? 
  most middle-eastern islamic cultures are incompatible with western values , like respecting women rights , which leads to violence . 
  that is a fact . 
  the only problem is universally conflating religion with culture , but it 's foolish to deny the role of religion altogether . 
  to use a different example than islam ... 
  i 'm polish . 
  christianity is generally considered an okay religion nowadays , is n't it ? 
  but the polish church is led in large part by catholic extremists holier than the pope and as a result , many of our catholics are very hateful people . 
  does it mean catholicism is bad ? 
  no , but our particular brand of it can be , and we have to acknowledge it if we have any hope of changing it . 
  probably ca n't deport muslims based on their religion because that 'd be islamophobia . 
  sweden us fun like that . 
   using it to mean ` east asia ' is an americanism . 
  i 'm polish and when we say asian , we usually mean east asian . 
  indians are just indians ( well , ` hindusi ' in polish ) , middle-easterners are middle-easterners . 
  to be fair , religion influences general cultural traditions . 
  i 'm an atheist , but i 'd be lying if i said that growing up in a strongly catholic country did n't affect my worldview and behavior . 
  there are no good pizza places where you live ? 
  that 's tragic . 
  his parents were probably communists , that automatically makes him a filthy communist as well . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  see , that 's interesting . 
  if i saw polish athletes , i 'd root for them . 
  if i saw a usa vs. eu competition , i 'd root for eu ( even if there were n't any poles among them ) . 
  but if i saw an american vs. french or irish athlete , i would n't care and would support whomever i like the most . 
  gay person here . 
  i 'm not proud of being gay and it 's not why i , or any of my friends , go to pride . 
  we 're proud of persevering - and succeeding - despite the fact that our sexual orientation can often be a social hindrance . 
  we celebrate that we can openly march and be ourselves in places where once upon a time we could have been bullied or killed . 
  we show support to those of us who are still in the closet or fighting for their rights . 
  some of us are proud of being queer , yes . 
  i think it 's okay . 
  but for others like me , it 's like being proud of having blue eyes or being tall . 
  it 's not an accomplishment , it just ... is . 
  if it was completely socially acceptable , there would never be any pride . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  a lot of people here see the migrants as just that : economic migrants . 
  and while many might by sympathetic to children fleeing from war , they do n't want to finance ordinary people just looking for a better life . 
  in our case we also have a lot of ukrainian immigrants , so we do n't have a pressing need to import middle-eastern workforce . 
  it 's not simply that we 're cruel and hate helping people in need - or lack empathy , as you said . 
  we just look after our own before we look after anyone else , which is a reasonable behavior , i think . 
  a wave of migrants such as the one that hit germany or sweden is a huge strain on the budget and social cohesion , so it is n't only a matter of being empathetic or not . 
  refugees do n't even want to stay in our countries , they have higher economic aspirations ( and i do n't blame them , tbh ) . 
  out of 160 people poland brought from syria in 2015 , 75 % left the country . 
  nobody 's trying to get here illegaly . 
  if we take them , we ca n't forcibly keep them here - we 'll be just a pit stop before they sneak out to germany . 
  in this situation , you ca n't seriously expect the society to sympathize with them . 
  yep . 
  i have no hopes for gay marriage , it would require changing the constitution , but civil partnerships are a real possiblity in the future , provided that we elect a less catholic government . 
  i do n't think female homosexuality is mentioned at all . 
  it 's always been kind of side-lined , even today you 'll find people who claim it is n't sex if a penis is n't involved . 
  and also people who 'd happily stone a gay man , but salivate at the thought of two lesbians . 
  or maybe curbing our population will actually be good for us in the long term and by the time we get anywhere near extinction , the conditions will change or new solutions will become available . 
  we 're already pretty good at artificial insemination . 
  then i hope we never win eurovision because hearing 30 people butcher my language is more than i can handle . 
   it is a violation of constitution , which literally says `` judges can not be removed '' , and in general says they ca n't be influenced by executive power , to keep their independence and separation of powers . 
  in that same article the constitution also says : `` where there has been a reorganization of the court system or changes to the boundaries of court districts , a judge may be allocated to another court or retired with maintenance of his full remuneration . '', 
  the removal of all judges is unnecessary and suspicious , but it can be argued that it is n't unconstitutional . 
  however , the separation of powers is still a real issue and it seems that the president agrees . 
  let 's be more accurate . 
  out of the five judges sejm selected under po 's rule , three were constitutional and two were n't ( they were selected in advance , which should n't have happened ) . 
  the president refused to appoint all five . 
  there were no constitutional problems with the first three , only procedural , so the real compromise would have been to appoint them and select the other two again . 
  that way we might have avoided the crisis . 
  our society is becoming dangerously polarized , a process that 's been going on for a decade now . 
  i disagree with the other posters , i do n't think it would have come to anything violent - not over this law . 
  we are somewhat reluctant to participate in mass gatherings , our civil society is weak and it would take a very strong push to start real riots . 
  but there 's a real possibility of it happening in the future and it was a good move on the president 's part to defuse the situation . 
  paradoxically , the law and justice rule is strengthening us by giving us so many causes to band together and protest ; a few years ago half of us would n't have bothered , now suddenly everyone knows what institutions like e.g the constitutional tribunal are , how they work and why they 're important . 
  ` sh ' can approximate both ` sz ' and ' \u015b ' , depending on the word and the english speaker 's accent . 
  but in general i agree , ` sh ' is much closer to ` sz ' . 
  this is also how you 'd instruct a pole who does n't speak any english if they had to read an english text . 
  and poles did n't come up with this one !, 
  i did n't watch polsat , but it 's probably just one shot from the protests . 
  it 's nice to have his support and it certainly has its symbolic value , but i think most of us think he should just retire . 
  yes . 
  i never said otherwise . 
  how am i supposed to provide proof for what my friend heard from his father ? 
  i did n't wiretap him , you know . 
  nobody cares what you do until you come out to your father and basically get disowned - happened to a male friend of mine . 
  nobody cares what you do until other kids at school find out and bully you into suicide - happened to a girl i knew ( not very well ) back in junior high . 
  keep dreaming . 
  i live in poland and i also feel unsafe walking alone in certain areas . 
  this is a problem in big cities everywhere in the world . 
  a male gay couple is unsafe too - and the ones most likely to beat you up are the self-proclaimed `` defenders of christian poland . '', 
  a university professor was beaten up in a tram in warsaw for speaking german on the phone . 
  a girl i knew in junior high killed herself because she was bullied for being gay . 
  my half-moroccan friend was insulted for having darker skin . 
  poland is a good place to live , all things considered , but it is n't the oasis of peace some people make it out to be . 
  as a left-leaning liberal , i feel that po has nothing to offer me . 
  they were too opportunistic and too mindful of the church to ever make any significant changes in the social , not economical matters . 
  n. is fumbling , petru is an alright economist but not a very good public speaker - and the opposition desperately needs a charismatic leader . 
  psl , i have no idea who even votes for psl , pis probably won over their supporters in the rural regions with 500 + . 
  yes , that 's the crux of the problem . 
  but even when you support the government in general , you can oppose it on a few specific issues - you * should * oppose it , even .
