looked at / r/worldnews once or twice ... never went back . 
  in my post i said that people have ligit reason for hating us policies , but does n't mean it has to degenerate into name calling the citizens . 
  as a us citizen i feel your pain ... critisicm of us politics , and there 's plenty to critize , often devolves into `` stupid americans '' . 
  oh , so you 're reduced to calling me names . 
  very intelligent . 
  i do n't believe i said anything about secularism . 
  although , frankly i think the french have the right idea . 
  we can squabble about semantics all night , but bottom line is i think it 's ridiculous . 
  there are far more important issues in the world than what people wear and where they wear it . 
  which clothing standard ? 
  middle-class , the rich , the poor ? 
  i do n't know of any `` social norm '' related to too much clothing only too little clothing . 
  what french social norm ? 
  being half naked on a beach ? 
  or having your pot belly flop out of your speedo ? 
  the ban is just an excuse for racism . 
  if you wear a wetsuit you 'd look pretty much the same . 
  besides if you can run around half-naked on french beaches why is it offensive if someone wants to cover up . 
  did it every occur to the french officials that maybe the woman are n't comfortable exposing their bodies . 
  oh , crap , not again . 
  i do n't profess to be an expert on greece , but the reading i 've done says that one of the problems in greece is tax evasion especially by the wealthy . 
  the greek government has n't pursued tax evaders and so the government 's income is more limited that it would otherwise be . 
  i 'm going to guess it 's a lot more complicated then one single problem though . 
  and you can still travel ... it just may not be as easy as it used to be since you wo n't get stand in the passport line for eu only visitors . 
  not a dude ... i made no claim the us is perfect . 
  i simply said i do n't believe its impossible for marie le pen to be elected . 
  as for discrimmination ... i 've seen people of color spit at and called swine , i 've seen people on the metro get up and move if a person of color set next them them . 
  i 've been called a swine while sitting at a table in a resturant . 
  i have yet to see any person of color in a job that is n't menial . 
  no , i do n't expect the hysteria seen during the tump and brexit debacles . 
  please do n't misunderstand i love france and i 've found the french to be friendly ( even parisians ) , but you 're presenting france as this perfect place and it is n't anymore than any other country . 
  i 'm just not naive enough to believe that mlp ca n't be elected . 
  yep , exactly . 
  yes . 
  i 've been to france many times and i 've seem multiple incidents of discrimmination . 
  you 've marginalized many of your immigrants to where they riot in the streets . 
  so , your elections are suddenly going to be pristine ? 
  i doubt it . 
  i would n't count on it ... trump was n't supposed to win either . 
  the boats take tourists up and down the river . 
  we rented a canoe and canoed down the river . 
  words seem sadly useless . 
  stay strong , love each other . 
  i was in the dordogne last year and it was lovely !, 
  we rented canoes and floated down the river through la-rouge-gageac and it magical . 
  the whole area is beautiful . 
  i do pretty well until i get to the countries that were part of the ussr . 
  i especialy have a problems with the `` stans '', 
  me either . 
  ok , wow ... i do n't even know what to say . 
  obviously , if they settled for $ 1.1 billion it would have been worse had they gone to court . 
  no , unless halliburton has a share in transocean . 
  transocean owned deepwater horizon and leased it to bp . 
  do n't forget dick cheney ... halliburton made a ton of money during the war and much of it went into his pocket . 
  how many people have been maimed and killed so he could line his pockets ? 
  i live in the us , but we 're only 3.5 hours south of vancouver , bc so i have spent a fair amount of time in canada . 
  i think there are more similarities than difference , but there are some differences . 
  even if we did n't have border crossing i 'd know i 'm in a different county . 
  the architecture/style of the houses are different . 
  i can hear a canadian accent it does n't sound a nasal to me as a us accent . 
  everything in canada is more expensive ... 
  the us has some beautiful country , but canada ramps it up !, 
  the rockies are amazing although saskatchewan is just like the mid-west . 
  i have n't been to eastern canada , but i hope to one day . 
  i read pippi longstocking by the same author , but that 's all, 
  garbage collector . 
  i agree !, 
  i first tasted it in yorkshire and both my husband and i love it . 
  its somewhat affordable on amazon . 
  tour - just do n't, 
  we 're indoctrinated from a very young age that the us is the best country , has the most freedom , biggest military ... blah , blah , blah . 
  the 1st time i visited europe ( 7 countries in 15 days ... never do that ) i was fascinated by how different it was from country to country given the short distances . 
  now after several years of traveling i think there are quite a few things in europe that are better than the us and vice versa . 
  i 've seen these types of shower doors in france and italy . 
  even if the water does n't spray on the floor , they drip and make a mess . 
  still its part of the experience :-), 
  i usually say `` the uk '' or britain unless i referring to a specific place and then i 'll say england or wales ... or whatever . 
  i took 5 years of spanish in school and one year of german . 
  unfortunately , i really did n't have an opportunity to use either language and i 've forgotten almost everything . 
  i can understand spanish for the most part , but my brain does n't come up with a answer quickly . 
  so , i speak bad spanish , and a smattering of french and italian . 
  i bailed on even trying to learn a few polite phrases in dutch or welsh . 
  the us and canada had an on-going squabble over port roberts , wa . 
  point roberts is connect to the us mainland , but you can only get to it through canada . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/point_roberts,_washington it still crops up from time to time when one or other of the canadian or american contingents get grumpy with each other . 
  your reddit comments show your lack of imagination ... if you 're going to make condescending and rude remarks the least you can do is be creative . 
  as an american that lives in a blue state which also has a open-carry state ( for guns ) ... i am far more worried about someone walking into a market , school , church or theater and opening fire than being a victim of crime in europe . 
  as a woman taveling in europe i have never felt the least bit afraid ... a bit stupid sometimes , but not afraid . 
  i guessing eurostar ? 
  it 's pricey . 
  flying might be cheaper . 
  well , it does confirm their opinion that we 're stupid . 
  us - the proliferation of guns and random shooters are more likely to kill me than any foreign terrorist . 
  that 's a really big , complex question . 
  overall , i think the eu is a good idea . 
  the flow of goods and people between the various member states helps economic growth especially for the smaller and/or poorer countries . 
  i do n't really know enough detail on the the regulations implosed by the eu to know whether they 're overly onerous . 
  purely , from a vistor 's point of view the eu has simplfied travel ... one currency and i 've walked or trained across borders with no passport control or immigrations stops . 
  given the current refugee crisis is that a good thing , i do n't know . 
  i 've been traveling to europe very year or two since 2000 and every new trip i see more and more construction and road works .
