   as in other states and territories , conservative christian groups such as the australian christian lobby ( acl ) called for criminalising clients . 
  [ act 11 ] [ act 12 ] groups supporting this position included the coalition against trafficking in women australia , [ act 13 ] [ act 14 ] while sex workers argued against it . 
  [ act 15 ] the catholic church has also opposed it . 
  there is a quasi union group for sex workers - the scarlett alliance and the industry group called the eros association , the second of which greatly funds the australian sex party . 
  you can see the state divide on the wiki page : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prostitution_in_australia, 
  its legal and taxed here in nsw , and i think most other states . 
  prossies can even claim tax deductions . 
  brothels need to be registered and operate like any other businesses . 
  you just push more things underground with these types of laws . 
  yup , but usa falls like 7 places haha . 
  the only country i see as superior is norway , because as we know , an entire country 's worth is built upon the most holy of measurements , hdi and they always beat us  :( but we beat the other scandi countries !, 
  one day though , norway , one day : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty7oisqverg, 
  swedish , russian and french :3, 
  same thing happened here in australia , people were pissed off at the two major parties and the greens do n't chanfe much from their usual number of supports , so all these protest votes went to a mining billionaire who wants to build a second titanic and a jurassic park themed resort . 
  its like they literally have their heads in the sand while a pipe is up their duffs feeding them russian gas . 
  it 's a double-edged sword , given its tenancy to reduce purchasing power . 
  however , at least its likely that eu stocks will rise !, 
  given that 's where it goes , at least in the us ... 
  it 's alright guys , they 're just a little busy giving it to the us over those cheese names . 
  ca n't take a joke either , mate . 
  ca n't barrage the farage . 
  i like the characters on / int / ; that one dude obsessed with maisey williams , riley , the interpal people , the drama over fwg . 
  maybe i 'm just easily amused . 
  where are the lesbians then ? 
  i demand it for ... equality . . !, 
  so , 2 % or just two respondents actually picked australia as ukraine ? 
  as an aussie who 's been to europe and singapore ; ___ ;, 
  damn it , why did n't i invest in eastern polen !, 
  lol what ? 
  the us can never actually be ` too broke ' being the global reserve currency . 
  they can run deficits for years without too much relative pain as other countries are forced to hold usd reserves used to buy oil in the international market place . 
  the winding up of qe will hurt russia far more than it will hurt domestic usa . 
  be geographically closer :(, 
  they 're still earning interest from it i think and it may take some time before it is returned to wherever it should go . 
  the swiss are a practical people . 
  if only australia really was nordic :( we 'd supply the eu with all the gas it needs . 
  but how do you guys handle all the months of darkness and cold ? 
  crap , just spent the last 3 and a half weeks travelling by swiss trains . 
  impressive transport there , must be very rare for the swiss i would think . 
  as long as my mother keeps her german citizenship , they ca n't take it away from me despite me also being an australian and swiss citizen :p, 
  do n't worry , i 'm not sure if i could anyway . 
  although i still feel some attachment to it as a motherland , i 'm sure there are other people who need something like this a lot more . 
  woah , that would mean i could effectively have 4 citizenships . 
  although i do n't really speak the language . 
  but collection passports wise ... 
  release the gypsies . 
  that 's why there is always the chinese . 
  its funny seeing the circlejerk over in / r/unitedkingdom that somehow this guy was actually going to get power . 
  everything in moderation , mate . 
  i 'm sure they 'll enjoy their likely renal failure at an older age . 
  not everyone has tiger blood in 'em . 
   `` by properly filtering the message through public television , what viewers at home see is that this is a mob , throwing stones and attacking police . '', 
  lmao , probably because it actually happened ? 
  must be the queen or something haha, 
  yeah , that 's the other part of it . 
  offshore processing . 
  bring back decent funding to frontex ( i think its starting ) and stop/intercept the boats in the first place . 
  then you have the funds and resources to take in the actual refugees in the un camps that ca n't afford to ` country shop ' . 
  this would be funny if it was n't so tragic . 
  its a trap , do n't go . 
  you 'll only meet dickhead aussies and kiwi 's :p, 
  this is why i 100 % support the uk/aus/us plan to take their refugees straight from the un camps . 
  you take the most vulnerable , the most oppressed and the truly desperate . 
  but the crux of the matter is , you ca n't help everyone . 
  people are scared to stand up to the pc ` bullies ' ( no , i have n't seen the latest south park , but it looks interesting ) . 
  a few countries have already shown it is all bluster and rhetoric anyway . 
  there are no consequences for calling these people on their shit . 
  refugees have a right to claim asylum in the first safe country in which they arrive , not the next one , or the one after , or the one after that . 
  lmao , the eu is going to sanction their own eastern/central member states ? 
  russian sanctions are doable , just . 
  the global economy is barely hanging on . 
  the us is the strongest economy and still can not raise rates a meagre 0.25 % . 
  the eurozone is still in a mess - it would political and economic suicide to start sanctioning members for not accepting quotas . 
  the un ca n't do shit without all permanent security members agreeing on a resolution and germany is n't even one of them . 
  we 've done worse for years , much to the un 's chagrin . 
  they wo n't do shit . 
  yeah , its a nice feeling having sovereignty over your borders and currency tbh . 
  this is why we 've agreed to take our quota directly from the refugee camps in turkey or lebanon . 
  this is the usual shitty clickbait from news.com.au facebook feed . 
  lmao , the chick with the ciggy . 
  `` do not believe the lying people smugglers '' hmm , reminds me of something i 've seen before ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt12wh4a92w 00:40, 
  greece should be given a lot more support , given their circumstances . 
  vaguely remembered reading that eu emergency relief funds were available for greece to use ? 
  jesus christ , i thought the uk was cheap . 
  a masters degree at the best/most popular uni 's are ~ 30kaud or # 14,000 . 
  undergrad is about just over half . 
  the swiss have much tougher border controls and a public with a very hard line towards illegal immigration . 
  hell , immigration itself . 
  you have to have lived their for a minimum 10 years to even be considered for citizenship . 
  the eu will owe hungary a great debt . 
   now mauritania is literally on the other side of africa . 
  pakistan is literally on the other side of asia . 
  easier now for them to try europe than autralia , where they used to attempt by boat . 
  you 're a big continent . 
  basically there is a genuine problem with the number of aslyum seekers . 
  too many , not being integrated properly , problem of ghettos and the strain on the welfare state . 
  it threatens the very structure if none of these people end up being productive and the numbers continue to grow . 
  you 'd be surprised what the swedish say when they 're not in sweden and on the other side of the world . 
  so you 're saying europe is going to try and ... stop the boats ? 
  they do n't .
