b-but frau merkel controls all ; __ ;, 
  maybe she should raise wages . 
  has n't german real wages fallen in the past few years ? 
  those accents , hnngg, 
  because certain major members economic policies are protectionist and anti-growth ... 
  godamnit hungary , i thought they were besties with polan . 
  incoming inflation ? 
  they blew up a civilian airliner thinking it was some cargo plane - i do n't think they give a shit who gets hurt on their little vacations . 
  feels like they 've all come here . 
  i think we now have over a million uk nationals in a population of ~ 22million . 
  am i reading this right ? 
  they wanted their own fucking roads ? 
  elitist little shits . 
  1 norway 0.891 2 australia 0.860 every . 
  time . 
  also the us dollar surging lately as the fed reserve looks to actually raise interest rates , possibly early next year . 
  that 's honestly not far off the average sydney beer price . 
  well , i guess that makes us practically neo-nazis . 
  is wanting to reduce asylum seeker intakes to reasonable levels seen as racist and far right in sweden ? 
  stop the trucks !, 
  annnd that 's why they all come here . 
  everyone else get rekt . 
  aud , of course ? 
  it is high - i wish that high . 
  its about $ 15-16 , depending on your age . 
  man if you think eu housing prices are getting bad , australian ones will give you a heart attack . 
  we barely had a dent during the gfc . 
  the prices in capital cities at the moment are insane . 
  the median sydney house price is over $ 800,000 . 
  my bet is the ecb will finally succumb to stimulus . 
  ha , i wonder what swedes would think of our refugee policies ... 
  we / int / now . 
  muhahaha, 
  noice , blueberry shots sound amazing . 
  our snowy region is home to some flavoured schnapps that i loved . 
  getting out the printing presses ala ` quantitative easing ' . 
  actually thinking about going next summer . 
  suggestions for alcoholic drinks there ? 
  i know the finnish probably have good vodka/other spirits , what about beer ? 
  i sometimes think the entire character of alf stewart was created to expose europeans to strange stereotypical aussie sayings like ` flaming galah ' . 
  that said , i love me some dubbed alf : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v401yr0ymxg, 
  come wtf mate with us, 
  ehh , 90 % of the population are located in some of the worlds most livable cities . 
  they 're not any more dangerous in terms of wildlife and weather than most us or european cities . 
  the vast isolated areas of the outback are the tourist deathtraps . 
  our surprisingly popular mass export of ` home and away ' and ` neighbours ' , apart from the uk , its apparently very popular in the northern european countries as well . 
  why ca n't he just be happy with crimea ? 
  no compulsory conscription for anyone in australia ... 
  i remember when i turned 18 getting a letter from switzerland saying if i stayed there longer than 6 months on my swiss passport i could be eligible for the mandatory military training service . 
  one day , norway , one day we 'll get you . . 
  sure , everything is expensive , but i 'd put it even living expenses with norway and switzerland . 
  australian median household wealth i think is actually no. 1 or no. 2 in the world . 
  we have very high wages , you can earn 40-50kaud full time as a bartender here . 
  exports are reliant on china , sure , but we also have big education providers for the rest of south east asia wanting nearby western education , and professional services is huge . 
  the water situation is n't that bad and the majority of the population live in those greener major cities . 
  one day , mate , one day we 'll catch you bastards ... 
  next thing you know they 'll be shit-posting australians barging in ! . . 
  this seems stupidly risky - we 're pushing to send in 100 + federal police and '' defence personnel '' ( i.e sas-r ) into a crazily volatile area , all so abbott can look tough and distract from domestic politics . 
  any proper evidence is probably long gone , what are we there for ? 
  surely we do n't need all these people to find bodies . 
  i 'm just a little bit skeptical about the whole purpose of this ( and not about some conspiracy covert rebel tracking op ) . 
  feels like abbott ironically is taking a page from putin 's book with the use the troops and ` operation get them home ' to distract from domestic problems . 
   the rebel commander who said he was in charge of guarding the site identified himself as commander grumpy -- `` because i get grumpy when i spend too much time away from destroying ukrainian bmps [ armoured fighting vehicles ] and tanks . 
  you do n't want to see me grumpy '' . 
  he said he did not know where the bodies would be taken . 
  `` maybe they will go here , maybe there , '' he said . 
  ...  at the crash site , hundreds of separatists wielding heavy weapons eventually let through a convoy from the osce special monitoring mission , a body set up by international governments to act as observers in conflict zones . 
   the group 's spokesman , michael bociurkiw , said the militants in control of the site had granted his team more access than on friday , when they first arrived and were only permitted 75 minutes before being told to leave . 
  mr bociurkiw 's 24-strong team witnessed unidentified emergency personnel moving the bodies . 
  `` there are ` experts ' here who brought body bags with them . 
  they are moving the bodies to the side of the road , '' he said . 
  what a fucking shitshow . 
   `` if you harm one of us , you harm us all '' . 
  if only there was some military treaty between countries in europe , built upon that line that a country could invoke ... 
  could the dutch theoretically invoke article 5 ? 
  flag of nsw and australian flag also flying at half mast on the sydney harbour bridge : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bs36qblcmaeg7kg.jpg:large, 
  yeah , its ok . we 're even getting two heli-carriers from spain and a bunch of subs from you guys , i think . 
  special forces and logistics are the real strength . 
  i 've never felt so relevant . 
  christ , i wonder what they think of us then . 
  beat new zealand , all that matters . 
  dunno , would probably get visa free access to sweden . 
  tfw dual swiss-australian citizneship tfw citizenship in two of the most expensive countries in the world, 
  i thought the feminist initiative was satire , what with the whole ` man tax ' thing . 
  nope ... 
  people do n't agree with me , how worrying ... 
  up to date ratings : http://countryeconomy.com/ratings countries with all bars light blue still have aaa ratings from all 3 agencies . 
  i want to punch whoever produced that god-awful introduction segment for us ... wow . 
  and as usual , its the every-day person that gets hurt the most by these conflicts :( as the article says , a lower ruble is a boon for oil and gas exporters . . 
  but it was n't their policy ... its been the democrats in power for the last term and a half . 
  not that there 's much difference , but at least the neocons expected a reaction from russia . 
  both the eu and the whitehouse have kinda been blind-sided by putin . 
  its because they kept the pound and thus sovereign control of their monetary policy ... bank of england have been doing their version of qe . 
  edit : downvoters care to correct ? 
  the uk has had a bigger recovery because of their monetary policy by the boe . 
  the same neocons who correctly identified russia as the biggest risk ... 
  quickly ? 
  the united states 6th fleet . 
  i feel like some of brussels special bank accounts may accidentally get lost in the confusion though . . 
  only by the usual christian groups .
