  yes , you do . 
  guess you 're stuck with your media . 
  it 'll take a while but you just have to put them in the processing centres . 
  its a bit of a big ask now , maybe camps within the mainland countries would be better . 
  regardless , you intercept any future boats , arrest the people smugglers and put those asylum seekers in the process centres till they are verified . 
  they 're free to leave to go to a unhcr camp or their home country . 
  pay another 8-10k usd to another smuggler ? 
  intercept , arrest , back to the processing centre . 
  any legitimate asylum seeker can be resettled in german , sweden whoever wants to take them . 
  give greece its debt relief for a few islands to build processing centres . 
  its bullshit . 
  every month the number of intercepts are reported like usual . 
  its just not on the day like it used to be . 
  got ta love those simulator loving germans : http://i.imgur.com/e1bcwgm.jpg, 
  they 're economic . 
   omar sirwan , an ethnic kurd from iran , said he started his journey to europe on july 29 . 
  when he got to istanbul , he paid a smuggler 8,000 euros to get him to england . 
  `` i like the people ; i know about the country . 
  i speak a little english , '' he said . 
  `` here i know nothing . '' this is exactly what asylum seekers who come from middle east/asia ( sri lanka , bangladesh , etc. ), 
  do when they get to indonesia . 
  they pay about 10k usd to a people smuggler to get them to australian waters . 
  of course , now it is very well known australia will turn you back or take you offshore to process , so they 've stopped coming . . 
  the naaru and png camps holding the immigrants before the turn back policy are pretty bad though . 
  like , they are free to return home ( the gov will even pay for the flight ) , but its pretty poor conditions . 
  tonez is trying to bang the national security drum in a desperate attempt to revive terrible poll numbers . 
  all he has been able to do is stop the few asylum seeker boats coming here . 
  just about every other government policy has been terrible . 
  they 're getting a lot of cash . 
  well if they were n't turned back , then they got onshore , which then would be pretty obvious . 
  i do n't believe any more are actually sent to png since abbott came to power . 
  if they are sent to png , they are counted as an intercept , which is recorded . 
  all that has been stopped in regards to ` reporting ' is constant media press releases every time a boat is found . 
  intercepts are usually found out by our media through navy leaks and the government still gives out regular reports : http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-08-06/dutton-confirms-asylum-seekers-sent-back-to-vietnam/6676780, 
  we had an immediate decrease when it was announced there would be no more onshore processing and anyone without a valid visa would not be settled in australia , unless their identity as a genuine refugee could be established . 
  actually a really fun game . 
  germany , pls calm down . 
  haha , how good is it being an island though , ey . 
  you should actually try this . 
  just give greece ` debt relief ' in favour of building immigration processing camps on a few islands . 
  ahem , fuck off , we 're full . 
  yahoo , ngb american deposit ( sa ) : nyse https://au.finance.yahoo.com/echarts?s=nbg#symbol=nbg;range=5y no idea what the sa means , honestly . 
  polan stronk !, 
  the national bank of greece is at $ 0.86 , what a bargain !, 
  i wonder where it 'll be in few years time . 
  this time last year it was $ 3.50 , in 2012 it was $ 15.00 , in 2010 it was around $ 150.00 ... 
  right at the peak , before the gfc , it was almost $ 700 !, 
  polak , w\u0119gier -- dwa bratanki , i do szabli , i do szklanki , oba zuchy , oba \u017cwawi , niech im pan b\u00f3g b\u0142ogos\u0142aw -- pretty interesting history between the two : `` in six months , during his 1939 invasion of poland , the common polish-hungarian border would become of major importance when admiral horthy 's government , on the ground of long-standing polish-hungarian friendship , declined , as a matter of `` hungarian honor , '' [ 8 ] hitler 's request to transit german forces across carpathian rus into southeastern poland to speed that country 's conquest . 
  the hungarian refusal allowed the polish government and tens of thousands of military personnel to escape into neighboring hungary and romania , and from there to france and french-mandated syria to carry on operations as the third-strongest allied belligerent after britain and france . '', 
  it was a bit of a joke , but there are actually a lot of young italians in australia on working and holiday visas , as well a lot of established communities here since ww2 . 
  its the second most popular language foreign language after mandarin/cantonese combined . 
  half of them are in sydney and melbourne . 
  andorra belongs to andorrans !, 
  stop the spanish invasion now !, 
  our ` biker ' gangs do n't attack government buildings . 
  they generally keep it clean by just trying to revenge-kill rival members leaders with simple shootings , or the most brazen recently , bludgeon rival gang members in an airport . 
  i know its a bit of cherry-picking by photographers , but i can tell you the people in thelocals galleries are definitely more good looking than your average sydney night club . 
  whenever i click on thelocals people watching gallery , i just feel depressed . 
  from my understanding , they just want to reduce asylum seeker intakes . 
  their policy on immigration would be considered pretty mainstream here , probably even slightly left . 
  we get a considerable amount of swedes here , wonder if they get any ideas . 
  stop the dogs !, 
  off to manus island for those splendid global citizens . 
  feels good to be an island . 
  our peak was maybe a few hundred a month in 2012-2013 , i ca n't imagine 180,000 in 6 months . 
  greece is in for pain vs a fuck load of pain . 
  what are they going to do if they do n't agree ? 
  they ca n't print euro 's , they will literally run out of money if the ecb stops providing emergency funds . 
   the greek economy is on the brink of collapse after the capital controls imposed before the referendum left the country with shortages of food and drugs , the tourist industry facing a wave of cancellations and banks with barely enough money to survive the weekend . 
  if their government continues this rhetoric they wo n't even have a tourism industry . 
  what do they hope to gain from this crap ? 
  crashing this union , with no survivors !, 
  the next week is going to be pretty scarey for the citizens of greece . 
  i think its likely they will vote in the referendum to stay with the euro and accept the creditor 's proposals . 
  what i 'd like to know is what happens say if they do , the gov says the people have decided so we also accept the creditor proposals . 
  does the ecb give them emergency cash again ? 
  the ecb payment i think is actually due july 20th and that would be an official default . 
  i do n't think they will . 
  in referendum after referendum , almost always the protest vote is overstated . 
  when it comes time to cast the ballot , human nature means voters shift toward safety and predictability . 
  if the polls are within a few percentage points , i expect greeks to choose the the known outcomes over the unknown one of default and likely exit . 
  fyi the june 30th payment to be missed wo n't be a default , just in arrears to the imf . 
  if the july 20th ecb payment is missed , that will be a technical default and they will lose access to eu liquidity . 
  they are usually put in lifeboats with a gps that sets a course for indonesia . 
  for genuine refugees , that those international treaties say they need to go to the ** first ** safe country . 
  we certainly did not . 
  we walked out in protest when he was announced and before his acceptance speech . 
  thanks mate , dunno how we 'll go with no cahill though :(, 
  yeah , to europe . 
  it actually looks like we 'll have more livable land given the giant underground lake that will appear in the middle of the desert . 
  this is also why i could never believe the wage cap , in terms of equal experience and equal job description , existed . 
  as if a firm would n't jump at the chance to save 23 % or whatever it is in labour costs by hiring women . 
  this and us giving the uk zero points were the highlights for me . 
  top banter all round , hope we somehow get to go again . 
  i think americans will always see themselves as just americans , while we sometimes see ourselves as ` misplaced ' europeans in the mdidle of the asia-pacific . 
  large european diaspora . 
  a lot of us have roots back there so its been a cult following for 30 years . 
  dat 12/12 swap with sweden . 
  and rank 1 in the tele-vote with each other . 
  straya is nordic .
