  straya is yuro !, 
  c'mon m8 , we 're in it this year !, 
  singlets ( wifebeater ) and thongs ( flip-flops ) . 
  can we ` help ' with the boats . 
  we 'll take them \\ o / we 're buying lhd hulls from spain , may as well get some minstrals on the cheap . 
  can never have enough boats . 
  your most expensive is about the low range for sydney units ... 
  wub wub :3, 
  i mean , it is a wonderful place , for white people . 
  and we have you , the uk , to thank for it !, 
  for queen and country , 
  we 'll have to wait a bit longer to see if its just not another ` low ' in a cycle but yes , it looks like numbers are dropping off . 
  although the government has now made a policy of not reporting boat interceptions , so not sure how accurate the stats may be - for us it was never really that large of a problem , europe faces far greater numbers than we had . 
  turning back boats , building offshore processing centres and declaring no re-settlement is a start . 
  there are perfectly legal paths to getting asylum through the un and we take our quota each year , while the circumstances may be tragic , people should not be allowed to ` skip the queue ' so to speak , just because they can pay a smuggler some cash to get ahead . 
  yes it worked , but we are still holding hundreds of people in ` detention centres ' on remote pacific islands ( tragic irony ? ), 
  who are in legal limbo . 
  these camps do not have good conditions at all , however , it has deterred more people from making the journey here and instead they go to other countries in asia or a closer country to them . 
  some of these people pay up to 10k usd to smugglers so that they can make it to australian shores or be intercepted and processed onshore . 
  now its clear that no one who arrives by boat will be settled here , the numbers have definitely dropped . 
  you just know there will be an eleventh hour deal - i feel even worst case scenario the us might even give a low or almost no interest loan to greece just out of the fear they may be pulled towards russia . 
  boats , you say ? ... 
  he helped our dollar drop when it was insanely high and crushing our export markets . 
  what a mess . 
  our government 's current policy is to use the navy to intercept asylum seeker boats and take them to offshore processing centres , namely manus and christmas island , to ascertain whether they are really need to seek asylum or just ` economic ' refugees . 
  its a very grey area where the government can essentially ` detain ' refugees for years . 
  the entire aim is to dissuade people from making the journey , to stop people smugglers from being made thousands of dollars as it becomes clear that you wo n't be settled in australia . 
  the conditions at these detention centres are not exactly nice : http://hrlc.org.au/un-finds-australias-treatment-of-asylum-seekers-violates-the-convention-against-torture/, 
  2 , 5 and 9 . 
  do you have an illegal immigration problem ? 
  call us now on 1800-stop the boats the first 100 callers will receive this fun and educational flash game , absolutely free !, 
  dat bear dance at the end , majestic . 
  they are 100 % of the aaa rated debt market . 
  mate . 
  ( mind you we eat roos , but they 're more like pests and are n't endangered like these guys ), 
  i think this dude 's just a poor mans troll . 
  wait what , i did n't even know there was a perth in scotland , i assumed the reader assumed it was in australia . 
  it was more the part about them being french . 
  urghhh , tumblr sjw 's really rustle my jimmies . 
  why would you do this , guys pls ; _ ; just look at the little guys : http://imgur.com/a/aixyj?gallery, 
   ( lagarde ) i welcomed confirmation by the minister that payment owing to the fund would be forthcoming on april 9th . 
  no direct quote from him , i guess . 
  edit : found it on reuters : http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/06/us-eurozone-greece-imf-iduskbn0mx01d20150406  greek finance minister yanis varoufakis said on sunday that greece `` intends to meet all obligations to all its creditors , ad infinitum , '' seeking to quell default fears ahead of a big loan payment athens owes the imf later this week . 
  voldy said he is gon na pay them . 
   the un convention relating to the status of refugees prohibits forcible returns . 
  haha , good one . 
  hahaha , 16 uk . 
  literally third world , mate . 
  some people think that subversion is what led to leftist identity politics/sjw cultural warfare in the us today . 
  soon , norway , soon . 
  but obviously austerity does n't work and we can always borrow and spend our way out of a debt crisis . 
  pls gib , france . \\ o / we are upgrading ships and subs to combat rising threat of boat people and chinese . 
  yeah , its a bit heavy handed , but i do feel for the people who are anxious yet thankful for nato protection , even if its at least against the ` little green men ' . 
  haha , shirtfront !, 
  straya can into relevance :3, 
  yes , australia is shit , very third world . 
  please do n't come to sydney and melbourne especially because it is like a seventh circle of hell - fuck off we 're incredibly full . 
  pls gib . 
  although we do have anzus with the us and nz , but it has nothing as sold as article 5 . 
  [ oh you , switzerland ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/010/390/pc8jf5t4ewcdkcmu.jpg ), 
  we did it guys , the western gay cia mi6 leftist homo neo-nazi 's have finally killed putin . 
  aww , its kinda qt . 
  the swiss * are * telling the greeks , look here is all this money , you 're welcome to come and look through it . 
  they have n't . 
   `` the greek government has done nothing for a year to recover supposedly untaxed assets of greek citizens in switzerland . 
  there is an invitation extending from 2014 by the swiss secretariat for international financial matters ( sif ) to track the money and transfer them to athens , '' the german newspaper die welt pressed earlier today , accusing athens for ignoring the black funds hidden in swiss bank accounts . 
   the swiss agency confirmed that greek finance minister yannis varoufakis as well as his predecessors had never replied to the swiss authorities ' invitation . 
   ftth haha , yes , having that , so nice . . ; ____ ; so close :(, 
  appeasement can not buy security and freedom . 
  based burgers , pls defend from china . 
  except greek debt had a high risk of ` contagion ' back in 09/10 . 
  they were and are connected to the rest of europe . 
  single country defaults , yes , can happen and its not the end of the world , but it certainly is when countries are intertwined , like everyone is to the us ... 
  based bolan i guess it was too much to ask that we send some actual talent instead of generic pop star no . 
  12 wish we sent people like the cat empire : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0bxv4d0wjg , its a bit alternative but at least its decent music . 
  nah , that 's only for mates that are cunts . 
  fucking cunts , we should keep up the sanctions . 
  got ta stop those boats , mate . 
  . . but actually all about defense from chinese expansion . 
  straya is yuropean . 
  your official cash rate is also -0.50 % . 
  crazy . 
  what about straya ? 
  :( tfw not relevant enough . 
  imposing mandatory detention centres to process all arrivals stemmed the tide for us , along with a diplomatic deal with indonesia . 
  the same , with turkey , should work for the eu . 
  the un will have a fucking whinge like usual , but it works . 
  as an aussie swiss with a hungarian background i use this friendship to hit on qt polish girls here . 
  so thank you from the bottom of my heart polan !, 
  mobility scooter , likely an american . 
  you ca n't also rule out the people smuggler business trying to create that image as well , just to drum up more business . 
  it is in their interest of course . 
  we faced a very similar pr war , and no small part of border protection is spent combating misinformation by people smugglers . 
  and we are , lmao . 
  we do n't really need a large army given our geography . 
  getting new subs ( eventually ) and lhd 's as navy is the most important . 
  hmm , i wonder if they 're in the same street as ours . 
  you joke , but we did something similar with indonesia . 
  for the greeater gooood . 
  we have not had any boat intercepts for over a year now i think .
