they will leave voluntarily if smug leftists like you get your will anyway . 
  i dont save comments or take notes . 
  point is , this sub is far from being a / pol / clone . 
  libya turned out great compared to syria . 
  assad is not an option . 
  this sub has pretty diverse opinions . 
  rabid left wingers will get downvoted , but so will radical right wingers as well . 
  many countries have very different dialects that can be hard for people from different parts of the country to understand . 
  anyway , i get it , germany and austra are two different countries . 
  it 's not good . 
  assad 's a piece of shit dictator . 
  he 's allied with hezbollah and iran . 
  russia also attacks fsa more than it attacks isis . 
  russia also vetoed the no fly zone over syria that could have ended the war years ago ... fuck russia . 
  is n't austrian very close to bavarian ? 
  germans surely undestood what their austrian leader said during his 12 year reign . 
  they only dislike we because it tries to push their failed multi-culti experiment on them . 
  latvia and estonia both have large russian minorities . 
  russia is definitely a threat to these countries . 
  since when is anglo racially offensive ? 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  i guess its a bit like scandinavian countries . 
  having more than 0 children is basically a crime in germany . 
  they all desperately want their own people to die out because of the six gorillion . 
  `` conservative '', 
  you used to be part of germany for a while . 
  you also speak german . 
  less immigration might come of it , and thats a good thing imo . 
  i 'm pretty sure thousands of immigrants sexually assaulting women egged those attacks on . 
  not politicians . 
  i still think the risk of getting beaten up because you have dark skin is pretty low in western europe . 
  being anti-immigration rarely means you go around beating up any dark skinned person you see . 
  please dont talk about europe like it 's a singular homogenous blob . 
  i doubt that had much of an impact . 
  refueling a nuclear reactor is a complicated and expensive task . 
  i doubt the price of uranium ore matters much , considering they can go 20 years or so without refueling . 
  it 's definitely a problem but it doesnt prove you right . 
  what do you wan na do about this anyway ? 
  dismantle the eu ? 
  i agree with his point . 
  i do n't agree with his condescending attitude and naive worldview . 
  got any evidence for this happening ? 
  how exactly does germany leech business ? 
  the uk was barely hit at all after the 1940 blitz . 
  the damage done was close to nothing compared to what germany received . 
  the damage done in 1940 was probably repaired before the war ended . 
  that lack of competition should have benefitted the uk the most . 
  your industry was intact . 
  germany had to rebuild their country like all its neighbors . 
  how exactly did post war germany benefit from destruction of industry in neighboring countries ? 
  their own industry received massive damage as well , not the mention the division of the country . 
  i dont think the difference in natural resources between germany and the uk is that big either . 
   it has proven to be unable to resist murdering its neighbors for the past like 1500 years . 
  with the exception of the brief american administered interregnum of the late 20th/early 21st century . 
  thats real easy for you to say as you have an entire continent for yourself with no real opposition other than slave owners and a few natives . 
  please go elsewhere with your american exceptionalist bullshit . 
  the uk also got way more marshall funding than germany ... almost three times more if i recall correctly . 
  germany was also destroyed to a much larger extent than the uk . 
  add the loss of 7.3 million people and being torn in half for 45 years . 
  not to mention all their best engineers and scientists . 
  you 're just butthurt because you cant compete with german ingenuity , 
  did mommy deny you milk today ? 
  because brown people are the new oppressed victims now . 
  pin reality , what really kicked off the reconstruction was the end of the horrible policies from the occupants . 
  deutsch . 
  why did you say that anyway ? 
  they were only starving because you destroyed it . 
  just a small detail to remember . 
  also , the marshall plan was essentially insignificant . 
  maybe not for the uk , but it did n't matter much for germany . 
  what 's a duetsch ? 
  beats italian pizza 10/10 times every time . 
  you think most men would be ok with that ? 
  especially men from the middle east ? 
  i really do n't think so . 
  women in the middle east have very low labour force participation . 
  those would n't be legitimate arguments . 
  a legitimitate argument would be that abortion is taking a human life . 
  but it clearly was n't functioning ... 
  they were having a civil war . 
  just like assads regime . 
  it 's not functional or stabile if civil wars happen . 
  there are legitimate arguments against abortions . 
  a few nutcases do n't discredit all people opposed to abortion . 
  i do n't think `` it happens anyway '' is a good argument to make something legal . 
  i forgot the / s. 
  good post though , people in this thread should read these stats . 
  you said they dont care about improving conditions for pregnant women . 
  i assumed you meant things like healthcare and financial support . 
  i think you were saying that because prolife conservatives do n't want to give much support to single mothers with children born out of wedlock they care only about controlling the womans body and not the child . 
  being against government welfare and high taxes does n't mean you think it 's ok to kill people ( pro lifers consider abortion murder ) . 
  no religion comes close to islams violent fundamentalism . 
  most religions are bad , but there is a distinction to be made . 
   controlling womens ' uteruses are you talking about abortion ? 
  anti-abortionists put the right for the fetus to live above the womans right to bodily autonomy . 
  it 's not about `` controlling uteruses '' . 
  99.99 % of muslims are freedom loving liberals . 
  get out of here with your islamophobia . 
  do you have any evidence it was pre planned ? 
  also , if places were revolts failed were invaded how come nato did n't invade libya or syria ?
