  libya would be more of a mess if the country was in ruins . 
  the focus directed towards assads regime started after the uprisings and violent crackdowns . 
  fsa started out as saa deserters . 
  western weapons have fallen into the wrong hands for sure , it 's close to impossible to avoid that . 
  saying the arab spring is a western conspiracy is absurd . 
  maybe some do . 
  i do n't know . 
  what i do know is that there 's absolutely no reason for you to assign that opinion to me . 
  yes , the west supports the fsa . 
  that does not mean the west started the revolution or the civil war . 
  nice strawman you built yourself there . 
  nato is invading ukraine ? 
  when did that happen ? 
  can you explain your point further without resorting to ad hominems ? 
  on reddit , sure . 
  the real world is completely opposite . 
  mras are basically a fringe group with very little power and influence in society . 
  yes pretty much . 
  did you know that feminists whine 24/7 about how the evil patriarchal men are oppressing them ? 
  how is libya a fiasco ? 
  the current situation is far better than what it could have been . 
  i agree that europe needs spend more and defend itself independently . 
  i also think usa and the rest of nato still have common interests . 
  the ussr might be gone , but russia is still there . 
  it 's just a different angle on the same issue . 
  some people may view women as weak and helpless in need of a man to save them . 
  some women certainly use this to their full advantage , acting weaker and more helpless then they really are to make men do it for them . 
  iraq was becoming more and more stabile until the neighboring dictatorship had a civil war . 
  maybe it 's an example of a sexist society where women get preferential treatment and help that men would never get . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_saddam_hussein%27s_iraq#documented_human_rights_violations_1979.e2.80.932003 yes , you must be truly blissful . 
  i dont know what you 're talking about . 
  no ones denying why nato was created . 
  it was to counter russian aggression . 
  does n't mean it 's anti russian . 
  nato 's goal was never to invade or annex russia . 
  i dont think anyone would have a problem with russia if they respected the nations around them . 
  are you referring to libya ? 
  it 's definitely not true for afghanistan . 
  i do n't think it 's true for libya either . 
  i think it 's obvious that ending what would be a long and bloody civil war quickly is in everyones interest . 
  libya was also a legal un intervention . 
  nato interventions . 
  there are no russian troops in ukraine ? 
  ghosts ? 
  there are russian troops in donbass as well . 
  afghanistan and libya are examples . 
  it 's besides the point anyway . 
  it serves a purpose even if there arent any wars in the present . 
  the same could be said during between the world wars and during the cold war . 
  `` we havent had a need for our military since ww1 lets disband it ! '' . 
  bad idea . 
  russia poses a threat to all eastern european countries with russian minorities . 
  the baltics could end up like ukraine if it was n't for nato . 
  removing a genocidal maniac from power is truly one of the worst crimes ever committed against humanity . 
  the warsaw pact was founded after nato . 
  there 's still an obvious need for nato . 
  what 's your point ? 
  iraq is currently a democracy . 
  america fought the islamic terrorists in iraq for 8 years after they installed a democratic government . 
  it 's still going on in afghanistan . 
  nato countries do n't support any terrorist organizations in the region . 
  we are actively fighting them as we speak . 
  the arab spring was something the arabs did themselves . 
  if it 's already a problem why make it even worse ? 
  what you 're saying makes absolutely no sense . 
  when did nato kill millions in the east and put backwards people in charge ? 
  are you talking about things the us did during the cold war here ? 
   it is time to admit that nato is anti-russian organization or just fuck off already . 
  yeah , that was kind of why nato was created in the first place . 
  to counter soviet aggression . 
  i guess the vast majority of gun deaths in norway are suicides . 
  there 's 0 tax on electric cars here , meaning the tesla is extremely cheap for it 's luxury and performance . 
  you might be tone deaf . 
  `` reactionary '' is a buzzword popularized by communists in the early 1900s . 
  it 's basically a euphemism for evil . 
  it 's not far off from calling people opposed to reactionaries `` bolsheviks '' . 
  if you want a have a real debate use words like `` traditionalist '' or `` socially conservative '' . 
  who 's saying afd are progressive liberals ? 
  definitely true . 
  most people never realized what they were/are doing . 
  thankfully more people are waking up . 
  where did you think it was ? 
  franco beat you , commie bastard . 
  the chance of needing to protect your life or home is extremely low , thats true . 
  it also depends . 
  some business owners get robbed by eastern europeans a lot , a gun might scare some of them off . 
  also , if probability is part of the argument , banning weapons because of a few extremely rare mass shootings doesnt make much sense . 
  because they like to shoot and collect guns ? 
  to defend their life and property ? 
  it shows that banning anything that can be dangerous is stupid . 
  none of the guns used in any of recent terrorist attacks have been legal . 
  to give you some context , it was in a history class about colonialism . 
  not just germany . 
  my teacher told the class that the white man is the root of all evil . 
   the rd-180 is a very solid rocket engine its liquid fueled actually . 
  i think the logic is that the western powers had colonies around the world in the past , and that means it was russias turn to have colonies in eastern europe . 
  and thats completely justified since other countries had colonies in the past !, 
  or  europe had colonies in africa so soviet union was ok, 
  i 'm from telemark and people say `` grekenland '' in a jokey sort of way here . 
  lol .
