  got ta love that completely straight line from moscow ro stpetersburg, 
  and jt 's probably the worst picture i 've ever seen of the esztergom basilica . 
  it looks way better than that . 
  it 's fucking huge . 
  look at the bastion at the castle wall, 
  so you think it would be okay if greece would shoot down a turkish plane every day right ? 
  after all they illegally violated the greek borders thousands of times, 
  indeed . 
  that being said , i will hold to my belief that these shots were not meant to seriously damage anything or kill just to scare them away . 
  and i 'm glad noone was hurt . 
  i guess so . 
  i would have been sad that lives were lost unnecessarily , even if the turkish captain was n't behaving properly . 
  as i said , i wish confrontations like these would n't end up in opening fire . 
  what if one wishes none of these incidents have resulted in opening fire ? 
  that being said , there is a difference between opening fire at a ship to scare it away , and shooting down a plane and killing a pilot . 
  especially while knowing turkey 's hypocrisy with border violations, 
  well what else should tiny bullets do while penetrating thin metal ? 
  europeans, 
  i mean . . you just have to read the article ...  `` the greek coast guard immediately demanded the ship to anchor off the port of rhodes while we were passing around the island . 
  they said they would check the ship but we did not accept that . 
  they then said they would shoot if we did n't stop and they did what they said . 
  we have escaped a great danger , '' kalkavan said . 
   it 's no different than headlines saying `` man stabbed outside pub . 
  oh come on . 
  technically it 's no different , but we all know what people were thinking first, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sfqz6akhjk even freddie wanted to buy it, 
  yep , and it 's generally considered as a good era, 
  it might be shocking to you but vatican is not just a country full of priests, 
  so for every other country it 's ok , but for russia it 's not ? 
  should n't be like this forever tho . 
  germans will eventuly free themselves from this stigma, 
  glad to see it, 
  well op basically said persecuting christians is not even possible , so what do you expect . . 
  and should have used private messages, 
  yes , i wonder which one of the two was the dominant and politically relevant . 
  english , motherfucker , do you speak it ? 
  cheap , safe ( you know what you get ) and has free wifi . 
  plenty of tourists visit mcdonalds . 
  that ` sjust retarded censorship, 
  it 's only weird if you make it out to be . 
  can anyone explain how did this not end up on the frontpage ? 
  it would n't generate such public outrage , media coverage if it would happen in eastern europe . 
  france , the uk and germany are lthe leaders of europe , they are `` more important '' and they are also the cornerstones of modern european culture . 
  k\u00f6cs\u00f6g means jar/jug , but it 's also used as an insult , meaning either fag ( not necessarily used as a gay slur ) or something like asshole ( but stronger than asshole , maybe dickhead would be a good translation ? ) . 
  it is n't really used on women though , so you probably would n't hear `` k\u00f6cs\u00f6g kurva '' on the street , but in hungarian you can basically combine any swearword with another one , so it 's possible . 
  either way , it 's pretty funny to hear it as a children 's song . 
  why, 
  yes , there was definitely a need to call them nazis, 
  are you for fucking real ? 
  we are not that racist . 
  but i guess being on the forefront of anti-immigration makes us somehow extremely racist ... 
  jesus christ what a terrible analogy, 
  i definitely agree . 
  started smoking after it was banned in bars in hungary , but of course i spent plenty of time in pubs with all of my friends smoking when it was still allowed and goddamn i miss that . 
  thinking about the smell and the slightly blurry vision due to smoke gets me nostalgic and i miss that from today 's pubs . 
  because that 's just what the soviets liked to do . 
  even with russians, 
  i though we are going to the uk, 
  on what grounds ? 
  i 'm sure they would have been already arrested , had the police had any evidence, 
  i dunno which country does n't have compulsory education in modern europe , so that 's either bullshit , or that it was their families who did n't `` let them '' go to school . 
  so then how can we talk about a specific ethnicity that very clearly has a problem / is a problem, 
   i mean if you see a gypsi in normal clothes in a normal situation ( not begging on the street or somehting like that ) than you would n't know that he is a gypsi . 
  lol what, 
  b-but i thought counter strike was training people to plant bombs and stuff, 
  well i did n't know that you on the other hand represent all europeans, 
  gangsta rap made me do it, 
  i thought we banned holocaust-denial too . 
  if it 's true , please , could you not paint the country as worse than it is ? 
  why would i hold a grudge against individual soldiers who were forced into a stupid war , especially when they are long dead ? 
  why is it so hard to honour their memory in peace ? 
  is that so ? 
  should i piss on the russian soldiers ' graves instead of lighting candles at all souls ' day ? 
   shoot your guns nope , no guns , thank you very much, 
  we love ireland , i think . 
  i mean , we never had any problem with ireland , hungarians sympathize with irishmen because we both had a shit history and we both love drinking . 
  no idea . 
  for finland i 'd have understood , because nokia , but all these other countries . . 
  i dunno , like steering the country to dictatorship, 
  :( ( this makes me even more depressed, 
  i 'm pretty sure we have more than that . 
  would you really ( well , your government ) cut ties like that due to brexit ? 
  i 'd imagine britain would still be on good terms with neighbouring and friendly countries, 
  that 's a good point . 
  i hope this piece was intended to serve that purpose , because well , as i said , one does not have to be religious to dislike offending people 's religion just to be a dick . 
  i did n't say one should believe . 
  although many theologians have made plenty of arguments in favour of a god , which , obviously noone has to believe . 
  but how is this even relevant right now ? 
  it has no connection to what you said earlier and my reply to that . 
  you make terrible arguments . 
  evolution is in no way able to disprove the existence of god and if a god would exists that would n't make evolution pointless either, 
   but of course i do n't agree with censorship never did i say it should be banned . 
  just that i understand it and to be honest , shit art like this borders hate speech in my opinion, 
  however , it tries to make a point . 
  well , or it 's just a terrible attempt at provoking christianity for shits and giggles . 
  all i 'm saying is that i can understand why it was banned or whatever , but of course i do n't agree with censorship . 
  i just find this work lazy and of poor taste . 
  in my opinion there can be such awful attempts at art , that are n't even worth considering to be art , and this falls into that category . 
  blasphemy laws are fucking stupid and i 'm an atheist . 
  but one has to wonder , what 's the point of this `` art '' ?
