it is the most prestigious university in the country . 
  it is n't though, 
  yeah it 's not too bad http://photographyblogger.net/25-beautiful-photos-from-budapest-hungary/, 
  love how you generalize and talk bullshit at the same time . 
  nobody celebrates terrorist attacks except some of the people you are trying to defend, 
  then i 'd say it 's time we handled being sympathetic to groups like isis as a crime and a national threat, 
  goddamn , i thought i was making a counter-argument , somehow glanced over the second part of your comment . 
  yes but do we have centuries while we wait for muslims to catch up ? 
  and that takes it granted that they would change for the better, 
  ah yes , eurovision , the fairest , most unbiased competition of all time, 
  and what do you think which part of austro-hungary was the governing part ? 
   if they want to leave then fine . 
  do n't let the door hit you in the way out . 
  we do n't want to leave, 
  because terrorism is n't an accident , nor is it a health issue , that we are trying to solve , nor is it a natural disaster etc. 
  do you really believe being a victim of terrorism is the same as being a victim of cancer , or a stupid drunk driver ? 
  yeah but we all know it 's not what we were talking about , let 's not make it something that it 's not . 
  i think it 's fairly obvious what `` nothing ** like that ** happened in budapest so far '' refers to, 
  i do n't believe it for a second that people would want to leave the eu . 
  in my experience even with the clashes that we have with the eu , a referendum like that would be met with overwhelmingly negative feelings . 
  adding to what was already said , for a huge amount of people the problem is that even though they are sick of orb\u00e1n , there is n't an alternative . 
  at this point it 's kinda overused that the left can not produce proper opposition , but it 's true thus way too many young people distance themselves from politics , further strengthening the current government, 
  i do n't think people have a problem with the marked as safe feature ( although they might have one with its selective implementation ) , rather with the fake empathy features that serve no other purpose than showing the world how nice and caring you are . 
  well , at least it came to that , too often can one see people sharing stuff , changing their pictures just to stay trendy and because it becomes the new `` craze '' . 
  `` the attack unlikely has anything to do with the 2016 terror wave in europe '', 
  it might very well be the case , and obviously this is why i asked my question but i do n't know , at least he gave satisfying answers , it would be unfair of me to question their thruthfulness, 
  that we humans are stupid, 
  all right , that seems sensible . 
  although i do n't understand this part : which is why girls in sweden are sitting in the back of the bus, 
  nah , i just wanted to highlight it to imply that i severely disagree on that . 
  nobody has to agree with me though , but i will never accept those bombs as justifiable attacks . 
   nuclear bombing of japan, 
  did germany just find a bunch of half-finished ferdinands , renovated them and sold it to croatia ? 
  surely there were men as well doing that . 
  why did you have to specify it as those retarded women ? 
  well then why did you write stupid shit ? 
  can we please stop comparing the ira attacks to these ? 
   and surely you know ireland is not in the uk can you be any more retarded ? 
  northern ireland is part of the uk, 
  well you are n't exactly young , and the average redditor if you remember those days, 
  what about wanker ? 
  recently i tried to use it and was told it 's quite lame and a weak slur . 
  it made me sad because i was `` happy '' that i used something other than fucker, 
  let 's ignore your feeling of british superiority , what the hell does any of this have to do with britain ? 
  i hope you are not suggesting that all the similar names come from english ... edit : terrible grammar made better ( ? ), 
   how do you know that ? 
  maybe s/he just wanted a bribe . 
  they targeted just us , romanians at the same place not . 
  also was told by locals that yeah , it happens if you speak hungarian . 
  it was n't a big deal in the end , but was n't a pleasant experience either . 
   as far as i know they have their special sections in some universities and in schools well exactly . 
  but it was n't always the case , that 's why there was tension . 
   do n't ever tell that to a local `` sz\u00e9kely '' they will probably beat the shit out of you for saying he is not hungarian . 
  err , i 'm not sure what you mean , if it 's my usage of `` ethnic hungarian '' then it only served to be clear about hungarians living in romania , and not just hungarians . 
  but then i take it you call them simply `` magyar '' as well ? 
   we will change them i 'm not so sure . 
  and to what ? 
  i probably should have made it clearer that this is more like the perception of things , and not the actuality , although debates about language usage and language in education ( more recently hungarian departments at universities ) are still a hot topic as far as i know . 
  so i did n't mean to imply that there is some huge discrimination and that it 's impossible to live in romania as a `` sz\u00e9kely '' ( what do you call ethnic hungarians in romanian ? 
  ) , although i 'm sure there is some , hell , even i was harassed by police simply because i 'm hungarian once when i was there . 
  anyway , i just wish we stopped hating each other and act like good neighbours, 
  we have a long history of not treating minorities well , even when the `` minorities '' outnumbered us . 
  today it seems like a never-ending `` you hate me ? 
  i hate you '' cycle with the roles kinda reversed ( it 's their turn of not treating minorities as well as they probably should ) . 
   they are also considered the main reason why our image is ruined in europe . 
  yeah that is very true , hungarians also like to think that all romanians are gypsies or they are like them . 
  that being said , there are plenty of reasons why we * want * to hate each other , so it 's not surprising that it 's exaggarated, 
  * triggered *, 
  not really, 
  i may be a crazy one , but i always thought hungary is eastern-europe , even though we are an oddity here surrounded by all the slavic countries . 
  but then i think of the huge difference between austria and hungary , and i would n't say we belong to the group they are in . 
  yeah remind me once again how nicely russia freed us . 
  i 'd like to try everything !, 
  same in hungary, 
  shit , we spend almost half of our history classes learning about ancient greece both in primary and secondary school , learning about democracy which is kinda ironic considering hungary 's current state . 
  and what i personally know ( experienced ) about greece is that it is the most awesome holiday destination that is affordable . 
  ca n't wait to go back there and be old enough to drink ouzo . 
  ah , thank you !, 
  i meant the poem , it would have been very surprising as our literary works are not really well known outside of hungary . 
  football not so much , as far as i know almost everyone on the british isles knows about our once great football team :p, 
  wait , is this taught in wales ? 
  or you just happened to know about it ? 
  cause they took ` er lands !, 
  just chiming in , we use it in hungary as well , `` kurva '' is one of the most frequently used swear-words . 
  means bitch/whore/hooker you can also use it literally before every noun or adjective in the same way you would use `` fucking '' in english ( fucking great , this fucking tax etc. ), 
  parts of slovakia used to be upper-hungary . 
  same joke as usa being britain 's, 
  but at least you guys have fast internet ( so i 've heard ) and that 's what matters anyway, 
  we too have minorities . 
  but yes , we did n't enslave them for centuries , that probably helped, 
  interesting definition of europe, 
  i remember watching a hockey match in miercurea ciuc/cs \u00edkszereda . 
  have to say i was thoroughly entertained from listening to transylvanians swearing in both hungarian and romanian at the opponent team which obviously had more romanians . 
  it must be because you are way too good in water-polo, 
  serbia ? 
  not to deny anything from you , but why are you guys hated here ? 
  i have n't seen it yet . 
  are you saying if a country is n't an eu member , it ca n't call itself european ? 
  but that will forever sound stupid imo . 
  you ca n't just force a plural word to go along with sigular forms and expect it to sound natural .
