  all these matter when it comes to one 's approach to religion and cultural mores , and i 'd be interested in hearing if you have a method of sorting one type of prospective immigrant from the other , something that i feel is crucial due to europe 's willingness and ability to culturally assimilate new arrivals being quite lacking at the moment . 
   tell me would you have taken them in or not ? 
  i think i would 've , even given the prevailing view of jews among many americans at the time , mostly because there were many areas in the country where large jewish immigrant populations had proven their ability and willingness to integrate ( a similar example in europe would be a hypothetical influx of indonesian or iranian refugees ) . 
   also i love how you talk about the historical hostility between islam and europe as a reason to choose eu citizens over foreigners , but of course does the historical hostility of europe towards muslim countries , towards each other , towards the world matter ? 
  apparently not . 
  europe 's historical hostility towards islam is the result of the newly-born arabian empire attacking it ( along with nearly everything else in its path , such as the persians , levant and africa ) and attempting to subjugate and colonize it for centuries . 
  if at some point in the future , western europeans were to seek refuge en masse in former colonial holdings , i 'd expect a frosty response as well , although i do believe in this case it 's significantly amplified by what i see as the incompatibility of the two cultures in question , which i think was responsible for much of their historical enmity . 
  some are victims , some are opportunists . 
  as it seems more or less impossible to tell who 's who in the majority of cases , i 'd prefer to be cautious due to the sheer number of people coming in , and the inability or lack desire to integrate most of them . 
  when it comes to a choice between eu citizens and foreigners from a historically hostile culture , i 'll side with the former . 
  that was an edit made after i answered , as i 've now noted in the response to that post . 
  that said , they 're simply not the same . 
  judaism had no equivalent to the modern saudi-backed radicalization of the religion , nor did jews have a centuries-old history as the antithesis of western civilization , with countless wars and colonization attempts . 
  what in the hell are you talking about ? 
  do you have me confused with another poster ? 
  no doubt , but there 's no reason whatsoever to import more . 
  yes , but these were preventable , and many in government seem hell-bent on repeating their mistake . 
  too little , too late . 
  not that it would a bad idea , but much of western europe now has its own home-grown religious psychos to contend with . 
  * edit : edited your post to mention jewish refugees during the 30s , i see . 
  disingenuous of you . 
  also , the two groups are n't equivalent . 
  germany was forced to recant its prior extremism at gunpoint , with two superpowers poised to wipe it out if it did n't comply . 
  what sort of similar threat exists to coerce sunni extremists into changing their ways ? 
  several decades ago , islam was conservative but modernizing until it took a giant u-turn as a result of famous terrorist attack in saudi arabia . 
  had it remained on its prior trajectory , it and the western world likely would 've been far more mutually compatible than they currently are . 
  such as yourself ? 
  is n't xenu more or less their devil figure ? 
  if anyone ought to have `` xenuphobia '' , it 'd be believing scientologists , no ? 
   the leftists never wanted this . 
  do n't act like we did . 
  this was the inevitable outcome of the policies that many leftists have advocated for for decades . 
  if this increased influx of immigrants had been combined with a strong policy of cultural assimilation , the end result might 've been different . 
  but given what actually happened instead and the cultures involved , i 'm not sure what you expected . 
  no , there are plenty of countries that never cared much about human rights in the first place , convenience or no convenience . 
  come visit california sometime . 
  if you do n't care very much about your own life , or the lives of others , i suppose so . 
  also north american . 
  what he did to end up in the middle east of all places , i 'll never know . 
  yes , because they were already there to begin with . 
  i ca n't imagine you 'd be in favor of importing more of them though . 
  bath salts , i 'll guess . 
  rip . 
  no , they 'd have all been killed . 
  more similar how , exactly ? 
  it makes more sense now than ever . 
  none of the existing alternatives are remotely palatable . 
  i 'd like to suggest antarctica . 
  if that 's a bit far , perhaps russia has an arctic island or two it 'd be willing to rent out . 
  it seems to me that he should 've gone directly from jail to an airplane , accompanied by a police escort . 
  you could fill it with apple , or marmalade perhaps ? 
  well , the ones sold in the us are almost always crescents . 
  why is that , exactly ? 
  last i checked , the overwhelming majority of the people that they killed during the second world war were just as white as they were . 
  in which case , why do so many people seem to think that dealing with them as if they are rational actors is a good idea , instead of treating them like the death cult they are and responding with overwhelming force ? 
  do they think if they manage to provoke a war with the western world , they 'll win ? 
  that depends on your approach towards attacks like these in particular , and muslim immigration in general . 
  possibly , but seeing as he mostly went for the ambassador and told the rest of the people there to leave ( going so far as to fire into the air before killing karlov ) , it does n't seem like their style . 
  in moments of surprise or relief , a great many westerners , religious or not , will say `` oh god '' or `` thank god '' . 
  are all such people practicing christians ? 
  yes , but that seems to be the go-to slogan if you 're a muslim , extremist or not . 
  clearly a jihadist ? 
  this seems more political than religious , what with what he was shouting about aleppo . 
  now they 're claiming it was someone on his security detail that did it . 
  easy to say when they did n't murder 80 % of your family . 
  what * they * think is beside the point , as they are not the ones meting out punishment to captured would-be terrorists . 
  wanting to kill someone who 's done nothing to you and is sitting around minding his own business is quite different from wanting to kill someone who was planning to murder a great many people and was prevented from doing so . 
  no , it is n't . 
  wanting to kill someone caught in the act of attempted murder is in no way equivalent to wanting to do so to an innocent . 
  of course it does n't , but what do governments care for morality ? 
  why not start a kebab thread , then ? 
  was n't that conducted while the region was under occupation ? 
  seems awfully suspicious to me . 
  i seem to recall greece having quite a well-equipped army , so yes , probably . 
  last i checked , turkey had quite a decent military . 
  except for columbus day and thanksgiving . 
  and st. patrick 's day . 
  and having two days for veterans . 
  and only some americans . 
  the vast majority do n't know about it , and would n't care if they did . 
  who are you to tell them what is or is n't okay to do ? 
  well , you would think that if she was willing to go this far , then some sort of large-scale deportation plan would be part of her approach as well . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'd kill them , actually . 
  a new yorker , eh ? 
  one step at a time . 
  i think maybe i 've misunderstood what you meant by promoting security . 
  i was taking issue with your * promoting * security specifically , which i 'd say is impossible with the level of aversion to military involvement that your population seems to display . 
  i 'll give you peace and freedom ( to a point ) , but security ? 
  the various political forces , internal and external , trying to tear it apart ? 
  fair enough . 
  the point is that trump or no trump , antagonizing large swathes of a previously apathetic or potentially sympathetic population does n't count as winning , unless your goal is to eventually incite a civil war . 
  extremism on one side of the political spectrum fuels extremism on the other . 
  he 's by no means the sole fault of the extremists on the left , but to imply that they had no hand in creating the situation that allowed him to rise to power would be nonsense . 
  after all , they themselves are the product of several generations ' worth of christian nutjobs ordering around people in the name of morality . 
  it 's not going to last a hundred years . 
  winning ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure that making masses of previously neutral people hostile towards you and your base is winning anything . 
  do you know what the result of several decades ' worth of identity politics in the us was ? 
  well , it is still ugly ... 
   i trust most people .
