  there really is n't one . 
  funny , what i recall him saying is that rapists , criminals and other unsavory types who 'd never enter the country legally are sneaking into the us along with everyone else . 
  and he 's absolutely correct ; this is one of the main points that those opposed to illegal immigration have brought up for years . 
  that 's because his opponent is n't seen as being soft on that sort of thing . 
  had sanders somehow beaten out hillary for the nomination , there would 've been a very different response . 
  poland borders russia . 
  unless it manages to acquire nukes and a delivery system capable of depopulating western russia in the event of an invasion , its paranoia is not unfounded . 
  you know how people today obsess over reality stars ( the kardashians , for example ) ? 
  it was like that , but with royalty . 
  blame the canadians , they invented it !, 
  especially during their resource-fueled boom of the early 2000s . 
  imagine if they 'd come to the conclusion that they could get back what they 'd lost ( to some extent ) with good relations and a mountain of bribes ? 
  with the eu as an unlikely option , it could well have worked . 
  in both cases , no one 's making a moral judgement ( such a thing would never be justified in either case ) but rather a prediction . 
  having a private company instead of a publicly traded one ? 
  mostly just muslims . 
  or to be exact , religious muslims . 
  and you did n't provide any help to greece or italy as they had to deal with a similar problem for years before the refugees decided to start heading north . 
  okay then , 18 syrian refugees to poland it is . 
  to be fair , the vast majority of muslims also call them fake muslims . 
  where the hell did they even get a camel ? 
  boarding boats to italy , i assume . 
  or perhaps greece ? 
  because the particular breed of american leftist that tends to write for the nyt despises western culture and all of its trappings . 
  nothing . 
  it would turn into a border control race . 
  i still consider that preferable to the current situation . 
  the us has never made a concerted effort to halt immigration via its southern border , for a number of reasons both economic and political . 
  there are two major differences here : first of all , people outside of the us have actually heard of scientologists . 
  second of all , the founder of scientology was n't all buddy-buddy with the current president as recently as five years ago . 
  the first one can be put down to being ignorant of certain aspects of turkish culture , but the second one makes this look awfully fishy . 
  a bunch of people talking about genies and other nonsense is n't helping either . 
  i mean , when anti-scientologist politicians criticize the religion , they do n't usually imply that xenu and thetans are real . 
  i 've heard over and over how countries such as greece and italy ca n't protect their mediterranean coasts . 
  it seems to me that the same would hold true for countries on the other side of the sea . 
  here 's the alternative : send the militaries of its member states to patrol its borders , then throw out anyone who does n't have an airtight case for eu asylum ( 90 % of the people you 'd detain , if not more ) . 
  otherwise , evict them , be it to turkey , libya , or some other place that 's not the eu . 
  if the un complains , point out its 20 , o00 or so hypocritical failings and tell it to go fuck itself , like every other country with a spine does . 
  do this , or prepare to be subjected to turkish blackmail . 
  i ca n't think of a middle ground ; if you can , feel free to suggest something . 
  at the elite level ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  a blonde white muslim does n't face problems in europe because most people do n't know that he 's a muslim . 
  if that were the case , i guarantee you that people would react quite differently . 
  a common currency without a common fiscal policy is asking for trouble . 
  because peoples from the subcontinent had been part of their empire for hundreds of years , and they 're used to them . 
  i think he , and a great many people in that region , see it as the thin end of the wedge . 
  i 've no idea whether they 're right or not , but their fears are n't unfounded . 
  well in iran 's case , they would n't need to . 
  the two countries have cooperated for years . 
  and why , pray tell , are these supposed to be our responsibility ? 
  tend to your own fucking business . 
  it 's only in the last 60 years or so ( 40 or so years if we 're being accurate ) that islam 's decided to go full retard and embrace its worst historical tendencies . 
  you can thank the saudis for that . 
  we want ratzinger back ! '', 
   is n't collective punishment against your famous european values ... not if we 're being realistic about what european values have been for the majority of the region 's history , no . 
  the us is n't particularly multicultural . 
  multiracial or multi-ethnic , sure , but the vast majority of immigrants are assimilated by the second generation . 
  why would that be ? 
  either the kosovars tell them to fuck themselves and they 're no worse off than before , or they do as asked , in which case turkey 's influence has expanded . 
  i assume that they 'll order their accompanying security forces to arrest them . 
  yes , but none of those were related to a centuries-old religion that 's been the enemy of western civilization for the majority of its history , and has often been described as its cultural antithesis . 
  agreed . 
   what is the reason before erdo\u011fan term ? 
  for 1959-2002 location and religion . 
  especially location . 
   remember the falklands ? 
  the us did fuck all to help britain . 
  because it was n't required . 
  [ in the event that things did n't go as expected , however ... ] ( https://news.usni.org/2012/06/27/reagan-readied-us-warship-82-falklands-war-0 ), 
  this article [ here ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21656207-israel-cannot-afford-keep-paying-ultra-orthodox-men-shun-employment-eat ) brings up the biggest sticking point , imho . 
  israel 's approach to judaism is anything but secular , despite it having a large secular population . 
  with the exception of religion . 
  i was under the impression that during its recent period of relative piece and stability , syria was ruled by several dictators who kept a lid on unacceptable religious sentiment through overwhelming use of force . 
  no , it has a common-sense approach to these sorts of attacks that europe would do well to emulate . 
   in that case i elect to move them to china and the us . 
  china and the us reject your proposal , then close their borders and dare you to try and force the issue . 
  now what ? 
  i 'm not too sure about the casting . 
  hmmm , not once have i ever seen any of these articles ( a new silicon valley in country x ! ), 
  go into just why silicon valley exists where it does ; i wonder why that is ? 
  they have the fourth largest vietnamese population in europe , right behind you guys . 
  quite impressive when you consider that the two of them conspired to start the war . 
  i suppose he could try , but we 'd probably shoot him . 
  in my experience , it 's very much a hierarchical relationship , albeit on a widespread as opposed to individual scale . 
  well yes , of course . 
  not entirely , mind you , but a reasonable level of integration and acculturation is to be expected when one changes home countries . 
   people say that the west is intolerant and un-accomodating ... those people usually have an agenda . 
  not china . 
  this screws up all of their existing trade deals with the aussies . 
  holding some european territory does n't make it european , any more than great britain was asian when it governed hong kong . 
  stoking passions for the inevitable war against sultan erdogan and his legions of crazed fanatics . 
  i expect that it 'll start over something small and seemingly inconsequential ; maybe an argument over whether gyros are a rip-off of doner kebab or the other way around ? 
  no , of course you 're not greek . 
  you 're an american of greek descent . 
  for all his flaws , i get the impression that europe , and by extension the rest of the western world , would have been better off had he won . 
  i was responding to a comment about isis being in its death throes . 
  til that the uk spawned isis . 
  the organization is irrelevant ; it did n't even exist a few years ago . 
  the problem is within the civilization that spawned it .
