  there 's a huge meme in poland that we steal shit all the time ... 
  i know i do n't , nor i had anything stolen from me , like ever . 
  i live in a rural area though . 
  but study and work in warsaw , i must be very lucky . 
  i 'm pretty sure this comes from polish gangs going abroad after the fall of the iron curtain and again after the country joined the eu . 
  why steal at home when you can steal abroad and make 3 times as much ? 
  it looks as if the helicopter crash was coincidental ; it just so happens that one of the police helicopters at the rally suffered mechanical problems . 
  they love to hike , ski and climb and generally eat well . 
  being at a very high elevation and surrounded by mountains most likely has something to do with it too . 
  it 's primarily cultural , in fact . 
  and that culture was informed by centuries and centuries of religion , which is why countries like georgia or armenia can be viewed as european , whereas the only way turkey ever will is if they get a new ataturk and he completely secularizes as the country this time . 
  if they were non-european enough , it 's quite possible that either they specifically would n't be considered european , or perhaps greeks in general would no longer be considered european by association . 
  actually , i 'm pretty sure that it 's colorado that has the lowest obesity rate in the us . 
  also , even if one had never seen lisbon before , san francisco looks nothing like that . 
  not enough fog , not enough hills . 
  immigrants are not a homogeneous group ... quite the opposite , in many cases . 
  the idea that all cultures are equally compatible with each other and that all groups of people are equally interested in integration is ignorant at best , naive at worst . 
  football hooligans , probably . 
  but then again , the list of people they do n't like could fill a phone book . 
  you have a very superficial understanding of american culture if you think that the majority of the world can be lumped together under an `` american with a twist '' label . 
  actually , there are n't . 
  plenty of theaters will show movies with subtitles , but to the best of my knowledge i 've never come across anything like a foreign language theater . 
  i suppose they 've never seen the need for that level of specialization . 
  what are these similarities , in your opinion ? 
  yeah , but that 's because eastern europe is associated with russia . 
  to really piss them off , russia should also be yellow . 
  maybe . 
  are there any russians from that era still alive ? 
  surprisingly , there are still quite a few poles who lived through the second world war . 
  sure , they can go to alaska . 
  he 's mulling a run for president in 2020 on an `` invade ~ ~ greece ~ ~ canada '' platform . 
  only russia has had any real interest in a slavic union , historically . 
  i 'm approaching this from a pure aesthetic standpoint . 
  to each his own , i suppose . 
  i 'm not a fan of plain stripes at all , and i rather like the harp . 
  poland , ireland and lithuania are all huge improvements . 
  what are we ? 
  yanks ? 
  yes , as of 6am est , you 've been annexed by the united states of america . 
  please report to the nearest military base for your complimentary flag and/or cupcake , free gun and pet bald eagle . 
  if you 're allergic or do n't wish to care for an eagle , it can be exchanged for an iphone . 
  well , we have n't heard anything to that effect yet . 
  so far , when it comes to dealing with foreign affairs , they appear to have been mostly talk . 
  given the number of white hispanics , that graph is rather misleading . 
  yes , but unlike cameron , none of them is dumb enough to suggest or promise a referendum on membership . 
   ... and putin is the best bet to lead the country under those conditions . 
  why ? 
  it seems to me that a russia opposed to us interests would be at least as successful if not run by kleptocrats . 
   they paid for what they did . 
  no , not especially . 
  i 'm no more in favor of holding a bunch of people born decades after the war accountable than you are , but let 's not pretend that the vast majority of people involved in committing these atrocities ( those that survived the war , of course ) got what was coming to them . 
  because the generation directly impacted by what happened back then is only now finally dying off , and the repercussions from the havoc wreaked by the germans and the russians will take a very long time to fade . 
  i 've never quite understood why people made fun of rumsfeld for that little blurb . 
  cloth is unhygienic . 
  pineapple on pizza is the mark of the devil . 
  no , that would imply that the other type is the default . 
  it is n't reverse anything , it 's simply discrimination or racism . 
  and cheese , probably . 
  there was a freak lightning storm last week that damaged its cloaking device . 
  more like 3 months ago , but yes . 
   no amount of `` but but but , they were n't european !!! '', 
  will ever change that fact . 
  has anyone ever disputed that fact ? 
  that seems mildly inconvenient . 
  did they use patronymics or something equivalent instead ? 
  as a pole living in the us with quite a few family members back in poland , i 'd say that their reaction is mixed . 
  they 're fairly pragmatic ; internal american politics do n't concern them , and their opinion of trump is mostly dependent on his approach towards trade and deployment of nato forces in former soviet states . 
  they think that he 's a blowhard who values spectacle over substance ( they seem to be fine with the idea that he 's bad for the us but good or at the best neutral for poland ) , but so long as they can get what they want out of the us they do n't much care . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  the difference between poles ' attitudes towards the various groups today is largely due to the recency of soviet rule and the current attitudes of their respective governments . 
  i honestly think that if russia had taken a soft-power approach to its former vassal states , accompanied by the occasional official apology , relations would be neutral at worst , with the potential to get improve over time ( largely due to the lunatic fringe of the western left disproportionately dictating that region 's foreign policy ) . 
  planning for the possibility that soft power and bribery would n't work . 
  the article claims that they fired into the air and then opened fire on the turkish boat after it ignored the warning shots . 
  the last one did a fine job of it , so yes , most likely . 
  different parts of europe have their various vices . 
  poland has idiotic catholic-influenced laws , while much of western europe persists in importing people with religious beliefs that make many right-wing christians look relatively moderate in comparison . 
  if only we could do away with both types of idiocy ... 
  on this issue , they clearly are . 
  the proper way to encourage native fertility is benefits and economic stability . 
  honestly , that 's an improvement on the original . 
  china is what you would have gotten in europe if the roman empire had stayed together in some form or other until the present day . 
  never expanded its borders my ass . 
   you mean like in the united states ... where are you getting your information about us demographics ? 
  well , he 's managed to alienate congress ( both sides ) after throwing his fellow republicans under the bus on that proposed healthcare bill , and given that he 's currently about as popular as ebola with the majority of the country ( this includes large swathes of republican and independent territory ) , he may have a hard time getting anything done that ca n't be accomplished via appointments and executive orders . 
  look at the recent dust-up over russian sanctions for an example . 
  except for millions of people living in former soviet satellites , who never once forgot that they were dealing with a former kgb man . 
  no , whichever strong man gets a hold of the military will , however . 
  because the charities are generally in favor of the abolition of borders and supporting anyone who shows up in europe on the taxpayer 's dime . 
  how close are they to russia ? 
  well , there 's a precedent for that . 
  refugees are vetted and allowed in by our government , in relatively low numbers . 
  migrants are not , and their numbers are far higher . 
   automation is happening in every rich country . 
  that does n't seem to be an issue for them . 
  they probably prefer to come eu rather than in the us just because of the proximity , leniency and welfare , among other criteria . 
  when referring to migrants , i was of course referring to us migrants ( the majority being from latin america ) , who are far less likely to come to a country with fewer jobs for them and no welfare system to support them . 
  refugees are a relatively minor issue in the us , and should n't be mistaken for migrants , whose numbers have been declining for a while now , and will fall further still with the automation of low-skilled jobs . 
  that depends on whether or not the democrats will be able to field a real leader as a candidate . 
  it depended on which situation he happened to be dealing with . 
  i 'd say that `` warmongering drone lover '' is pretty accurate based on what he 'd been helping the saudis do in yemen , whereas `` ineffectual weakling '' is appropriate based on his response to the russian invasion of ukraine .
