the difference is that `` anime '' is a word that the japanese made up to abbreviate `` animation '' and when their stuff starting being seen abroad the name stuck . 
  you might as well say `` japanese cartoon '' since that 's what it means . 
  what sort of muslims ? 
  central asians and iranians are n't culturally identical to arabs or africans , even if they do all share a religion . 
   it 's highly likely that the eu would negotiate a better trade system than the north americans ever will . 
  what makes you think so ? 
  it 's certainly possible , but i would n't go around making any predictions until we know more about any of these theoretical deals . 
  a sizable chunk of his own party is against him on the isolationism , not to mention the democrats . 
  we 'll likely see fewer proxy wars and world policing , but the rest i 'm unsure about . 
  you do n't even need to be anti-immigration . 
  controlled immigration would likely be enough for most voters . 
  also , obama ran as a center right candidate back in 2008 . 
  as for romney , i do n't think he was a particularly weak candidate in terms of policy , but he had all the charisma of a wooden plank . 
  well , what alternative would you have proposed ? 
  we 'll see a lot of `` remove kebab from constantinople '' jokes in response . 
  if anything , it 's far more likely to work in the modern era . 
  with the `` no more borders '' and anti-assimilationist crowds more powerful than they 've been in the past , it 's logical that it would be more of an issue than ever . 
  but what you need to understand is * why * it works . 
  also , trump has a part-time job as uk foreign secretary under the pseudonym `` boris johnson '' . 
  ( he really ought to have come up with a more believable name , by the way . 
  what kind of englishman is named boris ? 
  ridiculous . ), 
  explaining trump is simple : for years now , both major parties have either ignored or been hostile towards the american working class , those who want limits on immigration , and anti-globalists . 
  trump appealed heavily to all three groups , and put together they make up a sizable chunk of the american population . 
  from what i 've seen , he seems to have isolationist tendencies and thinks that certain foreign involvement is far more trouble than it 's worth . 
  so what you think is bad he may think is worth the trade-off . 
  we 'll see , i suppose . 
  and he feels , not unreasonably , that footing the bill for europe 's defense is n't necessarily in the us 's best interest . 
  because democrats historically attempted to appeal to the white working class predominant in those states . 
  i 'm not sure anyone does . 
  for all his nonsense and bluster during his campaign , looking at his political positions prior to his running for president gives us a hodgepodge of stuff to choose from . 
  i mean , how do you categorize someone who 's for both harsh regulation of immigration and single-payer healthcare ? 
  a nativist , maybe ? 
  very much so , no matter your rooting interest . 
  american politicians have been ignoring and/or antagonizing a large chunk of the electorate for years now , and the chickens are finally coming home to roost . 
  they 're simply following the advice of england 's king richard iv : [ * as the good lord said : `` love thy neighbour as thyself , unless he 's turkish , in which case , kill the bastard !, 
  '' * ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e6/a0/58/e6a0581e13f61a314e3fb6217d7fc8d9.jpg ), 
   that other side is outside of the values that define germany and the german identity . 
  but calling for jihad is not , apparently ? 
  it seems to me to be more of the same , just dressed up in different clothing . 
  it seems to me that the west is doing most of the work itself , unless you believe that post-communist nations are responsible for globalization and all its ills . 
  they seem to get along just fine with the vietnamese . 
  here 's the difference : dutch companies are just as capable of buying american companies . 
  try to buy a company in china and you 're going to run into trouble . 
   they are dying because they ~ ~ know ~ ~ assume we will rescue them good point . 
  how 's this instead ? 
   there is not even one instance of majority of population staying and fighting the invaders in the entire history of humankind . 
  are you serious ? 
  there are hundreds of such examples . 
  if the greeks are well armed enough to pull it off , i do n't see why such a situation would be unlikely . 
  type of meat and occasionally sauces . 
  well then , there 's only one thing to do ... got any accordions lying around ? 
  and mozartkugeln . 
  the blue ones , please . 
   the idea that the usa does n't have a strong national identity seems to be a bit bizarre . 
  how so ? 
  how is it moving at all , then ? 
   wait , not singing anthems in school now means not caring about national identity ? 
  it 's a minor issue that 's reflective of a series of cultural trends that many people feel are changing europe ( and the western world in general ) for the worse . 
  and that would make her a good president how , exactly ? 
  what makes you think so ? 
  them . 
  does the uk have some sort of alternate definition of `` race '' that the rest of us are n't aware of ? 
  but racial ? 
  i knew it , you really * are * mongols !, 
  you border europe in the southeast and quite a few of you live in places like germany . 
  no idea , but i ca n't imagine that most nuns would pose for a passport picture in their habits . 
   but we also do n't want to be the paymaster for the eu . 
  just like we did n't ( and still do n't ) want to pay for the social systems of the mediterranean states german society does n't want to pay for the security feeling of the baltic states or the post-colonial interests of france in africa . 
  we 're tight-fisted . 
  `` german money for german issues '' is a slogan a lot of people here would sign up to ... 
  so what i 'm hearing is that germany does n't actually want a european union , or would at least prefer that it eventually become a decentralized confederation ? 
  do you consider a zygote that 's been fertilized two weeks ago to be a child ? 
  because that 's the sort of stuff you 're getting . 
  banning third trimester abortions is one thing , but this nonsense ? 
  orban : `` okay , you asked for it . 
  ready , aim ... '', 
  and what specific methods can it use to coerce compliance from nations in violation of various human rights statutes ? 
  let 's say that italy is found to be breaking some specific law relating to its treatment of migrants arriving via the mediterranean . 
  it tells the court to fuck off , refuses to pay fines , etc. 
  then what ? 
  do n't forget `` culturally european '' , which is at the center of many conflicts about the current wave of immigration . 
  it 's a very clear-cut problem . 
  they know damn well what they 're risking , and no one 's required to pay for their stupidity . 
  plenty of governments do so all the time . 
  unless there 's a sufficiently powerful enforcer that 's going to punish them , they can do as they please . 
  this would seem the way to go here . 
  i 'd like to suggest easter island . 
  if the arab states from which these migrants hail were part of the eu or had a treaty guaranteeing freedom of movement , then i agree that poland would n't have a leg to stand on . 
  as this is n't the case , and the influx of middle easterners is based on decades of eu policy failure ( leaving italy and greece to manage the job alone for years now ) , then i do n't really think that comparing poles working legally abroad to this current group of new arrivals is particularly useful . 
  oh , how so ? 
  without human contact with random people , how exactly do you end up making friends ? 
  magic ? 
  yes , but the same would 've happened with an ottoman conquest of europe . 
  i 'm thinking of how it would 've panned out in the long run . 
  yes , but from what we can tell , life in a napoleonic europe would n't have been bad at all . 
   right , it 's ~ ~ russian ~ ~ mongolian . 
   right the state is supposed to be indifferent to religion ... 
  the british state is n't . 
  the uk has its own state religion ( coe ) , with the queen at its head .
