  okay , but only if you promise not to use any on hungary . 
  none of the countries that you just listed is in the middle east . 
  those are some lovely flags . 
  i think that says more about the austrians than it does about trump . 
  turkey , or its asshole would-be king ? 
  funding the military is easy ... start confiscating money and property . 
  look at north korea ; it 's poor as hell and even it manages to support its military . 
  does that matter at this point ? 
  if the military supports him , then the general public is irrelevant . 
  it is a social construct , but that does n't mean that there are n't phenotypical and ( more importantly ) genetic differences between populations . 
  it 's just that the concept of race takes a fairly simplistic ( and occasionally arbitrary ... see the us for examples ) approach to these . 
  not yet it is n't , but keep acting hostile and this is going to turn into one of those self-fulfilling prophecies . 
  he thinks that it 'll eventually lead to a confrontation between europe and turkey , with turkey coming out on top . 
  what he seems to be ignoring is that if a bunch of rabid anti-muslim politicians end up running the eu or its member states , then the soft image that the bloc has been projecting over the past few decades is going to evaporate in a hurry . 
  what exactly is so bizarre about it ? 
  the people comparing him to hitler over the past few years have n't just been pulling the comparisons out of their ass . 
  turkey is not a nuclear power . 
  it has american nukes stationed within its borders . 
  if it ever attempted to acquire these through force , its government would be overthrown within 48 hours . 
  no , this has been a sore point for both the left and right in places like ny , california and texas for a long time . 
  and now those of us living in the rich and populous states are getting sick of this compromise , and have been for some time . 
  remind us why we 're carrying the rest of you again ? 
  we do n't seem to share a value system , and you 're not contributing anything economically . 
  personally , i want to see the electoral college scrapped ( and no , president trump does n't have much to do with it ... this has been an issue for decades ) . 
  where the hell did this nonsense about clapping when an airplane lands come from ? 
  a comedy routine ? 
  some movie ? 
  how do you think you 'll react when the riots start ? 
  no , but it would certainly make deporting them far easier . 
  it 's pretty clear that there 's a sizable contingent of turks that do n't belong in the netherlands . 
  he must be in favor of it then , seeing as his own goal seems to be to break up the eu as well . 
  except for poles having better sausages . 
  no picking and choosing ; it 's all or nothing . 
  clearly they 're not dutch at all , technicalities aside . 
  with sovereign control it 's quite possible that a number of countries would simply use their militaries to keep the refugees out . 
  okay , in that case which of you wants texas ? 
   you gon na close them all , erdogan ? 
  give it a week . 
  you assume correctly . 
   the us is not a shining beacon of successful integration . 
  lived here a while , have you ? 
  because she is n't greek , i 'd guess . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd even go that far . 
  do the dutch have issues with indonesian immigrants ? 
  i rarely ever hear complaints about iranians . 
  what about people from central asia ? 
  for the most part , yes . 
  but you ca n't deny that they had a very impressive space program , for example . 
  how so ? 
  due to their susceptibility to old world diseases , i 'm afraid their history would have been much the same . 
  if europe had never discovered the americas , someone else eventually would 've , and with trade and/or colonization would come disease . 
  yes , but how much did that actually have to do with the religion itself ? 
  because if poland were * truly * free , it would clearly side with its slavic brothers over evil homosex western capitalist pigdogs !, 
  regular ketchup is too sugary and not particularly good . 
  habanero ketchup , on the other hand ... 
  what about mozartkugeln ? 
  true , but one with a potentially better outcome . 
  yes , but without the second world war , it 's quite possible we 'd have seen the much of europe eventually go to war against the ussr to prevent communism 's spread , resulting in a much earlier end to the soviet union . 
   in any event , nothing could be worse than us degeneracy . 
  that 's a remarkably naive statement . 
  let 's say that it does ( far from certain at this early stage , imo ) : what and/or who do you think would eventually fill that power vacuum ? 
  not if you put ketchup on it , though . 
  no , not at all . 
  the southwestern states generally are , but not so in the southeast , aside from parts of florida . 
  it 's easy . 
  when you begin to think of society as an amalgamation of competing groups , then it 's very easy to ignore the rights of the individual in order to curtail those of groups that are hostile to you and yours . 
  finland and estonia border each other , and have a related language . 
  not so with finland and latvia . 
  do you think a poor person could afford a tesla ? 
  from what i could tell , the majority of the people who voted for him did n't believe that he was a russian puppet . 
   do you really believe your average american is interested to go to war against russia ... 
  yes . 
  do n't underestimate the decades of anti-russian sentiment that only barely began to fade away before putin decided to turn back the geopolitical clock . 
  i find it fascinating that everyone was completely against the ttp and its equivalents until trump came out against it . 
  it 's perfectly fine to bash the man for his utter lack of professionalism , but why do a u-turn on this all of the sudden ? 
  to be honest , i ca n't think of very many presidents who would . 
  well , let 's not forget that that same `` ally '' was in fact responsible for starting world war ii in the first place when it allied itself to nazi germany in order to invade poland . 
  and then eventually flip-flopped after the germans double-crossed them and started kicking their asses . 
  the point of nationalism is generally to put one 's own nation , ethnicity ( this one 's a bit vague at times ) and culture first . 
  this does n't automatically translate to hostility towards other cultures ( although it certainly can ) . 
  lots of people who used to vacation in turkey are put off by a combination of violence and erdogan and are looking for a new place to go , perhaps ? 
  they 're not the ones running the country . 
  those are n't mutually exclusive . 
  considering that germany would have a major role in doing so , i doubt that it 'll happen . 
  absolutely no one in the former communist states is going to trust germany with their security . 
  yes , barbarians . 
  what would you call them ? 
  not soviet or soviet-influenced . 
  they tried , but some polish kids on a school trip intercepted them at the border and confiscated their broomsticks . 
  your solution ought to be to use your considerable wealth to militarize , and then use force to keep migrants out and to coerce their repatriation if they 've been denied asylum . 
   nah man being an american means i do n't have to be shackled by some bullshit notion of ethnic homelands , i can judge people on who they are as people not as whatever bullshit ethnicity or race i think they are . 
  funny , that does n't square up with my view of americans at all . 
  yeah , they do n't tie ethnicity to citizenship like most other societies ( a huge point in their favor ) , but they 're obsessed with race , ethnicity and heritage , often to the point of mania . 
  well , let 's look at the characteristics of bosnian islam ( often known for being far more lax in its rules than most ) along with the level of religiosity within the culture , then examine the level of influence that extremists funded by the gulf states have in that society ( as i mentioned in an earlier post , indonesians and iranians might be viewed similarly , along with groups like ahmadis ) . 
  oh , and let 's not forget that unlike most of the countries that these people are arriving from , bosnia is in europe proper , and therefore eu states would generally be the first safe countries hypothetical refugees would arrive in after leaving their own ( as was the case in the early 90s during the yugoslav wars ) . 
   well if only we had millions of muslims living and working perfectly peacefully in europe as an example of integration . 
  as i 'm sure you 're aware , islam 's not a monolith . 
  are all those muslims that have currently integrated from the same places as these new arrivals ? 
  were they originally rural or urban ? 
  rich or poor ?
