  where did i want to suppress anything ? 
  who do you think you are that you can tell people what should they consider offensive or not ? 
  well , you are incredibly tolerant . 
  i did n't say ban . 
  what is the matter with you , man ? 
  all i say that it 's disgusting and a misuse of a freedom . 
  if someone does n't like to attack other people values , than he must be a dictator ready to ban everything ? 
  omg . 
  i agree with the insult and intention part . 
  as for the religious beliefs : as someone from an ex-socialist country i do n't like to attack people in their religious beliefs , because i know how many people forced to hide its religion before 1989 . 
  it 's better to respect other people 's values and beliefs . 
  i do n't think that freedom of speech is an excuse to be offensive towards communities . 
  that is rather a misuse of a freedom . 
  sorry , dude . 
  i explained what is my problem with these cartoons , and all you have is `` fuck off '' . 
  it looks like you are the one who suppress and ignore every opinion which does n't agree with your ideology . 
  answered just now for u/superblaar . 
  tl ; dr : because these made to be offensive . 
  i think i would be offended because the sole purpose of such drawings is just to be offensive . 
  these cartoons do n't have any other purpose than to use the freedom of speech as an excuse for bad drawing and the total lack of humor . 
  i also do n't understand , why it 's modern to attack people in their religious beliefs and why it 's not modern to be racist or homophobic ( edit : just to be clear : i consider all of these bad . ), 
  it 's totally unrelated , but `` tilos '' means forbidden in hungarian . 
  maybe that is why you do n't have hungarian tourists there . 
  we must had been very bad at our job if you had been able to keep your own language , your own administration and national assembly for 900 years . 
  i hope you find yourself a serbian , an english or a swahili to quarrel , because this hungarian is not interested in it . 
  totally agree with you on that . 
  i do n't speak croatian , but my grandmother 's family was half-croatian ( she was from legrad ) and i am not unique with that , i think . 
  900 years is a very long common history after all . 
  interesting , that in hungary we always hear in school , that the imperial court or ban jela\u010di\u0107 attacked the revolutionary hungary . 
  it 's never austrians or croatians attacked . 
  1848 was more about liberalism vs. absolutism in hungary , and not about nationality ( just look at j\u00e1nos damjanich or k\u00e1roly knezi\u0107 , who are national heroes of hungary and there were many more ) . 
  afterward when ? 
  if after 900 years of common croatian-hungarian history , with erd\u0151dys and zrinyis etc. , you find just one reason to like hungary as a croatian , then you have a problem , i suppose . 
  these are very offensive cartoons , but i am not sure that we can call them cartoons as they are of very low quality . 
  it looks like the sole purpose to draw them was to make something offensive . 
  i am not a religious guy , i have n't seen a church building from the inside for years , but if someone draw such images about any member of the trinity and show those images on tv with such pride , i would be offended . 
  it was a joke , so no offense taken . 
  hungarians live , play and vote hard . 
   ( zemberek is a joke on `` az emberek '' - `` the people '' . 
  fidesz politicians used the `` it is the will of the people '' or `` the people wants to '' as much in their speeches in the last 5 years , that `` zemberek '' became a synonym for `` bunch of village idiots '' . ), 
  thanks , til . 
  i have never understand that time gap between the independence referendum and the actual war . 
  i do n't know . 
  just this week we saw , that on wednesday they suspended dublin iii , and on thursday they promised to fulfill all obligations . 
  there is a smaller tobacco company , which is friendly to lazar , maybe the government introduce the plain packaging if the destroying of the classic brands benefits that company . 
  or if they do n't like philip morris or bat or any other tobacco company , they introduce it just for fun . 
  anything can happen in hungary . 
  ( like extra taxes for rtl and tesco etc. ), 
  but if the cabinet wants to pass a bill here , no lobby group can stop them , as the fidesz-kdnp mps are ( most of the time ) just voting robots . 
  [ insert deity here ] = common wisdom of the hungarian people aka . 
  brief translation : according to minister janos lazar 's press conference , the philip morris attacking the government , because the cabinet has a new plan to reduce smoking ; the plain cigarette packages , ( ... ) the national assembly will vote about this issue in september . 
  happy statehood day !, 
  there was a big scandal back in 1991 in hungary , when it turned out , that our government sent several thousand aks to croatia in the autumn of 1990 . 
  was it also a big thing there or nothing interesting ? 
  i 'd just like to help to [ define pornography ] ( http://youtu.be/lwqiw95pq4m ) . 
  then do n't call it removing editorialising , because it 's just nitpicking , nothing more . 
  it is not misleading , as other european countries can send back those number of refugees to hungary , as those refugees entered the schengen zone there . 
  this way hungary ( or italy for example ) would easily end up as a buffer state against immigrants for the eu . 
  i am not a hard-line nationalist , so that is not my favourite subject , just do n't understand this crusader-federalist spirit in this thread . 
  so i 'm ok with your opinion ( but i am not share it ofc ) . 
   if we want to send people back - lets at least help make them want to stay where they came from . 
   but hungary 's approach - is just short term & sticking your head in the sand . 
  just to clarify this , the hungarian government is not sending back refugees to unsafe countries , this decision means that they do n't let other european countries to get rid of these immigrants by sending them back to hungary ( where they entered the schengen zone ) , while obviously hungary ca n't send them back to an unsafe country . 
   nobody would bat an eye if we somehow disappeared ... and still you ( like romanians , hungarians , bulgarians etc. ), 
  still want to give up your last line of defense ( the national state and a european union based on the friendly association of these kind of states ) for being a ethnic minority in a centralized and unified european super-state run by bureaucrats ? 
  i do n't think that it could harm schengen . 
  for an average european schengen is one of the clear advantages of the eu , so they ( brussels and the national governments ) will not let that fail . 
  i think that they will only start to quarrel about immigrants beside the greeks and ukraine on eu summits , that 's all . 
  i think there would be only one solution for this whole mess but that is the most difficult one : to find a way to make these refugees to stay at home ( like creating normal countries in somalia , syria etc. ) . 
  that wo n't be happened , so the european countries will be able to play this refugee game for a few years . 
  i hope it will not , as i did not express any opinion , just clarified the reuters title with actual citation from the same article . 
  ofc one should never know in these days what is considered editorialising here ( by [ definition ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/editorialize ) it means to express an opinion ) , but let 's hope for the best and such . 
  ah , that 's a pity as the more the better . 
  we would have been able to cross-feed the buzz , if that is an actual thing what one can do . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3aup40/hungary_is_suspending_readmission_of/ ) is the official announcement of the ministry of interior of hungary , thanks to u/polymute . 
  they gave up the same amount as the rich countries . 
  that 's the most `` beautiful '' part of the eu . 
  hungarian anthem is a prayer to god , that is why it is sounds like that , not because of pessimism . 
  edit : a bit misleading , that only the first stanza of the poem played as an anthem , while there are many more stanzas , which first show the glorious past , then the sins for which god punished the hungarians etc. 
  all according to the good old 19th century romanticism 's usual setup . 
  nationalism does n't depend on trends and dates . 
  i hope you had a good laugh on the fact that the more modern , not nationalist people 's solution is : `` every nations are weak , we will internationally invade you , because you are not modern . '', 
  haha . 
  suicide rates in hungary the 80s were high because the country was in a decline from cca . 
  1982 and many people did n't see any chance to change its circumstances because of the socialist system . 
  the hope , that socialism could make the world better was gone after 1956 and the stopping of the economy reforms around 1975 just strengthened the belief that one could do nothing to change anything . 
  one of the famous song back then was the `` you 're a puppet '' by kft , and that was the feeling of many . 
  after 1990 the trends improved , because people felt that they are in the control of their own life . 
  and the uk is doing the right thing . 
  i do n't know what 's wrong with you guys . 
  i did n't even mention romania or anything related to romania , and it just started . 
  you ca n't stand to start come up with something something romania if you see a fracking hungarian banner ? 
  ofc first you need to join us in the fight , otherwise how could you change sides , right ? 
  not one `` poor '' european country is ready to give up its sovereignty for the `` rich '' countries money . 
  why is this coming up again and again and again ? 
   would you like your country to become just a region of a bigger , bigger , nation ? 
  would you like your children to learn in school , as a first language , a new - european - one ? 
  you can achieve that after you pry my [ rifle ] ( http://www.hmarzenal.hu/images/6.%20%c3%a1bra%20a%20moderniz%c3%a1lt%20ak-63f%20g%c3%a9pkarab%c3%a9ly%20caa%20bipod%20markolattal.jpg ) from my cold , dead nationalistic hands . 
  you 're welcome . 
   you may also like the [ black sea to budapest in 3 minutes ] ( https://youtu.be/jdo7cjxb4mq ),
