  initiate operation graziani . 
  i know talent when i see it and they 're talented . 
  they should stay in their own hellhole if they like that so much and just leave us alone . 
  us troops are trainers in ukraine . 
  the title is misleading and i just hope that not with a purpose . 
  soldiers from the 173rd airborne arrive to ukraine to help training the ukrainian national guard or how they call it . 
  the 173rd airborne spent the last months running around in eastern europe and training and exercising with allied armies . 
  the whole brigade is not in ukraine . 
  if that went that way that would be fine . 
  anyway i do n't want him to die , i just fed up with the fact that they want to force something on the catholic church which is against their faith . 
  two men or women living together happily forever is against their faith . 
  we respect pretty much everything in our modern world , but we simply ca n't let the catholics alone . 
  that 's my problem , not the gay diplomat . 
  i hope he will live a full life and will have a great career in the future , but not in a country where his lifestyle considered offensive , like the vatican or saudi arabia . 
  now i know what basia was doing , while she was waiting for the guys to return from the fight . 
  it 's like a lengthy mexican soap opera . 
  fancy european intellectual . 
  if that means what i think ( that lithuania grown up and has nice tits ) then i hope russia wo n't ask her out for a date . 
  you 're the puppet . 
  it is suspended but still a member . 
  only 6 years ago sikorski wanted russia to join nato . 
  big changes in a few years , who knows what 's next . 
  wtf is wrong with you using caps lock all the time ? 
  eat less capslock flakes . 
  nato partnership for peace . 
  even russia is part of that . 
  you were paying , we were bleeding . 
  true . 
  also vatican only has olive oil . 
  thanks for helping us in 1956 , 1968 and 1981 . 
  hungary was always willing to sacrifice blood and treasure for the security of the continent , only on the wrong side . 
  i hope that everyone is aware of the fact that it is not about `` sacrifice blood '' and such , it is a standard nato exercise to improve lower ( battalion or company ) level cooperation between member states . 
  there were many similar exercises in the past few months across eastern europe and it is only in the news because in the past years such exercises became rarities due to military budget cuts . 
  why do n't they send him to saudi arabia ? 
  i am fed up with this pc bullshit like christmas is holidays and ayatollah is good , the pope is bad and why does n't the church like the da vinci code and such . 
  if there is a reform or a liberal step it is never enough for them . 
  these activists simply ca n't let the catholics alone . 
  or just rename both to atlanta for a new level of confusion . 
  you forget to ask the biggest finno-ugrian nation of all . 
  and we hate sauna . 
  we like palinka . 
  well it 's already well known that denmark is the canada of europe . 
  nationalist yada yada . 
  certainly . 
  in doctor who . 
  it 's not military kit , it 's british military kit . 
  it 's like when british shows and magazines try to prove that britannia was the most important province of the roman empire . 
  yes . 
  it 's a sovereign decision of a country to decide if a person can or can not enter its territory . 
  few years ago the slovak government did not allow to enter the hungarian president to slovakia . 
  ** translation : ** miklos borsa , anchorman of the m1 news was attacked at balantonfured . 
  first he was asked if he is the one who says the news and then he was assaulted and was beaten while the attackers shouted to him : `` try to lie now ! '', 
  ( `` most hazudj ! '', 
  literally : lie now ! ), 
  the anchorman is well , but he is not able to work yet , he is recovering in his home . 
  the hvg.hu asked veszprem county police department about the news , but they ca n't provide information on personal data protection grounds . 
  `` we received the news , that due to our work we would be physically abused with shock , but of course all of the m1 staff will continue to perform its task . '', 
  - said the m1 . 
  see ? 
  eu is about solutions . 
  which part of the `` before that ( ie . 
  polish war ) he served '' you do n't understand ? 
  you just grabbed a part of a sentence ( ... he fought against them in 1920 and there were legends in the ussr about how well he fought against the evil poles . . ) to start arguing on something . 
  you monkey . 
  eu has a precedent for that : denmark and greenland . 
  we just need to reverse-greenlanding them . 
  stalin was the commisar of the south-western front in the soviet-polish war of 1919-1920 , which was a very brutal war . 
  before that he served in tsaritsyn , which in 1925 renamed to stalingrad to honor stalin 's role in the battle of tsaritsyn . 
  i ca n't find a source for any actual ` legends ' , but in the ussr there were legends about every leader . 
  i think there are plenty of such places in europe where 3 borders meet as usually every european country has more than one neighbor , except portugal and the island countries and such . 
  edit : just look right to the subreddit map . 
  really , dr. cooper . 
  it was a joke as i did not stated that it 's cool and i wrote such long serious answer last evening , it is even tl ; dr for me . 
  thanks for the map , it will come in handy as we need to meet our contacts on the road to dushanbe . 
  well said , hubertus could be the 11th plague of egypt . 
  it is cool , so the meal of the future is the schi as it is russian but it made from sauerkraut . 
  `` i saw a german doing a crater with his volkswagen . '', 
   i expect ethics out of everybody , including diplomats . 
  i agree with you , except i do n't except ethics out of everybody , especially not out of diplomats . 
  i did n't make it a debate about ethics , i just asked in my original comment that why should hitler and stalin did it elsehow ? 
   why ca n't you judge that ? 
  because i live 75 years later . 
  from their pov at that time it was a good pact . 
  but they did not know the future . 
  i do n't think , that hitler knew that in 22 months he will conquer half of europe . 
   i honestly do n't know if he actually ( foolishly ) considered them `` basically the same '' stalin did and this is the main thing behind that pact . 
  his talks with the western powers collapsed and he thought that they wanted to force the ussr in a war with germany , wihout helping it in the fight . 
  he did n't like poland ( he fought against them in 1920 and there were legends in the ussr about how well he fought against the evil poles ) , he did not trust in the uk and france and based on the precedents he knew , he saw the pact with the nazi germany a viable solution . 
  ok , you won . 
  show me those great selfless ethics based actions of the great european powers . 
  i am sorry to bother you with such childish things as reality . 
   you insult the rest of humanity in implying that we necessarily must act like hitler , stalin , or kissinger to achieve our political goals . 
  i am not , it is just you who want to press me into the bad guy role , because you have no valid arguments . 
  you , on the other hand want to prove me that diplomacy of the time was about ethics with the notable exception of these two powers . 
  it was not and it is useless to try to prove that point for me . 
  politics is made by people and not by computers . 
  just think of the iraq war . 
  sure , saddam was a bad guy , but nobody knows for sure why that war was necessary or what was the facts and reasons behind that war . 
  what is even worse you want to prove me , that hitler and stalin should have known what you know some 76 years later . 
  i am not defending the soviet or nazi terror or diplomacy , but i do n't like anachronism .
