  prosine\u010dki . 
  he was a great player . 
  you were great in the 90s . 
  look at the map . 
  not just us . 
  there is a whole region of despair around you . 
  wait a minute ... maybe it is because of you . 
  either the romanians are dumb or everyone else on the balkan . 
  hidden and dangerous 2 . 
  thank you czechia . 
  as a hungarian my answer is ** no ** of course . 
  this whole topic proves that it was a brilliant pr decision to name the aircraft ` eurofighter ' . 
  i suggest the following names : eurofighter-15 , eurofighter-16 , eurofighter-18 , my favourite , the retired eurofighter-14 from euronimitz , the eurogrippen and of course the eurogurevich-29 . 
  you can find the contracts on the nfa.hu . 
  but that wo n't tell you anything about the background of the recipients . 
  if you can read that amount of data you wo n't be wiser , because you ca n't decide what was the logic behind the pointing system . 
  here is an [ article ] ( http://vs.hu/kozelet/osszes/szinjatek-az-allami-foldpalyazat-itt-a-bizonyitek-0702 ) about the pointing system and the kishantos lands , but it is `` accusation and speculation '' . 
  all checks and balances are destroyed in hungary after 2010 , the public administration , the police and the prosecutors are govermental tools , those who are not , were fired long time ago . 
  i am afraid you wo n't find the credibility you want . 
  edit : [ejatlas.org ] ( http://ejatlas.org/conflict/land-grabbing-in-kajaszo-hungary ), 
  and what is the problem ? 
  it 's totally true . 
  considering what happened to the baltic states , which became independent also after 1918 finland fought for a reason . 
  it 's better lose 10 % than 100 % . 
  here is an [ example ] ( http://ejatlas.org/conflict/land-grabbing-in-kajaszo-hungary ) for the land tenders which led to such situations . 
  what happened there was not an exception but rather typical . 
  most of the voters who do n't work in the agriculture was not understand or was not interested in these scandals . 
  if someone won 1200 ha land on a tender ( which was the maximum to win and also the typical size for an insider ) that means 60 millions huf ( 200k euros ) pro year for 20 years in agricultural subsidies without doing anything . 
  it 's because they get rid of one of the most entertaining kings . 
  why do n't they shut up ? 
  it 's like a gay guy 's wet dream : 110 000 assholes and a dick in one place . 
  ukrainian red marlboro . 
  stronk people 's choice . 
  iraqi t-72 was not the top of the line , they were ( just like any russian tank outside ussr ) monkey versions . 
  i understand if you hate hungarians or the op , but i am sure that you have never heard the cattle cry . 
  you 're an asshole , my dear sir . 
  this is not the place for this cheap whatever you did . 
  just google foldmutyi or hortob\u00e1gyi foldmutyi . 
  there are plenty of sources just choose one . 
  mutyi means shady business under the table . 
  the goverment gave national lands not for the local farmers but to their own chosen ones . 
  if you consider that 1200 ha of arable land means cca . 
  60 millions huf pro year from the agricultural funds and they got these lands for 20 years , that means these people who barely saw arable land earlier became rather wealthy . 
  even the dep . 
  secretary of agriculture left the goverment because of that as he was unable to stop it . 
  it is very concrete that the tenders were unfair just nothing happens . 
  just some background [ music ] ( https://youtu.be/-zpjquk0cpq ) . 
   where local gorals identified themselves as slovaks . 
  according to what i know about the politics of the era , i am sure that the local gorals was informed in no time that they are poles and they are proud of it . 
  that is the way how `` liberation '' worked those days . 
   insert troops and officially declare oneself as an international peacekeeping force just search yourself some unbiased infos about the present state of the ukrainian armed forces and about how it got to its present state ( which is struggling ) over the past two decades . 
  show me how the citizens of ukraine join the army as volunteers to defend their homeland and show me the refugees in camps in ukraine keen to return to the occupied territories . 
  show me how the resistance movement harassing the russian columns in the crimea . 
  after that i will support the idea of a war against a possibly weak russia , without that it seems to me that you want someone else to fight your war . 
  i am afraid you wo n't show me these things , i think you will just call me pro-russian and downvote this comment . 
  did you heard about the guy who said that `` i will kick in the door and the whole house will collapse '' about russia ? 
  do you know the end of his story ? 
  dude , never told them that the king is naked . 
  it would be real informative to attach production numbers . 
  like how do you compare a leopard , an abrams , a t-90 or a merkava to a leclerc or a challenger or an ariete . 
  many shermans kill tigers . 
  one should think that you have other problems now , then to retake transnistria , which is moldavian by the way . 
  for example not to lose your whole black sea coast in a year . 
  when the one-eyed cowboy walks in the saloon and somebody shoot out his only eye : `` that 's right boys !, 
  always shoot the lamp first ! '', 
   it would be odd to close if that 's a historical custom . 
  you know when our forefathers forced to gather to hear a mass on sundays by stephen i , they decided to do some shopping either . 
  if the ww2 broke out in 1938 , it would be much easier to the western allies to win . 
  they had the resources , they did not have the will to fight . 
  the german army of 1938 was not the same as the 1940 army . 
  there was a reason for the unpopularity of chamberlain and stanley baldwin under the war . 
  they gave up an entente stronghold and let eastern europe slip out of their hand at munich . 
  they lost czechoslovakia , poland , the possibility of a soviet support in the east , they made romania an axis power , made hungary a staunch german ally and above all gave the czech industry to hitler . 
  who makes the distinction ? 
  the elders ? 
  all opinions are equal , but some opinions are more equal than others , right ? 
  and what a pity that he fights the soviets with a 25 years deferment . 
  i really hate to look like someone who speaks against poland , but ...  it 's unfair to only present 1938 events , without telling about 1919-1920 . 
  it is true in the case of germany and hungary either . 
  simply the best solution is not to take an other country 's territory . 
  let there be peace , freedom and cooperation . 
  true , not all germans were nazis , but hitler 's main trick was to win the elections and after that to make the democracy to pig 's breakfast by following the rules of democracy . 
  he got that 40 % . 
   i think that any pro-soviet is an uneducated asshole ... let the pluralism reign . 
  you have your own opinion , others have other opinions . 
  most of the countries in europe was austria or hungary at some point in their history ... the habsburgs will rise again , fully bearded !, 
  first of all , i like poland and i held it 's part in the war in high esteem , but ...  yeah , but we `` only '' took disputed areas ... hungary only took disputed areas either . 
  kingdom of italy and the third reich also . 
  putin also disputed some sovereign territories of ukraine . 
  so many disputed territories and so many countries . 
   we had two options - letting hitler annex zaolzie , which was inhabited mostly by poles , or annex it ourselves ... hitler and horthy had two options - letting their compatriots remain under czechoslovakian opression or `` liberate '' them . 
  in hungary you get 100 % bonus if you work on sunday . 
  that is a special feeling either . 
  we have the same in [ tescos ] ( http://mandiner.hu/attachment/0104/103382_sc.jpg ) , but robots does n't matter when a party wants to prove something . 
  like curva grande and curva parabolica in monza . 
  i met the first , but do n't know the second . 
  epic and true . 
   people really forget that about any nation would have worked with hitler if it benefitted them . 
  the germans voted for hitler because they were badly beaten in versailles , not because of his beautiful brown trousers and fancy mustache . 
  with the noteble exception of japan if a country was an entente or entente ally country in 1918 , then it is a good country with acceptable national goals and proud heritage .
