  * the recent affairs of the government - such as the [ bankruptcy of questor brokerage firm ] ( http://hungarianspectrum.org/2015/03/24/the-quaestor-scandal/ ) , the enrichment of the new oligarchs , the [ pre-arrenged tobacco wholesaler concession ] ( http://budapestbeacon.com/public-policy/tobacco-wholesalers-to-sue-hungarian-government/24440 ) are hardly ever mentioned in the media . 
  * this campaign is the work of the habony arpad - [ finkelstein ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arthur_j._finkelstein ) pair . 
  the top echelons of the government are satisfied with the most recent surveys and the long-term perspective of the refugee topic . 
  * the communication of the government has faltered since the trouble between [ simicska and orb\u00e1n ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2015/02/07/internal-war-in-hungary-ex-ally-oligarch-against-pm-orban/ ) , but now habony can concentrate on the construction of a new media empire for the fidesz . 
  ** turning point ? 
  ** after a long time , the morale is good again on the informal meetings of the government 's most important wise men . 
  this inner circle , which they labeled amongst themselves as political cabinet , meets weekly in the cabinet of the prime minister . 
  in fact , this meeting became the place and not the meetings of the cabinet , where decisions made in the most important issues . 
  in addition to viktor orban ; janos lazar , minister of the prime minister 's office ; antal rogan , floor leader of the fidesz ; arpad habony , consultant ; lajos kosa , executive vice president of the fidesz and sometimes gabor kubatov , manager of the fidesz for organizational matters take part in these meetings . 
  sometimes , when the subject requires peter sz\u00edjj\u00e1rt\u00f3 , minister of foreign affairs is also present . 
  discuss the most important issues of government policy and communication there . 
  they are recently very satisfied ; because according to the surveys of the szazadveg foundation , they managed to stabilize the support of the fidesz , because the vast majority of the population considers the immigration as a real danger and as an urgent matter . 
  this is particularly true in the border regions affected by the crisis . 
  after the autumn-winter wobble - us travel ban scandal , internet tax , the rampage of lajos simicska - the fidesz reached a critical point with the electoral defeat in tapolca . 
  at this point the jobbik with a 17 percent support in the total population closed on the governing parties , which were at 27 percent . 
  even the fact , that the mszp 's ( socialists ' ) support fall to 9 percent did not comfort the prime minister , as in his inner circles orban talks more often about the jobbik as the only medium term rival of the fidesz . 
  the shrinking of the fidesz 's support followed with great concern in the prime minister 's inner circle , but now they think that they turned this negative trend with the refugee topic and with the strong government communication on that topic . 
  in mid-june - after the poster campaign and before the idea of the fence - the sz\u00e1zadv\u00e9g measured the growth of the support for the governing parties first time in six months , which climbed back to 30 percent ( of the total population ) . 
  they clearly connects the increase with the refugee issue , which is supported with the fact that three quarters of respondents expects a tightening of immigration regulations from the government . 
  they even more delighted by the fact that the jobbik has n't strenthened considerably in these critical months . 
  since fidesz rewrote the electoral law in the previous term , the inner circle holds that `` it is enough for the winning position if you wo n't let others win . '', 
  the refugee topic now seen by the strong men of the government as a tool to paralize the jobbik . 
  this celebration seems a little premature ( ... ) but overall in the fidesz the feeling , that they managed to stop the negative trends prevailed . 
  ( ... ) ** communications gold mine ** in addition to the hungarian-serbian border fence , the spectacular domestic actions and communications , the next , prolonged level of the plan will be the escalation of the conflict with the eu over the regulation of the immigration , and the trolling of the neighboring countries , which suits well to the usual tactics of the government . 
  orban already started this recent war of independence two weeks ago in brussels ( ... ) the debate ( - over the refugees and dublin iii ) can open new conflicts both in the western and in the eastern part of the eu , which promise more domestic political ammunition for orban . 
  ( ... ) a good sign for the government that the union itself prepares for a prolonged migration crisis , the international newsreels has been dominated for months by the refugee catastrophe of the mediterranean and the calais incidents . 
  the refugee issue will became a serious domestic issue in more and more member countries , like denmark , germany and italy . 
  the political cabinet is considering a number of further actions , like the closing of the refugee camps and further steps , what suggests to the viewers that the government is aware of the problem and stands up firmly against it . 
  according to the government 's speculations ; the refugee topic will remain in the first line of the communication up until 2017 , or even until the next elections . 
  according the insiders , the only risk of this issue , if the migration would accelerate to a pace that actually will test the government 's performance , but the cabinet do n't believe in this scenario . 
  the general perception in the fidesz is that the refugee problem reached the continent in a fortunate period , and for the exploit of the situation they needed the work of the well-functioning habony-rogan-finkelstein team . 
  the work is mainly controlled by habony , rogan is organizing the public communications , finkelstein is more like a professional supervisor , when he is in budapest . 
  the poster campaign and the idea of the fence is from habony , however , finkelstein had a job , as it was during the previous campaigns with the the tight negative messages on the posters . ( ... ), 
  this positive communication turning point and increasing appreciation of habony increases the chances that in the autumn antal rogan indeed will become the prime minister 's chief of staff . 
  ( habony ) has recently established a joint company with the prime minister 's former secretary gy\u0151ri tibor and he indicated that in the near future he is planning to spend more time outside the prime minister 's office , and he will work on the rebuilding of the fidesz friendly media empire which has been ruined since the affair of simicska . 
  * i copy the translation here , if tl ; dr : the article is not about numbers of attrocities commited by immigrants or something like that , it is about budget numbers . 
  * * the article proves that , based on the budget numbers in 2015 and 2016 , the immigration is not handled by the hungarian government as a main problem nor even as a serious issue , the whole campaign is looks like a pr stunt to attract voters for the fidesz and to stop the growth of the jobbik 's popularity . 
  in the removed thread some agreed with this conclusion , some not . 
  * ** 10 numbers to illustrate how serious problem is the immigration according to the hungarian government ** `` the question is now not only about how we hungarians want to live in europe , but about whether europe remains what we know it today . '', 
  - said viktor orb\u00e1n at tusn\u00e1df\u00fcrd\u0151 ( baile tusnad ) when he spoke about how europe will have to face hundreds of millions of migrants in a few years . 
  based on the government 's poster campaigns , the national consultation on immigration and terrorism , recent fidesz statements and the construction of the wall on the hungarian-serbian border ; the government considers immigration as one of the most pressing problems of the country . 
  let 's not consider the fact that half to two-thirds of asylum seekers in a few days or a few weeks continue their way to austria and germany , or that there is no information on any offense , which had been committed by migrants in hungary . 
  immigration - at least with this intensity in europe - really is a serious problem . 
  but if the government really think that not only western europe but also hungary is in trouble , do they spend a lot , in fact more and more money to solve this situation ? 
  the issue of immigration is managed by the bureau of immigration and naturalization , for which the following sources were earmarked in the central budget in the last year , this year and next year 's budget : 2014 : huf 8.257 billion ( eur 27.5 million ) 2015 : huf 8.907 billion ( eur 29.7 million ) 2016 : huf 8.964 billion ( eur 29.9 million ) so next year we will spend nothing more on that despite the escalating migration pressure , while , for example , the budget of the cultural office of the ministry of human resouces will increase from huf 36.4 billion ( eur 121.5 million ) to huf 66.6 billion ( eur 222 million ) next year . 
  in addition , huf 2 billion ( eur 6.6 million ) will go to this subject from the refugee , immigration and integration fund , which in large part , huf 1.65 billion ( eur 5.5 million ) is eu money , and there is nothing more in the budget about immigration/migration . 
  that is huf 11 billion ( eur 36.7 million ) . 
  but the government does not appear to mimic the swedish model , hungary would rather not take in any immigrants . 
  what steps have been taken to achieve this other than sending policemen to the southern borders ? 
  they planned huf 6.5 billion ( eur 21.7 million ) for the wall on the hungarian-serbian border . 
  this should be ready by autumn and it 's a one-time expenditure , so it seems the government will spend much less for that in the next year . 
  so according to the central budget and the budget of the fence - if we do not count here the inciting poster campaign which cost huf 300 million ( eur 1 million ) - the hungarian government will spend a total of approx . 
  huf 18 billion ( eur 60 million ) on immigrants or against immigrants this year . 
  so that ( ... ) goes for the biggest problem of the eu . 
  on what kind of other urgent things the government spends such an astronomical sum ? 
  * huf 8.7 billion ( eur 29 million ) that is what the central bank spends on artifacts this year . 
  * huf 9.4 billion ( eur 31.5 million ) the government would spend huf 7.9 billion to the refurbishment of the buda castle by 2016 , and 1.5 billion to the refurbishment of the [ carmelite monastery ] ( http://mandiner.hu/attachment/0091/90412_miniszterelnokseg.jpg ) , the future building of the prime minister 's office . 
  * huf 9.5 billion ( eur 31.7 million ) that went to cover the loss of the hungaroring this year ( in the next three years huf 25 billion will be spent to build a `` stadium like '' facility to replace the bleachers ) ( ... ) . 
  * huf 10.3 billion ( eur 34.4 million ) that ammount of money goes to the hungarian academy of arts this year ( 5.2 billion ) and to the national film fund ( 5.1 billion ) . 
  * huf 11.6 billion ( eur 38.7 million ) that much for providing the budget to the [ palace of arts ] ( https://www.mupa.hu/en ) . 
  * huf 14.5 billion ( eur 48.4 million ) that much public money goes to provide a warehouse for the opera house . 
  * huf 24.5 billion ( eur 81.7 million ) for now , ( it looks like that it will be doubled in the next two years to huf 49 billion ) this much will be spent for the 2017 world championships for water sports . 
  * huf 32.4 billion ( eur 108 million ) that much is spent on the national media and communications authority . 
  * huf 80.5 billion ( eur 268.4 million ) that much is spent this year on public television ( mtva ) . 
  * huf whoknowshowmuchand 10 billions according to the plan in a few years huf 183 billion ( eur 610 million ) would spent on stadiums , although the plan ended up in chaos , that is for sure , that much more money will be spent on the hungarian football , which drowned into total disinterest , than to immigration . 
  the ratios are shown in the following charts ( ... ) lots of money go even in such niceties as the national strategic research institute ( huf 1.2 billion ) , the veritas institute ( huf 260 million ) , the design terminal ( huf 600 million ) , hungary initiatives foundation ( huf 600 million ) , pm viktor orban 's protocol ( huf 500 million ) , government communications ( huf 1.1 billion ) , etc. 
  so when the government prattles all day long about the immigration as the biggest problem of the western civilization , and about how hungary is ready to act , it is enough to look at the budget to find out , are there any serious , thoughtful plans on the side of the government or they simply take advantage of a pr opportunity . 
  right . 
  exactly where the `` french and german arms makers merge to create ` the airbus of battle tanks ' '' part of the title could be found in the article ? 
  i mean ( but i did not write the article ) that this whole immigration is not a serious issue for hungary based on the budget numbers , it is * ballooned * by the government * to attract voters * who wants to have a firm handed government * by * presenting them * an easy success * . 
   ... quick crash course ... that would be a tremendous job . 
  here is a guardian article as a substitute : [ hungary 's rabid right is taking the country to a political abyss ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/feb/05/hungary-right-political-abyss ), 
  [ 10 numbers to illustrate how serious problem is the immigration according to the hungarian government - hu ] ( http://444.hu/2015/07/28/10-szam-ami-erzekelteti-mennyire-tartja-valodi-problemanak-a-bevandorlast-a-kormany/ ) [ removed thread with * english translation * in the comments ] ( http://redd.it/3f0dpz ), 
  okay . 
  * d'accord , okay . 
  well , as i understand from the numbers in this article he is not . 
  they spend the same money ( which is not a big sum in the budget ) on immigration like before the crisis . 
  it 's just a big pr action . 
  how is that ? 
  ** 10 numbers to illustrate how serious problem is the immigration according to the hungarian government ** `` the question is now not only about how we hungarians want to live in europe , but about whether europe remains what we know it today . '', 
  - said viktor orb\u00e1n at tusn\u00e1df\u00fcrd\u0151 ( baile tusnad ) when he spoke about how europe will have to face hundreds of millions of migrants in a few years . 
  based on the government 's poster campaigns , the national consultation on immigration and terrorism , recent fidesz statements and the construction of the wall on the hungarian-serbian border ; the government considers immigration as one of the most pressing problems of the country . 
  let 's not consider the fact that half to two-thirds of asylum seekers in a few days or a few weeks continue their way to austria and germany , or that there is no information on any offense , which had been committed by migrants in hungary . 
  immigration - at least with this intensity in europe - really is a serious problem . 
  but if the government really think that not only western europe but also hungary is in trouble , do they spend a lot , in fact more and more money to solve this situation ? 
  the issue of immigration is managed by the bureau of immigration and naturalization , for which the following sources were earmarked in the central budget in the last year , this year and next year 's budget : 2014 : huf 8.257 billion ( eur 27.5 million ) 2015 : huf 8.907 billion ( eur 29.7 million ) 2016 : huf 8.964 billion ( eur 29.9 million ) so next year we will spend nothing more on that despite the escalating migration pressure , while , for example , the budget of the cultural office of the ministry of human resouces will increase from huf 36.4 billion ( eur 121.5 million ) to huf 66.6 billion ( eur 222 million ) next year . 
  in addition , huf 2 billion ( eur 6.6 million ) will go to this subject from the refugee , immigration and integration fund , which in large part , huf 1.65 billion ( eur 5.5 million ) is eu money , and there is nothing more in the budget about immigration/migration . 
  that is huf 11 billion ( eur 36.7 million ) . 
  but the government does not appear to mimic the swedish model , hungary would rather not take in any immigrants . 
  what steps have been taken to achieve this other than sending policemen to the southern borders ? 
  they planned huf 6.5 billion ( eur 21.7 million ) for the wall on the hungarian-serbian border . 
  this should be ready by autumn and it 's a one-time expenditure , so it seems the government will spend much less for that in the next year . 
  so according to the central budget and the budget of the fence - if we do not count here the inciting poster campaign which cost huf 300 million ( eur 1 million ) - the hungarian government will spend a total of approx . 
  huf 18 billion ( eur 60 million ) on immigrants or against immigrants this year . 
  so that ( ... ) goes for the biggest problem of the eu . 
  on what kind of other urgent things the government spends such an astronomical sum ? 
  * huf 8.7 billion ( eur 29 million ) that is what the central bank spends on artifacts this year . 
  * huf 9.4 billion ( eur 31.5 million ) the government would spend huf 7.9 billion to the refurbishment of the buda castle by 2016 , and 1.5 billion to the refurbishment of the [ carmelite monastery ] ( http://mandiner.hu/attachment/0091/90412_miniszterelnokseg.jpg ) , the future building of the prime minister 's office . 
  * huf 9.5 billion ( eur 31.7 million ) that went to cover the loss of the hungaroring this year ( in the next three years huf 25 billion will be spent to build a `` stadium like '' facility to replace the bleachers ) ( ... ) . 
  * huf 10.3 billion ( eur 34.4 million ) that ammount of money goes to the hungarian academy of arts this year ( 5.2 billion ) and to the national film fund ( 5.1 billion ) .
