it was my understanding he was talking about 2014 , about those ukrainian soilders , because if someone dies he became past tense . 
  ( edit : it seems i was wrong . ), 
  i posted that video because the pro-putin forces copied the soviets and shows the ukrainian forces as fascist . 
  ( edit : and you guys made a pretty good ww2 out of it . ), 
  i understand if you hate nazis , but a pow is just a pow , not a scum . 
  you should consider that the wehrmacht and after 1943 even the ss was a conscripted army . 
  i realized that , when i watched olympus inferno . 
  first i did n't understand why they call the georgians and the americans fascists . 
  that kindergarten thing was the same here , in hungary , which is strange considering the fact , that we were on the axis side . 
  but on the contrary , all in the jokes of the time it was reagan who tricked gorbachev somehow . 
  wait a minute . 
  we are not talking about ww2 here . 
  we are talking about ukrainian soilders who was captured by pro-russian forces in 2014 . 
  they are herded across a town resembling an 1944 parade after operation bagration . 
  2014 russia is not the soviet union and angela merkel is not adolf hitler . 
  stop fighting the second world war , it 's over . 
  it is , really . 
  i am red bull blind . 
  you see it well , they are playing that game , but they do n't think it 's the middle ages . 
  they are just cynical . 
  the politics are just business for them and they defend their business interests at all costs . 
  that is n't change anything . 
  they copied that parade and they have brought a great shame on themselves . 
  it is strange that the russians consider everybody else fascist . 
  the georgians are fascists , the ukrainians are fascists ... but the russians are fine . 
  that is true . 
  they do n't want to take that risk . 
  do you think that an enduring peace is possible with russia if ukraine join the nato and the eu ? 
  ( i do n't mean nuclear peace . ), 
  edit : i am just asking it , so do n't take it as an offense . 
  what a real proud patriot you are . 
  from elizabeth to elizabeth . 
  never underestimate what is going on in syria and iraq . 
  those are real bad guys at the is . 
  they copy this obviously : http://youtu.be/jc6ojurg6pk shame . 
  it is because of the french and the dutch . 
  what about malta and andorra ? 
  how exactly is not ? 
  does monroe-doctrine ring a bell ? 
  the big brother policy ? 
  banana wars ? 
  salvador allende ? 
  do n't believe too hard in hope & change . 
  edit : no hope they wo n't change . 
  relax . 
  first , i just inserted what a european wiseguy said . 
  it seems to me that the eu simply does n't care if someone sells goods for the russians . 
  secondly , believe me , 5 serbs is more than enough to make photos and videos about how serbian people support russia . 
  oh man , read the thread . 
  estonians and hungarians and finns are relatives . 
  we are the only finno-ugric peoples in europe . 
  it is something that you and your british pals have . 
  that is why the estonians do n't understand the hungarian goverment 's step . 
  i do n't know his intentions . 
  orban and his gang built up an effective network of connections and advantages in the past years in hungary , they work like a mafia . 
  most of the european leaders assisted to it . 
  `` ah , orban is just a right-wing leader , he makes no harm ... '' . 
  suddenly putin shows up and offered 10 billion euros for their new nuclear plant . 
  they will steal a good part of that money . 
  that is why he is pro-russian now . 
  five years ago ? 
  he was so anti-russian , that he was almost eating russians for breakfast . 
  i just said that the hungarian people like estonians . 
  do you really think , that the hungarians love russia ? 
  we have no problem with the russian people , but we had some serious clashes with the russian state in the past 170 years . 
  but think whatever you want . 
  / edit : for example calling a politican `` muszkavezet\u0151 '' - `` ruskie-leader '' , the man who leads the russians into the homeland is an insult in hungarian , it means traitor . /, 
  maybe this is just the first step in orban 's 100-step program for world domination . 
  do n't be jealous of the fact that we are all relatives of mika hakkinen and it gives us strength in our everyday life . 
  built-in obsolescence . 
  damned thing . 
  that is why the old east german products were good . 
  all washing machines etc. 
  was designed to last at least for 10 years . 
  it was required by law . 
  we had pretty awful results when we did it ourselves . 
  who knows ? 
  maybe none of the fidesz protegees wanted to go to tallin . 
  strange , because we consider the estonians our relatives . 
  they have had their own foreign policy since 1990 and look at the results . 
  what about rob brydon 's british satellite , the perseverance ? 
  rise galileo , rise !, 
  more than enough . 
  stalin reads his report to the party congress . 
  suddenly someone sneezes . 
  `` who sneezed ? '', 
  silence . 
  `` first row !, 
  on your feet !, 
  shoot them ! '', 
  they are shot , and he asks again , `` who sneezed , comrades ? '', 
  no answer . 
  `` second row !, 
  on your feet !, 
  shoot them ! '', 
  they are shot too . 
  `` well , who sneezed ? '', 
  at last a sobbing cry resounds in the congress hall , `` it was me !, 
  stalin says , `` bless you , comrade ! '', 
  that is what i call a selfie .
