  the restaurant chain is investigating the case , but the outcome of the investigation may depend on what the local business leader says about the case . 
  this is not the first embarassing incident at that fast food restaurant . 
  the black visitors of the mcdonald 's were only allowed to sit at their table for a few minutes as a security guard expelled them from the restaurant . 
  one of them was just allowed to finished his meal . 
  only blacks - the rigor applies only to blacks , asian and white guests are not harassed by local security guards - reported the blikk about the incident happened over the weekend , they also provided a video about the incidentl . 
  the store manager , according to the newspaper argued , that the rigor is necessary as the restaurant has become a favorite meeting place for drug dealers , and the restaurant wants to protect their clients . 
  the tabloid also wrote that the workers supposed to recognize the drug dealers by the help of a photographic list . 
  just among us ? 
  - we asked the mcdonald 's hungary , their spokeperson sylvia adam told us that `` in their restaurants no one distinguished on the basis of race , color , religion , sex , age , national origin , citizenship status , disability or sexual orientation . 
  about the case in question , mcdonald 's has ordered an internal investigation in the mentioned fast-food restaurant . 
  we understand that the manager , who will investigate the case is the same person who spoke about the scandalous incident with the press earlier . 
  only if necessary - we contacted the police : the budapest police has no information about harassment of any non-white guests in the restaurant or about the drug dealers there . 
  this is probably remain the same as the mcdonald 's lead an internal log abouit the conflicts in the restaurant , but they contact with the authorities only if necessary . 
  someone hit - in april , for example , they turned to the police , when they beat up a young man - in the same fast-food restaurant at the blaha square . 
  according to the victim , who spoke to 444 . hu , a local security guard assaulted him and punched him several times in the face , cutting his mouth as well . 
  no procedure - the official version of the mcdonald 's is completely different , they told us that two company fought in the restaurant , and then assaulted one of the employees of the security service as well . 
  internal investigations have shown that this time the guards acted lawfully and professionally . 
  it is interesting that although the company portal and the victim also spoke of ill-treatment , the police did not initiate any proceedings against anyone . 
  allowed to breastfeed ? 
  - mcdonald 's security personel sometimes lose it when they see a nursing mother . 
  as we reported , on may 20 on the western railway station , a fast food restaurant security staff said to a pregnant woman that `` breastfeeding activity is not accepted here '' . 
  in response , two days later , hundreds of nursing mothers surprised the fast food restaurants , a network spokesman appeared in no time on the scene and tried to reassure everyone that `` this is a family - and child-friendly company . '', 
  hungary , slovakia , poland , romania are all fairly solid , unified countries . 
  remember , russians did not attacked ukraine because it was strong and unified . 
  that is right . 
  also my country is not a failed state . 
  usual criminal activity ? 
  that is not what we call usual in hungary , and they do not call it usual in subcarpathia , nor in slovakia , poland or romania . 
  that is highly unusual in every normal country . 
  ofc we do n't make pr campaigns about our police in fancy us style uniforms like they did in kiev , but no smuggler would dare to do such thing in my country . 
  did you read the link ? 
  armed groups fighting with the police in western ukraine ( that is cca . 
  1000 km from eastern ukraine ) and blocking roads , and that is not a priority for the ukrainian government ? 
  more news : http://newcoldwar.org/shootout-between-police-and-neo-nazis-in-western-ukraine/ in hungarian : http://www.origo.hu/nagyvilag/20150714-jobb-szektor-karpatalja-terrorakcio-ellenorzo-pont.html, 
  well , problem solved , italy doomed . 
  no need to worry about italy as there is not a good abbreviation for the italian euro-exit . 
  i think it makes sense after such journey . 
  they just tired , bored etc. 
  and release the pressure with a riot . 
  that is why part of the hungarian people afraid of refugees ( ofc not the hardcore radicals , they just hate everybody ) . 
  we are not responsible for their situation , not hostile towards them , only we do n't know what to do with thousands of angry young muslims . 
  i really do n't know . 
  but they got shelter , food etc. 
  in hungary , they were not robbed or beaten in hungary , and you just try to find something to prove that this riot was the fault of the camp or the police . 
  i do n't think that was what happened . 
  they do n't need to deal with the crime themselves , they need to report the theft to the police , just like any hungarian would do . 
  we do n't have guards even at the homeless shelters . 
  i do n't know , but that was what happened . 
  but your other comment suggests that you misunderstood the goal of this debrecen center . 
  the refugees are not locked in there , it 's not a prison . 
  they have a place to rest and sleep , not the best obviously , but the infrastructure was not built for as many people . 
  ofc that is the problem ; that they went out to damage unrelated people 's and public property , just because they are fed up with their life or what . 
  that 's not a security issue . 
  they are not arrested , they are not under police custody or such . 
  if someone stole something , they should report that . 
  that is a refugee camp , its primary goal is to provide a place to live and sleep , until their case is settled , so they are not under constant surveillance . 
  they can even leave the camp anytime they want . 
  [ here ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/police-tear-gas-stop-fighting-hungary-refugee-camp-155146950.html ) is an article about this riot . 
  please do n't ask for date based upvotes . 
  instead of that you should try to tell us why is that village is the `` most interesting '' in europe . 
  for example in italy there are roman and medieval buildings and ruins everywhere . 
  we have already had a greek week . 
  not much fun . 
  the best part that `` salami tactics '' is really a [ thing ] ( http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,857130,00.html ) . 
  are you kidding ? 
  romanians are very active here . 
  they just need time to finish their dinner . 
  we asked them before : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2uw0yn/rromania_uses_a_black_tag_that_translates_to_jail/ it looks like that their politicians built up an empty legal frame , because the eu wanted it and a political stalemate between the president and the parliament gave a chance for the anti-corruption agency to use that frame and their first few successful actions gave them the momentum to succeed , thanks to the popular support . 
  til . 
  iirc it 's not a matter of willingness , they have to , as they promised that in their treaty of accession . 
  czechs has a decade long tradition of strange presidents , just think of klaus . 
  no need to be confused . 
  after all the czech republic is the protecting power of the us in syria . 
  hungary protects australia and canada . 
  and this is sarcasm : dear anglo-saxons , put your mind at rest , firm stands , and true , the watch , the watch at the euphrates !, 
  nomen est omen , as they say , amiright ? 
  edit : putin has many backdoors in the eu , and hungary is even not the most important or biggest of them . 
  you think that a good nato member is the one who always supports the us policy in every case ? 
  bad news , dude , that is a minion , not an ally . 
  ofc hungary has its own national interests , but hungary is very supportive to every nato operations and very supportive to us diplomacy . 
  / u/andrei _ tv ( sorry , mistyped the name * ) put it right about our pm , who is not a president : `` orban is a corrupt muppet and he 'll always kiss the ass of the highest bidder '' . 
  i think you just repeating what you have heard in the international media . 
  check the facts about the hungarian nato participation and diplomacy first . 
  as for the czechs : they even supported the us on cuba . 
  strong contender . 
  hungary against transatlantic solidarity because of the russian money ? 
  edit : also czechs against transatlantic solidarity ? 
  it 's hard to find a more pro-us state in europe in the last 25 years , than the czech republic . 
  implement rule 303 . 
  edit : for the albanians , just send in liam neeson . 
  translation : strange russian win on the underground railway tender the estonian skinest rail has not been commenting on the decision with which the company was excluded from the public tender for the renovation of underground trains of the metro line 3 , we learned from the director of the company . 
  meanwhile , it turned out that estonians ' offer was not only huf 9 billion ( 30 million euro ) cheaper , but in significant elements was more modern , and also offered a five-year extended warranty . 
  we obtained the evaluation that includes why the company was excluded from the tender in the end . 
  `` in the next few days we will not comment on the decision of the budapest public transport co. ( bkv ) '' - answered sergei yakovlev , a director of the skinest rail to our question on whether they will try to appeal against the decision . 
  meanwhile , the for metro communication association revealed that the estonian offer was not only huf 9 billion cheaper than the russians ' 69 billion ( 230 million euro ) bid , but it was also technically better . 
  as we learned , the russian offer serial dc motors for the trains , while the estonians offered much more modern and energy-efficient asynchronous motors . 
  the russian tender offered braking blocks while the estonian offer includes modern disc brakes . 
  in addition , the estonians offered a 30 years warranty for the vehicle body against the 25-year-old russian guarantee . 
  we obtained the valuation opinion ( ... ) , which reveals if not the price , not the more modern engine and braking , nor the guarantee date , than what was decisive in making the russian metrovagonmash to won the tender for the reconstruction of subway cars with the exclusion of the estonian company . 
  you can download the complete collection on the above link to , but here is the eight objections briefly : - the collectors were not upper touching ( according to experts is not a serious design problem , just interchangeable modular parts ) - alternative proposal for door operating ( estonians recommended pneumatic opening instead of electric ) - there was n't an automatic ( avr ) mode on the simulator ( as the simulator first and foremost for understanding the controls ) - the escape ladder was changed to escape ramp ( the latter was the requirement , but it was a problem that they changed it after the opening of the tender ) - due to the requirements two seats ' positions was changed ( the problem that they can not be changed after the opening of the tender ) - the price included the audit services , although this is not allowed - missed a block diagram of mechanical failures - reported only in part about maintenance background , and failed to present the tools and equipment that is adapted to the track image .
