    `` this is completely legal . 
  there is practically nothing amiss about it , '' former eu agriculture commissioner franz fischler told austrian radio . 
  `` any organization in , say , switzerland or the balkans , is free of charge to get items from austria and then to export them to russia . < < http://www.dailynewsen.com/business/eu-food-trade-looks-to-sidestep-russian-ban-h2554414.html about whom the serbs like : http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/ukraine-crimea-crisis-serb-chetnik-militia-joins-pro-russian-patrols-1439654, 
  is that what aquaman do ? 
  at last the swiss fight their way to the sea !, 
  at least you get a few likes by mocking the collapsing health care system of hungary . 
  i bet you targeted the goverment , but it seems to me that you hit the country eventually . 
  keep up the good work . 
  whom the gods would destroy , they first make mad . 
  well , in scandinavia you have pretty good political traditions and therefore a strong public . 
  i do n't want to lost in hungarian politics , but we have problems here with that . 
  no offense , but i think we are not alone with that problem in europe . 
  in recession most of the people vote for fuckers . 
  they always want to beleive in easy solutions . 
  populists or demagogues gaining ground in europe and they easily destroy the democracy itself . 
  an example from hungary : we had a very good , balanced constitution . 
  it was totally changed in 1989 , but the legislators back than did n't changed its dating , so it remained a law passed in 1949 . 
  with additional laws and with the precedents of the constitutional court it became a well balanced , democratic constitution , which saved us from our politicans several times . 
  then came the landslide victory of the political right in 2010 and they destroyed this `` communist constitution '' . 
  they made a new constitution which is totally unbalanced and gave their protegees life-long offices . 
  ( one example : you can elect a new chief prosecutor only by two-thirds majority , and if the parliament ca n't elect a new , the old one remains in office for a full term . ), 
  they even change this new constitution when it is necessary , four or five times in the last 3 years . 
  of course one could easily say , that i am just a weeping lefty or that is just a hungarian problem , stupid magyars etc. 
  but what should we do , if this scenario repeats on a european level ? 
  i did n't mean aristocrats , when i mentioned aristocratic elements . 
  a powerful senate or some corporatism or the current european council can do the trick without harming the rule of the people . 
  the common identity and the well-informed public are simply not enough . 
  there are some serious bastards out there . 
  that will be fine , but do n't be suprised if juncker never attend any meeting in time . 
  rather like omega code or megiddo with michael york . 
  without some kind of an `` aristocratic '' element ( and i am not an elitist or something like that ) a democracy can easily destroy itself , like the weimar republic . 
  on a european scale , a strong democracy could easily destroy the eu . 
  look at the european parliament ; nigel farage & co. . democracy is good but you need a balance on the long run . 
  that would be difficult . 
  what are our common preferencies and interests ? 
  for example austria and hungary interested in the stability of the balkan , but for a finn it is not that important . 
  france interested in north africa , but for an austrian , hungarian or finn it is not that important either . 
  and it is just a day in the life of a german secret agent . 
  it not depends on us . 
  as long as merkel , hollande or cameron or any other european leader push his ( edit : or her ) own agenda in foreign policies . 
  remember , that there is not any other union/federation/confederation like the eu . 
  it is always evolving . 
  it is like a box of chocolate , you are never know what you are gon na get . 
  but you always get interesting things . 
  ashton was a tragedy or a joke or both . 
  at least there is an opportunity to the foreign ministers in the eu to meet regularly and talk about issues . 
  besides that , there is no such thing as a common foreign policy just alliances . 
  it looks like a banner designed for the antichrist from a b-class hollywood movie . 
  of course , these are n't the droids you 're looking for . 
  the moral of the story is : if you want peace elect a french general as king . 
  because some neighbours ca n't handle our rich and colorful common history . 
  of course it is not true in the case of croatia . 
  we are proud of our common history and our common heroes . 
  `` your fucking country ... bullshit ... stirring shit ... decisive measures . '', 
  man , it is a long way to go . 
  read before you write . 
  `` you can read the question on the top of the page . 
  i am sorry , but that is the public opinion . '', 
  i wrote this 12 hours before . 
  what the fuck do you want more ? 
  lighten up and get a life . 
  i do n't like those bikers either and i am not the only one in hungary . 
  it is not . 
  i do n't know well your politics , but indeed it seems to be a suicidal step . 
  hungary is n't going putinist . 
  we love freedom and we have showed this several times . 
  they simply just ca n't take away our liberty . 
  not even orban and his gang . 
  most of us do n't like them , but they built up an effective network of connections and advantages , like a mafia . 
  it will be hard to get rid of them , but they never will be able to became something like putin . 
  `` cum deo pro patria et libertate '' as they say . 
  yes , we are the darth vaders of south-east europe . 
  autonomy is not separatism . 
  at most about 5 % of the hungarian population ( in hungary ) beleive in any kind of revision . 
  this number is lower amongst the hungarians in romania , i think . 
  autonomy is just warrants the survival of the hungarians in romania , and it existed before . 
  it is very european to bring the decisions to the lowest possible level . 
  beleive me , you do n't need to afraid the hungarians . 
  the main magyar party has good ties with everyone , and that is fine for me . 
  have a nice evening !, 
  just follow your president 's routine . 
  when his popularity decrease he always find a hungarian inside or outside romania from whom he wants to defend the most precious interests of romania . 
  anyway i always admired how nicely you handle orb\u00e1n 's yearly visits . 
  again , i am sorry , but that is the public opinion . 
  the slovaks made some not european steps , like the hedvig malina-case , but they still enjoy some sympathy from the czechoslovakian times , i think . 
  i know that the hungarians in romania just want to live their life , like any other citizen of romania . 
  if the romanians beleive that either , and a politican can not win votes with the magyar-card , that would be fine . 
  you can read the question on the top of the page . 
  i am sorry , but that is the public opinion . 
  anyway : romanians in hungary in 1980 : 10141 ; in 2011:35641 . 
  they 're treated just the same like the hungarians in everyday life . 
  in romania if something goes wrong you 'll instantly get the hungarians out of the hat . 
  i just answered the question and you started to attack me . 
  tell me , what does it tell about you ? 
  hungary is hated by its neighbours for obvious reasons . 
  they just want to get away with the loot . 
  at least this is clear . 
  hungary 's least : romania , because of the anti-magyar politics . 
  hungary 's most favorite is austria . 
  except for the poles , czechs and hungarians .
