   i 'm saying that this was a horrible idea on stalin 's part . 
  i do n't know that and i am not able to judge that . 
  but i am convinced that he considered that a good idea based on the precedents he knew . 
   i 'm confused by what you mean here . 
  i mean that if the cold war between the ussr and usa was possible ( with a status quo based on yalta and potsdam conference ) , then a cold war between the ussr and nazi germany would have been also possible based on the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  for the soviets nazi germany or democratic usa was the same ( see next point and no , i do n't think they are the same . ), 
   germany was the greatest existential threat to the ussr in the world . 
  it is true as a fact , but again it is not about facts . 
  stalin , the politburo and the bolsheviks saw their system 's main enemy in the imperialists ( imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism according to lenin and not a colonial empire in that sense ) , and they considered the usa , uk , france and germany imperialist countries , which are equally dangerous for the soviets because they are basically the same . 
  yes , but the original us/english offer after the war for the polish soldiers was repatriation ( ie . 
  a grave in soviet poland ) . 
  they did not give aid or pensions for those cca . 
  300,000 polish veterans who fought alongside them , becasuse they were poles , not british . 
  just like they did not give pensions for the gurkhas until the 21st century , because they are not british soldiers , just mercenaries . 
  so i mentioned gen. sosabowski only as an example for the justice in diplomacy and international politics . 
  do you think people are some kind of computers , with some ideas and facts as inputs and good , ethical decisions as outputs ? 
  they are not . 
  they have prepositions based on precedents even in diplomacy . 
  that pact was made by hitler and stalin and yes , they thought that it is fine enough to live with it . 
  not forever just for a time . 
  there was a cold war between 1947 and 1990 , where both sides knew that the final battle is inevitable , they just wanted to postpone it on the grounds of their agreements in yalta and potsdam . 
  on best friend i meant rohm , as he was presented as a ` best friend ' for the party and for germany . 
  as for bff , hitler did not have such , nor stalin did . 
  i wrote that to show the absurdity of the idea of friendship in the case of these two . 
  why should hitler or stalin came up with a great plan like what you mentioned instead of just grab what they could and got away with it ? 
  the great powers of europe partitioned poland three times before that in a similar manner and lived in peace for decades after those partitions . 
  hitler and stalin were not ethical guys and they were really in the realpolitik business like kissinger . 
  you only consider kissinger a war criminal because you are an american and it is not an american thing to admit that your diplomacy is about facts and not about ideas . 
  i did n't mean friendliness regarding poland or romania in the sense of friendship . 
  stalin made an alliance with that churchill in 1941 , who not only talked against the soviets , but fought against them in 1919 . 
  i used friendliness in the ally or close relationship sense like in the case of the soviet-mongolian relations . 
  edit : just for the friendship , hitler personally arrested his best friend and executed his brother-in-law . 
  stalin send kalinin 's and molotov 's wife to gulag and let his son rot in a pow camp . 
  really not friendly folks . 
  yep , salaries are low here compared to western europe and we are not cheap enough to compensate the difference . 
  as for the unicum , i googled a hungarian ask anything page and for the ` unicum or jagermeister ' question there are not a single unicum answer on the [ first page ] ( http://www.gyakorikerdesek.hu/etelek-italok__bor-sor-roviditalok__2584781-unicum-vagy-jagermeister ) . 
  i did n't take it personal , just everyone has an accent and it 's useless to fight against it . 
  i am sorry for that international enviroment and i hope none of them tried to give you some ` you have to taste it ' foods or the legendary unicum or lecturing you about brewing coffee . 
  true , their independence and national interests were not important for them only their territory and resources . 
  but show me a european power before the 1960s which cared about such things like independence and justice . 
  look what the western powers did to poland after the war . 
  the polish general from the bridge too far ended up as ~ ~ a bartender in london ~ ~ a factory worker in acton . 
  i think it was a totally logical step by both sides . 
  the whole interwar european system was designed against those two powers . 
  after the western powers and their eastern allies did not want to negotiate neither hitler nor stalin they did what was the national interest of their country . 
  uk and france watched the invasion of poland without attacking germany , but wanted to send troops to finland against the soviets . 
  diplomacy and war is a dirty business and is not gentlemen 's business . 
  the well known communist , henry kissinger already proved in his book about the history of diplomacy , that that pact was a fully understandable cold hearted decision in the tradition of the european diplomacy on both sides . 
  why should stalin or hitler did it elsehow ? 
  neither poland , nor romania or any of the baltic states were important for them , or even friendly to them . 
  i like that you are more anti-russian and anti-communist in this question than churchill in his memoirs which he wrote at the height of the cold war . 
  yeah , the assassin was from a former axis country . 
  are they speaking french or what ? 
  as far as i know the catholic church and the hungarian government aid the copts to help them preserve their religion and culture at home , but i have never heard any discrimination of refugees based on religion . 
  we worked hard for that mild weather in the previous decades . 
  is officer crabtree in ` allo'allo accurate enough ? 
  luckily all belgium speak english with a proper new england accent . 
  every region of the world has its own accent , for example the way how reese witherspoon says ` a ' in the avon ad sounds like a proper closed ` a ' used in some parts of hungary . 
  the average hungarian likes poles and does n't like russian leaders ( but do n't have problems with russians ) . 
  maybe you 're a conservative-libertarian , but it is not good to give up the friendship cca . 
  75 % of hungarians who deeply condemn the jobbik and its policies . 
  they spoke about learning english and how to pronounce words like ` whirlwind ' . 
  weatherman : ' i have problems with present continuous ' anchorman : ` but you just need to speak about the future ' and that the new studio will be ready soon and until then they will learn the present perfect as well . 
  uk testing the aircraft , not using it , they will become operational in 2017 . 
  you simply do n't want to understand what i said . 
  that is not the same level . 
  national level vs. political parties . 
  when hungary helped poland in the past ( like in 1939 or the 26 million rubles food aid in 1981 ) or vice versa ( polish food aid in 1956 ) it was n't a far right thing or political parties thing . 
  i admitted that f-35 is capable , but it 's not in use anywhere outside the us now , while gripen is cheaply operated by a number of nations ( this is its main advantage ) . 
  it is hard to stop an agressor with future weapon systems , but you can always sell your older weapons and buy a new one , when it is available . 
   is this the only party that can beat that fidesz party in the parliamental elections ? 
  results at tapolca constituency : far-right/right/left :35 % / 34 % / 26 % and there was a very low voter turnout ( edit : according to / u/kaldor it was less than 40 % ) . 
  last time the left won at veszpr\u00e9m ( national ) and at ujpest , budapest ( local ) . 
  ( edit : in ep jobbik is in the same group as the party for freedom , so sadly they are not a hungarian speciality , only we do n't have muslims so they after the gypsies . ), 
  i am sorry if i looked like someone who doing a positive or supportive something for her . 
  it was not intended . 
  but not swedish . 
  ( edit : show me an operational f-35 squadron outside us . 
  sure , it 's far more capable , just not in use , but you can show the invoice for the attacking bandits . ), 
  are you kidding me ? 
  half of the / r/europe want the us to solve european problems , like ukraine and such , and you pretend that we have nothing to do with this ? 
  support democracy , [ buy jas gripen ] ( https://youtu.be/j78gantvufg ) . 
  [ thenewyorktimes article ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/13/us/politics/hillary-clinton-2016-presidential-campaign.html?_r=0 ) . 
  [ my favourite hillary moment ] ( https://youtu.be/fgcd1ghag5y ) . 
  harem before haram , that is the muslim way . 
  she was from an ancient hungarian noble family , the apponyi family . 
  her first known ancestor was thomas , the red who was the hungarian ambassador at the papal court in avignon in 1345 . 
  through her mother , gladys virginia steuart she was a distant cousin to richard nixon and poet robert frost , with deep ancestral roots in the massachusetts bay colony . 
  after her father death , her family 's fortune spent and she worked in the gift shop of the budapest national museum , where her uncle was the director . 
  is this area that big empty place between barcelona and madrid ( a highway which connects the two cities crossing it ) , which looks like a desert and hot as hell in the summer ? 
  that is not true in hungary , as i wrote in the opening post even those villages have plenty of services . 
  they just ca n't keep their population . 
  i do n't want further investments but true , it 's easy to link a logical fallacy description , but society is usually not about logic . 
  you know what ? 
  fuck you . 
  it 's the same what the serbs did when they gave up yugoslavia and wanted to hold just certain territories . 
  the ukrainian government stirring the shit in order to secure western support and create a western ukraine . 
  they use anticommunism as a bait to gain support . 
  and the people who actually live there should also shut the fuck up or they will be shot , right ? 
  you know better what is good for them then themselves , right ?
