  this spectacular time-lapse video made by tibor nagy , who works as an officer on a river cruise ship . 
  this time he made a six-minute video of a two-week-long trip from amsterdam to budapest . 
  the video starts in the center of amsterdam , in the harbor behind centraal station . 
  they passed first d\u00fcsseldorf , then cologne on the river rhine , after that the [ lorelei ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lorelei ) . 
  at mainz they sailed into the river main , which is 382 km long navigable , and has 34 locks on it . 
  from bamberg to kelheim they sailed on the danube-main canal , then on the danube . 
  the author 's favourite part is in austria , the curves of schl\u00f6gen , where among the beautiful hills one can only can go through by boat or bike . 
  at the end of the video , it is dawn at esztergom and v\u00e1c in hungary and finally the arrival in budapest at 8 am . 
  yeah , it 's the unofficial flag of bornholm , but they do n't use the white in it most of the time . 
  it 's just a nordic flag with hungarian colors this time . 
  the feed is live , the clock in the bottom right corner shows 23:26 and there is high noon obviously in hungary , according to the news . 
  i think it 's because the soft power of britain . 
  `` a country 's soft power is its ability to make friends and influence people not through military might , but through its most attractive assets , notably culture , education , language and values . 
  in short , it 's the things that make people love a country rather than fear it , things that are often the products of people , institutions and brands rather than governments . '', 
  - [ british council ] ( http://www.britishcouncil.org/organisation/facts/what-the-british-council-does/contribution-uk-soft-power ) so the uk was too successful with its whole `` what is british , that is cool '' propaganda ( like tea , queen , connery , caine , bond , rowan atkinson , the average british is a fine chap etc. ), 
  translation : the state administration is in an alarming state , according to [ janos lazar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%a1nos_l%c3%a1z%c3%a1r ) , who spoke at a forum in szeksz\u00e1rd about cases of suspected corruption and the squandering of money . 
  ( ... ) lazar 's tough statements has confirmed by the prime minister 's office . 
  on architects forum , held on june 8 , in szeksz\u00e1rd , minister j\u00e1nos l\u00e1z\u00e1r , the head of the prime minister 's office spoke surprising frankly about how the hungarian state works . 
  all of this is known , because a politician of the opposition egy\u00fctt ( `` together '' ) party , the architect berkecz bal\u00e1zs was invited to this forum , and in recent days he started to publicate the speech on his blog . 
  ( ... ) lazar made such comments as : * the government is in an alarming state , considering its size , disabilities and heaviness . 
  * tax return : `` the tax declaration of the size of a beer mat is so far away that it is rather of a brewery-size '' * he tried to charge the bureaucracy with his characteristic boldness , but he almost failed , because not one governmental office helped him to do that . 
  * in hungary there are three kinds of bureaucracy : one based on over-regulation , a pointless bureaucracy , and a self-serving bureaucracy . 
  * we have been living in a lobbyist k\u00e1d\u00e1rian culture for 30 years . 
  * once hidden and latent xenophobia is actually raging everywhere in the world , and therefore everyone prefers to hire white hungarians over anyone else . 
  if someone , with a hungarian passport hired to work in spain , that one could get 100-200 euros more than a romanian citizen for the same job . 
  it 's tough statements from the minister , who is responsible for the entire state administration . 
  berkecz wednesday disclosed new details of the forum . 
  according to him , the minister said , that he is so fed up with the state administration , that in fact ; `` i am organizing a coup . '', 
  that means , according to him , that he needs to coordinate his steps with other actors ( chambers , mayors , consulting firms ) because of the the size of the resistance of the administration to get results . 
  ( ... ) the most interesting part , however , is when lazar tells a story about how lobbying companies targeting the fidesz government . 
  lazar told , that he is asked by an architect from kecskem\u00e9t , why could n't a small brick chimney be built , and why the fidesz government made a rule three years ago that only two types of bricks could be used to build a chimney . 
  lazar found out after two days of investigation , `` who were the two foreign companies who have reached this legislation . 
  `` the skin burned off my face , the earth opened beneath my feet , that we are able to do such insolence '' . 
  berkecz said that the mentioned case happened around 2011-12 , and it seems rather suspicious of corruption . 
  after all , the minister said the two companies reached an appropriate regulation for their interests in the ministry . 
  according to lazar , these `` exciting things '' happens in the executive orders , as the ministers usually do n't read what they sign and no one really cares about these orders . ( ... ), 
  lazar also made a serious statement , that , `` there is money for everything , just not for what we want to do , not for the preparation of projects , not for the construction , but for how to get the money to purchase , or for the stealing of more money , to speak clearly . '', 
  lazar mentioned an example , when the government determined that at road constructions maximum 15 per cent of eu money could be paid to land expropriation , therefore `` the lawyers and such tried to get that 15 % in all cases . '', 
  with regard to the statements quoted from lazar , we asked the office of the prime minister , they promised a later reply . 
  til . 
  germans were always good at walls and fences . 
  shocking pictures . 
  netherlands ... you do n't even have a fence on your border . 
  ah , euro , the dying currency . 
  yeah open this gate . 
  trianon down this wall !, 
  no one wants to rob an irishman . 
  well most of the hungarian military songs has only one subject , which is : `` honey , i have to leave you because of that damned war . '', 
  and we are the aggressors ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  and this is the right place to remember the letter of philotheus of pskov to vasili iii of russia : `` two romes have fallen . 
  the third stands . 
  and there will be no fourth . 
  no one shall replace your christian tsardom ! '', 
  and that is why the russians are so good at pizza , red wines and gladiators . 
  that 's why we all love romanians . 
  one of the last countries which still fear us . 
  bad news ... 
  there was no such thing as an austro-hungarian citizenship , maybe with the exception of the habsburgs . 
  there were only austrian and hungarian citizens . 
  why not ? 
  the last orban government liked the idea , so they put it there in 2000 , as they thought that is a more suitable place like a museum , as the crown symbolizes the state and the national unity of hungary . 
  ofc it 's not a republican move , but not necessarily a royalist one , only a traditionalist . 
  i do n't like it personally , but i can live with that , because it 's important for many hungarians . 
  according to the cca . 
  500 years old tradition , st stephen held up the crown during the coronation ( in the year 1000 ) to offer it to virgin mary to seal a divine contract between her and the crown . 
  after this , mary was depicted not only as patrona ( patron saint ) for the kingdom of hungary but also as regina ( i.e. 
  `` queen '' ) . 
  this contract was supposed to empower the crown with divine force to help the future kings of hungary and did help reinforce the political system based on the so-called `` doctrine of the holy crown '' , according to which the crown itself has a personhood and as a legal entity is identical to the state of hungary , so the crown belongs to the nation and not to the king , who only got his power from the nation , through the crown . 
  it happened in 2012 , but it 's a timeless footage . 
  indeed . 
  there are multiple good places in every ex-socialist country , but if you are after some iron curtain feeling , then i am afraid you 're a bit late . 
  for cities there are prague and budapest , for beaches croatia , romania and bulgaria , for hiking slovenia or slovakia ( i always confuse them , i mean that one which had franz joseph as a sovereign ) or southern poland , transylvania or the baltics . 
  it depends what do you want to do on your vacation , because it 's an enormous territory . 
  no. 4 in hungary : suleiman i. muhtesem y\u00fczyil conquered hungary . 
  ( edit : 1st : namedays , 2nd : deaths in 2013 , 3rd : hungary . ), 
  could be true . 
  voi became vaj ( vai ) in hungarian , veri became v\u00e9r ( vaer ) , kusi maybe pisi , but that 's officially `` vizelet '' , an artifical 19th century word from viz ( water ) . 
  it 's the same with sami , there is another sami video on youtube , in a part of that a woman speaks about her childhood and that is even better . 
  i guess the older words ( for family and home ) are more similar . 
  i do n't wan na know what would have happen with them if they spoke finnish . 
  report them . 
  i am not joking , really . 
  this is what you can ( and need to ) do . 
  edit : you should call the local antsz office on phone , and report where you saw them . 
  [ 11th district ] ( https://youtu.be/ky340t_di8w ) . 
  there are not enough drinking place for them in the buda hills , and they search water in the city . 
  i posted the powerpoint , because it is the best briefing of the whole process . 
  here is an article at the [ international pest control magazine ] ( http://international-pest-control.com/40-years-of-rat-control-in-budapest-the-importance-of-sewer-treatments-for-effective-rat-control-in-urban-areas/ ) 's page . 
  ipcm is the official publication for cepa ( confederation of european pest control associations ) and faopma ( federation of asian & oceania pest managers associations ) . 
  we had our up and downs in the last 1100 years , so i do n't know what did you expect . 
  just look at the start ; we conquered the pannonian basin because the pechenegs attacked us . 
  in the last millenium we saw invaders rose and fell and all of them thought that they would stay here forever . 
  but two things became clear : * if a hungarian has some fruits , then distillation is inevitable , * never stand between a hungarian and his distilled beverage . 
  the invention of palinka . 
  these are actual official eu plans and many bothans died to bring us this information from brussels . 
  are there romulans on the balkan ? 
  it 's economics 101 . 
  in hungary , in the socialism pornography was forbidden , so when around 1988/89 the communist lost the control over the culture and the press , there were plenty of porn everywhere . 
  there was a big demand for porn , and this demand made a strong domestic porn market .
