  strip searching . 
  nothing major . 
  the schools used to be better , but that 's a question of curriculum , not funding . 
  are you sure she invented it ? 
  there are ladies in their 80 's named ronja . 
  it was all the same language back then . 
  york , if names count . 
  obviously i ca n't tell if i ever missed anyone , but i have recognized other swedes while abroad . 
  no , but we might one day , if we buy property . 
  then it becomes a question of inheritance . 
  we 'd not want the kid/kids to inherite part of the house before both of us are gone , and only marriage can fix that . 
  very . 
  not having access to a summer house is more or less seen as a sign of poverty . 
  voting is done with paper ballots , counted manually . 
  i personally do n't know anyone who 'd consider buying a new car . 
  not sure about all countries , but the undergrad + med school system is american . 
  in europe you usually apply to study medicine directly . 
  psychology and psychiatry are also completely different paths . 
  i love this . 
  25 vacation days minimum + 11 public holidays , although some of the holidays are usually lost , like this year when christmas is on the weekend anyway . 
  maybe in lapland ... 
  mythology ( norse ) . 
  the thor movies are not a thing here , they 're basically unwatchable, 
  swedes say prosit . 
  no , but i do feel scandinavian and nordic . 
  people speak at the dinner afterwards , never in church . 
  the movies you refer to are probably not swedish . 
  no , because people definitely need to take them off . 
  i 'm swedish , approaching 40 , no idea what it smells like . 
  no , students just use the regular ones . 
  a canadian teacher 's license is probably not valid in many european countries , if any . 
  start by looking into that . 
  a marriage does n't grant anyone citizenship . 
  the so of a swede can get a visa , but only after proving the relationship is real . 
  marriage is afaik not even a factor . 
  sweden : telia has already dropped it for some neighbouring countries . 
  i like it . 
  it 's a big part of what makes each season special . 
  i mean , what 's the point of christmas lights if you live in , say , california ? 
  here it makes sense . 
  as for the summer , i love how poetry and traditions are inspired by the light . 
  amsterdam is not too far away and have lots of flights back to the us . 
  i had danish and norwegian as part of svenska . 
  there is no use asking questions in the local language if you wo n't understand the answer anyway  always good to learn words such as hello , good bye , thank you , please , excuse me and sorry though . 
  also `` do you speak english '' or the like . 
  popular names differ between languages . 
  values . 
  the countries are way too different . 
  the nordic countries could maybe ( re - ) unite , but we have very little in common with portugal , greece etc. 
  not counting airports or countries i slept through : 19, 
  outdoor markets are for fruits and veggies , sometimes stuff like honey and jam from a local producer . 
  there are big supermarkets in the outskirts of town , and while it 's possible to go there by bike or bus , few people do , as the very idea of them is to buy bulk . 
  i only ever go if i 'm nearby anyway or if i for some reason ( like if i 'm throwing a party ) need to buy so much food that i ca n't carry it all and therefore need to take the car . 
  normally , buying bulk does n't save me any money , so i just shop at the nearest kind-of-big store , 10 minutes from home . 
  i go every or every second day , so i seldom need to buy much at once . 
  the slur of choice was `` jugge '' . 
  few knew or cared about the difference between the ethnic groups of former yugoslavia . 
  ( i only know a few people over the age of 25 who can name all balcan states + capitals . ), 
  the refugees were , as always , met with a certain amount of scepticism and mistrust . 
  but today , 20 years later , most yugoslavians have integrated well . 
  just some food for thought . 
  if i remember to bring them . 
  most people do n't . 
  the bombs , yes , and i guess i know something happened at pearl harbour but i 'm unsure re the details . 
  iirc more time was devoted to ww1 . 
  never heard of it . 
  maybe it was mentioned in passing and i forgot ? 
  before trial , inmates might not be allowed to access news or to talk to other people ( friends , family , fellow prisoners ) . 
  some have compared this to torture . 
  but there is food , a clean cell , books , possibility to buy snacks etc. 
  since most people are non-religious , not many grew up just accepting religion as part of life . 
  even if your family are believers , odds are that friends , neighbours and teachers are not . 
  there is no need for me as an atheist to make people evaluate their believes , because they probably already have . 
  and besides , it 's too personal anyway . 
  like asking someone if they * really * love or ought to love their spouse . 
  it 's conversations you can have with a close friend during some circumstances , nothing mature people bring up lightly . 
  atheism is default here and seldom discussed ( like we seldom discuss how we do n't believe in dragons ) . 
  religious believes are , as you say , personal , and should be treated as such . 
  the image does n't sound like a biggie , but if paired with other displays of religiousness , it might come off as too much . 
  think of it like sex , another personal matter . 
  an image of a non-naked butt is ok , but if you always talk about anal it becomes sort of offensive . 
  something like that . 
  sex would be more natural , violence less . 
  it was a thing at my uni , not sure about the real world . 
  just ask !, 
  it 's different everywhere so the person you ask will understand you have broad experience , 
  customers bag their own groceries and waiter is a night-time job , so not for kids . 
  a summer job at some ice cream place is a possibility . 
  there are few jobs available for teenagers . 
  employers would almost always want an adult . 
  are they hot ? 
  an american viewpoint  . 
  muslims have it far worse here than blacks or jews . 
  however , harassing anyone can lead to consequences , as it should . 
  targeting a minority ( or your spouse , or a child ) only makes it worse . 
  well , in my country you can freely express you hate the french , but if you express a desire to kill them all or if you make their lives difficult , it 's another issue . 
  surely you have restrictions as well . 
  can you joke about bombs in an airport ? 
  sweden : you 'd get by fine as a tourist but would probably feel left out in social situations as people would get bored and switch to swedish . 
  depends .
