  i even tried the two ways of naming the czech republic but nothing . 
  edit : yeah east :p, 
  i did it with french autocomplete with the same question `` pourquoi [ nom du pays ] '' . 
  [ here are the results . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/evepdrg ) what 's fun and/or sad is that some countries are not even on the radar of french people . 
  french people are either interested in knowing why a country has a better/worse economy , why they should visit or if a country have the euro or not and why . 
  i 'd doubt that because you breath in the shit cars produce and in a lot more quantity than the average car users because you are exercising . 
  paris public transportation is a lot more developed than athens . 
  if there is one city where it should n't be a problem it 's definitely paris . 
  every time you come across some food that should n't exist just remember that someone was once very hungry . 
  i think it will happen eventually but this is not what i am saying anyway . 
  your remark is very true nonetheless and i wonder how it 's going to turn out when it happens . 
  i wrote part of this comment in a thread showing how medals are shown on the media depending on the countries . 
  my gripe was that all of the eu medal count were done by aggregating the medals of each individual country and that it was a idiotic and inaccurate way of doing it . 
  what am i suggesting is just to create this eu team on paper . 
  it would be purely an hypothetical team used to show how strong would the eu be relatively to the 3 others big countries ( usa , russia , and china ) . 
  you 'd be cheering for eu people . 
  and anyway this is something that can be done easily and would be quite inexpensive . 
  i guess that being first ( i think that is likely ) would fill the eu hero void and create some eu pride . 
  easy with the olympics . 
  let 's just have , at least conceptually , an eu team . 
  the methodology should be something like this . 
  finding out which athletes would be in the eu team among the delegations sent by eu countries . 
  and then only count medals of those athletes . 
  this would be quite hard for team sports but would be more accurate overall . 
  for instance for the 100 meters dash , if you assume each participating country can send up to 3 athletes ( provided they pass the minimas ) . 
  then the 3 best of any eu countries would be in the eu team . 
  you could even add a little eu flag for them . 
  i 'm pretty sure it would help us have an european culture . 
  with the added benefit of always being first place in standing !, 
  [ eu gdp is above us gdp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29 ) . 
  not that it matters much but at least give good figures . 
  someone pull the game of throne passage where tyrion and the little shit of a king are talking and he says something along the line `` i am the king '' . 
  i hope one day someone will do these standing with the eu . 
  but not those useless shit where they aggregate all medals from countries of the eu . 
  the methodology should be something like this . 
  finding out which athletes would be in the eu team among the delegations sent by eu countries . 
  and then only count medals of those athletes . 
  this would be quite hard for team sports but would be more accurate overall . 
  for instance for the 100 meters dash , if you assume each participating country can send up to 3 athletes ( provided they pass the minimas ) . 
  then the 3 best of any eu countries would be in the eu team . 
  you could even add a little eu flag for them . 
  i 'm pretty sure it would help us have an european culture . 
  with the added benefit of always being first place in standing !, 
  this is precisely how being 4th must feels like !, 
   sometimes i just want to hide in a bunker with a supply of tea . 
  so british !, 
  it kind of makes you wonder how much more is getting wasted ... 
  but i guess that 's unavoidable . 
  research project being abandoned happen quite often . 
  seeing as every time he tries to pass an unpopular law he backs down because of demonstration it 's not looking good ... 
  not really a new lesson , we knew that already with what happened in syria . 
  itt people saying gmo are perfectly safe . 
  while short term there is no problem long term is a mystery . 
  that 's the problem we do n't know the long term effects they have . 
  we go by the precaution principle . 
  he asked you what you needed and you were responsible and you only took what you needed . 
  the system expect that sort of behaviour . 
  most people would do the same . 
  i did n't say it 's french art . 
  what i said is that monna lisa and the louvre are so inextricably linked that when i think about the painting i 'm thinking louvre instantly and not italy . 
  the problem with this one is that when you think about it you do n't think `` italy '' but `` france , paris , louvre , leonard de vinci '' . 
  i 'm quite curious to see unbiased opinions ( aka not italian/french opinions ) about this . 
  so what do you think about when you see la joconde ? 
  to be honest at this point i do n't really need to do anything seeing as you look like a fool with your constant ad hominem . 
   in the ashes of a war against fascism godwin 's law applied to one of my post !, 
  this is an internet high time . 
  i 'm not a specialist and this far above my competence but [ i can also link studies that show why we strive to be part of a group ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1751-9004.2008.00099.x/abstract;jsessionid=d5de5b693f8b64919094d83374919a89.d03t01 ) . 
   that means we look at competing cultures and define ourselves by recognising what we dislike about a culture . 
  i think we would rather have the state supersede any kind of religion than having an arbitration act 1996 that would introduce the possibility of having religious tribunals ( iirc ) . 
   position itself as a social order to which all must swear fealty or fuck off . 
  is n't it like how it works everywhere ? 
  well i would n't put it that way . 
  i 'd say that your notion of liberty is just less restrictive because your law does n't have the secularism part . 
  and even then it could be argued that it increases your freedom because you are free from what your religion impose on you . 
  anyway i 'm pretty sure we share the same definition of liberty `` free to do whatever you want up to the point where it conflicts with the law '' . 
  iirc the order of the word `` libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 '' comes from the order of appearance of those ideas . 
  if we want to understand each other ; just let us cut your queen 's head . 
  it 's small price to pay . 
  and as a bonus for us , she will not become the longest reigning monarch of europe ( ahead of louis xiv ) !, 
  i 'll forget the aggressive and insulting parts of your post . 
  you may be spot on about the fact that irreligious people feel offended . 
  perhaps in the very same way that two people from other religions would be . 
  this is probably due to the fact that our secularism ideals are a lot like a state religion . 
  in the very same way it is glorified and we have little choice about it because we are raised and born in it . 
  the very proof of that is the fact that when i see , in a public institution setting , people with religious signs , the message i 'm receiving from them is this one `` i place my relationship with god above the values of the french republic '' ( because they do not respect the secularism ) . 
  this might be very similar to two people from different religions meeting and thinking `` how dare he put his one true god above my one true god '' . 
  on your point about `` us versus them '' i think you do a very poor job arguing against it . 
  i 'll go straight to the second half of this paragraph and forget about the politically correct `` propaganda '' bullshit . 
  as human beings we strive to be part of the group . 
  values are among the most important aspects that define us . 
  it happens that when those values clash the `` us versus them '' exist and is important . 
  and that 's probably where it stops ; it has no reason to go any further . 
  this is not a matter of being right or wrong ; this is a matter of consistency . 
  if their policy is judged discriminatory it will be inconsistent . 
  did n't say they were n't justified , just that being offended by something is n't a reasonable argument . 
  the second point is about the common interest of the nation as a whole . 
  basically it 's better if we feel we share the same values . 
   if someone told me to take off a signet ring or a crucifix around my neck ( i wear neither ) i 'd be offended . 
  ` it 's now very common to hear people say , `` i 'm rather offended by that '' , as if that gives them certain rights .
