  it 's no more than a whine . 
  it has no meaning , it has no purpose , it has no reason to be respected as a phrase . 
  `` i 'm offended by that . '', 
  well , so fucking what ? ', 
  -- stephen fry to keep it simple stupid , we view religion as something personal that should be kept in the private sphere . 
  now it would be hard to argue against the fact that showing off religious signs create a `` you are ( not ) one of us '' feeling that goes against the ideal of fraternity . 
  whether it 's an infringement of worker 's rights will be seen as soon as people will sue this compagny . 
  though it would be very inconsistent to find them guilty of anything while our public institution share the same rules . 
  the eu already looks weak . 
  the question is whether it will look weaker than our government ... 
  at this point we are being dumb not to go out on the street to protest against paying taxes . 
  every time this government try to do something and people go out to protest they back down . 
  literally 0 balls ... 
  it 's respectful when you go to defend and when you are called by an allied nation . 
  it 's not when you go on false pretences and you go as an aggressor . 
  that 's what it boils down to . 
  this has nothing to do with being from the eu or the us . 
  i do n't recall ever seeing people saying that when the us came during both world war it was n't something to praise them for . 
  that 's step 0 for us . 
  maybe there is hope for my german then ... 
  as if the only variables are hours worked and productivity ... 
  it seems the trend is that france is looking at germany the way the uk is looking at us . 
  because a hero in the very literal sense kind of ascend to `` divine '' status . 
  in our collective memory , only his acts remain . 
  problem with napoleon is that first he is controversial even in france , and second he lost in the end . 
  among those he cited jean moulin fit the hero bill better because he died a martyr . 
  which means he never went back to being only a man . 
  anyway as martelfirst said it 's hard to choose one amongst many , that 's why the pantheon is so full . 
  typical british smear campaign !, 
  on the `` copper '' ones we have marianne , which you could say is ego stroking but is also our symbol for freedom and reason . 
  on the `` yellow '' coins we have a sower . 
  hardly something ego stroking . 
  on the euro coins we have a tree and our national motto . 
  the tree has never been one of our symbols . 
  in the ego stroking department we are definitely not the first on those coins . 
  yet the uk is an official member of it so it kinda prove his point . 
  did you know he is also terrible at [ tieing his tie ] ( http://www.francois-tacravate.fr/ ) ? 
  what i 'm saying is that i 'd rather be in a country who is closer to the top than not . 
  on your other point `` solidaire '' is the french word , i do n't think there is an english equivalent ( at least that i know of ) . 
  why would n't you want to be best at it ? 
  all the top countries are probably countries in which solidarity is a very important value . 
  [ google trad to the rescue ] ( https://translate.google.fr/?hl=fr&amp;tab=wt#fr/en/dieudonn%c3%a9 ), 
  no no no , to the guillotine she goes !, 
  like a true monarch . 
  look up the case of julian assange the founder of wikileaks . 
   since november 2010 , assange has been subject to a european arrest warrant in response to a swedish police request for questioning in relation to a sexual assault investigation . 
  in june 2012 , following final dismissal by the supreme court of the united kingdom of his appeal against enforcement of the european arrest warrant , assange has failed to surrender to his bail , and has been treated by the uk authorities as having absconded . 
  since 19 june 2012 , he has been inside the ecuadorian embassy in london , where he has since been granted diplomatic asylum . 
  [ 13 ] [ 14 ] the british government intends to extradite assange to sweden under that arrest warrant once he leaves the embassy , which assange says may result in his subsequent extradition to the united states to face charges over the diplomatic cables case . 
  from his wikipedia page, 
  according to the [ article ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/9-11-families-39-ecstatic-39-finally-sue-222121660--abc-news-topstories.html ) he was making a reference to yes they took part in the funding . 
  the difference in this case is that saudi arabia has assets in the us . 
  the us will just seize whatever the hell they want and saudi arabia wont be able to do anything about this because it 's on us soil . 
  so it 's not going against what i said , as long as you dont set foot in the us ( or have no assets in the us ) you are safe . 
  say thanks to wikipedia footnotes  . 
  i dont understand what you are saying . 
  yeah i was kinda waiting for this reply . 
  indeed there are extradition laws in a certain number of countries but it 's the country 's judicial system that has jurisdiction not the us . 
  in europe , you might de facto be fucked unless you are in france , germany or czech republic where there is no extraditions . 
  they cant do shit they have no jurisdiction and no way to force any decision to be applied , unless of course you somehow go to the us . 
  ding ding ding we have a winner . 
  but the ranking would still be eu number one . 
  you would just have to take the best place of any eu countries and adjust rankings accordingly . 
  we dont joke about any other nation on the same level as the belgians . 
  i cant even think of a joke targeted at only one nation other than belgians . 
  seriously what the fuck . 
  this women probably couldnt take her medication while pregnant , she is there for 2 weeks , she isnt a british citizen and they are allowed to take away her baby . 
  then they 'd rather give the baby away to strangers instead of giving it back to the mother when she is okay . 
  i mean you wonder how people can withstand shit like that without going mad and doing something rash ... 
  never learned them got 54 % , thx american movies i guess . 
  the mali 's government asked for france help totally not like iraq ... 
  the trend is still better than it was before he is n't wrong in saying that . 
  though the situation is worse . 
  if you are in a car getting closer and closer to a wall , if it 's stop accelerating the trend is that you have more time to live and maybe enough time to stop . 
  though indeed the situation is worse , you are still closer to the wall as you were a few moments ago . 
  he was talking about the trend ( speed ) and you about the situation ( position ) . 
  who are you to speak on behalf of the french people ... 
  in the same way this guy 's words are only his own yours are yours alone . 
  the only one having to apologize is him . 
  most of the sensitive jobs are already restricted to nationals only anyway . 
  i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you are not trolling . 
  here is some context to understand . 
  let 's say you are invited to a party , this is a big party , and you want to leave . 
  the polite thing is to try to get a hold of the host and inform him that you are leaving ( and that is was a great party ) . 
  when you dont here is what happen : `` where is nyyrmi ? 
  i havent seen him in a while . '', 
  you left without being invited to leave . 
  bonus point if once you are at home you give a call to inform of your safe arrival !, 
  this expression also work in a workplace situation where you leave early without telling your boss . 
  is that clearer ? 
  it means leaving without being invited to leave . 
  i really like this one `` filer a l'anglaise '' . 
  literally : to take the english leave meaning : to take the french leave, 
  yeah this is basically what is being told to get us to choose german . 
  the source is 15 years old yet there is no reason why it would have changed . 
  the status quo remained . 
  not gon na go into the semantics of lobby . 
  if you misunderstood the first time that 's fine , but if you still misunderstand after i explained what i meant by lobby i cant believe you are arguing in good faith . 
  edit : not really another source but this [ link ] ( http://www.ac-paris.fr/portail/jcms/p1_333029/cartographie-langues-paris-2010 ) shows that in the paris academy , in 2010 , italian is treated as a `` langue rare '' . 
  it means pupils realize that even though there is advertising about learning german , spanish is way easier to learn and thus it 's way easier to get good marks .
