lille/rijssel has a really neat centre with a beautiful poissoinnerie and beautiful old and fascinating new architecture . 
  the alsace for riesling , pinot blanc , kugelhopf , tarte flamb\u00e9e and munster cheese . 
  and the pittoresque houses and beautiful balloons ( hills ) . 
  the perigord noir for ancient rock cliff dwellings , sweet villages and an early spring . 
  angoul\u00eame if you are into bande dessin\u00e9e ( comics and graphic novels ) bretagne for seafood , cr\u00eapes and calvados , the citadel and the pirate towns . 
  i like my holidays gastronomique i guess . 
  beneath a wooden windmill as if we do n't have modern windmills . 
  ( netherlands , still have to fix my flair ), 
  for the few dreary months between november and march . 
  then the tourists will crowd your village again and look into your windows . 
  do n't forget our bog offers . 
  when wel done , indeed . 
  but they are zo different . 
  in the netherlands we serve a fried ball of dough without a hole around the new year : oliebollen . 
  however , every bakery serves donuts these days . 
  or the dutch railways . 
  edit : autocorrect gone wrong, 
  i do read these every week , it is a good digest next to the regular media . 
  so much more to explore !, 
  more for everyone !, 
  it can probably talk by then !, 
  then bring back rabarbersaft und holunderbl\u00fcte !, 
  in dutch it is taart . 
  well , that 's it exactly : i 'm not a native english speaker . 
  so tells me the proper translation in english is g\u00e2teau . 
  which is french . 
  / d ( e ) utch, 
  i 'm not saying they are bad : to the contrary thet even accentuate the enormous spaces and areas that germany has . 
  as a human i love you !, 
  i just do not feel welcome by people who project their misfortune on my appearance . 
  * the realm most of our ( now ) childrens ' fairy tales come from ( although red riding hood was to instruct girls reaching puberty about the dangers of having sex ) * the best rostbratwurst mit senf * really scary neo-nazi 's in th\u00fcringen * host to a lot of different landscapes * strawberries on the side of the road , freshly shot wild boar at the neighbour * in a traffic jam , the most left lane and that one next to it have to split to the sides for the emergency trucks * windmills , windmills everywhere * they built roofs to be able to put up solar cells , afterwards they decide what to put underneath it * clean toilets at the side of the road * punktlichkeit , grundlichkeit und sauberheit . 
  maybe hook up on http://www.reddit.com/r/snackexchange/, 
  tatort !, 
  black forest pie . 
  the irony is that roma and sinti are the original aryans as in descending from tribes originating north of india . 
  remember that national geographic picture of that afghan girl with the bluegreen eyes ? 
  those blonde and blue eyes traits are inherent in some bloodlines of the travelling people although most have olive skin and brown hair . 
  these real aryans were of course not a good example to the race theories of hitler and mussolini so they had to be exterminated too . 
  relatively there were even fewer survivors after wwii than jews . 
  my point is that those fair traits are more common than you think . 
  this is just a continuance of the prejudices and even harassment and petsecution that the sinti and roma have undergone through the ages . 
  just accept that they just do some things other than us and especially our red tape that got them persecuted no less than a century ago . 
  most important though : do you even realize how traumatic it is for a child to be taken away from their family ? 
  in these cases one should be as accurate and cautious as with gadjo children . 
  but the horses - sturdy viking horses - have extrain gaits . 
  the t\u00f6lt is even shown off in contests as the rider carries a glass of beer in one hand whilst t\u00f6lting without spilling any . 
  there is also a good train connection between those three cities . 
  in four hours the thalys gets you from amsterdam to paris . 
  this year i went to paris for only one day and that was fun already . 
  or be welcome to spend three days in amsterdam . 
  beware of the trams , the strong marijuana/mushrooms and do not end up drunk in the canal please . 
  unfortunately those prove to be lethal for tourists every year . 
  yes . 
  we call this `` polderen '' . 
  denmark has some amazingly good confiture for sale in any supermarket for ( relatively ) cheap prices : am now enjoying a solb\u00e6r , it is great !, 
  fat does n't necessarily make you fat , non-used sugars are stored in the body as fat . 
  however , a good honey is the best : got me some wild honey from greece : even the colour is a feast to look at !, 
  homemade peanut butter is the best , no sugar added , maybe a little salt anda little bit of the chunks left . 
  omnomnom , better than the sweet calv\u00e9, 
  in the way that you put peanut butter on your bread and then sprnkle the hagelslag over it , we do . 
  not as a product line . 
  fun fact : we call it in dutch peanut cheese because in the early days a bar of tightly pressed peanut butter was cut in slices like we do with our dutch cheese . 
  the reason we collectively love it so much might be because indonesian ( and therefore surinamese ) kitchen relies on sateh sauce : a peanut sauce - so a remnant of our colonial past . 
  i know both schools . 
  one is catholic/religious so that means a lot of parents are not interested because they do n't want religious schooling . 
  the other school is really quite good . 
  they used to be weak but with a new director they got the most out of every pupil . 
  though located in a mainly white and rich neighborhood only migrant children attended and the white parents chose litterally to be amongst ` their people ' at other , weaker schools with a waiting list . 
  we were considering this school too and at that time the director welcomed us personally and was honest about the fact that white parents were interested based on rational reasons but in the end never registered . 
  the only two reasons we did n't pick this school is because there are two dangerous crossings on our commute and it was not in our direct neighborhood . 
  that school deserves the mix that amsterdam is : migrant and rich and white and poor . 
  amsterdam here with 640 euro for a 45m2 apartment , two bedrooms . 
  square meters are precious . 
  but , where 's the kitchen then ? 
  nor the netherlands : we have sunderklaas . 
  ( only in dutch and full link because mobile https://nl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ouwe_sunderklaas ), 
  gold is also used in electronic devices ( your ( smart ) phone ) , medical instruments etc. 
  quite useful but indeed not worth the damage in this / most cases . 
  oh , and he is very bland compared to timmermans . 
  very . 
  but spine , boldness or vision he has not . 
  his body language is appalling : still the frightened kid at school that wants to be liked . 
  skyscanner also suggested fkying with ukrainian air via the ukraine . 
  so i 'll wait a while before going to georgia, 
  with a kid and using a car that 's getting older every second via the google suggested route via the crimea which would take six days , yeah , easy !, 
   serious , it is now on the list for someday so thank you for sharing !, 
  thordamnit . 
  show her . 
  this needs to be opposed by locals too . 
  today it was raining , this weekend i found the perfect mushroom when it was still warm and agreeable outside . 
  yup . 
  well , they are not specifically sober either . 
  you can , once you are registered . 
  thanks , that was what i was curious about . 
  does n't belgium have a law where the children are obliged to attend school when they turn six ? 
  can you cycle there ? 
  i think bitterballen go with some lasko . 
  small country that has everything . 
  wine culture , beer culture , mountains and sea . 
  part of the eu and the euro .
