  most parts are cyclable , the language would be hard to learn maybe . 
  hvala . 
  that is at the monument in the middle of the afsluitdijk , not a quiet spot ... 
  i loved the haitabu and emil nolde museum , along with the coastline . 
  oh , and that immensely high bridge near rensburg to pass the nord-ostsee kanal . 
  thuringia really is a nice holiday destination , with tree crown paths , dinosaur walks , the long distance hiking paths ( rennsteig , luther ) and not many other tourists . 
  yup , on the record manual labour includes social costs so the wages are higher . 
  i am sure the 2 euro berries include slave or semi-slave labour . 
  we have joppie sauce in the netherlands . 
  it is awesome . 
  sweet , sour , a bit of bitterness and is soooo delicious with fries or as a chips flavor . 
  and satay sauce : peanut sauce with garlic and a bit of spices . 
  this year , they are everywhere in the city . 
  probably because they are one of the popular health foods like quinoa , avocado 's and those birdseeds . 
  you guessed right , i live in hipster central , amsterdam zuid . 
  sometimes they are cheap , like $ 2 , - for 100 gram . 
  most often they are more expensive like $ 8 , - for half a pound . 
  does n't really matter apparently if eco or fair grown . 
  i do not see them in supermarkets outside of the city very often . 
  maybe because they perish fairly quickly . 
  edit : as in finland , also available frozen during the year, 
  how do you have an economy with those hours ? 
  late to the party , but i did my best . 
  being dutch , i cycle . 
  apologies for the trembling , it does show the luxury of pristine , smooth asphalt . 
  ( there it trembles less ) https://youtu.be/vacjvql7hko, 
  wadden island rottumerplaat is the most remote place of the netherlands . 
  not inhabited and not accessible , except for some temporary research biologists who count birds . 
  the questions posed in a language i do n't speak . 
  and i do my best , talking dutch , english , french and german , plus understanding a little italian , spanish and portuguese even . 
  some tourists do not even try . 
  it baffles me : i would not even think to speak dutch when in slovenia or finland . 
  babyshowers, 
  thanks , marked for the trip we are going to make !, 
  see edit the netherlands . 
  even when you fall ill during your holiday , you can call in sick . 
  i do not know of many people who did that except for serious cases like breaking a leg or even a brain tumor . 
  edit : completely misunderstood . 
  glad to see this is normal in the eu . 
  it is so sad for workers who do not have that . 
  ful hvala !, 
  i will . 
  can you point me to a good online source ? 
  plan on visiting in august . 
  enjoy !, 
  oh , and i tried to learn a bit of danish but also did n't use it there and it is a strange feeling of lacking something indeed . 
  true , and do feel welcome but now is the time to download that duolingo app so you can say dankjewel , 
  ah , well , then you cancel out all those dutch people that do not bother learning the language they often visit ( spain , aruba ) . 
  haha , that is true : dutchies can be found anywhere . 
  because we were a trades people , we have always known to speak other languages, 
  dat is fantastisch !, 
  that is the one thing that makes me feel old : please , if you serve me , speak dutch . 
  i am not a tourist or immigrant . 
  we have some nature parks . 
  de hoge veluwe is nice : old woods , sandy wastelands and one of our most beautiful museums kr\u00f6ller-muller smack dab in the middle of it . 
  and free bikes to travel through it all . 
  de weerribben is nice if you like canoeing and the wadden islands have their own charm . 
  try it out again !, 
  once or twice a year i go camp for a day or two in the netherlands : we are so small but even then we have beautiful spots, 
  so crowded with tourists here that everyone is used to speaking english . 
  nobody in the world speaks dutch after all , so we learn our languages at school : usually english and german , sometimes french , spanish , portuguese , russian or chinese too . 
  what i dislike are the tourists that do not speak english and do not even try to make an effort . 
  i speak french , german and can understand spanish and a little bit of portuguese and italian . 
  even then , some italians or spanish tourist do not even try to get the gist of the directions to the rijks museum in french or some latin stuff i try to make up . 
  really , prepare yourself with at least a little english . 
  yes , every year we went to france . 
  helped in learning and pronouncing the language and body language did the rest . 
  we traveled around a lot so did not make much friends but i still have the urge to travel like that . 
  plus , i prefer camping over staying in hotels . 
  waking up because a hedgehog is going through your stuff , the milky way and owls in the night , the fragrances after a morning rain : i need that . 
  i find the vast plateaus of nord pas de calais equally boring . 
  that is , until you leave the highway . 
  in kansas , i had a blast at konzai prairie station and rock castle and a sincere wtf at prairie dog village . 
  same in north of france : leave the highway ( or thalys ) and you will find fantastic villages , cities ( lille ) and nature . 
  several times . 
  for bike thiefs in action , a presumed fire , acute appendicitis , rowdy youths and other things . 
  last time was a few hours ago when we witnessed a scooter driver with a passenger on the highway . 
  highly forbidden ( the netherlands ) and dangerous . 
  no helmets on . 
  even in the netherlands we have ijsheiligen/ice martyrs ; days up to the 17th of may until then we can have frost during the night . 
  the centre you mean . 
  when i go there , i indeed feel like a prop or actor in someone else 's open air museum . 
  outside of the centre , it still feels like my town . 
  however , i do n't get either why not visit haarlem , utrecht or delft . 
  rough translation : `` all the birds are making nests , shall you and me make one too ? `` it is the start of a love poem . 
  and i like it so much too because it shows the close roots to english and german as we know it now . 
  bathroom . 
  so we replaced the previous one with a second hand for the warranty would not be valid anyway , being in a wet room . 
  still works though . 
  indeed , right ? 
  both an ode to the joy of film . 
  new kids turbo, 
  the nice thing is that this is a plain old school ice salon , in the middle of our hipster central area . 
  so it is also an enjoyable oasis in that point of view . 
  not necessarily , but the best have been teached by italians, 
  we have a new italian ice salon in our neighborhood and it is the best !, 
  so good to have an ice cream to enjoy the sunshine . 
  lol . 
  yeah , only if you have some privacy dedicated colleagues, 
  personally a mix of whatsapp , google hangouts and signal,
