he was a marshal under napoleon and was selected as sweden lacked a suitable heir for the throne . 
  seeing as basically all of them come from other european countries ... 
  [ cornelis vreeswijk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cornelis_vreeswijk ) , a [ singer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwhxsqol_v0 ) who was born in the netherlands . 
  [ jean-baptiste bernadotte ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_xiv_john_of_sweden ) , was born in france and later became the king of sweden . 
  he was the founder of the current royal dynasty in sweden . 
  hurrah , thank you . 
  how does one get a flair ? 
  yea , except those . 
  what i mean is that you can move around in roseng\u00e5rd and feel pretty damn safe , it is neither compton nor mogadishu . 
  that is not to say there are not any issues , ofc . 
  edit : claim that malm\u00f6 is not mogadishu , get down voted . 
  what a beautiful life . . 
  to be honest , to say that sweden has a `` ghetto problem '' is somewhat incorrect . 
  from personal experience , areas such as roseng\u00e5rd are not some lawless , urban , extremely unsafe and violent wasteland as many people who have not been there seem to believe . 
  sure . 
  `` the stick '' might not be very effective , its still pretty huge though . 
  of course , economic influence is what is relevant . 
  they do have a fairly massive army though . 
  i did n't intend to make any serious comment or accusation or anything , i just found it slightly amusing . 
  you misanthropic piece of shit . 
  it 's far from `` everyone '' though . 
  even with the more popular anti-immigration parties they are at best a sizable minority in most western european countries , to my knowledge . 
  you say that as if you are certain about it . 
  within what time frame will islamist political parties gain 40 % of the popular vote across europe ? 
  s is quite a bit bigger in most polls . 
  m was bigger in the latest one i saw . 
  in terms of seats in parliament both s and m are bigger . 
  i just found it a bit amusing that someone with an estonian flag would be advocating `` big stick '' policies , considering the 20th century history of estonia . 
  would the money spend on the refugees in europe not provide a higher `` humanitarian value '' in those over crowded camps ? 
  common sense is for commoners . 
  is the fundamental issue here not that countries such as the uk have a fundamentally different vision on what immigration policies are sensible than for example sweden and germany , and that they have no illusion of a federal policy being used to `` force '' them to accept policies which they do not wish for ? 
  whenever people around me talk about `` a federal policy '' they always do it with an assumption that it would mirror the policies of sweden or be the policies which they wish for . 
  i do n't think many of them would accept a federal policy which drastically differed from either the current swedish policies or their ideal one . 
  `` we '' being estonia ? 
  that is my guess . 
  but hey , the benefit of the doubt and all that ? 
  please ? 
  do you have a reputable source for `` most of them '' claiming a false nationality ? 
  you take that back !, 
  you do know that malm\u00f6 is a pretty decent place , right ? 
  is humanity suffering from a lack of fertile uteruses ? 
  the right to asylum is not based upon some form of `` value in attempts at population growth '' , it is an universal right . 
  in the modern world the notion of men having lesser rights to protection , or their suffering being less relevant simply because they happen have a dick between their legs is simply sexist . 
  why combine adult women with children , as though they had some form of special right to safety or protection solely because of their sex ? 
  how cute , do you have anything other than bitterness and personal attacks ? 
  are you serious ? 
  you childishly wish for war and poverty on other people , and then try to portray yourself as some paragon of the man on the street . 
  piss off !, 
  take a look at real income changes across income levels . 
  take a look at child mortality rates . 
  take a look at malnutrition rates . 
  take a look at the prevalence of easily curable diseases . 
  take a look at almost any measurement of quality of life or poverty . 
  it 's not `` a vice article '' which says that the worlds poor is better of . 
  even if demographic changes and political decisions mean that you will have a less lavish pension than current pensioneers , its silly to blame them for being too many , living too long or for political decisions they do not hold a larger say over then you do . 
   fuck them . 
  i 'll never get to retire , why the fuck should i care if they do ? 
   your life experience of the world is n't everyone elses . 
   narcissism . 
   arrogant once more , it is you who wish violence and poverty on other people out of a sense of entitlement . 
  read my comment again . 
  mankind is now near universally better off than it has ever been . 
  it is true on a global scale and across all levels of income . 
  the worlds poor has seen the most significant changes , and hunger and easilly preventable disease is becoming less prevalent than ever before . 
  by what measurement is the world poorer now then it has been before ? 
   we should give them [ ... ] war [ ... ] debt , poverty  fuck old people . 
   narcissism . 
  take a look in the goddamn mirror . 
  [ whipes away tears . 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xvhu-ehok4s ), 
   fuck old people . 
  they fucked us first . 
  born into the most affluent era of mankind , with lower deaths from violence rates than any other era , falling rates of malnutrition , lower child mortality , rising real incomes globally across income levels . 
  bitches about the people who made it possible fucking him over . 
  what about france ? 
  people sooner or later become hungry and grow the fuck up . 
  common sense is for commoners . 
  im not arguing that it is not an important issue , but when 1/5 of the comments on a silly picture is `` immigrants , amirite ? '', 
  its hard to call it anything but shoehorning in immigration . 
  you should see the / r/sweden discussions . 
  aint nothing not connected to immigration . 
  [ drottningholmsmusiken ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k9rzix8btjy ) , it was written for the marriage of future king adolf frederik who later ate himself to death . 
  yes , if you are willing to pay for it in time and money , you can get some of the `` scary '' stuff . 
  but when it comes to the right to use them for self-defense i 've only heard about the czech being somewhat similar to the americans . 
  the types of firearms and the right to use them is severely restricted in many places , however . 
  talking to people is hard , ok ? 
  to be fair , if if they are going to do it i think italy is the country they would be the safest to do so with . 
  sorry , i did not mean to put words in your mouth . 
  i do not know how it works for the countries with first pass the post systems when they vote for their eump : s , i must admit . 
  the us voting system definately has questionable effects on its political climate . 
  but we can not look past the influence of regional favoritism , the apathy of the populance , aggressive lobbying , racial tensions and the distance between decision makers and the electorate . 
  i have a hard time seeing how similar issues would be avoided by a europe with 24 official languages and even more socially diverse nations . 
  regardless of the impact of the voting system the participation in eu parliment election was around 42 % of eligble voters , if i remember correctly . 
  i am sceptical of the prospect of giving more powers to a representative body which frankly mostly represents the electorates apathy towards it , in the hope that people will feel forced to take part in its process by the power it has over their lives . 
  it seems like a recipe for a dysfunctional institution and a political climate defined by cynicism , apathy , anger and conflict . 
  what makes you think that a european federation and its political scene would be much less dysfunctional than what we see in the united states ? 
  it is not black and white . 
  politicians consistently show themselves to be incapable of handling perverse incentives which they subject themselves to , and the electorate consistently fails to punish destructive populism . 
  it is not to hard to at least understand why the idea of technocrat control over for example monetary policy or pension system seems promising , much like we already accept non-elected courts or military leadership . 
  my point was entirely directed at the us two party system .
