  not just countries in nato . 
  consider japan , south korea , and taiwan . 
  the us is required by treaty obligations to bolster their defenses and go to war if they are attacked . 
  the us military is n't tasked just with protecting the us . 
  it 's responsibilities are global , and many , many countries whose military spending habits you would n't consider to be `` absurd '' can only spend as little as they do because of their relationship with the us . 
  this is an other thing that the us almost never gets credit for , but is hugely important . 
  we live in an incredibly prosperous era that got that way partly due to the fact that any nation with the means can trade openly with the rest of the world via shipping . 
  it used to be the case that nations needed large navies to protect their shipping lanes but since the us navy exists and keeps those shipping lanes open and free from piracy and military disputes , most nations can instead devote resources to other things , all while enjoying open , unfettered trade anyway . 
  the us navy has been almost singularly crucial in keeping bad actors in check and preventing maritime trade wars , which were common throughout history but are not common at all these days . 
  there 'd be a lot more wars and the world economy would be a lot worse and less prosperous if it were n't for the us . 
  either that or , gasp , countries like yours would have to spend more . 
   if you want to cut back , just do it . 
  the same people who are complaining about the us president simply criticizing the state of nato are the same people who would lose their minds if the us cut its military spending . 
  if the us cuts its military budget and coincidentally started reducing and withdrawing its assets from its allies ' countries , this would create a vacuum that those countries would either have to fill by increasing their spending , or would be filled by potential rivals who would capitalize on the absence of the us . 
   the entire fucking point of the agreement to spend 2 % by 2024 is that everyone already agreed - 3 years ago - that we need to spend more . 
  that 's why it exists in the first place and why trump even has that number to hold up and say `` look they do n't meet their obligations '' . 
  the 2 % of gdp defense funding obligation has been a thing for over 10 years , and long before then there has been a gigantic gap in defense spending between the us and its european allies . 
   personally i find it hilarious that he wants to vastly expand the military while bitching about a couple billion being spend here . 
  first off , the us spends way more than a couple billion to fund its military presence in europe . 
  secondly , since it 's an alliance , money that is spent on the us military benefits the alliance and contributes to the alliance 's capabilities as a whole , thereby benefiting the nations that do n't pay their fair share . 
   if you 're not going to reduce your own spending anyway , what 's the issue for you again ? 
  the us would n't need to increase its military spending if our allies contributed to the degree that they should . 
  if the us was n't leeched off of by its allies , the us could decrease its defense spending . 
  the huge gap in capabilities between the us and its allies keeps growing because challenges and threats change and the us adapts while our allies continue to provide meager token contributions . 
  i 've met a lot of europeans on the internet and in person who would bristle angrily at even the idea that the europe depends on the us for defense in any way . 
  the moment the promise of unending us support gets questioned though , europeans all of a sudden seem to have appreciation for the alliance and think it 's absurd that an american leader would criticize it . 
  this would be entertaining and quite funny to me if it did n't represent a very real , very illogical tendency that many europeans have to always see the us in the most unrealistically negative way , to never show the us gratitude , but at the same time expect the us to always be at europe 's service . 
  trump makes a lot of bold and reckless statements , but he 's not completely stupid for questioning how long nato can go on with one country doing most of the work , shouldering the biggest burden , while rarely being recognized for it . 
  yeah right , so when the us president questions the sustainability and fairness of the nato alliance , all of a sudden nato is important for europe 's defense and is n't just a vehicle the us uses dominate its allies and assert hegemony . 
  all of a sudden the europeans who never gave the us any credit for its disproportionate contributions think it 's preposterous and a selfish betrayal to criticize the nature of the alliance . 
  europe is such a joke . 
  see how that works ? 
  i find it a little funny that many europeans often had the attitude that nato is just for protecting us interests and preserving its hegemony . 
  the us just wanted to control europe . 
  lots of europeans would rage at the idea that they depended on the us for defense . 
  now that a president in the us questioned how effective and sustainable the alliance is , europeans freak out and act like the us stabbed them in the back and abandoned them to be eaten alive by russia , meanwhile * the vast majority of european nato members have n't paid their fair share for decades * . 
  the us is responsible for 3/4ths of the combined nato budget . 
  only a few european countries pay the required 2 % of gdp on defense . 
  pretty interesting how schizophrenic european attitudes can be towards the us . 
  not need for consistency when the goal is to bash the us from any angle . 
  ca n't give the us credit for anything , always have to blame the us for any failures in the relationship , but at the same time expecting the us to always give unending support . 
  if you please , europeans in this sub , answer these questions : 1 ) do you believe the nato alliance , and the us military in particular , is important to europe ? 
  2 ) if not , what country do you think is the foundation of the alliance in terms of capabilities and strength ? 
  if nato become crucial in a major conflict right now , who would do most of the work ? 
  3 ) if you believe the alliance is important to europe , how do you justify the fact that european nations do n't pay their fair share and the us shoulders the biggest financial burden ? 
  4 ) how do you reconcile the vicious attacks made against trump for his criticism of nato with the fact that the very nations who criticized his comments about nato have n't fulfilled their spending obligations ? 
  to me this spat about nato makes europe look like a bitchy wife who constantly rags on and disrespects her husband and does n't appreciate what he provides , but the moment he says anything negative about her , she freaks out and acts like the victim . 
  no gratitude , and a complete sense of entitlement . 
  must be the ancestral home of my ex-girlfriend . 
   they have much higher standards than we do . 
  no , they really do n't . 
  it 's just a popular belief to have that they do . 
  part of it is motivated by a need to get the population of eu countries on board with more expensive domestic products . 
  it 's propaganda for the purpose of protecting eu industries from competition with us industries that are more efficient . 
  europeans will accept that propaganda as truth due to their political biases , and be unaware that they 're really getting tricked by business interests in their country . 
  [ the us has the 3rd highest food quality and safety in the world . 
  ] ( http://foodsecurityindex.eiu.com/country/details#united%20states ) the us has higher food quality than eu countries do on average . 
   alright then . 
  embrace us meat imports !, 
  those which are too low of a quality to be imported into the eu . 
  us food is not low quality . 
  people like you are misinformed to believe it 's low quality because it 's important to create propaganda to justify european moves to protect their industries from competition with the us . 
  [ the us is ranked 3rd in the world in food quality and safety . 
  ] ( http://foodsecurityindex.eiu.com/country/details#united%20states ) the us has higher food quality than eu countries on average do . 
  i find it a little funny that many europeans had the attitude that nato is just for protecting us interests and preserving its hegemony . 
  the us just wanted to control europe . 
  lots of europeans would rage at the idea that they depended on the us for defense . 
  now that a president in the us questions how effective the alliance is , europeans freak out and act like the us stabbed them in the back and abandoned them to be eaten alive by russia , meanwhile the vast majority of european nato members have n't paid their fair share for decades . 
  the us is responsible for 3/4ths of the combined nato budget . 
  only a handful of european countries pay the required 2 % of gdp on defense . 
  pretty interesting how schizophrenic european attitudes are toward the us . 
  ca n't give the us credit for anything , ca n't accept blame for any failures in the relationship , but at the same time expecting the us to always give unending support . 
  [ yeah , and the lead designer for bmw for many years was an american . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chris_bangle ), 
  the entire us being green does n't make sense because individual parts of what is now the us were under european control before the us , with its current borders , existed . 
  the us as it is now was never under european control , only some of the previous territories were . 
  if the map was super accurate , most of the western us would not be green . 
  the western frontier in the us was never a country or colony that was under european control . 
  it was the us , an american power , that settled the west , and took territory from mexico , another american power , post-revolution , in the southwest . 
   i do n't quite follow your point . 
  are you saying that the internet would disappear if the us were sanctioned ? 
  i feel like i 'm talking to a troll . 
  are you trolling or are you incapable of understanding simple concepts ? 
  the us dominates the it industry . 
  almost every technology the person i replied to used to call for sanctions against the us was provided to the world by the us , and would ostensibly no longer be available to the countries that sanctioned the us , either due to those countries idiotically targeting the us tech industry for sanctions , or the us enacting its own reciprocal sanctions in which it barred those countries ' access to important us technology . 
   what you pointed out is as ironic as using a public bus to go to a protest against the government that built it . 
  perhaps we just have a very different definition of what constitutes irony . 
  your analogy , again does n't apply , and is nonsensical . 
  how do you not understand that it 's ironic for people who depend on a country 's technology to use that country 's technology to call for sanctions against that country ? 
  someone did n't just criticize the us , they called for sanctions against the us . 
  in the process they used technology that would probably not be available to them in the long term in a major sanctions war against the us . 
  i 'm pointing out the blatant irony invoked by someone using almost exclusively us technology to call for sanctions against the us . 
  your analogy does n't apply . 
  if you called for sanctions against japan while on psn , on a playstation , while talking to japanese people , while playing a japanese game , yes that would in fact be pretty stupid . 
  i do n't care what you think about it , it 's the truth . 
  the truth is immune to your sentiments . 
  you say that and yet you 're on reddit , an american site . 
  you 're using almost certainly an american browser , ie , edge , chrome , firefox , safari ... all american . 
  you 're almost certainly using a computer that is either a mac or a pc , both of which are us-designed computer architectures , that run mac os or windows , both of which are operating systems designed by american companies . 
  either that or you 're using a mobile device that runs android or ios and both are , you guessed it , american .
