  there is not a single reasonable european equivalent of microsoft . 
   maybe there 's more to it than just `` we 're better than you '' . 
  lol , your proof that `` there 's more to it '' is your claim that all the incredible amounts of human capital the us has in the it and software industries has nothing to do with the us leading the world in those fields , it 's simply that the us has better salesmen . 
  if you said this in an academic environment you 'd get laughed at . 
  it 's incredible to see people like yourself resort to mental gymnastics so you can avoid acknowledging anything positive about the us . 
  meanwhile , in the real world : american universities lead the world in ... [ technological advancement ] ( http://www.shanghairanking.com/fieldeng2014.html ) , [ scientific advancement ] ( http://www.shanghairanking.com/fieldsci2016.html ) , and [ computer science ] ( http://www.shanghairanking.com/subjectcs2015.html ) etc. . . how much of their education do you think is about marketing ? 
  the us absolutely destroys europe in it . 
  deal with it . 
  where are you getting your figures ? 
  [ gdp in 1938 , in 1990 dollars  ( http://www.mnstarfire.com/ww2/history/economic/gdp1938.html ) usa : $ 800 billion ussr : $ 359 billion germany : $ 351 billion china : $ 320 billion uk : $ 284 billion france : $ 185 billion etc. . . 
  the us absolutely was an economic superpower before wwii . 
   as we 're not really a marketing society . 
  you 're trying to say the huge lead the us has over europe in it is only because the us is better at selling stuff , and it has nothing to do with the us being better at developing the technology that is sold ? 
  edit : american universities lead the world in ... [ technological advancement ] ( http://www.shanghairanking.com/fieldeng2014.html ) , [ scientific advancement ] ( http://www.shanghairanking.com/fieldsci2016.html ) , and [ computer science ] ( http://www.shanghairanking.com/subjectcs2015.html ) etc. . . nah , it 's totally just the marketing ... 
  before wwii , the us economy was already over twice as large as the world 's next largest economy ( ussr ) . 
  the us emerged from wwii as the most powerful country in military terms , but the us was already easily the world 's economic superpower , even if the word was n't used back then . 
   its because you imported lots of clever europeans . 
  that 's who most americans are . 
  europeans clever enough to leave europe . 
   lol looks like they got the alternative history books out early . 
  ah , so your history with the us is so embarrassing to you that you ca n't even admit that you lost in the american revolution . 
  hugely important colonies , with immense natural resources and human capital , rebelled from your empire , threw off the yoke of your monarch , and became independent , frustrating your plans to dominate north america . 
  the land and people that you used to control enabled a superpower to be created . 
  you could have had access to that wealth and economic potential , had you not lost . 
  that 's not a defeat according to your weird , post-empire , pride-salvaging history revisionism . 
  you probably think your country was performing swimmingly in wwii before the us joined as well , i 'd wager . 
  nobody made a fuss when the current prime minister of canada , justin trudeau , paraded his ignorance [ by saying that baltic states do n't exist . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ug2wzst4pc4 ) of course , that story did n't get any attention , because bashing americans is good . 
  bashing canadians ( and europeans ) is n't as important and only complicates the narrative . 
  [ the prime minister of canada does n't believe that baltic states exist . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ug2wzst4pc4 ), 
   or perhaps this is because we stopped deporting our idiots to your lands so the idiots you deported to north america defeated your empire , created a democracy when you still had a ruling monarch , surpassed you as the world 's largest economy , surpassed you in science and technology , did more than you did in your own backyard in wwii , rebuilt your nation , forgave your debts , and now you depend on those idiots in exile for what little remaining power your country has left in the world . 
  how embarrassing . 
  bonus : [ if britain were a state in the us it would be pretty much the poorest in the country . 
  ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2014/08/25/britain-is-poorer-than-any-us-state-yes-even-mississippi/#13908a193fab ), 
  neither do i. i do n't see how a modern , technology-dependent union of countries would profit from a trade war with the country that is home to the world 's most important tech companies , either . 
   and they would certainly love stop selling to the european customer because trump has a personal feud with the eu . 
  yes , and in that same universe the eu would love a trade war with the country that leads the world in technological advancement ... 
  the prospect of losing access to innovative technologies that enable economic activity is totally something eu countries would love as long as it allowed them to spite trump . 
   because we all know the number one goal of a business is to please the leader of the country they are headquartered in . 
  and we all know people love to have trade wars with countries they 're technologically dependent on ... sarkasmus ist spass . 
  are you under some illusion that the us is n't massively powerful economically and financially ? 
  the thing is , this power ca n't even be stated nominally to get the whole picture . 
  consider the fact that american companies are the primary innovators and providers when it comes to it services that the entire world economy depends on . 
  google , apple , intel , nvidia , amd , ibm , hp , oracle , cisco , etc. . . all american companies . 
  the us provides the lifeblood to the global , it-centered world economy . 
  if you 're itching for some sort of trade war , that 's silly , because you would n't win . 
   right . 
  i 'll just add that there 's really no reason for the eu to start a financial war or wishing for the euro to replace the dollar but also no reason we can ' fight one if we have to . 
  i 'll preface this by saying i 'm alarmed by how antagonistic things have gotten since trump entered office , and i do n't want a currency war between the us and the eu . 
  however , it could be argued that the eu has been waging its own one-sided war against the us , without the us taking measures to fight back , for a long time now . 
  this is n't just trump 's vendetta against the eu , there are elements in the us finance and industry that see the euro as being undervalued to boost germany 's exports and harm us exports . 
   but trump is a fool for starting a beef with the biggest trade block in the world and thinking we will be the only ones loosing . 
  the eu has been designed in the spirit of competing with the us . 
  the eu has largely been more hostile to competition from the us than vice versa . 
  many europeans who support the eu will have a negative view of the us as one reason for that support . 
  the eu routinely penalizes us companies that operate in the eu in a very thinly-veiled , vindictive bitterness that those companies dominate industries that the eu ca n't compete in . 
  it and software development are big ones . 
  the eu has sued so many us tech companies so many times , with such absurd charges , it 's becoming a joke . 
   and usa has so much internal problems of it 's own but he 's busy making friends with russia , further alienating the middle east , pissing on mexicans and threatening china an eu 1 ) many of our internal problems stem from illegal immigration from mexico . 
  2 ) i think russia is dangerous and ca n't be trusted . 
  however completely shunning them has not been effective . 
  they 're too powerful and armed with too many nukes to not cooperate with them . 
  3 ) i think the ship has sailed a long time ago when it comes to trying to not `` alienate '' the middle east . 
  4 ) the us is not pissing on mexicans . 
  we have a president that for the first time in a long time has an issue with mexico exploiting our country . 
  we currently have almost no control over our southern border . 
  as a sovereign nation we should be able to carefully vet and select who and what enters our country . 
  this may come as a shock to some people , but the us has the same right every other nation has in this area . 
  the moment the us intends to protect its sovereignty , people act like the us is being aggressive . 
  mexico has been facilitating and benefiting from illegal immigration and drug smuggling into the us for decades now . 
  the mexican government literally gives people pamphlets with information on how to enter the us and avoid border patrol and law enforcement . 
  they encourage and support their citizens violating the sovereignty of the us . 
  the mexican government is totally abusing its relationship with the us so they can export their crime and poverty to the us , make the us foot the bill for these social problems , and then allow mexico to benefit from illegal tax-free remittances that are sent back to mexico and taxed there instead of in the us . 
  the amount of money that mexico has saved and made by flooding the us with its poorest citizens is way , waaaaay bigger than the projected cost of a border wall or any money the us would gain from tariffs on mexican goods . 
  5 ) the us , threatening china ? 
  chinese state media routinely fantasizes about fighting a war against the us . 
  china is certainly the aggressor , not only in their well documented crooked economic aggression against the us , theft of intellectual property , currency manipulation etc. . . but they are creating artificial islands in international waters and threatening all their neighbors in the region . 
   japan devalues the yen as part of their strategy to maintain exports . 
  ah , so the comparative value of currency is not exclusively nor accurately a measurement of a country 's , or union of countries ' , financial or economic clout . 
  that 's my point . 
  the euro has been valued higher than the usd for a long time , but that does not mean the eu is more financially stable than the us , or that the eu has more financial leverage or influence than the us does . 
  just because the european central bank wields a currency with a unit value higher than the us dollar , wielded by the us federal reserve , does n't change the fact the us has more economic and financial influence than the eu . 
  [ consider the fact that the us dollar is still by far the most used reserve currency . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/global_reserve_currencies.png ) there 's no trend going on right now that would indicate the euro will surpass the us dollar any time soon . 
  the us is more financially sound than the eu is . 
  pretty much every major eu country has greater external debt relative to its gdp than the us does , and the stuff with greece , and other issues , do n't exactly inspire confidence in the eu 's ability to have a harmonious and unified vision of the future , economically , not to mention politically . 
   the only winning countires from a stronger dollar will be russia & co as they sell oil in dollars along with pretty much every other country that sells oil internationally ... 
  what 's your point ? 
  the mexican peso is worth more than the japanese yen . 
   do you really think illegal mexicans are sending 10-30 billion dollars out of the us ? 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/news/latino/mexico-got-more-money-remittances-oil-revenues-2015-n510346 ) remittances sent from mexican nationals outside of mexico is a bigger source of income to mexico than its oil industry . 
  and almost all of those remittances came from the us . 
   even if they were would n't it be unconstitutional and illegal to just seize their assets ? 
  the remittances are mostly illegal ... illegal immigrants in the us send money , that is n't taxed , to mexico , where it is taxed , both as income and in sales taxes . 
  this is basically theft . 
  mexico benefits from exporting its crime and poverty to the us in many ways . 
  it reduces the social burden in mexico , places that burden on the us , and then mexico profits from the economic activity of its people who have left and entered the us illegally . 
  mexico gets to get rid of criminals and needy poor people , but at the same time gets to reap the rewards of their labor as if they had n't left mexico .
