  pretty much anyone in germany under the age of 30 is in tune with american culture more than older , original german culture that existed before the us became a cultural superpower . 
   and lol at your use of the word `` derivative '' when the usa is literally derived from european colonists . 
  your culture is derived from ours because you literally are us . 
  nobody is literally someone else . 
  most americans are ethnically european and some may have some sub-cultures based on the nation of origin of their ancestors , but mainstream american culture is its own thing that unites people from disparate origins . 
  people came to the us from europe ( and also every other part of the world ) and over time developed a unique culture . 
  yes , people from europe brought their cultures to the us and that contributed to the melting pot , but there are novel cultural developments in the us that actually occurred independently , in fact some of them only occurred * due to being separated from europe . 
  * the us became a constitutional democracy when the majority of nations in europe still had ruling monarchs or aristocracies . 
  the us becoming a separate , american nation allowed enlightenment ideals to be distilled and crystallize and then things were switched and the us began being an influence on europe . 
  europe started being more heavily influenced by the us than vice versa a long time ago . 
   all of those are british . 
  you mightve heard of some of them . 
  did you know they were british ? 
  yes , radiohead is my jam . 
  by the way , all those bands you just listed are rock and roll . 
  rock and roll originated in the us , then the british adopted this aspect of american culture and put their spin on it . 
  the first band in your list , the beatles , and probably many others in your list , [ were heavily influenced by elvis presley ] ( http://www.beatles-history.net/beatles-elvis-presley.html ) , and blues musicians before that . 
  dubstep originated in the uk . 
  i 'm sure you 'd be pissed if someone talked about how influential american artists like skrillex and bassnectar are in an attempt to say the uk is n't influential in this regard . 
  also we 're not just talking about music . 
  the uk has a lot of great music but in the full spectrum of modern culture it does n't even come close to having the influence the us has . 
  i 'm talking about technology , internet sites , music , movies , tv , books , video games , food , fashion etc. . . american culture is ubiquitous across the board . 
  it was about comparing population as a way of measuring dicks , so i showed that relative to population , the us has more economic output . 
  i changed the nuance of the topic . 
  i have that right . 
  you seem to be upset . 
  i admire your ability to see your country critically and not bristle at outside criticism . 
  it 's not fresh in my mind anymore , but was n't your government pretty antagonistic towards germany during the whole debt crisis/bailout thing ? 
   its mostly that canada has fewer problems adhering to european standards than the united states . 
  not really . 
  what 's going on is that canada is not as big of a threat to european businesses , so there has n't been as much propaganda about poor food safety standards in canada like there has been about the us . 
  most of what you 've heard about poor food quality in the us is just a shell game designed to scare europeans and insulate european industries from fair competition with the us . 
  the us has an absolutely staggering lead in biotechnology and agricultural science research . 
  european industries are behind and could n't compete with us industries if they were on a level playing field . 
  [ the us ranks # 1 in the global food security index and is ranked # 3 in quality and safety . 
  ] ( http://foodsecurityindex.eiu.com/country/details#united%20states ), 
  yup , from 2013 to 2014 . 
  that would coincide with the european debt crisis , of course . 
  italy 's economy was pure balls back then due to its finances . 
  right , the us is * making * you consume american culture . 
  `` i listen to metallica , play xbox , own an iphone , and see almost exclusively american movies ... but only because america makes me '' . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  nobody is forced to consume american culture , they choose to . 
  it 's not the us exporting its culture , it 's other countries importing american culture . 
  wait no that 's german . 
  shit . 
   well sure , the us is a wholly integrated single market since the past 240 years with the added benefit of using one language . 
  true , but that would n't have much of an effect on the gdp per capita . 
   still though , comparing us and europe without the whole of europe looks ... odd . 
  well , the reason i did that is because the eu contains the majority of countries in europe and it 's easier to compare the us to the eu than it is to compare the us to every individual european nation . 
  are n't you proud and humbled that your culture has such an impact on the ancient cultures of the world ? 
  if they are good aspects of american culture , yes . 
  if they 're bad or superficial aspects of american culture like lady gaga playing on the radio or people lining up at a mcdonald 's , no . 
   to me it 's weird that your country is n't more open to other cultures ; movies , music and books . 
  the us is open to other cultures but at the same time is isolated from them due to geography . 
  we do n't really import culture , culture is exported here through immigration . 
  we have a huge country that borders only two other huge countries . 
  one is canada , which is basically a watered-down version of the us , and the other is mexico . 
  there is a lot of mexican culture in the us . 
  if switzerland bordered the us i 'm sure there 'd be swiss cultural influences in the us and swiss chocolate would be more readily available . 
  other than that , american culture itself is an amalgamation of the cultures that were brought here by immigrants . 
  it just melted together into what mainstream american culture is today . 
  in russia , the water flows like wine ... er ... yeah . 
  i 'm not great with cliches . 
  we can talk about culture instead of defense matters and economics . 
  i 've personally found it to be funny to see europeans who imitate american culture , listen to american music , watch american tv and movies , use iphones , macbooks , and android devices etc. . . have this sort of weird cognitively dissonant sense of cultural superiority over the us . 
  i think europeans are insecure by how influential the us is and they are very oriented towards the us in their daily lives even if they have a negative opinion of the us , and it makes them insecure . 
  modern culture in countries like say ... germany is heavily derivative of american culture . 
  there are entire subcultures in europe that are based on american culture . 
  that includes , unfortunately , the whole hipster thing . 
  that 's mostly in the uk , not in mainland europe , but still . 
  i would never have thought europeans were obsessed with americans . 
  but then i went to europe , and it was incredible . 
  even domestic media like sitcoms and films in europe have constant american cultural references . 
  the prominence of american culture in europe causes europeans to see the world through that lens . 
  this prominence also allows europeans to avoid self-criticism because the us is always a huge target in their eyes . 
  europeans routinely point their finger at americans for negative traits that are similar or worse in their own countries . 
  the us is like this omnipresent thing in their minds that is the cornerstone of how they view international issues . 
  it 's actually probably pleasant in one way , because they always have a scapegoat to lay their scorn and derision on and depict in unrealistically negative ways so they can see themselves in an unrealistically positive way by contrast . 
  the eu has almost 200 million more people than the us ( [ 509 million ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/region/european-union ) vs [ 324 million ] ( http://www.census.gov/popclock/ ) ) , yet the us has a larger gdp . 
  us gdp : [ $ 18 trillion ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/gdp ) eu gdp : [ $ 16.3 trillion ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/region/european-union ) the us punches above its weight economically compared to the eu . 
  us gdp per capita : [ $ 56,000 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd ) eu gdp per capita : [ $ 33,300 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union ), 
   this place sure loves comparisons between europe and the usa . 
  the modern european identity , especially within the context of the eu , is very preoccupied with the us as a point of reference . 
  some europeans wo n't admit it , but they often support the eu because they want to compete with the us and their positive view of the eu goes hand-in-hand with a negative view of the us . 
  every european country i 've been to and whose media i 've been exposed to , sees the world through the lens of its relationship with the us , due to how influential the us is politically , economically , and culturally . 
  yeah , yeah . 
  arrogant american . 
  whatever . 
  it 's true though . 
  pretty much the majority of international news i 've seen from european news outlets revolves around the us . 
  no , canada is an appendage that worted off of maine and got grew to the point that it developed its own identity . 
  it 's like people who name their tumors , except the tumor became self-aware . 
  more sanctions , plz . 
  russia is a 3st world country . 
  yes but many people believe their feelings are based on fact , amie . 
   i mean how many republicans are there that see healthcare as a handout and yet donate money to a charity ? 
  that always confuses me . 
  it confuses me that it confuses you . 
  americans give their time and money to charity willingly , but at the same time many americans do n't like money being taken from them by force by the government acting like some sort of robin hood figure with guns .
