  there are n't only 2 parties in the us . 
  [ there were 10 political candidates from 10 different political affiliations for us president in the 2016 ballot . 
  ] ( http://www.politics1.com/p2016.htm )  even though i do n't always agree with it , anti-us sentiment exists for a reason it exists because there 's the motivation to depict the us in an unrealistically negative way ( that motivation being that the us is the most powerful country in the world ) and then people accept that biased interpretation of events as fact and become idiots who depend on anti-americanism to simplify a complicated world for their simple minds . 
  anti-americanism is n't an intellectual worldview based on fact or fairness , it 's an anti-intellectual mental crutch for stupid people who need a bogeyman to point their finger at . 
   good thing they do n't have this in the us . 
  they have 2 and 50 % voted for the wrong guy . 
  there were [ 10 presidential candidates ] ( http://www.politics1.com/p2016.htm ) in the final 2016 us presidential ballot . 
  that does n't include the primary candidates that were voted on first . 
  there were [ 22 candidates for just democrats and republicans . 
  ] ( https://www.studentnewsdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/2016-presidential-candidates.png ) there were dozens more for the other political parties . 
  anti-american circle-jerks on reddit are always the exact same , in that people will always get upvoted for bashing the us , even when it 's unprovoked , and even if they have no clue what the hell they 're talking about . 
  and you 're demonstrating your ignorance . 
  depending on where americans live , their individual ballots that included state and federal politicians had dozens of choices for candidates and dozens of referendums to vote on . 
  often hundreds . 
  [ look at the voters guide for my state . 
  ] ( https://weiapplets.sos.wa.gov/myvoteolvr/onlinevotersguide?language=en&amp;electionid=63&amp;countycode=xx&amp;group=legislative ) if it were displayed on one page , it would be about as big or bigger than the dutch ballot everyone is using as proof that america , by contrast , sucks . 
  when you look at all the federal , statewide , legislative , and judicial choices , there were over a hundred choices . 
  and that was just the final ballot , it does n't include the primary process . 
  it 's funny how people like you always launch off into mindless , ignorant anti-americanism at the drop of the hat . 
   it 's a lot of choice , especially compared to the two choices americans get . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , but you depicted the us in an unrealistically negative way , so you got upvoted . 
  there were [ 10 ] ( http://www.politics1.com/p2016.htm ) presidential candidates in the us presidential election in 2016 . 
  [ look at the voters guide for my state \\ ( that includes local and federal politicians \\ ) . 
  ] ( https://weiapplets.sos.wa.gov/myvoteolvr/onlinevotersguide/measures?language=en&amp;electionid=63&amp;countycode=xx&amp;ismyvote=false&amp;electiontitle=2016%20general%20election%20 ) dozens of choices . 
  you have to navigate through it , but if it were one giant page it would be about as big as the dutch ballot . 
  this anti-american circle-jerk is predictable of course , but it 's still always shocking to see how fucking ignorant people are about the us and how anyone can get upvoted by bashing the us even if what they 're saying is completely wrong . 
  you realize that few countries have ballots that are larger than the us ballots , right ? 
  why is are you single-mindedly obsessed with comparing your ballot to the american one so that only the us looks bad ? 
  oh that 's right , because anti-americanism . 
  something that is deemed to be good about a country that is not the us gets posted on reddit . 
  people instinctively bring up and bash the us exclusively , because the actual topic does n't interest them as much as bashing the us does . 
  also no other country is bashed except for the us . 
  that just would n't be as much fun . 
  there could be dozens of developed countries that have ballots the same size as the us 2016 ballot , but they wo n't be criticized . 
  some fun facts to get me downvoted . 
  the us has primary ballots that add a lot of choice . 
  lots of people saying there are only two choices in the us , which is completely untrue . 
  [ there were 10 candidates for us president in 2016 . 
  ] ( http://www.politics1.com/p2016.htm ) not to mention the literally hundreds of other political offices and candidates that were voted on . 
  [ i challenge someone to look at the voters guide for my state , washington . 
  ] ( https://weiapplets.sos.wa.gov/myvoteolvr/onlinevotersguide/measures?language=en&amp;electionid=63&amp;countycode=xx&amp;ismyvote=false&amp;electiontitle=2016%20general%20election%20 ) there are dozens of things that needed to be voted on . 
  if it was in one page it would be about as large as the dutch ballot . 
  anti-american circle-jerks almost always play out in the exact same way . 
  they are usually unprovoked , they just occur naturally because people are so myopic and instinctively bash the us , and the facts mean nothing to people . 
  loads of people will get upvoted for taking advantage of the uproar by saying incredibly ignorant shit . 
  the criteria is n't what is true or not , it 's how creatively and maliciously you can bash the us , regardless of whether or not what you 're saying is factual , and how effectively you can push the `` usa sucks , [ insert country ] is better '' narrative that people are so fond of . 
  people may be triggered by your comment but it 's true . 
  [ the us has literally the majority of venture capital investments in the world . 
  ] ( https://assets.weforum.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/venture1.png ) americans are much more willing to develop and fund novel ideas and take a risk than europeans are . 
  not only does this mean the us is usually the place where advancements in it and software take place , but when people outside of the us have an idea that they ca n't get domestic funding from , americans will invest in them . 
  ... because of the us navy . 
   going to war with the us , sure . 
  any other reason ? 
  the us taking a less interested and less proactive approach in preserving the interests of other countries . 
  europe would n't only need stronger navies to fight the us . 
  they 'd need stronger navies if the us simply withdrew from its current international role as the guaranteer of the global order , because this would create a power vacuum where countries and non-state actors would lick their lips at all the wealth being transported unguarded and untaxed across the world 's oceans . 
  because a huge portion of international trade consists of overseas maritime shipping of goods ? 
  if you think naval power is n't relevant , that 's not because it 's not relevant , it 's because the us navy is so powerful that it allows other countries to abstain from building up their own navies to protect their international trade . 
  this is something that the us almost never gets credit for , but is hugely important . 
  we live in an incredibly prosperous era that got that way partly due to the fact that any nation with the means can trade openly with the rest of the world via shipping . 
  it used to be the case that nations needed large navies to protect their shipping lanes but since the us navy exists and keeps those shipping lanes open and free from piracy and military disputes , most nations can instead devote resources to other things , all while enjoying open , unfettered trade . 
  the us navy has been almost singularly crucial in keeping bad actors in check and preventing maritime trade wars , which were common throughout history but are not common at all these days . 
  there 'd be a lot more wars and the world economy would be a lot worse and less prosperous if it were n't for the us . 
  naval power is absolutely relevant and important . 
  it 's just other countries benefit from us naval power without thinking about it , which causes them to think it 's a relic of a former era . 
  i have a feeling that european mps are grandstanding about this issue now , even though the visa requirement for the 5 eu nations has been a thing for a long time , purely because trump is in office . 
  if the us acquiesces and waives the visa requirement , it will be seen as a huge victory for the eu over the us , and trump . 
  people will herald this development as some signal that the eu is becoming a superpower equal to the us . 
  if the us does not cave , then that will be fine too , because it will be seen as the us not respecting the eu , and this will contribute to a bristly feeling of european unity in the face of the us trying to undermine it , or something . 
   mightierthanthou posts a never ending stream of pro us shit . 
  you say that because you 're mad that someone is stating facts that do n't appeal to your biases . 
   he even has his own specific tag ( mtt ) on / r/shitamericanssay which says more about the bias of that submission than it does my posting habits . 
  i could say anything positive about the us and negative about another country and no matter how true what i said is , people on that sub will downvote brigade it not due to having some moral highground , but because the need revenge when their beliefs are challenged . 
   this is a very american attitude . 
  it 's hilarious that you felt the need to see that part of my comment , that is obviously a joke , in a political way so that you could draw a political conclusion from it . 
  you saw the us flag next to my name and that flipped a switch in your head and you just started acting out your programming . 
  or nah , i 'm just lying . 
  i think all rice is identical and there are no variations in how it is cooked , what it is eaten with , or what other foods it is a recipe in . 
  totally . 
  that 's ... american somehow . 
  we all know americans are super ignorant and shitty about rice !, 
   what this graphic shows is that america is the largest provider of humanitarian aid in the world . 
  it takes dozens of european countries to have more aid than just a single country , the us . 
  to add to that , this developmental aid thing is a very narrow classification . 
  it only counts money that governments give other governments for development . 
  all other government-to-government aid , all government-to-business aid , and all private charity aid is not counted . 
  the us as a society places less emphasis on the government handling stuff like that . 
  our private institutions and even just average citizens giving individual donations actually give a lot more money to international relief aid than our government does . 
  that 's not because our government is stingy on a relative basis , it 's because we do n't look to the government to be a mommy figure as much as europeans do . 
  that may get me downvoted and called names , but i think it 's a fair analysis . 
  europeans have a different philosophy about the role of their governments , and they like to believe that the government taxing them and spending money on their behalf is a reason to gloat , while americans actually give their time and money , freely , of their own accord , in a bigger way . 
  it 's all just eggs and flour dammit . 
  i love pasta as much as the next motherfucker , but do we really need such a simple food to be manifested in 100 different forms ? 
  look at rice . 
  rice is just rice . 
  totally lacking in pretense . 
  if you want to eat 2000 of something , you eat rice . 
  pasta needs to be all fancy and stuff and just to hold a conversation with a food snob or an italian i need to be well versed pasta 's many varieties and differing characteristics . 
  life is complicated enough without knowing that fusilli is a slightly smaller although generally identical form of girandole for fuck sake . 
   it 's not irrelevant in the context of the financial burden of military spending .
