  the flag remaining after a battle is just a literary device to convey resilience , of the country and its people . 
  racist . 
  that 's the prettiest , most idyllic european town i 've ever seen . 
  the conclusions people draw from this are highly illogical . 
  if someone from germany moved to the us , those indicators would n't automatically apply to them . 
  none of those differences would actually occur due to living in the us alone , unless the person magically morphed into a black person , latino , or illegal immigrant . 
  germany has better national averages in those areas because they have waaaay fewer minorities that tend to contribute to poor performance . 
  if a german moved to the us , they would n't automatically be more likely to be imprisoned for example . 
  the higher rate of imprisonment in the us is a reflection of demographics . 
  blacks in germany are more likely to be imprisoned than whites in germany just like in the us , germany just has waaaaaaay fewer black people and a more homogeneous population in general . 
  almost of those negative indicators are a reflection of disparate demographics , not an exclusive result of living in the us . 
  white people outperform white germans in almost all of those areas . 
  it 's just that since the us has more minorities that under-perform compared to the white majority , it affects the national averages . 
  if nothing about germany 's system changed but its demographics shifted to more closely resemble the vastly dissimilar demographics the us has , the disparities between the us and germany would probably disappear entirely . 
  the us has by far the highest rate of minorities and illegal immigrants out of any developed nation . 
  you 're all quick to gloat about the us supposedly sucking without acknowledging that the us has a statistical disadvantage from the onset that has nothing to do with the actual ability of the us to create quality of life , equality , etc. . . 
  this weird comparison that is making all the europeans cream their pants is n't really telling them that they 'd be worse off if they lived in the us . 
  it 's actually telling them that their countries have less problems because they 're more homogeneous , and they 'd be worse off if they were black or latino . 
  quick , everyone call me racist instead of thinking objectively about what i said . 
  just revel in thinking the us sucks and that there could n't possibly be any differences in the demographics of countries that might have an effect on these things . 
  elevating yourselves above americans is probably incredibly important to you . 
  this is nonsense . 
  if someone from sweden came to the us , none of those differences would actually occur , unless the person magically morphed into a black person or latino person . 
  sweden outperforms the us in those areas because sweden has fewer minorities . 
  if a person from sweden came to the us , chances are they 'd do very well , possibly better than they would in sweden . 
  almost of those negative indicators are a reflection of demographics , not an exclusive result of differing policies or positive attributes of society . 
  quick , someone call me racist . 
  what this could really say instead of `` if you lived in the us xyz would be true '' , is `` if you were black or latino ... xyz would be true '' . 
   you 're like the donald trump of reddit . 
  it makes sense that you 'd say that considering you 're absolutely psychotically obsessed with trump and me . 
  you 've stalked my post history and replied to my comments , and upvoted yourself/downvoted me , thousands of times . 
  you 're mentally ill . you have no life , and you think this is a good use of your time . 
  your bias against the us , and your infatuation with me , is just an extension of your serious personal issues . 
  you 've probably never accomplished anything in your life . 
  i think it 's hilarious that every single time you reply to me , i instantly start getting a peculiar number of downvotes and you always get upvoted , no matter how dead the comment chain is . 
  it 's beyond obvious that you 're using a proxy app of some sort and multiple accounts to fudge the votes and avoid getting banned . 
  you 're absolutely pathetic . 
  remember when you responded to my comment in a submission that was 2 days old and you got 5 upvotes in 10 minutes , which i pointed out and then you deleted your comment when you noticed your mistake ? 
  how uneventful is your life , seriously ? 
   scientific advancement the us is the most scientifically advanced nation on the planet . 
   i 've lived both in europe and us you did n't , you 're just making up false credentials to lend credibility to things you say . 
   and i can say there is a huge difference between the quality of life . 
  [ the vast majority of countries in europe have lower quality of life than the us does . 
  ] ( https://www.numbeo.com/quality-of-life/rankings_by_country.jsp ) also , not a single country that ranks higher than the us has an even remotely similar demographical makeup . 
  the us does a better job in enabling quality of life for a larger and more diverse population than any other country . 
   scientific advancement [ the us is the most scientifically advanced nation on the planet . 
  ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20150703203736/http://www.realclearscience.com/lists/top_10_countries_with_greatest_scientific_impact/1_united_states.html?state=stop )  i 've lived both in europe and us you did n't , you 're just making up false credentials to lend credibility to things you say . 
   and i can say there is a huge difference between the quality of life . 
  [ the vast majority of countries in europe have lower quality of life than the us does . 
  ] ( https://www.numbeo.com/quality-of-life/rankings_by_country.jsp ) also , not a single country that ranks higher than the us has an even remotely similar demographical makeup . 
  the us does a better job in enabling quality of life for a larger and more diverse population than any other country . 
   your arrogance based on ignorance is real . 
  this irony from you is incredible . 
  the us is the most powerful country in every area . 
  you listed a bunch of smaller , less important countries , including canada of all places , as being leaders instead of the us . 
  what you 're doing is one of the most hilarious examples of how deranged anti-americanism can be . 
  you listed canada as being a leader of the world when canada 's entire position in the global order is contingent upon its proximity to and dependence on the us . 
  canada is dependent on the us across the board . 
  what little power they have beyond their borders is only due to their relationship with the us . 
   and that filthy condescending tone mixed with nationalism is plain daft . 
  are you so amped up with your anti-americanism that you 're just operating on autopilot ? 
  everything you say is incredible hypocritical . 
  you 're saying americans are arrogant and condescending for mentioning facts , while you 're being the actual arrogant one and the major difference is that your arrogance is actually based on misconceptions . 
  you think it 's personally fine to lie to yourself and others to elevate weaker , less important countries above the us , but when americans mention facts that the us is actually the most powerful country , you start throwing around words like `` arrogant '' and `` ignorant '' even though those traits actually apply * to you * . 
  anti-americanism is a mental disorder . 
   in case you did n't understand i was referring to '' ` murica numba one '' state of mind and all that goes with the blind patriotism behind it , you know - disregard of facts , arrogance , ignorance as opposed to the state of mind that you have where your worldview does n't resemble the facts whatsoever . 
  the us is the most powerful country in the world in every area . 
  being aware of this fact is not `` blind patriotism '' , and is a more educated view point than the one that you are expressing , where you 're listing countries that are inferior to and dependent on the us as being the `` real '' world leaders . 
  your praise of your country and others is not based on reality . 
  american praise of the us in terms of influence and leadership is based on reality , and you 're calling americans a bunch of names and assigning negative traits to them that actually apply to you . 
   and sure i can give you some examples - iceland , netherlands , canada , denmark , germany , finland the list goes on . 
  you are so far removed from reality you might as well live in another dimension . 
  you have a hilariously undeserved sense of superiority over the us that is in reality deeply rooted in your bitterness and insecurity . 
   because they are either doing it for their own personal benefit ( populism ) and because it 's the largest superstate containing most real leaders of the free world . 
  you are deluded . 
  all of those `` real leaders '' live in countries that are dependent on the us and are not nearly as powerful as the us . 
  the eu has almost 200 million more people than the us ( [ 509 million ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/region/european-union ) vs [ 324 million ] ( http://www.census.gov/popclock/ ) ) , yet the us has a larger gdp . 
  us gdp : [ $ 18 trillion ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/gdp ) eu gdp : [ $ 16.3 trillion ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/region/european-union ) the us punches above its weight economically compared to the eu . 
  us gdp per capita : [ $ 56,000 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd ) eu gdp per capita : [ $ 33,300 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union ) tell us some more about your amazing `` superstate '' that has more people than the us and yet a smaller economy . 
   ( along with canada ) lol . 
  what little power canada has in the world outside of its borders is by proxy with the us . 
  canada is economically , politically , militarily , technologically , and even culturally dependent on the us . 
   regardless of what yankee chest beating apes think . 
  the us is the most powerful and advanced country in the world , economically , scientifically , technologically . 
  that is a fact no matter what the bitter , insecure , mindless drones have convinced themselves of to cope with their inferiority to and dependence on the us . 
  not being american does n't prevent europeans from attacking the us . 
   if you refer to the countries uk colonised in the past and subsequently invited them to move there later ( in the 50s !, 
  ) , its been long enough that it could n't affect test scores ( if it supposedly does ) , in the context you describe i.e. 
  immigrants . 
  that is not true pretty much anywhere . 
  in the us , even when communities with lots of black students and latinos get incredibly high per-student funding , they still tend to underperform in education , even compared to whites and asians in the us that attend poor schools and come from poor families . 
  the difference is culture . 
  not race or genetics , but culture . 
  even if someone is a 3rd generation immigrant , they can still maintain a cultural disparity that has a negative affect on how well they function in society . 
  if someone has cultural attributes that cause them to emphasize say ... doing drugs , getting laid , joining gangs etc. . instead of conforming to social standards of being responsible , hard-working , and well-educated , then there is nothing that the education system can do to change them . 
  you ca n't force someone to be successful . 
  you could have the best education system in the world , but still fail to alleviate cultural issues that hinder some demographics . 
  this is not racism , this is a fact . 
  in every developed country , educational performance , income , and crime rates are very clearly correlated with demographics , even when you adjust for things like education funding , access to social services etc. . . 
  in the us , whites and asians have just about the highest pisa scores in the world .
