  from what i 've gathered , british people have been ok with economic cooperation and common economic laws within the eu , but get uneasy when they perceive their political and national interests to be superseded by eu interests . 
  also the maastricht treaty was mostly about establishing a common currency with the euro . 
  the uk kept the gbp . 
  it seems the uk always had a bit of skepticism about the eu and wanted to maintain a bit of independence . 
   also just noticed your username , what 's happening/happened to you ? 
  not just a while ago you were a regular on / r/shitamericanssay with spewing a lot of shit , but now you are being very reasonable . 
  i was reasonable previously too , the only difference is that i 'm just not being confrontational right now because i 'm discussing the uk 's relationship with the eu so i have no dog in the fight . 
   the eu is not as authoritarian as any other national government . 
  well that 's the kicker then is n't it ? 
  i imagine a lot of people in the uk do n't believe that the eu should behave and function like a national government . 
   with the usa and russia breathing down our neck what do you mean by this , concerning the us ? 
  do you actually believe that the us is an enemy to europe ? 
  that would be a little weird considering the fact that a strong and united europe has been our military strategists ' wet dream for decades now . 
  this may anger you if you have a different view of history , but after wwii it was the us who nurtured the idea of european unity and cooperation . 
  nato was n't just a means of the us preparing for war against the ussr , it was seen as an institution that would keep europeans together so there would n't be another world war . 
  the us is not breathing down your neck . 
  whether it 's via nato or the eu , the us has supported and lovingly nurtured european unity for a long time and still is . 
  as it stands , europe is incredibly dependent on the us in many ways , especially in military power . 
  the us does not want dependents , it wants partners . 
  a strong europe is what the us wants . 
   it may be simplistic , but it 's the hard truth . 
  it 's the hard truth only if you equate the eu with the us , as if the eu is one nation with one government like the us is . 
  that type of comparison you just made might actually shed some light on the subject of why british voters elected to leave the eu . 
  they wanted to preserve the sovereignty of the uk and did n't see it as a natural component of a larger , multi-national entity like the eu . 
  they did n't see their british national interests and identity as being secondary to eu interests and identity . 
   and please , do n't start with the abolition nonsense . 
  you brought it up , not me . 
  i totally understand the intention of your analogy , but i want you to clarify something . 
  if you 're comparing the rebel south in the american civil war to the uk voting to leave the eu , that must surely mean that you see the eu as one naturally united entity that should logically have one authority and basically be considered as one nation , right ? 
  if answer that you 're going to make this debate much easier . 
   i do not think it 's petty in the slightest i already read your entire comment , and i still assert that it is petty as fuck . 
  i know several iranians . 
  when i was in university , both in the us and as an exchange student outside the us , i had iranian students as classmates and i also had an iranian professor . 
  despite the fact that our two nations ' governments are bitter enemies , those disputes never affected our interpersonal relationships . 
  the americans adored the iranians and the iranians adored the americans , even when our religious and political ideologies were diametrically opposed . 
  there might be exceptions to this , but if you ask an iranian what they think about americans , it will probably be positive , even if they have a negative view of the us government . 
  if you ask an american what they think about iranians , a lot of americans will straight up have no opinion whatsoever , but many will say that they 've known iranians and have nothing against them , even if they think the iranian government is an oppressive theocracy . 
  i 've seen a lot of mainland europeans on the internet say some shitty things about british people since brexit and i think it 's incredibly petty . 
  even if the vast majority of british people supported brexit , which they did n't , it was only a small voting majority , that does n't justify the bitter , ignorant attitude that people in europe seem to have towards brits . 
  just because brits voted to leave the eu does n't mean they voted to declare war on the eu . 
   you started a bloody civil war when a few states tried to break off . 
  that 's an incredibly simplistic summation of what occurred in the american civil war . 
  the us as a nation right up until the beginning of the civil war was much more homogeneous than eu was up until brexit . 
  the eu is an economic and political union of nations . 
  the us was one nation made up of states whose local governments ' authority was constitutionally superseded by federal authority . 
  not comparable whatsoever . 
   we are as civil about this as it gets . 
   what do you expect ? 
  `` yeah , a country that has been an integral part of the eu suddenly wants to leave because of some idiots spouting lies in their media and the general populace believing that shit . 
  let 's party ! '', 
  how does that justify treating british people with contempt ? 
  the uk leaving the eu does n't mean the uk is leaving europe , nor is it a declaration of war . 
  that 's an interesting comment , because it basically posits that the eu as an entity was/is similar to the us before the civil war . 
  basically , one nation with one rightful government . 
  do you see the eu as a single nation ? 
  do you see the uk as being subversives because they voted to leave the eu ? 
  ok , so if i 'm understanding what you 're saying , and correct me if i 'm wrong because i may be filling in the blanks , and i do n't work tomorrow so i 've been drinking and smoking a bit , you feel that the uk had used the threat of leaving the eu as leverage to benefit itself within the eu , and then when they went bananas and decided to actually leave the eu via the referendum , they were n't resolute about it and were still pussy-footing about . 
  they thought they were an independent black woman who do n't need no man , but when they were faced with the prospect of being on their own , they were like `` wait , i might need myself a man '' . 
  the uk wanted the benefits of being in the eu but even after voting to leave , they were still unsure about actually losing those benefits . 
  right ? 
   from your flair , i guess the situation is similar to how for the last 7 years republicans been saying about repeal and replace obamacare , and then when they have the full control of the gov. 
  did not manage to actually do that . 
  this is kind of a different topic that i do n't want to get into , but i have to say that you may underestimate how divisive politics in the us are . 
  it 's not even about ideology anymore . 
  it 's just straight up tribal warfare . 
  even if republicans fundamentally and logically liked the healthcare measures put in place by obama and democrat congressmen via obamacare , they would still want to have an alternative to it for the sake of partisan posturing in the media . 
  even when democrats and republicans agree on shit , they wo n't agree on shit , because they 're both always trying to distinguish themselves as different from and therefore superior to their political opponents in the other party . 
  republicans did n't have and still do n't have a viable alternative to obamacare . 
  they 're just trying to dismantle anything the democrats did . 
  there is no grand strategy to what they 're doing , they 're just fucking shit up . 
  obamacare has n't been splendid or anything , though . 
  personally my health care premiums have been increasing all the time . 
  for the first time in my career , i 've actually had to pay out of pocket to contribute to my premiums because the cost for my insurance that my employer pays has doubled and then tripled in the last couple of years . 
  in my yearly tax statements , i saw how much my employer paid for my insurance and it was like $ 150 a month a couple years ago . 
  now it 's like $ 500 a month and rising all the time . 
  even though i believe obamacare had good intentions , it does n't seem to have been implemented in an economically viable way because while the small number of americans that were uninsured now have insurance , health care is insanely more expensive now for everyone else . 
  even though i absolutely hate the republican party , they are justified in pointing out the negative effects that obamacare has had on our health care system , even if their main motivation for doing so is to oppose everything about democrats . 
   but besides that , on a personal level , i am for unity . 
  i believe that people who are united , and get to share their differences , their experiences and their worlds with each other leads to a better world . 
  i agree with you on a philosophical level . 
  i see the entire human race as being brothers and sisters on this planet with trivial differences that can be overcome by the exchange of ideas and a sense of community and shared experience . 
  however , i also believe that large groups of people start acting stupid and when there is an authority figure over that large group of people , their default response is to try to control the people beneath them . 
  even though i 'm a romantic optimist about what humans are capable of as a species , i am extremely , morbidly pessimistic about how people behave when they are given power . 
  from my perspective as an american and also just a normal person , the eu has budding authoritarian elements to it that put me off . 
  i do n't have the right to involve myself in eu politics whatsoever , but i understand why some british people were alarmed by the prospect that their national sovereignty would be supplanted by the eu . 
  they saw the eu as a threat to their identity and their self-determination . 
  i do n't think that british people desiring independence from the eu is a reason for mainland europeans to be shitty towards british people . 
   because of that , i , as individual , can not support in anyway movements , who preach separation , segregation and isolation . 
  what if the group that people want to separate from is oppressive ? 
  i 'm not saying that the eu is oppressive , i 'm just asking if you acknowledge the possibility that it is acceptable for people to want to distance themselves from a group or institution that they find to be oppressive . 
  what if people wholeheartedly share your philosophical view that humans should be united , but believe that a specific power structure that is attempting to unite people is overly authoritarian ? 
  do n't freak out , i 'm not making a grandiose political statement , i 'm only asking a question . 
  why are mainland europeans so agitated about brexit ? 
  did the vote signify to you that the uk unanimously said `` europe sux '' ? 
  from an outside bystander 's point of view it seems like french , dutch , and german people etc. . . are actually angry about brexit to the point that they 're being confrontational with british people . 
  that seems a little petty to me . 
  it reminds me of when i was studying computer science and students in my class formed cliques based on what programming language they preferred . 
  when one kid switched from jquery to angularjs , we were like `` that fucking turncoat ! '', 
  for no real reason . 
   as someone who gets to vote in both elections , i much prefer the 28 parties of the netherlands to the 2 parties of the us .
