  that 's not self-criticism . 
   there 's a counter cricle jerk every time i see a thread about how nice canadians are full of canadians talking about how shitty a people we are , how horrid we treat the natives , and how bad our history is . 
  there are canadians who do that sometimes , yes . 
  but the counter-counter-circle-jerk that results will be bigger . 
  and your subsequent comment validates exactly what i said . 
  you have an unrealistically negative view of the us and that lens you see things through its probably very important for you . 
  you then proceed to make a non sequitur :  considering that it worships violence to the level where ownership of guns is a constitutionally protected right equivalent to that of freedom of expression . 
  your country has a military . 
  that must mean you worship violence . 
  right ? 
  it could n't possibly be that people acknowledge the need for weapons for defense , and that just as your country has a sovereign right collectively to use weapons to protect itself , american citizens have a sovereign right as individuals to protect themselves and their families and conventional firearms are included within the realm of reasonable tools that can be rightfully owned to accomplish that . 
  you 're saying that just because the us has a constitutional right to own guns means that the us worships violence . 
  that 's a huge leap of logic , the kind of insane feat of mental gymnastics that anti-american idiots need to resort to in order to get their dose of us-bashing . 
  your bias against the us , lovingly nurtured by your media , motivated by your insecurity , completely bedevils your perception of reality . 
  you place such an undue level of importance on bashing the us that things like logic and fairness do n't factor in whatsoever . 
  your bias overrides your logic . 
  you have an unrealistically negative view of the us and an unrealistically positive view of canada . 
  just because there is n't a federal ban on corporal punishment in the us does n't mean that it 's widely accepted , or that `` beating the shit out of your kids '' is n't assault/abuse and therefore a crime in the us . 
  anti-americanism is fucking retarded . 
   canada : somewhat surprised . 
  probably because canada usually only gets enough attention to be praised , while people do n't scrutinize the country enough to criticize it . 
  also canadians you encounter will largely never discuss problems in canada because canadian society is engaged in a perpetual `` canada  usa '' circle-jerk and any self-criticism would just be an obstacle to more important stuff , like obsessing over problems in the us and brushing any canadian problems and negative traits under the rug , like the fact that first nations people in canada have worse quality of life than any other demographic in north america . 
   could n't possibly be that you are uninformed and blinded by idiotic nationalism . 
  or rather you 're blinded by anti-americanism and have a world view that does n't allow for opposing views , so you automatically conclude that someone is out of line because they take a position that you 're not mentally equipped to deal with , due to your own biases . 
   no everybody else must be wrong . 
  the popularity of ideas on reddit , and on specific subs dedicated to specific ideas , does n't lend any credibility if those ideas are false . 
  being brigaded by people or downvoted en masse does n't discredit me . 
  it 's a natural response people are having to their views being opposed . 
  [ a nice example , in this very comment section . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/650s7y/trump_says_nato_no_longer_obsolete/dg6n328/ ) - someone says something completely false . 
  - i provide evidence that proves them wrong . 
  they get upvoted , i get downvoted . 
  when shit like that happens all the time on reddit , when it happens to me it does n't affect me . 
  what am i supposed to do ? 
  say to myself `` omg these people who are insanely biased are downvoting me and insulting me for my political views , i should probably just stop believing facts so that i can avoid this in the future ! '', 
  / r/shitamericanssay in particular has a nasty habit of without fail , downvoting anyone who says anything positive about the us no matter how true , and upvoting each other when they brigade and say a bunch of false shit about the us in response . 
  you do n't have intellectual superiority , whatsoever . 
  you just have strength in numbers in certain corners of reddit . 
  that does n't make you right . 
  your comment directly contradicts the obscene levels of butthurt and alarm europeans had due to trump questioning nato . 
  the us was dragged into doing most of the work in the [ balkans ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20140826172028/http://www.library.eiu.edu/ersvdocs/4296.pdf ) and more recently in [ libya ] ( https://euobserver.com/defence/115650 ) . 
  both examples of europeans talking shit that they could n't back up , so the us came in , did most of the work , and got zero gratitude for it . 
  in fact , a very convenient thing for europeans is that when being bold , at least in word if not deed , is good politically , they will get praise and praise themselves . 
  when talk turns to action and the us ends up being critical , when any western intervention in terms of sanctions or military action begins to be perceived negatively , europeans will absolve themselves of any blame and point their finger at the us . 
  you 're not intelligent enough for me to be offended or concerned by that comment . 
  the fact that you 'd conclude someone is mentally ill because they do n't share your views says more about you than it does them . 
  yep , great news . 
  they wo n't have to bring up their military spending to reasonable levels and can continue to depend on the us for defense while at the same time smugly denying that they depend on the us for defense . 
   / r/shitamericanssay has a special tag just for him ffs . 
  oh , well that must mean i 'm doing something wrong . 
  a sub dedicated to pushing a bias against americans takes issue with an american who dares to defend the us and state facts that do n't align with their bias . 
  a sub that routinely vote-brigades and downvotes people who state facts , while upvoting anyone who says anything negative about the us no matter how false . 
  that means , what ? 
  that the sub is acting exactly how you 'd expect for a sub whose entire purpose is to be biased . 
  the fact that the sub is obsessed with me says a lot about how irredeemably stupid anti-americanism and that 's about it . 
  people like you ca n't rationally deal with opposing views on topics that are important to you , such as that the us sucks . 
   thank you for knowing my own country 's politics better than i do . 
  your claim about your country 's politics extended into making a claim , that you ca n't prove , that it 's all due to us pressure and to prop up a failing arms project . 
   the us created the jsf because the the f-22 was to expensive as it could not be exported due to the technology it contained . 
  the jsf was conceived as a way to create a cheaper alternative where development cost could be shared and cost could be kept down by spreading the production run over more consumers . 
  and because unless the us included its allies in a stealth aircraft project , those countries would never have had the means to develop and build stealth aircraft for themselves . 
  european fighters , even relatively new ones like the eurofighter , are only effective in any modern conflict if the us has first destroyed a countries air defenses . 
  the us including its allies in the f-35 program was mostly about giving them access to stealth technology . 
  the financial contributions from other countries are incredibly small compared to what the us has spent . 
   the us did something good , yes , but they did n't do it out of the kindness of their hearts , but because it got tangible benefits from it . 
  that is n't to hard to understand . 
  whether the us is doing it out of the kindness of its heart or not does n't change the fact that european countries are not paying their fair share . 
  regardless of us intentions , it does n't change how pathetic europeans are for depending on the us for defense in such a profound way . 
  if i have a roommate and i have to cover his rent so we do n't get evicted , my act of charity benefits myself , but it does n't change the fact that my roommate is a freeloading piece of shit . 
   that effectively revoked art . 
  5 what are you talking about ? 
  trump did n't actually revoke article 5 . 
  he does n't have that power . 
   he effectively changed this into ' i will only come to your aid if you spend the amount of money i feel you should . ', 
  that is an effective revokation of art . 
  the us president saying something does n't change the legal and legislative force behind article 5 . 
  no steps have been taken by the trump administration to actually force congress to change its ratification terms for the nato treaty . 
  us delegates in nato have not tried to change the language of the treaty . 
  article 5 has not been revoked . 
  your argument is so excruciating stupid it is incredible . 
   that 's the reason why no one made a big deal out of european countries not spending enough money except for this clown yeah , except the former [ us secretary of defense ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/gates-rebukes-european-allies-in-farewell-speech/2011/06/10/ag9tkeoh_story.html?utm_term=.cf06d6a0aacf ) , as well as [ european military leaders themselves . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-35561449 ) you think this is a new issue simply because the effect trump has on any issue . 
  lots of people , both in the us and europe , have had concerns for a long time about the us being given a disproportionate responsibility for the alliance , with europeans not contributing their fair share . 
   the spending commitment is a future goal , not something to be met immediately , meanwhile a us president is handing out fake invoices to world leaders [ you 're gullible . 
  ] ( http://thehill.com/homenews/news/325938-german-government-denies-receiving-nato-invoice-from-trump ), 
   oh , so we are spending 5 billion on a plane we do n't actually want and does n't actually fulfil our needs out of free will , and not at all because you americans pressured us into buying it to prop up your failed arms project ? 
  everything you just said right there is completely nonsensical , false propaganda . 
  you mean the us created a joint program for the f-35 because otherwise our european allies would have zero ability to provide stealth aircraft for themselves in the age of advanced aa systems and stealth aircraft being developed by russia and china ? 
  let 's look at libya . 
  the western intervention to topple gaddaffi was depicted by europeans as a european endeavor and yet the us had to use stealth aircraft to attack gaddafi 's air defenses , that were n't even particularly modern , otherwise european fighters , that lack stealth , would have been shot out of the sky . 
  the f-35 as a joint program exists as a way for the us to provide stealth aircraft to our allies so they wo n't be as completely ineffectual and worthless in any future conflict . 
  your comment is a hilarious example of how much people need to lie to themselves to appeal to their need to always belittle the us and rob it of credit . 
   this , of course , has nothing to do with the us fulfilling its own foreign policy objectives of keeping communism out of western europe and binding western europe to it , but was all done out of the kindness of your american heart ? 
  you would n't apply this standard to any other country . 
  the us ca n't be acknowledged for doing something good , ever , because the us benefited from it in some way . 
   1 ) the us spends an absurd amount of money on its military the us spends as much on its military as it needs to to fulfill its vast defense obligations and to compensate for the weak military dependents it has as allies . 
   2 ) we buy your weapons instead so you do n't have to spend as much money on keeping your arms industry operational . 
  apparently you missed the part where i showed you how unimportant european purchases of us weapons is to the us arms industry and the us economy as a whole . 
  you 're very confident in your incredibly nonsensical ideas . 
   the issue is n't that trump raised the issue , the issue is that he made a serious blow to the credibility of nato by making art .
