  and while blacks and latinos in the us have higher pisa scores than blacks and latinos in any other country , they still do poorly compared to whites and asians , even when they otherwise excellent and well-funded schools , and this brings down the national average in the us . 
  then people , either due to anti-americanism or political correctness , ignorantly blame the us education system for this much more complicated social and cultural issue . 
   the uk is moving more towards an american style type of government , as opposed to the more `` socialist '' in finland where you get good education no matter where you live . 
  that is the reason . 
  not immigrants . 
  finland is the whitest country on the planet . 
  your comparison only proves my point . 
  you compared the uk , which has much higher rates of immigration from the third world and higher minority rates , to finland , which has just about the most strict immigration system on the planet and is about 99 % white . 
  then you pretended , incredibly obtusely , that the only difference is educational policies . 
  that way you can praise finland and bash the uk , and the us most importantly . 
  you want to depict your country 's educational performance to some high-minded trait and you ca n't admit that there are extenuating variables that give finland an advantage from the onset . 
  you 're either denying the relevance of demographics in educational performance because to do so dishonestly serves your biases , or political correctness prevents you from accepting reality . 
  race and immigration absolutely affect educational scores . 
  if nothing about finland 's education system changed but it saw a huge influx of immigrants who had a lot of children that flooded their education system , their scores would go down . 
  it is easier to educate a homogeneous population than it is to educate a country with loads of disadvantaged minorities with different cultures and different social issues . 
  the quality of education is n't the only thing that affects national average test scores . 
  demographics , rates of immigration , where those immigrants come from , socioeconomic status , lifestyle etc. . 
  example : if there 's some kid who prefers to smoke weed over doing well in school , it does n't matter how good his teachers are or how well funded the school is . 
  there are a lot of cultural variables in play that affect education performance . 
   advanced as in based on capitalism advanced as in being the [ most scientifically impactful nation ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20150703203736/http://www.realclearscience.com/lists/top_10_countries_with_greatest_scientific_impact/1_united_states.html?state=stop ) in the world . 
  if that came from capitalism , does that mean it does n't count ? 
  every technology you 're using right now is provided to you by capitalism . 
   without social security yep , there 's no social services of any kind in the us . 
  you 're totally right . 
  all of our tax money goes to our military . 
  oh wait , never mind . 
  i forgot about that whole [ reality thing . 
  ] ( https://media.nationalpriorities.org/uploads/total_spending_pie,__2015_enacted.png )  ruled by a woman hating self centered idiot ? 
  i did n't vote for trump but i do enjoy watching people mindlessly regurgitate talking points about him , proving to me , if not themselves , that they 're gullible and simply act out their programming . 
  someone says something false about the us : perfectly fine . 
  someone states facts about the us in response : omg americans are arrogant . 
  you have it set up that either americans have to agree with unrealistically negative propaganda about the us , and your views go unopposed , or americans take issue with it and you just say americans are arrogant . 
  that way you always win and never have to entertain the possibility that the us is n't as bad as you want to believe it is . 
  you live in an intellectual vacuum where you ignore and isolate your views from opposing perspectives . 
   muh irrelevancy . 
  you know someone is absolutely deranged when due to their need to make an argument that appeals to their biases , they say incredibly idiotic stuff like that the us is `` irrelevant '' . 
  yes , the most advanced and economically powerful nation to ever exist is so irrelevant . 
  the us is barely holding together you say ? 
  you 're very easily swayed by the media . 
  and how is the whole world knocking on your door ? 
  the us is the most desired destination for international migrants in the world . 
  the us is still the most advanced , wealthiest , most powerful economy in the world . 
  we live in the information age and the us absolutely dominates the tech and software industry whose products everyone relies on . 
  just about every technology you used to post your comment was invented in the us . 
  despite the eu having waaaay more people , the us has a larger economy and americans individually are wealthier than europeans are on average . 
  access to the us market and access to american technology is the single most important factor in whether or not a country will be successful . 
  i think you 're so accustomed to hearing only negatives about the us and only positives about the eu that you 're unaware that the us is not only far more powerful , but much of the eu 's power itself is based on its relationship with the us . 
  nobody `` relies '' on russia , they submit to russia . 
  either that or they look to the us as a friend instead of toward russia as a boss . 
  russia has never liberated a country . 
  not even in wwii . 
  they did n't break a countries ' shackles and end an occupation by handing a country 's rights and sovereignty back , they just simply took over those countries and subjugated them . 
  an `` out of the frying pan , into the fire '' type thing for people like the poles . 
  a major reason why i did n't support trump 's candidacy is that he indicated that he 'd abandon countries like poland . 
  the poles have had enough of being fucked over and if all it takes is a few thousand us troops and a few billion dollars to make sure they do n't get raped by history again , it 's worth it . 
  nobody , in my opinion , has been betrayed in recent history the way poland did in wwii . 
  they were n't defended by their allies in a meaningful way when germany invaded . 
  the soviets were in cahoots with the germans , and when the soviets `` liberated '' poland ( after having originally invaded it in coordination with germany ) , they just replaced brutal nazi rule with brutal soviet rule . 
  it 's really not that much of a burden to underwrite poland 's security . 
  it 's a huge thing for poland , but a very small financial commitment from the us . 
  we should do this purely out of how trivial it is for us financially . 
  it 's like $ 9 per american , per year . 
  i spent over $ 9 on caffeine today . 
  lol , you think a video from a tv show is proof of what exactly ? 
  tell me what was wrong with my comment and i 'll prove you wrong . 
  do it . 
  all you 're doing right now is demonstrating that you ca n't back up your points against opposition . 
  turkish people i 've met are some of the most liberal when it comes to social issues involving religion and free expression , even if they themselves are religious . 
  i worked with a turkish couple who are both muslim but at the same time got visibly angry when discussing what erdogan is doing in their country by legitimizing islamic influence in government . 
  they 're extremely religious on a personal level , but militantly secular politically . 
  turkey may be backwards in some areas it also has a lot of very enlightened people , more enlightened than many westerners , as evidenced by the results of those last two questions . 
  you might even argue that the influence of religion in their society has energized their secular sentiments because they 've seen how bad it can be . 
  i think it 's funny how incapable people like you are of rationally dealing with facts that do n't appeal to your biases . 
  you ca n't actually refute what i say , so you pull the cheap , easy `` lol ignorant american '' thing so that you do n't have to think , you can just react , convince yourself you 're right , and move on believing you 've won . 
  what about my comment is so heinously wrong that you could n't even respond and could only disregard it as ignorance ? 
  that the us leads the world in science and technology ? 
  that europe is militarily dependent on the us ? 
  you 're so unprepared to deal with opposing views that you think someone is ignorant for mentioning simple , undeniable facts . 
  here 's a hint : you 're the ignorant one . 
  the reason the movie has tom cruise as an american is not to rewrite history , it 's because they wanted tom cruise in the movie for sales , and he ca n't speak french or speak with a french accent . 
  small plot change = profit . 
   when you define power by old standards - yes . 
  economic , scientific , technological , and cultural power are old standards of power ? 
  the us leads the world in all these areas . 
   eu ( and so canada ) leads by principles and this is the only way in a global world for a bright future . 
  principles wo n't protect you from people who lack principles , or have opposing principles , and want to use force against you . 
   the dig waving `` we need big military '' shit is outdated and like 100 years behind ... you only think it 's outdated because you live in an era where us military preeminence keeps bad actors in check and protects the 1st world from existential threats . 
  us military power is what allows you to have the pleasant misconception that military power is n't important . 
  without the us underwriting the defense of canada , europe countries , and asian countries like japan and south korea , these very countries would have to spend more on their militaries otherwise they 'd be vulnerable to threats and/or unable to protect their interests . 
  you 're criticizing the very thing that is responsible for you being able to have your view of things . 
  it 's incredibly ironic . 
   would eu - canada - china - india & others on the way unite and agree to 100 % sanction everyone who starts a war on this planet than we would have world peace . 
  no country in the world could act against this - not even usa . 
  except ... if any of those countries sanctioned the us it would hurt them more than it hurt the us . 
  access to us technology and access to the us market are the most important things to any modern economy . 
  your little plan to end war is hilariously naive . 
  there 'd be a lot of people dragging their feet over sanctioning say ... china , for invading say ... vietnam . 
  people would look at their national interests and appraise china as being more important to them than vietnam , therefore there 'd be no sanctions . 
  but let 's not talk about hypotheticals , let 's talk about facts and recent history . 
  european countries were extremely hesitant to sanction russia for its escapades in georgia and ukraine .
