   a lot a preserved history does a lot for a country 's wealth . 
  [ national wealth  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_wealth ) usa : $ 86 trillion france : $ 12.7 trillion, 
  ah so you 're saying we should go back in time and create our nation earlier and build castles and palaces so that europeans ca n't make the hollow and petty criticism that our country lacks history . 
  europeans roll their eyes when americans gloat about landing men on the moon 40 years ago but apparently it 's ok to gloat about having stone buildings that are hundreds of years old as if that 's some sort of accomplishment . 
  it 's surreal how confident you are in your revisionist history . 
  the facts mean nothing to you , your only interest is coming to conclusions that jive with your preexisting , propaganda-based bias against the us . 
  you 're wrong and the facts are against you . 
  it 's that simple . 
  stop talking . 
  or ... abandon your delusions . 
  maybe that 's too much to ask . 
   you think you were important to ww2 and you say this . 
  the only type of person who would deny that the us was a crucially important contributor to allied victory in wwii is either a deranged idiot or a shameless liar . 
  which are you ? 
  seriously , if you repeated this nonsense you 're saying right now in an academic environment people would laugh at you under their breath and then kind of edge you out of the discussion like people do when your uncle is drunk at christmas and starts saying crazy shit . 
  you are 100 % patently wrong and any person with even a cursory understanding of wwii will tell you that . 
   they could have won it solo . 
  yep , because that huge soviet navy ( that barely existed ) could have defeated the japanese navy . 
   america and it 's disgusting revisionism can go fuck itself . 
  what 's disgusting is that you 're so insecure that you have to rape history to your hearts ' content to avoid acknowledging your dependence on the us . 
  not only did the us enter the war and turn the tide when the allies were getting stomped , the us forgave almost all the debt the allies accrued for material aid and then the us rebuilt europe , both ally and former foe alike , for free . 
  you 're being pathetic . 
  you 're allergic to the truth and are desperate to rob the us of credit for its accomplishments and contributions . 
   the us did fuck all to assist in ww2 , when you joined the war in europe it was already effectively over . 
  either you 're making shit up that you * want * to be true because you 're raging , or you 've been seriously misinformed about wwii . 
  the allies were losing on every front in every theater of war before the us entered the conflict . 
  it 's incredible that people like you can have such an utterly idiotic understanding of the war . 
  both the japanese and the nazis were a juggernaut before the us became a factor . 
  europe was under control of nazi germany , and the asia-pacific region was under control of the japanese empire . 
  brits were defeated and retreated from mainland europe [ at dunkirk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunkirk_evacuation ) and then failed to get back in to open a second front in the gigantic disaster known euphemistically as the [ `` dieppe raid '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dieppe_raid ) . 
  the british lost basically all of their colonies and territories in the pacific region , and had an absolutely embarrassing defeat at the hand of the japanese at [ singapore ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_singapore ) specifically , despite having defensive advantage and outnumbering the japanese . 
  this pattern of the allies getting thoroughly stomped only began to be reversed after the us entered the war with troops . 
  basically zero offensive progress was made by any allied nation until the us entered the fray . 
  you are delusional . 
   and the us had no help in the pacific ? 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  both great britain and china did more than you while you cowards were sitting it out until 1941 . 
  brits lost basically every single battle they fought against the japanese before the us took over . 
  the japanese strategy , as a resource-strapped nation , focused entirely on their naval conquests and their control over the shipping lanes so they could supply their industry . 
  the us basically single handedly liberated japanese conquests in the asia-pacific region and destroyed the japanese navy and its ability to have a logistical foundation for their war efforts . 
  the us did more than the british did in their own backyard in europe , while simultaneously leading , fighting , and winning a war against the japanese in the pacific . 
  the us received way less help against japan than the european allies received from the us against germany . 
  the us did the most in n. africa , the med , italy , and western europe while doing the most in the asia-pacific region . 
  the us was the only country in the entire war to win two simultaneous major regional campaigns . 
  and the us did this while supplying not only its own huge military but also supplying all of the allies with literally the majority of their war material , including the soviets . 
  let 's quote stalin himself , who is just about the last person who would benefit from admitting the importance of the us : [ ` the united states is a country of machines . 
  without the use of these machines through lend-lease , we would lose this war . ', 
  -- josef stalin \\ ( 1943 \\ ) ] ( http://www.amazon.com/russias-life-saver-lend-lease-u-s-s-r-world/dp/0739145630 ) your modern anti-american sentiments cause you to subscribe to a gigantic revision of history so that you can salvage your pride and avoid giving the us credit for anything . 
   hollywood and americanisation changed the narrative from `` ussr did most to defeat hitler '' to `` the us did most to defeat hitler '' . 
  what they asked people in that poll was n't `` who did the most to defeat hitler '' . 
  it asked `` who contributed more to victory in wwii '' . 
  the us fought japan on the other side of the planet with almost no hep while simultaneously doing more than any one else on the western front in europe . 
  [ look at this map of the deployment of forces on the western front  ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/persuit_to_the_west_wall.jpg ) simpson , 9th army ( usa ) dempsey , 2nd army ( usa ) hodges , 1st army ( usa ) patton , 3rd army ( usa ) patch , 7th army ( usa ) bradley , 12 army ( usa ) montgomery , 21st army ( uk ) crerar , 1st army ( canada ) the us did the most to liberate france , maybe that 's what french people emphasize ? 
  maybe it took the french time to realize the full details of the global war that took place once analysis was produced instead of basing their view just on what occurred from their limited perspective ? 
  maybe it has nothing to do with hollywood ? 
   well , it 's not just me , it 's europe and the world who see it while you guys do n't . 
  probably because you have an unrealistically negative view of the us and do n't actually understand americans as well as you think you do . 
  seriously . 
  you 're british . 
  you guys are easily just as arrogant and self-absorbed as americans , you 're just mad that we have more clout , and the fact that we do allows you to get away with pointing your finger at us for negative traits that you yourselves possess in similar or greater degrees . 
  the fact that other people share your irrational and hypocritical views of the us does n't validate them . 
   it 's often hard to see what others see from the inside mate . 
  it 's also hard to see the us objectively when your sense of reality is bedeviled by propaganda in which the us is given undue scrutiny and depicted in an unrealistically negative way to divert attention from your own negative traits which are often similar or worse . 
  you 're raging right now over something very small , and making grandiose political indictments of the us based on the development decision of a swedish company . 
  if you need evidence that your bias against americans is irrational and hysterical , there you go . 
   if that 's the case why is the kremlin incredibly butthurt by this move ? 
  if it does nothing to counter their missile doctrine then why cry about it ? 
  consider the nations that are hosting us missile defense assets : poland and romania , two countries that used to be subjects to the ussr as members of the warsaw pact . 
  russia still sees these nations , and several others in the region , as being the rightful subjects to mother russia 's matriarchal leadership . 
  they might even think that eventually russia can get them back into the fold . 
  by hosting important and sensitive us military technology in the form of permanent military installations , these countries now actually have a rock-solid insurance policy against russian aggression . 
  they are not to be messed with , because the us will be absolutely forced to intervene , if not for nato agreements but because the us is heavily invested in them . 
  russia is butthurt that its former subjects are choosing the us as a friend over russia as a boss . 
  that 's basically what 's really going on . 
  russia knows damn well that the missile defense system in eastern europe ca n't even come close to nullifying russian strategic nuclear capabilities . 
  it 's a shell game they 're playing . 
  the us missile defense system in eastern europe does not work that way . 
  it ca n't be used to destroy icbms in their boost phase , it can only be used against warheads in their mid-course or terminal phase when they are just inside of or outside of the atmosphere . 
  us support for georgia is a joke . 
  i 'm not saying there are no valid reasons for supporting them , but when russia invaded georgia in 2008 the us did almost nothing . 
  russia called our bluff . 
  we support georgia in some ways but not enough to actually defend them in a meaningful way . 
  giving weapons to saudi arabia is inexcusable , but not israel . 
  do n't get too excited . 
  this is only concerning the growth over the first 3 months of this year . 
  the us has had and still probably will have higher yearly gdp growth . 
  also : us unemployment rate : [ 5 % ] ( http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/lns14000000 ) eurozone unemployment rate : [ 10.2 % ] ( https://ycharts.com/indicators/eurozone_unemployment_rate ), 
  only over the course of one quarter ( 3 months ) . 
  important part of the article to consider :  and europe 's lead over the u.s. could evaporate just as quickly . 
   `` the u.s. number seems to be the customary outlier to the downside at the start of the year that will be followed by a stronger second quarter , '' said holger schmieding , chief economist at berenberg . 
  yearly us gdp growth has been and still most likely will be higher than that of the eurozone . 
  i might be wrong , but i feel like there is some camera trickery to accentuate the light in pictures like this . 
  i doubt that it would look like this with naked eyes , if you were actually in orbit on the iss . 
  give it to us raw , and * wriggling * . 
  that 's a bit hypocritical considering your flag . 
  if the us does something , fuck the us . 
  if the uk does the same thing the us does , fuck the us . 
   well , that 's basically the kicker . 
  the uk signed for it in the treaties of rome and maastricht . 
  i may be wrong , but i 'm pretty sure that the treaty of rome was all about economics and not politics .
