  actually makes sense . 
  the germanic peoples populated mainland europe from scandinavia , via denmark , then south into germany , then spread from there . 
  that 's pretty funny that the top one is peace in europe , as if the eu accomplished that by itself . 
  never mind the fact that peace in europe was secured before the eu existed . 
  it 's an accomplishment of nato mostly , of which the us is the most important member . 
  this may irritate europeans , but the fact that a western superpower , who has the most powerful military in the world , has a huge presence in europe is a huge reason there has been peace in europe . 
  a blanket of security has been provided and there has n't been any reason for military rivalries . 
  of course , few europeans would give the us credit in a fair way in this regard because support for the eu is intrinsically linked to the perception that that the us is a rival that the needs to be countered . 
  it 's a funny irony . 
  europe and the eu specifically has benefited immensely from a cozy relationship with the us , the eu probably would n't exist if it were n't for american post-war policies , and yet refusing to give the us credit and depicting the us as a bogeyman is how a lot of support for the eu is created . 
  `` we need to be the counterweight to those evil americans ! '' . 
  never mind the fact that it was the us that prevented european nations from fucking each other over after wwii in precisely the manner they fucked each other after wwi . 
  after wwi the us did n't have the power to stop reparations from being imposed on the defeated european powers , but after wwii the us did have this power and used it . 
  the french and the british wanted reparations from germany , again . 
  in fact , the french wanted to [ take german territory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monnet_plan ) and [ it was the us who prevented them from doing it . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monnet_plan#the_ruhr_area ) hard to imagine peace and unity in europe without the us being there to stop the animosity and economic pillaging that europeans were about to engage in , again . 
  i 'd wager that the people who said peace in europe is the greatest eu accomplishment are the exact same people who would n't give the us any praise for how it handled things after wwii . 
  italy is the best , and was about the last one i really honed in on . 
  made me laugh . 
   you 're living in the past , man . 
  i did n't bring that word into the debate , someone else did . 
   americans do n't see europe as rivals , they see it as old , perhaps lost . 
  they want to pretend the continent does n't exist . 
  i do n't find that to be the case at all . 
  the vast majority of americans i know have a very positive view of europe . 
  you say all that and yet since the end of wwii the us has encouraged european unity pretty much every step of the way . 
  after wwii the us gave huge amounts of financial support to european nations and lovingly nurtured the institutions that allowed for them to cooperate . 
  the us has pretty much unerringly supported the european union and american military strategists have been encouraging europeans to increase their military budgets for decades to reduce their reliance on the us . 
  it might be part of the european psyche to be paranoid about the us trying to undermine the eu , but aside from trump saying some crazy shit recently , us foreign policy has never indicated anything that would resemble an american aim to weaken or `` slow down '' the eu . 
   total collapse is unlikely but severe civil militant disturbances ca n't be ruled out , especially when trump is impeached . 
  you may think that looking at the us from an outsider 's perspective but i really ca n't imagine that happening . 
  i have family spread across several states . 
  some of them are super conservative . 
  some of them are trump supporters . 
  none of them are `` militant '' enough to try to overthrow the government . 
  the idea though that people would rise up against the us government because trump got impeached is actually pretty funny , because the majority of die-hard trump supporters are elderly people in their 60 's and 70 's . 
  all you 'd have to do is take away their blood pressure medicine and they 'd give up the fight . 
  i ca n't think of any scenario in which that rivalry between the us and the eu would result in war , so good . 
  let 's be rivals . 
  healthy competition is good . 
   my point is that the eu countries had no business doing that in the first place and was part of the reason why they got so little support in doing so . 
  you can say that about pretty much every military operation the western world has had since kosovo . 
  that 's not the point though . 
  for whatever reason , european countries thought it was necessary to get rid of qaddafi and they could not have done it without the us doing most of the heavy lifting . 
   by that logic the us needed europe to hold their hand in iraq and afghanistan . 
  requesting military aid from a military ally is not `` having your hand held '' . 
  it 's different though . 
  international participation in us-led clusterfucks like iraq and afghanistan mostly consisted of token contributions of troops . 
  a lot of that was political expediency and not tactical necessity . 
  it was about creating the appearance of an international , multilateral mission with a shared burden . 
  the us did the vast majority of the work , regardless , but needed allies so that it did n't appear like it was just the us waving its dick around solo . 
  in situations like the french involvement in mali , france did n't need the us for morale support , they needed the us for the unique capabilities the us had which contributed tactically and strategically to french aims . 
  you know , i actually hope the eu does become more powerful and more proactive in protecting its interests independently , because that means the us will have partners instead of dependents . 
  well , we 've been constantly on the verge of descending into race wars for like the last 100 years and each time something big happens it passes and our country does n't end up getting destroyed . 
  if you 're anticipating a situation where the us collapses from within , you should probably read about all the people who have predicted that very thing and have been wrong every time . 
   if you 're trying to argue without the us we would n't have been able to go on that adventure in lybia , you are not making a case for us needing us help , because clearly its just making us do really stupid shit . 
  hate to break it to you , but the western foray into libya was initiated by european countries , not the us . 
   except for mali apparently . 
  oh , mali , when france needed the us to hold their hand yet again ? 
   the supposed `` military dependance '' is based on purely hypotheticals . 
  or ... [ real world events . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/may/22/nato-libya-data-journalism-operations-country#data ) the western intervention in libya was depicted in the media as being a european endeavor , and [ yet the us did most of the work . 
  ] ( https://euobserver.com/defence/115650 ) european nations were not able to project force , even into a nearby country , without the us constituting the bulk of the essential capabilities that made it all possible . 
  the us used b-2 bombers and tomahawk cruise missiles launched from ships to destroy gaddafi 's air defenses . 
  this allowed european fighters , which universally lack stealth , to enter and operate in the air space without being shot out of the sky . 
  the us provided the majority of the intelligence , command and control , and logistics for the entire operation . 
  you guys have a lot of work to do then . 
  as it stands , europe is very , veeery militarily dependent on the us . 
   but when the eu objects as a whole , the us will not go forward with whatever it wants to do . 
  uh ... the eu is not a singular , monolithic member state in the un . 
  the eu is still made up of many different countries . 
  also i do n't know if you know anything about the us , but our country has no qualms about acting independently of any international group and doing whatever it wants , within reason . 
  the eu does not have enough power to stop the us from doing anything . 
  this may shock you , but the us has a lot more influence over the eu than the eu does over the us . 
  the eu and us economy are about the same size but the us is still far more powerful than the eu in many areas . 
  are we ... arguing right now ? 
  about vaginas ? 
  if so i concede and admit defeat . 
  i really do n't care that much about how amazing thai prostitutes ' vaginas are . 
  i was making a borat reference . 
  our prostitutes are the best . 
  all the other prostitutes have vagines that hang loose like sleeve of wizard . 
  i 'm an american who was an exchange student at the university of turku for about 6 months . 
  finland is my favorite foreign country . 
  i befriended a bunch of other international students but a lot of local finns as well . 
  lots of drinking . 
  i can only recall learning two finnish words : perkele and suomi . 
  i learned them in that order . 
  what was funny is that i could actually pronounce `` perkele '' somewhat properly so finns i studied with and hung out with would introduce me to their friends and family and tell me to say it for them . 
  they really got a kick out of an american saying their special word . 
  i kind of felt like a circus performer doing that all the time but it was also weirdly charming . 
  finns ' eyes would light up and they 'd laugh about it , which seemed like an accomplishment to me because how many finns i encountered that were super cold to strangers . 
  anyway , on the outside finland may seem like a pretty sterile place and finnish people might seem outwardly antisocial , but i felt like i got to scratch of soft underbelly of the country and see the people when they let their guard down . 
  i had a lot of wild and unique experiences there and met a lot of interesting people . 
  also , what i find to be funny and scary at the same time is how many finns i met who absolutely hated the shit out of russia/russian people . 
  even the ones who could n't explain why ( aside from the obvious : the winter war ) just had like this overarching , almost instinctive cultural disdain for russia . 
  any time the subject would be brought up , like drinking a vodka from russia , it would make finns kind of bristle and try to assure me that russia sucks . 
  a lot of the finns that did this had been conscripts in the finnish military and it seemed like they were trained specifically to repel another invasion by russians . 
  just an interesting quirk . 
   but it is definitely not `` 10 % of the military capacity '' .
