  this is why people like trump are pissed at mexico . 
  the mexican government and society support and facilitate crimes committed against the us . 
  let 's not even talk about drug smuggling that many corrupt politicians in mexico benefit from . 
  as for why trump has focused on putting tariffs on mexican goods to pay for the wall , i imagine that 's because mexico itself has lots of tariffs on us goods and using trade as leverage is probably likely to cause a bigger economic impact in mexico overall . 
  it will hurt their export market . 
   lol , trump has been attacking europe and liberal views every for months if not years . 
  and europeans have been lambasting the us for far longer . 
  the moment an american leader criticizes the us-eu relationship , europeans freak out like thin-skinned hypocrites . 
   do n't elect a fascist clown as president if you do n't want to critizised trump is not a fascist . 
  no policy he has implemented in anyway justifies throwing around emotionally-charged words like that . 
  people believing trump is a fascist is a product of propaganda and says more about the people who believe it than it does trump or the americans who voted for him . 
  and i 'm sure you find nothing odd about the people who are obsessed with bashing the us constantly , while depicting everything about the us and americans in the most unrealistically negative way possible . 
  it 's weird how propaganda against the us is fine with you but the moment something about your country is criticized you get butthurt . 
  all it would take is to intercept the illegal , tax-free remittances sent to mexico by mexicans living in the us illegally . 
  another witty and compelling counterargument . 
  you 're on a roll . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about and your anti-american bias makes you incapable of seeing any topic that involves the us in an objective or factual way . 
  notice how in my comment you replied to i had a link that actually validated what i said and your response was `` sure thing donald '' ? 
  you 're proving that facts mean nothing to you . 
  you operate based on your bias and not any intellect you might otherwise have . 
  you could n't provide a counterargument , you just made a cheap , easy rebuttal . 
  you 're not an intelligent or intellectually honest person whatsoever . 
  `` any time anyone says anything that disproves my negative views of the us , i 'm going to bring up trump . 
  that way i win and do n't have to think thoughts ! '', 
   in one hand the euro is a menace to the dollar as a reference currency not really . 
  [ the euro 's share of international currency reserves is n't that much larger than the deutsche mark was , and the us dollar is still easily the world 's default reserve currency . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/global_reserve_currencies.png ) there 's no trend going on right now that would indicate the euro will surpass the us dollar any time soon . 
  the us is more financially sound than the eu is . 
  pretty much every major eu country has greater external debt relative to its gdp than the us does , and the shit with greece and other issues does n't exactly inspire confidence . 
  you completely made that up , i guarantee it . 
  republicans control the federal government right now so democrats are almost powerless in terms of legislative opposition to trump . 
  so they 've rallied their allies in the mainstream media to wage a war on trump by demonizing every single thing his administration does , without contextual or fair analysis of any kind . 
  it 's not just confined to reporting on trump . 
  they also give media amnesty to bad actors on the left , like the `` anti-fascist '' terrorists who attacked people last night who went to see milo yiannoupolous speak at berkeley . 
  the media is shamelessly distorting the facts and carefully concocting an interpretation of the events to avoid , at all costs , criticizing their political allies , even those who are disruptive and violent . 
  it has become apparent that the campus police and city police were ordered to stand down by the democrat mayor of the city , specifically so that a riot could occur and they can blame it on the `` right-wing extremist '' speaker instead of the actual extremists . 
  lots of use of the word `` protests '' , no mention of what it actually was , a suppressive act of violence . 
  this is the first time in my life time where i 've seen political violence in the us and it 's 100 % the fault of the liberal media . 
  they 've created it , nurtured , and now they 're defending it from criticism . 
  people in the mainstream media , with straight faces , are likening trump and his supporters to hitler as a way of justifying violence against them . 
  they 're supporting groups of people who have attacked innocent people at political events to intimidate their opposition . 
  that is an actual hallmark of fascism . 
  no mention of the obvious irony in the left-wing media . 
  what we 're seeing is political violence as a retaliation against views that are actually mainstream , and the liberal media is falsely characterizing those mainstream views as fringe and extremist so that they can obfuscate the issue and legitimize violence committed by their political allies . 
  the soviets did n't liberate anyone in wwii , they conquered them . 
  they 'd had to cross europe to spain with their military which would have been bad for everyone . 
  so the us protecting western europe from brutal soviet invasion and occupation is wrong because you had a dictator in spain who may or may not have been worse than the soviets ( probably not ) . 
  so the us should have sacrificed the independence , democracy , and economic success of its european allies who were n't under dictatorships , so that the soviets could possibly replace a dictatorship in spain with a communist puppet . 
  your political views are certifiably bananas . 
  you 're now criticizing the us because it did n't let the soviets sweep westward across europe and assert control over spain . 
  wow . 
  `` omg like you 're responsible for our dictatorship because you did n't stand back and let the soviets invade us and every other country between madrid and moscow ! '', 
   you just said why they didnt do an ussr , which btw worked great for them ... 
  the reason it did n't work great for the ussr is because of geopolitical opposition from the us , and economic incompetence in soviet leadership . 
  the us frustrated their plans to dominate europe and enrich themselves fully on the wealth of countries that would be under soviet domination . 
   im just telling you to fuck off , because your country is to blame for not stopping the dictatorship of my country . 
  i love how insane anti-americanism is . 
  when the us intervenes , fuck the us . 
  when the us does n't intervene , fuck the us . 
  it 's the us 's fault for not intervening to stop a dictatorship in your country . 
  it 's totally not the fault of the dictator himself and his support base . 
  you 're blaming the us for internal issues in your country purely because the us did n't stop them . 
  that 's like blaming someone for being a drug addict because they do n't follow you around and slap the syringe out of your hand . 
   and here we go , the classical american family analogie . 
  and the classic smug european inability to give the us credit or see the us in anyway except the most unrealistically negative way possible . 
  standard operating procedures : 1 ) never give the us credit for anything . 
  disregard good deeds of the us by applying an impossible standard that since the us gained from its good deeds , it does n't count . 
  2 ) always blame the us for anything , even the actions of others . 
   no , it wasnt altruism , it was `` gib them money so they dont turn into scary red '' . 
  everyone gained from that . 
  the us could have gained more if it truly was n't altruistic in its objectives . 
  the us could have dominated europe and siphoned wealth from both ally and former enemy alike in the way the soviets did and in the way the european allies wanted to do to germany , again , after wwii just like they did after wwi . 
  here 's a history lesson for you , . 
  after wwi the allies forced the defeated nations to pay reparations . 
  these not only damaged their economies but sewed the seeds of animosity . 
  the us was pretty much the only participant in wwi who opposed the reparations , certainly the most powerful one , but still lacked the power to prevent them from being put into effect . 
  after wwii , you 'd figure countries like britain and france would have learned from their previous mistakes , but nope , * they wanted reparations again * . 
  this time however , the us exited the conflict in a position of such power and influence that it not only prevented the petty post-war posturing that europeans were about to do , again , but the us ended up doing the exact opposite of reparations . 
  the us rebuilt both ally and former enemy alike through the marshall plan , and forgave virtually all the debt that was accrued by european nations both during and shortly after the war . 
  the economic conditions that might have caused wwiii to erupt in europe after wwii in the way that wwii did after wwi , were carefully eliminated by american leadership and influence . 
  it 's funny how so many europeans are so incapable of giving the us credit that they whitewash that history and use double-standards like `` but it 's not altruism '' to deny the fact that what the us did was objectively good and in essence saved europeans from themselves . 
  you should be grateful , but you 're not , because being grateful would disturbed your undeserved sense of superiority over the us . 
   the euro is a serious candidate to replace the dollar in world commerce ... this as always been a problem to the us . 
  if that were the case , how do you explain all the measures the us government has taken to prop up the euro , historically ? 
  during the financial crisis the us federal reserve allocated funds for the european central bank and european commercial banks . 
  the us did this again in the more recent european debt crisis . 
  it highlights the fact that the us has had a much more generous and supportive role in europe than many europeans will care to admit . 
  it 's a little silly that after practically unending support from the us , europeans now see the us as a threat solely because we have people in our government who are critical of the us-eu relationship . 
  it would be like saying your dad is a `` threat '' to you because he thinks you should grow up and become independent . 
  europeans have a really weird , bratty view of the us . 
  they rarely give the us credit or thanks for anything , blame the us for everything , while at the same time they get butthurt when americans signal that they might not continue give the eu unending support . 
  entitlement . 
  meanwhile one of the most popular reasons for supporting the eu is to act as a competitor to us hegemony . 
  the us seeing the eu as competition in the way that the eu is rooted in a desire to compete with the us , makes europeans hypocritically `` threatened '' . 
  and the us did by far the most to liberate france in wwii and rebuild them and the rest of western europe . 
  the us paid back every cent it owed to france for their war aid in the american revolution , while the us required zero repayment from france and other countries for aid the us provided during and after wwii . 
  the french did very little fighting in the american revolution , but they were crucial in providing supplies . 
  ** the us repaid them in full for all their aid . 
  ** the us did by far the most to liberate france in wwii , and the us provided loads of aid to france and other nations during and after the war and the us required no repayment for it . 
  ** france never repaid the us in any financial capacity .
