  europe still depends on russian fuel , they never placed the well-being of ukraine and the security of eastern europe over their need for oil and gas . 
  all the sanctions stopped well short of blocking imports of russian fossil fuels . 
  your plan will never work , and the idea that the eu , canada , china and india would ever follow along with such a plan gives those countries way too much credit that they do n't deserve . 
  trudeau 's smug attitude has no basis in reality . 
  the dude is grandstanding and is embodying the canadian inferiority complex . 
  his negative opinion of the us as a coping mechanism does n't account for the fact that canada is completely economically dependent on the us , or is because of it . 
  canada 's close proximity to the us is canada 's most important trait . 
  literally the majority of canada 's economy revolves around the us and canada benefits waaaay more from its relationship with the us than the us does with its relationship with canada . 
  canada has almost no influence in the world except by proxy with the us . 
  if canada did n't border the us it would n't be an important country in any way . 
  let 's be honest . 
  trudeau 's inflated self-image of himself and his country is completely unjustified by canada 's actual relative power and influence in the world . 
  i wonder how many of those people if polled today would change their mind , after all of the virtue-signalling and hysterical outrage about trump 's executive order . 
  also it should be noted that this poll question was concerning all muslim immigration . 
  trumps executive order only placed a 90-day halt on immigration from a handful of muslim countries , that only applied to 20 % of the global muslim population . 
  the top 5 most populous muslim countries were not on the list . 
  i 'd wager that if a country in europe actually had a legit muslim ban , it would n't cause even a tiny fraction of the controversy that trump 's executive order did . 
   say the dude who spend hours on / r/europe sucking his own murican dong . 
  you 're so full of yourself and probably so clueless about the rest of the word that you ca n't even comprehend that probaby 90 % of the western european do not see your country as an exemple or a goal or even a good thing for the world as a whole . 
  i 'm very familiar of how critical europeans are of the us , and that 's not what i have issue with in and of itself . 
  it 's when europeans , like yourself , in order to cope with your insecurity , depict the us in incredibly unrealistically negative ways and apply double-standards to the us in every regard . 
  my original comments in this submission were about how i find it funny that europeans who feign cultural superiority over americans are apparently not so superior that they do n't imitate american culture . 
  the us is innovating in all areas while europe is stagnating , and culture is included . 
  there have been very few global cultural developments in the last several decades that originated in europe . 
  there have been no inventions or advancements in technology in europe in recent decades that even come close to the constant progress the us is making in it and other fields . 
  these advancements have cultural implications and effects and europe is being very passive in this process , just absorbing whatever occurs in the us . 
  that , again , is not something i have issue with . 
  it 's when europeans who depend , utterly , on the us , have a completely delusional and undeserved sense of superiority over their american benefactors . 
   trump will be seen as the dusk of the american hegemony . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  that 's just your wishful thinking . 
  your insecurity-driven bias against the us is clouding your judgment . 
  to fantasize about about a scenario where the us lost influence is funny , because it 's self-defeating for europeans . 
  europe would either have to put forth a lot more effort to cope with a declining the us , or they 'd risk becoming completely feckless in global affairs , unable to protect their interests , and unable to keep up with global trends . 
   france is n't the usa , there 's no french exceptionalism , no french bloodlust , no french desire to be the world 's rulers , no french religious believe that our system is the best or should be spread around the world , no french universalism . 
  this is an example of when anti-americanism completely bedevils a person 's perception of reality . 
  you ca n't see yourself and your country critically because you assign negative traits , that you possess in a blatantly obvious way , exclusively to the us . 
   there 's no credit to take from the us . 
  the usa are the usa , period . 
  there 's so good and some bad , but in the end , the whole thing is a child from europe , was built by slaves and europeans who brought their skills , their language and their beliefs . 
  this is mental gymnastics you 're resorting to belittle american accomplishments . 
  you 're so desperate to preserve your bias that you take contradictory positions at varying points in time when the nuance shifts , so that you can maintain a generally dismissive attitude about the us . 
  on one hand the us is a `` failure '' ( a funny word to describe the most powerful and advanced nation in the history of our species ) . 
  you take pleasure in elevating yourselves above the us because you ostensibly see your country as more successful than the us . 
  then , later , in the same comment you made , you 're trying to rationalize or minimize american accomplishments by depicting the us as some sort of creation of europe . 
  your world view and your need to convince yourself of things that you want to be true , causes you to have an insanely idiotic and inconsistent perspective on things . 
  it makes you look like you have no intellectual integrity whatsoever and you 're just operating on auto-pilot , mindlessly acting out your anti-american programming and your jealous , bitter emotions like a thoughtless drone . 
   a mutated , ill-manered branch but still part of our tree . 
  you say mutated , i say enhanced . 
  people came from all over the world to the us because they were united by ambition and optimism . 
  this resulted in the us being the place where good ideas were realized , allowing opportunity that did n't exist elsewhere in countries that were hindered by pathetic adherence to tradition and shared heritage . 
  the us is humanity distilled , with more potential . 
   you just have a problem of ego . 
  it 's huge , like your asses , your cars , your country and pretty much everything in it . 
  you have an incredibly delusional , self-image dysmorphia problem where you ca n't reconcile your arrogance with your country 's actual standing in the world , especially in relation to the us , so you 've compensated by focusing your scorn on the us as a distraction from how inferior to and dependent you are on the us in reality . 
   yet , at the end of day , most french think that the american society is a huge faillure as a whole . 
  that says nothing about the us but says a lot about french people , namely that your insecurity about playing second fiddle to the us requires that you see the us in an unrealistically negative way to cope . 
   we , europeans , are the fathers and mothers of everything you claim to be specifically american . 
  ah , so you want to say that us society is a failure that you 're separate from , but at the same time you want to take credit for us successes . 
  anti-americanism is a fucking mental disorder . 
  your insecurity causes you to be delusional and to have a very schizophrenic view of the us . 
  lulz . 
  9/10 would wave my dick at you again . 
   i do n't deny that . 
  but there are many types of communism . 
  communism is simply defined as the believe that the means of production should be public ownership . 
  yes , and that can only be implemented * by being authoritarian * . 
  the government takes control and takes upon itself the power to enforce the ideology and in the process anyone who does n't want their wealth confiscated is oppressed by the state , often violently . 
  every time communism has been implemented in history , it results in a system where people who are successful on their own merits are seen as threat by the brainwashed peasants and by the power-hungry intelligentsia , so they are targeted for silencing , imprisonment , exile , or death . 
  communism invariably leads to authoritarianism . 
  you ca n't have `` equality '' among the masses unless you use coercion and violence to achieve it . 
  and the funniest thing about it , is that equality is n't even achieved , despite all the economic sacrifices and police state tactics , because people in the government concentrate power in an even smaller number of hands than what exists in a capitalist society . 
  instead of multiple competing parties , economic and political , vying for wealth and power , you have a system where there is a monolithic government that is above reproach and has no competition from anyone else . 
  in every communist society , ever , the people at the top lived waaaay better lives than the submissive population . 
  communism is a ruse . 
  all it does is concentrate power for a very small group of people . 
  everyone that is n't in power is equally fucked , but there is n't actual equality in power and wealth , because the people in the government control everything and benefit the most . 
  the cognitive dissonance about communism never ceases to amaze me . 
  no true communist . 
  communism is authoritarian , no matter what mental gymnastics people will resort to in order to pretend otherwise . 
  every country in history that has based its economic policies on communist tenets has become an oppressive police state . 
  that 's not because of capitalist sabotage , it 's because the communist ideology/system is faulty and the people who support it are incompetent and ideological instead of rational . 
  it 's an ideology based on a zero-sum outlook on the world , in which something must be taken . 
  one group gains , the other loses . 
  this is backed up with state-sanctioned force against those who targeted to have their wealth confiscated . 
  capitalism is a positive-sum outlook , that voluntarily economic exchanges lead to net gain . 
  this has been demonstrated as typically effective by the fact that capitalism has been responsible for the rising living standards in the developed world for a long time . 
  capitalism is a more effective system . 
  people who oppose capitalism are not only wrong , historically , but many of them thirst for a system in which they 'll be given something they did n't earn and that people who do n't think like them will be robbed of their possessions and power , and often their freedom and their lives . 
  - communism is a failed philosophy . 
  it fails every time it is implemented . 
  - doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results in the definition of insanity . 
  supporting communist and its satellite sub-ideologies , despite their collective terrible track record , is a patently illogical position to take . 
  communism inherently leads to tyranny ... every single nation to go down that road has become an oppressive shithole . 
  the person i responded to was dick waving , so i responded with my own dick waving . 
   i 'm curious about this . 
  have you lived in germany ? 
  yes . 
  6 months in germany , 2 years total in europe as a whole . 
  germany 's native culture is pretty much a relic of its aging population .
