  double standards . 
  the main pillars of anti-americanism are double-standards . 
  people love it when the us is robbed of credit for its accomplishments and contributions because people prefer the us to be depicted in exclusively negative ways . 
  it 's funny though because if we actually delve into this topic , the us did waaaay more to liberate france in wwii than the french did to win the american revolution , both in absolute terms and relative terms . 
  also the us repaid france entirely for all aid they gave the us during the revolution , while france was forgiven of basically all the debts it owed the us for aid during and after wwii . 
   because the americans take too much credit for their involvements in both world wars no . 
  anti-americans rewrite history to appeal to their modern biases and have generally adopted a worldview in which the us can never be given credit for anything positive . 
  it 's both a means of using revisionism to avoid acknowledging their dependence on the us , and a means of preventing their political bogeyman from ever being depicted in any but the most negative ways . 
  the us did by far the most to liberate france in wwii . 
  that is a fact . 
  look at [ this map of army deployments in western europe , specifically in the liberation of france , in wwii . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/38/21/79/38217913036737b70c2e0acb731b51e8.jpg ) hodges , 1st army ( usa ) patton , 3rd army ( usa ) devers , 6th army ( usa ) patch , 7th army ( usa ) simpson , 9th army ( usa ) bradley , 12th army ( usa ) gerow 15th army ( usa ) dempsey , 2nd army ( uk ) montgomery , 21st army ( uk ) crerar , 1st army ( canada ) de lattre , 1st army ( france ) people say france is responsible for the existence of the us , even though they did very little fighting in north america in the american revolution . 
  but if americans point out the fact that the us did the most to liberate france , people like you assume americans are just being arrogant . 
  it 's an example of the insanity of anti-americanism . 
  by the way , the us paid france back in full for all aid they gave the us in the american revolution . 
  the us however forgave basically all debt that france owed the us for us aid both during and after wwii . 
  [ the us had the largest economy in the world in the world as far back as 1913 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_regions_by_past_gdp_\\ ( ppp \\ ) #world _ 1 . e2 .80.932003 _ .28 maddison .29 ) in [ 1938 ] ( http://www.mnstarfire.com/ww2/history/economic/gdp1938.html ) , before the us entered wwii , the us economy was over twice as large as the next largest economy . 
  us gdp : $ 800 billion ussr gdp : $ 359 billion . 
   the u.s. taking advantage of the u.k. 
  in what manner do you think the us would take advantage of the uk ? 
  typically the smaller parties in trade deals benefit more than the larger parties , in relative terms . 
  simple math . 
  exports for example . 
  if the us is opened up to unfettered trade for the uk , that means uk businesses will have greater access to export customers in a country of 320 million people . 
  if the uk is opened up to unfettered trade for the us , american businesses will only gain greater access customers in a country of 65 million people . 
  i went to turkey in 2004 . 
  i thoroughly enjoyed myself . 
  most people i met were super friendly and their food and tourist sites were incredible . 
  i know several turkish people who have immigrated into the us . 
  i work with two turks pretty much every day . 
  they 're pretty rad actually . 
  super moderate and secular , and highly educated . 
  they all hate the shit out of erdogan . 
  one turk i know left turkey and came to the us the day after the `` coup '' took place . 
  that was his final straw . 
  from what i 've observed and gathered , turkey has a modern , secular culture that is currently being assailed by religious fundamentalism and tyranny . 
  it seems like an injustice to just dismiss turkey as an `` animal '' when it 's a complex country with loads of people who oppose erdogan and have generally enlightened political and social views . 
  the us has a large number of incarcerated people due to circumstance , not because the us sux . 
  1 ) the us has , by far , the highest rate of ethnic minorities out of any developed nation . 
  the majority of these minorities are blacks and latinos , who have high rates of crime not just in the us because of `` oppression '' , but literally every other country . 
  canada for example also has insane disparities between whites/asians and blacks/latinos/natives in terms of crime rates , but does n't have enough of these minorities to influence national statistics in the way they affect us national statistics . 
  the us has a disproportionate amount of crime as a result of demographics . 
  2 ) the us is a wealthy country with well-funded and professional institutions that arrest , try , convict , and imprison criminals . 
  although the us definitely has higher criminality than other developed nations , it does not have higher criminality than many developing nations that have lower rates of incarceration not because their societies are better , but because they do n't have the resources and institutions to respond to crime in their societies in the way the us does . 
  if someone is like `` lol , somalia has less of a prison population than the us !, 
  '' , that 's not because somalia is a safer , more civil society , it 's because they have a lot of crime but do n't have the institutions to deal with it . 
  tl ; dr people love to gloat about the high rate of incarceration in the us , and usually draw larger , grandiose conclusions from those statistics , but they always refuse to address the fact that the us is in a somewhat unique position due to its demographics and its ability to incarcerate . 
  a similar situation happened when the us captured iwo jima from the japanese . 
  the flag was raised at first in the middle of combat but nobody was there to document it , then they raised a new flag when photographers were there to make it look epic . 
  brands can influence or be a part of culture though . 
  an example of this being that if you walk into a starbucks in the us you 'll see hipsters with retarded clothes and unkempt beards typing shit on their macbooks . 
  apple is definitely culturally significant . 
  well excuse me . 
  i did n't know that the very mention of evil , demonic guns is unacceptable . 
  it 's a notable thing though for anyone who is interested in guns . 
  croatia is a small country but it manufactures the springfield xd and xdm pistols which are amazing handguns that are , in my opinion and many others , better than any german , swiss , austrian or american made handguns . 
   yes . 
  i 've seen every episode of both . 
  i 'm actually a fan of british comedy generally but the us office was such an amazing show that i ca n't understand how someone would prefer the original uk version . 
   this is how british tv works , though . 
  we prefer series with shorter seasons that are n't dragged out . 
  it was just right , the story wrapped up perfectly , they changed as people , they had completed their arcs , they had completed their wishes , and they had a relatively happy ending . 
  that is how british tv works . 
  there are shows that stretch out for too long but there are also shows that have a great concept that is squandered even though it could have resulted in a lot of good material . 
  i never got the feeling that the us office was going on for too long . 
  i have however seen british shows that ended way too abruptly . 
  [ utopia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/utopia_\\ ( uk_tv_series \\ ) ) for example . 
   being longer does not mean a show is better . 
  right , but being better * and * longer is better . 
  if i show support for israel it 's purely political and has nothing to do with the fact that i have a jewish family history . 
  i think israel is a rad country to visit but i 'm not spiritually bound to it to the point of irrationality . 
  i have no connection to israel . 
  i want it to exist and that 's about it . 
  are you saying that because you actually believe the uk office was better , or are you allowing your political biases to warp your judgment ? 
  the us office is one of the greatest shows of all time . 
  not because it was american , but because it had better actors , better writing , and lasted more than 14 episodes . 
   what would even be the purpose of such a huge building ? 
  the nazis thought they would create an empire that would last 1000 years . 
  they wanted visible , physical totems of their power . 
  the buildings they wanted to build would n't have been practical , but they certainly would have been impressive to behold . 
  that 's what they wanted . 
  a lot of empires in history have done similar things . 
   also , you created rock and roll , we perfected it . 
  you created the office , we perfected it . 
  i have no allegiance to israel whatsoever . 
  i am not an israeli . 
  with that said , i do defend israel often but that 's not because i identify with judaism or with israel , it 's because a lot of anti-israel propaganda is pure bullshit . 
  but ... with that said , israel does a lot of fucked up shit and they 've exploited and swindled the us on many occasions for example and it pisses me off . 
  israel got military technology from the us and sold it to china . 
  even though a lot of people in the us feel aligned with israel , israel is looking after its own interests first and foremost and i think americans should look after our own interests as well , even if israel does n't like it . 
  rock and roll , jazz , and hip hop are n't european culture and yet are extremely popular in europe anyway . 
  stop appropriating my culture , plz . 
   dunno why you even played that jewish card when you even aint a pure jew . 
  pretty much everyone on my mom 's side of my family is jewish . 
  i have family members who were victims of the holocaust . 
  i have distant cousins who live in israel and wear kippahs every day . 
  i 'm not a practicing jew but i am ethnically about half jewish . 
  it does n't define me or dictate my behavior but it 's part of my family history . 
  i eat bacon , wear hugo boss , drive fords , and get down with jesus .
