  i think it is . 
  there was kind of a revolution in military developments over the last 30 years due to advancements in technology and european militaries did n't really keep up with the us . 
   in fact , i highly doubt that the usa has the capacity to defeat the eu militaries in europe . 
  what are you basing that on ? 
  are you basing that on troop numbers ? 
  also what is the scenario ? 
  the us invading europe ? 
  i hate to break it to you but the us is already in europe . 
  in fact , the us is a foreign power and yet it has the most powerful and advanced military in europe . 
  not in numbers , but definitely in capability . 
   that is a very misleading statement . 
  it focuses on some very specialised areas , like air tanker refuelling , airlift capacity . 
  which are very important capabilities in modern warfare ...  but the manpower , tank numbers , equipment quality , artillery , training etc of the eu armies is very much above `` 10 % of the us '' . 
  right . 
  the eu actually has more men under arms than the us . 
  the eu also has more assets than the us in some categories like mobile artillery and armored vehicles . 
  this does n't equate to a proportionately higher military capability though . 
  war is n't that simple . 
  consider for example the fact that the us is the only western country that has operational stealth aircraft . 
  the us has b-2 stealth bombers and f-22 stealth air superiority fighters . 
  if eu nations had more conventional , non-stealth fighter jets , would that really mean that the eu has more air capability than the us ? 
  france has definitely engaged in some low-intensity conflicts , like the current situation in mali , for example , but the uk has joined the us in legit high-intensity combined arms warfare like in the gulf war in 1991 , the invasion of afghanistan in 2001 , and the iraq invasion in 2003 . 
  the uk has specifically organized its military to project force over long distances and to destroy other well-equipped militaries . 
  france has not . 
  to bring up libya again ... 
  i do n't know if people remember , but it was france who was talking the most game about getting rid of gaddafi . 
  in reality , the us and the uk launched all the long-range cruise missiles that destroyed gaddafi 's air defenses . 
  this is basically `` kicking in the door '' to clear the way for allied aircraft to operate in the airspace . 
  if france tried to deal with libya alone , they would have had basically zero ability to deal with the air defenses . 
  libya actually had advanced anti aircraft systems . 
  if france tried to fly its rafales into libya before that , they would have been shot out of the sky in droves . 
  the foundation of the western world 's defensive capability is the us military . 
  the uk military is an extension of that . 
  the uk can roll with the us in a major war , but pretty much nobody else can . 
  france and germany are very , very far behind in a lot of key military technologies . 
  you know what 's a funny fact that probably makes russians angry ? 
  the amount of countries that broke away from russia and willingly joined nato . 
  poland for example . 
  or the czech republic . 
  it 's pretty obvious that a lot of countries would prefer the us and the rest of the western world as a friend instead of russia as a boss . 
  those countries joining nato is as big of a diss against russia as it would be a diss against the us if canada told the us to fuck off and became allies with china . 
  the dutch navy is pretty small and inconsequential , but dutch pilots are some of the best in the world . 
  i 've rarely seen this reported in the media , but in the war in afghanistan , the dutch provided a lot of close air support to isaf forces . 
  aside from the us , the netherlands did more close air support missions than any other coalition nation . 
  in fact , i remember reading that the only country that provided close air support for us forces , aside from the us itself , was the netherlands . 
  part of this was due to the fact that the dutch tend to be super fluent in english so they could communicate effectively with american forces on the ground , but another reason was that the dutch pilots were pretty much the only other nato pilots that went through the same standard of training that us pilots went through . 
  i have a friend who is in the us marine corps and he was deployed to afghanistan 4 times . 
  he said that royal netherlands air force f-16s did close air support for his unit quite often . 
  some people might actually look at that picture and conclude something like `` see !, 
  we do n't need the uk * that much * '' but looking at the numbers of specific types of naval vessels does n't account for other factors that are relevant when actually discussing military capability . 
  this might make people angry , but the combined forces of the eu have far more men under arms than the us , and in many cases more military assets , and yet the entire eu combined only has [ 10 % ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20140826172028/http://www.library.eiu.edu/ersvdocs/4296.pdf ) of the military capability the us has . 
  consider that . 
  numbers do n't mean everything . 
  the uk has by far the most professional and most experienced military in europe . 
  the loss of those those types of ships from the eu does n't accurately depict the loss of british expertise . 
  this is not an exaggeration : within nato , the only country that can actually contribute in a truly meaningful way to us military operations is the uk . 
  [ look at the recent western intervention in libya . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/may/22/nato-libya-data-journalism-operations-country#data ) that military operation was depicted in the media as basically being some sort of pan-european operation and yet the us and the uk did most of the work . 
  the eu without the uk is way , waaaay weaker from a military standpoint . 
  that is a fact . 
  i think it 's pretty funny that you 're miffed that an american dared to have an opinion about europe . 
  europeans discuss us politics all the time , even when they do n't understand the issues whatsoever . 
  it seems like mainland europeans who are bitter about brexit are hoping that the uk economy falters . 
  that 's pretty pathetic . 
  that 's like breaking up with someone and hoping that they fail in life . 
  `` you do n't want to be with me ? 
  how dare you ? 
  i hope you lose your job and get cancer ! '', 
  oh 41 % of belgium is made up of other white europeans . 
  tell me more . 
  the minority rate in the us is about 40 % . 
  the only other western country that comes close is canada , whose minority rate is only about 20 % . 
  i would . 
  i work for a company that sells a lot of its products to other countries . 
  an overvalued us dollar means our products are artificially expensive in the countries we 're trying to sell our products in . 
  say what you will about problems in the us , but no other country in modern history has united such a large number of geographically , culturally , and demographically disparate groups in the way the us has . 
  that may get me downvoted but it 's a fact . 
  i understand what you 're saying , but how many of those bangladeshis arriving in europe had anything to do with that decision to refuse myanmarese refugees ? 
  my neighbors have a bigger bridge in their backyard . 
  actually if i 'm being honest , it 's about the same size . 
  but whatevs . 
  yes , let 's create a superior life form , introduce it into our ecosystem , and give it power over us . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  that really depends on how you define diversity . 
  there are countries in africa , where basically everyone is generally from the same country , that are considered to be more diverse because of their tribalism . 
  that 's a shitty way to determine diversity in the modern sense . 
  the us , where people are from all over the world , is considered less diverse than an african country where the natives are all from the same country but have different tribal identities for different villages that are otherwise ethnically identical . 
  if nothing about the us changed , except our society was less politically cohesive and people in different towns started identifying themselves by their town and had stupid rivalries like that , the us would be considered more diverse according to those studies that compare diversity . 
  the us may not be the most `` diverse '' country in the world , but the us is undeniably the country in the western world that has the most minorities as a percentage of population . 
  that is what is important in the debate about equality . 
  the countries that tend to have the most equality are countries where the native or majority population has a bigger majority than whites in the us do . 
  say you 're comparing the us , that is 60 % white , 13 % black , 17 % latino , with the remaining 10 % being very diverse , to a country that is 90 % white , with its remaining 10 % people very diverse . 
  it does n't matter whether or not you want to talk about `` diversity '' . 
  the us is a much less homogeneous country . 
  also , just for posterity , every time i 've seen people on reddit use studies to say the us is less diverse than any other country , the raw data that is being compared does n't divide say ... white americans in terms of their ancestral origin like german american , scottish american , italian american etc. . . 
  it 's classifying the us as `` white americans '' , `` black americans '' , `` asian americans '' etc. . . 
  if people in a country in europe see themselves exclusively through the lens of their national identity ( british , french , polish etc. . . ) the eu appears to be an organization designed to rob them of their national sovereignty and take away their self-determination in favor of whatever benefits the eu provides . 
  some people might decide that those benefits are not worth losing their political independence . 
  this is not debatable : in exchange for being a member of the eu , a country has to abandon some of the control it would otherwise have over its own affairs . 
  i 'm not saying that bristly nationalism among europeans is better than support for collectivism via the eu , but it 's very obvious that some people would logically want their country to be individual and distinct within europe and not have its affairs in anyway decided by people who are not elected exclusively by the citizens of that individual country .
