  ok , so first off , i believe that the us should grant visa-free travel to all citizens of the eu . 
  let 's get that out of the way first . 
  however , you have to acknowledge that even if the eu sees all of its member states as being one political entity , with the same rights of travel and all that , you ca n't deny that this is a new development and that the us is n't being entirely irrational by applying different standards to western european countries and eastern european countries that have vastly different levels of border security , anti-terror ability etc. . . also , even though the us is being depicted as a belligerent bad guy in this issue , people in the eu have been calling for laws that require americans to apply for visas to travel to the eu as well . 
  i was under the impression that tony blair is extremely unpopular and basically a political liability to anyone who associates with him . 
  galileo . 
  galileo figaro , magnifico . 
  as an exchange student i went to poland in early december of 2005 and the weather was fairly mild and that disappointed me . 
  i was a teenager and i was n't that smart , but i just had this mental image of poland being an arctic wasteland during winter . 
  getting off the train and being perfectly comfortable in 3 layers of clothes was anti-climactic . 
  hunter of elk , lover of women , and [ sovereign of the arctic . 
  ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/russia-claims-463000-square-miles-arctic-territory-359829 ), 
  give me an example of nazis being elected . 
  also , just to make your position clear , do you have the same sort of problem with communists getting elected ? 
  what would you think if the us banned the communist party ? 
  democracy should n't use scary words like `` nazi '' to describe people who have anything but the most perfectly conformist , politically correct view of things . 
  the vast majority of people who are called nazis in the western world are not even remotely similar , and in fact , the kind of authoritarianism that existed in nazi society tends to be demonstrated by the people who want to silence `` nazis '' . 
  in the us , the antifa group 's mo is to use intimidation and violence to disrupt events where opposing views are voiced . 
  they 're like the sturmabteilung . 
  your comment is so insanely idiotic that it 's surreal . 
  a democracy is not a democracy without freedom of expression . 
  the ability to freely express your political views is necessary , otherwise the democratic process would n't be valid . 
  `` you have freedom to say what you want , as long as i agree with it '' . 
  that 's retarded . 
  another example , in a long list of examples , of a country choosing the us as a friend instead of russia as a boss . 
  because fuck the us , that 's why . 
  russia ca n't be arsed to have more than one foreign bogeyman . 
   it sounds like you have a huge grudge with canadians and have an anti-canadian sentiment yourself . 
  i 'm not `` anti-canadian '' at all . 
  i 'm criticizing a behavior and a belief system that i 've witnessed that a lot of canadians , and canadian media organizations , demonstrate . 
  i 'm criticizing a behavior and a sort of political ideology , not a nationality . 
  if canadians do n't demonstrate the insane anti-americanism and the accompanying lack of self-criticism that often goes along with it , i 'd have no issue with them . 
  if i meet a canadian and they 're friendly and do n't poison the moment with smug nationalism , i will treat them as kindly as i would a person of any other nationality including my own . 
  my critical view of the state of the canadian worldview has n't prevented me from having positive experiences with canadians , by the way . 
  again , i live in a border state . 
  i meet canadians all the damn time . 
  pretty much every time i go to a bar i will encounter someone with a bc accent . 
  when canadians are n't talking about their view of the us and canada and how the two nations compare , they 're often , but not always , pleasant as fuck and fun to be around . 
  the problem is not canada or canadians . 
  the problem is the cultural force within canada that encourages canadians to have an undeservedly arrogant attitude about canada and an absurdly negative perception of the us . 
  ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic and arrogant at the same time or if i 've heard conflicting stereotypes . 
  i think that just makes you normal . 
  i mean , i 've always had a thing for fierce french women even if they 're not conventionally attractive . 
  that 's just straight up a map of europe as far as i can tell . 
  is this supposed to be a heartwarming , `` i love you just the way you are ! '', 
  type thing ? 
  i preferred the snarky maps that made political jabs . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not an actual concern . 
  almost a quarter of the us population is catholic . 
  adding 3.5 million catholics would n't be a big deal . 
  in all seriousness ... 
  i 'm a hunter . 
  i 've killed deer , elk , coyotes , feral pigs etc. . . 
  the seal hunt however , even if looked at in the most logical way possible , is a hideous thing . 
  people walking around beating sea dogs ' heads in with clubs . 
  even if you support the practice and believe it 's a humane way to kill seals , you have to admit it still looks * really bad . 
  those are n't the only states we could combine . 
  arizona and new mexico . 
  same fucking place , separated by an invisible line in the ground . 
  if you 're driving through and you do n't see the `` welcome to ... '' sign , you 'll have no idea . 
  all the houses are beige and it 's hot as fuck . 
  washington and oregon . 
  again , same place . 
  culturally the two states are identical . 
  rainy hipsters in the west , parched rednecks in the east . 
  north carolina and south carolina . 
  people from those two states will assure you that they 're different , but from an outsider 's perspective ... nope . 
  same shit . 
  we could probably whittle down 50 to a much lower number . 
  the us has puerto rico . 
  we have a caribbean island paradise within our political union and we never think about it . 
  also we kind do n't want to give them statehood because 50 is such a nice round number, 
  i remember it very vividly . 
  grand okanagan resort swimming pool . 
  a chick from alberta literally said that to my friend when he was talking to her and her group of friends . 
  my friend asked if they wanted to go out with us that night to hit up the bars , they said they do n't want to hang out with americans , my friend commented on the fact that they were listening to american music , which he found to be ironic giving their bitter anti-americanism , they did n't like that , one of them dropped that gem of ignorance in response . 
  there were probably 30 people at the pool , lots of people heard it . 
  most people just smirked or laughed . 
   you 've met many canadians , have you ? 
  a lot , yes . 
  i live in a border state . 
  i 've lost count of how many times i 've been to canada . 
  i meet canadians all the time . 
  i 've worked with canadians for years . 
  my brother was engaged to one . 
  i hung out with her family . 
  canadians are usually so invested in depicting their country as better than the us , as a way of creating pride and coping with their national inferiority complex , that they have very little tolerance for any information or perspectives that either show the us in a positive way or show canada in a negative way . 
  and if anything shows the us as being better than canada , in any area , canadians basically wig out and have an existential crisis . 
  it is very , very important for canadians to create pride , always at the expense of the us , that they have n't developed healthy self-criticism . 
  sooooo many canadians i 've met in canada would start talking shit about the us and performing autofellatio on canada the moment they detected that americans were present . 
  it could be something as stupid as `` lol you guys have a paper dollar '' to `` you cunts deserved 9/11 '' , but usually manifests itself in claims like `` lol we burned your white house down '' ( completely false ) or `` you realize your country sucks right ? 
  the world loves us and hates you '' . 
  completely unprovoked in every situation . 
  if americans did that to visitors , it would be considered bigotry and incredibly pathetic . 
  when canadians do it , they just think it 's how you 're supposed to treat americans , because americans suck . 
  if americans did it , it 's ignorance . 
  if canadians did it , it 's at very worst just light banter . 
   canadians i know are constantly complaining about their country and criticising it . 
  `` lol , we like have a lot of moose and beavers . 
  lol . 
  i 'll retire to my igloo now ! '',
