  ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/files/golden-dawn_salute1.jpg ), 
  i eagerly await the usual suspects outside of greece sounding the `` austerity or kicked out of euro '' alarm at least once every 12 hours , just as they did during the last election . 
  anyone with any sane view of the situation knows this is a false dichotomy , for many reasons . 
  3edgy ? 
  the actual general attitude is `` once the killing begins , us can be world police and do whatever it wants to get its way . '', 
  crimea was a militarily strategic site which russia coveted and could not give up under any circumstances . 
  they did anything and everything possible . 
  believing this was about * protecting russians * is to fall for their propaganda hook , line and sinker . 
  we can discard anything related to this out the window and focus on the real reasons russia has for intervention . 
  it seems western media is doing not doing that , given all the scaremongering about russia going after moldova , eastern ukraine , even * current nato nations * . 
  putin is not a stupid person , the situation in crimea is happening the way it is for a very specific reason , the whole `` protecting russians '' thing being used as a rhetorical backup . 
  the same is true of kosovo . 
  it represents a very significant military site for the us in a very anti-us region . 
  the us did anything and everything possible in that situation as well , including breaking all previous precedents for independence movements as well as supporting the drug/organ-trafficking mafia kla . 
  us intervention in kosovo , just like russian intervention in crimea , was done primarily for militarily strategic purposes , and they stop at nothing to achieve their aims just like the russians . 
  the only difference is that the us in kosovo had the political support of the european union . 
  the us ' line of `` ethnic cleansing '' * is the equivalent of putins `` protecting russians '' line . 
  and for those who say `` well , there was a war there , even if it was n't ethnic cleansing '' : to support this rationale is to support us foreign policy which allows them to intervene in every conflict that occurs on this planet . 
  * which are entirely falsified claims with regard to kosovo . 
  ethnic cleansing did not ever happen in kosovo , the serbian government targeted the kla specifically , not albanians as a whole . 
  i 'm sure ukraine looks forward to being a source of cheap labor for europe . 
  it is pretty much widely agreed that austerity has lengthened and worsened the recession in greece , with hardly an end in sight . 
  and throughout the process , neither seemed to have budged in the slightest until pretty much every economist in the world ( except the austrians ) screamed bloody murder . 
  but this is n't about russia cutting off the gas . 
  this is about an embargo of russia , meaning europe choosing not to buy russian gas . 
  i wish good luck to a europe without russian gas . 
  they will need it . 
   what military reasons does the us want kosovo for ? 
  it has military bases in almost every country in europe , i struggle to find what major advantage kosovo would bring it . 
  having one right next to serbia , in a region which is probably the least pro-us in europe is absolutely an advantage . 
   it 's not even a stretch to believe genocide was a possibility if not in effect already you ca n't justify intervention based on the * possibility * that genocide is happening . 
  genocide is a serious charge which requires proof beforehand . 
  otherwise it 's either paranoid delusions or propaganda to support imperialist action . 
  nor can you justify intervention because `` well , violence is happening in the vicinity , and we have nothing to do with it , but we must intervene to ensure the side we support wins . '', 
  especially if it means supporting known terrorists who traffic drugs and human body parts into europe for the majority of their funding . 
  people who support the kind of things said in your post are what make us foreign policy what it is today . 
  suuuure . 
  the majority of deaths in kosovo were targeted kla . 
  to believe otherwise is to blindly accept western propaganda . 
  us wants kosovo for military reasons , russia wants crimea for military reasons . 
  it 's more complex than that , but really this is what both situation boil down to . 
  countries do n't have to be big or remembered . 
  this graphic is the result of a complete acceptance of the russian story that this is about `` protecting russians . '', 
  this is bullshit . 
  the russians have a strategically located base in crimea that they were concerned with given the revolution , which is why they are going to the lengths they are for this `` protection of russians . '', 
  unless all these other places also just happen to be militarily strategy locations , i would n't expect any russian action in them . 
  golden dawn is openly fascist . 
  edit : i guess the guys led by a person who praises hitler as `` one of the greatest leaders of the past century '' ( actual direct quote ) are n't fascists . 
  it sounds vaguely familiar to the us media reporting how lybian rebels were fighting the state military with pickup trucks and rockets made from traffic sign posts and somehow putting up a fight . 
  * suuuuure . 
  russian gas is very persuasive . 
  `` you get a part time job , and you get a part time job , everyone gets a part time job ! '', 
  uhh , thanks ? 
  the issue being controversial does not change the fact that there must be some correct answer , and that evidence is currently piling up overwhelmingly on one side . 
  no , let 's play this absurd game by expanding the goalposts just a bit further . 
  capitalism is a system of private ownership of property . 
  therefore , it allows people to own things to the exclusion of others . 
  therefore , it is possible for people not to have the things they need to survive . 
  therefore , every death due to hunger in a capitalist country can be attributed to capitalism . 
  therefore , capitalism is the deadliest ideology . 
   the entire establishment will vote to stay in opinions can radically change once the ideas are put up for direct debate . 
  see : scotland independence referendum result compared to opinion polls just one year before . 
  i 've seen a real divide depending on the flag people set as their flair . 
  it seems that most countries are 50/50 , the dutch and finns are strongly against the greek government 's actions , germans mostly against but less than the other two , and the greeks ( duh ) and irish most supportive . 
  this is not quantitative at all , nor is it some `` the truth is in the middle '' bullshit , but it 's just funny to see how much different perspectives matter in forming opinions . 
   horseshoe theory aka `` only liberals and social democrats are legitimate , everyone else is the same , there is no such thing as violent centrist political positions . '', 
  this is n't a serious political science theory , its updated cold-war propaganda . 
   greek debt is ( well , was , before syriza came to power ) projected to fall , both in gdp precentage terms and in cash terms . 
  projected by who ? 
  if we 're talking about eurostat projections or imf projections , they 've been underestimating the impact of austerity in their projections since 2007 . 
  what international law defines a s a state is irrelevant , because that is a collection of private property defending entities calling themselves whatever they want . 
  we may as well call north korea a democratic peoples republic while were at it . 
  besides , the definition provided here is one provided not by the left but by locke and hobbes , probably the most prominent liberals in history . 
  the monopoly on violence definition does n't play out when gangs and autonomous communities exist . 
  i think this definition has it backwards . 
  the border are not formed before the state , so the primary function of the state would not be to protect borders . 
  heck , there are states today without clearly defined borders to `` defend '' ( see : israel/palestine , india/pakistan , cyprus ) . 
  that also ignores the history of imperialism , where the state was not only responsible for defending the borders but expanding them as far as possible . 
  the only real constant through the entire history of what we call `` the state '' has been its defense of private property . 
  there has not been a single state which did n't defend it , which is why i find your example hard to beleive . 
  as a disclaimer , when i say `` private property '' i mean `` allowing people other than the laborers who work with productive capital to own said productive capital , the output from the production process and control over the production process . '', 
  even the soviet union falls under this definition , as `` the government '' is not `` laborerrs who workw with productive capital . '', 
  since then americans have shown more willingness to protest things than ever before . 
  i think it worked out pretty great . 
  the nap is the most logically flimsy concept ever . 
  here is how it would play out in ancap spcoety : billionaire with a militia : `` your house is now mine , you can leave peacefully or my hired men will kill you . '', 
  average person : `` b-b-but the nap ! '', 
  billionaire : `` fuck you , i have the guns . 
  throw him into the dungeon ! '', 
  i also love the insinuation that the group of anarchists that * is n't * almost exclusively white , almost exclusively male , almost exclusively upper class , almost exclusively american college kids is the special one . 
  no , forget that your `` anarchism '' was formed less than 40 years ago , while ours almost two centuries ago and has international appeal to the point where about 99 % of anarchists are anticapitalists , its * us * that are the exceptions . 
  what is `` free '' about a system which espouses private property `` rights , '' an inherently violent and exclusionary practice ? 
  if you define a state as simply `` rulemaking body '' then sure . 
  but the state has a particular function which in an anarchist society a rulemaking entity would not : the defense of private property . 
  this is the primary function of the state , above everything else that 's what it is there for ( do n't believe me ? 
  then go check out the most ardent supporters of a state from a philosophical perspective , locke and hobbes ) . 
  an anarchist society would abolish private property , so by definition they do n't have a `` state . '', 
  whoever is studying and not looking for work is typically not included in the labor force , so that does n't matter . 
  so let 's privatize the most profitable lottery in europe , shut down a profitable national tv news station , gut healthcare until there are major shortages in even the most basic medicines , and slash the minimum wage below poverty levels !, 
  because corruption !,
