itt xrisavgites shedding delicious tears . 
  ill talk about it for you . 
  good . 
  ah yes pasok , the party formerly run by imf employee of the year papandreou and which signed away sovereignty of the country to an ecb technocrat so wages , pensions and public entities could be sliced away to the point where people could not get access to basic healthcare . 
  much socialist , wow . 
  i know , but i was simply mentioning a party that fits the criteria you mentioned . 
  they propose replacing the eu with some vague `` workers ' europe '' ... i 'd guess it 'd be some sort of soviet-style organization . 
  i feel you have very little idea of what socialism really is . 
  i 'm sure you 'll say something related to stalin next , which has nothing to do with socialism and certainly nothing to do with syriza . 
  and the government has blindly agreed to all terms imposed by them rather than negotiating for more mutually beneficial ones . 
  syriza have stated they prefer to negotiate for terms with incentives related to economic growth rather than blind deficit reduction . 
  if the troika wants to play ball , the threat of default - which would harm the banks of germany who these austerity policies are meant to protect first and foremost - is an option . 
  i can guarantee they will not want that and would agree to growth related incentives or debt writeoff . 
  that 's easy for you to say . 
  i can guarantee it 'll be a hell of a lot better than what we have right now . 
  there has been literally no improvement in any important metric since 2007 . 
  austerity is killing us in ways no one else in europe other than spain is experiencing , it 's time to try something else . 
  the ability to govern is n't limited liberalism and social democracy , unlike what some here may think . 
  kke in greece, 
  ... and completely secular states like libya and syria . 
  the us ' ire falls on anyone who is n't in lock step with them when it comes to preserving their reserve currency , military and political hegemonies . 
  secularism and islamism are irrelevant . 
  tbh , i do n't think russia getting the 2018 world cup was a bad choice , if you only look at infrastructure , logistics , and football reasons . 
  golden dawn got 7 % , if 7 % is significant , why is n't 6 % ? 
  because you feel these elections are illegitimate since you 'd rather not be a governed by the ukrainian government at all . 
   6 % is still a significant number , and just being in parliament at all is worrying enough . 
  could this be a result of a low turnout among the opposition ( in protest ) , or is it a legitimate change of opinion ? 
  we 're the barca and real of unemployment . 
  us southerners can never catch a break . 
   i 'm not neoliberal at all , but funelling 56 % of gdp through the state seems a bit excessive to me . 
  it 's also not socialist at all . 
  center-leftism is n't socialism . 
  they were overwhelmed by islamic state even while the us was * already * delivering weapons to them . 
  they are useless military who hold control almost no territory in syria . 
  at this point it is better to back assad then to back the fsa . 
  the free syrian army is a nothing group . 
  consider them a defeated force at this point . 
  us is always overcompensating . 
  i wholeheartedly believe that if we all spam start9 the referendum will never happen . 
  in fact , we will remain stuck on september 18th , 2014 forever . 
  who is to say that working within the political framework will bring any progress ? 
  spain is already buying new riot gear that they will use to prevent the referendum from even happening . 
  i agree that the idea of keeping the british pound after independence is not a smart one . 
  however the referendum is about much more than just monetary policy , and even that can be altered if need be . 
  after all , they will have self-determination if they vote yes and can adopt any currency they want . 
  it woudl be better for them to use their own currency in my opinion , if their plan is indeed to export their oil . 
  the more natural fit for them would have been a coalition with labor on the basis of electoral reform . 
  it would have been a minority government though , probably lasting long enough to implement that and not much else before succumbing to another election ( one with proportional representation though ! ), 
  i 'm surprised we have n't had an olympic champion shot putter emerge from the thousands throwing flares and chunks of the sidewalk . 
  only slavery advocates could argue that human bodies are property . 
  the idea of self ownership is ludicrous and unjustifiable . 
  furthermore , people are n't microstates ; there is no definition in which a state is anything but a plot of land with borders with a governing body that has jurisdiction over said plot of land . 
  in your world the fruits of your labor are obtained violently and defended with violence or the threat thereof . 
  its exactly as how a state operates . 
  there is no private property without a violent imposition of ownership , from the owner themselves or from a state , otherwise anyone could simply take everything they wanted from everyone . 
  what exactly is to stop the most wealthy of your society from buying a bunch of mercenaries and taking your stuff ? 
  if said army overpowers the private law enforcement entities of the area ( or the person owns the private law enforcement of the area ) then the answer is nothing . 
  and so long as it remains a profitable venture , and in this society there always will be profit from it , it will happen . 
  your ideal society would start as several billion microstates and end up as some sort of feudal despotism . 
   what if i 'm the kind of anarchist that believes in private property ? 
  i just want to separate from the bullshit of the state and most of society i was forced to participate in and live in my plot of land in peace . 
  then you would n't be living as an anarchist , you 'd be the dictator of a microstate . 
  the explanation for why private property and anarchism are incompatible is really that simple . 
  if you 're an economist still championing austerity , seven years after a crisis in which austerity policies failed miserably in several countries , and given its prior history of abject failure in previous crises , you ought to be put out of your job . 
  perhaps then you will see personally why it does not work . 
   tax `` evasion '' ( fraud ) should be # 1 post of corruption fighting ( or maybe # 2 after bribery ) . 
  in fact tax evasion was the # 1 contributor to greece 's deficits , with over 10 % of gdp worth of tax evaded each year !, 
  did the troika suggest anything about it ? 
  nope . 
  instead we had a health services crisis where basic medicines were in shortage , the state tv channel under attack , minimum wage dropping to depressingly low levels and even profitable state entities being privatized . 
  the politicians tell us that we are improving every day , yet unemployment has been stagnant at over 27 percent for 18 months now . 
  the taste has nothing to do with it being halal ... 
  shots, 
   the imf needs to get its money back and it wants nations it lends to to make that money , which requires that they follow sensible if often unpopular measures . 
  politicians in nations like greece find it extremely easy to blame actions on the imf , and it 's true that some of them would n't have been implemented without the imf taking a hard line , but sometimes unpopular things are necessary . 
  they would be less necessary if the conditions imposed by the loans tackled the very real problem of tax evasion and political nepotism , which cost the government revenue to the tune of 10 % of gdp . 
  none of that was addressed in the loans . 
  instead we were given a minimum wage which is among the lowest in europe , a very real and very dangerous crisis in the health sector where basic treatments could not be made because of a shortage of doctors , privatization of even * profitable entities * like the national lottery . 
  it was hardly what was needed , the imf was extremely ignorant in its policy prescription because all it really wanted was to implement neoliberal economic policy . 
  germany has a mere 6 % of the voting rights in the imf and almost no control in the european central bank , right ? 
  and i 'm sure the ecb has nothing to do with this situation and certainly does n't consult with the imf , right ? 
   the world bank is a very different organisation to the imf they share very similar goals , only serving a different set of countries . 
  sure the world bank also gives loans to developing countries when they have some specific project they want to build , but when it comes to balance of payments problems the two have very similar approaches and in fact coordinate strategy together in many situations . 
  your assertion that they are totally separate just be repeating what their mission statements say ignores the very real ways in which they work together . 
  i do n't believe it 's about testing theories , because this austerity thing is not a new policy at all for these institutions . 
  given years of data from several countries in europe , and decades of trial and error in other countries through the world bank showing that it privatization and austerity are a blatant failure the imf has yet to reverse its course . 
  some previous attempts by the imf and/or world bank to test these theories : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_privatization_in_bolivia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malawian_food_crisis http://siteresources.worldbank.org/inteds14/resources/zambia_wp_post_privatization.pdf, 
  a supposed emergency lender meant to help countries get back on their feet , cooperatively run by several nations should not be imposing these conditions in their loans that affect everyone except those in charge of creating the mess in the first place . 
  instead it should attach positive incentives related to encouraging economic growth . 
  furthermore , they should n't be constantly meddling in national elections by spending each and every day openly threatening financial ruin to the country if they do n't go the way the imf wants them to . 
  in reality , the imf and the world bank are just fronts for the more powerful western nations ( especially germany in this context ) to extract resources from debtor nations for their private sectors . 
  that 's why i strongly welcome the alternative bank being set up by the brics . 
  while we can easily say that their bank will serve the same purpose for them , at least there will be competition over the distribution of emergency loans which could potentially bring more favorable conditions for debtor nations . 
  same laptop , did it in 2:01 and the capitals in 1:43, 
  it 's alright to be cynical about the imf , we have enough proof of their destructive acts and their power-grab schemes through privatizations and attacks on the working class . 
  there 's no reason to believe that they would n't treat ukraine the same as they have the rest of the so-called periphery when they have trouble paying their debts . 
  i never said there are no dead people , just that there was little to no chance it could be kept a secret . 
  well that validates my claim . 
  if there were dead people in crimea , the western media would be all over it . 
  [ really ?
