  i have friends that have jars with something like 40 liters of extra virgin olive oil ( rural area , close to where people produce it so it 's super cheap even by our standards ), 
  please name a few of them . 
  i 'm curious, 
  til i was borned old :\\ oh well a suit is always better, 
  spaghetti is the pasta type , not the sauce, 
  yes but to taste that you need to come here . 
  in greece i can find similar products , spain and portugal too . 
  but good luck doing that in norway or iceland . 
  to be fair if he pissed off the wrong family they will probably hire someone in another country to do the dirty work . 
  it 's does n't matter how far he is , it matter that they do n't know where he is, 
  ah jokes on you !, 
  you have n't seen our politics recently have n't you ? 
  on the other side , i can easily see a connection between bulgaria and italy ... we even have the same colors in the flag !, 
  it 's like forgetting that you need to be chinese to own a bar or a sushi restourant, 
  egiptian work too . 
  but stealing chickens is n't lucrative !, 
  not really . 
  `` alla bolognese '' is refered to the sauce . 
  it 's used with a lot of different type of pasta . 
  mandatory question . 
  what does the average italian look like to a foreigner ? 
  make sense . 
  then it 's not italian . 
  they usually speak a mixture of dialect and italian . 
  we use potatoes in our cooking too !, 
  a common ground !, 
  sweden is salmon and the thing we found at ikea that we have no idea what it is . 
  other northern country ... i actually have 0 idea . 
  drugs , yep , women , yep . 
  guns not really . 
  mostly the construction business . 
  building stuff . 
  yeah ... i do n't recall a single italian accent like that . 
  that 's how american portay second generation italian-american family members ... 
  might be an idea . 
  but i 'm quite sure that polar bear have their own ring . 
  plus it 's cold . 
  you can probably make more money in filand with a regular job tha by being a mastermind behind a crime empire . 
  it will even be hard attempting to bribe someone `` hey , hey , hey do you wan na ... '' finlander : `` meh '', 
  i 'm scared to think what you might associate as an italian accent . 
  we have a lot of diffent accent in our nation, 
  does n't really work like that . 
  only in some places the mafias still collect the bribe from local shops . 
  in most places , it 's too dangerous , people will eventually report them and make them collapse . 
  noe they handle more lucrative stuff anyway, 
  when i was in other countries many places tried to sell pasta `` alla bolognese '' wich is italian . 
  then of course , it 's like when people talk about japanese cousine and think they eat sushi all the time, 
  do n't we already ? 
  it 's not like north europe is famous for all their dishes . 
  at most 2-3 dishes for any country . 
  not a bad idea , it 's a very lucrative field but almost any crountry already have his flavour of mafia , with or without us . 
  apparently bulgaria is raising his status and it 's economy a lot in recent years . 
  to be fair i do n't see the referendum change anything of the sort for these fields . 
  do n't worry as an italian i have plenty of choice , i can open a pizza restourant or and italian one . 
  you compare the pund to the dollar not to the $ but i see that you are a troll not even worth my time, 
  to be fair . 
  if i 'm in another country i 'll avoid italian food . 
  not to be an asshole but i 'm in another country i 'll try their food . 
  on the other hand some people who lived in london for a while suggested eating in pubs for some decent level stuff, 
  i 've been to london many times , the reason why export is at an all time peak at the moment is the lower tax wich lower the cost of technological goods and the weak pound wich make the $ more powerful giving us access the same goods for less money . 
  plus at the moment the goods in uk follow all the european regulation wich means that they are exactly the same model you can find in a local shop . 
  the only thing i do n't like about london is the food . 
  but as an italian i 'm hard to satisfy in that regard . 
  lol nope . 
  it 's as weak as more than 30 year ago, 
  lol you are a joke . 
  not even good at trolling, 
  exactly like rome was n't built in a day a country that was once an empire do n't crumble overnight . 
  but you can see how the pound value is still pummelling to make an idea of where things are headed, 
  they = the uk , country . 
  it 's selling to foreign people , you know ? 
  like , the rest of fucking europe . 
  selling more help the local economy , in this specific instance it 's helping the uk to slow down the post-brexit referendum downfall . 
  farange is n't touring the eu to generate support . 
  he 's sticking to his european parlament spot to get that sweet sweet money . 
  but since you are tagged as briton troll i wo n't answer futher to your useless whining . 
  that change a lot actually . 
  if they are in the eu they can use the eu power to absorb the shock . 
  if they get out asap they will crunble under the weight of this decision . 
  but many people already speculated that brexit will not be done , the promoter of brexit jumped down the ship as soon as it sailed , people realized many of the lies they had been told . 
  the best of times . 
  the pound is weaker than ever, 
  this mean that they are selling more because the pound is weaker, 
  and they still have n't inked a50, 
  by lowering bank speculating in my country . 
  now they have sinking ship where they can speculate without a force of 20 + country to ensure that the boat stay afloat, 
  that 's the fun part . 
  maybe brexit will be a leassion for everyone that on matter of this caliber the common folk do n't have the knowledge to decide what 's best, 
  you mean see your economy shrink from an empire to the gdp of kazakistan in a 20 years span ? 
  good luck . 
  while waiting the inevitable i would propose another round of whisky, 
  only some briton thinks the opposite . 
  uk is a single country , they exit a coalition of 20 + countries and lose the deal they had , what did they think would have been happened ? 
  it 's less expensive to go to a tailor for your high fashion needs, 
  world cup final south america vs europe . 
  again, 
  not really russia us and china still have a good chunk of those . 
  lol , no us is not a single nation . 
  is a confederation of states . 
  pretty much any federal government is .
