  nah it would mean having to see another person closer than 10 meters away, 
  today we will crush reddit 's servers, 
  so this is why finnish people are always depressed ? 
  i 'm not talking about evening them out . 
  lower the common folk tax by 1 % , raise company taxes by 1 %, 
  theey said that in milan too back in the days . 
  that no construction should be taller than the duomo . 
  of course then they made a few palace taller in the 50s and now we have a number of skyscreaper . 
  the cool part is that there is a tradition of putting a copy of the duomo 's mary 's statue in any skyscreaper taller than it . 
  i do n't know if the tradition has been followed in the most recents skyscreapers, 
  you do n't ask that question . 
  as a rule of thumb norther italy is more industrialized and richer . 
  more services and infrastracture . 
  southers italy is usually poorer , cheaper and depending on where you are they rely more on tourism . 
  the landscape are really good and there 's the seaside that is gorgeous . 
  there has been political debates on north vs south for decades now . 
  th north also has easier access to the rest of europe since it 's closer . 
  why does the status in the first one doing curls while holding a rifle in the other hand ? 
  what about man of steel ? 
   they named their capital after us wait . 
  i did n't know that . 
  oh , ok . so they are attempting to buy more time . 
  raise the companies taxes and lower the employee taxes . 
   which begin in march they moved back the date again ? 
  did n't cameron said it was to start in november ? 
  this depend on how you are used to . 
  if in honduras the temperature never go lower than 10 \u00b0 than it will be ice age cold for you . 
  bring a good jacket . 
  god is all the help you need , this is what was not said by the architect of that church, 
  they does n't matter because they know they made a huuuuge hole in their ship . 
  not they will be attempting to close it before sinking, 
  one more , one more , one more . 
  but now you can try again, 
  well you see ? 
  we stepped up out games . 
  a few times since the drug circle . 
  we are so stepped up so much that if someone does n't point you where we are you do n't see us . 
  much more lucrative and less risky . 
  you mean you own ireland ? 
  we are simply removing the middle man , and the you are the one that started the opium war so ... 
  it 's not the aurora . 
  it 's the energy of the people for goku to deafeat whatever he need to defeat this time . 
  you are welcome , the only question is ... why the uk in europe again in the sidebar ? 
  what happened to iceland ? 
  did it re-emerge ? 
  why did mexico leave europe ? 
  it 's all about connecting the colonies to their owner . 
  you get back the us and they get back brazil, 
  they need to rotate the page 180 \u00b0 to read it, 
  so ... the uk is the place of drunk people . 
  did n't they stop with the lager with the whole ww2 thing ? 
  i recall your colonies not being happy with that title . 
  you should conquer them back to prove your point, 
  tried them both germany   uk sorry mate . 
  also , why the fuck do your pubs close so early ???? 
  you should n't worry about central america my fellow european friend . 
  why keeping it ? 
  you get back to your beloved colonies, 
  where will you leave northern ireland btw ? 
  you made a deal with the uk too ... do we need to attach your country to colombia ? 
  ok i 'll rephrase , we 'll take the redheads , you take the soulless gingers . 
  with a shovel , at the northern ireland border . 
  how will you pay the wall on the us border ? 
  i agree , we will gladly take all the female redheads . 
  we 'll leave you the male ones, 
  so it will now be stopped and consumed in the uk, 
  we need tacos, 
  they merged with the north pole . 
  wait , i was sure that mexico was the spain of murica, 
  you know what ? 
  let 's forget the black jack . 
  they merged with the north pole . 
  it 's fine it was always meant to end like this, 
  you can also give us your secret beer recipe so that we can put it in the endless list of our recipes, 
  since when portugal have jobs ? 
  i was almost sure it was the same situation of italy, 
  they want to build a huuuuuuuuuge wall around it and make the fish pay for it, 
  we 'll put you closer to your colonies . 
  you should be thankful . 
  you can always lower the value of the pound . 
  it worked great in recents months, 
  we should make a bigger bridge connecting brazil to portugal so that we can cut out the us, 
  i 've seen more redhead in lisbon in a couple of weeks than in milan in my lifetime, 
  we can move you between italy and portugal in the middle of the mediterrain sea . 
  but you have to cut out the land of northern ireland to move with the uk first . 
  almost like finding a briton in london, 
  not with that altitude, 
  germany have beers . 
  one more thing than the uk so ... 
  people allergic to cinnamon apparently, 
  using danish, 
  i wonder what happen at 35 . .40 ... 45 ... and so on, 
  last time i called that used bukkake girl [ s ] he stated it was wrong . 
  yes, 
  he already tried with brexit . 
  but people tought he was serious, 
  you know that they where n't a unified group right ? 
  can you read when i 've written that those that where against mussolini disbanded after his arrest ? 
  i have n't said them all . 
  plus you stated that they where all defeated in '44 and now you claim that they where a thing 4 years later .
