  you can always force them to pay to import their goods and services . 
  this is how tax where enforced before, 
  because they do n't care about you . 
  they care about the big money, 
  we where talking about castles not temples, 
  not if you do them right, 
  by walking up i expect you talking about using public transportation . 
  because actually walking there takes around 1 hour and a lot of sweat, 
  is the the initiatic well in regaleira ? 
  why not ? 
  close enougth but still not there, 
  finn are somewhat confortable close to each other if they are naked and the room is hot . 
  for unknown reason they call that kind of room a sauna, 
  you can keep your raindeer . 
  we have food over here . 
  / u/korplax the finnish doge, 
  we used it with a meaning . 
  not like this, 
  we can use our postal service so that the letter will be received sometime in the next century, 
  i think i need to refill the tank of my flametower . 
  it 's clear that many sweden are beyond salvation, 
  remove all form of ketchup from your kitchen before touching the all mighty pasta, 
  can / r/spain send the inquisition to sweden please ? 
  that 's because they do n't know how to taste food . 
  we are clearly the top dog when talking about food, 
  this is why this is a punishment for putting that ugly murican tomato based sauce on our glorious masterrace pasta, 
  i will close you in a tiny room with other people , and that room is not a sauna . 
  is this a war declaration ? 
  it 's not that hard . 
  she is over 90 but the ice keep her young forever ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  we have a deal, 
  yeah but now she have to show us that she 's able to master the making and the cooking of those spaghetti . 
  but then can the russian people read it without the font ? 
  like comic sans, 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  can we import some ? 
  we have good food, 
  can you keep two people in the same room without feeling awkward ? 
  your historical party are n't historical at all . 
  di you remember the fusion of forza italia in pdl ? 
  yeah it does n't even have 10 years . 
  it 's not a chicken vs egg story . 
  the answer is both . 
  in the last century nationals investment in the south has been more than the one in the north . 
  but the north had more total investment due to the private sector and for the regional investment . 
  in the south almost no private investment has been done and very little on the regional level . 
  we can give you the south of italy . 
  our economy will skyrocket, 
  wich was the opposite of what he said he would have done during the campaign to be secretary of his party, 
  because the referendum had nothing to do with economic stagnation, 
  not really . 
  but they are very populist . 
  the article the other reddittor posted is about somone that i think has been kicked out, 
  best case scenario . 
  nothing happen worst case scenario nothing happen . 
  more likely scenario . 
  another pm is elected in the pd and we go on or a technical government is elected until the new elections in a couple of years, 
  the north is very productive , i ca n't speak for the whole country but in milan you can see people making new companies and being business oriented all the time , events almost any week , and people pushing for more infrastructure . 
  in the south they are `` a lot more relaxed '' does n't want to take the initiative to change the things around them . 
  those who do after a while decide to move in the north where the different logic allow them to try with their idea . 
  how long have you stayed in both ? 
  because we tried for over 50 years to reduce inequalities , the problem is the difference of mentality between north and south . 
  in a place milan ( the biggest richest city of italy ) you can see a totally different logic from a place like naples or palermo . 
  in 2011 there was no 5 * your analisys is flawed . 
  also this is nothing compared to the crisis of 1993 . calling it the biggest crisis means that you have no idea of what you are talking about, 
  not really . 
  we voted towards having a system that allow the people to choose who represents them . 
  see , since the first berlusconi government they tried in many ways to make sure that people could n't elect directly the people , because this would put on faces that people trust and not the one they want to put ( the yes man ) . 
  nowdays they ( political party ) can elect who they want , but this referendum wanted to shove up the italian asses new rules to limit once again democracy attempting to sell us a system similar to the one in the us . 
  we answered with a big no . 
  nope , zero . 
  i do n't think . 
  he lost most of the credibility in the country . 
  very few people still support him . 
  but last time i tought it he won again so ... 
  `` i 'm not your friend '' - darkness, 
  he also wanted to change how the senate is elected and it would have ended in a fashion more similar to the us that what we have now . 
  the right wing was strongly against it because it would have made almost impossible for them to end in the government as things are now . 
  that 's the last 10 years . 
  also , sorry we do n't have a queen . 
  we are talking about brexiters and trumpers . 
  what else could you expect ? 
  he use of logic ? 
  sais the one called flappy boobs and no national flag, 
  like it is meant to be, 
  nope . 
  pandoro is winning every year . 
  like it is meant to be, 
  get out of europe you panettone lover . 
  oh , british flag . 
  take all the panettone before leaving , k thx bye . 
  you are welcome to join us on / r/italy and wear the proud flag of the supreme pandoro, 
  what did you say ?!?!?!?!?!, 
  team pandoro will win the christmas war , this year and all the years to come, 
  i 'm surprised that somebody is worse than us, 
  considering the number of people that upvoted it the question is , why ca n't you understand when a joke is a joke if you do n't like it ? 
  by making the north poor and the south rich ? 
  i 'm all against it ( i 'm fine with both rich tho ), 
  well ... from rome to naples i 've seen the worse driver in the peninsula . 
  but it 's like the rest of italy follow the rules , we are simply good at avoiding crashing against each other .
