  yeah you never studied history and you are making thinks up as you go, 
  i 'm not telling that all of these where brave , it 's a summary and skipping a lot of thing . 
  the partisan brigades where n't all wiped out . 
  in '44 there was almost no partisan because mussolini was arrested in ' 43 . 
  all the groups that where against mussolini self-disbanded soon after . 
  from how you write you sound like one of those `` forza nuova '' or `` casapound '' people . 
  more power means that they could have probably taken greece without the german help . 
  the campaign in africa would have been slightly more successful even eventually the war would have been streatched a little more . 
  the final outcome would have not been changed with us coming to war and dealing blows after blows without being retailed back would still have means the axiss defeat . 
  lol . 
  i 'm not saying that it would have let the axiss win the war , but probably prolonged it . 
  and in this perspective it was a good thing we where n't ready, 
  yes and no . 
  the allied took all the help they could get . 
  some mafia family where happy to help others where not . 
  this is also why they could export themself in the us, 
  germany helped italy in that front because it was supposed to be the easiest front but as stated above we where n't ready for a war and had too much trouble . 
  since we where german allied they could n't show that italy was n't ready and they decided to help . 
  in the eastern front we where again with germany it was mostly directed by the germans and we where mostly helping . 
  the treaty with the uk have a huge impact on portugal history and breaking it would mean losing the favor of a good chunk of people supporting the regimen . 
  plus salazar probably decided to use the treaty as an excuse to not risk losing his domain on that country . 
  this would have allowed him to gain enought time to decide later if getting into war at the axiss side ( if the uk had been defeated ) or stay neutral ( if the axiss where defeated ), 
  as always , it 's not that easy . 
  italy was quite a new country facing a lot of problems . 
  in the beginning they did n't care who control them . 
  he was doing some decent work and even if his method where unorthodox he had things done . 
  this kind of totalitarism was n't only an italian problem . 
  german had his own and portugal too , had his own version . 
  these three nations eventually got closer , politically speaking . 
  and in the beginning people where fine with it . 
  but there there was the problem of hitler wanting to expand his domain . 
  now portugal managed to stay neutral because , while they had the same political line as germany and italy they also had the oldest treaty with the uk so they could n't go against uk but could n't get with them either , so they played neutral ( wich mean helping both sides ) . 
  italy did n't really had such a treaty to use as an excuse and was unprepared for was . 
  hitler ammassed military forces but forgot to tell his allies to do the same . 
  so yeah we where dragged in a global war without the equipment and the mans to do it . 
  at the end of the day we only had a few fronts open in africa and some of our man helped the german battalions . 
  still people of italy now where n't happy . 
  especially some of the bravest mostly living close the alps started mounting a resistence against the fascist regimen . 
  they where mostly small groups disrupting the military reinforcement and derailing trains ( the ones full of jewish people so that they could escape ) . 
  then the allied come from the south . 
  and they worked with the resistence ( the resistence knew the territory much better and provided some intel ) . 
  mossolini falled and they gotten rome . 
  it would have been a nice end of story . 
  but do you remember when i said that italians soldier where helping german battalions ? 
  as soon as the news reached them many of these german battalions started to kill the italians soldiers labeling them as traitors . 
  the areas that where still with a german control started to see entire villages killed . 
  the order was to shot at kneecap height so that children where hit too . 
  so yeah by thet time the temporary government decided to side with the allied to try to regain control of the northern side of the country . 
  if you 'd like to read more on the subject there a wikipedia article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_resistance_movement, 
  influence in the eu . 
  yeah . 
  economic power ? 
  it 's simply a rank up in the eu . 
  not more money floating into our boats . 
  it was due to the second paragraph . 
  after the allied got into italy and saized the area the resistence groups somehow got control in the peninsula ( pushed by the allies ) . 
  people where n't happy with mussolini 's decisions of the war years ( we where n't ready for a war , much less for one of that scale ) . 
  after the resistance got into control they decide to help the allied . 
  so essentially they changed the group that controlled the country and said `` hey , help us , ok ? 
  we 'll help with the reconstruction ok ? '', 
  italy : `` ok '' i think this will sum it up a little, 
  yes and not . 
  as far as i know i do n't disagree with them 100 % they have the problem that their employee hire foreign labor force to pay them less ( more than in italy less than locals ) to save money . 
  italian people pay part of the taxes to ch and part their country . 
  this essentially means sending money outside of the country . 
  on the other hand , this is something that does n't work well with the free market they are part of , and without the free market ... well switzerland would be rich as they are now . 
  they are quite happy to import goods from us and to keep their wages up thanks to the low cost of the imported goods and imported money . 
  so yeah , it 's quite complicated . 
  the thing is that i was n't comparing it worldwide . 
  i was comparing it to the others european elites like germany uk or france . 
  in a worldwide scale we are doing pretty well . 
  in an elite scale ( because we are still the 4th eu economy and part of the g8 ) we are losing influence and economic power . 
  not anymore thanks to brexit http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/france-britain-uk-world-s-fifth-largest-economy-brexit-eu-referendum-a7123761.html they where always toe to toe so it 's not unexpected, 
  - lol no without free travel you will have to go the same lenght as people from let 's say the us to work in the eu . 
  meaning that some people will have to go back home . 
  same from european worker actually in the uk . 
  the european court of human rights have nothing to do with the european union . 
  it 's a different thing . 
  some nations not in the eu are part of it . 
  so it 's out of the scope of brexit, 
  we where with the axiss . 
  the allied came and conquered . 
  end of italy 's ww2 . 
  the thing that most people forgot is that in italy there where lot of resistance groups all over the country that fought against fascist and made it easier to invade the place . 
  because italy is the 4th economic power in the eu . 
  as of now th rankings are as follows . 
  de , fr , uk , it . 
  with uk out of the eu , it will raise to the 3rd place, 
  sadly as it unfolded with times . 
  italy was one of the best countries in the 80s . 
  fast forward 30 years and we lost a lot of what made it what it was back then . 
  this also means that they can reduce overtime compensation and and increase taxation as they please . 
  plus they have tracking coockies all over the web . 
  i 'm sure you will pay that many $ $ $ if it was for the penis, 
  plus zuckenberg profile is on a different server . 
  just to avoid people looking at his privacy . 
  you mean any flight right ? 
  lisbon is quite cheap, 
  well ... it 's still funnier with the wrong word but ok . 
  we can build new ones creating new jobs .
