bundestagswahl is that the election ? 
  because claiming that it 's anti gay will generate more visit, 
  wait for brexit . 
  many banking companies are planning exit stategies because being in the euro is better than the pound . 
  of course this will depend on the terms for brexit, 
  i do cook for myself . 
  but the basic ingredients are simply not the same in different countries, 
  nobody cared about your dramatic goodbye post, 
  fish & chips will always lose to pizza , get over it . 
  because we know that the food in your countries suck, 
  the problem is not the immigrant that does n't have a problem to integrate into the culture or that can be an engeneer . 
  the problem is the one that did n't study and do n't have a way to help the new country, 
  we have fake propaganda poster with rocco used as meme . 
  with slogan like `` they 've fucked us , now it 's time for me to fuck them '' or something similar, 
  at least she know how it feels, 
  we are good at fucking the thing up . 
  i was expecting the uk to be last, 
  they brexited so from their part it was looking at the referendum, 
  considering how long it will take i would say at least 2017 before it happen, 
  a popular movement will gain traction fucking up a 2 party system . 
  said party will slowly have his own scandals . 
  the big clown will lose credibility we have n't elected the last 2-3 prime ministers if i recall correctly . 
  faith in the politics is quite low . 
  the next referendum will probably fail as the question are made to intentionally include a good point and a really bad one in the same question . 
  the same happened with bush vs kerry . 
  the us voting system is studied to be rigged . 
  how can we fuck even more in less than a couple months ? 
   italian quartermaster looking at ww2 it 's not a good investment . 
  you can brexit the world now, 
  next is frexit, 
  i think there is a finnish merkel but when they explain the idea of shaking hands in politics she retired, 
  there is a black market for ancient art . 
  i agree with the last sentence but sadly these people always appear as soon as a disaster happen to steal whatever they can . 
  than that 's fine . 
  you know . 
  national identity is important, 
  another resource ? 
  gas ? 
   funny  german flag i was sure you can always have one of the two . 
  so , we need to find some oil in his country so that we can export democracy in turkey , right ? 
  the mainland, 
  this depends . 
  if the parlament vote with a secret vote , brexit will sink . 
  if the parlament vote with nominal vote nobody will want to go against the referendum and brexit will keep rolling, 
  for us , only since the election, 
  we have a keyword for that : brexit, 
   i 'm only 17 you ca n't claim time flies by . 
  see you in another decade . 
  iosonopier is forza nuova . 
  or casa pound . 
  i 'm not fun at parties, 
  and more colored, 
  lega is the forth party in the north . 
  pd , pdl and m5s all comes first . 
  looks quite large to me . 
  probably larger that the section of italy that is hitted by the earthquake so ... 
  it 's in the middle of the sea so ... 
  it 's the alien fault . 
  of course, 
  we in the north will be rich . 
  but maybe we 'll simply build a bridge, 
  nyan cat will be the next prime minister, 
  thanks . 
  so far only the center of italy has been hitted . 
  this one was close to the one of a few months ago . 
  my personal idea is that maybe some buildings where already weakened and it might have added other damages but it 's not really . 
  the north of italy and the south are still safe . 
  ireland ? 
  make german great again . 
  it 's easy to torture them . 
  close the door and get close , stare them in the eyes as close as possible . 
  for max disconfort hug them, 
  nope, 
  hey , we are helping you improving your export rate until the multinational companies will raise theiir prices to match the new gbp value . 
  does n't matter , they belong paris now, 
  all of us do, 
  have you tried it ? 
  look at the bright side . 
  christmas shopping from the uk has never been cheaper, 
  they are french now . 
  the common name decided it . 
  nobody call them belgian fries, 
  yeah but what about face to face conversation ? 
  how do you feel being in the same room with another person ? 
  it work for tall people . 
  thanks to all our waving hands that keep us in shape and burn calories, 
  every place have his own local dishes . 
  why all the places ends with by ? 
  make it crap again ? 
  i do n't think it can work as a slogan, 
  not if you are from portugal, 
  fashion, 
  i like that word . 
  the possibility of taking a piss . 
  can we make that a thing ? 
  i was joking , but the shape remind me of gym equipment, 
  cool . 
  so now eesti are a danish colony, 
  except that all the deals have to be rinegotiate, 
  finnish,
