  it 's not hard to make . 
  found the scottish . 
  he should have investe in pierce and blunt resistant equipment . 
  apparently he opted for a magic resistant set . 
  the problem with berlusconi is that we did n't know what damage he could have coused . 
  now we know . 
  and people still follow his blueprints, 
  wich is not a nation but a coalition of nation . 
  depends support your country like : `` hey tourist , visit our country '' sure . 
  going like '' we are the best '' lol , no . 
  truth is , nobody is the best . 
  everyone is bad at something and when a nationalistic view do n't let you see your flaws that 's a really big problem, 
  she basically have all the buffs a witcher get with the mutation so ... 
  then , if ciri become a witcher , she can be the next game protagonist . 
  it 's about one of the endings . 
  wich i 've heard is considered the canon one ... ciri choose to become a witcher . 
  geralt give her a nice silver sword as a presents for her choice, 
  why people ask for spoilers ?!?????!? 
  why ???? 
  and how do you use the spoiler tag in / r/europe, 
   it 's essentially anti-britain well , we are pro-europe after all . 
  / r/europe is a common target of brits ( and not only ) nationalistic movements . 
  wich is why usually early comments are greats but later ones sucks, 
  lol nice joke . 
  tell that to all the britons working in the eu . 
  oh and just to be sure , they are more than the 0.1 %, 
  nope . 
  i 'm part of the master race linux master race the thing is that their system is binded to do just what they want to allow you to . 
  you want to do something a little more advanced ? 
  good luck with that . 
  ithink you might be right, 
  to be fair most of their stuff is underperforming compared to the competition at the same price range . 
   little did he know that margrethe vestager is the mother of anti trust dragons , slayer of the tax dodgers and destroyer of cartels . 
  i already like this woman, 
  regional languages . 
  you mean the beginning of spring ? 
  but it 's cold . 
  it 's not real sun, 
  there 's a catch , you need to be able to drink real coffee ( espresso ) or do n't drink coffee at all, 
  raiding is not doing nothing according to people that play wow, 
  work everytime , 70 % of the time . 
  you are all tall and blonde , are n't you ? 
   handsome italianos ok i have 1 out of 2 . yay, 
  does it hold a decent success rate as an approach plan in finland ? 
  the want to spend their money, 
  nice joke . 
  first of all germany and france are the first that want to set britain as an example by giving them almost nothing . 
  so ... thing like ... `` wan na hang out ? 
  i mean ... on world of warcraft '', 
  it will be a fun ride in the next few years, 
  '' ... '' `` but it 's august '' `` yes '' '' ... '' `` harambe ? '', 
  so ... to pick up a girl you give a number of question like name , surname ? 
  are you affected by any std ? 
  then optimize everything by putting it on paper and hand out the test to the people . 
  what do people talk about in finland ? 
  not the weather or the sun i suppose . 
  weather : ice sun : 404 - not found . 
  i really see a lot of delusional britons in this sub . 
  they think that uk is in the position of power with the negotiation to get out of the eu . 
  just to make it clear . 
  uk is not in a position of power . 
  i need to invent a finnish drinking assembly . 
  mov fina barb, 
  anything they will negotiate , will be a lot less than the single market . 
  and on no equal terms probably . 
  remember with the eu it 's 20 + countries vs 1, 
  looks fair to me . 
  if you failr and explode there is more space for the other finlanders, 
  really , of all the candidates , the us is voting for the two worst one . 
  so make them drink , a little, 
   less talkative than the swedes and the russians as an italian i have an hard time thinking at someone being less talkative the russians . 
  and the mandatory question is , what happen when not sober ? 
  i need to make a fin drunk to make a finnish friend ? 
  1 fin only . 
  you wait for the next bus, 
  well , duh . 
  it 's in the name, 
  if you speed they shoot at you with the cannon as a warning signal ? 
   so they would n't have to talk to anyone can someone explain me why finland is famous for people being asocial ? 
   being finland sweden flair ... . i 'm confused, 
  til finland have roads thanks to the brave farmer . 
  we need a prize for the bravest farmer of the year, 
  wich is before 1861, 
  it 's not less impressive . 
  it 's simply that italy is a relative recent country tha recently found their unity, 
  that 's actually a lot less than let 's say the single region of sardinia . 
  do you see these boxes with lines written in there ? 
  every line is a different dialect , and some of these even have huge variations depending on where you are . 
  found the polish , working in france , sensitive paladin of boredom, 
  the fact others people controlled the area does n't mean they invented it , plus there are a lot of different types of pasta, 
  good than let 's catch this chicken weighting a ton . 
  you find something where to deep fry it in . 
  we are n't that fat . 
  and we do n't have that round nose, 
  so ... are you going to consider it a challenge ? 
  and how exactly do you plan to deep fry a whole chicken weighting a ton that do n't want to be fried ? 
  the sauce is rag\u00f9 alla bolognese . 
  you take spaghetti and put the rag\u00f9 and you got speghetti alla bolognese . 
  but you can put that sauce on different kind of pasta, 
  i 'm scared of a chicken weighting a ton .
