  but the us grabbed their chances with ww2 . 
  before that they where n't considered a great power, 
  yeah for logistic purpose but the companies that extract said oil are us based . 
  mostly ww2 . 
  ww1 mostly europe throwing shit at themself . 
  ww2 they came once everyone was alrady weakened , never suffered an attack on their mainland and eventually used that as an excuse to influence europe thanks to the marshall plan , in return we got help for the reconstruction, 
  not considering his flag, 
  wich is still more guarantee than the us have so ... 
  they call it war on terror . 
  we all know it was the war for oil . 
  they got the oil we got the consequences, 
  because they where the last big currency to drop the gold standard . 
  many currency backed themself with us dollars after getting out of the gold standard . 
  plus it 's the only currency used to buy oil . 
  some even say that the us dollar is now backed by oil . 
  plus it 's the only country with a currency deemed solid that spend more than they produce . 
  no pastrie de nata or balahu . 
  portugese debunked . 
  yeah but the donald was a worse idea, 
  the only person i know that was circumcised was for medical reasons so ... yeah not that many, 
  bitch . 
  we have the vatican, 
  well the us are the best tax haven for anyone who is not an us citizen . 
  i once heard that it was the reasoning they where n't attacking during ww2, 
  the reason is to carpet bomb switzerland itself . 
  if someone try to take it . 
  they 'll simply bomb themself so that it 's not profitable . 
  apparently telling people this was the idea has worked great so far, 
  i did n't even know they where still alive . 
  i lost the count of celebs died in 2016 . for 2017 , so far , so good . 
  they simply do n't have the fado to be even more depressed, 
  i do n't get the italy one as well, 
  i want some canadian to appear and say `` she was our queen before yours ! '', 
  i 'm not into gilf . 
  i 'm fine like this thank you, 
  hurry up and call irlanders to downvote the queen . 
  this happen when you allow litterally everybody to own guns . 
  there are responsable gun owner , and there are people who are not . 
  you can pretend but they are still there , breathing your own air, 
  so ... how awkward is when 2 finland cyclist that move in opposite direction get close by ? 
  what do you study ? 
  for example the university of bocconi have a lot of foreign students and is quite famous for anything related to the economy, 
  not the axiss leader, 
  then why they now want to build a wall ? 
  do n't they ever learn ? 
  are we still talking about the roman empire or the us ? 
  yeah but he was n't the axiss leader . 
  hitler was, 
  you need to add more salt on that bacalhau, 
  others tried it for us . 
  the sacred roman empire attempted to replicate it . 
  they failed . 
  hitler tried , he failed . 
  and guess what they had in common ? 
  they where not italians . 
  so i have a great idea . 
  i will conquer the world with dank memes, 
  it worked for us . 
  10/10 make rome great again, 
  the we 'll do the opposite , let 's go to spain and tell them they live in portugal, 
  now remove the uk you can add mexico if you want, 
  let 's go in portugal and call them spanish , let 's see what happen, 
  and no pastel de nata ? 
  it 's ham . 
  so yes . 
  10/10 would eat, 
  in italy we have a saying . 
  `` of the pig nothing get thrown away '' wich mean that you use every single part . 
  ah jokes on you . 
  our is better . 
  the roman empire conquered more than half of the known world , looked quite nice to me, 
  they still have n't invoked a50 , so until then they are still considered part of the eu, 
  we should nuke the place that invented that thing . 
  it 's horrible, 
  wich in the us means that you can overcome hate only if you are rich . 
  yes i do have more than enought idea . 
  but i see that you consider a little special snowflake, 
  the problem is that the freedom of speech is used to justify hateful ideas and false informations, 
  get a job move work work more even more ????? 
  in the netherlands sure have no taste , i 'm quite sure your food is toxic . 
  0/10 would not eat, 
  there is more freedom of speech in europe than in the us . 
  the only thing you are n't allowed to say is crime inducing or tottally hateful or discriminating . 
  nope . 
  it 's the richest big city in italy, 
  the right one , but there is an underground resistence for the one on the left . 
  we will crush them and pandoro will reign supreme, 
   our fling with russia ended with attempted cultural genocide and a bloody breakup . 
  sound like how most people would describe their divorce from their ex-wife/husband, 
  have finns ever tried to get closer to another european person ? 
  are we talking about the us president or brexit ? 
  ardogan will try to blame the eu the us all of asia and africa . 
  in the same fashion of the usual `` everybody but me '' and will try to get more power, 
  do n't worry it 's widespread . 
  remember occupy wallstreet ? 
  that was a peaceful protest . 
  the elites decided to ignore them ( also because there was no proposal for a change ) there will a time when the commoners will be too pissed off . 
  considering that for google the eu is one of the biggest market they will simply pay their taxes . 
  it 's not that they avoid taxes because they do n't have the money . 
  they avoid taxes because people who makes laws also put loopholes in them,
