  survival instinct probably, 
  dude , it 's a joke and it 's sarcastic . 
  learn to take thing as that . 
  ( and yes i 've eaten some swedish food in the past , but since i was n't in sweden i do n't call that autentic ), 
  fuck the baguette we have an honor to defend, 
  we can still be worse , let make the whole country drive like in naples, 
  it 's a circlejerk between / r/sweeden and / r/italy not a big one , and it 's all goliardic . 
  what other rules can we broke to get lower in the rankings ? 
  because they usually sign a contract with a third party to put ads on their site , maybe they 'll even include the size , but then the size have enbedded pop up windows or a script that cover everything . 
  the marketing team does n't care what ads you see or the incovinience . 
  they care about the big bucks, 
  wait , so we are not the worse ? 
  no i 'm simply defending the supreme supremacy of our cooking . 
  pizza for everyone . 
  i liked my ignorance, 
  wich raise the question . 
  what is phlegm ? 
  nope . 
  not now , not ever . 
  who would eat stuff like that ? 
  it 's not even edible, 
  wtf is lutefisk ? 
  are they edible ? 
  that 's because it is garbage . 
  i would not put that thing close to my food . 
  hell , you even have eggs of the wrong color !, 
  for long you mean a couple of years right ? 
  your flag prove that you understand nothing about food . 
  she trenned hard while at the gym, 
  yeah but other countries know how to make decent meatballs . 
  they do n't slap them everywhere , except the us but they suck at cooking . 
  are you 9 ? 
  if so and you stay in sweden eating swedish food , yes . 
  you have a number of choice at yoour disposal to live longer . 
  learn to cook other countries dishes eat in foreign restourant go in another country i see no other possible explaination, 
  so ... food found in other countries trash bin . 
  sound about right, 
  relevant username . 
  but no, 
  going to the gym is like a religion . 
  you pray to not end up in hell . 
  you go to the gym to not live in one . 
  not even in their teens, 
  23.59.59 of course . 
  let 's jump on the gild me train here, 
  it 's not like if you are the oldest person you are immortal, 
  they did an interview yesterday on the italian tv . 
  she looked quite lucid . 
  of course it 's all relative but she understood what she was asked in a direct and answered accordingly . 
  of course . 
  can you imagine living that long with sweden food ? 
  that shit would probably kill you when you are in your twenties . 
  and passed between 3 different centuries and 2 millennia ( the second of wich most of us did ), 
  can you talk during a sauna ? 
  does n't this mean , like , two people , in a room , a small room , and the need to look at each other and speak to each other . 
  is n't that the least finnish thing ever ? 
  what is swedish cuisine ? 
  sound a lot like the [ japanese kusaya ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kusaya ), 
  deal . 
  ( i 'm not a big fan of cannoli either way ), 
  ok fine , but we all know that we win . 
  pasta is done with oil . 
  switch italy and france description and you have a realistic map, 
  we can beat you on the pies, 
  pasteis de nata are fine . 
  does n't he have to meet someone to turn the finnish card ? 
  that sound unconfortable for finnish standards, 
  what is this surstromming you talk of ? 
  while i agree , if you look at the politics of the last 30 years , this si exactly what is happening, 
  ok i admit i had readed it badly . 
  very badly . 
  i 've readed health not wealth ... . my bad, 
  i 've read your comments , you are a troll and not even good one . 
  i realize that do n't know how to read . 
  ~ ~ is the europe in here considered europe as a continent or european union ? ~ ~ ~ ~ because if it include the balcans and the east europe i can see that value going down a lot compared to central south and north europe . ~ ~, 
  yo do realize that there is a whole chain of comments under it where we talked about it already right ? 
  the thing is whatever they choose , they are in a shitty situation, 
  yeah but we since it 's the european shitstorm of the year we have more shitposting 101, 
  while people claim the referendum does n't bind the government , it actually does . 
  if they decide to not follow the will of the people expressed with the referendum , their party will lose credibility and it 's a card that will be used by their political opposition for years to come . 
  if they decide to follow the referendum and evoke a50 , the eu have a much bigger leverage wich they tested in the previous months . 
  this will put them in a shitty position isolated in the middle of a bigger and stronger coalition ( relative to them ) . 
  in politics they all know that leaving the eu is the worst long term choice they can make , on the other hand , nobody want to be the public face that will claim `` we should not invoke a50 '' . 
  so now they try to bounce the responsability between them and buy time , in an attempt to come with with a genious idea that will save the face . 
  also they are losing power in the eu even before invoking a50 and this other countries are pressuring them to invoke this a50, 
  i was almost sure it was shitposting 101 on people proposing to rollback brexit, 
  because this is where you attention will be attracted to , it 's not like they ca n't say otherwise in a different setting or on the phone, 
  he have interest , economic interest to have the uk in the eu . 
  lol . 
  then what ? 
  let 's make it best of 3 referendum ? 
  or tell people `` listen fuck off , we do n't care about your vote , trolololol '', 
  from french ? 
  did hannibal 's elephan know how to do the same when traversing the alps ? 
  we 'll send legionaries, 
  rome wants a word with you, 
  you do n't make the bomb , you make the component to assemble the bomb, 
  you 're not good in the ancient art of shitposting, 
  so ... italy spain portugal mexico and south america , and make the us pay for it . 
  so close to portugal and italy ?
