  so ... they like the money , but do n't like how they make the money when they have little else to offer . 
  call me crazy but that 's stupid, 
  do n't worry they are in an open air sauna , this rule does n't apply to sauna, 
  the one on the right could be considered chubby the others are kinda normal, 
  the one they borrowed, 
  who said they have one in first place ? 
  you missed the brexit joke, 
  what culture ? 
  so why does he have the uk ? 
  sorry i ca n't compute , they do n't come from a boot shaped country , must be shit, 
  but even so , how can you deal with all these baguette and omelette du fromage ? 
  no they are not , i can understand the big picture of what a spanish person say , but not a french one . 
  for me they speak baguette . 
  it 's easy : it 's considered the cheaper version of spain where people speak brazilian . 
  i have the solution . 
  lower wages so that people do n't have disposable income for drugs . 
  it 's working in the south apparently, 
  drug death is too expensive for southern europe apparently, 
  that 's not the reason . 
  back when woman could start to enroll they did the same training , the problem was that most of them would end up with an injury compared to the male counterpart . 
  oh what a surprise . 
  do you have some link to some these studies ? 
  so that i can point them out to feminazis, 
  nope it 's because in the name of gender equality man and woman undergo a different training regime . 
  this lead to the results that male soldier prefer to fight next to another male as if something happen the female soldier might not be able to carry the body, 
  how many ages have those that gain more than you stayed there . 
  how many achivement those who earn more have gained compared to those that earn less ? 
  i 'm kinda sure i know the answers ... 
  not really . 
  and you can see it in many places . 
  just to make an example the soldiers on the field are usually only male , while the woman fill the backlines, 
  then they should study comunication technology and not philosophy, 
  then they should study comunication technology and not philosophy, 
  so ... we are surprised that the one that study production heavy studies gain more ? 
  why not making these stats by compare 1 million female graduate in engineering vs 1 million male graduate in engineering ? 
  if i study `` social study '' i ca n't compare my wage to someone that studied comunication technologies, 
  so ... we are surprised that the one that study production heavy studies gain more ? 
  why not making these stats by compare 1 million female graduate in engineering vs 1 million male graduate in engineering ? 
  if i study `` social study '' i ca n't compare my wage to someone that studied comunication technologies, 
  yeah , it 's not like if we where the us, 
  is he flexing in the picture ? 
  wait canada in included in world ? 
  italy is kinda stuck in place . 
  but the thing is that france did n't surpass the uk because they raised their gdp but because the uk fell of one spot . 
  that is outdated . 
  france got over the uk in the last year, 
  britons are the only one in europe who ca n't claim political and economical superiority over us atm but good luck for the future :3, 
  of course we will face some lost in economic power , but not that much when compared to the uk, 
  yep economy in italy is shit . 
  and so is the uk . 
  is this a comparison between my contry and yours ? 
  nope , i 'm simply pointing out to the stupidity of those that say `` we did a great move '' plus the `` increasing illegal immigration '' has been a thing since the 90s . 
  since it 's a peninsula close to africa we suffer from immigration from that places . 
  and wars in the middle east does n't help . 
  nice comment on your flair . 
  plus as i said . 
  let 's talk back in 10 years . 
  i was thinking that this was a serious comment . 
  than i 've seen your comment history . 
  briton confirmed . 
  lol yeah keep the brexit . 
  see you in 10 years . 
  oh and remember the 350m to the nhs, 
  so much is to be expected . 
  but this will be nothing compared to the blow the uk economic will suffer . 
  that 's released before half life 3 either way, 
  yep it was a typo . 
  and no he can damage the uk and their affair with foreign forces , but outside of damaging the uk itself he ca n't do that much, 
  well it 's like he can do any damage outside of the uk . 
  and inside the uk , you voted for him , you can keep him, 
  well ... since you do n't have positive stuff on your candidate attack the other, 
  the fact that you said tekken remembered me that in germany the nintendo game `` pokken tournament '' is called `` pok\u00e9mon tekken '' because pokken sound like the word pocken that is german for smallpox, 
  it 's his now . 
  that plate own him his life, 
  yeah super bock sucks . 
  fries are french right ? 
  it 's french fries after all, 
  nope . 
  it 's a joke about being the million and one . 
  just out of the million allowed, 
  the number of decimals is equals to the decimal of the pi, 
  not if you are # 1.000.001, 
  but obama was n't in terminator 3 . are you talking about a possible remake ? 
  1 like 1 respect, 
  let 's convert that catapult, 
  yeah , but did they find the guild master ? 
  roll a d20 to know more, 
  that 's the plan, 
  we can send them all to the uk and wait for the brexit . 
  and at this point we can always play the military card . 
  `` it would be a shame if we let our soldier in your borders . '', 
  `` fiorentino '' mean from florence , florence is the english name for firenze, 
   i can only imagine that eu membership is n't important to catalan separatists ? 
  british flag ... ... ... am i the only one who see irony in this ? 
  that 's actually a cultural think for us . 
  we do n't really talk against alcholic beverage . 
  but when we drink ( usually socially ) we do n't do it to get wasted . 
  sad, 
  we are visited by the pope everytime he leave his house . 
  why are n't we the one winning everything ?
