  the reason why the economic shock still has n't stopped ( and will not stop until the brexit will be completed ) is that uk import much more than what it produce as a country . 
  and it 's all things the uk need to survive , like food . 
  in the last couple of decade the uk made an excellent job of becoming the center of the european economy . 
  with the brexit many banks are starting their own exit strategy from the uk as an headquarter to move elsewhere . 
  it does not look very good . 
  plus the european countries want to make an example out of britain leaving the union . 
  the fact that all the leave political leaders do n't want to run for the title of prime minister is huge proof of how much of a mess uk ended up with, 
  the truth ? 
  i do n't care . 
  for the uk people i hope in an harsh wake up but that might take them back to their former power but with the realization that their vote count and more critical thinking . 
  realizing why what was marketed during brexit was a lie and then make a fresh start . 
  on the other hand after the referendum northern ireland and scotland said that they wanted indipendency from the rest of the country following the referendum . 
  now , this might have been under the pressure of the news for brexit but it 's a thing , if they want to leave , you should let them . 
  so again , for the people , i wish the best . 
  for their politic leader ... i hope they 'll find better ones ( wich is something that i hope for my country too ), 
  we 'll drink guinness when something cool happen, 
  apparently you ca n't read sarcasm . 
  the fact that i hate mussolini 's ideology does n't mean that i approve of renzi . 
  plus the `` united kingdom of fuck england '' is recurring joke when talking about countries leaving the uk, 
  i recall the sentiment in northern ireland changed with the brexit referendum or so the press said, 
  does n't help that this ended quite recently, 
  what will happen a warrior in the valhalla dies ? 
  then make it real northern ireland rejoin the south forming the super ireland . 
  scottish leave the uk and form the scottish reign of fuck england . 
  north will join the eu automatically since the south is already in . 
  scottissh will apply again . 
  and everybody will live free from the bottom half of the united kingdom, 
  we live in a global world . 
  well we have to say that i generally exclude anything that i find in my country too . 
  so this exclude a lot of stuff actually ... 
  oh ... it 's recent history too ... this is why irelander are still salty about it . 
  i did n't know that ( i was a kid at the time ) . 
  well til i guess , on the bright side britain is already out of europe , getting the north to join the south will make dublin stronger, 
  is it normal that around one third of the thing i see when looking for romania point to `` hot girls '' ? 
  i was talking about northern ireland . 
  i had no idea why there was that bloodbath, 
  i know you can do better . 
  i work in it too but communicating is still a core skill . 
  ( how do you claim a bug a feature otherwise ? ), 
  i was asking about stuff to visit , places that deserve to be visited , cool stuff not found elsewhere , tipical food/beverage, 
  ok just to make a new game try to convince me to come to romania as a tourist . 
  ok but you have to take the northern region with you, 
  so his gay friends are n't that gay but his straight friends are ? 
  that would be a real plot twist, 
  just googled it . 
  apparently it 's a thing, 
  it was nazi/holocaust joke, 
  it 's kind of a final solution so ... yeah ... flag checks out, 
  holy cow . 
  that 's 5-6 times what i pay here, 
   switzerland i can latch into italian cells in a good chunk of southern switzerland , unless you aren the middle you can latch into an eu mobile cell, 
  i never readed the sun so ... probably it was for page 3 girl then . 
   where are the posh pretty ones in europe we call the pretty ones italian, 
  well ... in comparison to murican anybody else is classy and refined, 
  directly from the beginning of last century, 
  we have the same ones in milan , italy, 
  why do i recall the sun being a serious journal a lot of years ago ? 
  burned, 
  still too close . 
  better pick somewhere else, 
  it 's still not good for the uk, 
  took me a while, 
   the british government would be stupid to give a referendum during brexit . 
  they allowed brexit to happen soooo ... i would n't be so sure, 
  as of now scotland will leave stalling until 2020 is a way of say f ** k scotland . 
  because by that time they will already be out of the eu and need to do the whole procedure the get in again . 
  yeah except all these immigrants that are bankers managers it workers and so on . 
  their job is n't likely to be replaced by locals anytime soon, 
  on ~ ~ gravel . ~ ~ lego bricks, 
  so yeah you should be inside the g20, 
  it 's about gdp . 
  the netherlands are quite small i do n't know how much gpd they have, 
  we have few leaders ihmo . 
  4 of the eu countries are in the g8 so it 's not overrepresentation but underrepresentation . 
  you ca n't expect the eu to have the same weight of indonesia . 
  one person is killed . 
  blow it up out of proportion and blame an armed group on the other side of the world . 
  you 'll be surprised how many idiots are giving up their rights for this reason alone, 
  do n't worry there are plenty in any commercial os you get in stores, 
  so ... a trans mtf, 
  this is also true for baby boomers , that generation , while in some countries was the luckyest in some others where n't that well off . 
  like for example ... uhm ... italy ( mostly the south ) ? 
  hey at least it was good for tourism , right ? 
  you would be surprised how our politicians can make money disappear . 
  number 7 will amaze you, 
  is it bad ? 
  i have n't heard about it after release, 
  i 'm curios how the campaign in iraq simulator is doing, 
  they could do it the old way . 
  without facebook, 
  the vatican state and s.marino are n't dots, 
  to be fair the fact that we are young is also one of the causes of so many mistakes during the previous century and still have repercussion today, 
  younger but with a lot more history, 
  denmark is the european nz, 
  ptsd is now an antidepressant that will make them more lively / jk, 
  still better then lithuania i wonder what that single dude did, 
  i was confused by the title tusk and turks only have an r to differentiate tem ( and the order of the k and the s ), 
  why do they look all pissed off ? 
  the difference is not in the burden we have but the fact that many do n't have anyone to share it with . 
  more than once i 've seen woman throwing their insecurities at others and when someone talked about their insecurities being dismissed with a `` you should deal with it '',
