  the us have started all the wars in the peaceful era in world history , not calling them warmonger is being detached from reality , like you are, 
  not going to happen anytime soon . 
  they 've seen the initial impact of the idea of invoking the a50 . 
  when the a50 will strike the uk will lose even more power , and all the negotiation table . 
  but you can keep dreaming , see you in a few years when people will look at uk as a fallen empire, 
  nice try briton . 
  you inpact on the eu economy is quite low actually you are putting yourself against 20 + countries ... 
  if the eu would be go at the olympics as a single nation like the us does then we 'll have most of the medals all the time, 
  well the euro will lose some power due to uncertanty of the market but it 's only a fluctuation . 
  not something that will last long . 
  of course before all the wars where in europe . 
  usa was n't even considered in the global scale of things . 
  but even going post ww2 you can clearly see that while the member of actual eu where mostly at peace , the us thrown out war after war after gaining influence from said ww2, 
  considering that us was n't even a serious thing back in the days ? 
  not in recent years . 
  i got that reference in the first post . 
  i do n't recall how it goes on after the first sentence, 
  contentious , maybe , less than the us for sure . 
  how many wars was started from the us in the last couple of decade ( using the onu to keep them going ) and how many from eu ? 
  so it 's a place like cornwall that was sure to still get money from the eu even if they left ? 
  italy does n't really have a lot of car factory remaining . 
  i 'm still gloating and having fun , thank you for your concern, 
  nissan will probably move most of the production leaving in the uk only the factories needed for the internal production . 
  damn europeans . 
  at least we do n't have the problem that america have , americans . 
  germany still wants to make an example out of uk leave . 
  france have the most extreme position , ireland want to help the uk to prevent more immigration , and other countries will probably work with singolar deals to make things work for the uk . 
  they need to convince 27 countries after all, 
  it 's political karma right here, 
  because while the eu want to punish the uk it 's still a strategic asset . 
  this mean that they do n't want to sink that ship yet, 
  it will be fun , if you 're not in the uk, 
  eu does n't comply with all treaties and standarrds , they had a lot of leverage and bended the rules in their favor while in the eu . 
  but since once invoked a50 they will lose those leverage power, 
  lol , no . 
  major european markets are already exinting from their need of the uk . 
  the uk need the eu , the eu does n't need the uk, 
  it 's not at least , it 's at most 2 years . 
  unless the other memeber will all accept to prolong the term , wich is unlikely, 
  eu memeber wants to make an example out of britain leaving the union . 
  especially france . 
  it 's more than half . 
  and as an european it will be a fun show in the next few years, 
  the result simply prove that people should n't be allowed to vote on international agreement matters, 
  i do n't see the ukranian force having the force to attack russia and not fall easily in retaliation, 
  yeah right keep on beliving it . 
  it will be fun when your bubble burst, 
  considering that uk economy is mostly based on the import/export with the eu it would mean their failure as a nation and the end of an empire . 
  fom will be accepted by the britons . 
  except that while it 's probable that the uk will end in the single market they will have to accept a number of condition that they do n't want to accept . 
  eu is much bigger and powerful than the uk . 
  then the service comapny you know are like less than 10 % of the total . 
  plus many company that trade with the us trade with the rest of eu too, 
  then mark my words and see back in 2 years . 
  services will not leave today , they will leave before brexit happen , they have a lot of time actually, 
  i think it 's time to declare war to poland for crime against umanity, 
  lol , nice joke , briton . 
  i 'll let you keep dreaming, 
  oh you mean the services that are moving back into the eu , because a lot of service companies are making exit strategies to get out of the uk, 
  if you excluse almost all the goods the uk import like foods ... 
  not really . 
  ireland is seeing the banks that where in london move into his border . 
  these banks kept uk alive in the past decade . 
  you will see uk getting poorer in the near future and ireland getting richer, 
  in poland they try to imitate us ? 
  so ... someone from the colonies ? 
   all germans are shinny white that 's racist, 
   mine is huge why have i read it in trump 's voice ? 
   i can take a few hits before unleashing my full attack on you . 
  you sound like brok 's onyx , when he use bide . 
  oh well i 'll use tail whip or sand attack, 
  ah , jokes on you i attack you armor with a battle mage using him/her as a mace . 
  magic ignore ac right ? 
  welll we do n't live in a post apocalictic world, 
  dungeons & dragonite, 
  calm down there . 
  i have +4 as a modifier in dex and a light armor ... you are in full plate !, 
  i rolled a 12, 
  i finished bg2 back in the days . 
  as far as i know , iceland is quite small . 
  i would n't be surprised if most people have meet their candidate to the election at least once in an informal context . 
  i 've gone from memory . 
  you are right it was dex but you know ... it 's been 12 years since my last character i can miss a stat name ... stil ... you got the reference, 
  we have different stats . 
  let 's go with strenght agility constitution windsdom intelligence charisma, 
  you mean that a german with the sense of humor is a shiny german ? 
  ok , we might have to check the iv of that dude, 
  like a shiny pokemon, 
  this , plus all we know about ttip are leaks . 
  the deal so far is being keept a secret apparently, 
  lol , nope . 
  northern italy is doing quite good actually . 
  the south have some problems . 
  now the real question , are the girls in romnia all hot ? 
  there where deals made as a group and deal made as a single country . 
  as a group most deal where simply on the like `` the imported goods should be able to abide the standards we have in our countries '' . 
  the thing is that the common market some mininum standards where the same so goods could travel freely . 
  the uk after brexit still wants to be part of common market , while being outside the eu , like norway . 
  now , it 's almost midnight so i 'll go quite fast with my reasoning . 
  the eu did n't prevent uk from trading outside the eu .
