  in the no functional government at the time of research, 
  you mean in the 13 million in evaded tax thanks to the irish government ? 
  the problem is than when you are in the too big to fail list you are not responsable for your own failure . 
  also banks did n't put the money they got into loans and so on . 
  after the leman brothers incident many banks took the money from government for themself , lending no loans to common people but still doing them for other banks , insurance and big corporate . 
   i think automation and globalism has been overall good for everybody . 
  i think so too . 
  but the main problem is when governments make a too big to fail list . 
  save banks that should fail due to bad management and does n't save small companies . 
  there is a problem when you allow big corporate to declare that the money they take in your country in a different country to pay less taxes , there is a problem when countries allow big corporate to evade most of their taxes and there is a problem when you allow representative of said companies into politics with lobbist and influence, 
  ilios is inspired by greece . 
  southern italy have similar places . 
  the problem is that these kind of thing usually are solved only in the violent way . 
  the one in power do n't want to leave the power or adapt to those with less power . 
  the masses on the other hand have the power of being masses . 
  the power of numbers . 
  time to time means all the time for those needing a translation from portuguenglish, 
  well it 's not like germany telling refugee `` you can all come here '' and rethinking it a couple of days later did n't do any damage, 
  that 's because they still keep favoring big corporate over their electorate . 
  people are tired of this shit . 
  we want politics that care about their nation , not ( only ) about their wallets, 
   what do you think that means in tangible terms ? 
  for the common man almost nothing in the daily life . 
  on the economy this mean that the raise of us inflation might devalue your currency . 
  you are confusing the market and the backing . 
  since they are backed in us dollar , if the us central bank decide that the pound is not a good investment anymore their rating will lower the actual pound value . 
  they took the us as the standard because it was backed by gold back in the days , now it 's not and the market have other regulations . 
  but this is also why if the dollar goes down , the other currencies will go down as well ( or not up as they should ), 
  it 's on the other side of northern italy . 
  not many ties with venezia, 
  make sparta great again, 
  almost all currency in the world are backed up by the usd . 
  the reason is quite simple , after ww2 all the countries where n't backed by the gold standard anymore and could n't get back to it in a decent timeframe . 
  so they backed themself with the usd and the usd was backed by the gold standard . 
  pre-euro all the currency where backed by the usd even the usd where n't on the gold standard [ since nixon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nixon_shock ) . 
  after that the usd where considered already the de facto standard for international trade and it became the standard to buy and sell oil . 
  so now the us is mostly backed by the market , thin air , and oil . 
  this is also why the us still have so much spending power when importing much more than they export with both goods and services . 
  if i recall correctly . 
  it is . 
  most currency after ww2 where backed by the us dollar . 
  then the dollar left the gold standard . 
  and is now backed mostly by oil and thin air , currencies are still backed by it . 
  is n't the euro still backed up by us dollars ? 
  remove this backing and make the $ a value backed by itself ( like the usd ) and you will see a collapse in the value of the dollar . 
  none , that 's a ghost town . 
  that place is a ghost town , nobody live there . 
  if i recall correstly there was some seismic movements a couple of hundreds years ago that made the side of the hill collapse . 
  nowdays there is only some souvenier shop in that place and a few shops for tourists . 
  that bridge is the only connection to the village and you have to pay a ticket to get on the other side from the main land . 
  fake article . 
  it 's difficoult to get an abortition only in some region ( mostly the south ), 
   am i the only one who would like to see gambling laws regulating at least payed loot crates and their like ? 
  you know who did it ? 
  china , they forced those that want a gatcha system o lootbox system to make public in china the % of drops . 
  you know something is wrong when china give you better transparency than other countries, 
  time to learn how to squat, 
  is that the london tower ? 
  so ... he do n't want to pay his employee , does n't speak the same language , and whine about them asking for their payment ? 
  did i understand correctly ? 
  the research was on people in the south of italy , not italy as a country, 
  they have their wages . 
  but if they get out for an emergency there is a plus for the risk . 
  but , last time i checked volunteer did n't get involved into fire accidents ( other firefighters work but hardly hard fire stuff even if the skill they acquire allow them to do so ) plus i do n't recall volunteer being paid . 
  yeah , you are a slave now . 
  yeah but it could be worse , he could have been trump, 
  it 's summer , he got thin to go to the beach , duh, 
  in some region they are kinda used to it . 
  it 's not a thing anymore but something like 25 years ago you would hear about fires in sicily calabria and campania quite often . 
  now there is a different regulation but this year they happened again . 
  make reissanance great again, 
  things like the metric system, 
  we call the place calafrica, 
  sorry about the fire , we had some fire problem this year , it 's not always like this i promise, 
  when your killstreak is so good that it 's engraved into earth itself, 
  they are in rome, 
  let 's not forget switzerland , egypt and anything that touches the mediterrain sea . 
  not our fault we have a good looking country . 
  it 's also famous for the onions . 
  well ... the solution they proposed was quite final, 
  you see , the problem is attracting the mid-class tourist . 
  majorca does n't offer something other places do n't . 
  if i want a good sea i can either go in sardinia , croatia , greece and so on , there is nothing that push majorca above the other destinations , except the night life so if you remove it , i do n't think many people would visit, 
  not all locals are in the tourist industry true , but they still benefit from it . 
  the supermarket down the street still gets money from those that benefit from it . 
  the road are made anew because some dirty tourist will pay good money and place with good sun and good sea are abundant across europe even at cheaper price . 
  i 'm more of a cultural tourist . 
  i usually visit cities for their culture not their drinks . 
  if you base your entire economy on it , then yes , you have no choice . 
  also it `` ruin the life of the locals '' a few months a year and by ruining it also means that it fills their wallets, 
  they built their economy on being a party island not a nice tourist attraction when you can , if you decide , party . 
  never seen a nude finn girl . 
  must remove this lack of knowledge asap . 
  for science ofc . 
  than here 's the proposal . 
  close it to tourist for 10 years . 
  if they manage to still be alive after this time they can ask people to do what they want . 
  but since they live on the tourist back . 
  yeah i 'm not going to feel sorry for them, 
  austria have it .
