do n't forget `` die linke '' in germany , as well as frau merkel and monsieur hollande , doing secret negotiations with mr. putin behind the back of our us overlord . 
  you really should stop parroting nato propaganda , and start searching around for independent press or independent journalists . 
  who knows , maybe even start thinking for yourself -- just sayin ' [ watch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bod0t2ioq9c ), 
  i 've actually been in crimea and i know , as a matter of fact , that the vast majority is in favor of russia and not the european union . 
  as to the `` conflict '' in crimea . 
  did you notice how not a single person died after crimea was secured by -- whatever forces ( might as well have been russians ) -- before and after referendum ? 
  you know why , because what they have now in crimea is exactly what the people in crimea wanted . 
  see what happens in donezk , luhansk , debaltseve , donbass , where no one protected the people , as was the case in crimea . 
  how many died and how many will die ? 
  i 've been to those places as well , and know that it is not different from crimea . 
  people do n't want nato , people do n't want to be `` democratized '' . 
  go and watch videos on youtube where civilian people all across the conflict areas are asked , you 'll see that all of them blame the west , poroshenko and jatsenjuk . 
  the video you linked to shows just that , people want their independence from the current government . 
  what they have right now is a provisional government , and the guy who 's been interviewed said that a referrendum is needed , to hear what all of people of donetsk have to say . 
  there 's a report on vice news , that now , that the ukrainian army has been kicked from debaltseve , the civilian people started to come back to debaltseve . 
  weird , right ? 
  anything in particular ? 
  it 's actually all of the people who live in that region , and not a subset of them , who 'd have to be asked in a voting , and not by just shoting them . 
  how 's that relevant to the right of people for self determination ? 
  the people who live in malm\u00f6 could start claiming their independence as soon as they wish !, 
  iraq has no say in it . 
  just as russia has no say in east ukraine . 
  however , people who ** actually ** live in the east of ukraine have a right to claim their independence , without being called terrorists and get killed !, 
  american information/intel has been quite reliable so far . 
  i do n't see any reason to question what they say . 
  the good old false-friend , 
   you just got to use your brain a bit . 
  something you ca n't be accused of doing certainly . 
   knowing state owned media outlets are biased = / = omniscience . 
  perhaps that 's not what i was referring to ? 
  just sayin ' . 
   perhaps realising that state owned media outlets have conflicts of interests when reporting on geopolitics seems omniscient to you , but trust me it is an ability that is within your grasp . 
  thank god i have you to enlighten me on such a twisted issue . 
  unfathomable what could 've happen if you have n't told me this gem of wisdom . 
   being in favour of russia owning crimea is pro-western huh ? 
  interesting . 
  yes , you told me that already , and i 'm still not impressed . 
  if it makes you think you 're educated and well informed , so be it . 
  enjoy yourself . 
   you on the other hand are entirely happy to eat bullshit . 
  if you say so . 
  as you 're undeniably omniscient to know what 's bullshit and what 's not . 
  and being pro-west makes you automatically be smart . 
  i did n't say i do swollow every bs from rt or other media outlets . 
  you know , this nonsense goes both ways . 
  so why even bother ? 
  keep believing the west is the shiny place of righteousness . 
  i believe what the witness says , not because / or dispite the video coming from rt. 
  i get it , lies from your preferred media is better than what the actual witness has to say . 
  so the witness who -- according to reuters -- confirmed off-camera that the rockets came from the rebel held area -- although saying on-camera the rockets came from the ukrainian army controlled region -- , gave an rt interview where he said on-camera that reuters lied about the off-camera version . 
  [ rt interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=92&amp;v=xph-sh92j1s ), 
  and what would be your wild guess ? 
  accuse russia of what exactly ? 
  i 'm not , actually . 
  our mainstream media is fucked up beyond any hope right now . 
  that 's why the media lost credibility for  60 % of german population . 
  if you watch youtube videos of what our intelligenzia has to say about the mainstream media you 'll know that i 'm not making it up . 
  yea , but our media wo n't sell this as `` donbass wo n't back down '' . 
  instead it 'll be `` russia wo n't back down '' . 
  i did n't say i agree with him , actually i do n't . 
  the scary part though , is that he 's an advisor of the us government . 
  the more interesting thing would be to know how much influence on the us government the stratfor actually has , and who else -- of all those geopolitical advisors -- share the same views as mr. friedman . 
  we know that our polish friends would go anywhere to follow our us overlords , even if it 'd mean kill innocent civilian people and destroy whole countries . 
  at some point you just have to take a deep breath and reconsider your ties . 
  and this guy 's the founder of stratfor , so basically a geopolitical/geostrategical advisor of the us government . 
  you should also read the grand chessboard to get the full picture . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qelu_yyz3tc ) 's a video that is not russian propaganda . 
  unfortunately you are right , although 50 % and 2 comments is more than i could 've asked for . 
  i wonder if it 's the actual content or rather me being the submiter what triggers some -- certain ? 
  -- people to downvote ? 
  this whole thing smells like reverse psychology tactics . 
  again , you provide no specifics as to why your perception of the russian army is the way you describe . 
  do they ( us and russian army ) have different combat/warfare tactics , if so how do they differ and what 's the base for your assumption ? 
  do they have different technologies and equipment , if so how do they differ and what 's the base for your assumption ? 
  so , where -- in your opinion -- , is the difference wrt equipment and tech , between the russian and american army ? 
  if by `` modern warfare '' you mean war against civilian people , and guerilla afterwards , then yes , us army is well prepared for that . 
  if you watch putin 's actual interview , you 'll see there 's nothing that supports your claim of him `` planning a war '' or even an annexation of crimea . 
  well , well , well ... what do we have here . 
  azov wearing german uniforms . 
  so you did n't even bother searching ? 
   the parties shall enhance practical cooperation in conflict prevention and crisis management , in particular with a view to increasing the participation of ukraine in eu-led civilian and military crisis management operations as well as relevant exercises and training activities , including those carried out in the framework of the common security and defence policy ( csdp ) . 
  hilarious how people assume it takes some special skills to comprehend the `` reality '' according to what meainstream media is spitting out . 
  i 'm not even mad , though . 
  it 's just reddit , so who cares . 
  i 'm glad frau merkel 's not obeying our us overlords . 
  right , i 'm the one who 's being delusional . 
  you might want to do some research on your own and not parroting what the tv tells you is true . 
   since when is military co-operation = to joining nato ? 
  except that `` being controlled/run by '' does n't mean `` joining '' . 
  the rest of your nonsense is just the usual brainwashed propaganda , that i 'm not willing to reply to , because you ca n't be arsed to search for yourself for the events that actually happened and see the whole picture frome a perspective . 
  since when does a * trade agreement * contains military cooperation regulations ? 
   can i ask , do you only believe media outlets owned by the kremlin ? 
  if [ that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bod0t2ioq9c ) 's owned by the kremlin then yes   is it inconceivable to you that people can change their mind ? 
  uhm , it 's not . 
  but it 's not the case . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  you might want to search for crimean people being interviewed and voicing their opinion on the outcome of the referendum and their current situation being once again russians . 
   really ? 
  and thats because the kremlin told you they had `` moral authority '' they therefore unquestionably had `` moral authority '' ? 
  noone told me anything .
