good for him . 
  baarle nassau & baarle hertog are hilarious : http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/10096097.jpg, 
  yet some cheeses are banned . 
  freedom . 
  i get 40 at work , and a few friends with fibre are getting 40 too . 
  there is no way in hell that the average speed in the uk is 29.41 mbps . 
  thank go ... oh , no , that wo n't work, 
  it 's barely part of this planet, 
  it makes no difference at all to me , whether the customer wishes to pay in euros or sterling is irrelevant . 
  and in any case , all banks in the uk will offer businesses a euro account if they wish , my company has one so we can pay with whichever currency is required . 
  there is no need for the uk to join the euro . 
  it would not benefit trade between the uk and other euro countries , trading with them at the moment is * incredibly * easy . 
  in fact it 's easier than selling goods to a uk company as there is no vat implication . 
  yes, 
  the `` grass is greener '' thing is extremely prevalent in the uk too and is perpetuated by the tabloid media . 
  most sensible educated individuals recognise that it is probably one of the best places to live in the world . 
  a bit more sunshine would be nice though . 
  the article just reeked of american arrogance . 
  and yet some still insist that the us system of insurance offers the best care . 
  of course it does n't , it 's all about making as much money as possible out of people 's suffering and misfortune . 
   if it was decided to freeze the exchange rate 1 to 1 between $ and # , and if we changed the name `` euro '' to `` pound '' most brits would be happy with it i 'm sure . 
  haha , yes they probably would . 
  we do have erasmus , it 's just that nobody does it !, 
  it 's great , i would love to do it . 
  strangely the irish are keen on it , but brits not so much . 
  as / u/ctolsen said below , the 25-39 age group in the uk had a majority of 59 % considering themselves european . 
  so hopefully in the future when all the backwards elderly politicians are out of power we will have a more euro-friendly government !, 
  well researched !, 
  interesting to see that in the uk the 15-24 age group was lower than the 25-39 whereas in other nations it is higher . 
  and that on average 50 % of uk men considered themselves as european but only 45 % of women . 
  of course they believed him to be an immediate threat . 
  but every county in the eu * does * have it 's own culture , no country has `` lost '' their culture by being a part of the eu . 
  the `` leaders '' of the eu ( and by this i assume you mean the european parliament ) are elected by members of the eu . 
  i do n't really understand how the situation in yugoslavia relates to the current european union . 
  why though ? 
  what is the reason for it not being a good idea ? 
  i ask people this question a lot and they can rarely provide a decent answer . 
  i will say `` europe '' to mean `` mainland europe '' . 
  it is also used to refer specifically to the eu . 
  that is because we 're an island though , i do n't using that terminology reflects on their opinion of the eu . 
  well there 's your first problem . 
  for what reason is it `` monolithic '' though ? 
  yes , that is exactly what i am saying . 
  being related to gang members obviously makes an individual more likely to be a gang member themselves . 
  and he was known to the police , that 's why they were following him , and the police believed him to be a member of the tmd gang . 
  and , of course , he was carrying a gun around in a shoe box . 
   the eu is a monolithic train wreck and what makes you say that ? 
  i 'd say it 's close enough to have had an effect on the type of person he was . 
  maybe a little , but i have friends from ireland , france , lithuania , poland , and family that are dutch . 
  i have worked in companies where we would deal with benelux a lot , and had contact on a daily basis . 
  in my current job i buy from german and belgian companies , and the uk suppliers have production facilities all across europe . 
  every day i deal with european people both in the uk and in other countries . 
  not much anger , only from the family of duggan . 
  the guy was obviously in possession of a gun , whether he had it on him at the time he was shot is irrelevant , if the police thought he might have it then he was deemed a threat . 
  the family claiming that he was not a member of a gang is a bit rich considering he was related to des nooanan . 
  i feel that if this was broken down in to age groups then a majority of under-30s in the uk would consider themselves eu citizens . 
  i certainly do . 
  what do you mean `` a better metric '' ? 
  the title clearly states it 's about attending domestic matches . 
  the smaller countries have the highest figure as they have a higher proportion of their population attending games . 
  that is what the map illustrates . 
  how is it `` unfair '' ? 
  it 's a percentage of the population , not the number of people . 
   ... which brings me onto my next point . 
  londonders are assholes . 
  there is such an individualistic attitude in london that came as a huge shock to me . 
  i was from a very collectivist community and never really took city breaks ( london is the biggest city i 've ever been to by a long way ) so maybe it 's just because i 'm not used to it but everyone seems interested in themselves and no one else , ... 
  when you see the faces of many hundreds if not thousands of people in one day then you tend not to care . 
  but different if you see , say , 30-40 people . 
  yeah , this is a ridiculous album . 
  you could easily find pictures just as weird from the usa , western europe , africa , south america etc. 
  cutting a sandwich diagonally does genuinely make it taste better . 
  no idea why . 
  but it does . 
  i have never had to show my passport when crossing borders in europe , even at the eurotunnel border checks i 've only had to wave my passport at the officials when leaving the uk . 
  what the hell is going on in lithuania ? 
  i think it was tongue in cheek . 
  a lot of people are pissed off that we 're * not * doing anything . 
  it 's a basic right , not opening the floodgates to ravenous hordes of homosexuals who were absolutely desperate to get married . 
  and planning a wedding takes a while . 
  the disabled ? 
  those with a severe illness ? 
  learning difficulties ? 
  people with no immediate family ? 
  single mothers ? 
  i do n't think you understand the statistic . 
  it 's not the percentage of population that did go to college compared to the percentage that did n't , it 's what percentage of those demographics view their culture as superior . 
  and you ca n't just add those two numbers together . 
  i do n't think it 's that surprising when you look at the religion stats, 
  german food is delicious !, 
  especially bavarian , pork knuckle and wiener schnitzel ( okay , that 's austrian , but i 'm not splitting hairs ), 
  it 's not worth it for the 10 days of the year we would use it, 
  bentley !, 
   lot of sheep . 
  they say it 's just the welsh , but i 've seen them in england too . 
  the english look after the cows !, 
  the scots and welsh have most of the sheep !, 
   most of britsh cuisine sucks anyway this is a bit rich coming from a dutchman !, 
  that attitude pisses me off too . 
  when i 'm in europe ( and i 'm using europe here to refer to mainland europe ) , i feel like a citizen of europe .
