  i do n't feel like i am in a foreign country , not like when i 've been to russia , turkey , or the usa where i feel very much a foreigner . 
  i think being a part of europe is very important , although certainly the conservative government is sceptical of the eu . 
  older people seem to be the most sceptical , some of them still have a distrust of germans ( which is ridiculous ) and a dislike for the french . 
  younger people are much more pro-europe but the media seems keen to influence people against the eu . 
  if you know the approximate global temperatures , and depth of the seas/oceans you can estimate how much ice was contained in the ice sheets and arctic , thereby lowering the sea levels to expose the land . 
  a slip in english originally meant a woman 's underskirt . 
  not really worn these days though . 
  merci !, 
  exactly , it 's money moving around rather than just staying in one place . 
  and in the last 6 months we have seen a real surge in larger orders for more expensive items . 
  and i should personally earn around # 6,000 more in bonuses this year than i did last year . 
  so i have more money to spend and my company is making more also . 
  we sell re-usable distribution and storage crates/boxes . 
  we have had to focus more on second hand as there have been a lot available from re-possessions and because customers wanted the cheapest option . 
  but that has improved our profit margins as we make more money on second hand stuff . 
  i am lucky that my business and industry has been largely unaffected by the recession , and in some respects has actually benefitted . 
  however our growth this year has been very surprising and the ability of our customers to place large and regular orders with us is encouraging . 
  i could be surrounded by a bubble of optimism but it does seem that things are generally heading in the right direction . 
  the ukrainian and croatian governments have far too much free time on their hands, 
  i just read about it when i was reading up about topkapi palace before i went on holiday to istanbul . 
  this was a small part of a larger world map , sinai would have been on another section ( which has now been lost ) . 
  bizarre , i was just replying to him when he deleted the comment . 
  what a ridiculous suggestion . 
  they did . 
  it 's on the map . 
  the red sea is n't a lake, 
   now i see why you used `` repressed homosexual '' insult . 
  it was n't an insult . 
  you assumed it was an insult , because you 're scared of homosexuals . 
  why do you care ? 
  what impact does other people 's private lives have on you ? 
  i 'm not gay , not sure why you would assume i am . 
  you 're either a homophobe or , more likely , a repressed homosexual . 
  i know , i was pointing out the pointlessness of describing a certain type of behaviour as `` normal '' . 
  being a homophobe is not `` normal '' . 
   you can not force anyone to accept your behaviour as normal , if you keep throwing it on their face while demanding acceptance . 
  prancing around and yelling , that you are a homophobic bigot and you demand people treat you better than they treat the rest is going to get you nothing !, 
  suddenly i like the chinese a lot more than the japanese . 
  thanks china . 
  the uk is * literally * about to boot out many skilled foreign teachers , nurses and other workers because they earn less than # 35k a year !, 
  the vast majority of tourism in europe is from other eu countries . 
  but mainly because he 's a massive prick, 
  i do n't think either nation wants more morissey . 
   point out where i 'm wrong here . 
  convince me . 
  it 's difficult when your sentence does n't even make any sense . 
  yes , per capita both switzerland and norway are far higher . 
  you are confusing a visa with a passport . 
  i meant to reply to the person who had said that norway was not in the eu and is doing fine by itself , a common example cited by exit proponents . 
  but somehow i cocked it up !, 
  aww , thanks . 
  i 'm going to poland for the first time in june , really looking forward to it . 
  see , is n't it nice when everyone gets along ? 
  norway is part of schengen and has free travel between itself and the rest of the schengen area . 
  norway also has to accept the free movement of people between itself and eu member states . 
  norway has a higher net migration level than the uk does . 
  there is absolutely zero chance of the `` leave '' campaign being successful . 
  and quite rightly too , it would be an absolute disaster . 
  the fact that the only thing the leave campaign has to go on is immigration says it all . 
  i do n't see why , even if we were n't in the eu these people would still be trying to get into the uk . 
  have you ? 
   i mean what do you expect them to do , surrender ... ? 
  must ... resist ... easy ... joke, 
  they 'll probably be accepting american refugees by then anyway, 
  even when we leave there is n't any set decision on whether the free movement of existing eu countries would n't be allowed . 
  and in any case the uk is very accomodating to foreign students , you might get in easily even without an italian passport , have you looked into it ? 
  there are loads of foreign students in the uk . 
   the goal was to go to college in scotland but because of the brexit , ireland is my best shot . 
  absolutely nothing has changed and as an italian citizen you can still go to a college in scotland regardless of the brexit vote . 
  countries , economies . 
  who has it been bad for ? 
  the most ridiculous thing is that he 's from northern ireland and therefore legally entitled to an irish passport and therefore eu citizenship . 
  what ? 
  free movement of people has been a huge success . 
  these days ? 
  you 'll probably be happy to hear that of those he killed , 3 were turks and 3 were albanian . 
  but you probably would n't have needed it . 
  there are around 100 deaths caused by circumcision in the us each year . 
  a large proportion are done in a non-clinical setting , so complications are common . 
  where has anyone suggested kicking jews out of anywhere ? 
  there have been many many positive cases for staying , but the leave campaign just dismisses them without any plausible alternatives . 
  the remain campaign is the only one with actual credible economic forecasts and the support of organisations like the imf or wto . 
  how exactly are `` markets '' or `` the economy '' a solely right wing thing ? 
  again , you do not understand what the bbc is . 
  what do you mean `` a euphamism '' ? 
  all people from asia are described as `` asian '' in britain as most of our asian immigration comes from india , pakistan and bangladesh . 
  it is n't something uniquely made up by the press . 
  yeah , exactly , there is a huge problem that you could try to deal with , instead your idiot president is banging on about muslims and sweden and refugees . 
  what was the 2013 change ? 
   you have no idea what you 're talking about , you have just looked at some numbers and drawn ridiculously incorrect conclusions . 
  you 're the one that posted a graph without any kind of context whatsoever . 
  which , as has been stated , is due to a change in reporting in 2005 ( hence the large increase ) , and a change in societal attitudes which results in more victims reporting crimes ( hence the underlying trend of a gradually increasing rate , both before and after the large 2005 increase . 
  these figures do not correlate with immigration levels . ), 
  there is a clear , large jump in 2005 . 
  the increase was gradual , both before and after that , yes . 
  that gradual long term trend is due to the increased likelihood of a victim reporting the crime . 
  spikes in immigration are not mirrored in these statistics . 
  of course if you 're concerned about one country having better or worse statistics than another then maybe we should concentrate on the us 's huge homicide rate compared to other western developed nations ? 
  it increased between 2015 and 2016 , but 2015 saw a large drop on the figures from 2014 . 
  2014 was higher than 2016 .
