  freedom is n't free . 
  at least i do n't lie . 
  show me proof of trump being `` authoritarian '' . 
  after that you should fix that shithole of yours and then come back to lecture free people . 
   the isolationism is killing americas influence in the world . 
  they have n't done anything of that sort . 
  you do know that most countries have borders ? 
  not every country is like germany who lets everyone in . 
  others are doing well and so did usa pre nafta . 
   america will lag behind the eu that wo n't never happen . 
  i have noticed you germans are overly optimistic about eu . 
  why 's that ? 
   makes no sense . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  america = country eu = not a country . 
  how 's the german education btw ? 
   wrong . 
  correct . 
  eu ca n't do shit without a unanimous vote . 
  no one wants to ruin their relationship with usa just because germany wants to play . 
   even after brexit , the eu single market is significantaly larger than than the us domestic market . 
  we are talking over 100 million consuments more , than in the us ( after brexit , that is ) . 
  those 100 million consumers are pretty poor  also as eu is n't a country usa is always more lucrative place to trade with . 
   what ? 
  that is absolute nonsense . 
  what would germany need the us 's protection for ? 
  russia would never attack germany or the eu , the most problems germany has right now with terror and refugees are to a large extend caused by us interventionism in the middle east . 
  your point is just wishful thinking . 
  nothing you said holds weight . 
  what did germany do when usa spied your government and merkel ? 
  nothing :d without nato you do n't have defense . 
  the american army in europe gives them a huge leverage . 
  since ww2 usa has occupied germany and germany has done everything usa wants . 
   trump is an absolute disaster for the us . 
  why ? 
  i bet you ca n't come up with anything concrete, 
   americanically :d i hope germany stick with the si system, 
  freedom is n't free . 
  every citizen has the duty and right to displace a dictator by any means necessary . 
  freedom is n't free as almost every free country has shown . 
  he suppresses voters now ? 
  sorry but that 's just a leftist lie . 
  he 's going to have the election investigated so there 's nothing you can say to make him look undemocratic . 
  you do n't even know how the american election works ? 
  if the popular vote would matter then the election would look very different . 
  if you live in kansas there 's no reason for you to vote because a republican is going to win anyways . 
  so bringing the popular vote up is just stupid and dishonest . 
  is n't it good if illegals ca n't vote ? 
  i mean it 's against the law in every country . 
  what could be your problem with that ? 
   let 's not ask that they keep their mouth shut just because they were born in a less free country . 
  they are people like you and me . 
  no they are n't . 
  `` country '' is nothing more than it 's people . 
  they could earn their freedom if they truly wanted to . 
  you get democracy if you have a freedom loving ( mostly western ) culture . 
   first you make him a martyr , then you cause another strong man to take his place . 
  so basically you are saying that turkish people are sheep ? 
  well i do n't know why the most powerful superpower should care what sheep think . 
  first you earn your freedom and then maybe someone will take turkey seriously . 
  you know that almost every western country fought for their freedom ? 
  it 's not free . 
  it did n't . 
  germany in example is very much occupied and they do anything to keep america 's protection . 
  usa is much more important consumer market and it 's bigger in size also . 
  you do know that brexit happened right ? 
  also there 's no eu governement . 
  eu ca n't project power because it 's not a country . 
  you do know that brexit is now happening for real ? 
  that is the craziest thing i have ever heard !, 
  no wonder it looks like middle east in many cities there . 
  belarus ? 
  yes i 'm saying that slavs have different values . 
  you know these ideas are the biggest factor on who we are ? 
  sure there 's common history and so but our culture was born somewhere very different . 
  that is truly promising  then it 's much better than in russia . 
  because ? 
  less fucked than eu at least . 
  sure . 
  but it 's just too weak . 
  usa has the upper hand with eu 2 . 
  eu does nothing to change that . 
  you ca n't even see the whole of finland !, 
  but without free and fair elections they are not `` elected '' . 
  was hitler a dictator ? 
  with your logic he was not . 
  of course you have that right but if you do n't actively oppose that totally-not-dictator erdogan then your words do n't have any value . 
  i ca n't comprehend why people just wo n't kill him . 
  every person has a right to live free . 
  i find this cover very ironic coming from a german newspaper . 
  of course not , they have freedom of speech unlike turkey . 
  but eu is not in position to `` give a change '' to america, 
  i meant eu already does that and that wo n't change . 
  not really because eu already does that . 
  and that wo n't change . 
  no the english world `` liberalism '' words change their meaning you know ? 
  looks like your definition was ' t 100 % accurate either :  whereas classical liberalism emphasises the role of liberty , social liberalism stresses the importance of equality . 
   a eu state just so you know we still have countries . 
  america is a federation . 
  you comparison does n't make any sense .
