  i do n't think anyone in europe includes race in the statistics . 
  lol whatever, 
  that 's why smart people use cans and trucks , 
  what ? 
  more like couple if months worth . 
  irish drink more btw, 
  you could say that, 
  well finland is like sweden 's mexico, 
  not true , finland has very few foreigners and most of the construction sites are not in helsinki . 
  my father has an illegal gun and no one cares ( well police may if you tell them ) . 
  it 's not like he visits every week . 
  actually that 's not a large amount at all . 
  why would you buy drinks for strangers ? 
  you did n't know that swedes do n't appreciate finns ? 
  not really . 
  companies use them as cheap labor in and around helsinki . 
  go to jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4 and see how many estonians they have, 
  yea keep telling that to yourself :d, 
  you live in a cave if you do n't know that estonians commit a lot of crimes in finland . 
  also there 's a huge number of them in finnish prisons, 
  100 litres of pure alcohol you mean . 
  100l of beer is nothing, 
  the elvish language is based on finnish . 
  playstation player for sure, 
  they have a huge wall in africa . 
  also gibraltar has very strong currents, 
  i guess it 's good for a public transportation and i have just used to my freedom haha, 
  we have none of those in finland . 
  also even in paris your `` circle of life '' is very limited without a car, 
  and this is why i have always owned a car, 
  finnish definately ca n't pronounce w, 
  hmm sounds like in america communist means just anything reasonable, 
  are we talking about apartment buildings ? 
  in less advanced countries they have a boiler per household for some reason . 
  of course detached houses have one per household haha, 
  i do n't live in sweden but i think they should make more than that . 
  i work in stem and our multi billion company employs both finns and americans . 
  the cost for employer is pretty much the same , that i know for a fact . 
  here you multiple employee 's salary by roughly 1,5 and get the total expense . 
  maybe that number is lower in america so they pocket little more . 
   and most americans disagree with you . 
  thats the great thing about different people having different governments that represent their personal preference in lifestyle . 
  i 'm just saying there is a big trade off , in sweden or denmark , your are certainly in an advantage if you do n't make a lot of money , but after you work a certain point ( after surpassing 50k ) you are put at a disadvantage living in a socialized country . 
  again , it 's great for people struggling or okay making lower-level medium wages . 
  for people that want to enter higher level earnings ( 70k + ) they are put at a huge disadvantage by paying for all those benefits that your mcdonald employees get . 
  on this i agree . 
  i know multiple people who have worked in america and most of them do n't want to live there because their work culture is so much harder . 
  in example engineers regularly work more than 37,5 hours per week ( our standard ) . 
  people just do n't care that much about money here because you can reach the middle class by doing almost nothing . 
  is ca california ? 
  sounds like your area is better than other places in your country  but i have to mention that two weeks of sick leave is n't nearly enough if something goes wrong . 
  what ? 
  i bought my first apartment when in college . 
  it 's cheaper and smarter than renting  basically no normal adult here rents and according to wikipedia we own much more often than americans do . 
  well around here you really ca n't buy anything for $ 100k so maybe that 's why . 
  i wonder how much your stay at home wife and kid cost to you . 
  here they would get subsidies . 
  but our health care is much more efficient so even by your logic it was much cheaper . 
  america spends like 2x more to health care and gets worse results . 
  i 'm not going to compare those benefits to ours but they seem pretty good . 
  but i have to mention that even a mcdonald 's worker gets those and more here ... 
  i 'm not saying america is like the worst place to live . 
  but it 's not honest to say they always have it better than the swedes do . 
   the us is probably the best place on planet earth to be if you 're successful and hard working well most people around here disagree . 
  you need to work much more to reach our average level . 
  did you sort that table by `` median wealth '' ? 
  it clearly shows that swedes have more money . 
  no it does not say that . 
  is english your first language ? 
  in this topic we are talking about individual wealth . 
  and a median swede has more than a median american . 
  according to this ( washington post ) americans have little more : https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/files/2012/07/medianwealth.jpg i always thought swedes were richer than finns !, 
  i can afford more stuff . 
  every year i travel to other continents and our company pays for it , my apartment is much more expensive than their houses , i just got a surgery and did n't pay anything . 
  stuff like that . 
  also some things are weirdly expensive in america even though they have lower taxes . 
  electricity , mobile and internet subscriptions , water , some restaurants , some food , kindergarten , education and health care of course . 
  i heard that even if you have an insurance you end up paying a lot of money . 
  how about everything else on my list ? 
  by median wealth swedes are richer than americans https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult for some reason swedes have more money though . 
  i think it 's because americans have so much more expenses, 
  yea but you still cost more to your employer . 
  btw what if you get brain cancer and need years worth of treatments and sick leave ? 
  how about paternity and maternity leave ? 
  vacations ? 
  sick days ? 
  college ? 
  drugs ? 
  kindergarten ? 
  sorry but overall americans are much poorer because they have to pay for everything themselves . 
  i have multiple american friends ( all engineers ) and i can tell you i live much better than them . 
  i think our incomes are comparable to sweden . 
  they pipe hot steam around the city . 
  btw why do n't you have just one big boiler for the whole house ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they have more advanced systems than that . 
  at least we do, 
  are americans fat even when they born ? 
  tesla was american actually . 
  i did n't mean they did n't do bad things .
