  those salaries are pretty bad for many succesful people . 
  there was what ? 
  :d okayy now i see , you are just a leftist populist with little facts . 
  like a persu but leftist . 
  their wages are low already and that would n't help anything . 
  even with the current wage many people just ca n't afford to become a politician . 
  it 's very little money with someone on a proper career . 
  you do n't know what they did but still you are certain it 's something bad ? 
  wow, 
  yes it is . 
  i do n't want to pay for your living . 
  sorry about that . 
  also it 's immoral to bankrupt our country just because you are too lazy to survive for couple of years . 
  there 's no extra money to be shared , no matter what the left claims, 
  that 's not true . 
  finnish schools are very well funded . 
  or maybe you want to pay some extra taxes for nothing ? 
  i mean we ca n't afford even our current spending, 
  they really did n't . 
  also with a huge deficit they do n't have any other choice . 
  it 's funny how leftists can never explain where the money should come from . 
  i do n't want to pay any extra taxes, 
  yea it 's not an authority on this, 
  hmm they just gave colleges more money . 
  where do you get your news from ? 
  i do n't think it is . 
  at least our `` bbc '' is n't . 
  lol nice russian troll/state media tactic there . 
  `` nothing is true '' , no true scotcman etc, 
  brits are very uneducated . 
  you would n't be able to read this graph well if it was n't zoomed . 
  only some illeterate daily mail readers would fall for that, 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's just no one politician can do it, 
  rt is controlled by the state . 
  everything they say is approved by fsb etc. 
  i see . 
  rt is russian state propaganda . 
  i do n't know why daily mail is not allowed, 
   nobody is elected without the support of the majority that 's not how democracy works in europe . 
  most mps get like < 1 % support, 
  not wealthy . 
  just many people living in the same place, 
  without a job you ca n't come . 
  but this is about salaries !, 
  part timers and students do n't have salaries !, 
  finland has a very low amount of part timers btw . 
  like 95 % of the active workforce has a full time job . 
  well do you think others should pay for your debt ? 
  i think our schools maybe better than yours then because zooming in charts like this is very normal . 
  i would like to see how charts look like in your country :d this shows us perfectly the variation during that time period . 
  making the scale smaller would n't make any sense . 
  basic math is `` manipulating '' ? 
  omg . 
  i would like to see the methodology . 
  in every poll i have seen , a vast majority of finns have been against mass immigration, 
  this graph is perfectly fine and not misleading at all . 
  your country has n't mastered the art of scaling yet ? 
  umm i 'm going need a source for this . 
  these numbers are highly different from anything i have seen before, 
  why ? 
  they are not in the work force so it does n't matter . 
  well not really because that number is correct . 
  the median for people working . 
  not for every single citizen . 
  i do n't see how that comparison would any sense . 
  well you should find it very helpful as now there 's going to be less debt for you to pay when you start paying taxes . 
  and you do understand that nowhere else you get paid for studying ? 
  work , loans and parents are how  99 % of people pay for their college, 
   croatians have the legal right to move across continent because we are citizens of the eu . 
  only if you have jobs . 
  eu passport does n't guarantee you a permanent residense in another country, 
  no it 's not . 
  why would you count children and students ?? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  how could students earn salary if they do n't work ? 
  with that logic finnish people are super rich because basically no other country has this kind of socialism . 
  well that 's true . 
  but nothing happens because our people are too leftist so the governemnt ca n't come up with reforms . 
  no one wants to part with those sweet sweet subsidies, 
  let 's not !, 
  it 's so fucking irritating . 
  but the sunny side is that once again the taxpayer from some big country with an industry to support will pay for that . 
  of course cashiers and bus drivers are not supposed to make median . 
  even finland is n't * that * socialist okay at this point you are just trolling . 
  or maybe you believe in some europe/finland wide conspiracy :d, 
  what . 
  the . 
  are you serious ? 
  omg i 'm so glad to live in a small country so i do n't have to pay for these projects, 
  lol they have done than most governments . 
  but it 's hard because finns are so damn red . 
  no one wants to part with those sweet subsidies, 
  what 's the matter with you two ? 
  / u/eurofederalist leftist students from / r/suomi ? 
  the * median * salary is about 3k $ / month and for some reason basically everyone i know makes that or more , myself included . 
  so according to your logic no one makes less than 3k $ in finland . 
  that was like 20 years ago . 
  many people hate this roaming thing also because most countries have super high rates so people fear it could affect our rates, 
  omg !,
