  do you have any relatives who died for nothing in some shit hole ? 
  well that 's the most likely scenario 2 . but the dollar may have dark future if america keeps printing money . 
  in any case it 's a huge part of your national budget . 
  china has always been very peaceful so maybe it 's a good thing that they are the most powerful again . 
  also eu is n't interested in wars either . 
  maybe wars are a thing only for very young countries such as america ? 
  yes of course ad hominem proves you 're right . 
  eu is by far the most important trade partner for finland . 
  russia is like 5 % so they really do n't matter . 
  well when you went to iraq europe told you to fuck yourself ( quite literally ) . 
  england was the only country stupid enough to join you . 
  yes there is this one co operation contract but that gives nato absolutely no power to deploy anything in finland . 
  no i do n't live russia but i also disapprove these stupid little games of yours . 
  go to austria instead . 
  maybe they are stupid enough to join your little club . 
  also people are not stupid enough to hate an individual because of his country 's oppressive policies . 
  haha you are n't miserable with your ad hominems when someone disagrees with you ? 
  ah the sweet sweet ignorance, 
  well you have some googling to do . 
  your country has very oppressive laws . 
  and you need to attend some societies class of you think that your country has better human rights than anyone, 
  nato has no change if russia wants to take the baltics . 
  no that 's what undeveloped countries do . 
  look at china , they are smart enough to look into future and do n't care to start oil wars . 
  have you seen how much money america owes to other countries ? 
  it 's not like you can afford any wars . 
  good for the 1 % that you think that way . 
  just google `` the most powerful leader in the world ''  funny that even your own scholars recognize putin and xi  actually finnish-russian trade is nearly non-existent . 
  just look at what happened when you started your little oil war in iraq , looks like you have just one european friend and that is england . 
  no finland does n't have any binding defense agreement with anyone . 
  no that agreement does n't say `` nato can deploy '' . 
  is that what fox news told you ? 
  when you really look into this it 's the america who is aggressive not russia . 
  hmm china is propably the most powerful but they are not violent at all . 
  maybe there 's something wrong with your culture ? 
  well is n't it true that your president can incarnate you without a trial for indefinite time ? 
  also is n't it true that your police can murder you at will ? 
  sorry but i really ca n't see how your country is any better than the ussr . 
  bay of the pigs was about freedom ? 
  : dd do you really believe this shit ? 
  :d thanks for the laughs, 
  nope . 
  america went apeshit when cuba became friends with the ussr . 
  they even tried to occupy it but failed :d difference is that russia was actually successful with crimea, 
  you are delusional and ignorant about america 's position in europe . 
  america has absolutely nothing to do with defending finland and that 's a fact . 
  no i meant that us is constantly playing these geopolitical games . 
  do you really think they `` defend '' europe out of pure good will : dd finland trains with basically everybody near it 's borders . 
  so americans participating one multinational war game does n't prove anything . 
  finland has no defense agreement with anyone so you are lying . 
  america is by far the most violent country there is . 
  yep just like usa did with cuba . 
  also it 's pitiful that you do n't mention georgia at all . 
  sorry but most people hate you around here and no one thinks that your little games help anyone . 
  omg you are delusional and ignorant . 
  why did n't you post stories of every exercise finnish army does ? 
  btw as i see you are not a smart person i need to educate you on this : armies train with each other all the time . 
  conveniently you did n't mention sweden or russia at all . 
  there certainly was some provoking going on . 
  i love how you skipped georgia :d sorry to break it to you but most people are happy with no americans playing their games around here . 
  german tax payer in the other hand is very happy about you . 
  are you really sure it 's america who is in the upper hand here ? 
  i mean to me it seems like they save a huge amount of money but america gets very little back . 
  yep people of ukraine and georgia really have a reason to hate america . 
  finland is ranked as the most stable country in world by american scholars . 
  soo thanks but no thanks :d, 
  yes it 's actually a negative factor , so please go home . 
  which propaganda outlet told you that norway and estonia are `` full of american troops '' ? 
  how can you leave from some place you have never been at ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you implied that america somehow defends finland . 
  well you skipped the part where you explain how america helps to defend finland . 
  ah the good old american ignorance !, 
  you guys had better reputation pre internet for some reason :d, 
  and you are an idiot who thinks that your country is great . 
  for some reason google disagrees with you on everything . 
   she endures what is for many aging americans an unforgiving economy . 
  nearly one-third of u.s. heads of households ages 55 and older have no pension or retirement savings and a median annual income of about $ 19,000 . 
  i do n't know how one can have multiple pensions, 
  severance pay ? 
  yes that 's also law mandated, 
  well yes and that 's the reason why in other countries the governement helps people  sounds very scary to end up unemployed in your country . 
  do you mean you have four investment products that you call pension ? 
  `` net per capita financial assets '' you must be joking ? 
  in the real life americans are very poor : http://libertyblitzkrieg.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/american-middle-class1.jpg i do n't understand how you can use your vacation without taking a vacation : s, 
  i have no idea what those are . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  you have you job after like 6 months of sick leave ? 
  no it does n't . 
  not at least inside of our multinational . 
   more than half of americans , 56 % , have not taken a vacation in the last year , according to the insurance company allianz global assistance . 
   last year , the number of unused vacation days in the us reached a 40-year high . 
  for some reason google does n't agree with you on anything . 
  keep telling that to yourself, 
  sure but that 's like the last thing i would like to my tax money to go . 
  all i can say is that at least in my stem field you have better life here . 
  especially if you have children . 
  that 30 day vacation thingy is nice as far as you do n't get fired for taking them . 
  this is very common in america . 
  many people do n't take any vacation out of fear . 
  google it if you do n't believe me  ps .
