  enforcing your borders is n't `` an act of war '', 
  not true . 
  also military ships are handled differently . 
  that would be cool . 
  there 's nothing ruskies could do about it . 
  yea ruskies just want to help assad, 
   uusimaa  all the other names are cities facepalm to that article, 
  do n't forget the no-fly list, 
  sorry but you ca n't move to finland with your non-finnish passport if you do n't have employment . 
  florida is a sovereign country ? 
   that greatly dislike the us and americans have you ever travelled abroad ? 
  romania just has too many poor people . 
  who knows how many criminals/beggars they would send to the us . 
   `` you said a small fraction '' i did ? 
   my point was not everywhere in the us is the same . 
  there are places with big city problems like chicago and places that are heavily armed that have very little crime . 
  yea must suck to live in many places inside of the us . 
  but actually why do you keep talking about crime ? 
  usa has higher crime rate in every category , guns or no guns . 
  this is a fact anyone can google easily . 
  all i said is that your healthcare/social system is something no one in europe is jelous of . 
  people would never accept letting poor people die just because . 
   the us state of vermont is the most heavily armed state , yet has a murder rate similar to finland 's . 
  it is not facing the many of the problems big us cities are facing . 
  it 's higher actually . 
  what does this has to do with anything ? 
   also , if you think only a small fraction of americans have their cancer diagnosed and treated you 're delusional . 
  when i was a kid my mom was cured of cancer and we were far from well off . 
  we were struggling financially . 
  however i am sure you will continue to believe what you want regardless of facts . 
  i 'm not delusional , you are if you seriously think that any hobo in america can afford to get every lump checked . 
  do you really think that your financial status does n't have anything to do of how well you get treated in america ? 
  as i see you are not very educated man , i can help you with google : http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2009/09/new-study-finds-45000-deaths-annually-linked-to-lack-of-health-coverage/, 
  during my time at university , i had a lot of foreign exchange student friends . 
  i call ignorance . 
  during my time at university i met numerous exchangers who wanted to stay but did n't find employment . 
   of them , i can only recally one that wanted to find employment and could not . 
  all others who tried seeking it found it . 
  some of them were master 's students like me , some were going for their doctorate . 
  not everyone found employment that fit their profession . 
  as in some went to work for rovio , nokia , and so on , while some that were looking for a side job because they were n't far in their studies got same jobs that rest of us got - cleaning and so on . 
  doctorate students generally got employed by university itself , because the jobs they did were highly specialized and difficult . 
  yea rovio and nokia both failed sooo :d are you seriously claiming that immigrants are on the same level as finnish people ? 
   current recession likely hit those job opportunities , but it hit them for everyone . 
  rovio and nokia failed because they are shitty companies , no recession to blame it on . 
  `` normal '' tech companies never took hiring foreigners as something of value . 
  all the non finnish people at my office are employees from other locations , this is how it works with most other companies too . 
   it has one of the highest cancer survival rates in the world . 
  its not without healthcare . 
  the current system is similar to that of the netherlands , albeit , more expensive . 
  false . 
  those who get diagnosed and properly treated have a good change to survive . 
  but that 's only a fraction of the whole population . 
  it 's one of the sickest `` rich '' countries around . 
  this is studied academically , no way you can spin it other way around . 
   police intervention needs to be thoroughly looked at in the us . 
  however , it is important to differentiate between justified and unjustified homicides . 
  if you are referring to the guardian article that has gained so much attention , one of the people the profiled shot someone and was pointing a gun at police . 
  there are far more armed criminals in the us so it is only natural there will be more armed conflicts with police . 
  well that 's your problem , not / r/europe 's . 
  i have seen numerous plain murders committed by the us police , so please keep your conservative ideas to yourself . 
  btw it 's kinda funny that countries like switzerland and finland are also full of guns , yet people do n't shoot each other or police , 
   allright , i do n't know who you are , but you are clearly clueless . 
  we had specific classes for students from african countries that had weak english skills to brush them up on them asap to get them studying . 
  notably we had similar programme for those who had short math in lyceum to get them up to speed on math and so on . 
  this was not unusual in any way . 
  allright , i do n't care about african students . 
  i was talking about finnish people . 
  sure we have all kinds of programs but my point was that no one requires you to have good english . 
  your article bundles high school and vocational/technical school together , i do n't see how that 's related to anything . 
  especially people not going to high school do n't basically learn english at any point . 
  also you do n't have to take any english classes in high school and even if you do , that does n't mean you can speak well . 
   quoting finnish ministry of education : in 2012 , only 18,3 % of people did n't get at least second degree education ( i.e. 
  lyceum or vocational training comparable to it ) . 
  yea i was talking about high school , not vocational school . 
  people not going to high school do n't even have a change to take proper english classes . 
   i have no idea who you are and what is the axe you have to grind with finnish education system , but could you please stop pulling numbers and claims out of your ass ? 
  well i 'm someone who does n't like propaganda . 
  if you open your own link you can see that i was right with my claim that < 50 % of finnish get any kind of academic degree . 
  no one learns english in comprehensive school even if you take all the classes . 
  well a country without health care and where police killing over 1000 people a year is kinda 3rd world i think . 
  sure you can `` survive '' but you will never be part of the society . 
  people did n't hire immigrants even before this `` recession '' so i do n't think that 's to blame . 
  umm no they are n't :d if you do n't know english well before going to university you wo n't learn it there . 
  and you can easily get in university without knowing a word of english as you do n't have to take those courses in high school . 
  i do n't think i got any points from my english classes  a-level language can be russian or german as well . 
  i know numerous people with masters degree who speak bad english . 
  btw 50 % of finns do n't even go to high school and thus never study `` a-language '', 
  not for students but i was talking about work . 
  just google it , there has been lots of cry about how foreigners ca n't get hired because they do n't speak finnish . 
  even our company 's `` official language '' is english but that does n't mean anyone would hire a non native, 
  but those courses are laughably easy and if you study stuff like history you can easily graduate without learning english well . 
  i 'm 100 % i have more knowledge than an average chinese or indian . 
  i have been there multiple times so i kinda agree . 
  but it 's kinda horrible to see people begging for food etc : /, 
  yea as there 's not federal taxes in the eu . 
  also i can assure you there 's never going to be a republic here . 
  btw numerous times americans even on this site defend their 3rd world social policies by saying that it 's impossible to have it better as america is big . 
  so if that 's how it works i think finland should exit even this current form of union :d, 
  10k in vat ?
