  no it 's not . 
  all the western planes are in consideration and f-35 has the upper hand . 
  no way gripen is more advanced than a modern f-16 . 
  just like finnish f-18s are built to take off from a ship and makeshift runways are a standard practice , 
  but they are what makes a country shitty . 
  i do n't want to make our country shitty . 
  it 's because some idiots think that we need to act `` civilized '' and be a part of the nordics, 
   is he actually implying `` finno-ugric '' is some kind of insult ? 
  as for `` hickville '' , i honestly could not care less . 
  if we are to be branded as backwards forest folk , then at least it 's because we had some spine . 
  yes he is . 
  for a hippie-commie-retard like him it is an insult to be anything other than `` european ''  it 's as if some people think our country 's reputation among certain kinds of people is more important than its well-being . 
  umm many finns think like that . 
  haha you may be right , 
  a lot of people in finland . 
  there 's so many humanist women who would do anything to get a job at the un ... their biggest problem with these news was that someone was n't getting some job she was promised etc, 
  what a nice and vibrant culture they have, 
  you were too fast as the stock is still sliding, 
  yes they are . 
  they are citizens of your shitty country . 
  we do n't like them, 
  well there 's not many companies doing much business in america around here . 
  but to australia and canada i could get a work permit by filling out some papers, 
  finnish media is right wing now ? 
  wow !, 
  not true . 
  they are coming in their own . 
  they believe finland has the best subsidies etc, 
  many people do . 
  it 's infuriating even to some not introverted finns, 
  victoryyy, 
  could you just stop sending beggars and criminals to my country ? 
  not true . 
  i could get a work visa to australia by filling out some papers , 
  i 'm so glad i live in a country where i do n't have to worry about bs like that ... 
  it 's  700 $ / month in finland . 
  loan is just one part of it . 
  no idea why you did n't count it . 
   also you do n't have to pay interest for the time you 're studying ( or even after graduating if you do n't get employed right away ) . 
  so basically even if you do n't need student loan , you should always take max amount and invest it . 
  there 's interest, 
  not true . 
  in germany rents are very low, 
  nope . 
  we can just afford it . 
  i make my own laundry and food, 
  you do know what a speed trap is ? 
  what ? 
  no speed traps in helsinki . 
   people do complain here too . 
  there are even some signs that public does not trust that police to be able to solve some crimes , which can lead into f.ex . 
  street justice . 
  it does n't matter as finnish police is super effective, 
  finland is so safe that i take this as 1st place , 
  i ca n't help you if you think this is not news that affects europe . 
  please explain ? 
  even the american government thinks that germany has fallen and you are saying that 's not `` on-topic '' for / r/europe ? 
  nice cherry picking . 
  for most cases it 's more than $ 425 . 
  and what about complications ? 
  that you are bullshitting people . 
  health care is sickly expensive in america and everybody knows it . 
  your national abortion clinic has very different estimates : https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/abortion/in-clinic-abortion-procedures, 
  but that does n't make any sense because you need much more than $ 400-500, 
  are they free for foreigners ... ? 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the average hospital bill for any operation is much more than that . 
  are you talking about some deductible after some shitty `` insurance '' ? 
  so my guess was correct . 
  maybe germans will set up some clinics by the border, 
  can polish people really afford that ? 
  an abort would be at least couple grand here in finland . 
  eu does n't guarantee you free health care . 
  you could to a foreign country but they could and would bill you . 
  yea . 
  they basically gift degrees to anyone nowadays, 
  i see you are not well educated : / first of all selling air with 6 billion is kinda good deal . 
  at least around here it is . 
  also if you really understand anything about this topic you know that these numbers are good : http://company.nokia.com/en/news/press-releases/2016/02/11/nokia-corporation-report-for-q4-2015-and-full-year-2015 do you even understand that highest `` net revenue '' is n't what companies are after for ? 
  oh and you are comparing apples to oranges . 
  some network company to conglomerates . 
  oh and with those numbers , samsung 's profit is pathetic : http://www.statista.com/statistics/237093/samsungs-operating-profit-quarterly-figures/ huawei is in the same ballpark : http://www.cnbc.com/2016/03/31/huawei-2015-earnings-see-stronger-revenue-growth-net-profits.html those two are not good companies at all . 
  google alphapet , microsoft , apple if you want to see some real tech companies making money . 
   going from the innovative lead on the market to the royalty-reaping underdog is not a good example of how good education triumphs over repressive societies , or huawei would n't see a 650 % growth where nokia has seen 73 % decline i see you do n't have education so i 'm trying to keep this simple . 
  first of all when you get to finance pi to other companies that 's the perfect situation for you . 
  you do understand passive income right ? 
  as i stated earlier , having lots of revenue is n't desirable and i pity you if you think that 's how companies are valued :d huawei is a crappy company , sorry . 
  i know you russians for some reason love china but propaganda has no place in business . 
  why do you keep talking about nokia anyways ? 
  communism has fallen , big and slow companies are not what drives growth in today 's world . 
  in every advanced country most people work for small to medium sized firms . 
  once again science disagrees with you . 
  no they did n't fail :d they are doing fine and samsung is paying them for every phone they make . 
  you do know that the microsoft deal was one of the nicest success stories ever ? 
  umm it 's like 30 or 20 billion company and they make nice profits . 
  all possible because of education . 
  guess what the average salary in tech ? 
  of course , freedom is the only way  i did n't mean you should n't be smart in spending . 
  i 'm just saying education is a good investment and it will help other sectors too . 
  even today you ca n't manufacture a phone without paying patent fees to some tech students ( nokia ) ... talking about efficiency ,
