  sure that 's going to happen :d, 
  for us non autistic persons it 's quite normal to talk with other people, 
  yea but that does n't mean you can survive without finnish or that anyone would hire you . 
  honestly no one wants to talk english if there 's like one immigrant in the coffee table, 
  yea but actually they do n't teach english in college . 
  you learn it on your own or you do n't . 
  i see . 
  do n't know how this republic stuff works in germany in example but my point was that the eu is n't country , 
  valid eu id card that is . 
  btw i do n't know anyone who has one ... yep . 
  so clearly it 's just an another contract between countries . 
  you ca n't register your residency based on turism btw . 
  money or work needed . 
  and for most people this means work  but my point was that usa is only a one country so you can move freely but the eu is not . 
  they are . 
  you have 90 days to get employment or provide proof that you can support yourself by other means . 
  is this so if i move from new jersey to california ? 
  ahaha your name really suits you . 
  in case you are just ignorant : free movement of people does n't mean that the eu is suddenly a republic like usa . 
  i 'm sorry but your education failed you as only a fool would claim that eu = country or that usa and eu are somehow comparable . 
  you would get arrested without your passport if you are not a citizen of finland or one of the nordics . 
  you are wrong . 
  new jersey and california are n't sovereign states . 
  even if you are an eu citizen you ca n't just move to finland . 
  you need to work to be able to stay indefinately . 
  a member state can easily break eu directives , i 'm kinda sure states of germany or usa ca n't do that . 
  okay i see you live in a poor country . 
  i 'm sorry for you and want to assure you that i have personally nothing against you . 
  so no need to get defensive over some basic facts . 
  we can talk more if you can provide me a peer reviewed study that proves that any of those countries is better for living than the west . 
  i have a decent idea . 
  i know many people who have been expats there and also many immigrants to finland . 
  sorry but you are horrible in math , i do n't think they account even for 2.5 / 5 of the world 's population . 
  but poor them , they have such bad living conditions there . 
  i 'm glad to be a part of the `` 2/5 ''  no i 'm 100 % sure i know much more about those both countries than the other way around . 
  good . 
  only in finnish , sorry . 
  finland has contracts with almost all of the nations , sadly not including iraq as americans started a war there recently . 
  as we speak they are trying to negotiate a new one as iraq is seen safe again . 
  to syria it 's not possible to deport anyone but that does n't matter as these refugees are not from there . 
  everyone who 's application does n't get approved gets deported from finland . 
  they even have these holding centers for people waiting to get flown out , 
  :d no problem, 
  this would be a much better place to buy : http://www.suomikauppa.fi/index.php?language=en, 
  i already have , 
  i just noticed that i got banned from / r/finland :d, 
  i see you are from romania , you could do it legally if you wanted . 
  * diplomatical, 
  why do you get so angry ? 
  and what do you know about me ? 
  all 3 of those countries have very low living standards and especially china no freedom . 
  that alone makes them shitholes to me . 
  btw i find it 's kinda funny that people of those countries do anything to get out , yet you are claiming they are as good as any other place :d ps . 
  have you ever been to india ? 
  if you ever visited you would understand my term `` shithole '' has many meanings in this context , 
  that is true . 
  i hope no one bans me . 
  interesting . 
  but actually there 's some truth to this as most homicides are commited with knives . 
  also for some reason many young people carry them around . 
  why ? 
  poor thing , you could n't be more incorrect, 
  how do you know ? 
  you have to be an engineer to be safe in the 3rd world . 
  not here at least . 
  parking tickets are controlling people 's lives ? 
  sorry but that 's just stupid . 
  try to say mean things about the leader of your country and you will see how free it is . 
  in this sense africa is significantly less developed than europe . 
  only stupid people do n't understand that parking tickets have nothing to do with freedom . 
  actually they get deported . 
  like 2/3 will leave, 
  if you are serious you can order it online to anywhere, 
  do n't they line up to get out of france to germany and the uk ? 
  name one place where people have more information, 
  it would . 
  finland does n't give you up if there 's a danger on your life, 
  in finland housing and money indefinitely, 
  do every swedish think finns enjoy stabbing other people ? 
  that 's not even expensive for a finnish person, 
  hmm okay . 
  i saw a newstory about that copyright thingy . 
  kinda cool actually . 
  should i believe you ? 
  it is n't true that nazi symbols are banned by law ? 
  i actually read it a few years ago . 
  it 's not even that full of hatred . 
  it 's mostly a political manifest type of thing . 
  here in the free world no book can be banned , 
  hmm let me rephrase . 
  these smes are mostly subcontractors . 
  so you need big companies to employ them . 
  rarely they have products of their own . 
   ship building : meyer , abb and w\u00e4rtsil\u00e4 . 
  sure , you will complain that the first two are n't our companies . 
  but so what ? 
  the important thing is that they have operations here and employ people . 
  they employ like < 10k people in finland ? 
   health tech : planmeca and polar electro radio tech : nokia nano tech : picosun software : well maybe i was a bit too optimistic on this one , since we do n't have anything like google . 
  but we have managed to create a decent number of small but innovative companies .
