  surely they had other models to offer also, 
  do n't know about the sanctions but huge players like india , china and russia do n't like to buy from america . . hell they could n't even get brazil to buy their military jets , canada is backing down etc. 
  well if i had to choose one . 
  also politically many big buyers prefer airbus . 
   our current reserve is +900 000 people . 
  the same number for ukraine , is 700 000 . 
  do n't lie , finnish military is only 230k . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_defence_forces iraq had 1,15 million troops and reservists , absolutely no match against usa . 
  coalition had only < 200k in the invasion . 
  with simultaneous air and ground assaults they destroyed that big finnish style mass army almost without own casualties . 
   so have technology and tactics for defending places , as well . 
  there 's nothing stopping russia from landing their troops to helsinki ? 
  how about some anti-aircraft . 
  you mean anti-aircraft guns ? 
  well those do n't help against submarines , ships and missiles . 
  americans were able to cripple iraq 's air defences with no problem . 
  also anti-radar missiles are cool   that is just fundamentally wrong . 
  yes , russia would use some of their world class special forces units and airborne troops to conquer cities . 
  but in order to move armor and massive amounts of troops , you still got ta march through that thick forest . 
  try to understand that . 
  no you do n't , i 'm pretty sure russia has something similar to marines and even the current setup of their baltic fleet includes amphibious ships  so you have fun in your `` thick forest '' while ruskies are raiding alkos on the west coast . 
  also they do n't need to `` conquer '' that many cities as there are basically one that counts . 
   according to wikipedia , the u.s.a led coalition ( they did n't fight alone , mind you ) had 309 000 troops , and the opposing iraq army had 375 000 men . 
  hardly twice as less , mate . 
  sorry but i think you have trouble with comprehending english , mate . 
  iraqi army had close to 1,2 million soldiers when you count reservists like you did regarding finland :p also i was talking about the actual invasion . 
  that usa did pretty much alone and nowhere near 375k troops participated . 
  later other forces like kurds joined but this was in the occupation stage . 
   we actually do have some . 
  plus if you have been through military service , you 'd know they teach us to dig trenches and foxholes on a massive scale . 
  well you do n't have anything that can be used in actual fighting . 
  some depots are underground yes , but those wo n't help you to kill ruskies . 
  i really do n't care what they teach you to do when the fact is that ww2 style war will never happen again . 
  at least if you really think that all the men would go away to karelia to wage war :d  again , foxholes are great at preventing that . 
  have you studied anything , or are you just saying things ? 
  :d ahahah you do n't even know what a cluster bomb is . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94rkrwduuok you and your friends would be dead as hell if a strike like that hit your puny holes . 
   that 's neat . 
  if you 'd be called to the front and you run away , be prepared for a shit ton of jail time . 
  do you honestly think finland 's government would just forget about the people who ran away ? 
  they 'd haul your ass back here ( even years after the war ) and you 'd face +4 years of jail time . 
  probably worth it , tho . 
  well given that `` the front '' could be at senaatintori i do n't really care . 
  there 's no legistlation in finland to warrant jail time for not volunteering to die , that 's some right wing bullshit wet dream . 
  you are lying , pathetic . 
  i feel sorry for poor , uneducated fuck like you . 
  in modern war you do n't `` declare war '' and march to other country with your army :d just look what happened in ukraine . 
  russia took crimea without single shot fired regardless of the fact that ukraine has bigger army than finland . 
  technology and tactics have both changed . 
  there 's nothing that could stop russia landing their troops directly to helsinki . 
  you are delusional if you think that wars nowadays are fought in forests far away urban areas . 
  you have fun in your foxhole in karelia while ruskies detain the whole government in helsinki :d i 'm of course drinking coctails somewhere in bermuda :p `` the core '' , whatever that 's supposed to mean , is n't `` the same '' . 
  usa absolutely destroyed iraqi army twice with less combat troops . 
  according to your stone age playbook this should n't be possible as `` defender needs only 1/3 of the manpower '' right ? 
  finland does n't have a network of bunkers . 
  also if russia has anything comparable to american bunker busters , they would be obsolete anyways . 
  also let 's see how you survive in your hole against some cluster bombing ( finland has no cabability to prevent that )  btw . 
  in ` nam american losses were nothing compared to vietkong 's . 
  that war was ended on purely political reasons , not because south vietnam/america/australia suffered a military defeat . 
  indeed . 
  kotiryss\u00e4 was also a succesful tactic . 
  well did n't obama force saudi arabia to make a huge purchase from boeing ? 
  also boeing gets huge amount of state aid . 
  so there 's no reason to point out that `` airbus is owned by governments '' as it is a very much profitable company . 
  airbus is still clearly bigger when you compare amount of units sold : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/competition_between_airbus_and_boeing#orders_and_deliveries, 
  i 'm sorry but america ca n't really make stuff anymore . 
  it really bugs me that we allow shit holes like ireland and luxemburg to pull their shit inside of the union ... 
  scary place . 
  it 's funny how in my country every single paper and decision is public, 
  well they still sell more planes than boeing . 
  no one cares about the 60s in 2016 , sorry . 
  well if they really can do that, 
  is n't your country filled with migrants ? 
  keep in mind that this individual does n't speak english almost at all . 
  so maybe something was lost in translation, 
  are you telling me you ca n't find a wife who cooks for you ? 
  no it does n't sound nuts . 
  this is russia that we are talking about . 
  that 's what you get when you vote for merkel !, 
  but wait !, 
  is n't it so that germany 's leader is n't even directly voted for ? 
  umm no . 
  they ca n't force eu companies to comply even if their owners are in usa . 
  no it 's you who are lying . 
  your link does n't even discuss that . 
  de facto nato support is over 50 % in finland, 
  propaganda is important to keep that shithole from falling apart, 
  that 's not how it works in modern war anymore . 
  you are a victim of leftist propaganda . 
  sorry but airbus kicks boeings ass nowadays . 
  boeing could n't even make a new jumbo . 
  they would n't exist anymore if your government was n't so hungry for weapons they make, 
  so are you admitting that usa is actually no better than russia and there are no rule of law ? 
  just use non american clouds and the problem is solved, 
  well that 's not how law works in europe . 
  usa has absolutely no power over european registered companies . 
  speak for yourself . 
  `` old '' people can be very `` savvy '' . 
  finland gets a lot of them already, 
  50 persons a week is nothing compared to how many came from sweden and germany .
