   we have a unified economy in europe , in case you didnt notice . 
  yea we do n't carry tolls . 
  we had that a long before eu . 
   the deal where china and eu pledge to avoid geo political differences to increase relations and get into trade agreements . 
  so chinese cars can finally replace germans and french ? 
  nice . 
   obama opposed this treaty in 2015 . 
  recent events in the us brought the deal back on the table . 
  free trade pact with china would destroy soo many jobs in europe . 
  i 'm glad my country is not germany who 's completely dependent on manufacturing . 
   look for the top investors in the us market . 
  a eu member state like the netherlands is ranked # 2 . 
  now wonder what happens if trump proceeds with his hostile nature to europe . 
  pocket money . 
  the america 's domestic financial market is bigger than the eu gdp . 
  they do n't need european investements for anything . 
  btw did you know that a lot of that `` european money '' is actually companies doing internal transfers ? 
  i think it was belgium who 's like one of the biggest investors to wall street on paper :d, 
  but not the same values and culture . 
  haha i 'm sure it 's fine . 
  freedom and democracy are the core values of europe . 
  haha :d, 
  why not . 
  my claim is that eu will do nothing serious to weaken it 's relationship with usa . 
  putin and erdogan are both dictators who suppress their opposition . 
  also if turks willfilly give up their freedom then they have even less right to say anything about america 's president . 
  because he suppressed the opposition . 
  did n't they stop the eu talks because turkey is not democratic ? 
  just watch . 
  did you open that link ? 
  it 's not `` the ineptitude of his opposition '' it 's because he 's a dictator and actively suppresses it . 
  well they share almost nothing in common with europeans, 
  yea this picture is pretty racist . 
  fixit supporters were right, 
  germany has a constitution that says any person on this planet has a right for free money ? 
  i 'm so glad americans got that fucker . 
  i wonder what else eu is hiding to protect germany 's shitty companies . 
  sure all of these reports are just lies . 
  lies !, 
  please no !, 
  she 's like the worst german leader since you know who, 
  aka `` eu will bend the knee '', 
  how 's the german education ? 
  they are both dictators and those elections were not free . 
  sorry but the american president has no obligation to please turks, 
   so only citizens from countries with democratic leaders can criticize trump ? 
  mostly yes . 
  trump is a democratically elected leader , thus he is more right than anyone who is n't . 
  this is just dumb . 
  turkey is a non-democratic hellhole . 
  they have no business critizing any american leader . 
  it 's not . 
  germany is so weak it 's not going to do anything . 
  what eu-china deal ? 
  china ca n't replace usa as a customer . 
  maybe you are confusing the english liberalism with something else . 
  in finland we have this saying that obama has `` a camouflage color '' :d, 
  you need more english lessons . 
  germany is the one without a proper army , not usa . 
  europeans are so damn leftist . 
  also germans have still problems with hitler . 
   there is a big difference between the perception of our current young generation in germany and the generation before . 
  over the last years , the public german opinion has decreased heavily about the usa . 
  also a huge portion of them are muslims and immigrants from middle east, 
  holy fuck !, 
  germans sure are obsessed about america, 
  yes it 's ironic how germans project their hitler complexes to other countries, 
  yes look at all these far-right terrorist attacks happening montly around europe !, 
  why wo n't you germans just care about your own business ? 
  german leftists know better than you !, 
   the spiegel 's message is far darker and a european perspective . 
  haha i do n't think germans are in position to talk about europe 's future, 
  what do you mean ? 
  and this is why we need to get rid of eu , 
   money needs to be in circulation , there is no point in having it sitting around . 
  true . 
  but what 's my return of investment on this road ? 
  no they are not because they are too smart  what the fuck is `` famous swiss bank secret '' ? 
  sounds like some crappy chilren 's book :d finland is `` very worried '' ? 
  sorry but i have no idea what you are blabbering about . 
  you ca n't explain me why we would need to pay for this road because there 's really no reason other than that eu sucks . 
  it 's easy to like eu when you live in a poor country like hungary . 
  umm finland is like the most unlucky country there is . 
  no need for us to feel bad for anyone . 
   normal countries can apply for these same grants . 
  yea but it 's still less than what we pay to eu . 
  us buying stuff for romanians have nothing to do with the free trade zone, 
  yea and by funding you mean normal countries will pay for these shit holes . 
  finland will never ever get eu funding more than we are paying to them already, 
  no i do n't get that . 
  please explain me how i benefit from this . 
  actually i have a business degree . 
  please explain me how finland will ever get this money back . 
  as of now finnish-romanian trade is pretty much non existant . 
  sorry but you bought into a pyramid scheme, 
  no sorry , finland is too rich for that shit . 
  we pay much more than we get back, 
  '' :d '' it 's funny when you are the one on the receiving end, 
  yea eu sucks i know that . 
  or maybe you are saying that switzerland is n't `` civilized '' ?
