  yep . 
  finland is doomed, 
  it 's not only smugglers . 
  these people are really this retarded . 
  just check one of their many fb groups . 
  this is how it is with patriotic demonstrations in finland too . 
  it 's the other side who gets arrested . 
  president gave an anti immigration speech . 
  that 's about it . 
  this makes so much sense . 
  you should be proud of your government, 
  it ca n't be 70 million, 
  during the peace time sure , when the war breaks they will become a part of the military . 
  well when your pre school teacher explains you what eu is , you will understand that 's an oxymoron . 
  ( hint : eu is not a federation ) btw . 
  your euro-gay-defence-whatever would have only an army ? 
  no marines , air force , navy ? 
  gayest idea ever , sorry . 
  do n't lie . 
  with all the reserves finland has close to 1 million trained troops . 
  i 'm pretty sure  defence chief sorry but finland is n't in africa or anything :d and i see you do n't know anything about how governments work . 
  guarding borders is a multi agency mission , you have no clue how many people there actually are . 
   if there is an active threat , it 'd be a different matter , and of course it would protect a memberstate with the full extent of its available force ; which even considering the need to maintain defenses elsewhere , would still be orders of magnitude beyond anything finland could muster on its own complete bullshit . 
  finland will never join your toy army . 
  actually i 'm pretty sure that eu army will never be founded . 
  but hey let 's play your game : how many finnish speaking troops that can survive without supplies in sub -40 c weather netherlands would send to finland ? 
  lol !, 
  border guard is part of the finnish defense force . 
  as is coast guard . 
  you need hundreds of thousands of troops to defend finland . 
  would this army of your do that ? 
  that 's anglosphere for you !, 
  i have heard it 's like that in american schools also, 
  umm why are you asking me that ? 
  planes are a big part of international diplomacy and relations, 
  would this eu army of yours patrol finnish borders ? 
  if so , with how many troops ? 
  gdp per capita has nothing to do with your personal finances . 
  ireland allows any criminal to avoid taxes using their stupid system . 
  that grows their gdp but does n't help normal people at all, 
  well at least my country 's armed forces have nothing to do with yours so i do n't see that happening, 
  and antifa are mostly of communists . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  in my country you do n't need money to move . 
  so basically you need an explanation to do it after you are 18-19 :d, 
  911 got school cancelled in germany ? 
  shifted more towards young ? 
  umm median age in europe is like 42 so it 's more than `` shifted '', 
  still people are saying very young here . 
  homogenous demographic just like in any facebook group etc, 
   that 's the active military , meaning they 're ready to go within 1-2 days . 
  you did notice the `` 900,000 with training and service obligation '' part too , did you ? 
  that basically means a shit ton of people , ready to go within 1-2 weeks . 
  false . 
  finland has only 230k soldiers . 
  check the latest `` puolustupoliittinen selonteko '' :p  i do understand that you seem to be some sort of fanboy of u.s , but please , do read the right side panel of this wikipedia article . 
  ( mainly the strength part ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_war ahahahhaha :d :d :d and you are the worst kind of fanboy there is , you think finland is some kind of a military superpower that russia ca n't touch because of winter war hurr durr , right ? 
  :d if you actually knew anything about iraq war , you would know that the actual spear head was a lot smaller than what you are claiming . 
   dude , do n't act dumb . 
  do you honestly think , that the finnish military would be like `` doh , guys , we forgot those guys can swim as well , derp '' . 
  we are prepared for invasion through air , water and ground . 
  no finland is not prepared . 
  their only tactic is to stall them and hope for some kind of resolution by diplomatic channels . 
  finnish navy is pretty much non-existant compared to russia etc. 
  there 's no way your pitiful amateur `` army '' could prevent russia landing on the coast . 
  also aland is demilitarized :d :d :d from marienham , kaliningrad and st. petersburg you can basically control the whole finnish coast . 
  no way around this . 
  i 'm very sorry for you as you seem to be a victim of propaganda . 
  maybe they see it as a necessity so they can get young men to die for them more easily ? 
   again , i ` mma paste the link here . 
  maybe you can read it twice to understand it better . 
  :-) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_war how is your math ? 
   iraqi armed forces : 375,000 ( disbanded in 2003 ) special iraqi republican guard : 12,000 iraqi republican guard : 70,000 -- 75,000 fedayeen saddam : 30,000 sunni insurgents \u2248 70,000 ( 2007 ) [ 20 ] al-qaeda \u2248 1,300 ( 2006 ) [ 21 ] islamic state of iraq \u2248 1,000 ( 2008 ) army of the men of the naqshbandi order \u2248 500 -- 1,000 ( 2007 ) your finnish army doctrine `` attacker needs 3x more men '' does n't really add up here :d i used usa as an example to show that a superpower with modern tech and superior resources can crush a smaller , regional force very easily . 
  you guys will be in guerilla mode in 5 days after russia attacks :d `` in contrast to 1991 , the battle this time will be not for a foreign land but for the very survival of a regime many have spent their lives serving . 
  an invading us army will face 375,000 iraqi troops and 2,200 tanks . '', 
  a much bigger army than finland will ever have , yet absolutely no contest against the coalition . 
  by your logic their army could have been in millions as you seem to think that any male under 70 is somehow capable of fighting :d  yeah , who 's said it 's gon na happen ? 
  i have a feeling that your picture of the finnish army is a bit outdated . 
  you said . 
  you claimed that war will be fought in `` forests '' :d  really unlikely . 
  probably some fighting there , sure . 
  but the front ? 
  hell naw , man . 
  front is likely to be at the border , because ( and i 'll say it again ) , all the men and armor must be moved for a massive invasion . 
  do you think we do n't have troops for the city - fighting you 're referring to ? 
  we have tons , mainly the special j\u00e4gers and city j\u00e4gers . 
  this is where you reveal that you do n't know anything about modern war . 
  there just is n't `` a front '' . 
  look at georgia , iraq , afganistan , ukraine etc. 
  yeah when russia reaches full spektrum dominance it really does n't matter how `` special '' your jaegers are :d in iraq invasion many people like you thought that these iraqi super-special-kings-guard type of troops would be a pain in the ass for usa and uk . 
  did n't happen . 
  putin could kill you ( given that he knows your location ) in less than an hour and there 's absolutely nothing finland could do about that . 
   do you think we do n't have troops for the city - fighting you 're referring to ? 
  we have tons , mainly the special j\u00e4gers and city j\u00e4gers . 
  your `` tons '' is nothing to russia . 
  they could always siege the whole city and let your jaegers die out of hunger :p  after you 've taken of your fedora and stepped down from the high horse , please do understand that painting me as a right-wing nut is a tad childish . 
  since i 'm actually quite far to left , to be honest . 
  `` tad childlish '' :d ooh la la mr. british guy , i 'm sorry but my law book does n't have anything like what you described . 
  you had a power fantasy , i get it . 
  hmm i have a feeling iran do n't hate europe that much .
