  wow !, 
  i 'm not getting deeper into this because me and all ( basically ) the academics disagree with you but that 's alright , this is not weibo so you are allowed to have different opinions   it 's a world leader in its own right , not simply a small country . 
  yea this was kinda my point . 
  you need to be smart and efficient , no need for basically any natural resources etc. 
  stupid and unfree people can never reach that level ... ps . 
  but do you actually believe that hiring soldiers and not paying them well helps russia somehow ? 
  i really wonder where you studied economics ... 
  hmm 1 . 
  i think education vice versa improves your quality of life . 
  no way to improve your country without smart and educated population . 
  that brain drain thing sounds plausable but then again that 's not what happened in finland . 
  there has never been a brain drain . 
  i do n't understand why russia should compete with some hollywood-schools ... europe is full of rich and advanced economies that has no `` harvaeds '' , it 's the median that matters . 
  in every single field of your country you need educated people , even gun makers . 
  one 100 employee it-company in finland makes like a billion per year . 
  no way you can be that efficient with basic manufacturing . 
  this sounds like an oxymoron to me . 
  they are as good but they are not competitive ? 
  i really do n't see why you need `` international rankings '' . 
  that is if you do n't own shares of those schools :d  our system of education is too different from european/american . 
  while our schools are at least as good as european , making our higher education institutions competitive will need a complete overhaul of the whole system 4 . 
  but how smart is the average worker ? 
  you ca n't build great and productive companies without good workforce . 
  it does n't help if you have `` scientists '' if everyone else is stupid . 
  i do n't know anything about what kind of reforms russia needs . 
  there really is :d china is only # 2 because 1.3 billion people times not that much still equals a lot . 
  they do n't do anything particulary well but it 's easy to gain some growth when you are willing to enslave 1.3 billion to foreign companies , do n't care to protect nature etc. 
  yet their people are poor as fuck . 
  looks like even finland 's gdp per capita is 7.35 times higher than theirs :d russia is much higher too btw ( ~ 6000usd vs ~ 14000usd ) . 
  all the academics agree on the importance of education :  this article reviews the role of education in promoting economic growth , with a particular focus on the role of educational quality . 
  it concludes that there is strong evidence that the cognitive skills of the population -- rather than mere school attainment -- are powerfully related to long-run economic growth . 
  the relationship between skills and growth proves extremely robust in empirical applications . 
  the effect of skills is complementary to the quality of economic institutions . 
  growth simulations reveal that the long-run rewards to educational quality are large but also require patience . 
  [ reprinted in eva baker , barry mcgaw and penelope peterson ( ed . 
  ) , international encyclopedia of education ( amsterdam : elsevier , 2010 ) , pp . 
  no idea how to correct that numbering . 
  why would you use the ppp ? 
  does n't make any sense in this context , spain and italy are bigger economies period . 
  i do n't care about your `` military complex '' lol , all i was saying is that russia is a poor country and it 's economy is small compared to many places . 
  again , using the ppp is cherry picking . 
  spain and italy has more money than russia , no way around that . 
  accroding to imf , russia is world 's 14th largest economy which is n't bad but really not impressive either . 
  looks like mexico will overtake russia soon at this rate . 
   their gdp is not even double of the russian gdp . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the number one , usa , is over 16 times bigger than you . 
  italy is over 2 times bigger , not bad for a relatively small country that everyone considers poor in europe ... 
  true that spain is closer . 
   5 % of russian gdp equals to 3.2 % i really wonder where you studied economics :d, 
  and still countries like spain and italy are bigger :d, 
  maybe . 
  or maybe they would have developed better if they had to be smart to survive . 
  norway is the only exception i can think of but they probably benefited from having a nordic culture . 
  not really . 
  russia is a poor country yet they have one of the largest oil reserves, 
   fuel is kinda developed finnish neste oil is a big company , yet finland has no oil resources . 
  so just get advanced enough and no need to rape your nature . 
  oh and shell is dutch ...  army , because it would ultimately serve our economy there are much better ways to use your tax money . 
  education in example is a good investment . 
  you do n't need natural resources to get rich . 
  modern economy is innovation and advanced technology . 
  poor countries rely on the primary sector . 
  also it 's because russia is poor . 
  5.39 % of the russia 's gdp is not much money . 
  yea but they ca n't even fly more than two planes at a time :d, 
  who are `` we '' ? 
   what kind of middle ages barabaric shit is this ? 
  modern day islam , 
  yet immigrants are more likely to be unemployed and commit crimes, 
  yet i ca n't import cars and beer from other countries . 
  but also in portucal if you just allow companies to build more prices will go down at some point ... 
  oh man that sounds shitty . 
  here every apartment building is it 's own firm and when you buy an apartment you actually buy shares . 
  so no one is leeching your money , 
  how 's that possible ? 
  who 's buying all of them ? 
  well i can tell you it does n't work like that . 
  in example we do n't have a property tax . 
  well you are still in minority . 
  plus every german i know owns their place ... 
  but have fun paying for someone 's investment  i 'm aware of that in austria many people live in socialized rentals , but outside of those there 's no way you can make that equation work . 
  the owner of your apartment making money out of his investment . 
   construction does n't keep up with demand . 
  and this means you would get richer by just doing nothing ... 
  so no real reasons to rent . 
  but you lose 100 % of your money . 
  i 'm pretty sure renting is never smart , it 's just that in some areas people are too poor to buy or the financing is n't there . 
  you are a minority in the uk btw : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_home_ownership_rate looks like around the world most people own their homes . 
  i really do n't care about germany 's real estate market , sorry . 
  mostly yes, 
  if he would rent he would lose a huge sum of money in london ( yhe only realistic option really ) . 
  also his wage would have been about the same as in finland . 
  well yes here every calculation shows that only poor people rent . 
  if utilities and so for my apartment are about 200e per month and rent would be around 1000e . 
  in what scenario would renting make sense ? 
  well given that according to every study people are happier to live in finland than in the uk it was n't a very good joke , 
  i do n't understand ... 
  but the point is there 's no reason to go to london if you want money, 
   also , did he consider that he has to live in finland ?
