  but at least here in europe british have had a good reputation . 
  you are comparing germans to english colonies . 
  sorry but that does n't make any sense, 
  germany is america 's colony ? 
  interesting :d, 
  higher wages and gdp, 
  it 's not like that . 
  everything changed after the oil wars , i remember that well . 
  please provide proof of your claim on the british . 
  depends on what you do . 
  mercedes just expanded to finland and finland is more expensive than germany . 
  what ? 
  patent pools mofo . 
  they do n't sunbathe, 
  i remember when not everyone hated usa . 
  that was before oil wars, 
  yes really . 
  it kinda does . 
  it 's helsinki , greater helsinki , western finland and everybody else . 
  from richest to poorest, 
  i know you are joking but there are a huge amount of finnish patents in the patent pools needed to make a phone, 
  tell that to samsung and apple who pay royalties for every phone they make, 
  wow !, 
  looks like your graph correlates with ops, 
  most of the time `` expensive countries '' are the best ones , 
  salty . 
  you just ca n't patent any stupid idea , you need some real r & d. also if there are many patents you are more likely to find the `` important patents '', 
  but now they are basically committing a suicide, 
  umm hitler reign was pretty short actually . 
  i do n't know if they hate freedom but they surely do n't love it . 
  well i can tell you russians are different from `` eu europeans '' . 
  huge differences, 
  thanks !, 
  but he did n't affect us with refugees, 
  mmm slavs and most other easterners . 
  happy ? 
  umm we are not talking about eu, 
  keep telling that to yourself, 
  yea that i have noticed . 
  i wonder if hitler knew what his defeat would mean for germany : / i honestly ca n't think any more sad country than germany . 
  i mean ww2 was a long time ago no reason to commit a suicide !, 
  how 's the education in your country ? 
  it 's racist but everyone knows it 's true :d, 
  well there has been only two that mattered , hitler and merkel . 
  pretty merkel german politics was n't interesting at all . 
  now because of euro and merkels `` guests '' things are different, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  both are false . 
  what hell even is `` church of sweden '' ? 
  :d sounds like something lgbt people would enjoy , no offence, 
  thise shelters have nothing to do with social security  most of them actually get deported . 
  proof of trump being authoritarian or you are just another lying leftist sob, 
  yea completely different from even finland and we are their neighbors . 
  it 's lime night and day, 
  but i was right . 
  he has nothing but lies, 
  haha true . 
  keep saying that if it makes you feel better . 
  i would be very sad to see my culture and heritage dimish, 
  i do n't know who that is . 
  hitler tried to conquer europe and merkel is trying to destroy europe from inside . 
  how can you tell ? 
  muslims and middle easterners tend to hate america, 
  please quit your bullshit and lies . 
  illegals do n't get anything and refugees live in vastaanottokeskukset . 
  they live in these centers until they get processed . 
  only reasonable way to handle this . 
  for citizens our benefits are much greater than those in germany, 
  yea whatever . 
  western europeans have hated america always but that never prevented them dominating you culturally economically and militarily, 
   and only countries can project power ? 
  why ? 
  makes no sense . 
  german education is better than american btw , at least according to pisa . 
  mostly yes . 
  eu is politically very weak and there 's no way around that . 
  you do have scientists in germany right ? 
  what do they say about this ? 
  according to pisa i 'm supposed to be a lot smarter than you   that is your personal , very unqualified opinion and it the eu still has a government , so you are in fact wrong !, 
  so does the un . 
  what 's your point ? 
  eu ca n't do anything if everyone does n't agree . 
  usa is our 4th largest export partner . 
  no one wants to endanger that just because leftist germans do n't agree with the potus . 
  after brexit eu will be even weaker btw . 
   you do n't understand the concept of the singel market . 
  educated in the usa i suppose ? 
  different laws , different languages , borders , huge wage caps etc. 
  not very `` single '' would n't you say ? 
  is n't it true that snow mobiles are almost illegal in germany ? 
  i guess we need to keep selling those to some free country with wealthy customers . 
  i wonder what that would be ? 
  not very `` single '' btw  that is absolutely insane rambling , i do n't even know what to say to that . 
  may god have mercy on your soul yea insane it 's insane how germany submitted  couple angry words and then nothing :d, 
  that applies to legal residents not illegals . 
  refugees and illegals do n't get social security . 
  it 's human slavery to force people to pay for world 's social security . 
  not many germans left . 
  finland was a dictatorship not long time ago . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nikolay_bobrikov he got what every dictator deserves .
