  you have done very well for yourself if you had founded say stonesoft , hantro or codenomicon . 
  kinda insignificant companies to the finnish economy . 
   look i 'm not claiming that everything is wunderbar , but now is not the time for typical finnish pessimism and melancholy . 
  for the last two decades our entire tech industry , and almost rest of the economy , was dominated by a single company and it was n't a good thing for us . 
  now we 'll just have to build something new . 
  sure . 
  but you realize that there 's nothing to guarantee that ? 
  not many economies can handle this much socialism you know . 
  actually those `` smes '' are subcontractors to auto makers . 
  autos are by far the most important part of germany 's exports . 
  yea actually you are most likely to get rich by becoming a ceo of an omxh company and by inheriting money . 
  studied fact . 
  that 's not how finnish politics work, 
  maybe it 's juha himself . 
  level of english checks out, 
  omg you ca n't blame two ministers for this, 
  could you name few examples of finnish companies in those fields ? 
  who 's the big finnish ship builder ? 
  calling finnish software comptetitive has to be some kind of a joke ? 
  and what makes them wonderful ? 
  as of now they do n't generate anything of value . 
  also soviet era trade unions wo n't help . 
  actually russia was only like 7 % of finland 's exports, 
  are you some kind of shitty poorly coded bot or something ? 
  just send our money back !, 
  actually nokia is one of the best performing tech companies around ... 
  you are too uneducated to say that to anyone, 
  my flair says finland ?? 
  dude you need help . 
  nothing . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  are you going to educate me about finnish law now ? 
  sexism is, 
  i really ca n't agree on any of this . 
  europe 's de facto army is nato and so on . 
  i 'm glad that way of thinking you represent is changing . 
  when sweden sends in their application finland will follow . 
  yeah they have many similarities . 
  both are fascists for starters, 
  your mom is, 
  go back to middle ages . 
  unlike in america no head of state has power to make such decisions here , 
  yes i know you have a shitty country that ca n't defend itself alone , 
  one could easily seal off the whole baltic sea from finland and kaliningrad for starters , 
  haha even i have done that on one website . 
  i think it 's hilarious, 
  sounds like many were always right , the real enemy is nato, 
  left leaning russia sympathizing politicians . 
  read : historically everyone excluding kokoomus and maybe rkp . 
  of course, 
   central european country ... really ? 
  not really . 
  they have such a small army that they could n't defend against a real assault . 
  it is true . 
  you can count on finland not giving a flying fuck if you start some stupid big boy show off with russia :d, 
  finland would never allow nato flyovers as it would drag finland to that particular war . 
  not really . 
  that whole eu army is n't going to happen as other eu countries already have an army called nato . 
  finland not joining nato has nothing to do with usa . 
  commie politicians just do n't want to align with the west too much and piss off russia . 
  rofl that 's what finnish people say about sweden . 
  count us in . 
  we will join just after sweden or at the same time . 
  interesting  you are like 3rd who mentions it, 
  i 'm saying that inefficient american car is a bad comparison . 
  cars and other energy intensive goods are heavily taxed as they are seen harmful . 
  same logic goes with tobacco in america  next time try comparing volkwagen polo with smallest engine . 
  is n't norway 's most popular new car an electric one ? 
  that phone comparison makes much more sense  in finland we have different vats for food , medicine , services , books etc. 
  phones belong to highest class of course as they are not important and made abroad . 
  gasoline is also heavily taxed as it 's seen harmful . 
  $ 0,6 / l would be close to tax free price in finland . 
  who 's currency crashed ? 
  at least euro 's external value is very high . 
  that 's what i said . 
  still german army has more money . 
  but armies are n't something that europe cares nowadays . 
  sounds like a good deal to let the us taxpayer to pay for them :d, 
  so in absolute numbers western europe spends much more  i wonder why eastern europe sees a need to spend that much :d, 
  maybe if you break it down like that . 
  it 's not . 
  like 50 % goes to social security , that 's where we will find savings . 
  also finlands current debt is much lower than that of most western countries have . 
  do n't believe everything sipil\u00e4 tells you , 
  no way chinese government is n't biggest, 
  and as you can see even the unsubsidized prizes are very high there . 
  nato requires to spend at least 2 % of gdp to armed forces . 
  i think germany does that . 
  google for global firepower ranking and you see that many european countries are actually pretty powerful, 
  :d . netto = without taxes , vero = tax , brutto = with taxes . 
  yes . 
  so in estonia . 
  i was talking about finland . 
  you wo n't get fined here . 
  only in public transportation in theory, 
  they give you \u00e4itiyspakkaus yes . 
  how come everyone knows about that ? 
  yeah its probably easier to accept all those anal probings in order to get a license here . 
  there are these small fees here and there . 
  i really do n't know why,
