  do you have pension ? 
  explain me how usa defends finland then . 
  so what happens if ( when ) you get fired ? 
  how do you explain this ? 
  sorry i meant these geopolitical games your government keeps playing ( with few other countries ) . 
  i do n't think you have `` higher salary '' . 
  at least people at our american locations have very similar pays but they have to cover stuff like retirement , some health care , education etc all by themselves . 
  also they do n't have proper vacations . 
  i 'm easily richer than my american counterparts , 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-healthcare-deaths-idustre58g6w520090917 yes a very nice system you have :d, 
  no nato here . 
  so have fun playing your games , i 'm busy enjoying health care and education my tax money pays for , 
  america defending whole europe, 
  do n't lie . 
   healthcare is typically paid for by your company . 
  hmm from what i heard this is a lie . 
  many times their insurances do n't cover anything and you still have to pay a lot . 
  also some sickness can take years to heal . 
  in america it 's legal to fire you for being sick . 
  also they do n't have proper sick leave , no matter how higly educated you are . 
  i would n't recommend living in that country . 
   multiple times what citizens pay hmm what is 0 times 0 ? 
  sounds pretty free to me, 
  yea germans seem to be the biggest pussies in europe, 
  rules are made to be broken, 
  sure . 
  downvoting is my favorite entertainment when driving down the ring 3 , 
  ahaha sure they are . 
  in finland keh\u00e4 3 = ring 3 . 
  google it if you do n't believe me . 
  after that you 'll just have to deal with it  ps . 
  where is a loop and beltway from your little list ? 
  and english . 
  you are n't well traveled i see . 
  but that 's fine not everyone can english , 
  do n't lie . 
  ruskies have started to break an old agreement, 
  sorry but you do n't understand anything of this situation . 
  message me when your own country brings back concentration camps , 
  :d . it 's ring in english . 
  umm ukraine does n't have to provide utilities to an occupied land stolen from them, 
  i do n't get this . 
  dutch are some pussies who are scared of rain ? 
  nope . 
  even media itself has admitted that they did some propaganda . 
  there was a time when basically every camel driver was at least an engineer or doctor . 
  also the red cross women took them to different charities and media loved to report that . 
  i 'm glad it 's not like that anymore here, 
  no one cares about your laws here . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's considered a village even in finland, 
  that was mainly a propaganda peace . 
  these women have taken them to do these pr stunts before, 
  it 's easier to get attention this way . 
  in example america 's idiot media thinks that europe is falling and war is near . 
  it was n't hard for odins to catch their attention :d, 
  i do n't socialize with swedes sorry . 
  btw is n't it pohjanmaa ? 
  that these people leaving does n't have any effect . 
  they have already closed multiple reception centers etc, 
  not really . 
  i do n't know anyone who actually speaks swedish, 
  this is false, 
  i do n't give a fuck . 
  they owe us money period, 
  is this straight very swallow though ? 
  some very big ships built in finland has to go under bridges for some reason . 
  in example allure of the seas, 
  denmark is such a cool country, 
  yep . 
  that 's why most people are super healthy and getting healthier all the time, 
  i just want to see the kebab removed, 
  so what ? 
  their metric does n't seem to have anything to do with reality . 
  compare labor force participation rates if you want to understand this problem, 
  not really . 
  finland has very steep differences between different groups . 
  10 % of people drink 60 % of all the alcohol and so on . 
  it 's not health care 's fault if some people choose to ignore their health . 
   household survey okay let 's just not care about this `` study '', 
  false . 
  countries report their data to eurostat, 
  for his hostile and undemocratic actions, 
  :d you are not 12th . 
  read again, 
  where do you see health care mentioned ? 
  `` health status '' is not the same thing, 
  this map is pretty useless . 
  the definition of employment varies so much from country to country that this comparison does n't make any sense . 
  in example in america you are counted as an unemployed only for a very short period of time . 
   utter incompetence how about your own pedophile harboring government ? 
  til swedes are not idiots, 
  i think it 's time for some sanctions . 
  what ? 
  sorry but we may need to sell your shitty country, 
  i really do like stuff that upsets russia , 
  what the hell ? 
  finnish army is like 90 years old 2 . 
  finnish have been waging war all around europe for centuries . 
  someone did n't graduate from middle school i see .
