  sorry but only people not civilized are those too poor to pay for their own god damn infra, 
  i do n't want to pay for other people 's roads, 
   til : germany started paying 1000-3000 euros for denied asylum seekers to go home voluntarily . 
  wtf ? 
  stick them on a plane and take them home . 
  germany is insane . 
  this is what we do and most of the refugees has already left , 
   they usually just go to sweden instead , mission accomplished . 
  this is our solution to this refugee problem as well , 
   profits from workers and trade with eastern europe nice joke . 
  holy fuck ... we need fixit asap !, 
  i do n't know about the french colonies but in example the british ones did better than their neighbors . 
  stop bullshitting . 
  we all know where this is coming from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_french_riots, 
  most colonies did much better, 
  this trend started in the muslim slums . 
  where do you live ? 
  in my country even the cheapest insurances would cover this, 
  it 's not a problem at all, 
  i mean immigrants are more likely to be unemployed and commit crimes . 
  finns are less likely to be unemployed, 
  i really do n't have anything against people like that . 
  but seriously the guy in this article should go home . 
  there 's no reason why i should pay him money for vacationing here ... 
  well the stats show that even other europeans perform worse than the finns . 
  the guy in this article is british ... 
   of course they will perform worse than a native in a group working environment , at least the first years thats obvious and expected , now , depending on the job you will need different needs of language dexterity . 
  a nurse will need to have much better level than a truck driver , for example . 
  i think everyone agrees with this . 
   if hiring migrants in that kind of jobs was n't efficient nobody would be doing it . 
  and a nurse or an engineer or another high demand job wont accept a lower salary than a native . 
  or at least not a much lower one . 
  lol at least in finland migrants are low wage slaves no matter their education :d even nokia paid 800 $ / month to some indian engineers . 
  their colleagues got 4-6 grand, 
  indeed . 
  but finland also has many foreign engineers and nurses . 
  they are better but still perform worse than the finnish . 
  in example our company wo n't hire anyone who does n't speak finnish . 
  statistics do n't lie  by closing the borders finland 's unemployment rate would instantly decline, 
  well the natural born finnish citizens suck least . 
  it 's sad but many immigrants suck . 
  even if they are from other western countries ... 
  i did n't change it . 
  i used `` use suggested title '', 
  you sound like a leftist who ca n't accept the facts, 
   nor nazis think nazis are socialists . 
  :d yes their ideology is called national socialism just because . 
  hmm you did n't know that hitler called himself a socialist who 's an enemy of capitalism ? 
  yea but calling themselves socialists and imposing socialist policies does make them socialist . 
  lol i see you like socialism . 
  sorry but nazis were leftists economically especially . 
  nazis are socialists, 
  thank you . 
  no i 'm not aware of that . 
  nazis are socialists and socialism is far left, 
  it works better than in most countries, 
  they are socialists, 
  socialism, 
  are you serious ? 
  all she does is lobby more refugees to europe . 
  she 's fucking nuts . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2017/07/17/europe/germany-refugees-merkel/index.html sad that a european country like germany does n't have democracy yet . 
  one hag can rule fore decades !, 
  it 's hard to let muslims to germany when you are not working, 
   for a country being that critical of the eu as a whole , it 's still hypocritical to boast about it . 
  so every country in the eu ? 
  but not in finland, 
  what 's wrong with keskusta ? 
  much better than virheet or vasemmistoliitto . 
  where are you from ? 
  i 'm considering sending your comment to / r/shitamericanssay, 
  also germans are afraid to have opinions because hitler . 
  stop lying . 
  lol those 30 guys are not `` lunatics '' . 
  they do n't do anything and the whole thing is basically a big larp . 
  i reject refugees because i do n't want violence and to pay for their living . 
  unemployed people are inceriebly expensive for the taxpayer . 
  but you are free to make your country poor if you will . 
  i think you are hateful against europe . 
  true . 
  so far it has been 100 % fool proof . 
  so i guess nationalism + presentative democracy = superior system . 
  at least our ranking in everything is very good and always all the other high ranking countries have similar systems . 
  what the hell ? 
  it 's not my problem if christians in your country are idiots . 
  we do n't have chirstian extremists here . 
  no christian says you do n't have to follow normal laws, 
  well we have democracy so our country has never done anything terrible because country = people . 
  every country has borders . 
  are you saying that muslims go to war with us if we have borders ? 
  at least here people pretty equally hate both . 
  it would be actually very easy . 
  we have so few of them it would n't be a problem at all . 
   there 's many muslims that are normal and well adapted people . 
  there are also many nazis that are normal and well adapted people . 
  what 's your point ? 
  nationalism built our country so i do n't see anything bad about it, 
  well it 's a symbol of oppressive hate ideology straight from the middle ages, 
  of course not . 
  but many people just ca n't afford it .
