yea it 's exactly like that in finland too, 
  and it 's not the right wingers who are facists in finland . 
  but liberia , japan and korea are influenced by america which is basically european, 
  is finnish or swedish source enough ? 
  i do n't think you would want a radio without antenna, 
  you should stop talking about things you do n't know anything about, 
  you are lying . 
  he got sentenced for much more than a simple arson . 
  also he 's a career criminal . 
  not true at least in finland . 
  of course you are liable for the damage but you wo n't get like any punishment for burning down an empty building . 
  yea he was in jail for 2 years because he put hundreds of people in danger . 
  nothing to do with the arson itself . 
  that 4 million euros is n't a punishment . 
  sorry but you do n't know finnish law, 
  sorry but alcohol was n't their motivation . 
  does n't matter at all if they were drunk, 
  okay could you link 3 such incidents ? 
  or are you just blabbering without any facts playing this false `` funny '' fact that finnish drink a lot of alcohol ? 
  in which reality `` drunk idiots '' just decide to burn buildings down ? 
  i could beat you to hospital and would n't get any jail time . 
  so no , he 's not going to get punished . 
  you are so wrong . 
  europe is very socialistic and there 's no way you can deny that . 
  are you the same uneducated idiot who claimed that liberals are right wing ? 
  social democrats are leftist , sorry . 
  also no true right wing parties are in power in europe . 
  you may be right that i mixed those terms but that does n't mean i 'm not right . 
  from dictionary :  social democracy noun noun : social democracy a socialist system of government achieved by democratic means . 
  you are so uneducated that you do n't even know what right-wing means ? 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about but you are sure that lefties ruuule . 
   the reformist movement ( french : mouvement r\u00e9formateur , mr ) is a liberal and conservative-liberal you are calling a party like this right-wing ? 
  :d :d sorry but could you please worry about your own country , let us europeans worry about europe . 
   socialism is venezuela . 
  not europe . 
  :d :d :d :d :d have you even seen a university ? 
  i 'm guessing no . 
  for your information : all of europe is a social democracy . 
  no right-wing parties in power . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  i have no idea what you are blabbering about . 
  you do n't even know what democratic socialism is , yet you are here to school people about politics ? 
  give me a break . 
  engineering is like the manliest thing ever . 
  non democratic socialistic for starters . 
  as it 's easy to see that you are not educated , please let me help you :  right-wing politics hold that some forms of social stratification or social inequality are inevitable , natural , normal , or desirable , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] typically defending this position on the basis of natural law , economics or tradition . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] hierarchy and inequality may be viewed as natural results of traditional social differences [ 10 ] or from competition in market economies please name 3 western european countries that has such governments, 
  no we are not . 
  where do you live ? 
  i 'm guessing not in europe if you seriously claim that belgian government is `` right-wing '' :d please give me one major european country that 's not socialistic . 
  which countries ? 
  at least here we do n't have true right wing parties . 
  or maybe one but they have only like 5 % popularity . 
  yay finland almost wins . 
   `` jihadists think that europe is the soft underbelly of the west and belgium is the soft underbelly of europe , '' said french terror expert gilles kepel . 
  this is true . 
  leftists , feminists etc have too much infulence in europe so there 's no way nothing will be done to solve this terrorism problem . 
  fuck i hate finland, 
  i see . 
  here america has similar reputation, 
  i knew there had to be something like this !, 
  i mean eu loves to harrash people, 
   eu allows people eating semen everyday what ? 
  you can select the date, 
  umm you can select the date so there may be numerous versions of your house, 
  how is that even allowed in the eu ? 
  `` siansaksa '' that means gibberish is litterally `` pigs german '', 
  that 's like the oldest finnish saying there is, 
  i do n't understand . 
  french way to live is seen `` grand '' in spain ? 
  most 20 olds are children . 
  but still in europe it 's legal to fuck much younger ones, 
  it 's true , we do n't want to make our salaries as small as yours to stay competitive . 
  education is much better , 
  in my culture we cherish education so it 's no problem for even children to comprehend other languages and subtitles , 
  i pity you, 
  i 'm sorry but it 's fucking retarded . 
  you are missing a huge part of the movie if you ca n't hear their voices . 
  also dubbing damages the overall sound picture . 
  would recommend only for children under 3 who ca n't read . 
  even finland has it 's own breed !, 
  in my country russia has the top place, 
  that 's what we call them here . 
  in finland we have snatch phones in every toilet, 
  yea america has a huge debt to gdp rate . 
  you still do n't understand how you destroy dollar by printing money . 
  china is like the most peaceful big country in the world so it 's a good thing that they are more important than america . 
  you claimed that america 's actions are to defend other people which is completely false . 
  they do n't give a shit about poor countries without oil . 
  yes i would n't want to be an american tax payer . 
  i mean you do n't have even health care yet everything is expensive there . 
  well maybe your relative dying in an oil war would make you more pro war . 
  usa usa usa, 
  russia is still much more peaceful . 
  so i 'm pretty sure we be just fine after america collapses  just take a look at your debt and you see it 's very close already . 
  yes i disapprove every little game . 
  i 'm glad that our new leaders in china are n't interested in those . 
  no you were ignorant and thought that america somehow defends the whole world . 
  how does seeing your tax dollars going to oil wars make you feel ?
