  i think we should send these refugees to russia or something . 
  but were n't they like 1st generation french ? 
  it sounds logical but i would like to see some studies . 
  no i 'm not imagining that . 
  collaretal damage is a fact of life . 
  so my advice for anyone living in these terrorist harboring countries is to avoid hanging with isis guys . 
   i think you mean childish ? 
  yep  how come you worry about it ? 
  finland is n't part of nato nor has it actively participated in any military operations against isis . 
  i do n't worry about this . 
  actually finland has participated . 
   i 'm not worried , i 'm discussing the effectiveness of drone strikes , which i do n't feel are particularly effective hence the comment and article . 
  well they are efficient way for americans to kill terrorists . 
  sounds good to me . 
  also it 's nothing switzerland or finland can do about . 
   by what law ? 
  how do you define terrorist ? 
  that is the whole point of my answer . 
  if you 're taking out obl or the leadership of isis that 's one thing , but the numbers tell a different story , one where drone strikes are being used based on algorithms of clusters of people doing `` suspicious activity '' in pakistani and yemeni tribal areas . 
  this leads to heavy civilian casualties which in turn leads to the rise of groups like isis . 
  it 's a vicious circle and no amount of firepower will stop it . 
  you ca n't kill an idea if you want to fight terror you need to fight it with education and improved democracy in the countries where it originates . 
  firepower alone does n't solve anything , it 's a temporary fix to a long term problem , otherwise america and her allies would have already won the war on terror given their gigantic defense budget and powerful military . 
  i do n't know about swiss law , maybe ask a local lawyer ? 
  normally coducting treasonous acts against a country is enough . 
  it would be impossible for me to translate finnish law for you , but basically terrorist is someone who commits acts of terrorism against a country or organization . 
  their goals are political . 
  well i do n't know how americans and pakistanis choose their targets , so ca n't comment on that . 
  you can easily kill an idea as isis is n't religion or something . 
  we already see their ranks getting smaller as people flee out of disappointment or fear . 
  all of these recent terrorists were legal immigrants/aliens to these countries . 
  so closing borders for refugees would actually help   why not ? 
  countries should n't be held accountable for the lives they take in the names of the protection of their citizens and allies ? 
  but our countries are so small that no one cares . 
  i do n't have anything in my hands and neither does most of europe . 
  go to / r/news if you want to debate american foreign policy . 
  people taking part in isis operations i would say . 
  most of your questions are kinda childliss i think , no one joins isis accidentally . 
  how come do you worry about this btw ? 
  did n't your country close it 's borders already ? 
  and i 'm sure it did n't conduct any drone strikes ( do you even have them ? ) . 
  my main point was that it does n't matter what citizenship some terrorist has , he/she is an enemy combatant by the law and there 's no legal restrictions in killing them . 
  of course you and me do n't have to worry about this , 
  what are you talking about ? 
  of course we can make joining terrorist organization illegal . 
  germans do it with nazis and many countries do it with organized crime . 
  and what would that be ? 
  yes in our cities but in their own little worlds . 
  it 's much harder to move to america than to europe . 
  so you ca n't have functioning economy without jihadists ? 
  strange people you germans . 
  well most of them at least from my country are actually not finnish citizens so they are not our babies , 
  yea 7 years of european prison will teach them !, 
  they are killing enemy combatants which is n't questionable at all . 
  any proof on this ? 
  people in middle east know that hanging with terrorists is n't a good idea , 
  it 's mostly non-europeans who go there . 
  at least from finland . 
  we are not talking about the united states here . 
  depressing, 
  yea that 's like one border . 
  your claim that turkey and russia are simply asian is just false . 
  they are both and politically and culturally definately more european . 
   i still speak english better than you so i guess your last statement is false . 
  maybe it 's because italians do n't get drunk and maybe you had to flee your poor country to live as an immigrant ? 
  average italian is very bad in languages . 
  much much worse than an average finn : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ef_english_proficiency_index, 
  i 'm glad this happened in america so she will get a real life sentence . 
  in finland it would be like 12 years . 
   if i make a pass at a woman , and for whatever reason she goes along with it , wakes up feeling bad about it , and goes to the police , i go to prison . 
  you have one shitty country if this is true, 
  it 's a big problem in anglo-sphere, 
  i do n't think finland has any noteworthy museums, 
  shitty soldiers uk has, 
  just take a train like everyone else, 
   who do you think did the 1917 revolutions ? 
  someone made a revolution and the old dictator got replaced by a new one ? 
  their culture leads to a non free society, 
  please name 3 eu countries who do n't sell weapons, 
   by mixing equal amount of water with 28 and 30 degree you will not get water with 28 + 30 = 58 degree . 
  you will get water with 29 degree . 
  yea ? 
  umm they are extremely hungry already . 
  all i 'm saying is that `` a continent '' is n't something strictly defined by anyone and it has many aspects . 
  most definitions use continental selves as borders but it 's really nothing even geographers can answer . 
  here are the european regions according to the un : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe#/media/file:europe_subregion_map_un_geoscheme.svg border between europe and asia according to different conventions : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:historical_europe-asia_boundaries_1700_to_1900.png they are mostly political and cultural constructions . 
  sorry but your italian education has let you down , 
  go on, 
  at least people living those places look alike , 
  yea the continental self sure . 
  sorry if you ca n't comprehend more complex concepts than that , 
  i see . 
  i did n't know they do n't come to france anymore, 
  yea i heard many places in the uk even look like those ex colonies . 
  not all of them . 
  it 's not even the official language in algeria, 
  sorry but europe is much wider concept than the continental self named after it . 
  yea whatever . 
  nice way to simplify complex ideas . 
  soo in your mind rome never fell and italy is not weak ?
