  uneducated and illiterate workers are not very scarce . 
  at least now you could easily invite western immigrants to your country, 
  if you say so, 
  so they are mostly european  would you call israel asian too ? 
  how about canary islands ? 
  why ? 
  to me it does n't make any sense, 
  what the hell ? 
  :d please mind your own continent, 
  culturally russia european and like all of their people live in europe . 
  also turkey can be counted as both . 
  weak italy can not into geography and other sciences ? 
  umm yes they are, 
  worst of the nordics sure, 
   russia and turkey are not included because they are in fact asian countries so how 's the education in italy ? 
  but why did you import so many people from those countries ? 
  8 year old finnish boy busted them , 
  oh where are you from ? 
  there are no memory cards in that box ... 
   russian secret services experts just plain engineers could do that . 
  basically you would only need a private key and/or password . 
  decrypting stuff is kinda trivial if you have that info . 
  even this reddit page is crypted ( https ) . 
  yes we do as they are the most common type in use in the world and there 's accidents all the time . 
  i 'm guessing that 's a fake box . 
  they do . 
  in example they used footage from titanic to prove that they dived under the north pole . 
  i would say that 's not the actual box . 
  it would be trivial to put damaged circuit to a second box and make it look like that, 
   opening such a black box in front of foreign witnesses is proving nothing , and it 's only for the show . 
  exactly . 
  we ca n't even know if that 's the actual box they recovered, 
  actually in real life people are lazier . 
  it 's possible that there 's no encryption at all, 
  umm they said that all the data was lost, 
  should have bought western flight recorders . 
  there 's no reason why it could n't survive a simple crash, 
  hmm who are they ? 
  as you should, 
  so should n't be problem  you can blame that to the ice age . 
  melting and moving ice grinded all the mountains away and left lakes behind, 
  not really . 
  we are talking about like 0.5 km ^ 2 of worthless land, 
  i do n't know where you get your info but by the imf it 's 10th by nominal gdp . 
  even countries like france and italy are far ahead so i would n't take russia as a huge economy . 
  their arch enemy , usa , has economy of almost 10 times bigger . 
  their gdp per capita is measly $ 24k so it 's a poor country in my books . 
  sure they are 9th population wise but still countries like nigeria and bangladesh are ahead ... eu and usa are much much bigger . 
  are you alright ? 
  terrible system you have, 
  this is why we do n't have grades in elementary school, 
  sucky schools you have . 
  drawings of violence were only drawings we knew in school . 
  also we played war on every break, 
  in finland you get extra points if your sex is vastly outnumbered . 
  they should . 
  or maybe it 's not an equal country, 
  by population and economy it is n't . 
  do n't worry , the war will start soon , 
  nah he 's not that stupid . 
  the last time vodka got too expensive people revolted ( true story ), 
  * honor, 
  did n't even notice . 
  netherlands is such a small country , 
  is this how you russians talk normally ? 
  that 's what i thought , 
   did you just post some random dudes blog ? 
  yes but those are oecd numbers . 
  that whole `` uk is more violent than usa '' is a common lie told by the ultra right wingers in america . 
  just google it if you do n't believe me . 
  usa is the one where crime is part of the everyday life . 
   your comment history says otherwise . 
  well i reply if someone says something to me . 
  sorry i did n't mean to be mean . 
  but i thought you were mean first . 
  aa okay i get it now . 
  but honestly i do n't care if someone hates europe . 
  actually i kinda like that kind of talk as it may keep few refugees out   i mean , i do n't care much for you fuckers but i still come here out of curiosity . 
  yes i also find it kinda entertaining to read / r/news time to time . 
  i mean wow , you are n't living in the dream land :d, 
  can i have a summary please ? 
  who wrote that and what is the conclusion ? 
  oh and are you seriously claiming that america 's health care system is in par with european models ? 
  that no matter how rich you are you will get as good treatment as possible ? 
  are you lying willingly or just out of ignorance ? 
  http://i0.wp.com/blog.skepticallibertarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/america-is-violent-graph.png btw i 'm not the one obsessing over crime rates here . 
  it 's you and your countrymen who keep slobbering around reddit about how this and that social policy is n't possible in america because america has 300 million people . 
  i have no idea why we are talking about guns and crime now , 
  that maybe it 's not a suprise if you find those people on reddit too . 
  then you must know how much many people dislike your country . 
  if you do n't know the answer to that you live in a cave and i ca n't really help you . 
  what the fuck ? 
  yes i 'm sure many turkish companies are doing business there . 
  i 'm sure that poster assumes that you actually know what happened . 
  they arrested some business men and established some sanctions . 
  you are living in a cave if you do n't know this, 
  even putler is n't that stupid, 
  any news outlet, 
  yea they should just fuck each other and get over with it, 
  they are actually doing a lot more .
