  just give us our money back, 
  america 's army was superior even without that bluff . 
  they used like 5 % of their gdp while ruskies used like 50-70 % . 
  there 's no way a country with an economy smaller than italy can compete with the west, 
  i do n't we are going to listen an american on this topic . 
  thx anyway !, 
  darkness causes mental health problems, 
  do n't lie . 
  this is completely false and anyone can verify that . 
  true . 
  just the other day i started drinking beer out of dullness, 
  why are you lying to people . 
  your claims are all false, 
  that 's not true . 
  their stock market is very local . 
  it 's nothing compared to london or wall street, 
  china and america are countries . 
  eu is not a country, 
  this is false . 
  in finland women get paid the same if they work as many hours, 
  is this what people do in america ? 
  around here people are on leave at that point . 
  so the timing really does n't matter that much, 
  it 's because of the taxes . 
  americans are paying like 30 cents per liter, 
  umm but what if there 's no work to be done ? 
  actually that area with lots of women in finland has like 1/2 of the population . 
  no one lives in those red areas . 
  it 's like this here too, 
  that 's an american study so it 's worthless, 
  i do n't think all people are as money hungry as americans . 
  it 's not like you die if you do n't have money . 
  america is a very different breed, 
  umm this is such bull . 
  or maybe a cultural difference . 
  i can assure you that around here no one gives a fuck about how much money you make . 
  must suck to live in such a superficial society as america : /, 
  what does this mean ? 
  finding a family is getting less and less important for people anyways, 
  sorry about your country but we got to do what we got do . 
  next time do n't elect a dictator . 
  okay ? 
  so let the arabs and nato countries solve their mess . 
  i do n't understand why anyone else should give a fuck, 
  there is . 
  we basically have it already, 
  explain . 
  hmm what do you mean ? 
  most of them adopted from the middle east :d, 
  your picture does n't have that info . 
  just google how many finnish get visas to america every year . 
  or maybe they are going illegally ? 
  you need to belong to the inner circle first . 
  really ? 
  here people think that swedish are super social, 
  you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  it was a huge change of tone and all the leftists absolutely hated him, 
  no that 's not how it went . 
  they are very powerful here also . 
  we grow fucking tomatoes at the arctic circle !, 
  i do n't know as they do n't want to mention that on the news . 
  here 's one peace explaining how their fucking media , al-jazeera and al-arabia , has advertized finland as a good place to move to !, 
  http://www.helsinginuutiset.fi/artikkeli/318498-naiden-kaunotarten-kuvilla-suomesta-kerrotaan-turvapaikanhakijoille it 's in finnish but i think this picture is pretty self self explanatory : http://www.helsinginuutiset.fi/sites/default/files/styles/article/public/alarabia2.jpg?itok=imv0yewp, 
  it 's too dark and rainy for hobbies, 
   original : failure to launch ro : cum s\u0103 dai afar\u0103 din cas\u0103 un burlac de 30 de ani translation : how to kick a 30 year old bachelor out of the house hilariously bad :d, 
  actually just today i started drinking beer because there 's nothing else to do . 
  sorry but i 'm not playing with you . 
  yep that 's also true . 
  at least for finland . 
  americans are the biggest immigrant group after europeans and muslims . 
  but i 'm saying that 's not true . 
  just check your own statistics about who 's getting visas to america . 
  british are basically only ones still going . 
  from finland you could say that no one moves there . 
  i can assure you that around here no one gives a fuck about some latinos going to america illegally . 
  yes i know that un and oecd are n't reliable sources . 
  yes your random map is much better source than eurostat :d europeans move to other european countries much more often than to america . 
  there are only few thousand germans going to america each year according to your statistics . 
  that 's nothing for a country of nearly 90 million . 
  finnish people move to china more often than to america . 
  umm not letting illegal immigrants to your country is n't american idea :d, 
  according to statistics the immigration to america has ceased a long time ago . 
  basically no european moves there anymore . 
  more americans move to europe that the other way around . 
  does it hurt your feelings when someone points out that america is n't a good place to live ? 
  at least according to every study that is :p, 
  but the facts are facts . 
  america is n't very human friendly place . 
  yes that must be it . 
  why ? 
  they are shitty currencies, 
  just build better stuff, 
  wtf . 
  i 'm allowed to hate my own country, 
  i would n't recommend that, 
  finland was behind the iron curtain . 
  and nowadays it 's super socialistic, 
  full of ghettos and their beer glasses are sized for children . 
  1/5 would not visit again, 
  that 's a brand of condoms in finland,
