  so nato is de facto more popular than the eu was back in the day . 
  people trust government to make the right decisions . 
  btw all the officers and generals support nato . 
  nato is one thing you should n't ask people directly as a common man does n't know anything about this subject . 
  that is why we choose mps and do n't vote separately on every issue . 
  that study does n't mean anything as my link proves that people really do n't have educated and strong opinions on this subject . 
  you have sweden joining first and sauli endorsing it in finland , i would guess about 75 % would be for it over night . 
  :d whatever dude . 
  it was a cia info op anyways . 
  in the real life canada and usa are bankrupt , 
  or is it cia 's plot ? 
  to what ? 
  google.com and wikipedia.org can take you a long way . 
  given that your dictator did n't ban them already , 
  yes i do . 
  here in europe we have a free internet and we get our news from other sources than putler 's propaganda machine , 
  but not eastern europe, 
  no they are not . 
  as romanian citizens they need to have their papers and leave finland after 3 months or get employed, 
  what ? 
  so this was your plan all along ? 
  yes it does . 
  also canadian standard of living is superior compared to russia, 
  not in finland you do n't need to have an id  i 'm glad we are not nazis, 
  i do n't know i 'd that 's possible with putin . 
  he just cared his geopolitical games and nothing more, 
  they are not even trying to move here . 
  they just come for their begging business and other crimes . 
  usually they stay only for the summer . 
  i just do n't understand why some people can be so trashy . 
  it 's like they have no brains, 
  no but that he killed a lot of people, 
  well if this is the case then i do n't oppose . 
  it 's just bad idea to let countries with supposedly weak borders to join . 
  i do n't know . 
  i mean finland really do n't have issues with this so i guess some other countries are doing fine also ? 
  it is considered very reliable actually . 
  just google it . 
  police raids their camps regularly . 
  what do you mean by how ? 
  no they ca n't come on the next flight . 
  they drive their shitty cars, 
  one derives from another . 
  according to reporters themselves finland has most freedom . 
  google press freedom index, 
  you need an id but it 's not controlled at the border . 
  you can get arrested for not having an id in foreign country . 
  would n't recommend trying . 
  shengen is only about passport checks at the border . 
  refugees . 
  it makes their movement easier . 
  as of now they can stay in finland only for 3 months and they have to have proper documentation . 
  nah my new iraqi friends showed me enough pictures already . 
  does n't look like a place i would visit , 
  surely it sucks for romania also . 
  yeah . 
  i think helsinki pays them around 500 euros travel money , 
  actually finnish army already does stuff like this, 
  i really do n't know and i do n't think detail like that is important . 
  could you please keep your beggars and gypsies to yourself . 
  maybe after that we can think about it . 
  also a huge amount of criminals and beggars coming even now . 
  umm i do n't need even my id to go to other nordics . 
  much stronger agreements than shengen, 
  let 's keep it that way , 
  you english bad, 
  ah this is music for my ears , 
  umm you ca n't know because that 's what cover ups are for :d, 
  yle is in no means more reliable than iltasanomat . 
  iltasanomat is just more relaxed version of helsingin sanomat which is undoubtedly finland 's leading newspaper . 
  yle is finland 's state owned media that by the law has to `` endorse multiculturalism '' . 
  also it is known to have very leftist views . 
  they even said that out loud on the latest ajankohtainen kakkonen . 
  interesting because here it 's no problem for clubs to be very centrally located . 
  basically all of them are in downtown areas . 
  canada : '' the energy sector ( including electricity , coal , and other energy sources ) directly accounts for about 7 % of canada 's gdp '' russia : '' as of 2012 the oil-and-gas sector accounted for 16 % of the gdp , 52 % of federal budget revenues and over 70 % of total exports '' much more advanced country than russia . 
  for some reason russians tend to think that this oil price decrease is catastrophic for usa and canada . 
  is that what putler is telling you on rt ? 
  hmm there 's no proven link to that . 
  but in example crime rates are much better than in the uk, 
  hmm does forced labor at the risk of prison sound familiar ? 
  it may sound like that if you are uneducated and ca n't study one subject further than that . 
  let 's hear it from their defence minister : `` in his words , about half of young people between ages of 18 and 28 join the army in estonia , training lasts 8-11 months , with university students allowed to serve during studies or after their graduate education . '', 
  also `` the planned size of the operational ( wartime ) structure is 60 000 personnel ( high readiness reserve is 21 000 personnel ) . '', 
  this has nothing to do with finland 's slave `` everyone has to do time '' camp mentality . 
  that 's not how unemployment benefits work here . 
  if i would get unemployed now i would get 80 % of my current income for the first 500 days . 
  after that if i do n't have any signifigant liquidable assets ( apartment , car , etc ) all these would be quaranteed for me : reasonable rent , newspaper , internet , phone ( mobile ) , medicine , bus tickets , electricity , food , some extra for hobbies , money for moving to other city ( to work ) , money for cultural events , money for stuff for your apartment that you really need . 
  overall this would be much more than 97 pounds per week . 
  basic income is 500 euros per month plus housing but you can go to the office and ask more for those needs i listed . 
  i would get by myself more than 22k euros per year for 500 days . 
  with my own apartment i would get around 850/month after that 500 days . 
  one immigrant single mother got 45k  that 80 % of your salary offer is the only thing to expire . 
  basically if you are unemployed long enough you can even get granted pension for the rest of your life ( no need to search for work ) . 
  your system is n't uncharitable but the finnish one is even more charitable , 
  well that has n't happened here so why would it happen in italy or the uk ? 
  it 's not called that ( yet ) but basically you do n't have to work in finland if you do n't feel like that . 
  benefits are far more charitable than that 6k pounds per family someone talked about here . 
  moving to single benefit system also called citizen 's income would acutally save a lot of money . 
  haha that sentence did n't come out as intended .
