  sweden does n't mind, 
  umm of course . 
  this has worked as numerous restrictions have already been implemented . 
  finland is actually one of the biggest destinations for them, 
  they are in action now . 
  in example refugees ca n't come by ships anymore as now you are required to have proper papers . 
  this basically blocks them coming from germany , 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  majority of these recent refugees came from sweden . 
  only like 1k came from russia . 
  also finland has a very insignificant population of nepalese and indians . 
  no idea what you are talking about . 
  stupid swedes are sending them to finland !, 
  actually multiple restrictions has been already made , 
  it sucks a lot . 
  people are very keen to drink alcohol and commit suicides, 
  every year, 
  but i 'm going to do it in germany . 
  well then i 'm allowed to find a nazi party . 
  haha its only because one dictator thought horseback fighting was easier that way, 
  ahaha nice try troll, 
  ahaha that 's rich coming from a greek, 
  what the hell are you blabbering about ? 
  yep . 
  also me saying that their ex colonies are the richest and strongest nowadays . 
  no way they were equally bad with their european neighbors . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's just closer to your personal beliefs . 
  just read what people are trying to tell you, 
  some one flunked out of his history lessons, 
  yet many of their colonies are most prosperous and powerful countries in the world . 
  ca n't say that about soviet union . 
  many people are just uneducated . 
  and some refuse to comprehend things that are against their views . 
  no she 's just a stupid leftist feminist . 
  sweden is full of idiots like her, 
  still better police than what germany has, 
  here you make more by just existing, 
  we are on the same page i see . 
  but what these students are doing is just childish . 
  i 'm sure they will come to their senses after few years . 
  yes i would consider that a bad thing . 
  in the mean time we have a statue of russian czar and another statue that soviet union gifted . 
  no one cares about thise, 
  and i see nothing bad about it . 
  times were different and stuff like that just happened . 
  you have to judge people as in context of their culture and time . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  we have numerous statues that have nothing but historical value . 
  those men are not respected today in any way but because we are not pc-children no one cares to hurt her feelings . 
   but statues of people exist to honour people , not for us to reflect on their misdeeds you are completely incorrect . 
  we have numerous statues that have nothing but historical value . 
  those men are not respected today in any way but because we are not pc-children no one cares to hurt her feelings . 
  haha i 'm glad pc-warriors like you do n't have power in my country . 
  were n't most kings in england pretty brutal ? 
  umm you sound like a victim of propaganda . 
  if oil is only few percents of their gdp the there 's no way that it would as important as in russia . 
  oil companies are of course privately owned . 
  you flunked your philosophy too ? 
  it 's the community who makes the rules and state is only one tool for that . 
  yes i see you are 17 . 
  so naive and uneducated . 
  by western definition rape is legal in many countries . 
  you must not be very bright not knowing that  i do n't know about the hellhole you live in , but at least here we have something called `` democracy '' . 
  that means we will have laws allowing concealed carry when people want that . 
  we do n't have a gun culture like czech so no reforms in sight !, 
  what do you mean by `` state regulation is , by and large , reactionary . '', 
  i mean that sentence is completely false . 
  state regulates what people want it to regulate . 
  there are infinite number of behaviour that state does n't regulate because it 's just our culture so we tolerate with the down side . 
  in america they tolerate guns and in finland we tolerate alcohol and public nudity  yea i have no idea what does some stone age people have to do with modern societes . 
  your argumentation does n't really make sense . 
  you are trying to simplify complex phenomenons here . 
  guess someone skipped his social science classes :p if you really claim that `` state regulation '' is somehow separate issue from the culture then i really ca n't help you . 
  maybe we can talk when you are adult . 
  you must not be very well educated if you ca n't comprehend with what people are trying to explain to you . 
  let 's do an exercise : why do you think it 's legal to rape women in some countries ? 
  the fact that they have that kind of laws means they have `` established culture of firearm ownership '', 
  yes there is . 
  sorry honey but i really do n't care if you ca n't google by yourself . 
  on the side note , was n't america supposed to collapse around 2010 ? 
  at least this is what russian media said . 
  any news on that topic ? 
  sadly here our media is controlled by the cia :(, 
  it 's all relative . 
  i 'm kinda sure netherland 's `` poor '' are doing better than mexico 's middle class . 
  yea that 's why i do n't watch rt. 
  did n't russia cut it 's budget by staggering 10 % just today ? 
  i 'm sorry that you are getting even poorer but the evil ca n't go unpunished   `` mr. oliver indicated that budget is balanced for 2015-2016 . 
  this was achieved by counterbalancing the recent fall in oil prices with the sale of the government 's shares in general motors . 
  the deficit for the 2014-2015 fiscal year is an estimated $ 2 billion . 
  a surplus of $ 1.4 billion is predicted for 2015-2016 . 
   the federal debt-to-gdp ratio is estimated to be approximately 31.2 % for 2014-2015 . 
  this ratio is projected to decline to 30.8 % in 2015-2016 and to continue to do so thereafter , reaching 25.5 % in 2019-2020 . 
  unemployment is currently at the rate of 6.7 % . '', 
  canada is doing so well that russia ca n't even imagine such prosperity , 
  i 'm not blaming anyone . 
  just stating the fact that this stupid little agreement is their alternative for nato . 
  which is just fucking stupid if you ask me . 
  52 % said yes and a huge number was unsure .
