  not everyone in the military shoots guns for a living . 
   let me guess , you are in your mid twenties , think guns are keeeewl , spend a lot of time irl saying `` ackchuaaaaaally '' and are on reddit to exchange your thoughts on shit video games , titties and sometimes try to butt in on geopolitics , economy and politics in general , but all your knowledge is based on anglo-media and le reddit . 
  nope , thats not correct , but go ahead and keep acting like a child . 
   yeah you do . 
  no we do n't  also we are n't allies in the first place . 
  i know , which is why i am tired of paying for your defense . 
  i would keep the azores and our stuff in the med along with our hospital in germany , but the uk and germany do not need our airforce . 
   well , that is true , but compensating for them is n't putting us in the poorhouse . 
  no , but it hurts our capabilities in the pacific . 
   they would n't have that deathgrip under a european style healthcare system because european governments either set prices or negotiate lowered costs , like we already do with medicare . 
  simply put , we are making poor choices . 
  we pay higher rates on our medications so that other countries can have reduced rates on theirs . 
   projection no its not projection , you have been very inflammatory for no reason . 
   source ? 
  bosnia , libya , syria  source ? 
  afghanistan , libya , syria  i 'm sure you get laid a lot . 
  just proving my point that euros are children . 
   well , we also are n't threatened . 
  so that whole russia and refugee stuff just is n't real when we have this discussion ? 
   ok , i beg to differ that a few thousand people would complain . 
  i am sorry i left them out . 
  try several million . 
   yes , but it does n't have anything do with whether us bases are there or not , my dear delusional yank . 
  it does actually . 
   yes it is . 
  source ? 
   you seem to be a real expert on aviation logistics . 
  also you seem to be smarter than your own military . 
  we do n't fly through germany , we fly through the med . 
   you realize that a ) the american consumer is the one who pays b ) there is a reason germany exports a decent amount of goodies . 
  both sides lose in a trade war . 
  which is why if we left you would n't do anything about it , but we can do just fine without german goods . 
  we could if they wanted our help . 
   no you do n't . 
  we also do n't need that . 
  we do actually . 
   also in your own interest , not good enough . 
  it would n't be in our interest during a trade war now would it . 
   especially those claims about southwestern german economy and the lack of understanding of how tariffs work are not only incredibly embarassing , but also completely discredit you and your opinion . 
  ignoring the fact that you are an armchair military logistic expert too . 
  i have real experience with all of these things . 
  i was in the military . 
  we do n't need germany , our other allies are starting to replace you . 
   that is simply not true , i am sorry . 
  it is true , they refuse to keep their militaries in good working order . 
  that means they do not value their defense very much . 
   we already spend more on healthcare than any other country in the world , and we get worse results out of it . 
  the problem is that our citizens are literally terrified of the better solution . 
  this is n't because we do n't have european style healthcare , this is because the industry has a deathgrip on the costs of healthcare . 
   i mean , other than the 2 cases in modern history where the american people voted for one person and got the other , yeah , that 's exactly how it works my man . 
  the country is built in our image . 
  what does that even have to do with what i said . 
  are you here to discuss an issue or be a whiny twat about things you do n't understand . 
   you do know that the moment us does the pulling there will be no incentive for europeans to keep around your `` support facilities '' ? 
  not true at all , those facilities help the local economy and provide training and research info to our allies . 
   or do anything extra nice for you for that matter . 
  like what . 
   us will lose its influence in europe overnight . 
  no it wont . 
  this implies that the us is only used as an attack dog for europe . 
  if this is what we need to do to have influence , then we would n't have such a strong relationship with china . 
   not to mention that the way its framed makes it sound like us military is some mercenary band for hire . 
  thats how you are framing it . 
  i do n't want to have our troops be your little attack dogs , i want to simply trade and have normal non-hegemonic relations . 
   americans live worse lifestyles due to our own decisions !, 
  well due to the fact that we have to defend one of our most valuable trading partners that wont even defend themselves . 
   we do n't have universal healthcare not because we spend so much on the military , but because every time we try half the country screams `` socialism !!!! '', 
  and runs to their bunker . 
  we would n't be able to afford it without raising taxes , which most people could n't handle . 
   the us is a country of the people , by the people and for the people , and we got the country we asked for . 
  yeah , thats not the whole story and you know that . 
  yes . 
  we really really really would n't . 
  that 's part of your fantasy , that we somehow secretly like you or rely on you , but we really really do n't . 
  except you do . 
  when we do n't intervene in some shithole you blame us , when we do even at your request , you call us warmongers . 
  its like dealing with women/children , damned if you do damned if you do n't . 
   source ? 
  the fact that your military is hated by your own people and the fact that you have trouble manning it and equipping it is proof that your people are not committed to even your own defense . 
   literally no one would complain though ? 
  not true at all . 
  the local populations love and rely on the us for their economies . 
  there is a reason west and specifically southwest germany is the money maker in germany . 
   all the `` troops '' in western europe are there because you need them there for your adventures in the me , not because they are needed by us ? 
  thats not why they are there , we have bases in qatar , bahrain , and kuwait that can fulfill that need for us . 
   you ca n't tax us , genius . 
  we can tax your goods which would hurt your exports , and we can get the abandoned east euro countries to impose those same types of sanctions . 
   therefore it is up to you to find something you can offer us . 
  we help with your defense , and help to protect your trade with foreign entities with our navy . 
  just because you are shortsighted and ignorant of the facts does n't really change whats actually true . 
  the germans do n't have enough units to effectively deploy and maintain their own defense while also training . 
  all of that fatigues a military . 
  many americans see that europe has a better lifestyle than the us , and one of the oft cited reasons is lower military spending . 
  then they here that the us does most of the heavy lifting in europe when it comes to defense and they start to realize that maybe we could have better lives if the europeans just did their fair share . 
  it breeds resentment , and its a resentment that i share . 
   sounds like your problem , not ours . 
  yeah , it will be your problem when we just up and leave or ca n't stand by our commitments because we choose to help the less fortunate of our allies . 
  the worst part is you would still blame us for your lack of effort . 
   if we fill in the daddy-slot protecting the poor sheep from the big bad wolf rossija you will lose your influence on the eastern euros anyway . 
  lol , if you wont defend yourselves , what makes you think that you will spend money to defend others ?
