   they fight for more freedoms of this sort , the right to fire expecting mothers for example . 
  if they are forced to pay an employee who is n't working then that is unjust . 
   meanwhile paid maternity leave and minimum days of paid vacation allow many workers in europe to have time to do whatever they want at the expense of others . 
  such an attitude is childish and selfish . 
  your rights end where another begins . 
   well i think thats because we are like the drunkard dad , just give us a bit more responsibility and some alcohol ( nationalism ) and we will fuck it all up =p no the reason you guys fuck shit up is because you do things with good intentions ( the good of society ) but fail to realize that humanity does n't work like a hivemind , and enforcing uniform policies will cause conflict . 
   the us is more like the son that tries to be better but clearly has some tendencies towards his father behavior  very little of anything we do is related to nationalism , but instead corporatism disguised as nationalism . 
  even still its hard to liberate people who pray for submission . 
   that depends entirely on how you define liberty . 
  if one wants a strict `` free of restrictions '' , then somalia is the place to be !, 
  that is what freedom means . 
  this newspeak bullshit that people lap up is disgusting . 
  freedom is and always will be about being free from restriction . 
  in europe they are free from certain restrictions that even i am jealous of , but that still does n't change the definition of freedom . 
   on a more pragmatic level , people think of individual liberty as the ability to pursue their own interests . 
  one is not free to do so if they are put an astounding debt for necessary medical procedures . 
  in that sense public programs ( and something like ubi ) provides the individual with more agency within the state . 
  again in that sense , taxation does not limit autonomy or affect liberty , it is just an annoyance/burden . 
  if you have to twist the definition of something , then it just shows how logically bankrupt your argument is . 
  being free from consequence is not the same as liberty since that consequence has to be paid for . 
  since it has to be paid for by a third party it is now an entitlement . 
   however the right in the us has taken liberty to mean something entirely different , in short the freedom of the capitalist to oppress the worker . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  regardless nothing like that has been done in any shape or form . 
  only twisted logic would lead you to that conclusion . 
  this is a non-sequitur , the point is your policies are generally entitlement based , and not based on liberty . 
  adulthood is measured by responsibility . 
  america bears most of the responsibilities between the two powers . 
  you guys do n't have liberty , you have entitlement . 
  most of the things that make your country great are provided by the government . 
  that is n't freedom . 
  europeans have this this with liberty = good so things i like must be freedoms then . 
  that is just not the case . 
  for instance nhs , that 's a good entitlement , but it is not a liberty . 
  the regular airforce has dumped their f-15cs on the reserves and national guard . 
  they only have e models . 
  the eurofighters are pretty good , and the rafales are good as well . 
  which is why need all of them , thanks for learning me something anyway . 
  it was deleted . 
   modern sam systems and even manpads are designed to be resistant to jamming . 
  having a `` jammer '' is not a magical shield from missiles . 
  and , as i 've said , missiles have downed a-10s , during the gulf war . 
  those were manpads which use ir detection . 
   you can load up an a-10 with a jammer and harms but then you wo n't be doing much cas with it , you 'll be doing sead . 
  which we have plenty of other planes that can do as well . 
  no you put on a jammer and send it in right behind the sead aircraft and use it in tandem . 
  all of these arm chair general circle jerks always seem to have people who forget we use combined arms , not one type of unit at a time . 
  most of what you said is n't true . 
  the a-10 can fly with a jammer and was meant to fly with a jammer from the outset of any hostilities with the ussr . 
  the soviets have always used missile systems and they do that more than anyone else . 
  the biggest threat to the a-10 is other fighters , and manpads . 
  that being said , even f-22s and f-35s wont do atg ops without doing sead first . 
  we operate our military in a state of near paranoia of potential threats . 
  this is a deployment so this is temporary , they are also with our national guard so they get our older stuff . 
  if i can remember right the active airforce does n't use f-15cs anymore and only has f-15es . 
  i honestly do n't think there is a good reason for that . 
  no offense , but many of the people who bitch about the guns the military use either do n't know much about guns , or do n't know how their guns work in the grand scheme of things . 
  for instance there are complaints of 5.56 not working well past 600 meters . 
  the thing is they were never really supposed to shoot that far with their rifles , most militaries only qualify their rifleman as far as 600 meters . 
  so they assume that any thing farther will be dealt with by something else . 
  when it comes to reliabilty , the g36 may have only been designed to be used in non-sandy environments . 
  guns in those environments need to be ran with minimal lube , and many soldiers do n't realize this so they over lube their guns and then bam `` reliability '' problems . 
  especially if they are taught how to use and clean their guns in the forests of germany that do n't really have that problem . 
  it works , but it is too heavy for what it is , and they insist on using steel magazines instead of aluminum or polymer . 
  you can do that with an ar-15 too . 
  in fact you can melt the gas tube if you shoot it enough . 
  that has more to do with the cartridge not the gun . 
  soldiers will always bitch about their guns/weapons , its been this way since the end of time . 
  i agree with this statement , where is your god now ? 
  repeating your mistaken belief that i am ill informed is just veiled ad hominem and refuses to address the point . 
  the fact that you are evading the topic adds merit to my argument , not yours . 
  i do actually , the whole libya campaign would have not even have happened had the us not got involved . 
  even after we did get involved , you relied on us logistics to keep it afloat the whole way . 
  europeans have a very short sighted attitude towards their military that causes them to not realize you have to spend a lot now so you do n't have to spend a lot later . 
   really ? 
  so , if all nato members that are not meeting the goal of 2 % defense spending abolished their armies and dropped their spending to 0 % right now , the situation would remain unchanged ? 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  only france and the uk use their militaries for anything meaningful . 
  then you have some former soviet satellites chipping in here and there , but for the most part the rest of europe does very little . 
   it would not and you know it . 
  you know that the situation would get way worse . 
  so you also know you 're full of ( ideological ) shit . 
  no i am not full of shit , the fact that europe could n't handle libya on their own is proof that they are impotent . 
  doing not enough is the same as not doing anything . 
   and i 'm saying being prepared for a large scale conventional war against china and russia at the same time is pretty ridiculous . 
  except for all you know it has kept our allies safe . 
  the thing with a good deterrent is you know it works when nothing is happening . 
   right now keeping russia contained regionally and surgical strikes against jihadis ( keeping focus on aq rather than isis ) is what the ideal global hegemon strategy is right now . 
  and we could n't do that with a european style military . 
   i suppose keeping china in check in the s. china sea and a bit of a threat toward iran but priorities are crazy . 
  europeans are too short sighted to prepare for things they ca n't see , which is why you were n't prepared for the arab spring , and you are n't prepared for russia now . 
  proactive is always better than reactive . 
  although i do n't think we should be in nato , we are still not talking about that . 
  we are talking about having carriers and a military that can be used the a minute after peace . 
  is that what we were talking about ? 
  i thought we were talking about why the us needed so many carriers ? 
   right but even being able to have 2 deployed at any given time is more than enough . 
  no it is n't , we have one near the middle east , one near the med and one in the pacific . 
  if one of those is lost , it needs to be replaced asap . 
  we build our military to be resilient when times are tough , not just good enough when things are easy .
