  that attitude is why european militaries ca n't handle any serious deployments without american support . 
  when i say deployments i am talking about just in your own sphere of influence too , like libya . 
  yeah , but you can understand how a person could get bored with one gun at least . 
  if you actually think that , then you do n't understand warfare . 
  that apache needs a pilot , fuel , weapons and a place to land . 
  it will be vulnerable at one point or in some point in its supply chain . 
  have you shot multiple guns ? 
  each one shoots different , and also has a very different purpose . 
  they have to have a 70 % female unit to be effective , and they are very rarely used in combat . 
  its note worthy when saying that `` there have been no decrease in effectiveness '' because there can be no decrease for the number zero . 
  the israelis tried this already and it did n't fair well . 
  what makes the eu great is circumstance , not human agency . 
  how do i delete my facebook ? 
   i do n't want culture of any european nation to be dominant in any me country either . 
  thats not good enough bro . 
  you have to be a reverse imperialist to be seen as not racist to those people . 
  there was no founding people in the americas , the indians integrated here too . 
  the anti-federalist papers support my argument even more , so why are you acting like ignoring that makes me afraid ? 
  except they are , and the federalist papers support it . 
   also , it is rather the failure of the system / a little bit therefor of the voters themselves that these areas exist in the us . 
  its not a failure , we were made to intentionally recognize that local government and minimal government would be best for the country . 
   well - that is how a state and a community works . 
  socialist states do you yes , but liberal republics do n't . 
  all that stuff you are talking about means nothing to people in rural areas as it has no relevance in their lives . 
  just because you like something does n't mean you need to force others to like or deal with it . 
   what about breivik ? 
   proud people of europe have been assholes to themselves as well , events as ww2 or more recent bosnian war had plenty of evil done without external help . 
  before recently europeans were able to wave those things off as either once in awhile flukes , or eastern european problems . 
  now its all over the rest of europe , and they are all out of gun control and privacy invasive security measures and do n't know what to do . 
   or do they cause , not to sound cold-hearted , relatively small harm in center of europe and leave permanent imprint into it 's societies mind ? 
  i see what you are saying , and the best way to deal with it is to stick to the ideas of liberty and fight back socially and physically if need be . 
   so then , these small scale attacks , with knives and such , are they coordinated from isis cave hq , or part of them are indeed as op of this comment thread states could be if not a reason , then cultivated by this 24/7 information cycle that they result and those big attacks are known for . 
  the worst part is a i think they are just inspiration attacks for either personal gain or isis 's gain . 
  ideas do n't need coordination to be executed , and thats why i am against islam as it is used as a political ideology more than a personal faith ideology . 
  there is a spike in terrorism in europe i will say that . 
  massacres were unheard of until the paris incidents . 
  the common theme to me just seems to be shitty people doing shitty things , but we really have n't done much to stop those shitty people and remove them from the rest of society . 
   ideology may play a part in some of these attacks , but consider that the us is also experiencing a sharp climb in spree killings as well , and only a few of the american attacks are ideologically motivated . 
  i keep hearing this , but the numbers just do n't support it . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/opinion/how-many-mass-shootings-are-there-really.html http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2012/12/mass-shootings-mother-jones-full-data http://ideas.time.com/2013/09/18/navy-yard-whiplash-are-killings-going-up-or-down/, 
  http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/study-connects-media-coverage-to-rise-in-mass-shootings/ not saying i agree with free speech restrictions , but its just like suicide . 
  the idea is contagious . 
  i hate all of that , but i also like the right of free speech enough to not shit all over it because of my fear . 
  not really , because college has nothing to do with education these days , unless its a stem degree . 
  most departments require college before they even send you to the academy . 
  yeah , we do n't do that , and we certainly do n't live in some despotic shithole . 
  chicago is a corrupt and violent in many parts of it . 
  you will have that experience in some of the strictest cities in the us because the media keeps the people , and therefore the police force terrified . 
  i do n't think that is short at all . 
  that depends on the state and police force . 
  philadelphia pd has their own academy and its a 9 month academy . 
  no its not understandable , and despite what the media tells you , violence in the us , including gun violence is very rare . 
  at the same time although concealed carry is an accepted thing here , not many people exercise the right . 
  if op was in new york like i suspect , they do n't even allow concealed carry . 
  i doubt any of this happened , this just sounds like something europeans believe about the us that is n't really true when you actually know how things work here . 
  you have changed the subject , and are ignoring my point . 
  i am not talking about mass shootings , i am talking about your hysteria over the type of gun used . 
  its the most basic nonspecial gun he could have used . 
   like i wo n't be surprised about the next shooting in the usa committed with a semiautomatic rifle . 
  most mass shootings in the us are done with handguns though . 
   in any case , i would say this debate has just about runs its course . 
  there is not debate here . 
  just you being hysterical over the type of gun used when that is just a normal gun . 
  yeah , but you are bringing it up like its not normal . 
  glocks are normal plain boring guns that do nothing special . 
  its like bringing up the fact that a guy used a ford or iveco truck in a mass killing . 
  its irrelevant info . 
  yeah , glocks are just basic handguns , and are nothing special . 
  it is based on 100 year old design . 
  guns do n't make the rounds they shoot much more lethal from model to model . 
   high-quality firearm and lots of ammo in a place like munich do we even know what type of gun it was ? 
  what makes you think it was a high quality ? 
  remember , selling a stolen good is 100 % profit , so they usually sell pretty cheap . 
   for the near future , i 'm most concerned about all sorts of hastily introduced feel-good laws that do n't help anyone and restrict our freedoms further . 
  i know it sucks to hear for most people , but sometimes shit happens , and changing what you do is n't going to make shit not happen . 
  i was talking about guns stolen from yugoslavian countries . 
  lots of free firearms were laying around there , and those guns flow into european countries all of the time . 
  you wont see much petty crime with them , because the cost of the crime is too expensive for european standards . 
  at the same time with isis , and all of the media reporting on shootings so much , there will be more of these in the coming years . 
  you are assuming that the gun would be expensive , but cheap stolen guns do n't command much overhead , so they are n't as expensive as people think . 
  firearms deaths stats include suicides . 
   shotgun slugs ( 12 gauge ) achieve typical velocities of approximately 1800 fps for 1-oz . 
  ( 437.5 grain ) slugs , a sabot slug that is lighter than an ounce may go that fast , but most foster slugs get to about 1300 . 
  the le stuff is toned down to about 1100 fps . 
   i mean , all three of those were fuck-ups and do n't have anything to do with us . 
  europe botched bosnia which forced the us to get involved in something that really should have required us too . 
  libya really was a bank hit , but it was for french and uk banks . 
  people in those countries bitch about how we did it , although we did it reluctantly and had to hold europe 's hand the whole way . 
  your country was n't involved , good on you , but it is still another example of european fuckery costing the us . 
  in afghanistan we had to invoke the treaty to get most of the larger members to help , and when they did , they half-assed it with shitty roe or terrible political policies like paying off the enemy . 
   libya and syria is actually against our interest , absolutely not at our request . 
  i agree , but the world clamored to save those poor people from their brutal dictators just to bitch and tacitly imply that those people ca n't handle not having a brutal dictator put the boot on their throats . 
   russia is n't threatening germany , no idea what refugees have to do with this . 
  it is threatening european interests , as are the refugees , which by the way is also blamed on the us . 
   nope . 
  yes . 
   ca n't follow what you are trying to tell me . 
  no trade war . 
   it actually shows that you do n't have skills needed in the actual economy . 
  do n't be so cocky , you do n't even know what skills i have .
