  we can always just pivot to eastern europe like we are doing now , while pulling our troops out of western europe . 
   and i guess you will have to offer us something better than eastern euro saliva on our dicks . 
  you will be offered leavys and taxes on your goods to help pay for the surrogate defend we provide you . 
  then why is usafe the largest airforce in europe ? 
   puts its defense commitments in doubt thats literally how european countries have behaved for the last 25 years or longer . 
  well if they do n't want to be told what to do then they should act like adults and pay for their own defense . 
  when you carry the stick you get to make the rules . 
  the 2 % thing is from way after the fall of the wall . 
  it had nothing to do with the cold war . 
  now they have the russian military staring at them again , and they would rather be selfish . 
  many americans want us to pull most of our troops out of europe and only leave the support facilities intact . 
  its very expensive for us to keep our military in your countries and that money could be spent somewhere else . 
   you would have a point if the us was looking to reduce their military budget , but they are n't . 
  we want to pivot our military in a different direction to a region that needs us more than you do . 
  to keep up our current obligations in europe , and elsewhere would force us to spend even more money , which believe it or not the military does n't want to do . 
  i do n't think he is suggesting that , and there is a way for all of the countries to bolster their militaries while still making one that fulfills their unique needs . 
  for instance germany could just have more infantry and tank divisions , and have them deployed in eastern europe on rotations . 
  we have the best healthcare and education though . 
  you just have to pay for it with your own money not someone else 's . 
  * know and yes , i would know with my normal human adult wisdom . 
  i was that edgy teenager once myself . 
   i 'm telling you how most european feel , not how it is on reddit maybe , but most europeans probably do n't care about america as much as they do . 
  that place is filled with edgy out of touch european teenagers who have no social awareness . 
  also their view is wrong and misinformed , guns usually de-escalate things . 
   it might work but if it does n't your screwed it works 99 % of the time . 
   your source contradicts you here . 
  the fbi defines mass shootings as shootings were four or more were killed . 
  what i do n't understand is why your source do n't want to use fbi 's definition , but instead use another one . 
  which source ? 
  i provided multiple sources , and some news papers use their own definition . 
  congress uses the fbi definition and so does time magazine . 
   if the fbi 's definition is propaganda , then yes , they do have one . 
  you are the one saying that the fbi definition does n't count because it is dishonest . 
   they also do n't use fbi 's definition of ` four or more people killed ' , but exclude people , who were killed in ` gang activity , armed robbery , or domestic violence in homes ' yes , because those things can be avoided , so they do n't strike the same fear as a normal mass shooting . 
  do n't pretend sandy hook or virginia tech shootings are the same as a drug deal gone wrong . 
  one is random and scary , and the other is just desserts for people who play a dangerous game . 
   we 're not discussing the trend of american mass-shootings , so this is hardly relevant . 
  yes we are , and that source was to substantiate the fact that my definition is the right one . 
   the conclusion of this article is ` we do n't know anything ' , i do n't know how you can use that . 
  they do n't know anything , stop looking to other people to give you answers . 
  look at the information and use critical thinking . 
  also , again , i posted that to substantiate my definition . 
  do you even know what we are talking about . 
   clickbait title making it seem like everyone disagrees with the fbi , while they have quotes in the article from scholars , who agree with them . 
  besides , this article is about ` active shooters ' , not quite the same . 
  so time is clickbait now ? 
  also it is n't click bait when its true , you are a perfect example of this . 
   that 's just a repeat of the mother jones article . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't mean they are wrong . 
   sorry , i read through your whole comment , got to here , and now it seems to me that this is a waste of time . 
  oh please , i provided 6 sources that said your definition of mass shooting was n't correct , and you went off on tangents not even related to why i posted them in some piss poor attempt to discredit them . 
  the only one who is a waste of time here is you . 
  you want to cling to your dogma even though multiple sources on your side of the argument have said that is is dishonest . 
  you are an extremist who 's opinion and motives ca n't be trusted due to your lack of honesty . 
   i do n't know how you can call the attacks ` not terrorism ' . 
  it was a mass shooting , not terrorism . 
  terrorism is supposed to cause fear in a population in order to enact some type of action from them . 
  thats why it is not terrorism . 
  its not my fault you think falsely believe political motivated killings are what qualifies as terrorism . 
   is terrorism not an act of violence with the purpose of installing fear in the general population ? 
  it has to motivate some type of reaction as well . 
   if so , how was the 2011 attacks not terrorism ? 
  was 9/11 not terrorism either ? 
  how about the boston bombings ? 
  a backwards and violent religion trying to scare americans into changing their foreign policy is terrorism . 
  some guy shooting up a carebear camp because he is angry about the world around him is not terrorism . 
  not getting killed or raped by a person who has physical disparity over them . 
  which is not physically possible most of the time . 
  so its not really a defense now is it ? 
  lol , you mean the same organization that lets saudi arabia chair the human rights convention ? 
  why would i give a fuck about such a hypocritical organization ? 
  yet you do n't allow people to protect their lives with any sense of realistic effectiveness . 
  you ca n't even have pepper spray or cricket bats next to your beds . 
   shitty healthcare , we have better healthcare than you , ours just costs more . 
   environmental protection carbon taxes are not environmental protections . 
   bad education we do n't have bad education , we have bad students in the ghettos . 
  our colleges are the best in the world . 
   barely availability of normal vegetables , not true at all . 
   only plastic cheese jesus christ and you say i am ignorant ? 
  that shitty kraft cheese you think is `` american cheese '' is n't what we actually eat . 
  we have sargento for the lazy , and the deli for those who have taste . 
   two horrible president elects you started the right wing craze over there with brexit and the eu politicians from the rightwing . 
   the bathroom stall gap for a continent who calls us prudes , you guys sure get weirded out by accidentally seeing some guys harry knee . 
   social justice oh god , you are just a hardcore lefty who thinks people should get free shit should n't you ? 
  get fucked and work for what you have , thats what i have to do so thats what you have to do . 
   drugs is jail time as it is in many european countries . 
   alcohol is the devil only to certain religions , one of which you are about to be supplanted by in your countries . 
   the beer you drink is kids-beer , both continents have adjunt lager that is sold to the masses . 
  stop acting like stella is good , and that you are all drinking warsteiners and franziskaner . 
   alot of poor people with all of those refugees you will be caught up quite soon . 
   unlimited refills how is this bad you fucking commie ? 
   water that tastes like bleach i have well water so i don ; t know what you are talking about . 
   bottled water with added minerals . . water needs minerals to have flavor . 
  they put minerals in tap water you fucking dolt . 
   the only things you do better is you can go right through a red light , movies and your kitchen sink is a waste disposal . 
  you forgot , actually protects free speech , property , and other human rights from the will of the mob with constitutional limitations . 
  lets people make their own decisions and treats them like adults . 
   your first source defines mass-shootings as four or more dead , however they exclude `` robbery , gang violence or domestic abuse in private homes . '', 
  yeah , thats what scientist and fbi use as their metric ? 
  is it not propagandized enough for you .
