  it 's clearly not in violation of any french constitutional law , international and european human right treaties , etc. 
  it 's clearly not seen as a violation of human rights or freedom by people very qualified and competent to rule on this . 
  european constitutions are weak to the point where they have little power to protect anyone from government over reach . 
  its alarming how unfree many of the people in the eu countries are . 
   spare me . 
  you have more rights in every european country than you do in the us , as an individual . 
  even russia gives its citizens more rights . 
  of course our constitution does n't give more rights than european countries , that 's because our bill of rights is n't a granting document , but a restrictive one that restrict the government on which rights it ca n't touch . 
  there are 27 amendments , and a few of them protect multiple rights at once . 
   try and get it through your head that other countries have different understanding of what constitutes freedom and liberty . 
  what and how their society should work , and how it works best . 
  it 's not always the american way that 's right , and frankly more and more people are more than dissapointed with the american model . 
  the american model is hardly in effect , is the problem . 
  i never said it was perfect anyway , either way under no definition is controlling another persons choice of wardrobe freedom , * that * ** is ** * fascism . 
  where the fuck did any of that happen ? 
  i merely stated that our expensive military spending in your continent gives us a bit more reason to be concerned with you government policies , just like you should be concerned by ours . 
   the french law could easily be interpreted as constituting a freedom for women to not be subject to a cultural phenomenon of islamic law . 
  even if they wish to wear it , they 're the product of a religion that discriminates against women and violates their freedom to express themselves . 
  if someone else makes the decision for you , that is n't freedom . 
  no matter how you rationalize it this is not a win for freedom , but of people scared of losing their culture because they do n't have the balls to fight back themselves . 
   fact is , neither of them is right or wrong . 
  it 's apples and oranges.continental interpretations differ significantly on many legal issues from the american , and anglo-saxon ones . 
  even the continental interpretation is not all the same , but with many differences to each country and the historic / cultural background of the country . 
  no actually the government is wrong on this one , because they have no place making a decision for the woman . 
   you say the french do not like freedom . 
  they will say that they are promoting freedom with that law . 
  fact is , each see freedom as something different and in through a different lens . 
  through fucked up logic they think that way . 
  forceful imposition of your believe system is not freedom , no matter how benevolent you believe it is . 
   my point with the american view above is that the french , and continental countries , do not view all politics , and particularly in this case what constitutes freedom the same way , and therefore his comment is a bit out of place and he has very little understanding of the context of this law . 
  the same way european citizens have very little understanding of us politics ( unless they can claim some expertize on the subject , and vice-versa for us citizens on european politics ) . 
  its simple , many in europe think that your right to vote gives you domain to make decisions for others . 
  that is n't a different brand of freedom , that is fascism . 
  when the votes turn against you , you will wish that democracy did n't have so much power over peoples lives to cause such injustices . 
   as a last point to the other comment the guy had . 
  europe being part of the free world . 
  every time i have heard this empty political propaganda rhetoric i thought it was either a ) pre-1990 and during the cold war or b ) said with a humorous intent . 
  every rhetoric like that , bringing democracy , freeing people , making their lives better , etc. 
  is inherently flawed as it 's subject to different interpretations that will always vary to a large extent even from one individual to another . 
  promoting government that gives everyone an equal chance to find happiness , through liberty is n't flawed . 
  supporting * fascism * is another kind of fucked up though . 
   france is not imposing their will `` unjustly '' , france is imposing french law on french citizens , equally . 
  the law itself is unjust , it does n't matter how they enforce it , it violates the rights of a person to control what they wear , when those things are so harmless . 
   if muslims do n't like french law they can leave . 
  again just because it is the law does n't mean it is even close to being a just law . 
  it violates the rights of women just as much as forcing them to wear burkas violates the rights of women . 
   yes , you 're agreeing with me . 
  i do n't know who you 're arguing with . 
  i do n't agree with laws that restrict your residents unfairly , but i do think it is retarded how you bring so many people with backwards values into your country . 
   that dress code interferes with french law , faces should be visible . 
  plenty of laws violate a persons rights , just because something is law does n't make it right or just . 
   therefore , it should be banned , no matter how tied it is to religious beliefs . 
  its a draconian law in place to give more power to the police state , i ca n't imagine people being that upset about not seeing someones face they probably do n't even care about anyway . 
   and whether or not it violates the rights of women is an extremely grey area . 
  its not grey , if the woman chooses to wear the burka there is no violation of anyone 's rights . 
  if she is forced to wear it by someone else , than that is a violation of her rights . 
  a woman 's body is her property , i am not even a feminist yet i understand that . 
   many muslim women choose to wear that , and many muslim women are forced to wear it against their will . 
  go after the people imposing their will unjustly , do n't just impose your will unjustly as if two wrongs make a right . 
   do you live in europe ? 
  no but my taxes go into your defense . 
  no matter how unnecessary you think that defense is . 
  we still have tons of troops on your continent affording you the ability to skimp out on your military , so you can get numerous social entitlements . 
   how can you judge how europeans feel about this then ? 
  oh please , do n't ever comment on american culture or politics either then . 
  since we are the major military power in europe we have a vested interest to see if you continue to share our values , which you do n't . 
   do you really think we `` eat up '' the nsa ? 
  calm down frans , i was talking about the burka law , and other overreaching laws that force everyone down a path that may not benefit them or even their own country . 
   you 're so wrong . 
  you are so lost , i do n't even know why i bothered replying to you . 
  just because my government violates the constitution , does n't make my point any less relevant . 
  most american people are against the nsa , while many europeans eat laws like this up . 
  yeah you do , its called property rights . 
  your body is your property , and you have the right to put whatever you want on it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the us is one of the few countries to have a document restricting what its government can do in regards to control . 
   yes they will . 
  if western civilisation does n't stand up to the incessant attempts of muslim extremists to gain ground in european law , they 'll keep on corroding western lifestyle and quietly but surely imposing their own . 
  they would only be able to do that because you refuse to institute constitutional protections for individuals . 
  at the same time you allow them to emigrate to your country . 
  if its that bad , and they refuse to accept secular values than do n't let them live there anymore . 
   europe should not grant exceptions of the law based on religious reasons . 
  i am not saying you should grant exceptions , i am saying you should just not have a law like that altogether , and defend the freedom of those women to chose , one way or another . 
  when they see how much better the indigenous men treat them they will choose secularism . 
  instead now they are just isolated and kept away from other men allowing even more islamic culture to set in . 
   this same trend of thought is what forced indians during british rule to stop killing the wives of deceased men during their funerals . 
  committing crimes that violate the rights of others , and the laws meant to stop that , are nowhere near comparable to laws that enforce a dress code . 
   they too claimed they did it for religious reasons . 
  they also violated someone else 's rights in the process . 
  if a woman chooses to wear a burka she is n't violating anyone else 's rights . 
  no they wont , so long as you have pride and stand up for yourself . 
  although from what i understand that 's not really viable over there anyway . 
   anyone walking in the street must make himself identifiable . 
  which means , showing your face . 
  wow , do you ask for their papers too ? 
   would you feel safe if you saw someone go around your street like this ? 
  my feelings do n't matter , as that 's not a crime , and people do where those in the winter time here . 
  the problem with this is you put intangible feelings over a persons liberty out of irrational fear of a `` thought crime '' . 
   the police would very likely stop him and ask him who the hell is he and what is he doing going around like that . 
  ok , what does that have to do with burka bans .
