  why not have police just stop the women and identify them if you think that for some reason they are up to no good . 
   then why should this be any different ? 
  this assumes i share the same fears as you do , regardless we both know that a woman in a loose gown and a burka is laughably harmless 99 % of the time . 
   there could be anyone under that . 
  oh my god anyone , like a mother of 3 or a sewing hobbyist . 
   even a man with an uzi ready to go rob a bank . 
  wow , and euros and other firstworlders call americans paranoid for carrying guns . 
  while you think that your low crime country will have uzi wielding bank robbers everywhere if you do n't restrict burkas . 
   no hidden faces , no exceptions i will now have an argument anytime a frenchman or other european says americans live in fear because of our guns/alcohol laws or whatever . 
  you have no right to call us paranoid , when you are afraid of muslim baby making factories . 
   america is the land of the `` free '' , not europe . 
  europe is more focused on order and limitations on absolute freedom , rather than freedom for freedom sake . 
  yet they consider themselves part of the free world ? 
  its also not freedom for freedoms sake , its freedom so everyone can have a chance to be happy without unnecessary interference . 
  that freedom is still not allowed to encroach on the freedom of others though . 
   regardless of pro and con arguments for this , and what any personal opinion might anyone have , you 're looking at an european issue through the eyes of an american . 
  speaking of that , i 'll never understand europeans obsession with control of others , even when those people are n't doing anything to directly effect you . 
   of course we can , and should . 
  you have no right to impose your will on others when their actions have little to no effect on you . 
  how can you call yourselves free ? 
  second why should you ban people from covering their faces if they want to ? 
  what gives you that right ? 
  as the person pushing for restriction you have to prove why a restriction is good for you and the person who 's liberty you are infringing on . 
  otherwise you are just a scared petty tyrant . 
  why do you guys support a law that restricts people unnecessarily ? 
  even if you do n't agree with their lifestyle , that does n't mean you can impose your lifestyle on them . 
  they are at 2.2 , while the us is at 4.6 . 
  it is n't that different , while at the same time you are comparing one of our worst cities with one of their best . 
  i made a joke about this in / r/mapporn , but people on reddit ca n't detect a joke what-so-ever , and i got downvoted . 
  wow , it looks like some people who support a party can be racist . 
  next you will tell me democrats are anti-white because some of them are in the nbp movement . 
  how ? 
  because they do n't want to subsidize people with federal taxpayers money ? 
  they would cut off white people too , does this also make them anti-white ? 
  that 's just how the left characterizes them . 
  yeah , those are n't in wide spread production , and certainly have not been shipped to africa or the middle east . 
  ak94s are n't a thing , also america makes crappy aks . 
  generally governments do n't like to sell guns recovered in crimes back to anyway unless its another government . 
  yes , but it is also much more restricted on where you can go while open carrying . 
  ccw permits often allow you to carry where ocers otherwise would n't be . 
  open carry and ccw are two different things . 
  usually one requires a permit while the other does n't . 
  this makes it so people treat them differently . 
  it does n't matter what it looks like its usually on the left , and has forward or backward motions . 
  what / u/ed _ said . 
  they all do , one is the the throttle . 
  i ca n't believe the eurofight has a center stick . 
  we gave weapons to our then allies to fight our enemy at the time . 
  its not our fault a faction of them radicalized . 
  i am not asking you to kiss our ass , but do n't trash us for going into a country to stop bad people from doing bad things to us and their own countrymen . 
   i 'm against all military intervention in the middle east . 
  it is selfishness and wishful thinking of me , no doubt . 
  but the whole deal in the middle east could have played out differently if the cia did n't meddle with their policies ( for example pushing a military coup in iran to get rid of the democratically elected mossadegh ) in the first place . 
  that has nothing to do with afghanistan , and you sound like you are more of a spiteful and vengeful prick than you are a reasonable intelligent person . 
   and the terrorist in afghanistan got their weapons and were empowered by , you guessed it , the cia . 
  yes , as were the northern alliance and other militias in the area . 
  also pakistan isi had more to do with pashtun power than the us did . 
   but fighting for something which this sinister organisation wanted is disgusting . 
  you have no idea what anyone wanted because you are too blinded by vengeance and stupidity . 
  we went to afghanistan to capture bin laden , remove the taliban from power , and fight islamic / sharia extremism . 
  if that bothers you , then you are just an idiot . 
  i can understand being against iraq , but what reasoning could you have for being against afghanistan other than selfishness . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  its mostly about what the guy said was needed . 
  at least thats what i got from it . 
  you always hear about people prepping , but few things are thought of like firewood , batteries , and medical supplies . 
  what happened is about as shtf as it gets , and it even took a while for nato to step in . 
  http://imgur.com/uzmkdkh i ca n't remember if this was about bosnia or another balkan state , but this is one persons experience through a government collapse in the balkans . 
  edit : who downvoted this ? 
  they should fix their army first . 
  i think he means nuclear powered , also you are n't going to be using all of them at once and you need to account for attrition . 
   spends a whole thread lecturing people in a condescending way why their countries suck and theirs is awesome . 
  except i have n't done that at all , this is why i said you are oversensitive . 
  now i really think there is something wrong with you . 
  also condescension can also only be detected through tone . 
  since words have no tone , the only way that tone could be there is if it was in your head . 
   you are so about freedom that you put the most people in jail ( per capita ) in the world !, 
  stop deflecting onto the us 's faults . 
  i know my country is n't perfect , but unlike you and the others in this thread i can admit my countries faults . 
   you also have the freedom to go bankrupt for getting in an accident , or to eat yourself that you ca n't even walk anymore ( such freedom , having to rely on other people to even get around ) . 
  just because our government does n't protect us from ourselves does n't mean that we are less free because of that . 
  what you want is security , and protection from negative circumstances that are within your own control . 
   so much freedom , that being born poor means you likely can never get to a decent school and will always be behind on richer peers . 
  again this is security you are mistaking for freedom , also it depends on the state . 
  my state has great public schools . 
   or even so much freedom , that moving away means you 'll still be forced to pay taxes !, 
  if you want to be a citizen and want to have the benefits as such , you have to pay your taxes . 
   yes , i know this is your insane definition of freedom , but i 'll pass . 
  no , that 's not my definition , and i think your butthurt and your nationalism is getting in the way of seeing what i said . 
   i 'll stick with my petty and childish arguments while living in envy of you stuffing your face with burgers . 
  grow up you oversensitive pussy . 
  sorry , i am used to seeing people do the `` our country is older you should copy us '' routine , and it `` triggers '' me . 
  we would have to live with the consequences of that decision too . 
  i fit were up to me though , we would have less involvement in that situation . 
  you do n't need unity , and i honestly do n't like the eu . 
  small governments are best when cultures are so different . 
  yeah , that whole `` we are older we have wisdom '' bullshit does n't work with me . 
  you do n't have the collective knowledge and wisdom of your country instilled into your countries people . 
  anyone can read a history book . 
  i agree that indirect attacks are a risk , and there should be limits against them too .
