the usual school shooting is n't one where a large number of people get shot , those are actually still very rare . 
  incidents like this are the norm for school shootings actually . 
  yes , but you still ca n't just go into the store and buy those . 
  automatics are mostly illegal in the us too . 
  you at least just ca n't walk into a gun store and buy them . 
  they buy jets from russia . 
  again people say stuff like that all the time , and next thing you know the international community is watching a genocide or some dictator bully on a weaker power . 
  a neighbor who wants resources , a dictator looking out for his own ethnicity . 
  i mean who in the xxi century would try and annex a part of another country ? 
  my point is , countries like that may need a military at some point , and they will be so inadequately unprepared that a nice nation with a big military will need to bail them out . 
  they would lose , or have to rely on another country for defense . 
  that means their defense is not taken care of . 
   accountability is mutual in a society of equals . 
  what do you need them accountable for ? 
  if you ca n't trust them , do n't interact with them . 
   we are minding our own business , because they way you interact with people is the business of those people . 
  no , you either accept them for who and what they are or you ignore them . 
   choosing to block all potential interaction is not allowed for the same reason threatening people with violence is n't allowed : it makes the relations we need for society to function in a healthy way impossible . 
  that 's another problem for another day , but to make a short point . 
  your society and government are so stringent , that you now need your government to enforce cultural policy as you ca n't simple ignore them . 
  you guys live in a real slippery slope of totalitarianism . 
  your policy of not letting people controlling their property and own interactions in one case , forces you to enforce that on people in all cases . 
   people systematically covering their face never was an issue , so we never had to deal with it . 
  now it was , and we dealt with it . 
  its still not an issue , unless that decision is being forced on them . 
  forcing that decision the other way makes you guilty of the same offence . 
   why you have to frame that in a narrative of fear instead is up to you . 
  blame that on the spanish guy i got into it with , as he said it was about their culture being imposed on europeans . 
   really ? 
  you 're going to continue you intolerance towards other people 's culture ? 
  the way you view this law as fascist , the same way i view your opinion as fascist as it disregards european legal culture . 
  if its a culture of fascism then yes , i have no tolerance for tyrants . 
   it 's amazing how much you can not comprehend cultural differences but insist on respecting other people 's culture , as long as it 's your own ( not even your own culture , but your own opinion ) . 
  i comprehend the difference , i just think its a moot point when that difference is the right to impose unnecessarily on another person . 
  you want me to just accept that difference . 
  the problem is i do n't accept tyrants in my life even if it is the cultural norm . 
   the same way government does not allow you to be naked in public , it does not allow you to be fully clothes as well . 
  how is one perfectly normal and the other fascist ? 
  i already told you , full nudity is seen as unsanitary , and that * does affect other people * . 
  in the us at least when your actions begin to affect others more directly , they are no longer sanctioned . 
   the logic behind this law is that the niqab represents an violation of the individuals rights and a threat / danger to the person wearing it . 
  so it is about protecting an individual from themselves , and not because it affects others in society . 
  it sounds like an unjust violation of the rights of the wearer . 
  unless someone else is forcing that person to wear or not wear the niqab , than there is no violation , and the protection is just a rationalized imposition of another 's will . 
   the reason why it 's an issue for someone to wear it may be diverse , such as religious oppression , forced to wear it against their will , women 's right violation , etc. 
  then stop the people who are forcing them to wear it , do n't counter that in a lazy and fascist way , by doing the opposite . 
   personally , i think that it blocks sunlight , which is of a great amount of importance for mental and physical health . 
  that 's their consequence to deal with so long as it is their decision to wear the niqab . 
  except you let them enter in the first place , and then changed your mind later when you got scared . 
  you got scared because you realized they will eventually out populate you , and since the eu wont let you deport them , you decide your only choice is to impose your lifestyle on them . 
   burka wearers inhibit someone else 's right to keep them accountable . 
  keep them accountable like your slave ? 
  what gives you that right ? 
  fuck you motherfuckers need to mind your own business . 
  the power difference bit is also all in your head . 
  the women who partake in that lifestyle have no power and that is their choice . 
   i 've done courses on comparative international law , including comparative constitutional law . 
  my personal opinion is quite the opposite . 
  i find that the anglosphere has a great deal of unfair laws ( some of which are frankly quite draconic ) and citizens have a very limited amount of rights . 
  explain how , as we do have unjust laws as anywhere does , we have legal documentation which can overturn those laws through the courts . 
  instead of having to change majority opinion . 
   i do n't know what your qualifications are , but a large degree of people agree with me on this subject.these people tend to study european law.there is a disagreement almost all the time when i talk with people that have studied in common law and come from common law countries . 
  the same disagreement in interpretation almost always comes up , and this is where i 'm coming from . 
  it does n't matter how much you understand european law , as what i am saying is that law is fascist . 
  there is no rationalizing that away . 
   to an extent , i can agree with both views and sympathize with the two approaches.that was my point really , both can be right at the same time . 
  imposing your will on another that is doing nothing physically or tangibly emotional to you is never right . 
   however , , the way you 're arguing this makes it absolutely clear that you are completely oblivious to european civil law and to an extent to europe in general . 
  you 're absolutely unwilling to even comprehend that someone might think differently , and that they are not wrong . 
  there is a right way to do things , and that right way is to respect the rights of others , no matter how uncomfortable and inconvenient . 
  europeans have shown they lack the discipline to do that . 
  99 % of the time it is , and that is an overwhelming majority . 
  you fear they will commit a crime , therefore you restrict them in a fashion that treats them as if they 're innocent until proven guilty . 
  its deplorable . 
   see , the funny thing is that to a large extent there will be a disagreement on different interpretations between all countries/cultures , and they will see things differently . 
  however , the anglo-saxon / common law approach towards this has been the most intolerant of all . 
  it 's almost as you take offence if someone has a different view than you and you have to have your own way , or else it 's wrong . 
  there is no option of both be right , or let 's agree to disagree . 
  what are you talking about , there is no `` right '' way to impose non-universal morality . 
  no person should have a tolerance for tyranny/fascism . 
  i am not intolerant , the people who support and enforce this law are . 
   the us has a large amount of laws on clothing in public that limit individual freedom too , if you 're going to make arguments like this at least do n't be hypocritical about it . 
  why ca n't i be naked in public ? 
  it 's actually quite similar to this . 
  the same way i ca n't be fully covered in public as i ca n't be fully naked . 
  its unsanitary , and that can and most likely will have and effect on people * physically * . 
   here again . 
  i get annoyed with your argument . 
  you come from a country that has the death penalty . 
  you are like the dane , i am not a nationalist , and i know my country has its faults . 
  that does n't discredit my points like any other form of ad hominem would n't . 
   your government literally has the power of life and death over people , subject to criminal limitations of course , but you argue about a clothing regulation . 
  you want to talk about ignorance towards ones politics ? 
  the us is 50 states all with their own correctional systems . 
  most states have n't executed a person in years . 
   if you wish to argue about what power government has and what power it does not have , factually government has absolute and full power over every individual in accordance with the social contract . 
  any limitations that are put on governments are put because it agreed to have them , and that 's what a constitution is . 
  french society can freely decide for themselves what power they give their government and what power they do n't . 
  most european countries allow far too much control over individuals , and borderline have zero protections of inalienable rights . 
   this law was passed through parliament and it was upheld by the french constitutional court and the echr .
