  because it looks to me like what you 're failing to realise is that both the us and europe have liberties . 
  no you have privileges granted by the state , and your governments have little restriction on what they can do to their citizens . 
   what you have not demonstrated is how they are mutually exclusive , such that the us has `` more '' liberty than europe , and instead of liberties , how europe has entitlements . 
  except i did already by explaining how many of the things that make your country stand out require payment to use . 
  they also are provided by a third party , which means they are not a freedom but a service/entitlement . 
  the us on the other hand has a strong constitution that lays out restrictions against the government in order to protect peoples liberties . 
   i think you 're both reading too much into my post , and you 're projecting . 
  i am not projecting at all , you are taking this discussion in a completely different direction based off of misconceptions . 
  you seem to think i do n't support a nhs type healthcare system , and are rather offended that i would call it what it is an entitlement . 
  which shows that you would rather believe comfortable lies , instead of accepting and defending the truth . 
   what 's your stance on payday loans ? 
  unionization ? 
  i have no problem with unions so long as people have a choice to work without being in one . 
  payday loans though abhorrent should not be made illegal , but could certainly be regulated . 
  i think what you are getting at is should people be able to charge ridiculous interest rates if a person is willing to take the loan . 
  i feel education is the best way to deal with things like this . 
   the only point i wanted to get across is `` entitlements '' improve autonomy . 
  they give you the ability to do things within the bounds of the law . 
  they have restrictions tied to them and everything . 
  its dishonest to say that they give you more autonomy , it just gives you a path more preferable to the other . 
   imo the right to autonomy supersedes the right to property , rights never supersede each other they only cancel each other out . 
  this is the point i made in another comment . 
  the european way of think is one that just causes conflict since it is always revolving around what trumps what instead of you this does n't trump his this . 
   the state is allowed to enforce unfair contracts , but not fair business practices . 
  fair is subjective . 
  either way a contract is a contract , and they should n't just be tossed to the side because a judge somewhere thinks its unfair . 
  on that same token , a mans business is a mans business , and you are not entitled to his labor or wages . 
  for the record i do not consider corporations as individuals , they are organizations , and i have no problem restricting organizations . 
   you do not have any kind of right to define for others what does and does not constitute `` liberty '' , and the meaning of the word has been under debate for a long time . 
  no it has n't , the definition is in books , and has been the same for hundred of years . 
  only recently has the newspeak set in . 
   so , going with your example of the nhs , there is nothing in the above which suggests that liberty is inconsistent with all citizens paying taxes , so that they all receive free health care when they need it . 
  the fact that people pay for it is a restriction . 
  if you do n't pay you do n't get . 
  it is not a liberty it is an entitlement . 
   unless , of course , the very idea of paying a tax is what you think of as a restriction of freedom . 
  it is  but if that were the case , then you 'd also have to believe that liberty is inconsistent with having any form of a state , and the us and europe would lack liberty in equal measure . 
  yes we relinquish some liberties so that we may have entitlements . 
  i am aware of this , yet you seem to have conflict with this thought . 
   alternatively , you might believe that having other people vote on how to spend your taxes is an somehow an infringement of your liberty . 
  it is , just because you agree with it , does n't change that it is ultimately and infringement on property rights . 
   lastly , you might be one of those who simply believes that living in a modern democratic state does n't infringe your liberties . . but that having governments spend your taxes on things you do n't like is somehow an infringement of your liberty . 
  taxing me to simply give my money to another person is a violation of property rights . 
  just because you like it does n't change what it is . 
  taxes should always go towards things that benefit the tax payers in the most direct way possible . 
  taxing me to fix roads or for paying for services that i will actually use is appropriate . 
   in short , in order to believe that something like the nhs is an infringement on liberties , you 'd have to be one of those nutcases who thinks that you 're not free unless you 're living in the backwoods , refusing to pay taxes , and refusing to exist as a part of any sort of wider human community with collective decision making . 
  it is an infringement , but it ultimately is the cheapest way to suffer this infringement . 
  regardless i still need to pay for it to get it . 
  that makes it an entitlement , i am sorry if that word offends you , but its the truth . 
  does n't mean it is a bad thing to have it , but calling it something different to fit your sensibilities is not intelligent or honest . 
   or , you just have n't thought about it very much , and you 're simply regurgitating someone else 's opinion . 
  i have thought about it , maybe you are being emotion and lashing out at a perceived threat to your way of thinking without thinking much about what i said or even really reading it . 
   first i will just remind you that the philosophy that created the usa was sourced from europe ( especially france ) , and that philosophy is still the basis of all advanced european countries . 
  john locke was from the uk , and individual liberty is n't something i think of when i think of europe . 
   so to say the the eu does not have liberty and instead has entitlement is completely and utterly insane . 
  a majority of what european countries are known for is their entitlement programs , not their protection of individual liberties . 
   this means freedom from control imposed by the state , freedom from any social contract , freedom from law and enforcement , and in its purest form , freedom to kill , freedom to steal , and the moral right to act selfishly in your own interests regardless of the cost to others . 
  and this is where all the euros come into strawman based off of all the propaganda they read . 
  i believe in human rights , its as simple as that . 
  i still believe in government , i still believe in rule of law . 
  i just think those laws should be kept at the utmost minimum as to offend as few rights as possible . 
  also rights end where another 's begin and all that . 
  euros have seem to have forgotten about the importance of that last part . 
  so much so that every argument circles around who 's rights are get to be infringed on instead of `` how do we make so both people are happy within our morals '' . 
   in that sense , pure natural liberty is not liberty since you are now completely controlled by nature instead of partially controlled by the state . 
  its a good thing no one is talking about this then right ? 
   so for me , greater individual liberties are far less important than greater individual personal autonomy . 
  they are one in the same you ca n't have one without the other . 
  also euros are not more autonomous . 
  its very bad for business to go against the grain in europe . 
   if i wanted to move to a developed country seeking greater personal autonomy , i would move to a country like germany , the netherlands , sweden etc. 
  the usa would be very near the bottom of the list . 
  this has no place here in this argument , and this whole comment of yours is ridden with logical fallacies . 
  you have essentially strawmanned and ad hominemed without actually touching on the argument of whether you are free or not . 
  it just reconfirms by biases that europeans are very childish and petty , and ca n't be trusted to make logical arguments . 
  exactly , if you guys could just understand that the most minimally restrictive government is also the most peaceful one then you would be fine . 
  you always have to enforce some final solution or the will of the proletariat . 
   you 're preaching to the choir on that first point , i 'm an anarchist . 
  no one is truly free under a state and that 's something worth striving for . 
  i am a minarchist not an anarchist . 
  i still think there should be a government to protect peoples rights . 
  i would also accept some entitlements like nhs and social security pensions . 
   however , not all states are created equal . 
  if freedoms are going to be restricted , they might as well be ones that make sense to restrict . 
  restrict the freedom of those in power , and improve the autonomy of those who are oppressed . 
  redistribute wealth . 
  it 's an annoyance to the rich , but liberating for the poor . 
  i have no problem with taxing the rich , but it should not just be given to the poor . 
  that violate property rights , and is just plain immoral . 
  if anything just enforce wage equality , but never `` redistribute '' the wealth . 
   in this sense social-democracies of europe , with their `` entitlements '' ( that is , positive-rights ) , have more autonomous individuals . 
  there are no such thing as positive rights . 
  you either have the right , devoid of government existence , or you pay someone to provide a service to you , which makes them entitlements . 
  also europeans are not more autonomous , they have major restrictions on what they can do with their property , and that 's ignoring the enormous social stigma of not towing the line with everyone else . 
  stop with the newspeak , it is n't going to work on me . 
   quick example of `` free '' capitalist oppressing a worker : freedom to fire an employee who needs to stop working . 
  i 'm not even talking paid vacation , just the right to not work for a while . 
  that 's their right if you believe in property rights . 
  they do n't have to hire anyone they do n't want to .
