  where the line gets drawn there is a bit more vague . 
   and now we are finally getting down to it . 
  you think that the us has more `` liberty '' because you pay less taxes . 
  its one of the many things , but the most important is we have more liberty because our constitution protects it . 
   presumably , then , you think that states which require residents to pay less tax have more liberty than those that do not ? 
  or that individuals that pay a higher proportion of their income toward taxes have less liberty than those that do not ? 
  yeah , that 's a give in . 
   i made no claims as to which country was better than the other . 
  i 'm merely putting your claim that `` europe has entitlements , not liberties '' under the microscope and its making you squirm a little . 
  that 's why you 're feeling uncomfortable . 
  i am not uncomfortable , i am agitated that you are strawmanning certain arguments onto me though . 
  its kind of hard to argue the points when you keep putting the focus on to a caricature that does n't even represent me . 
   let me reiterate , yet again , that you have failed to illustrate why the two are mutually exclusive , or how this applies to the nhs . 
  you have failed to show how the nations of europe lack liberty , and you have failed to show how this is supposedly linked to a level of entitlement . 
  you ca n't protect yourselves , you have speech restrictions , you do n't respect private property , and you do n't protect your people from crimes committed by immigrants . 
   you hinted above that you think this is because we pay more tax in europe . 
  are you of the opinion that the amount of liberty one has equates directly to how little tax one pays ? 
  because its looking a lot like that right now . 
  i did n't hint at anything , i merely said that taxes are a form of infringement on property rights . 
  we just put up with them so that we can get nice things . 
  if that tax money gets put into subsidies however , then it is all infringement . 
   no you did not . 
  i am currently resident in the us , and i pay tax here . 
  but i am not entitled to many of the `` liberties '' that us citizens enjoy , such as the right to vote . 
  pointing out that non-citizens do not enjoy the same liberties or entitlements as citizens is not supporting your argument . 
  voting is an entitlement , if it was a right i could vote in any country i wanted . 
  also pointing that out does support my argument actually . 
  if you have to be a tax payer to enjoy something it is n't a right , its an entitlement . 
   this is completely irrelevant and does not in any way help illustrate why you think that europe has `` entitlements not liberties '' . 
  no its very relevant actually , because that 's what makes them entitlements and also not liberties or rights . 
   you are clearly in some distress by having your ideas questioned , and you are reflecting that back against your questioners . 
  that is projection . 
  whether you consider the nhs to be an entitlement or not is actually irrelevant , because you have still not shown to us why you think europe has `` entitlements , not liberties '' . 
  you keep using veiled ad hominem attacks , and that is aggravating me . 
  you also think you have the authority to determine whats relevant . 
  that 's why i am flustered , not because my ideas are being challenged , but because you are using dirty underhanded tactics instead of using proper logic . 
   truth requires examination , and that 's what i 'm doing . 
  the fact that you are so very uncomfortable with this is telling . 
  again , i am not uncomfortable , and you are distracting away from my points with logical fallacies . 
  you are n't touching on anything . 
  it is pretty clear really , does a person 's or org . 
  's actions interfere with another person rights directly ? 
  if no , then it should n't be illegal . 
   mainly because of the usa 's religiosity , that 's only in the south , and is not a federal thing . 
  despite that we have the bor to slash down any inappropriate laws based on that religiosity . 
   authoritarianism we are less authoritarian than europe as we respect individual rights , where as you are collectivists . 
   income inequality , this is a legitimate problem , but this has little to do with liberty , and more to do with social welfare . 
   lack of sensible economic regulations amongst other things . 
  we have plenty of economic regulations . 
  the thing with those regulations is that money is a way to avoid their consequence . 
   i disagree . 
  i think europe ( at least western and northern europe ) is very well known for it 's protections of individual freedoms . 
  i am not aware of any bill of rights in any european country . 
  the uk does n't follow their bill of rights , and what rights you guys do have are too guided by emotional public opinion . 
   regardless , the usa is not exactly known for it 's `` minimal '' laws . 
  do you think you can explicitly state which freedoms americans have that the average eu citizen does not ? 
  speech , effective self-preservation , property rights , and privacy rights . 
  the us could always be better , and i would certainly prefer we have less laws , but just because we have problems does not absolve others of theirs . 
   what ? 
  you were assuming i was talking about something i was n't . 
   so you freely admit to being biased ? 
  pretty funny considering i 'm not even european , i 'm from new zealand . 
  i only lurk in / r/europe out of personal interest . 
  your flag did n't initially show up when i responded to you . 
  in my experience though anzacs , canadians , and euros all have the same type of childish logic . 
  you think that just because you want something that you are entitled to it no matter who gets hurt . 
  then you use twisted logic about the greater societal good . 
  if you truly believe in individual rights then they would never be trumped by the will of democracy . 
  you are all easy to confuse with each other really , just by the things you say and the way you act . 
   anyway , maybe you should stop looking to confirm your biases ? 
  it 's irrational . 
  i am not looking to confirm anything , it just happens anyway . 
  i just feel most people on reddit are afraid to go against the status quo , and for too long on this website have european ideas gone unchallenged . 
   stop trying to talk about europe as one single entity i will do it when they stop doing it . 
  even still there are many ideas that are commonly shared across the continent , and they have a pride that goes with it . 
  i have talked to many europeans australian , canadians , and new zealanders on here and on / int / , and the attitude as almost always universally accepting of collectivism . 
  that could just be the demographic , but regardless i am talking to that demographic . 
   again unions can take care of this if you 'd rather the state did n't , but i 'd say outlawing things like child labor or hazardous work conditions has been for the best . 
  if you supported property rights you would be able to defend these things all the same . 
   then you 're of the opinion that paying taxes is an infringement of liberty . 
  in which case , europe and the us lack liberty in equal measure , and you admit your original statement was incorrect . 
  i never said the us was perfect when it came to liberty . 
  also europe has far more taxes than the us , so no we are not equal in that regard . 
   that 's a poor description of what the nhs is . 
  the service is provided to everyone . 
  just like roads , bridges , and other public utilities . 
  there is absolutely no difference between paying taxes to maintain a road you may never use , and paying tax to maintain a health care system you may never use . 
  the difference only exists within your head , and the fact you 've not been able to consistently explain why paying tax to maintain a road and paying a tax to maintain the nhs are different is telling . 
  there is no difference . 
  so i can go to the uk and get medical care then ? 
  the fact that you need to pay to be able to use it means its an entitlement . 
   then you believe that taxation and democracy in combination is an infringement of liberties . 
  in that case , there are infringed equally within the us and the democratic nations of europe . 
  the us does not receive any form of special exemption . 
  one , this is n't about which country is better , and you are letting your nationalism get in the way of that , two we are still not equal in those regards , euros pay more taxes then we do . 
   your original statement was that `` europe has entitlements , not liberties '' . 
  no it was n't , my original comment was that `` you guys do n't have liberty , you have entitlement . 
  most of the things that make your country great are provided by the government . 
  that is n't freedom . '', 
   are you now trying to back away from that claim ?
