  yeah , because all 's fair in love and war , right ? 
  those young girls and boys were just * asking * to be slaughtered !, 
  this is like the epitome of irony, 
  it would be awesome if there was a nifty data image displaying the strength of $ circulation in non - $ eea countries ( and compared to the native currency ) . 
  i 'm not racist , but i love cake . 
  both countries really , * really * need to turn down the human rights abuses . 
  i wish < 3, 
  i 'm confused about donetsk and the eastern part of the country . 
  is putin trying to prop it up as a puppet state like abkhazia and ossetia , or annex it like crimea ? 
  as a nh resident , oh trust me , i know what you mean . 
  we should have a schengen plan with canada and possibly the bahamas . 
  that 'd be awesome . 
   where corruption , lobbying , media manipulation , disenfranchisement , nepotism , gerrymandering , political donations , and voter apathy work far more towards disrupting the democratic process than social cohesion . 
  this is very true . 
   you say democracy ca n't work without political homogeneity . 
  what do you want it to be , a circlejerk ? 
  debate is extremely healthy . 
  i mean * pure * democracy . 
  and pure democracy is n't completely good -- i fully believe that representative republics are the best way to run a government and society . 
  the question op is asking involves * democracies * , not well-working flawless political systems . 
   social cohesion that 's the biggest one . 
  because of natural human nature , democracy ca n't work well without political , ethnic , or cultural homogeneity . 
  ( and that 's a shame ) but most importantly , the ability for the political/ethnic/cultural majority to compromise well with minorities and giving them breathing room . 
  otherwise you just have mob mentality like in 1930s germany . 
  this reads like it was ripped off of stormfront . 
  how the hell did this get upvotes ? 
  jc / r/europe ... 
  get in mah belleh, 
  it 's a 50-50 chance . 
  either they invade , or they do n't . 
  why are you downvoted ? 
  you 're absolutely correct . 
  this is completely fringe ; it has much of a chance at independence as michigan . 
   ugly wind farms am i the only one who thinks windmill forests are beautiful ? 
  besides , they 're better looking than ugly pipelines , reserve centers , and treatment plants . 
  you could n't even actually see the votes within the boxes unless you telekinetically unfold them with your mind . 
  exactly . 
  every other g7 member are all military and political allies of the united states . 
  yeah , we already have a developed mainly-white large north american english-speaking formerly-british-owned country that borders two coasts . 
  and what war was that ? 
  holy cow , you can * see * wwii in that . 
  the existing eu members in nato should drop out and form their own eu defense pact . 
  meanwhile the us-canada can start their own alliance with japan , australia , iceland , norway , new zealand , turkey , and albania . 
  ukraine is too unstable right now . 
  i think a better option would be inviting either china or brazil . 
  that 's a great idea , actually . 
  second largest economy in the world should need some representation . 
  or brazil , for latin america , the tropics , and the southern hemisphere, 
  there should be a counter-protest , 
  i 'd rather live in a 2014 us than a 1984 one . 
  exactly , hence my sarcasm, 
  i think you mean americans in the * civil * war . 
  oh i get it , this all makes sense now . 
  the precious white christians in ukraine are more important than those stinky brown pagans in iraq !!, 
  if you mean cyprus , then they 're just more than next to the hot zone , they 're * actively participating in it * . 
  remember how everyone in europe just * loved * iraq !, 
  millions attended pro-war rallies across thousands of cities in europe , they were crazy for war !, 
  wrong . 
  black bear . 
   what about something like the u.s. 's npr ? 
  that would be awesome if it did n't have such a partisan slant . 
  she was an incredibly talented singer , but suffered such an unfortunate life . 
  though it made her music that much more moving . 
  my favorite version is [ lady day 's ] ( http://youtu.be/zbiqlquenz0 ) . 
  simply ... haunting . 
  funny enough that we see the germans as always eager for war , even though they backed out of iraq as well ( and syria ), 
  yeah , because the united states * literally * killed 11 million innocent people in pakistan on the basis of their race , ability , sexuality , or appearance . 
  `` stop ... wait ... do n't ... '', 
  to be fair , much of germany was in poland , and much of poland was in belarussia . 
  communists hate him !, 
  one local dictator 's simple trick to conquer all of europe !, 
  good ol' berkshire oblast and essex krai . 
   see , i know it sounds insensitive but this would be impossible for a queer woman to do in 95 % of the world . 
  absolutely impossible . 
  exactly . 
  and i am soooo thankful for the blessings i have . 
   okay tax them and give the aid to ukraine . 
  this i agree with . 
   they are more like mexicans or italiens i.e. 
  they will generally not approve of homosexuality but hey would also not let you know they disapprove . 
  not exactly . 
  i do n't know about italians , but mexicans are quite gay-friendly . 
  nearly all mexican youths are completely accepting of homosexuality , in fact it 's seen as really `` trendy '' ( not saying homosexuality is a trend ) . 
  i would believe you about ukrainians , but seeing as they tried to pass an anti-gay law similar to russia 's ( and it they only turned it down at the last second because they wanted to cozy up to europe more ) , i find that hard to believe . 
   you mean most american 's ca n't afford to replace their ipad mini 's with ipad mini 's wi/retina display ? 
  oh terrible ... you guys often overestimate americans . 
  no , just because we have a high gdp/capita , does n't mean the average american is as wealthy as the average european . 
  we have a * much * higher percentage of millionaires and billionaires , and for good reason . 
  our tax laws , real-estate market , etc. 
  make our country much more comfortable for the wealthy than europe 's , so what does that mean ? 
  m/billionaires * flock * towards our country , leaving a * massive * wealth imbalance . 
  i mean , just [ look at the gini coefficient ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cf/gini_index_svg.svg/2000px-gini_index_svg.svg.png ) most of the wealthiest people in the world live in the united states , like bill gates , warren buffet , and zuckerburg . 
  and even though only a small handful in comparison to the general population , their * massive * amount of concentrated wealth really tips the scale . 
  so because we have such a high number on the gini scale , our gdp does n't necessarily represent our wealth , unlike the population of sweden or slovenia . 
  and remember that the united states is n't solely nyc and la , nor are we a homogeneous suburban behemoth . 
  states like iowa are roughly on the same level of countries like poland . 
  remember , your average american makes less than 20.000 euros a year , lives in a home less than 100 square meters , and owns a 15-year-old car . 
  not a crazy amount of money , not to mention how weak our dollar is . 
  so it 's funny that someone living in a country with an hdi as high as france 's is telling me to shut up and be quiet . 
  last time i checked , i work to pay for food , shelter , and my and my younger brother 's education , not strangers 7,000 miles away who would n't think twice about beating and/or raping me for being a queer woman .
