  yeah that did n't happen by accident . 
  farmers also generally do n't save seeds since hybrids produce better crops but do n't breed true . 
  i thought someone from the uk would know the importance of not jumping ahead of a queue . 
  puerto rico has dibs on 51 ^ st , you now have to look down about being the 52 ^ nd state . 
  i thought the uk was called a bunch of posh poofs in australian ? 
  yeah that 's how federal structures work , money gets moved rich areas to poor areas by the federal government . 
  for example in the us , new jersey get .5 $ for every dollar they give to the federal government , alaska gets 5 $ . 
  i 'd bet that sweden works that way too with some cities being net contributors and some being net receivers . 
  without these kinds of outlays the euro as a currency will not work . 
  yeah that 's the reason why most satellites use computer hardware from 80s maybe 90s . 
  what 's a literal translation of the uk 's name ? 
  german kinda sounds like english a bit if it was completely obsessed with u and o. 
  are you sure that was n't two australians talking ? 
  no that does n't make the language simpler , it merely makes several competing standards , formal , informal , and many people using something between the two . 
  there is enough formal structure ie schools , that demand that the past tense of ring is always rang and not ringed . 
  people will still use ringed but it will always be considered wrong and adds to the list of slang that you have to vet you formal work for . 
  simplifying english so that its more consistent . 
  webster tried that and now we have american english and british english, 
  setting an official language in the us is redundant since every will learn english on their own . 
  that might change with the addition of puerto rico but then new orleans and vermont used to speak almost exclusively french . 
  english does n't get more efficient over time , it just grows more complicated . 
  would scotland be allowed to keep the exceptions that the uk has though ? 
  would n't they have to move to right hand drive and adopt the euro ? 
  because the uk has a number of exceptions and so scotland would have to change a few things to get in . 
  how do they plan on selling books if the stories are n't good ? 
  bad , as a currency deflates debts become harder to pay back . 
  / u/dickrhino is on a plane right now with a sledgehammer, 
  just a question is the wealth equally distributed between england , wales , scotland and northern ireland ? 
  do certain area 's get more in tax money then they give ? 
  these kind of outlays are also necessary on a euro scale . 
  do n't the eu governments have a deal where they bill each other when other countries citizens use their hospitals ? 
  retirees come to your country with 0 intention of integrating because their intention is to die somewhere warm . 
  nothing will be able to change that they are too old to change themselves . 
  retirees do n't plan on working again retirees do n't plan to have their descendants live in the new country retirees only plan to live in their new country for the rest of lives because they are at their twilight when talking about immigrants you can usually ignore this segment because they will not have much impact other then straining healthcare systems with more elderly . 
  they wo n't compete in the job market with natives . 
  they have fixed incomes so they wo n't be spending excessively . 
  they probably wo n't be taking up citizenship of the new country unless they need to it to stay . 
  this makes retirees much more like tourists then immigrants . 
  are those english actually immigrants or retirees ? 
  are they renting their only home or their 2nd-3rd ? 
  do they work industrial or agricultural jobs ? 
  do they work in the high end of engineering or corporate ? 
  or do they live on pensions or investments ? 
  do they only live there part of the year ? 
  or as simple as the statistics of the people who arrive in your country . 
  because after they can afford a place of their own , why on earth would they want to live down the street of the people they moved thousands of miles to be near . 
  the problem is that immigrants want to live in ethnic neighborhoods . 
  if you are a stranger in a strange land you want to be with people like yourself ( see expat bars in around the globe ) . 
  this means that these immigrants will no matter what try and concentrate themselves into smaller areas . 
  that way they can connect with a home away from home . 
  if you would try and force immigrants to live in some mathematically perfect system where they are distributed equally , the lives of each immigrant will be much more miserable . 
  they will have no cultural connection with the people around them and the only support will be from the emotionally unfulfilling state provided ones . 
  rich and middle class only leave their countries 1 ) travel 2 ) political upheaval . 
  ethnic neighborhoods have been a feature of us immigration for centuries and for much of that there was no city planning or even building codes . 
  because it would be colonialism . 
  well there is bit of a difference between how they actually govern and how they wish they could govern . 
  we have pretty terrible healthcare system , politics which is dived into slightly left of center ( in ideals anyway ) and a right that is so far to the right it barely fits on a graph , foreign policy which for the last 10 years has let us turn on the news every friday to find at least one part of the world chanting death to america , outrageous military spending , decreasing social mobility , doing barely anything about global warming , religious fanatics undermining education standards , and i sure as hell do n't pay 12 cents kwhr after the power company fees . 
  so yeah the us does have problems . 
  optimistically if it does hit full meltdown the euro could then be rebuilt better . 
  i 'm going to take a more cynical view and that the leaders will use it as a bargaining tool to get more access to the information . 
  well it is in central asia not europe as many definitions of europe end at the urals . 
  was n't that genocide of the irish ? 
  cause that 's happened more then once . 
  as far as i understand it they do own it 's just as a condition of acceding to the throne they must hand it over . 
  if there is no coronation no swearing to hand it over then why would n't revert back to them ? 
  at the very least they 'd still get the 15 % of the profits . 
  well i hope you have read the evil overlord list . 
  what the hell else are they going to do all winter ? 
  if you get a grain the size of a truck maybe . 
  see i do n't he wondering about that but why was it done multiple times . 
  the article does n't really make it clear on whether it was multiple attempts to become male or changing back and forth between genders . 
  the latter would be rather incompetent system . 
  nazi gold . 
  this might just be an outsiders view but it does n't seem that the eu has much power right now . 
  all actual power resides with the national governments and if they do n't want to comply with an eu directive they simply do n't . 
  as far as i can tell the only thing that really changes with eu membership is that you get access to the euro and schengen area . 
  this in time would change consolidates power from the national governments . 
  at that point the eu parliament will actually matter and the people writing the rules will be in brussels not edinburgh . 
  scotland has 5 million of 63 million people of the uk . 
  they often do n't get a government that reflects there point of view because that 's how representative government work . 
  as the eu moves closer together they are going to simply switch a government that does n't represent them london to one that does n't represent them in brussels, 
  wrong era you 're thinking of the meji era . 
  i was talking about post ww2 where there was no industry had firebombed almost all japanese cities . 
  japan was n't very productive in 1950 , but by paying workers little and making rioting or striking illegal and enforced by the us military they became very competitive . 
  none of it matters all policy decisions are from the major member states and the eu parliment only has somewhat more power then the average monarchs or europe . 
  they cost a fortune and they do n't pay off . 
  and i thought they did n't teach history well in the states . 
  the ussr ? 
  how do you know the car was broken into by a gypsy and not a drug addict ? 
  nope women earn more college degrees in the states then men by a pretty good margin . 
  there will always be poverty and the needy because poverty is relative . 
  freedoms on the other hand can most certainly be gone forever . 
  let 's use all the nazi gold to pay off our clients taxes . 
  i have far too much vodka to drink by myself . 
  it 's important to pick battles that can be won . 
  also ones that do n't involve horrors from the darkest corners of bureaucracy , they have no souls and no hearts . 
  but then the eu agency will just trade with the nsa or the cia instead . 
  it reduced its outsourcing to india and china because overall the code they wrote was terrible . 
  soon there may even be a british car company . 
  if they have your keystrokes why would n't they obtain the log in information for the administrator account and then do what ever they want .
