  i 'd also like to point out the size of the cage ~ 2 m ^ 2 , the cleanliness . 
  i 'm not so sure about the foie gras . 
  geese do n't have gag reflexes and the fatty build up in the liver is the natural place for fat build up in water foul . 
  in mammals such a build up would be a diseased state . 
  the geese are probably annoyed by the forced feeding but i do n't know if its cruel . 
  hold over from prohibition era . 
  its taking forever to get all of that shit fixed . 
  hey there was no incest . 
  remember how viet nam war started ? 
  to annoy the british make american english the official dialect . 
   france and italy should have been partitioned after the war which war are you hung up on napoleonic ? 
  it is n't a constitution unless you write it down . 
  boardwalk is a pipe dream . 
  sure if someone lands on it they 're screwed but it is n't very likely . 
  much better to get railroads and utilities to increase the number of safe places to land and avoid paying your competitors . 
  do n't try and trick me , i know those are just a bunch of nouns glued together . 
  that 's just base pay , not accounting for stuff like bonuses and housing and food allowances . 
  can come out to more then double that . 
  well it depends on the state . 
  new jersey sure its only 4 hours if you go the entire length of the state that 's do able if you want to get anything done on the same day . 
  but from nyc to niagara falls its 7 hours and nearly 8 hour to go from san francisco california to san diego . 
  from my home town to seattle its 41 hours of driving . 
  well like others have said it would let you stay in the eu longer and that translates into a lot more faces you can steal . 
  i 'm sure that if anyone could grow a magnificent beard in 9 days it putin . 
  someone gets crowned czar . 
  because someone has to take the blame . 
  the us , if you want to stay where you are . . well your fucked . 
  that only gets the foot soldiers . 
  if the logistics network goes down the foot soldiers starve . 
  better with a gps tracker and a cruise missile for who ever takes delivery . 
  all according to plan . 
  iceland only has like 300000 people so yeah litteraly ever person could, 
  iraq , israel and algeria are apart of europe . 
  yes but he also travels a lot , so he sees the many advantages of the eu more then most people . 
  he 'd love not having to change pounds to euros or doing any border control checkpoints . 
  one of his stated dreams is for the eu to mandate one style of electrical socket . 
  he also gets a near constant reminder that there is no empire and if britain wants to pull some of the levers of power the eu is the really the only game in town . 
  well when one of your partners has a navy like [ this ] ( http://static1.businessinsider.com/image/55412cdeeab8ea8463e17bdc-1200-800/awvktlr%20-%20imgur-1.jpg ) , maybe you do n't need to add much . 
  there is only one country to blame . 
  cut the military budget , brooms are n't that expensive are they ? 
  at this point i 'm not sure which country will deserve the blame for the failure of the euro zone . 
  of course you let them back in ... straight to a jail . 
  we have to do something , if you leave who will be our inside man disrupting the process , poland does n't have enough clout . 
  pepper spray hurts a lot . 
  if you want a basic idea about how much it hurts get a habanero pepper and rub the oil in your eyes . 
  that 's low grade pepper spray concentrations and a fraction of the volume . 
  you hit one person in a group with pepper spray it does n't just hit that one person anyone within a meter or two is also going to get at least some of the pain . 
  also showing that you can hurt one person in the group will discourage others because they do n't want to be next . 
  sure if you want to be crass . 
  just try to talk french and a frenchmen who knows english will run you down just to stop us . 
  we have to give money to best korean or they might invade korea . 
  i think it goes football , basketball , baseball , nascar , college football , college basket ball , women 's basketball , soccer . 
  there 's also the population that 's less then half of europe 's and its more concentrated east of the mississippi and on the west coast . 
  so there 's this vast interior in the center where you ca n't find anyone . 
  apparently its also the german corporate strategy as well . 
  its too late for russia to retaliate . 
  to attack any of the expansion countries is to invoke article 5 and thus mad . 
  therefore no retaliation . 
  russia could try to screw around with the gas prices but that will really just cause fracking to build up or cause the baltics to build port facilities to import it from the us . 
  ukraine is under attack because russia can only preemptively retaliate against joining nato . 
  war ? 
  you really believe that 's a possibility ? 
  nato article 5 is sacrosanct and is invariably linked to mad . 
  russia will not try anything against a nato member and what 's happening in ukraine is proof that joining nato was the smart move for every eastern european country . 
  by joining they 've assured themselves sovereignty rather then being an autonomous russian province . 
  what about winter ? 
  i 'd put korea above japan . 
  we might buy more japanese stuff but the only help they can really give to us in the region is letting us lease bases . 
  also they bring up nuclear weapons a lot but never try to keep their own crimes against humanity very quiet . 
  the uk can project its power across the world . 
  unless you 're a native american then you kind of face some legal hurdles . 
  they already have offices in ( new ) jersey , it would be confusing for everyone if the had offices in ( old ) jersey . 
  that would only incentivize the company to try to pay out in ways that are not taxable . 
  sending shareholders on vacation . 
  allowing them use of company planes . 
  anything but actually handing money over . 
  we might not consider ourselves new yorkers but our lives certainly revolve around it . 
  ranks in at 11th by population . 
  just wanted to give out some facts not about that stupid show . 
  also nj created the commercial blueberry crop and the flood method for harvesting cranberries . 
  welcome , nj has a population of almost 9 million . 
  about 3.6 % of the world 's jewish population lives here . 
  people live here because its convenient to commute to philly and nyc where the rents are crazy . 
  our pharmaceutical industry is powerful as is our financial sector because the computers for wall st actually live here . 
  nj is the most densely populated state in the country and just about the most diverse racially in the country . 
  outside of strip between nyc and philly it is really quite rural . 
  texas and ny have a population of 47.6 million the uk has a population of 65.1 million . 
  i 'm somewhat surprised that there is n't some heading to the us . 
  we are the other near half of the world 's jewish population . 
  and the sovereign of northern island is ? 
  they are irish nationalists who object to being ruled by the english instead of joining ireland . 
  with sea trade taking precedence over land trade , there is no silk road making the middle east dramatically less wealthy , do the ottomans have the power to take war to europe ? 
  istanbul is the most vital port for the naval powers of eastern europe and the country around it has vital timbers do you think they will let it slip from their grasp ? 
  well the european coast on the sea of dreams would be fantastically wealthy . 
  it would have the monopoly of bringing in trade from china , korea and japan , the later two would get a lot more trade then in our world . 
  anyone who tries to import it through georgia or istanbul would have faced constant attacks from the naval power of ukraine for the last few thousand years . 
  very little trade would go overland impoverishing the middle east compared to our world . 
  rome might have taken over the eastern european coast but if they did n't then eastern europe would have formed a powerful naval empire of its own maybe taking over part of the area of kazakhstan . 
  it would most certainly war against the scandinavian isle for wood and to control the straight to control their trade monopoly . 
  paganism might survive christianity in eastern europe because of it being one or several non roman empires .
