  for offline stuff they could infect stuff that might connect to the target computer , usb sticks , phones , cameras etc. 
  or if they really need to get to it get a spy , break into building and infect it directly . 
  no computer is perfectly secure unless it is completely isolated from the rest of the world . 
  i do mean completely , if it connects the internet or a device that connects to another network you are at risk . 
  the us played havoc with iranian enrichment with infected usb sticks . 
  while unix derivatives are much more secure then windows , they can be broken into . 
  if you believe other wise you do n't know how computers work . 
  the nsa has hundreds of computer scientists and some massive super computers and clusters . 
  do you really think they ca n't get into a unix distro ? 
   the conquest of america and the destruction of the original civilizations if it makes you feel better we blame conquistadors plenty this side of the world . 
  yeah but i do n't see any evidence that people thought it would be too complicated from that . 
  god i hope i can find a source that agrees with that quote . 
  it 's not always on , you can completely turn it off and you can disable it from listening for the xbox on command in the low powered state . 
  i think a lot of the negativity will die down over the summer . 
  people will realize that they almost certainly have an internet connection that works at least 1 hour a day . 
  that you get to share your games with 10 people in a way that 's just not possible if you have to have the disc to play . 
  people will start thinking when was the last time i sold one of my steam games ? 
  the kinect might still bug people , but they also tend to trust menu options that disable things . 
  it might help with the price . 
  less technical people will see it comes with motion gaming and the other you have to buy separate and figure the xbox is a better value . 
  i think that 's because steam does n't have a physical distribution channel . 
  with the way the new xbox is set up it would be pretty easy to make copies of a game if it did n't verify who actually bought the game . 
  if or when the move to a pure digital system offline mode will work just like steam 's, 
  did n't sony say a similar thing about the publishers being able to add extra stuff about resale . 
  and you know what ? 
  all the games for xbox , ps4 and pc are going to look identical anyway . 
  what qualifications would you need exactly ? 
  while extremely demanding babies do n't require much skill, 
  see the problem is that the grid operates on a 60hz frequency , hooking him up would be problematic . 
  to make him a proper generator we 'll need to get him closer to a seething rage . 
  this will slow him down and increase his torque . 
  i 've heard that the turkish constitution has a responsibility to ensure a secular state . 
  is that true ? 
  did you adjust for how blacks are disproportionately poor ? 
  poverty is the best determining factor in crime . 
  african american males represent 50 % of people convicted for violent crimes . 
  african americans commit crime at about the rate whites do , they just get arrested and convicted more . 
   i guess people should just listen to what someone believes before passing judgement yeah that 's what you do n't want . 
  people wo n't judge you if they do n't know your beliefs . 
  after you go spouting on about politics they 'll know exactly what you believe and judge you accordingly . 
  that can ruin your night . 
  it 's not really offensive , but politics in america is not simple . 
  there are three to four layers of government depending on what state you live in . 
  each one has claims of power and quite often they over lap . 
  it is not a cohesive system that is elected by a homogeneous people . 
  therefore talking about politics is like walking into a minefield . 
  what might be noncontroversial in your , could be literally evil in theirs . 
  if you plan on having fun with that person later it 's best to avoid politics until you get better acquainted . 
  rule of thumb in the us is there are four topics to avoid with strangers , god , money , race and politics . 
  these topics people feel very strongly about and either they will one agree with you and do n't want to listen to bitch about it . 
  the american knows perfectly well the problem exists and can probably blame people who live in a different state that 's on the other side of the continent . 
  would you like to have a discussion about eu austerity that focuses on angela merkel a person you have no part in electing ? 
  the other option is that the american will vehemently disagree with you . 
  these people have built their lives around fundamentally different logical axioms . 
  there is no convincing these people in a few minutes or even a few days . 
  all that 's going to happen is that passions are going to get raised and it 's going to put a damper on any fun the two of you were going to have . 
  right but it does n't need to last very long just enough to destroy your competitors . 
  also if your business is state owned you can just keep getting no interest loans every year . 
  politics is always a bad idea for conversation also yanks are people from the north east of the country some people of the deep south really hate that . 
  except in size of land , population and economy . 
  also if the eu goes federal then countries will just be states . 
  this might be because i 'm american and have different views on immigration but , i 'm going to say because you 're from the country you 're born in not the one your grandparents were born in . 
  ummm ... a 80 year old man brought his mother over ? 
  then why do hey have power to write their own laws outside of a few areas ? 
  all currencies are fiat . 
  first sign of trouble and a metallic standard gets debased . 
  or someone finds a large new source of gold and your currency goes down the tubes . 
  worse still a metallic standard opens you up to attack from foreign countries who now have a direct ability to effect the value of your currency . 
  2.8 million out of 76.7 million , so only 3.6 % of children live in extreme poverty . 
  the same thing happens in the states with neighborhoods , though some were started by de facto segregation . 
  for instance chinatowns ( if you are n't familiar with the word they are neighborhoods that are mono-ethnic chinese sometimes other with east asian countries ) have been thriving communities for like 150 years . 
  a pretty good solution to this is simply bus kids around so you do n't get completely dominated schools . 
  but really the most important thing is to make the kids of immigrants feel german , or at the very least to make them incapable of liking their home country . 
  in this case they are one and the same . 
  schools here from the very beginning ask children ` where do your ancestors come from ' . 
  this gives them the state of mind to accept everyone as american . 
  even if you did n't get that growing up , its not hard to accept children of immigrants as americans because american culture is so dominant . 
  no matter how much parents try or how tight the immigrant community , american values will dominate their children 's world view . 
  why treat someone differently when they think just like you . 
  because adding extraneous letters to words really improves the looks of the language . 
  we need to have the spellings of words reflect their history , because the vast majority of people care about that instead of simplicity of communication . 
  and of course webster did it out of nationalistic sentiment not a desire to create 1 set of pronunciation for english instead of 1 set for every culture that has managed to conquer the southern par of the island . 
  or to remove the extraneous latin and greek that was added by scholars in the 16-17th centuries because they wanted english to look like it had more latin and greek roots . 
  what 's wrong with webster ? 
  we should spell things based on english rules rather then latin or greek ones . 
  sure sometimes he went a bit too far but they are sensible . 
  no i do mean it as a legitimate question . 
  the philippines were a colony but it 's a bit more murky when it comes to latin america and south america . 
  should we count central and south american countries that actually elected their governments ? 
  and seasons are n't 2 years apart . 
  software and airplanes too , along with expensive things that you ca n't accept the low quality and failure rate of chinese products . 
  just over stay a tourist visa , immigration officials have a terrible track record in finding and deporting people and if you get here quick enough you 'll probably get in on the next round of amnesty . 
  do n't listen to him , colorado is a much better place . 
  better beer , even more microbreweries , elevation changes , and sunlight all year long ... except during those tornadoes , or wild fires . 
  oh sorry forgot to say 1.75 l of vodka or whisky . 
  cheaper then 13 us$ for 1.75 l ? 
  in sweden though . 
  right so you go to the people directly in charge of the militaries , not the representatives of those countries but do n't actually decide where to send troops . 
  he will also be heading to paris and london in short order . 
  the ones on buildings have the advantages as well .
