originally a lower house district was set at a mere 30,000 people , it slowly inflated to over time . 
  well with increasing federalization of the eu why put an extra layer between your region and the power that is going to be in charge . 
  especially when your region did n't like that layer to begin with, 
  man the uk government has a serious problem with procrastination they 've had centuries ... 
  i wonder if there are matters that have to be settled with shin kicking contests . 
  there 's a uk constitution ? 
  i thought the uk operated on centuries of unwritten gentlemen 's agreements . 
  well it would be shot in cardiff . 
  ethnic neighborhoods are not a sign that ethnic groups are not integrated into american society . 
  if you poll those people about what they value , especially the grandchildren of the immigrants you would find that all the ethnic groups believe in very much the same things . 
  dude stop giving away the plan !, 
  no one knows welsh people just pound their faces on the keyboard to type . 
  because it is farther south , it is fucking cold there because it is very far inland . 
  yellowstone national gets even more sun winters get down to -40 . 
  dissolve the uk into its constituent countries , reunite ireland and then have all of them become the 52-54 states of the usa . 
  oh perfidious albion never change . 
  yeah but at the same time they are small time criminals they almost never do anything that would get a white person killed . 
  and to your second point us cops kill perfectly innocent people , more then enough . 
  it is enough that even a prominent republican congressmen , the notoriously law and order party , want to start curtailing the police . 
  did n't the snp say they were going to keep the pound ? 
   it also forces wealthy people and corporation in the eurozone to find ways to invest in growth or they will just watch their money lose vallue . 
  or the might just move their money to dollars ( us ) , pounds , yen , dollars ( ca ) , dollars ( hk ) . 
  also if your country has debt denominated in us dollars or uk pounds it is going to get worse . 
  want to hear something really funny ? 
  the place that makes jack daniels is a dry county anyone who wants to buy the product they make has to go to the next county over . 
  not really although some places have signs informing you that they are dry ( ban alcohol ) . 
  they are religiously obligated to be against fun . 
  i 'm not seeing the puns , care to list some ? 
  if a system of voting has voting districts where an area elects a representative , it has been gerrymandered . 
  in the us , the civil rights act and voting rights acts of 1965 happened because of peaceful protesters . 
  man i feel foolish right now , getting reved up about it . 
  i blame the lack of football season . 
  your right i just looked at a pew research poll and only 48 % of the gop do n't believe in evolution . 
  do you mean the johnson space center in huston ? 
  because it would be a hell of a commute for the employees to go from texas to the east coast of florida . 
  huston and orlando are great locations to launch from . 
  their coasts allow for launches over ocean which is important for safety and their lower latitude and ability to launch eastward gets a higher angular momentum from the spin of the earth making it easier to achieve orbit . 
  texas has a tech hub because it has advantages compared to other us states , like access to universities , cheap land prices , growing young population and more i do n't know about . 
  if you remove texas from the union , you get problems like internet start ups want websites that end in . com not . tx . 
  the population of 20 somethings that moved to texan cities and are an important part of that tech industry might not want to stay in an independent texas . 
  computer tech that is sold in the us will not be able to be sold to independent texas because they controlled as munitions . 
  the most important part of texas ' success is being at an advantage compared to other us states . 
  have you not seen members of the gop in congress on more then one time say exactly those things ? 
  how the right has tried on more then one occasion tried to get creationism back into american schools ? 
  how every debate on what to do starts with republicans denying that climate is changing ? 
  those are n't just stories on reddit , you can find them in the new york times , time magazine , bbc , wall street journal , pew research center and many other legitimate sources of information . 
   texas has very low levels of unemployment and a heavily diversified economy , i doubt there would be many who could n't survive in texas . 
  if you only make minimum wage you already need food stamps to get by ( 7.25 $ / hr * 40hr/week * 4week/month * 12month/per = 13920 ) . 
  that 's if they keep minimum wage instead of free market principles . 
  do n't forget that the young urban populations that have recently moved in and work in the tech sector are more likely then the average texan to need federal assistance . 
  if their already basic lifestyle gets further reduced they can pick up stakes and move out of texas as fast as they moved in . 
   texas has mediocre k-12 schools , but they are very proud over their universities , some of them are among the best in the country . 
  i do n't know why redditors think republicans do n't like education . 
  it 's one of the most retarded memes i see on this site . 
  because they have their own set of facts like , the usa is a christian nation and was created to be a christian nation . 
  evolution , the central principal of biology , is not true . 
  the world is 6000 years old . 
  climate does not exist because only god can change things . 
  when you remove facts it is not education it is indoctrination . 
  also how many out of state students will not go to texan schools if they now have to apply as international students . 
  oh and think how much competitiveness texas will lose when there is customs and border checks between the us and texas . 
  it would make importing and exporting to texas as difficult as it is with mexico . 
  actually maybe more difficult as texas is n't part of nafta . 
  how much would it take for a company to pick up stakes and move out of texas just so it would n't have to deal with that inconvenience ? 
  what would happen if texas became free from the feds pesky regulations and decided to heavy on the free market capitalism ? 
  would texas continue those socialist programs like medicare , medicaid , social security , and other programs ? 
  if texas cuts or reduces those programs on ideological grounds how much of the population would have to leave just because they would not be able to survive in texas ? 
  if free from the feds how many hours would it take for texas to further reduce their education standards leaving them unable to compete in the future ? 
  how many texans are employed directly or indirectly because us military spending ? 
  as for texan agriculture it is a large sector but somewhat specialized . 
  they have 8.4 % of the population but 5 % of the milk production . 
  fruit and vegetable production is more of a problem . 
  probably we 'd never find out about it as the us media would n't pick up the story or would get distracted 5 minutes later . 
  google your user name you already have been put on google . 
  consider how much bacon gets consumed . 
  i get the impression that the british politicians would be just as right wing as the american ones if given half a chance . 
  porn filter is a prime example , privatization of nhs too . 
  if war like that did break out it would quickly turn into new york state and new jersey against new york city . 
  clothes are often exempt too . 
  no no , y' all is only said by those yokels south of the mason dixon line . 
  youse guys is the popular around new jersey , philadelphia , new york city . 
  youse guys . 
  would you mind if northern ireland and wales get to separate states too ? 
  the only way you can have a tooth that looks good but is rotten is if you over bleach it . 
  but if you follow the instructions of a dentist you 'll be fine . 
  i think that it wo n't matter . 
  when scotland goes to join the eu it will be told that its economy and population are too small to demand all the exceptions the uk gets and will be forced to join the euro . 
  pretty much standard isolationist rhetoric . 
  can i guess that the finns are the ones that want to add estonia . 
  but americans generally are n't opposed to gmos which eu tend to freak out about . 
  if your product is irrationally hated a free trade agreement wo n't help much . 
  came to the us as a child , did some work in germany , came back to the states . 
  immigrants count as americans . 
  winston churchill 's books documenting the war and he heavily implied that henri was acting as operative for de gaulle . 
  did n't de gaulle start that by having that admiral , who flipped from vichy to free french after torch , killed when it seemed like the admiral was going to be installed as the head of free france ? 
  if scotland gets independence , wo n't it be obliged to take up the euro anyway ? 
  framers generally do n't bother with saving seeds since the advent of hybrid seeds . 
  it is better for them to buy hybrid seeds each year since the hybrid will have better yields but wo n't breed true . 
  so the vast majority of the seed supply could n't be contaminated . 
  some of those cases are when farmers have 90 % of their crop having the gmo genes .
