  first you do n't have build additional infrastructure to connect to them which cuts down on the cost . 
  secondly they are closer to the points of use so there is no loss during transmission . 
  thirdly you wo n't get any lawsuits from environmentalists or farmers , which is going to happen governments try to buy undeveloped land or farm land for the projects . 
  if the large backbone of a groups cultural identity is that completely repellent , why the hell allow them in ? 
  it 's hardly a new tradition or a hidden one . 
  unless people were incredibly naive and thought that immigrants would seamlessly adopt their new countries culture incredibly quickly , or leave after a few years , things like a niqab veil should have been self evident . 
  this case is premised on is that you can in fact become anonymous by putting on a face covering . 
  yeah it 's all about social nuances , it 's not the end result of societies being vastly unprepared for immigration , which leads to systemic racism against brown people . 
  why ca n't you be anonymous ? 
  if your argument is that a segment of society might use it for nefarious means , how is that not argument for a police state , where what might happen gets to infringe on our privacy . 
  so you should n't be able to wear a mask at a protest ? 
  ca n't wrap up in a bitter winter ? 
  ca n't cover your face if you have a disfiguring injury or as a compulsion of mental illness ? 
  what about parties ca n't i wear a full mask to that ? 
  if you said , yes you ca n't do those either , to the previous questions congratulation !, 
  you are not a hypocrite . 
  i do n't disagree with that assessment just felt that you left medicare and medicaid out . 
  if you are old or poor enough , the government acts like the first one . 
  5 and a half maybe 6 hrs . 
  yellowstone is a bit over rated . 
  18 u.s.c. 
  3063 , [ epa faq ] ( http://www.epa.gov/region9/enforcement/cid/faq.html ) yes you can be investigated and prosecuted for environmental crimes . 
  congress established these laws not the epa . 
  you can be put in jail for violating the clean water or air act . 
  according to the epa their target is the management if they 're the ones who decided the illegal actions . 
  have you seen the cartel 's videos where they behead people just like isis ? 
  the news stories where said cartels throw the heads of police officers into crowded nightclubs . 
  massive kidnappings and other violence are not exactly unheard of . 
  if someone told me that mexico would fall in chaos because of cartel 's in the next few years i 'd believe it . 
  epa has criminal investigations as well . 
  they could pursue individuals in the company for creating the policies that made the company commit a crime . 
  yeah and to fix it so those cars are in fact road legal each car will need an expensive urea system installed . 
  so they will not be nearly as affordable in the future . 
  only the ones that are born here . 
  none these other guys are bullshitting and are probably complaining that children of illegal immigrants are citizens because they are born here . 
  as long as you do n't have an address , if you do bill collectors will show up . 
  no they ca n't because to get welfare they need a social security number which they do n't have . 
  even legal immigrants ca n't get welfare until after 10 years of paying into the system . 
  the only people related to illegal immigrants who get shit like medicaid are the children of illegal immigrants who were born here cause you know they 're citizens . 
  because of the other war zones that are much closer to home . 
  guatemala and parts of mexico , haiti , venezuela , columbia are hell holes , if we take in large populations of one refugees to our country those other places are going to send even more unattended children . 
  the plural vs singular debate in the united states ended with the civil war , 150 years ago . 
  as payment for saving this international sport we want to change the name to soccer . 
  how much time did it really add when you go to buy booze in estonia ? 
  that ca n't be right if there 's a bell curve with no skewing only 25 % should be greater then 1 sigma below average . 
  well except for the 11.5 million illegal immigrants mostly from mexico , but about 5-7 % from asia . 
  by constant exposure to television and the propaganda it shows , just like we do it in the us . 
  baltic ? 
  but estonia is a clearly relevant nordic country . 
  condoms are n't nearly effective as televisions . 
  condoms need to be put on correctly and every time . 
  televisions keep people entertained and prevents people from having sex in the first place . 
  well at the time everyone was fairly sure that it would n't turn into a successful revolution . 
  since they were sure it would n't work just support the government so you can keep their support later . 
  as it looked more like the revolution would win the less support the us gave to the regime . 
  well about 20-50 % died from disease in most places , mexico went from 25 million down to 3 . 
  the us in several wars killed about 30,000 . 
  no it seems that the eu is just limping along taking no long term solutions and the uncertainty is causing everyone else to slow down as well, 
  that 's ridiculous you speak portuguese and that means you are from brazil . 
  god damnit get your shit together the eu is dragging the entire world economy down, 
  the main categories that are exempt are groceries ( food that was n't cooked for you ) , prescriptions and clothing . 
  different states different rules but the majority states follow this . 
  no food is a necessity taxing it will unfairly harm the poor possibly forcing them to choose eating and some other necessity . 
  not in my state in fact only 1/3 have sales tax on food and even then only half of those states charge the full sales tax on food . 
  no deal , do n't like the neighborhood . 
  there 's vat on food ? 
  yeah but viral meningitis is something that most people can recover from without treatment according to the cdc . 
  bacterial meningitis is known for killing people over a weekend and there are vaccines for 4 species that are the most common . 
  so stand by what i say . 
  yeah there are like 4 vaccines for different bacterial meningitis strains . 
  spying on other countries is a time honored tradition of all nations . 
  i would be shocked if every eu country did n't spy on the us . 
  that 's why we have vaccines . 
  driving in the summer must be terrible with some people, 
  does the standard 2 meter personal space bubble remain in place or can i get closer then that ? 
  uh well i 'm going to be honest and say i understood maybe half of what was said . 
  in fact if you told me they were speaking gaelic with english words sprinkled in i 'd believe you . 
  i 'm surprised so many people said should not in poland . 
  if russia attacks a nato country that is n't the it will be lithuania followed by them . 
  well the old soviet planned called for immediate nuclear strikes if the us attacked so it is n't without basis . 
  if you 're going to go full ` murica then do n't forget talking about freedom !, 
  children of immigrants usually speak both languages fluently . 
  the main difference is that they ca n't write in their parent 's language worth a damn . 
  my highschool had a spanish for spanish speakers because while they could speak then language far better then the english only kids they could only write about as well as the english only kids . 
  does that refer to a specific type of rabbit , because there are lots of rabbits in north america ? 
  candied herring ? 
  i think that really depends on how you view the roots of the obesity epidemic . 
  how does estonia fit into the nordic dick model ? 
  the us gets about 1275 a year . 
  current record for most tornadoes in one month is 875 . so 51 is rare by some standards . 
  that is ridiculous , in today 's america tom robinson would have been killed by a cop as a jury would be to unreliable . 
  yeah but the germans were trying to make a german french union they were n't really trying . 
  would n't it be winter in australia for the games ? 
  what do you mean secretly ? 
  fine point froggy , but i 'm deeply surprised that you had the courage to say so . 
  are you already drunk from breakfast wine ? 
  again goose and human anatomy are n't the same . 
  shoving a tube down a human throat like that would be very painful but not to a goose . 
  water birds like geese can swallow things that are relatively much larger then anything a human could hope to swallow . 
  the trachea and esophagus are n't both located at the back of the goose 's mouth so the tube ca n't be pushed into the goose 's airway , will not trigger a gag reflex or retching and the goose can still breath with the tube in .
