  north america will be discovered but its a toss up from which side because it might be by western europeans trying to avoid price gouging by the slavic people or it might be discovered because eastern europeans want to avoid the roads or pirates and try to circumnavigate the world . 
  unlike our world both north and south america might be completely unpopulated because there is no land bridge during the ice age , unless the people of the south pacific got really ambitious with their exploration . 
  or someone from northern asia tries a similar island hopping campaign of the volcanic islands around the pacific ring of fire and makes it to alaska . 
  so there might not be corn , chili peppers or potatoes . 
  so hitler and napoleon would never take over would never exist because the conditions to make france and germany great powers in the first place might not exist . 
  all you need gasoline , fertilizer and wood screws just ask the ira . 
  5 bucks says companies will just hire the same few women to make the ` reasonable attempt ', 
  the article says that sanctions for failure to meet the goal is currently unspecified not that there wo n't be punishment . 
  how exactly is n't this a quota though ? 
  how could a general strike stop an internet connection ? 
  is n't the system designed to be resilient enough so that as long as the electricity is on it will run ? 
  but does it account for the chance that the capable women choose other paths because being on a board of a company does n't interest them ? 
  if we equate the maastricht treaty with a federal law ( that 's been confirmed constitutional ) , you better believe the department of justice would have injunctions going out the moment a state passed an infringing budget . 
  look at voting rights act enforcement the doj announces that they will sue a state even before an infringing bill is passed . 
  well there is a slight difference that ones in europe can get people elected and have a distinct chance of being able to secede . 
  of the listed movements only puerto rico can secede because it 's not a state . 
  the question of state secession was settled in 1865 , they can not . 
  american states are autonomous , can choose to ignore federal law ( there 's a pretty high price but states could do it ) , have large populations and areas , form together distinct regions and cultures . 
  so yeah they are pretty much on country scale . 
  well the feeling is a bit mutual . 
  british conservatives would love to be republicans , american leftists would love to be labor or greens . 
  really ? 
  what country did they model that plan on ? 
  america in the 1860s ? 
  what are the controls for immigration ? 
  maximum number per year of none eu citizens ? 
  cap on number of unskilled laborers ? 
  do they have problems enforcing work requirements ? 
  51 ^ st - 54 ^ th states yay !, 
  but nearly all of that debt is owned by japanese citizens so as long as their government pays out social security it works . 
  oh i 'm quite well aware that right wingers ca n't say a single true thing about welfare . 
  but clamping down on immigration for a while does have it 's benefits . 
  integration does n't take years it takes generations . 
  people get frustrated at the seeming lack of integration if you the stop or dramatically reduce immigration you allow for time to integration for the people currently living in your country . 
  if you do n't want people taking advantage of welfare , why not just propose a residency restriction of 6 months or a year ? 
  canada and australia seem to work out pretty well . 
  how can one be classified an immigrant because they simply do n't have a passport ? 
  oh god he 's spread to europe there is no hope !, 
  but also like a paper currency they are only worth what other people will exchange them for . 
  but the negatives of such printing is still quite possible with gold backed currencies . 
  if you do n't believe me look what happened to spain after it brought back all that new world treasure . 
  spanish gold pieces became common and lost much of its value . 
  so not only are the negatives of fiat currencies still an option but you open yourself to new attacks . 
  let 's the euro was backed by gold what would happen to the euro if the us federal reserve decided to dump it 's gold holdings from fort knox on the open market ? 
  the euro would drop like a stone in value . 
  really all currencies are fiat . 
  most of gold 's worth comes from the fact that people believe it has worth much like people believe in the dollar or the euro . 
  if gold was only valued based on how much it is actually used for things like jewelry or electronics it would cost a lot less . 
  the main difference is that current currencies are strictly controlled by their governments whereas gold or other backed ones are controlled by outside influences . 
  germany 's guest workers from turkey that have been streaming in for decades all those algerians in france are totally refuges not immigrants . 
  greece and iceland should n't be compared to iceland or the us since they do not control their own currency . 
  reality is colored by our perceptions so i do n't think it is possible just call everything nationalism and hope that we choose leaders that work with logical pro and con lists for their actions . 
  i also think that instead of the us the eu might want to look at canada since that is a diverse multicultural society . 
  i 'm saying nationalism and not patriotism because it can be hard to tell the difference between the two if you are caught up in the feeling . 
  the central premise of both though is that you belong to your nation and that the nation belongs to you . 
  i think the difference between the two is that nationalism can exclude people who should be a part of the nation and it also negatively views other nations . 
  i 'm not against either the monetary policy or the nationalism . 
  in fact i rather like both . 
  the monetary policy because it is an extension of the idea of redistribution of wealth between the rich and poor . 
  the nationalism because i think a sense of belonging is a fundamental need of humans . 
  i just think that the people of the eu are opposed to both . 
  the redistribution because the eu government seems to be as democratic a monarchy . 
  well really there is n't an eu government or there does n't seem to be one anyway . 
  i 'm guessing that 's because the member states do n't want to give up any of the power that they control . 
  as for the nationalism well do you want to go chronologically or alphabetically as to how europe showed its worst cases . 
  besides the monetary situation that is unpalatable there is a deeper issue . 
  america was founded and continues to run on pure nationalism and propaganda . 
  how did a country with no history manage to stay together ? 
  we practically made the men who started the country into heroes and gods pretty much as soon as the ink dried on the constitution . 
  this cult of personality binds the states together even if their interests are mutually exclusive . 
  while the monitor was founded by a christian scientist it is [ not a christian science mouth piece ] ( / http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_science_monitor#concept_and_inception ) . 
  it is a widely known , respected and award winning paper/magazine . 
  they save so much money because that 's going to be all the money they have for retirement . 
  there is no pension check from the government , no socialized health care for them to rely on and the one child policy is destroying the traditional family unit who would normally take care of the elderly . 
  if they do not save like crazy they will starve to death later . 
  this crisis is n't caused by chinese or anyone else 's savings rates but because people and governments bet on continued growth in housing and other sectors . 
  it did n't and countries who bet on it ca n't pay their debts . 
  normally when this sort of thing happens countries just use inflation and print some more money suffer for a while and get back to normal . 
  greece and spain no longer have that option anymore because they do n't control the euro . 
  they were also forced into hard austerity measures which has removed much any opportunity for growth to pay their debt in the long term . 
  it is a lot but they ca n't dictate anything . 
  china does n't even own 1/4 of us debt that is owned by foreigners and that does n't even come to a 1/3 of us debt . 
  why would there be 1000s kids in a pretty small country that ca n't attend school ? 
  how many of them could have cancer or mono ? 
  or does the system prevent kids with learning disabilities from trying ? 
  i doubt you could get something like the daily show that could get into most european countries . 
  the show could actually loose a slander lawsuit . 
  but then you 'd have to pick one and there are a lot of bad history between them . 
  no us government would do anything that would really destabilize a russian or chinese government . 
  if they tried it would certainly end with nuclear brinkmanship and no one wants that . 
  it 's not completely in the bag yet , it 's just not all that likely . 
  if it 's backed by goods the same problems will occur . 
  even backed by several goods it only slightly harder to destroy . 
  if they are all backed by similar goods then if you bring down one then you will bring down all of them . 
  the next problem is that the more currencies you have the hard it is to actually work in everyday life . 
  people could refuse to accept one of the other currencies and then you are shit out of luck . 
  if everyone in the eu or us was forced to used this scheme then they will be treated as a single currency because they pretty much are . 
  are you comparing silver to gold recently ? 
  because gold has been going through the roof for the last few years . 
  you know what the big problem with a gold standard is ?
