do not bother . 
  he is a shill . 
  hahaha . 
  how do you pronounce kaunas ? 
  pretty much this . 
  well and of course there are still people in positions of power with the oldie soviet mentality ( cronyism , corruption and other joys of soviet system . ), 
  things changes little by little . 
  the problem ( imho ) is that corrupt asshats teach their children the same stuff . 
  estonia . 
  great info . 
  thanks . 
   dominated by german and lithuanian immigrants . 
  chicago ? 
   a reasonable place to live in . 
  : ddd, 
  til . 
  we call them `` pufikai '' ( fluffy things ) . 
  i like ottomans way better . 
  well . . we did not started it , we just started to react to his shit . 
  so . . no , we are not made for each other . 
  we would n't be so openly anti-putin if he just stopped invading shit and being a dick in general . 
  that i am sure of . 
  nice accent . 
  who is this lithuanian youtuber ? 
  yeah and there will always be people who will vote for them . 
  why are we so divided ? 
   lithuania 's outspoken president , dalia grybauskaite , has accused the government of failing to take up reforms and is not on speaking terms with the prime minister after alleging corruption in his government earlier this year . 
   `` i wish ( the new members of parliament ) would steal less , '' she said after casting her vote in an early voting on wednesday . 
  4 lost years . 
  that is just complete bullshit . 
  or maybe non-citizen have n't tried hard enough . 
  or do not want to . 
  and what to do if minority does not want to integrate ? 
  if you live for decades in a country i think you should know the langue and basic history . 
  yes it is a good reason to exclude you . 
  as per definition : nation state noun a sovereign state of which most of the citizens or subjects are united also by factors which define a nation , such as language or common descent . 
  and the better reason to give him free pass is ? 
  in lithuania there is no such thing as non-citizens . 
  but sure , baltic states . . 
  in latvia they have a choice to naturalise with couple of tests . 
  but they ** choose ** not to . 
  for people born after 1991 you do n't even need to do that just for one of the parent to request the citizenship . 
  not knowing the language of the country you reside in for decades is deplorable . 
  agree based on what ? 
  since when they are secluded from society . 
  what the fuck are you talking . 
  cracking down . 
  ^ ( brain malfunction ), 
  that 's latvia . 
  and they are steeping down on this . 
  what ? 
  well the ones who worked for the party or had family or friends who could `` organise '' them stuff . 
  the lazy fucks . 
  now you have to work for your well being so they look at those times with nostalgia . 
  edit : dem letters . 
  sometimes . 
  yes . 
  ask for a smoke . 
  or complain about shitty weather . 
  or just ask what do you in life instead of cheking your phone every 30 sec . 
  sorry at my shity atempt at humor . . 
  well no . 
  but like talking with someone is a start . 
  ohhh right forgot about alcohol . 
  how do you guys . . you know . . reproduce ? 
  the problem is way way way way more complex than just bring some migrants and sun will be shinning , birds will be singing . 
  first of all we need people who want to work hard . 
  very hard . 
  for your country . 
  [ not this bullshit . 
  we like totally do not need that unless they are ukrainians or some close cultural group otherwise proper integration will cost way more than the benefits . 
  and nobody will go here . 
  case point that iraq family who left for sweden ... 
  well i have n't seen one so morally degraded who would do that . 
  hope we will not see . 
  tbh i 'm from the camp who would still use force . 
  there are way way way more ways to enforce the law besides the mentioned ones and not get some kids hurt . 
  snatch the kids deal with the adults so on so on . 
   and i am surprised i got down voted for saying that pepper spray is to harsh on kids ... people are emotional beings . 
  and from their perspective you are offering lawlessness ( sure strap kids on you and cross the border ) . 
  probably . . 
  use water cannons . 
  if a person deliberately put kids in harms way then he is a piece of shit and responsibility is his . 
   no , if she is a tourist in that country ( i 'm not saying she is , i do n't know ) then she has no right to question the laws . 
  ffs . 
  i was replying to this . 
  about tourists in other countries . 
  and respecting the laws of those countries . 
  i do not care who she is . 
  we were talking about tourists and respecting laws of other countries and not that saudi arabia standards goes against your beliefs . 
  this , try to visit saudi arabia as a woman without a headscarf . 
  yes . 
  that 's better . 
  behind the classic taste of pork ( pig ) . 
  of course , blame it on the west not on your own government . 
  serious question : how you helped ex warsaw-pact countries exactly and why did you not helped russia ? 
  [ `` most western attention and aid have been focused on stabilization . 
  '' ] ( http://scholar.harvard.edu/files/shleifer/files/privatizing_russia.pdf ) fucked up privatization in the 90 's - blame the west , not your own crooks that consolidated power ( new russians ) . 
  [ no it would not . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_reset ) plus : `` the breakup of the soviet union was the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century . '',
