yeah , thanks to its huge economy , its willingness to protect weaker nations at its own expense and its focus on democracy . 
  how terrible . 
  also , ` the us think they won the cold war ' . 
  no shit putin , thats cos they did . 
  you never know . 
  he may literally have owned the city, 
  to be fair , we were pretty damn good at taking things by force . 
  * the biggest badass of all time, 
  thats what you get with being next to an even bigger island , luck of the draw i 'm afraid, 
  i do n't think thats possible is it ? 
  the opening and closing chapters of the book ` russias war ' by richard overy give a good picture of what life was like in the ussr just before and just after the war, 
  here 's a deal , we wo n't ask for special privileges so long as the national anthem of france becomes ` god save the queen ' . 
  no-one mentions luxembourg , who keeps moving all the tables together and loves the idea of everyone being part of the same table . 
  this is much to the annoyance of the uk , who recently threatened to move his table outside onto the pavement , even though its much colder outside , his reason of ` being closer to his friends america and his gang ` the commonwealth ' do n't make much sense since they all go to different schools in different towns . 
  the real question is how british are the europeans . 
  royal baby and murray won wimbledon , suck it up rest of the world . 
  we 've got this year wrapped up . 
  do n't care if it does n't involve a crippling eurovision and world cup victory as well , some things are just more important than cash, 
  you just see that spike if england win the world cup, 
  you can phrase it like that and you are n't wrong . 
  the trouble is that it was phrased in such a way to make it sound like gay or racial equality , a much more serious issue, 
  weed decriminalisation is hardly an issue of ` human rights ' though , is it, 
  [ it 's where al-asad 's hiding , the coward ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fagtrje36bu ) that and oil wealth , but its a bit corrupt . 
  and they 're hosting the ` euro-olympics ' or something, 
  transport ( outside of london anyway ), 
  go to the west midlands , see a match at the hawthorns and spend a night in brum . 
  gods country it is , gods country, 
  not a bad name ... but is there a reason they could n't call it something with a bit more punch ? 
  i 've got no complaints about artful , just does n't seem to fit the role the craft is designed for, 
  good luck to 'em , whatever they pick . 
  i 'm just wondering what happens when the oil runs out ? 
  do they go bust or do they have plans ? 
  in a way , would n't this make frankfurt the financial capital of the world ? 
  golly gosh old chap , i do believe she 's doo-dahed her wim-wam !, 
  god save the queen !, 
  chicken 'n chips 'n gravy, 
  propably the modern olympics . 
  not really a city though, 
  i 'll be volunteering at a 1000 year old church soon . 
  simply because i like history/churches, 
  france, 
  forssell was/is a damned good striker , and they have a rather good education system . 
  sun then rain then football . 
  football season seems to have started a bit earlier this year , though that might just be me . 
  and some scumbag ` parents ' got sent to prison for life for starving/torturing their infant child to death . 
  they thrashed england in 1953 with the ` magnificent magyars ' . 
  i would congratulate and thank you , as it led to english football being revived , but unfortunately you put thirteen goals past gil merrcik of my beloved birmingham city , thus tarnishing his reputation bloody other countries , being good at football, 
  that whenever we 're backed into a corner , no matter the pressure exerted upon us , we endure , vanquish and rebuild to be stronger than before . 
  that and when it comes to international politics , we can pick out a winner long in advance, 
  those bloody foreigners will never understand what i 'm saying now !, 
  its full of secret agents and their respective targets, 
  they like chips and beer , and they 're our bro 's on the continent, 
  it did seem rather efficient, 
  empire : making better maps and selling spices since forever, 
  why is rural wales listed as ` industrial ' ? 
  are sheep considered industry now ? 
  the way i see it , our broadcast press do a good job , but our tabloids seem to follow the old mode of though . 
  i.e ` fog in channel , continent cut off ' . 
  sebastian larrson and abba who both work at ikea , i also presume everyone goes to work on a moose to their jobs at ikea . 
  thats all the stereotypes i know put in a blender anyway, 
  good lord [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-shropshire-22201666 ) story represents the insanley middle class white area in which i live . 
  its unreal how much of a first world problem it is, 
  shrewsbury in shropshire , gb . 
  [ thats ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/shrewsbury_panorama.jpeg/800px-shrewsbury_panorama.jpeg ) the view from the posh school on the hill . 
   and there is no active war at present in the country . 
  just because western troops left does n't mean the taliban did . 
  the war in afghanistan continues only now its being fought by the afghan government . 
  honestly i do n't mind europe taking on afghan refugees , although the distance is ( as you say ) immense, 
  number of seafront barbecues in oxbridge last year : probably zero number of seafront barbecues in aberystwyth : probably more than that . 
  cymru am byth aberystwyth is the greatest university in britain confirmed, 
  i expect that 'd be a pointless move on whoever did it tbh if that were the case . 
  i mean someone is n't going to be put off voting tory because of defence spending, 
  what a fantastic situation for both parties, 
   the greek debt should be reduced why ? 
  no ones fault but greeces that they 're in so much debt . 
  why should other people pay though the nose for their mistakes ? 
  even if this was the case with greece ( which it is n't ) , no its not . 
  fascism is a political ideology , this does n't come under that . 
  its more than the ( considerable ) destruction of property and loss in production though . 
  the air war forced germany to fight a defensive war that they could n't win . 
  every bullet , every gun , every man and every plane that was sent to try and halt the bombing was one that was n't sent against the russians , giving them more and more breathing room to deal out more solid victories on the ground, 
   that was a seriously shitty move why ? 
  its not like the bombing was n't done for a reason . 
  its almost undeniable that the air war against germany was one of , if not the most important contributions of the western allies against germany . 
  its also worth pointing out , obviously , that the bombing of german cities was preceded by the blitz . 
  we should n't be ashamed that we were better at bombing than the germans , as long as we are n't gleeful about it . 
  war is a terrible thing , but we must do terrible things to win them ( and this was a war that needed to be won ), 
  shit , might have been the wrong long word ( jacob rees-mogg said something similar in parliament ), 
  get out of here mogg, 
  question , where the germans who had moved into occupied areas during the war included in that number ? 
  a lot of people in this subreddit would n't be alive to post if he was n't pm at the time he was though . 
  immigrants even stealing our jokes !, 
  when will it end ??? 
   i would n't like it if they 'd gone and called it duke of wellington either !, 
  of course not !, 
  we 'd name it the hms viscount horatio nelson, 
  well no , not for us plebs . 
  its reserved for andrew mitchell and the queen, 
  you did n't think we 'd give up the empire * that * easily did you ? 
  nice , heading there for a semester on the first , is there anything of note i should know/do ?
