they did n't even cross my mind, 
  dat peace, 
  it 's a shame because the english identity has been hijacked in the absence of an english state, 
  i 've noticed i see plenty of union jacks , scottish flags , welsh flags , but no english flags in peoples flair, 
  yeah but if you just vote for a different party , if the nation voted , that would n't have to be an issue, 
  i will send it in the post along with all my money, 
  i think that 's just where he was standing, 
  i will personally come to your house , cook you dinner and then give you all the money in my bank account if barack obama gets arrested and put in british prison, 
  no , but a significant of people wont push for those reforms , we need every seat we can get voting them through, 
  we need those seats voting for reforms, 
  well it 's a fatal misunderstanding , for the european union to work the way we need it to be reformed , we need parties like the greens , the pirate party and so on there pushing those reforms , parties like ukip just do n't fucking turn up, 
  the people who cared voted , it still reflects a negative attitude, 
  i do n't think you can compare highly complex modern militaries to small dicks, 
  we need a significant amount of local devolution before that can happen, 
  i think that european election should tell you that unifying european militairies is not a democratic option, 
  was probably my parents, 
  yeah , thats what i do n't understand, 
  i never had to register my polling card just comes in the post but there are ads everywhere telling people not to forget to register, 
   stereotypes an entire country negatively  not hatred ok, 
  i know , that 's why i said i phrased that badly, 
  ok , i wont doubt the accuracy of the surveys , but we 're diverging from my main point , we 're all just people , if we were willing to compromise we could solve all these issues peacefully, 
  surveys by who ? 
  who do they ask ? 
  i 've never been asked my opinion , and i 'm not justifying that , i 'm just saying i 'm not taking part in these global power plays , it 's not how i want my government to act . 
  edit : also opinions swayed by propaganda do n't count as that persons will , they are being influenced and manipulated, 
  this is n't / r/worldnews though we were n't talking about / r/worldnews sorry i phrased that badly, 
  i see we need a sarcasm font now , more than ever . 
  why are we all so `` us vs. them , pick a side '' we 're all just people , these power plays are the games of the political classes , they are nothing to do with the public of these countries , putin may be doing some terrible things , obama may be doing some terrible things , but the russian people is probably full of kind compassionate people , like any country , these events do n't reflect the will of the people , can we plz stop inciting hatred being so warmongering d :, 
  can you link the comments plz ? 
  he did ask for evidence, 
   is the us and eu paying these people do you seriously think reddit has enough influence to be worth their time, 
  i would think it would be like having a second city of london, 
  in most world cities they need cheap , efficient and quick public transport tho , otherwise people will drive , problem with older cities like paris and london is space, 
  nick griffin is the biggest cunt, 
  it 's amazing that it 's possible to have that job title, 
  everything that man says makes me angry, 
  you have a favorite ? 
  nigel farage should read this thread, 
  this looks like a load of shit to me, 
  i have been looking for a sub like this !, 
  happens over here with london too : /, 
  paris is a world city though , it 's never gon na fit the trend, 
  it 's like satire but he 's actually saying it, 
  they use it at my university too, 
  do n't they get integrated through the education system ? 
  ohh , i did n't realize they advocate coalitions, 
  that 's well over 100-200 years from now , at the current rate of new technological development i 'm sure/i hope there will have been some major advances that will provide the answers, 
  who , the government ? 
  the london county council ? 
  what has that got to do with the house prices ? 
  i 'm still not sure why that damages their credibility as a political party , that would just be the conservatives view on the liberal democrats agreeing with labour on a few things in a hung parliment, 
  if someone is born and raised here in my opinion they are british , regardless of colour or religion, 
  they would n't have had to go with labour either , and labour are supposed to be left wing , so why would it be any surprise that the lib dems would rather work with them ? 
  who do you mean ? 
  it all adds weight to the argument that there is an invisible , opaque authority far above our heads , enforcing an unknown agenda & keeping us in the dark i used to think stuff like that was crazy conspiracy theorist bullshit , but the older and more aware i get the more likely it looks, 
  i 'm not saying that does n't annoy me , i hate how much our authorities pander to the rich , it 's a shitty and lazy way of trying to get foreign money into the economy , i was just saying i do n't care about not being able to buy property in london , it 's nice to visit , but there 's nothing making me want to live there . 
  i do care however , how middle and working class britons are being priced out of the london property market , at our expense . 
  my cousins live in london and they all have to rent , yet there is n't the legislation in this country to make that fair to the tenant, 
  i see now , your questioning the validity of claims made based on this data , as it is only one section of a much more complicated issue ? 
   its daft and it means people do n't have an accurate idea of what the situation is and then , think that ` something should be done ! ', 
  about it . . 
  this is basically the cause of most of this countries social problems, 
  exactly , my family has lived here since before america existed but we originally came across from france, 
  compared to some of those other countries though ? 
  it 's probably helped stop our population going into decline like germany anyway, 
  2nd generation immigrants count as native britons do n't they ? 
  i see what you mean though , the spin put on it by the media shows it in a completely different light, 
  the lib dems would 've done so much more good outside of the coalition , in a hung parliament . 
  such a bad move by clegg , he was too desperate to get in power . 
  if they 'd waited it out in 8 years he could 've been primeminister, 
  i 'm not particularly concerned about london anymore , it 's a world city , not an english one . 
  it 's overpriced and overcrowded, 
  i do n't know why so many people in this country complain , it 's not that bad at all . 
  bloody newspapers, 
  you do n't have to vote labour , vote green or somebody . 
  i do n't understand why people only want to vote for the same two incompetent parties, 
  so the other european countries just do n't have an army ? 
  or do they just cut down and let the french build bases ? 
  also would the uk and france be able to recruit enough manpower from their own populations alone ? 
  are n't they being built by a french company though ? 
  there wont be a referendum , the conservatives wont win the next election . 
  the eurozone , as we 've seen , was a terrible idea , it weakened the european economy so much, 
  i take it this military would still include soldiers from nations like germany , italy etc ? 
  how would that be organized ? 
  is n't a lot of the equipment already standardized under nato anyway ? 
  well , rifle ammunition types etc. 
  my internet ca n't even begin to handle that, 
  cameron vetoed that banking legislation because he thinks that if it 's passed all the investment banks , that basically are our economy at the moment , will leave to a country where they do n't have to pay their fair share . 
  well it 's not like we have n't tried . . 
  got ta love the european banter , at least we 're not at war any more, 
  europe is so much better when it 's peaceful and unified, 
  oh hahahaha , i saw you refer to your boyfriend on a comment on your profile and thought i 'd take a risk , yeah same principle, 
  do n't worry , everyone at home hates them too, 
  hearing this from someone swedish who 's probably a woman is something i approve of, 
  to be fair i was mostly basing my opinion on eurovision, 
  i was not expecting the uk to be the second most popular , i thought everyone hated us, 
  could someone explain what this diagram shows ? 
  they 're definitely not allowed in the eu now, 
  well our government keep trying to change the definition of poverty to get people `` out '' , would n't surprise me if they 're poor at getting the data, 
  the bbc are publishing exactly what happened so we kinda will & james may admitted to being blackout drunk so it would n't surprise me,
