  has for ages . 
  it was the term ` white-collar job ' i was referring to as an americanism . 
  no need to flip out . 
  should be disgusted by elitism , am actually disgusted by americanism . 
  just to clarify something about roman italy : for most of the imperial period , it was actually still more like a collection of city states than a province . 
  thanks to their ancient treaties with rome , each city was essentially ruled locally and with very little taxation . 
  i believe iirc it was diocletian who tried to incorporate italy as a province , and man , the italians did not like it . 
  ah yes , stopping you from freeing europe from the terrible ordeal of ` not being ruled by a bonaparte ' . 
  damn brits . 
  you can blame attila the hun for that one . 
  after he was defeated in gaul at the battle of the catalaunian fields , he invaded italy . 
  in gaul , the romans had been able to call on various barbarian tribes who inhabited the area to join in a coalition to fight off attila . 
  in italy , they could only rely on their own regular forces , which were not really sufficient . 
  basically , attila sacked the city , burned it to the ground , and it was never really the same again . 
  ultimately its place in the region was superceded by venice . 
  even during the late wre , milan , aquileia and ravenna were all arguably more important than rome itself . 
  uh , london was never an independent city state . 
  it has for a long time been very autonomous , holding certain rights for so long that we literally do n't know when they acquired them , but it has always been part of some larger kingdom . 
  this was so , so much more important than any election . 
  well , he has to use covent garden tube , so , in a way , he loses . 
  yes . 
  ( londoner here ), 
  well in finland , looks like they found 2520 lynxes , with an uncertainty of + / - 90 . 
  how they got that figure , i have no idea . 
  the uk referendum was n't binding either , but it became pretty impossible very quickly to do anything else . 
  we also thought we had a good sized majority of remainers . 
  12 years . 
  while spain was helping them in a war . 
  honestly , let me know if you can think of anything like that from england/the uk . 
  i would be really interested to hear it !, 
  my contention is not that napoleon is a uniquely horrible tyrant . 
  but nor do i think he is any kind of hero . 
  he did good things for france , but in the end he sought power first and foremost , and ultimately caused a hell of a lot of death . 
  mostly i just like a good debate though . 
  there are lots of respected historians on both sides , and i do n't think we 'll ever stop arguing about the guy . 
  alright mate , you have a lovely night now . 
  yes . 
  they did . 
  then they made peace and an alliance with france . 
  then napoleon deposed their king while they were helping him invade portugal . 
  ok , you 've been very emotional and hostile in tone throughout this discussion . 
  we are n't fighting the napoleonic wars , it 's a debate about a historical figure . 
  please try to be civil . 
  you have n't told me how attacking egypt ( a campaign he personally argued for ) was not an aggressive action . 
  nor have you made it clear how spain , an ally who showed no sign of betraying napoleon , deserved to be attacked . 
  nor have you told me how portugal deserved to be attacked for trading with britain , when as a sovereign nation , they should be able to trade with whomever they choose ? 
  nor do you make any attempt to engage with the idea that perhaps by annexing italy , the netherlands and switzerland , hardly major powers plotting napoleonic downfall , that perhaps the wars with napoleon were n't entirely unprovoked ? 
  all you have done is post a wikipedia article about the war between england and spain , a war due to spain 's alliance with napoleonic france , which in no way justifies napoleons deposition of ferdinand . 
  i 'm sorry but if you are just going to shout they declared war , i really do n't have anything further to add . 
  napoleon was not in power during the war of the first coalition , my friend . 
  the napoleonic wars begin with the war of the third coalition . 
  spain never attacked napoleonic france . 
  and yet , napoleon decided he would depose their king . 
  for no particularly great reason . 
  you called the royal families of europe inbred and afraid of him . 
  i 'm simply saying that napoleon was very interested in building a dynasty of his own . 
  he was hardly morally superior , if more aggressive . 
  please read your own link . 
  the anglo-spanish war ended when , lets see ...  the war ended when an alliance was signed between the uk and kingdom of spain , which was now under french invasion . 
  essentially , france used spain as a highway to portugal , garrisoned the country with thousands of french troops , then when the spanish people rebelled against the de facto french rule , napoleon deposed both the king and his son , and made his own brother king , an act with absolutely no basis in anything other than the backing of french arms . 
  spain had invaded france during the war of the first coalition , but had since established an alliance with france , starting the anglo-spanish war ( see your link ) . 
  i said his wars for a reason . 
  there were many opportunities for peace , but napoleon was not a peaceful man . 
  the reason britain entered war with napoleon in the first place was mostly due to how he behaved on the international stage . 
  to wit , he annexed most of northern italy , and invaded and created a puppet state in swizterland . 
  this is after invading egypt , of course , a campaign he personally pushed for . 
  perhaps the evil inbred monarchs of europe had forced poor peaceful napoleon to invade egypt ? 
  and his dynasty was so much more enlightened because ... they had the bonaparte surname ? 
  napoleon was an incredibly belligerent diplomat who had little interest in peace except with those he already dominated . 
  but no , please justify the invasion of spain , his own ally , and portugal , who dared as a sovereign nation to trade with britain , as defensive acts . 
  waterloo was a close run thing , but prussian action on the day was fairly marginal . 
  the anglo-dutch forces did almost all the fighting , made the old guard retreat . etc. 
  prussian forces were important strategically as their presence made sure napoleon had no hope after the battle . 
  but on the day ? 
  if you consider turning half of europe into puppet states run by his ... mixed ability cadre of siblings , which existed primarily to be sucked dry for his endless wars ... 
  better ? 
  then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  portugal and england forever bffs, 
  should n't forget the greek and assyrian genocides also . 
  their genocide is well and truly forgotten by most . 
  i mean , this man was an ss officer , and from the article : `` he was a dyed in the wool nazi and once thought that hitler was the finest thing ever to happen to germany '', 
  that 's not really true , to be honest . 
  the clean wehrmacht is a myth . 
  the wehrmacht were less directly involved with the holocaust , it 's true . 
  but they also were heavily motivated by anti-semitic , anti-slavic and anti-bolshevik propaganda . 
  characterising them as ` just conscripts ' with no political views is simply untrue . 
  the wehrmacht committed many , many war crimes , including mass killings of civilians and pows in poland , russia and belgium . 
  rape was commonplace . 
  collective punishment ( i.e. 
  massacre ) of entire villages for partisan action was another common crime . 
  as you might expect for a nazi army , these crimes fell hardest on jews and slavs . 
  as well as rounding up the jewish population , they too were often simply shot , including women and children . 
  the nazi wehrmacht were a racist , anti-semitic organisation that killed and raped thousands . 
  not all individuals necessarily participated , but many did . 
  you mean the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ? 
  the unionist northern irish were born in ni too , they have just as much right to be there as anyone else . 
  no matter the crimes of the past , those born there now are n't to blame . 
  northern ireland should unite with ireland if and only if the people there want it . 
  that 's the basic principle of self-determination . 
  well , i understand you do n't have a problem with it , but clearly the ulster unionists want to remain part of the uk .
