what about non eurozone eu members ? 
  that 's the city , yeah , but the thing people are referring to when they refer to london is clearly [ greater london ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_london ) , which is a very clearly defined area with a separate mayor and administration than the city . 
  actually , athelstan created england in ... 927 ish . 
  but for some reason , everyone pretty much skips straight to the bastard . 
  i do n't think that is how it is seen . 
  though that said , britain 's entry to the war was because of german violation of belgian neutrality . 
  so i suppose you could see it as more ` noble ' i 've never seen it claimed that it was about ideology and ` the british way , ' thougj . 
  the united kingdom of europe and we do n't have to have the french !, 
  perfect !, 
  well , its claim to legitimacy was a document claiming that the empire had been left to the popes , so the pope was allowed to confer the title of western roman emperor on charlemagne . 
  of course , this is all bollocks and the document was a pathetic forgery . 
  but you know , it did n't have nothing to do with the wre . 
  they claimed to hold that title . 
  i agree . 
  it is unlikely we will remain in the position we are in forever . 
  however , i do n't think that becoming a region of a gigantic country filled with people we often profoundly disagree with from a foreign policy perspective is our ticket to relevance . 
  i find that curve a little questionable . 
  ignoring the results up to 2014 ( the remainder clearly being speculative ) , it 's fairly clear that that curve is flattening , then the moment it gets into the theoretical , it suddenly drops off . 
  if i had to guess it looks like they 've just taken the average gradient and carried it on . 
  regardless , yes , i do believe that the uk will be able to protect her interests without the requirement of merging with a bunch of other nations with often divergent interests . 
  independent in the sense that yes , our nuclear program has strong ties with the us , it is still held and ( potentially ) would be used by the u.k. 
  admittedly it is n't as independent as the french program , but it 's fine for what it does . 
  is there though ? 
  we already have a respectable military , strong ties to a number of nations across the world , and are respected internationally . 
  we trade heavily with the eu already , without being part of the same nation . 
  britain also has an independent nuclear arsenal and a permanent unsc seat . 
  what exactly is the uk gaining by merging with the rest of europe ? 
  apart from reduced sovereignty and less and less control over our own affairs ? 
  this is exactly the kind of slow erosion of sovereignty that worries people about the eu . 
  you sign up for one thing , and the public are sold on that thing , and it 's fine , and then suddenly the deal has changed , agree to more integration or bugger off . 
  there is no real political will or popular support for using euro or being part of a united states of europe , and if it is forced upon the uk , it will likely only serve to drive us away . 
  to be as bad as italy , they 'd need invade say , spain at some point , requiring the allies to come bail them out as the campaign bogs down . 
  it 's not true though . 
  the scottish vote has only very rarely actually decided an election . 
  the balance of power will shift a little , certainly , but we are n't in for a thousand years of tory rule if scotland leaves . 
  we can hardly help it if you deliberately drive on the wrong side of the road . 
  why did constantinople get the works ? 
  they lied about meeting the economic conditions for entry , iirc, 
  scotland is generally pro-eu and leftie . 
  if scotland left , ruk would swing right . 
  and over here , right means euro-sceptic . 
  not surprisingly , when you own the three leading commercial tv channels , you can get a lot done in politics . 
  there are not only two options available to governments : total ban and free reign . 
  there is room between for reasonable regulations that protect public safety without bowing to sensationalist fears . 
  my point is , it reduces the market for gmos , thus disincentivising research funding ( sure , just scotland is not that much , but if other goverments follow suit ? ), 
  it also puts them in a position where they are unable to take advantage of such research , so the fact it is ongoing is kind of irrelevant until the ban is repealed . 
  plus it helps stoke unfounded public fears . 
  if it was banned , it must be bad , right ? 
  except why do that research in scotland or bother setting up a market in scotland when you 'll have to fight a political battle just to use the fruits of your labour . 
  i just do n't see precisely the point in acquiring an army made up of countries already our allies , which will do less than our current army and be less flexible . 
  honestly i think the primary issue with a european force is the exact opposite problem . 
  trying to get consensus over just about anything in europe is near impossible . 
  now you want to get it on * military action ? 
  * good luck with that . 
  a lot of it , yeah , but it will get a lot worse with a rapidly inflating drachma, 
  this middle ground is worst of both worlds for greece . 
  if they lose the euro they need border and capital controls to prevent their wealth from leaving the country . 
  it 's interesting that you bring up the point of legitimacy , because it is precisely that he lacked a certain legitimacy that made napoleon the warmonger he was . 
  as you pointed out , the legitimacy of the ancien regime comes from ` divine right ' and their bloodline . 
  it 's a mistake to simply ignore this , because while they may have , in some sense , depending on their soldiery to keep their throne , this was rarely tested . 
  why ? 
  because it was generally accepted that the kings were legitimate , and that the method of choosing kings ( by bloodline ) conferred legitimacy upon them . 
  napoleon , on the other hand , rested all his legitimacy only on his military prowess . 
  despite occassional fobs to revolutionary ideals , he was very much an autocrat , and certainly showed no interest in giving ` power to the people ' when putting his brothers and other relations on the various thrones of europe . 
  since his legitimacy rested only his brilliant generalship , he always felt the need to prove it . 
  so napoleon threw his army into war after war after war . 
  egypt , austria , prussia , russia , and least justifiably of all , his own ally spain . 
  usually , he won those wars , with varying degrees of success , often with high casualties on both sides . 
  he would then extract humiliating peace terms that all but guaranteed a future retaliation . 
  ultimately , i do n't think your two opinions you are swaying between are contradictory . 
  napoleon was an authoritarian who brought his country nothing but war and was a constant threat to the stability of all of europe . 
  he was also , without a doubt , an interesting character . 
  well there is a fairly large difference between a multi-party `` we 'll look at the constitution and devolution '' commitment mid-referendum ( i do n't believe they ever promised devo-max anyway , just `` more powers '' ) and putting devo-max in the queen 's speech on an arrangement with the snp . 
  what if the tories offered the snp devo-max , in exchange for not voting down their queen 's speech ? 
  ( assuming a hung parliament with conservative largest minority . ), 
  not saying it will happen , but someone mentioned it as an idea for the tories , and it would certainly be interesting . 
  the major cities of the empire were constantinople and thessalonica . 
  both of which were still in imperial hands . 
  but yes , not much of an empire anymore . 
  he actually originally offered his services to konstantinos , but he simply could n't afford him . 
  the name comes from the word from ` borderlands ' . 
  it 's like the netherlands , which means the lowlands . 
  it 's fallen out of favour in the last couple decades because of the way it demotes ukraine from a sovereign nation to a satellite of russia . 
  he was actually calling you a nationalist . 
  he meant something like :  luckily for us , nationalists like you, 
  the lovely fatherlorris plays with us too , and made a few comics about the previous games , if you 're interested : http://imgur.com/a/e2qfe, 
  it works ok . 
  it can be a little slow at times , and there 's not much diplomatic depth , but the scheming and personal stories are a lot of fun . 
  we just finished our eu4 game , and we 're starting a ck2 game this week !, 
  thread should be up some time today . 
  your game is at the same time as the / r/badhistory game !, 
  you monsters . 
  i would probably had trouble remembering a these rules anyways . 
  we 're the world champs at making up games !, 
  well , germany was formed in the 1870s , and they get to have a fancy hungarian name . 
  the joke is you got a word wrong that people sometimes get wrong ? 
  well 100 years ago , ucl and kings students were pretty much battling in the streets . 
  so there 's that . 
  as a ucl alumnus , yup . 
  our union sucks .
