scotland : [ cullen skink ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cullen_skink ) . 
  simple soup of potatoes , onion and smoked haddock with cream . 
  it 's not fancy but it 's bloody delicious and as much as haggis is the national dish i think skink deserves more recognition . 
  the majority of people do n't want special treatment , nor do they want out of the eu . 
  be careful about forming opinions of entire countries based on online right-wingers and tabloid newspapers . 
  would n't blame you , every decent person in this country is equally shocked . 
  ukip are the rapidly more acceptable face of casual racism and xenophobia and it 's not nice for the majority of decent minded people living here let alone the image it must project to the rest of europe and the world . 
  i was away travelling in nz for a couple of years and was in contact with a lot of american backpackers and while there was some semi-cringey apologetic behaviour from them not a single one would lie about their nationality . 
  i also did n't meet a single american who fitted into the stereotype of overly loud , cocky etc. 
  it might have been the nature of the fact that backpackers usually have little to be cocky about ( it 's a great leveller of people from all over the world ) but i can honestly say that i made some of the strongest connections with the americans . 
  it 's mainly french and spanish tourists in my wee bit of scotland , occasional canadians and americans . 
  ca n't say i 've noticed anything particularly distinguishing about any of them other than the ubiquitous camera in hand documenting everything they see . 
  language barrier does exist with some but nothing a bit of pointing and extremely limited high school french ca n't solve . 
  there 's chinese too but i 'm yet to be in contact with them , they do n't seem to visit the pub much which is invariably where a scottish person will talk to a stranger . 
  i quickly discovered it was something of a national past-time of the norwegians to offer foreigners local ` delicacies ' . 
  maybe it 's the scot in me but the only thing i could n't tolerate was the salty liquorice . 
  or we could just vote yes and get all the power . 
  fascinating , we get this in the uk too usually under the name `` billy bear '' . 
  i always assumed it was some sort of british food abomination . 
  lived in norway for a couple of years and loved it . 
  friendly people , a model society , food was a bit lacking but whatever its healthy and politics that align quite closely with my own . 
  some people would consider them quite socially reserved but i do n't see too many differences in that respect from the scottish . 
  i know it 's a bit of a pipe dream but if scotland could achieve something even close to what norway have i 'd be a happy man . 
  seems odd you 're being downvoted for stating a fact . 
  http://www.top500.org/lists/2013/11/ for the curious . 
  disappointed the uk places so far down , although i did hear about a new installation this year in edinburgh i think ? 
  im guessing some sort of favourable tax deal ? 
  i 'm not really sure . 
  beautiful women , great beer . 
  it 's been all over the website , tv news etc. 
  i just had a look out of my window to observe this chaos but could n't see anything but fields and cows . 
  let 's not generalise ok ? 
  rural life is nice across all of europe and moving to any large urban centre is going to be jarring for those used to the quiet life . 
  no it 's a problem everywhere because it 's becoming increasingly clear that you can not trust that you 're eating what you 're being told you are eating . 
  i realise that the continent has less of an issue when it comes to eating horse but i suspect this is just the tip of the iceberg , how do you think jews and muslims would respond to finding out they 've been fed pork ? 
  do you really not see the problem here , that supposedly highly regulated manufacturers have somehow managed to sell x as y and the potential for criminal involvement ? 
  i saw one , heavily upvoted , advocating killing all refugees as it 'd be cheaper than housing them . 
  did they fuck . 
  they settled immigrants in the shittiest , emptiest parts of towns they could find because there was empty social housing . 
  this seems to be lost on the hard right . 
  people are talking about it . 
  obviously the more politically involved are talking more but the media are bringing up the stories and i 'd be surprised if there was many who are n't aware of how the eu ref might trigger this . 
  it 'll get bigger no doubt , the snp have a pretty good reach and will make it known quite clearly what this potentially means . 
  i 'd like to think the rest of the eu would be right behind us in wanting to preserve our eu citizenship . 
  as far as i 'm aware , the country is running . 
  let me go look out the window and make sure though ... 
  it 's not their only one ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fagging, 
  conspiring to commit mutiny . 
  seek him out for court martial , that 's completely unacceptable . 
  you do n't just get to shitstir on that scale in the national media without repercussions . 
  gone to shit . 
  this thread makes my head hurt . 
  do people genuinely believe allahu akhbar is some sort of terrorist chant ? 
  you and me both . 
  nonsense , spain said no such thing . 
  it was implied that they might but they made no statements to that effect . 
  he 's an idiot when it comes to that too . 
  turn them back to where nigel ? 
  as usual the right wingers with their ` common-sense ' solutions really have n't thought them through . 
  he 's way too political and willing to stick his oar in , worse is that our politicians allow it . 
  someone needs to tell the guy to fuck off but nobody is really willing . 
  a disparity between scotland and ruk on the eu ref is the sort of fundamental change that would likely trigger a second indyref . 
  not ideal for you given you wish to remain part of the uk but if passed and eu membership sorted out you 'd at least still be in the eu . 
  are lithium supplies going to become a bit of a problem any time soon ? 
  i imagine in the past decade or two we 've massively increased our usage . 
  all pretty useful basic drugs there . 
  i see painkillers and antibiotics for sure which is definitely something i 'd like to have with me if i was about to travel across a continent with no proper access to local healthcare . 
  good luck catalonia !, 
  i 'm not giving up my cheap japanese used car imports !, 
  we 're perfecly capable of adapting to foreign lands where they drive on the wrong side , 
  ahem . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-29249577 the shite flows both ways . 
  see also any british newspaper comments section for roughly the past 3 years when discussing scotland . 
  ours reflects the general gloominess of the uk i think , muted colours ... not really suited for high temperatures . 
  france seems to go for the chanel 9 neus scorchio aesthetic . 
  they control many populated areas . 
  a sensible tactic i 've no doubt they would follow would be to simply hole up in a densely populated area thus ensuring that any attack will kill civilians also . 
  i 'm not convinced that isis can be crushed with bombs . 
  you can do damage in key areas but ultimately the fight is with an ideology and one that spans borders . 
  the inevitable killing of innocents that comes along with airstrikes would just encourage further radicalisation and sympathy for the is cause . 
  i 've also no doubt that western military action could result in areas being taken from is control but would require long term occupation to maintain . 
  if we just do an iraq all over again the result is pretty easy to predict . 
  ehhh , that 's debatable . 
  ukip showed next to no interest in scotland in the ge , they could n't even cobble together a manifesto for their scottish branch and seemed to spend the entire campaign insulting the country . 
  their support in scotland is miniscule and they lost deposits in most seats . 
  i know they claim to be a uk party but let 's face it , they 're england & wales . 
  i 'm reasonably confident if the argument is made that a yes vote will stick one to ukip then the young people will come out . 
  it 's all about the campaign . 
  given that the no campaign is going to be dominated by ukip then i 'm going to go ahead and guess they 'll not have the same success . 
  let 's face it , for a good chunk of the population ukips involvement is an automatic reason to oppose and i ca n't see people turning to support a campaign led by them . 
  that whole sub is pure cancer . 
  it 's recognised that these people are a minority . 
  they 're just very active on this sub because europe is something they care a lot about and feel the need to talk about whereas the average person is quite satisfied with the status quo and does n't frequent / r/europe . 
  i do get a bit sad that this is the image of the uk that any other european will see on here though because it 's not the truth . 
  good lads . 
  very happy for you ireland !, 
  two dickheads , one being slightly more of a dickhead than the other . 
  you really think it 's going to shut up the kippers ? 
  they 're not just going to go away following a no vote , that 's an absurd assumption . 
  likewise for the eurosceptic trolls in the tory party , if you keep electing them they 're not going to suddenly become pro-eu are they ?
