  we only need to negotiate about price . 
  [ who says that ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country ), 
  and put an elevator on that wall . 
   they will try to go through croatia and slovenia . 
  and experience double checking . 
  their better option is to go to albania and then to italy from there . 
  they have montenegro , albania and greece to smuggle people into italy . 
  they will go through the italy . 
  did you read the text ? 
  i am speaking about ww2 crimes . 
  oh look , the civilized croats , were croatia and bosnia found guilty for over 100000 killed serbs in the most sadistic kind of ways ? 
  when these countries accept the genocide , we will too . 
   nice topic switching there . 
  it 's not topic switching , the situation in sarajevo is not bearable . 
  try being a serb in sarajevo . 
  oh , let 's see , when we did it , it was ok but now when serbs want to do the same `` genocidal maniacs '' `` assholes '' `` scum '' `` mongols '' `` turks '' `` gypsies '' `` carpathian goatfuckers '' . 
  could slovenia and croatia do that without seceding from yugoslavia ? 
  and how many serbs are there in sarajevo , you can count them on the fingers . 
  remaining serbs in fbih would sell their houses as soon as someone offers them a decent price to get the fuck out of that shithole . 
  that 's what happened last month when isis fighters offered serbs to buy their houses , all of them sold their houses except some guy which came back from germany . 
  how about the parts where they want to turn bosnia into a unitary state . 
  rs is here to stay . 
  why should we show an affection towards people that want to kill all of us ? 
  this month they beat the shit out of some old fart with diabetes in sarajevo just because he had a shirt with double-headed-eagle , are we supposed to live in the same country with that kind of people ? 
   it 's not like they started killing you immediately . 
  serbs accepted all the peace deals given by the international community while the bosniaks rejected all . 
  serbs would have settled in 33 % of territory of bosnia but bosniaks simply wanted whole of bosnia for them . 
  now let them live in the shit they created . 
  even the first victim of the war was the serb on a wedding . 
   at least bosniaks have a noticeable opposition that 's not nationalist and that 's trying to calm the situation down , to let the wounds heal . 
  where is such an opposition in srpska ? 
  thanks but no thanks , just for the bosniaks to respect the dayton and everything will be fine , there will be no secession . 
   i 'll bet you do n't like how croatia expelled its serbs after oluja do you see anyone giving a fuck ? 
  maybe if oric did n't escape from srebrenica mladic would n't have killed all the others . 
  it was interesting for him to provoke and then when the devil himself came , he escaped as fast as he could . 
  and so what , they killed 3000 of ours , we killed 8000 of theirs . 
  it 's just a score . 
  go suck a dick , bosniaks were just bosniaks , they were no yugoslavians but now you expect serbs to declare themselves as bosnians . 
  do bosniaks want to live with the serbs or not because they did n't show any sign that they will welcome serbs into bosnia ? 
  so , you want for them to claim that they are bosniaks themselves ? 
   serbs went in , killed women and children not really , srebrenica is called male genocide for a reason . 
  no women or children were harmed . 
  they were evacuated . 
  he asked for tl ; dr, 
  they will put more tanks on the border of the rf , more rockets in the kaliningrad and etc. 
  learn to read cyrillic , it will take half a month to learn it . 
  it 's fairly easy to understand text . 
  [ for serbia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ns510oqkgka ), 
  [ serbs are evil , what can i say . 
  ] ( http://img.thesun.co.uk/aidemitlum/archive/00241/f_200610_october10s_241692a.jpg ), 
  they are just showing affection towards buddhist religion . 
   you are right . 
  awful people . 
  see them everywhere i go these days . 
  see , that 's what i am telling you guys , whenever i go outside in the belgrade i see montenegrins . 
  even when i enter uprava in some mesna zajednica , it 's full of montenegrins , really awful people . 
  well sre . 
  happened after the genocide convention was made . 
  still it is not even by older laws , all the things up i said are not recognized or partially recognized . 
  for example the ustashe crimes are partially recognized , no country is held responsible for it . 
  neither is armenian genocide , it 's also rejected as a genocide by the uk and the usa . 
  nope , serbia will enter as the first country that committed genocide into the genocide convention . 
  hehe , our politicians already signed a deal where nato can use the territory of serbia and they did n't ask anyone about it . 
  we do n't border albania , we border albanians . 
  austria has the most stationed troops on the kosovo also in the bosnia . 
  and the biggest head ( something like president ) of the bosnia is austrian . 
  serbian flag ... check !, 
  feels fine, 
  nope , i am just advocating the removal of benefits for the montenegrins . 
  they left our union in 2006 yet they still have all the benefits like they are the citizens of serbia . 
  edit : also i am a montenegrin myself as is 50 % of serbia so i do n't really get why would speaking bad about montenegrins be considered racism or something similar . 
  good news , then we should close the borders with macedonia , montenegro and little albania edit : we should also send back albanians that escaped to serbia when that shit in macedonia happened and all the montenegrins from the belgrade . 
  we need more of these songs . 
  [ pa dobro se drzi za uzde ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crnivqqot1c ), 
  they have gas , oil , tourism , also the war ended in 1995 for them , they also have access to the serbian custom union while serbia does n't to croatia 's . 
  on the other hand serbia threw a lot of money onto the kosovo ( about 600 000 00 euros every year and more ) , had to house 500 000 refugees , got out of the sanctions in 2004 , blocked from using nuclear power , nato destroyed every single factory and part of the infrastructure . 
  tito - 35 years on the power milo djukanovic - 25 years on the power , ten years more and he is the new tito . 
  believing what danas says . 
  draza just spews pro-western propaganda ( the worst kind of it ) and half of the times his sources are his ass . 
  russia did n't support actions by serbia back then and supported all sanctions against it . 
  they only got mad later about kosovo ( which is a different thing ) . 
  edit : however there is a possibility for them to expand the list . 
  one may wonder if srebrenica is genocide then why does sumarice , armenian genocide , sisak , jasenovac are not recognized as one . 
  in all cases it will be interesting . 
  serbia got from the un embargo after october of 2001 and out from the sanctions imposed by the west in 2004 . 
  it 's kinda strange seeing that we were even that big . 
  gdp is the better indicator . 
  look at croatia , it would seem that the standard in croatia is better than in hungary while the hungary has bigger gdp but it 's the fake standard , that 's why their debt is going up fast . 
  the difference is that we want bosnia fucked up . 
  they want to live with us then they should accept our flaws . 
  actually the difference was bigger than it is today . 
  they were 3 times richer , now they are only twice . 
  you are seriously comparing b92 with klix.ba , i dare you to go to b92 and find comments about butchering people and how people deserve to be butchered , raped and what not just because they belong to a certain ethnic group . 
  go visit klix.ba the biggest news portal in the bosnia and read the comments about multiculturalism . 
  what 's funny is that all comments are like that , there is such a great creativity there . 
  it 's not like i lied , over 90 % of the serbs want to secede . 
  are more nationalistic . 
  than serbs . 
  actually even the 45 % is far off , our army is the size of the estonian one and if you look at it compared to the population size , we are the smallest army in europe ( and we are not even a nato member ) .
