even through i would vote for milanovic over the others if he `` would have by any chance become a candidate in serbian elections '' , he is still an idiot , macedonia gets overwhelmed , serbia and hungary send police there to help enforce the border with greece , ostojic starts shitting over `` christian neighbourhood '' . 
  wave lasts for 3 months , belgrade gets overwhelmed , at one time there were close to 60 000 refugees located in serbia , most of them in belgrade . 
  milanovic says that he expects 1000 refugees daily in croatia which gets most of serbs thinking `` is he sleeping in a cave without the access to the internet or newspaper because he god-damn sounds out of his mind '' . 
   there are n't any refugees trying to find peace in serbia . 
  sorry but serbia already gave 700 asylums in the last months . 
  but you are mostly right , out of 150 000 only 700 asked for the asylum in serbia . 
   they go through on their route for more benefits in the eu because they already had safety in turkey and lebanon . 
  it 's impossible for turkey and lebanon to give even the most basic stuff to them ( not that the turkey is poorer than serbia , it 's just that there is too many refugees for an integration into society ) , that 's why they move to the west althrough the majority are aiming really high ( germany , sweden , austria , etc. ) . 
   and then there 's the majority that are purely economic true, 
  sorry but even through i know this will bite me/us , i am still `` pro-refugee '' . 
  i think that we should welcome all refugees that are trying to find peace in serbia . 
  [ there is this video about some refugee kid ] ( https://vimeo.com/5227124 ), 
  i actually know a couple of serb families that live by harvesting `` sekundarne sirovine '' ( i think it 's translated as secondary resources ) , they go harvesting bottles after the concerts are over , go junkdiving , etc. 
  and i am speaking here about serb families , not about roma which do the same and also as you can see by this article , the hungarian children too . 
   why serbia is not building a fence ? 
  sooner or later cro/hun/bih will have fences . 
  what are serbs waiting for ? 
  have you seen what happened to macedonia , we would have been called hitler jugend version 2.0 and westerners would have probably called un meeting to discuss about us . 
  macedonia already closed the borders once , hungary and serbia even sent army there to help macedonians protect the macedonian border but macedonia was pretty much cruciffied by the west after that . 
  croatia is not balkan !, 
   we planned to open the border and we waited 4 days for that , 4 fucking days , vucic even gave him one more day after he promised that he will take the measures at 14:00 . 
  unless you plan on distributing migrants while pointing guns at them , i do n't see a point in believing that migrants will stay in the ee . 
   what does serbia do next , in response to croatia 's countermeasurers ? 
  nothing , no really , nothing . 
  [ vucic said that serbia will not answer with countermeasures ] ( http://www.b92.net/info/vesti/index.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=09&amp;dd=24&amp;nav_category=11&amp;nav_id=1043329 ) it was a logical move , there is nothing to gain if we did the same and forbid the entrance of croatian citizens into serbia , we would act like a ram ( sheep ) on a log if we answered . 
   despite the fact that they were very harsh in condemning hungary they were also harsh towards serbia while hungary still did n't have the fence , for like 3 months they were shouting how serbia and hungary are inhumane towards migrants and how they will accept migrants much better . 
  croatia is officially clinically insane . 
  i do n't even know what the hell are they doing ... 
  elephants also have burials and respect for the dead , game over . 
  so what , they disturb the peace of the dead ? 
  dead will become vampires and suck the blood of everyone ? 
  serb graveyard in croatia, 
  because those are the serb graves hehehe , i laughed, 
  yes but even like that , for your public services to relly only on one service provider is stupid . 
  in serbia the owner of almost whole infrastructure is telekom serbia but even then the network of public institutions is independent from the isps and by muncipalities even by institutions themselves ( hospitals are not in the same network as police ) . 
  you can call 192 in serbia from every network regardless of which sim card you own . 
  still ca n't believe you got paralized , there was simply no reason for it . 
  now doing something like this on telekom serbia will probably do a lot of damage even through the public services would function fine , i bet our banks are not that protected and telephony + internet in serbia would be finito . 
  how come croatia does n't have independent network for public services ? 
  i thought you guys were more serious country than we are . 
   at least 3000 refugees got in last night , and increasingly more are coming with each hour despite open border crossings with hungary at hogo\u0161 . 
  that 's 2000 less than the number of refugees that entered serbia at the same time . 
  but milanovic already did that for us , he closed the entrance into serbia . 
  well , she did n't lie ... 
  we are not channeling them , it 's where they want to go . 
  they are already informed about the wall on the hungarian border ( even those who are coming to serbia ) so croatian government is full of shit . 
  the number of people daily entering serbia is about 5000 . 
  it says in the text that serbia did n't block the entrance of croatian ( from the croatian border ) trucks into serbia and that the traffic there is normal . 
  croatia is just playing some shitty games . 
  tl ; dr of article . 
  croatia stopped the import and transport of serbian goods . 
  if it continues serbia will block the import of croatian goods into serbia . 
  well , my boyfriend is one filthy pleasure and i like him like that . 
  then it makes you a big idiot , hope you die in a war . 
  serbia is dead and you ca n't kill what already is dead , you can only contract a disease . 
   and what if i am a nato soldier ? 
  can i be offended then ? 
  no , you need to be dead then . 
  [ you mean aid like the one usa puppies croats sent to syria ? 
  ] ( http://brown-moses.blogspot.rs/2014/03/isis-deploys-croatian-weapons-against.html ), 
  not really , they need visa to enter into the eu and their asylum requests are rejected always ( but then again the number of kosovo serbs asking for asylum in the eu is really small ) . 
  [ there is this article on b92 ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/crimes.php?yyyy=2011&amp;mm=11&amp;dd=11&amp;nav_id=77289 ) [ and on independent ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/serbs-murdered-by-the-hundred-since-liberation-1128350.html ), 
  i am not speaking about organ trafficking , these are just small drops in a sea . 
  there were hundreds of murdered serbs since eulex took the rulership there , they prosecuted less than 10 people all these years , this is not some propaganda it 's the official statistic of the eulex . 
  actually i do n't , i hate the eu but i support what the majority wants . 
  by `` that would be good '' i meant that i would be ok if the majority voted for the politics of vucic that he is pushing now . 
  but majority simply did n't vote for that so it 's not good . 
   serbs , russians , dogs , bulgarians, 
  same shit, 
  vucic is just shitting and doing almost all the opposite of the things in his election program by which he won . 
  ok , except the gay pride , nikolic was clear that he and his party were pro-pride at the elections . 
  well , americans are like that , do n't worry , nothing new . 
  he should have killed them instead of working for them but humans make mistakes . 
  that would be good , if serbia wanted to get into the eu , but it does n't . 
  you should see our hot major of serbian army helena . 
  maybe by some obscure marginal groups like obraz i sl . 
  but even the most rightist dveri said that they support civil union . 
  so by marriage we are speaking about the right to adoption . 
  still i am not quiet sure why they did n't change the laws , it looks like they are planning on milking that question for a long time since it brings a lot of money . 
  you should accept all from serbia especially the ones from the southern parts of serbia instead of sending them here armed . 
  i could use both ... 
  we serbs are just dirty turks, 
   specifically , what can europe collectively do to improve the situation with the migration influx ? 
  what do you guys think ? 
  what can your country and our union as a whole do ? 
  we can shove all immigrants into croatia ... 
  but the reality is that there is only russian gas , you liked it or not , do n't you think that we would prefer that croatia had a lot of gas ? 
  it would easily give us the access to the cheap energy and would bring down our importance in geopolitical bullshit ( albanians would n't call for the separatism like they called a few days ago and our people would n't shout `` yankee go home ! '' ), 
  c'mon , you do n't have `` enough '' gas even through you have enough to export , this is one of those bullshit us stories they are selling to the balkan population . 
  do you see the things us promised , it was 2 years ago how they were proposing gas from croatia , usa , etc. , they did n't even start building the shit , everyone knew it was bullshit here in serbia . 
  your plan is shit , bulgaria and hungary would pretty much lean to the russian side while poland , romania and slovakia would lean to the anti-russian side , actually majority of things would be different not even croats or slovenes would join you given that they will prefer germany and austria . 
   our pm said croatia wo n't ask for any funds because we 're not accommodating anyone and we 'll not turn ourselves in a concentration camp for eu to cherry-pick migrants out of true that but you idiots could have at least prepared ( or warned ) your bus drivers/companies to switch the lines towards slovenia/hungary . 
  if you looked from their interviews before the closing of the border serbia-hungary , they spoke as if they did n't believe that serbia one day hosted 60000 people in belgrade and that the number of people entering serbia and macedonia was in hundreds , not thousands . 
  istvan my son , you already built a wall confirming these borders . 
   you ca n't do shit . 
  actually i do n't need to do anything , they have the legs , i 'll just brainwash the refugees how nice is the welfare in germany and croatia . 
  did serbia call these immigrants ? 
  no , therefore shut the fuck up or we will flood the borders more . 
  but we were never bullshitting world how open and how multicultural our society is , time for you to finally do the right thing and accept the refugees like you all said that you will . 
  we will make one just for you , albanians are getting extremely annoying in serbia .
