  considering that albanians called 5 days ago for the independence in the presevo ( serbia ) it means that we are lousy butchers . 
  i 'd still kill them all , they are getting annoying . 
   we are still the most open society . 
  good , time for you to get more immigrants . 
  it 's funny , there is simply no hospitality in the west , they are all lying assholes , they were always xenophobic , they were just hiding it better . 
  we will just expel all albanians to make the room for syrians . 
  almost all of them were registered . 
   of course not . 
  no one is insane enough to use lethal force against unarmed civilians . 
  do n't know , croats have experience on shooting refugee convoys after-all . 
  not really , they will change in a 5 years like they always do , 
  croats are noble iranians , these immigrants are their brothers , why would they do that ? 
  it 's nothing new , have you checked the pictures from serbia , macedonia or hungary ? 
  croats are just dicks with their dickwaving how they are always better than serbia , at the time when just belgrade had 60 000 refugees in it they and their politicians were bullshitting for a couple of days how they will be better hosts than serbs and now they got struck at 11 000 . 
  on the other hand bosnia is already experienced so they will manage the situation much better . 
  from serbia and macedonia ? 
  you are joking right ? 
  140 000 refugees passed through serbia in these last months and days . 
  they are not going to the fbih but to the rs given that rs is bordering croatia . 
  [ what can i say ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtga0jvhp2a ), 
  more than 8000 flowers , well , this is what croatia wanted ... 
  you could say that croats finally got flowers/cvijece . 
   a stop to illegal human transporting over mediterranean sea . 
  international waters so it 's not illegal . 
   to be honest , i 'm not sure what your point is in response to me . 
  hungary did n't call for the refugees , croatia did . 
   wait until croatia has 20,000 of these folks coming per weekend . 
  who gives a fuck , they were saying for weeks how they are better hosts than the serbs and how they will accept refugees with warm hearts . 
  let them do that if they want . 
   maybe it 's the problem in the eu countries for badly managing the situation . 
  majority registered in serbia , i do n't get your point , maybe it 's the problem in the eu countries for badly managing the situation . 
  do you really believe that orban would have built the fence if he did n't get the green light and money from the merkel ? 
  actually that page was made by the serbs ( if you mean `` dear refugees : welcome to croatia '' ), 
  small dick syndrome . 
  you probably live in democracy \u2122 if it 's censored for you . 
  edit : the stream is bad and has artifacts , looks like their drone was hit by something . 
  well they could move to croatia , it 's not a bad country , actually it 's one of the richer in the europe . 
  it 's also in the west and we could [ help them with the housing ] ( http://inserbia.info/today/2015/09/serbs-from-krajina-offer-their-properties-in-croatia-to-syrian-refugees/ ) . 
  i agree !, 
  pipes explode from the pressure killing everyone inside the room . 
  welcome to the club of the countries that killed more jews than the germans , my name is serbia . 
  actually their manual says to go through serbia and hungary for being atheistic and to avoid croatia for being a christian country . 
  they probably mixed bucharest and budapest on the bus . 
   ( or at least the kfor forces ) you mean eufor and unprofor ? 
  they are pretty much non-existent . 
  kfor is on kosovo ( you get what the k in kfor stands for ), 
  well the average wage in serbia is 250 euros . 
  the welfare for asylum seekers is 50 euros and a place in collective center , there are also no jobs therefore asylum seekers do n't even have the access to the most basic help guaranteed by the un ( they will hunger most of the time ) . 
  serbia already had a lot of african refugees ( not the muslim ones ) but was fixing the problem by giving a piece of arable land to them so they pretty much lived from exporting food to the russia and germany . 
   is asylum in serbia really that bad ? 
  it is . 
  because they were n't put there by the serbian army so there are no blueprints . 
  it was pretty much villagers putting mines around their houses and properties . 
   but they really have no obligation to take them . 
  really ? 
  and we have no obligation to keep them in our country . 
  they were already in greece and bulgaria therefore on the territory of the eu but they shoved these immigrants into serbia , therefore we will shove these immigrants back into the eu territory . 
  if we put our military on the border with macedonia we would be accused for being xenophobic country , the eu would open a case against us . 
  we are just doing what they want . 
  and serbia has 500000 roma , 250 000 of them naturalized so 250 000 that identify as roma . 
  you only forget that we were like 3 times accused for genocide . 
  member slobodan \u0110inovi\u0107 co-founded the centre for applied non violent actions and strategies , ( canvas ) , an organization that advocates for the use of nonviolence resistance to promote human rights and democracy . 
  established in belgrade , canvas has worked with pro-democracy activists from more than 50 countries , including iran , zimbabwe , burma , venezuela , ** ukraine ** , georgia , palestine , western sahara , west papua , eritrea , belarus , azerbaijan and tonga and , recently , tunisia and egypt . 
  oh the irony , jana korbel speaks about her persecution ... 
  the number of people killed in odessa 46 , the number of people killed in racak 48 . 
  i think they are same . 
  are you kidding me , the golden era of having 486dx with turbo button , using altavista for searching foreign sites and krstarica for domestic , spending countless nights shitposting at pricaonica irc and paying millions of dinars for 042 gost gost shit . 
  if they want to do a hard labor then let them do it , who gives a fuck . 
  nobody is forcing them , it 's their choice . 
  stupid bulgarians , we told them what is going to happen , that nobody in the west gives a fuck about them , that if they rejected ss they will still buy the same russian gas only for much much bigger price . 
  they get 700 $ of social help from the german government as the asylum applicants even if they are rejected . 
  that 's as much as doctors earn in serbia . 
  add that they go as a family so it 's usually 5 times 700 which is 3500 $ . 
  should i say that it takes 3 month for germany to process asylum seekers . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  hey , at least in 80 % of the movies we somehow always smuggle a nuclear bomb into the usa . 
  how bad motherfuckers we are ... 
   but i 'm not sure if it 's worse than the turbo-folk infused image bulgarians have of serbia . 
  [ za drustvo iz bugarske u cosku ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyh0iw2vkbw ) [ and this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9pjpiiutvy ), 
  so what , asian people and especially vietnamese people were always shown as the bloodthirsty in the hollywood , far far worse than the serbs . 
  and russians , they are the bad guys in almost every hollywood movie . 
   three states that have recently been touted as having governments with authoritarian tendencies . 
  and who the hell keeps the state of authoritarianism in serbia ... ? 
  10 in 10 serb people know that they are in hell !, 
  actually that part is `` fuck year ??!? '', 
  with only a couple of guys saying it . 
  they sound like they came from the serbian asphalt ( by their usage of turko-serbian slang ) yet it 's definitely not serbian language . 
  [ hehehe !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihnugaaea4m ), 
   nah , \u0107 and \u010d sounds are very distinct . 
  but not in croatian way , if ya know what i mean . 
  so def bosnian . 
  as is in montenegro  yeah i am sure vienna these days is full of old-slavic-celtic-illyrian-serbian shepherds from middle ages ... what i meant by that is the parts north of sandzak where some parts of population still speak like that ( however their number is really really small ) . 
  the most funniest thing is when he starts chasing them at the end . 
  well , it 's not that obvious . 
  montenegrins , starovlasi ( serbs ) and sandzaklije also speak like that . 
  how do you know that they are bosnians ? 
  according to stats : most subscribers enjoykin , the most active is grandproduction edit : i realized that we really are a little russia, 
   he has all the right to be drunk and shout as much as he wants in his country !, 
  he does n't have the right to shout in the public place ( \u0443\u0437\u043d\u0435\u043c\u0438\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0430\u045a\u0435 \u0458\u0430\u0432\u043d\u043e\u0433 \u0440\u0435\u0434\u0430 - breaking public order ) , however you are generally right , it 's his business and if everyone attacked him for shouting it would be calculated as the assault given that he is not beating anyone , he is not even provoking anyone .
