  bullshit , there are no eu laws except anti-monopoly which they pulled as the last resort that can legally block serbian trade with russia . 
   i thought it was `` warning '' only . 
  and what 's the difference , our government did n't want to try and see if they are serious . 
  they can always destroy it if they want . 
  but west in general was more like that than the east . 
  first because of the communism but even before the communism . 
  i am not speaking only about germany . 
  eu forbid serbia to raise ( actually more like to `` orientate '' ) the export to russia . 
  izetbegovic said that he is later going to go through knez mihailova . 
  he is imitating vucic . 
  goran bregovic too . 
   all humans have the same basic human rights when they are in europe no , they do n't have . 
  no worry . 
  we are usually mixed with the siberians , this is new . 
  that is not serbia but slovakia !, 
  western countries are closing their eyes on persecutions in serbia , all the applicants from serbia have a god damn good reason for asylum . 
  i guess it 's because of the civil war . 
  [ that 's because our version of history is true ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqta9lnnity ) ^ ( and confirmed by official history from the west ), 
  dying for us bankers in 2015 , you got ta be shitting me , i 'd run the hell out of serbia even on the first sign of war . 
  [ i do n't think they want to meet our military ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq_j2c6hrz0 ), 
  read yugoslav constitution , it states clearly if they have the right to leave ( actually `` change the borders '' ), 
  central government does n't like pork meat . 
  i am dead serious , usa and uk do n't recognize armenian genocide . 
  i am dead serious , usa and uk do n't recognize armenian genocide . 
  it 's not like you are any different . 
  serbia now needs to accept srebrenica genocide and the dissolution of the rs to get into the eu . 
  rejects the path towards eu and in a couple of weeks gets a couple of terrorist attacks in bujanovac and sandzak . 
  the people with the = u = on their hats . 
  dooh . 
  pokret nasi a.k.a irrelevant extremist organization in serbia that ca n't get more than 20 people . 
  maybe you should read the drafts, 
  actually the uk recognizes that armenian thing as `` crime but not genocide '', 
  wanted to say 150 000 , accidentally the number of serb death in ww2, 
  it was n't about srebrenica but about declaring serbian people genocidal ( a thing not even german or croatian people got and giving west the opportunity to change the structure of the population in bosnia ) so give me a break , if the death of 150 000 serbs is not a genocide then this thing is n't either . 
  and before you all start i should remind you that serbs accepted all peace deals about bosnia before the wars . 
  well , jasenovac is not recognized as a genocide . 
  there are more montenegrins in serbia than in montenegro so i am not sure what the hell are you talking about . 
  maybe you should tell all that to the israel , they are sure that banjica was located in serbia and that dusegupka was driven by the dragan . 
  one fact is simple , there was only one cc in serbia and that 's crveni krst nis . 
  still you switched the subject to serbia , why does n't croatia recognize a genocide towards 150 000 serbs that died in the croatian concentration camps ? 
  cool story bro , but belgrade was still part of the ndh when the crimes happened and the ones exterminating jews were germans operating under the laws of the independent state of croatia , not serbia . 
  and please do n't tell me that a totally irrelevant marginal extremist party that never ever passed the census in serbia and got installed by the nazis after the heavy bombing of serbia was killing serbs in massive numbers , it 's like a total shock . 
   german-occupied serbia/belgrade -- august 1942 [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] take the ww2 map and see the name of the country where the concentration camps were located in belgrade and on the territory of which country were they executed . 
  let 's see , is killing of 150 000 serbs in concentration camps in ww2 considered a genocide ? 
  rts , grdelicka klisura , chinese embassy , hospitals , use of cluster bombs , etc. 
  these all are civilian targets . 
   most of them are butthurt because gb is leading the accusations . 
  actually the documents were and are being written by croatia and slovenia . 
  uk is just standing behind them . 
  [ sisak concetration camp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sisak_children%27s_concentration_camp ), 
   why not play nice ? 
  what is the point in looking over neighbour 's fence and saying `` well , his house looks even worse than mine '' ? 
  what kind of justification is that ? 
  a defensive one when one wants your extermination !, 
  it 's simple , if dayton stays and we will accept that we are animals . 
  in other cases they will need to kill us all . 
   there is nothing wrong and unpatriotic about saying `` yes , we 've committed crimes , yes , these people are guilty and yes , we are going to punish them '' . 
  not because the eu expects you to do that but because you do n't want people who kill and rape to be a part of your society . 
  serbia 's reputation would be far better if the country did that without prompting and pressure . 
  croatia 's too . 
  cut the crap , we all know what this resolution is about . 
  we already gave all of our people who were killing and raping to the courts . 
  should i remind you that only 7 % of the mobilized serbs fought in the war . 
  the government of serbia recognized srebrenica as the crime against humanity , they would even recognize it as the genocide but not with these conditions . 
  edit : added `` of serbia '', 
  is there any reason for serbia to play nice to croatia ? 
  the war ended 20 years ago , serbia sent all kind of apologies , accepted croatian export to serbia after croatia got into eu . 
  and what did they give in return ? 
  a resolution for srebrenica genocide , the same country that does n't recognize the murder of 150 000 people in the most brutal way as a genocide ( they were even the among or probably the first country in the world to have a concentration camp made specifically for the children . 
  were also were creative in exterminating children with taking their eyes out , chopping off their legs and arms , smashing their heads with hammer , etc. 
  ) , a country that has an open nazi in the european parliament , the biggest party with slogan `` against the serbs and communists ! '', 
  ( to be greater irony there are no serbs in croatia , about 3 % ) , a president that called open-nazis as the main guests on her inaguration , a country that invaded serbia twice , an eu and nato member that 's having phobia from a country with the army the size of the estonia , a country where general population is breaking all the tables written in the cyrillic , a country that together with slovenia partitioned serbia into 3 parts , etc. 
  i could go on forever ... 
  you said that we celebrate our war crimes , srebrenica is not an example of that since even the extreme politicians ( like seselj ) consider it crime against humanity . 
  so give me an example !, 
  it 's not like we ever asked you to be our friends ... 
   but history says you dont . 
  show example !, 
  it 's not like we wanted to be judges of the ukraine-russia shit , we just got the bad luck . 
  \\  caring about ukraine ... or about osce in general . 
  oh , give me a break , we do n't doubt that 4th reich is incomplete without serbia , they just need it little shorter , without raska , vojvodina and presevo . 
   dying for obama in 2015 please !, 
  vatikan with the usa . 
  imagine all the americans compressed into a space as big as vatikan . 
  perfect . 
  take a note that 30000 who requested asylum is only for serbia for a little less than half a year so we are not speaking for the ones who get through the balkans avoiding serbia , the ones who got over italy , spain and even those who passed through serbia undetected . 
  basically europe is popping up one medium sized city per year and that all is without calculating russia . 
  [ eh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shlxxcgdrhs ), 
  damn it , [ this reminded me of a scene in some serbian comedy movie about war in yugoslavia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybqlj7koc0i ), 
   then maybe it 's time for deratization . 
  good luck with that . 
  just thugs attacking migrants for money . 
  while you are right about it that the thing did n't start by the west , the thing is that west is constantly pouring fuel into the fire . 
  maybe ^ ( if europe did n't suffer from the hyperproduction ) . 
  that 's where the scandinavia comes in play with their soc . 
   maybe its because austria and finland have military conscription its easier for us to imagine actually fighting for our countries . 
  hahahahaha , good luck with that . 
  i 'd run the hell of in the first sign of the war . 
   where the hell do you think eu should put them ? 
  poland does n't have minorities , they are also big and relatively rich country , they could put 30000 people there without feeling any economic burden or the change in the population .
