  it is now that the isis took a big chunk of the country , xexexe ... 
  jesus christ as the lord saviour, 
  yes but the majority of serbs are atheists and oc is just noisy because they are dying , they are constantly ridiculed by the majority of people , they do n't have any power . 
  on the other hand from my experience majority of croats believe in the super jew, 
  [ oh , such a great plan ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq_j2c6hrz0 ), 
  ah , that 's normal of croatia . 
  on the other hand , they demanded from us for their export to stay in cefta so that they can sell their inferior products here . 
  it 's funny that they are taking away from bosnia the same thing we gave to them . 
  he ca n't be arrested since he is under the jurisdiction of the un and our politicians are to bored to go into documentation exchange with the un . 
   i do n't know where the fuck did you pull your information from his facebook . 
  they should have set the embassy under fire . 
  were taxes in croatia or slovenia bigger than in serbia ? 
  were taxes in croatia or slovenia bigger than in serbia ? 
   if most of major projects during yugoslavia werent in serbia . 
  can you name these projects that were financed by slovenia or croatia ? 
  so , according to you yugoslavia = serbia even through it was ante markovic the ex-croatian president that ordered the invasion of slovenia and even the fact that the only 15 % of serbs and montenegrins were members of the jna when jna was attacking slovenia . 
  not to say that milosevic started the whole war by demanding shortened yugoslavia ( yugoslavia without slovenia ) in which he sabotaged the jna . 
  nice switch of the subject army means shit since yugoslavia had among the worst armies in the europe . 
  france , britain , ussr , turkey were all more powerful than the yugoslavia so that formulation means shit , we could have conquered albania . 
  edit : also the story how slovenia and croatia were feeding serbia is also bullshit ... [ slovenia got 35 billion of deutsche-marks from serbia ] ( http://www.protivzaborava.com/wallpaper/nemacka-ratna-odsteta-posle-drugog-svetskog-rata-u-jugoslaviji/ ) and not to calculate how much raw material serbia threw into slovenia . 
  and do n't forget that tito moved the factories to the east because of the `` russian threat '' unless you think that croatia and slovenia are closer to the russia than serbia . 
  7 % of the mobilized people ... 
   well you tryed to smash it with 4th biggest army in europe that we mostly financed . 
  do croats really believe in that ? 
   albania , estonia , latva , lithuania , poland so , it 's basically the butthurt belt of the europe . 
  yanko tsvetkov , he is our southern neighbours or bulgarian ^ ^ ^ most ^ ^ ^ probably . 
  [ muh ... ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/wait-good-point_o_1144675.jpg ), 
  actually `` vacation '' for turkey is maybe the best description . 
   unreliable bullies unreliable yes , bullies no . 
  they liberated belgrade , helped us in ww1 , etc. 
  no , there were n't . 
  dveri ca n't be taken into account because they have marginal support . 
  just because they are noisy means shit . 
  deal !, 
  were you ever in serbia my over the drina ex-brother ? 
  shut up and give aleva, 
  by that logic poland , serbia and russia are hipsters , we did that before it was cool . 
  then we switched back to hating homos . 
  edit : i do n't even want to speak about greeks, 
  i would vote for the gay marriages , i do n't know for what the masses would vote . 
  i think that the independent research about that was never done in serbia . 
  is there a reason why we should hate russia ? 
  if he is wrong then why does n't kosovo get the seat in the un ? 
  bring it on !, 
  it 's mass indifference . 
  i do n't think that people really care about gay people here . 
   is this due to our very invisible position on the world stage mostly because of that . 
  i think that there is no particular feeling towards baltics except towards lithuania ( they have skills with the ball ) . 
  actually most people do n't even know that estonija and letonija exist ( on the other hand everybody know for litvanija ) . 
  give me a break , these people would kill us the same moment they got the chance . 
  what 's the point when russia and nato can crash these small countries in no time . 
  yes !, 
   sjenica let it explode . 
  having enforced conscription in small country is idiotic . 
  pristina airport incident was after the breakup . 
  edit : kumanovo agreement was signed on 9 june 1999 and incident was on 12 june 1999, 
  how , when , where ? 
  culture of not giving a fuck . 
  you know when you enter gaming cafe and everyone is high and smoking cigarettes , you have to get addicted . 
   all risk - no reward . 
  there is a reward , you get to leave this terrible life earlier . 
  then i end in smoking paradise . 
  ah , good old cancer sticks , we are together for so many years . 
   published on the skai website . 
  oh , god . 
  nothing important . 
  there is according to the radio free europe . 
  they said that nudity in serbian media is responsible for the growing of aggressiveness in serb males and partly in females . 
  i like milka so i guess no ... 
  croatia should have called albania and montenegro to the parade . 
   serbia stands as the `` last eu ally '' of russia and america would do anything to get them . 
  still sounds like bullcrap, 
  us embassy in serbia before we put it into flames was probably the only us embassy in europe that was fenceless . 
  edit : they did n't even have the bars on the windows . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita ), 
   according to wiki right now uk actually violates as many of the entrance criteria as albania and serbia do . 
  what entrance criteria does serbia violate and from which wiki source ? 
   to help some orthodox country hehe, 
  what kind of bullshit is this ? 
   `` two factors make serbian membership essential for the eu . 
  first , we 're talking about the biggest and most prosperous country in the balkan region . 
  this is the factor of regional security and stability , which europe ca n't ignore , '' serbia is neither the biggest nor the most prosperous . 
  it 's not even the factor of regional security and stability , serbia has army the size of estonia , at least we can poison our enemies making them delicious dishes full of salt so that their blood pressure goes up . 
   `` also , under no circumstances should brussels push serbia to choose between the eu and russia , considering belgrade 's warm relationship with moscow . 
  if serbia is pushed too much or made to choose between its future eu membership and keeping warm relations with russia , it could bring the country on the brink of a catastrophe , as it happened in ukraine , '' why ? 
  russia has next to no political influence in serbia , not to say that moscow is 1000km away from serbia . 
  there is no way that they have any reason for military involvement in serbia which brings us to the conclusion that the only ones threatening serbia with invasion are the countries of the nato . 
  if he means about economy then he is right . 
   `` serbia can play a key role in developing better relations between russia and the european union . '', 
  serbia is totally irrelevant as a country therefore ca n't be a key role in anything . 
  it 's simple , west needs a pawn and serbs generally do n't give a fuck about being pawns in their geopolitical games . 
   no , just suspend/delay accession negotiations they would have done that long time ago if they wanted but they did n't . 
  and what will they do ? 
  bomb us ? 
  i mean i do n't doubt that they will find a veiled motherfucker that will start planting explosives in the sandzak ( just like kirby promised ) but do you seriously believe that serbs give a fuck about that durka-durka-stan to defend it . 
  kosovo officially put into their constitution that the land of kosovo is defined by the 1974 yugoslav constitution , explanation : they want to encircle trepca complex which means kopaonik and parts of raska . 
  usa simply wants to take fucking everything while giving nothing in return ( ok they do give ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ bombs ) . 
   was n't serbian agricultural production last year hit by the previous flood that got half of the country underwater ? 
  it did . 
  but still it wo n't stop the export simply because no matter how much we produce we will always have the buyer .
