  edit - yes you can downvote this , it happens to be the truth in investment terms from the very beginning . 
  the differences between interest rates for the long-term debts of the various eurozone countries have never been removed . 
  10-year italian government debt has commanded a different interest premium over german government debt , as does greek government debt for example . 
  since these are all obligations to repay euros , this implies that lenders feel safer with debts of the german government than the others . 
  in other words they attach a non-zero probability either to the default of the other governments or to the exit of these countries from the eurozone and always have done . 
   oh yes . 
  we may not like the eu , it 's not like we want to drop out of it , or want our government do some dumb populist thing . 
  neither does a majority in the uk want to drop out of it but we certainly do n't think allowing the rest of the eu to effectively impose a lop-sided tax would be the right thing to do ; if that , in your view , is a * dumb populist thing * then well ...  our pm is very well informed what the different parties consider imporant before he enters negotiation . 
  it is nice that you have such high regard for your pm - i too absolutely trust my pm to do the right thing regardless of party . 
  for example , although i am not a natural supporter of t blair , when he went to re-negotiate the rebate i trusted him to get reforms to the cap - which he did . 
  it is not his fault that this has not happened with the full fucking aiding and abetting of the eu commission - this is disgraceful and how you can not see that we have many times bent over backwards and still got fucked by the eu you can not be surprised that we are less than happy with it . 
   how do you think a sane democracy works ? 
  give into every populist emotion ? 
  we complain about everything , but what we actually want , what we expect from our politicians , is something way more complicated than you could possible express in a single poll . 
  because you know , we 're not really experts about everything . 
  this is just condescending . 
   there is a large majority that prefers to have this euro stuff just pass through without a hickup , eventhough it 's not very popular with the people . 
  and everyone is all right with this ? 
  as i said above , about four weeks ago , there was a rash of very ugly anti-german comments that quite rightly were condemned . 
  i have been told to fuck off in virtually every response i have had from the eurobots this last two days . 
  ( mind you that is not very many times - the british argument is actually unassailable ) . 
  it was a slight exaggeration - which i thought was appropriate and fitting for the hysterical state that r/europe is in at the moment . 
  about four weeks ago there were very many posts from dissatisfied southern europeans making unpleasant and unnecessary comments about germany , which i and all right minded people downvoted or openly challenged . 
  right now i am being told britain should fuck off in every other post and our dear european ` friends ' sit back and laugh or join in . 
  hmm ... rutte is probably more annoyed that he is going to be pushed into having either a referendum or an election depending on what this treaty actually says in march/april . 
  ah , is that the rebate we get because we do n't get any cap money ? 
  of course those contributors who pay in # 100 in the front door and then slink round the back to get # 80 of it back are not getting any special rights at all ... 
  what , exactly , are these special rights please ? 
  elaborate . 
  i watched this mornings session - it was not as one-sided as this report makes out . 
  there was also a lot of anger from meps about the way the individual parliaments and europarliament has been sidelined . 
  the meps speak turn about depending on which group they sit with and there was not uniform anger at the uk . 
  as would sarkozy challenger de villepin . 
  the european union as a single trading market with freedom of movement and federal oversight of some things is an excellent idea and indeed it does work . 
  however , that is not what the eurocrats want it to be - they simply want a single , political entity regardless and are hurrying to do it leaving populations behind . 
  the euro is an example of that - a unified currency could work once equality of conditions had been established but that will take decades . 
  they could not wait and pressed ahead with what can only be described as a vanity project even though continuing enlargement means that economic equilibrium throughout the eu is further away than ever !, 
  yep the two europes . 
  one where france ... * deported fellow eu nationals back to romania in breach of freedom of movement . 
  * blocked north africans with legal schengen visas from entering their country from italy . 
  * accepted a 25 % reduction in the british rebate in exchange for cap reform , there was no cap reform . 
  * regularly breached the agreed budgetary conditions supposed to have been implemented by eurozone governments . 
  ... but is still a good european . 
  and the other europe where britain ... * follows every rule and regulation to the letter and gets scorned for it . 
  * where significant areas of british industry are actively undermined in direct contravention to european law and in contravention of fundamental european principles ( see the ecb attempt to ban dealing in euro-denominated financial products outside of the eurozone ) etc etc ... and is a very bad european . 
  yes indeed - a two-speed europe . 
  from the article -  according to the imf , british taxpayers have shelled out # 289bn in `` direct upfront financing '' to prop up the banks since 2008 . 
  add in the various government loans and underwriting , and taxpayers are on the hook for # 1.19 tn . 
  actual facts are a # 65 billion of real cash from the government to rbs and lloyds as equity injections . 
  that is in the 2011 budget . 
  my extremely powerful google-fu can find no reference to this # 289bn imf figure - and being an imf figure it should be very easy to find . 
  this # 1.19 trillion the author is foaming about , that number includes guarantees for interbank lending , deposit insurance and rbs asset protection scheme etc = all of which # 0 has been financed [ ie . 
  no cash has changed hands ] and total of # 0 of losses have occurred so far . 
  only costs for taxpayer has been administrative costs . 
  i appreciate that this is a comment is free piece but as the strapline goes ` comment is free but facts are sacred ' . 
  there are very few facts in this article aside from the author 's name . 
  our debt is insured - france has been acting as a guarantor for vast amounts of italy 's debt . 
  also the nature of much of what appears to be the uk 's debt is actually different from the french ( and others ) debt as the graphic and elsewhere decribes . 
  amongst others spain owes * uk - $ 74bn * france - $ 112bn * germany - $ 134bn italy owes * uk - $ 55bn * germany - $ 120bn * france - $ 310bn edit - to add [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-15748696 ), 
  i agree , and that may be very soon - both italy and spain have huge debt repayments/refinancing due before april ( eur250billion between them ) and the french banks are exposed to the vast majority of this ( hence the s&p thing the other day ) . 
  the uk actually does not hold much italian or spanish debt so we will be looking on , sympathetically , from the sidelines ... 
  i ca n't help the feeling that with m. sarkozy all of this crap is based on ' i have an election next year look at me sticking it to the rosbifs ' . 
  his potential opponents hollande and de villepin have already said they will be renegotiating any treaty on this assuming that it has been agreed and signed by the time the elections in france happen ( april ) which let 's face it it wo n't have been . 
  with germany , the whole bunch of headlines about the uk has very helpfully hidden the fact that not one thing has changed , not one thing will be likely to change for at least a year and it is a question of whether the eurozone will be able to hang on for long enough and whether the german public will countenance pouring in more cash to keep it afloat during that time . 
   including $ 100billion by italy before april actually [ $ 200billion ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-11-13/europe-s-banks-should-keep-dumping-italian-bonds-to-cut-risk-clausen-says.html ) of italian government debt will mature by april 2012 . 
  sorry but this is a gossip , whispers from the corridors of power piece . 
  do you believe that people who move in those circles do n't gossip and backbite ? 
  it all seems pretty reasonable to me for what it is . 
  if one were a conspiracy theorist , one might assume that the ftt point was put in there by sarkozy ( election coming up ) precisely to kick the uk in the bollocks . 
  if the experience of sweden is anything to go by , any ftt would have a hugely disproportional effect and unpleasant effect on the uk . 
  in [ sweden ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tobin_tax#sweden.27s_experience_in_implementing_tobin_taxes_in_the_form_of_general_financial_transaction_taxes ) ( in the 1980s ) they had a tobin tax - during the first week of the tax , the volume of bond trading fell by 85 % , even though the tax rate on five-year bonds was only 0.003 % . 
  the volume of futures trading fell by 98 % and the options trading market disappeared . 
  once the taxes were eliminated , trading volumes returned and grew substantially in the 1990s . 
  imagine instead , that something was put in affecting the cap - france would * never * sign up to something that would affect it by one cent never mind billions of pounds . 
  cameron did the right thing - i can live with the gloating of sarko , he will have problems of his own coming up with his share of the $ 1 trillion of debt interest and repayments that eurozone countries have to come up with in the next 12 months . 
  bollocks - i look forward to the labour party between now and the next election grandstanding about how they would not have said no . 
  the hol has done a huge service to us since the eighties , throwing out all kinds of swivel-eyed guff from both the tories and labour - and you wish to replace them with a bunch of time-serving political apparatchiks ... 
  this is just nonsense - and btw we are the third largest manufacturer in europe behind germany and italy ( we often swap places with italy ) . 
  i am also not caring for a continental social-democracy system where they sign up for shit without consulting their parliaments . 
   regarding spain , it really scares me shitless that anybody , even if you were the head of the ecb , which is probably not the case , could just come in and say what the `` right '' gdp/debt ratio should be . 
  which is precisely what merkozy have got all bar one to agree to ... 
  i should add that whilst spain 's public debt was falling in those years that you say - its external/foreign debt went from 700billion to 2000billion us$ - that is a huge rise in such a short period and about half the size of germany 's with nothing like half the size of germany 's economic base . 
  yes italy has been a basket case for decades ( but on the plus side it has the second largest manufacturing base in the eu so it has always been able to get by ) . 
  spain has traditionally had a much lower debt burden in comparison with the rest of the big eu countries because it has simply been a less mature economy , plus it has problems of low growth ( pre-dating any financial crisis ) with horrible unemployment , poor manufacturing base etc etc. 
  so simply having a gdp/debt ratio of between 50-60 % is not good enough in an economy like spain 's - 20 % -30 % is what it should be . 
  italian public debt has been above 100 % of gdp since at least 2003 whilst spain 's has ranged from 53 % to 63 % between 2004-10 . 
  what is ` out of control ' ? 
  if by ` out of control ' you mean governments ( and indeed individuals ) who borrow and spend when they have not got the means to do so then yes , that is out of control for sure and the agreement to draw up a treaty has not changed that one tiny little bit , particularly as it consists of absolutely the same fiscal rules that the whole of the eurozone ( with the exception of finland and luxembourg ) have been riding roughshod over for years . 
  i feel that you simply wish to blame the banks , the markets , finance and everyone except where blame lies - the governments and their electorates . 
  further conversation is fruitless . 
  possibly - so what ? 
  the us$ is the world currency - trading may take place in us currency/financial markets and have nothing much to do with the us at all . 
  subprime lending = making loans to people who would not ordinarily be offered credit . 
  in the usa , policies were enacted to extend credit to people ( poor people who work but could never get on the mortgage ladder ) via things such as the housing and urban development ( hud ) . 
  naturally in an economic down turn these people were/are often the first to lose jobs and to default on repayments leading to the massive losses by freddie mac and fannie mae ( the us government had to bail these out ) which led to a crash in confidence in the markets . 
  this is well known ... 
  brought about by well-meaning social * government * policies in the us leading to a housing bubble . 
  easy credit ? 
  the us federal reserve ( a public ( * government * ) / private body lowered interest rates and then hiked them . 
  yes - because not everyone is like you ; people will buy stuff on credit when they should not .
