  2008 was decades in the making - spineless and/or greedy politicians who insisted on bread and circuses everyday to buy the votes of their electorates should be bearing the blame not casting about for scapegoats . 
  finance does serve the economy and like any human undertaking there will be crooks and liars but the ludicrous demonisation of banking and finance by more than culpable politicians is simply ridiculous . 
  where do you live ? 
  in rented accommodation ? 
  how did the landlord buy the house ? 
  how did the original builder fund the building of the house ? 
  how did the brickmaker fund the purchase of a kiln to make the bricks ? 
  how did they fund the purchase of materials to make the bricks before they had the money from sales of said bricks ? 
  this is what finance does . 
  virtually every bit of infrastructure that you use , every piece of technology that you own etc comes about via financing through loans , project finance , lines of credit . 
  this constant 4th form ` banksters !!! 111 !! ', 
  cobblers is just ignorant . 
   an industry that does n't produce anything except crashes this is pure , unadulterated nonsense . 
  indeed , the eurozone is in trouble because they did not stick to their own rules - everyone broke the fiscal rule except finland and luxembourg . 
  those same rules are to be written into this proposed treaty ( and that is all it is at the moment - an agreement to set up talks to build a treaty ) . 
  those same rules call for sanctions on countries that break fiscal rules to be penalised except when they wo n't be . 
  in the past greece and ireland were supposed to be sanctioned but were not , germany and france broke the rules on numerous occasions - sanctions were not even considered and neither will they be in future as they will always be able muster support to block a vote . 
   i might be wrong but right now a united europe is the only reasonable option for germany and it 's economy . 
  i dare say , and therefore it is entirely right that that is what your politicians work towards . 
  it is not , however right for britain or what people want so i hope you will agree that it is entirely right for our politicians to politely say no thank you . 
  i realise that - my response was to eberkut 's non-existent point . 
  apology accepted . 
  i agree that the way people blatantly use misleading arguments is irritating - on both sides ; i am by no means a eurosceptic but am annoyed at being portrayed as such quite often . 
  i imagine it is the same for those on the other side of the debate . 
   at least europe has an elected parliament ... 
  i have not noticed the european parliament ( containing meps that i actually voted for ) being involved in these negotiations at all . 
  i read a riposte to that which said that france is behaving like someone taking someone else 's wife to a wife-swapping party ... 
  nobody would say that but our trade gap is currently very low owing to an upsurge in manufacturing exports ( we are the 3rd largest manufacturer in europe behind germany and italy ) . 
  we ai n't dead yet and i have to say that much of hand-wringing and gnashing of teeth is remarkably similar to when we did not join the euro , when we left the erm etc etc. 
  coming from the same voices pretty much also ... 
  they may be surprised - only 3 days ago the grand commission in finland were expressing caution on signing things without regard to the constitution for example . 
  do you really think that the treaty negotiations will go without people being asked to making concessions such as roi on corporation tax ? 
  concessions that will have a large impact on ireland 's already struggling economy whilst actually being beneficial to other , better placed economies . 
  sure , i can see everyone happily agreeing to everything ... 
  the ` duh ' was unnecessarily rude . 
   7 without asking their parliaments fuck everything about that . 
  gloat away about our isolation - that is disgusting . 
   act done against the will of the people . 
  pretty noticeable that those countries that actually * have * to consult with their national parliaments/people before making such agreements have either said no because they already know the answer ( uk , hungary ) or because they have to consult ( sweden , czech republic ) . 
  there are others who have agreed to start to draw up this treaty eg finland , netherlands and one or two others including possibly germany , who are going to have to work hard to persuade their parliaments that none of this is unconstitutional . 
   goodbye democracy on the continent possibly hyperbole but anyone who is not made , at the very least , slightly uncomfortable by the way the greek and italian governments were changed has very different ideas about democracy than i do . 
  agreeing to a new treaty is not at all the same as actually having a new treaty . 
  negotiations for it will take at least a year and many of those at the table will have various ` red lines ' . 
  considering that the [ finns , dutch and irish ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/8944323/euro-summit-rocked-by-row-over-veto-plan.html ) have already been making noises about what their red lines may be , as well as the endless legal challenges about use of eu-wide resources for this club-within-a club plus various constitutional challenges from various members states , i really would n't regard this matter as done and dusted . 
  i personally will wait until the treaty has actually been drawn up and signed with pen and ink by all the countries involved . 
  interesting that only the undecided sweden and czech republic actually have to consult their national parliaments about this . 
  i took a look around when i was shopping today - nothing like 25 % of people were even chubby never mind actually obese . 
  i suspect the questionnaires were done in hospital/doctors surgeries where already unhealthy people were visiting , many of whom had health problems as a result of their weight . 
  so hardly a random sample of the population then . 
  true up to a point . 
  there was a global slow down , sweden was most severely affected and instead of spending/fiddling the books for a way out as others did ( it simply could n't afford it ) went the austerity route . 
  other countries have done this also - canada is notable right now for hardly being touched by the latest financial drama . 
  sweden . 
   following years of crazed property speculation and deregulation of the scandinavian country 's credit markets , sweden 's banking and financial service bubble burst in the early 1990s amid a global economic slowdown , landing it in its deepest economic crisis since the 1930s . 
   the swedish government took control of its struggling banks in exchange for emergency aid , thus making the taxpayer footing the bill owners of the ultimately valuable assets . 
   once the crisis was over , the swedish state sold off nearly all of the nationalised bank investments , getting back most of the money that had been pumped into the sector . 
   sweden also cut public sector jobs , slashed pension and unemployment benefits , sold off publicly-owned companies and hiked union membership fees as part of efforts to stabilise the economy and its public finances . 
  anders borg and carl bildt had a piece in the ft about this , you have to pay for the link . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.swedishwire.com/politics/6895-swedish-model-guide-for-british-austerity-plan ) however is a piece that goes on about it . 
  as someone else has posted elsewhere - the cover has been [ censored ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zz0fe.jpg ) using the ` one breast is art , two are porn ' metric . 
  divorce . 
  another interesting piece about this from [ the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/charlemagne/2011/11/future-eu ) which quotes barrosso disagreeing with sarkozy ...  * let me be clear -- a split union will not work . 
  this is true for a union with different parts engaged in contradictory objectives ; a union with an integrated core but a disengaged periphery ; a union dominated by an unhealthy balance of power or indeed any kind of directorium . 
  all these are unsustainable and will not work in the long term because they will put in question a fundamental , i would say a sacred , principle -- the principle of justice , the principle of the respect of equality , the principle of the respect of the rule of law . 
  and we are a union based on the respect of the rule of law and not on any power or forces * and joschka fischer seeming to agree with sarkozy ...  * let 's just forget about the eu with 27 members -- unfortunately , * he told die zeit * i just do n't see how these 27 states will ever come up with any meaningful reforms . 
  * who will ms merkel listen to , i wonder ? 
   a game is fair if a ) the players are of similar influence or b ) there is a superior authority that makes sure there is no abuse of power . 
  in the past no such thing existed in europe and it led to tensions . 
  the deck was stacked from the start of the eurozone . 
  from the beginning some eurozone members were more equal than others . 
  for example , various rule breaking over national fiscal control were condemned when it was some countries ( portugal , ireland ) , ignored when it was others ( france , germany ) . 
  attempts may have been made to set up a ` superior authority ' to oversee the eurozone project but this authority was at odds with various national constitutions ( germany 's for example ) negating that authority from the start . 
   we can also observe similar imbalances on a global scale . 
  they will get larger in the future as developing nations become heavy-weights . 
   in the foreseeable future no global superior authority will exist to address that . 
  yes . 
   at the same time europe can address both its internal imbalances and its global relative decline by communalising two key policy areas : economic and foreign policy . 
  that has been tried so far through intergovernmentalism with varying success , to put it lightly . 
  i do n't see how we could resolve these problems without democratically federalising those areas of policy . 
  from the very beginning of the european project , communalising economic and foreign policy has been a dilemma - starting with the rejection of the european defence community by france in the 1950s . 
  democratic federalisation does not appear to be on the table at this moment - it seems to be the collapse of the euro vs an undemocratic federal european superstate ( i am talking about this article on the frankfurt group here ) . 
  yes , globalisation strongly suggests that europe 's best interests lie in a ` united states of europe ' but in many people 's minds ( not just eurosceptics ) this suggests a neo-liberal militarised superstate rather than a force for peace , development and social and environmental progress . 
  i have no clue what the answer is . 
  i will say that much of the integration has struck me as being ` revolutionary ' ( rushed through without giving time for considering what the positive or negative outcomes may be - driven by politicians rather than people ) rather than ` evolutionary ' ( democracy takes time to grow and ripples outward rather than happening overnight in one ` big bang ) . 
  nice explanation ... 
  oh really ? 
  explain . 
   germany has somehow positioned itself as the leader of the eurozone . . 
  in fairness germany has pretty much been pushed into being ` leader of the eurozone ' . 
  i am pretty sure the germans are n't keen to be doing so much of the bankrolling . 
  frankly , if they were n't germany with all the historical baggage ( that others take advantage of ) , they would have been far more strict about telling other eurozone countries to get/keep their houses in order . 
  i would n't blame them . 
  could n't agree more - and they continue to fail at creating an adequate and fully democratic political framework , in fact they are moving further away from such a thing . 
   create a loose union with strong nation states yes , this is certainly what many people in the uk thought the eec was and would like the eu to continue being . 
   complain that there are strong nation states within the eurozone there is only one strong nation state that actually has a voice it seems , germany . 
  this is not germany 's fault . 
  there are however other eurozone states who have been equally prudent , such as the netherlands and finland who are being utterly excluded from any decision making process whilst being asked to stump up the dosh . 
  this can not be right . 
  what is it they are not understanding ? 
  i am willing to be enlightened as to how increasing the undoubted democratic deficit of the eu is a good thing .
