  why ? 
  as a country that is a leader in green energy with more and more sustainable energy sources coming on line , the uk is actually doing very well at decreasing reliance on fossil fuels . 
  * i added the below to back up my point as i feel r/europe would benefit from facts rather than electioneering statements by politicians and other often admirable but entirely agenda-driven organisations . 
  as others in this thread have said the uk is making great strides in the direction of clean energy with increasing percentages of output coming from solar and wind power . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/news/290-million-boost-for-clean-energy-in-britain from the above link ... 
  there has been # 52bn of investment in renewable energy in the uk since 2010 , and for the first time ever exactly half of the uk 's electricity came from low carbon sources in the third quarter of 2016 . 
  the latest contracts will help the uk build on this success . 
  the uk is making significant progress in reducing harmful carbon emissions . 
  provisional figures released last week show the uk is halfway to meeting its 2050 target for greenhouse gases reduction , with emissions 42 % lower than in 1990 . 
  he works in a gift shop ? 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/uk-terror-plot-met-police-four-men-arrest-east-london-plan-attack-islamists-isis-mi5-searches-a7740961.html about cage - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/cage_ ( organisation ) an amnesty international person , gita sahgal was sacked for criticising this group and people associated with it - in february 2010 she was suspended by amnesty as head of its gender unit after she was quoted by the sunday times criticising amnesty for its high-profile associations with moazzam begg , director of the campaign group cage ( formerly cageprisoners ) , that represents men detained at guantanamo under extrajudicial conditions . 
  she referred to him as `` britain 's most famous supporter of the taliban '' . 
  amnesty responded that she was suspended `` for not raising these issues internally . '', 
  speaking in her support were the writer salman rushdie , the journalist christopher hitchens and others , who also criticised amnesty for this affiliation . 
  begg disputed her claims of his jihadi connections and said that he did not consider anyone a terrorist who had not been convicted of terrorism . 
  in 2002 the fn got 18 % of the vote . 
  the last 15 years of policies in france and europe have got them to 35 % . 
  the next 15 years will be interesting , i 'm sure . 
  * edit here are some news stories from the days following the 2002 presidential election : [ france , they say , must start seriously examining why nearly 20 % of the electorate - six million voters - saw an answer to their woes in the far-right veteran jean-marie le pen , and why a further 20 % could not muster the enthusiasm to vote at all . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/1970561.stm ) [ many voters perceive a link between crime and immigrants ; that combines with anxieties about job security , blamed on globalisation or sometimes the eu , and with disgust at political corruption . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/1944157.stm ) [ the new minister in charge of domestic security , nicolas sarkozy , 47 , will have the task of tackling the law and order concerns which prompted many voters to back mr le pen.mr sarkozy , previously mayor of the wealthy paris suburb of neuilly , is seen as a hardline conservative . 
  a top business executive , 62-year-old francis mer , becomes finance minister . 
  he is co-president of giant steel firm arcelor . 
  and career diplomat dominique de villepin , 48 , who is mr chirac 's chief of staff and close confidant was given the foreign ministry . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/1974785.stm ) plus \u00e7a change , plus c'est la m\u00eame chose . 
  so tomorrow when macron has won 65 % of the vote , what will do to address the fact that a third of the electorate wants someone like le pen ? 
  absolutely - the current [ eu commissioner ] ( https://euobserver.com/political/136435 ) ( who got the role after being voted out by his own countrymen ) is totally against any [ tax evasion ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/tax-haven-luxembourg-juncker-in-a-bind/a-18045875 ) at all ... 
  regrettably , i believe this leak was sanctioned by the eu negotiating team . 
  this type of shit and the increasingly ludicrous estimates for the ` divorce bill ' will make hard brexit a certainty before the actual talks have even begun . 
  what i would like is for the eu negotiators to behave like professionals as opposed to the those making ignorant and inaccurate leaks to newspapers and dreaming up these numbers up on the hoof , increasing them on a weekly basis . 
  i fully understand that making brexit appear as ugly , expensive and unpleasant as possible is necessary to the eu * pour encourager les autres * ; that 's fine but a hard brexit will be unpleasant for all . 
  hardly ` quite densely populated ' . 
  cornwall has a population of 155people/km ^ 2 . 
  so not densely populated at all . 
  frankly , any politician expressing anti-israel positions would have most of / r/europe voting for them . 
  [ is conflict : how is it getting hold of weapons from the west ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38048482 ), 
  i do n't know where this image is from , but there is no way south west england is that bright . 
  [ here ] ( http://blogs.ft.com/photo-diary/files/2014/10/europe_nasa_reuters.jpg ) is a nasa photo . 
  these particular talks have already been delayed ; the italians had a constitution referendum which caused the hold up - r/europe had a massive cow over that too , massive anti-italian threads everywhere . 
  aka the gateshead flasher . 
  if your cv is full of gaps you wo n't be getting a job any quicker than someone who has filled those gaps with mwe , voluntary work etc etc. 
  sounds more like mandatory work experience to me , in which those who have significant gaps in their cv ( more than 6 months out of work ) go to work for various businesses , local charities etc for a couple of months . 
  thanks very much , interesting story . 
  also i liked too greek : did n't read . 
   currently form the most entrenched opposition to a pan-eu professional id system , suggested as part of the planned overhaul of the single market act , precisely for fears of further and easier immigration , having now the government they do . 
  id cards generally are a very unpopular notion in the uk full stop . 
  nothing to do with us being racist , isolationist , xenophobes at all . 
  anyhow i get the message from r/europe generally . 
  the uk has always believed in free trade , free movement of capital and free movement pf people in the eu . 
  did you miss that bit where at each accession new members ' citizens were free to wprk in the uk . 
  how different from france and germany . 
  who , by abandoning fundamental eu principles , is guilty of economic dumping ? 
  lol - txampion . 
  upvotes for you baby ( although i prefer your ` pay your taxes ' warcry !, 
  well geographically you might make a case but we absolutely have shared cultural values . 
  it ai n't the culture of our neighbours that anyone i know has a problem with . 
  maybe a few ` wogs begin at calais ' nutters ... 
  we are not shunning the project . 
  however we should have a say in the direction that the eu takes . 
  we are pragmatic europeans - free trade , free market , free movement etc. 
  we do this ( eg allowing new members to ply their trades in the uk ) in stark contrast to those paragons france and germany ) . 
  what i ( a committed european ) do not want is piling error upon error of leaping ahead with grand plans without sorting out basic problems first . 
  as i said above the creation of the ez was a major error of doing all the fancy political stuff without having the proper foundations . 
  we are firefighting unnecessarily and actual real people are suffering thanks to politcians who would not see further than their place in the history books . 
  the uk was criticised then and it gives me no pleasure to say we were right that fiscal union at that moment was wrong . 
  everyone knew that some economies were simply not ready and everyone tirned a blind eye to those cooking the books . 
  i do believe that in time the will be a federal europe but not if we carry on without sorting out those foundations that were relevant 30 yrs ago and making sure there is greater economic kparity between east/west and north/south europe . 
  why is this remark downvoted . 
  it is manifestly true ffs . 
  honestly i popped out for an hour and downvotes all round for anyone who is not on the more federalisation train . 
  there is nothing wrong in principal with ever closer union - how it comes about is the major issue . 
  the whole ez crisis is an example of how it was done wrongly - wild grandstanding without ensuring first that the right mechanisms were in place first . 
  more of the same is not te answer . 
  sort out the cap , make sure the newer members are up speed economically and socially , knock the brussels/strasbourg caravan on the head , do something about the democratic deficit etc etc. 
  just pressing on and on without sorting basic stuff like this out will not be winning any referenda anywhere never mind the uk . 
  the veto was not unrelated to ukplc interests and neither would ukplc be unaffected by the proposed financial transaction tax . 
  any prime minister from any eu country would rightly oppose any agreement that hit their own national interest to such a degree . 
  keeping the cap the way it is suits the one country that scoffs + / -50 % of the whole budget . 
  we should renegotiate it as was agreed years ago . 
  it is not the uk dragging it 's feet over this and it is precisely this sort of thing that pisses people off - we follow the rules and are endlessly criticised ; others ride roughshod over the rules and not a word is said . 
  indeed . 
  when cameron used the veto everyone else agreed to agree to have an agreement then started backtracking the moment they got home ( eg sweden , nl , ireland ) . 
  we are just upfront about it . 
  jesus - i know !, 
  if we left ( and we wo n't ) our relationship with the eu would have to be redrawn . 
  the suggestion is that the uk would not be ` allowed ' to do this . 
  why would we lose access ? 
  would we not be like norway or switzerland ? 
  or would spite refuse the uk that option . 
  the germany who was the first ez member to break the fiscal rules and was too big and powerful to fine making the entire thing toothless indirectly leading to the endless fiscal rule breaking by everyone bar the netherlands . 
  i personally do not wish to leave but . 
  . . the holier than thou stuff spouted by some on here is ridoculous . 
  blair gave up 25 % of the rebate in order that the cap would be renegotiated - something that would sppeed up development in the newer members to the east . 
  i wonder why this has not happened yet, 
  to be fair , they always existed - they just had different names . 
  in my day it was the 6th form disco . 
  talk to some scottish fishing communities ; the eu is very popular with those people as it is where i live in the south west of england ... 
  do n't worry , the elgin marbles are being properly looked after . 
  they have said they may move to an elected head of state which is nothing to do with leaving the commonwealth .
