   so let 's negotiate . 
  put the rebate on the table but put the cap on the table too . 
  i 'd be up for that . 
  we did - blair agreed to a 20 % cut in the rebate ( done ) in return for a revamp of the cap ( not done ) . 
  as far as i know we have accepted eg the rules wrt electricity market etc. 
  my supplier is french owned for example as are parts of the water , railways etc. 
  there are some directives that we are supposed to comply with by 2014 that we ( and others ) are behind with at the moment , but this is not the same as the ` picking and choosing ' that generally goes on with every other country . 
  why this is n't endlessly picked over on r/europe the way the uk is , i simply can not imagine ... 
  opt outs were within the rules agreed with everyone at the time - we played by the rules . 
  the list of countries not completely opening their markets in certain areas numbers 27 . 
  way too many pots and kettles to count in this thread . 
  the uk rebate was negotiated with everyone agreeing that the uk did not benefit as much as others from the cap . 
  the uk then took a 20 % cut in this rebate because others agreed to revamp the cap recognising that a 1950s vehicle was not suited to the rapidly changing eu of the new millennium . 
  the revamp has n't happened yet ... 
  the uk is ' a la carte ' re europe ? 
  that there is the problem . 
  we ai n't - we accept every rule and regulation even when we do n't believe in them . 
  other countries accept the rules they like and ignore the ones they do n't . 
  hardly surprising that it is a point of debate in the uk ( and elswhere ) . 
  what about all those penalties for breaking ez fiscal rules that suddenly did n't apply when it was france and germany breaking them but did when it was ireland , spain , portugal etc ? 
  i wonder how this compares with obesity rates ? 
  not that you give a shit i 'm sure , but you seem rather unpleasant . 
  well that lynch mob will have get in line as it was clearly cameron ... 
  someone elsewhere said it is like one of those facebook parties you read about where you invite 20 and 200 arrive and smash your parents house up . 
  i am truly lost for words ... 
   deport all those illegal economic migrants immediately . 
  hahahahahaha - this does not happen like that . 
  the legal process takes ages , the illegal economic migrants have a baby or buy a cat and then have leave to stay because they have a right to a family life . 
  which is what the uk is doing . 
  if they have away of supporting themselves no one will care . 
  otherwise it is pretty hard to exist without government contact for ` handouts ' etc. 
  not that you would know being an american . 
  actually they do . 
  well that may well be r/europe 's opinion but frankly i can understand the german perspective . 
  as an old person let me tell you that what is happening now is what europe looked like 70 years ago . 
  and again after hungary 1956 . 
  and again to a lesser extent after 1968 and the prague spring . 
  actual europeans , displaced and fleeing . 
  as recently as 1989 european people were shot and killed attempting to seek refuge in the west . 
  the germans are right - refugees need refuge and should be given it . 
  the conflation by dodgy rightwing blowhards ( and the disgraceful press of many european countries ) of actual refugees with economic migrants is quite shocking . 
  the vast majority of the 100s of thousands seeking ` asylum ' in the uk , germany etc will be and are sent back . 
  actual refugees are not and that includes in the uk . 
  economic migration is a seperate and different issue . 
  unfortunately , discussing that will bring forth cries of ` racist ' etc etc. 
  he 's not wrong . 
  obviously we should absolutely give refuge to those who are actually fleeing warzones . 
  but when things improve they should be looking to go back to rebuild their countries ( obviously with aid etc from the un etc ; i believe the uk is actually the biggest donor to the un 's syria programme , outstripping the rest of the eu combined ) otherwise those countries will go to shit for the forseeable future . 
  most of the syria refugees are highly educated middle class people that any society needs . 
  the uk ( and other eu countries ) get criticism for ` brain draining ' lots of places by taking their educated people for our nhs for example when these people are the backbone of any society ; we should be giving them refuge now but when the time is ready , repatriation should be happening so that the kind of unstable , dictator led states do n't respawn . 
  also refugees ! = economic migrants which a good many of these at calais etc are . 
  [ hmm ] ( https://fullfact.org/factcheck/economy/fit_for_work_deaths_esa-47588 ) ... many of these are where claims have ended because the person died ( this could be any death found in equivalent working population ) - not their claim was ended and then they died ... 
  do you know how many places called london there are in the world ? 
  good idea as the french do not appear to be policing anything . 
  this is the entrance to the channel tunnel for heaven 's sake !, 
  i can not believe that an area that should be as well protected as an airport perimeter is a sieve like this . 
  i would n't be surprised if various fanatics are n't watching this whilst packing their suicide vests . 
  i expect the dog ate their homework or something ... 
   why did you focus on the pyramid schemes only and left out the cults ? 
  because he was telling a rather amusing joke . 
  yes i understand that the general election rules are going to apply . 
  it would be ludicrous however if gib was not included in the referendum as their membership is contingent on ours i think . 
  [ southwest england euro constituency ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_west_england_%28european_parliament_constituency%29 ) . 
  well of course . 
  gib is in the same constituency as me , i think . 
  cameron certainly does not want a brexit - this would be his ` albtraum ' . 
  as the article says , it is because overwhelmingly there is simply no billing mechanism in most clinics , gps and hospitals in the uk to even raise an invoice . 
   one explanation for the gap is possibly that britain has a poor record in recovering the cost of treating european nationals under the scheme . 
  the doh has said that the # 30m figure may be less than 20 % of the total estimated chargeable costs . 
  portugal are our oldest [ allies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-portuguese_alliance ) . 
  we have synchronised our watches ... 
  it seems [ the flying inn ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_flying_inn ) is quite prescient ... 
  breathless clickbait from the graun again . 
  cameron is wholly pro-eu and will campaign vigorously for staying in . 
  the referendum will endorse staying in by an easy margin . 
  ignore them - i appreciate it . 
  yes . 
  according to sir humphrey , we smokers are national benefactors , laying down our lives for our country . 
  beautiful, 
  the members of the eurozone have been breaking the rules since it 's creation . 
  it is quite simple : - rule number one - be [ france or germany ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/the-ticking-euro-bomb-how-the-euro-zone-ignored-its-own-rules-a-790333.html ) ; you will be able to flout the conditions of the stability and growth pact , and you can run budget deficits in excess of 3pc of gdp . 
  you can avoid sanction after your fellow members will decide to let you off the hook . 
  rule number two - do n't be ireland or spain . 
  you will keep the fiscal rules but be fucked by a property bust caused by interest rates and borrowing conditions that are completely unsuited to your local economy . 
  you will suffer from the property bust and also have germany and france sanctioning your economy . 
  rule number three - do n't be portugal or italy . 
  you will be trapped by slow growth and declining competitiveness and lack of control over your currency . 
  rule number four - do n't be the united kingdom . 
  none of this is your concern but / r/europe will blame you - as will the louder more ignorant members of the european bien pensant . 
  * ah , the old / r/europe instant dv, 
  different cheek of the same arse though . 
  according to the o'connell version , this man born in ireland is not an irishman ; according to the apocryphal wellington version , this man born in ireland is most certainly not an irishman ... 
  the duke of wellington ( he of waterloo fame ) was born in ireland but considered himself the epitome of englishness . 
  when asked about it he said `` being born in a stable , does not make one a horse '' . 
  english civil war = 1642-1651 . 
  thank you for your replies . 
  so the answer is : -  some occasion that did not require appropriation of the flag for some party-political purpose . 
  if i knew the context i might have an answer . 
  perhaps the guy who handed to her , is known as sweaty ` hands ' hans ; perhaps it was some occasion that did not require appropriation of the flag for some party-political purpose . 
  etc,
