  er ii wo n't be stepping down either, 
  he called you an ` asshole ' - he is clearly not british ... 
  especially when the english press is directly quoting any figures provided by the french as the link points out ... 
  if recent discussions on gibraltar , cyprus and macedonia are anything to go by then probably not ... 
  goodness me ... some of the comments here are also a bit vehement for me . 
  18-19c here with about 13-14c in the night-time . 
  the conservative party is ** not ** the political equivalent of the republican party - i appreciate that everyone on here and r/uk hates them ( well apart from me ) but they are not remotely like the republican party . 
  frankly i would have difficulty voting for large numbers of democratic party candidates given the extreme social conservatism in the us . 
  thank you very much . 
  i am not sure why i am downvoted - malta is in the commonwealth and i stipulated that commonwealth and roi citizens could also vote regardless of eu membership . 
  this is [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) and i was talking about eu citizens ( not just french ) voting rights in the uk - commonwealth and irish citizens have other rules that apply to them for historical reasons . 
  expats only vote up to local election level ( not for mps ) and in european elections . 
  now this is a pan-european project i am absolutely 100 % behind . 
  no , because you * are * a racist . 
  i am afraid i would have to see some evidence other than some random loud-mouth racist saying ` b. . b. . . but i 'm a biologist ' . 
  as a published author of peer reviewed articles myself i assure you that ...  completely normal , apart from having a natural sleight of hand from centuries of selection is just utterly ludicrous . 
  sorry pal - like all racists you have a very poor understanding of ` fitness ' & selection . 
  i take your point about pc terms not travelling well between languages but romany is a long-standing term for gypsies in the uk and nothing to do with pc at all . 
  an interesting linguistic aside - in the uk , tigan = zingari which has long been used for various [ touring cricket & football ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/i_zingari ) teams because they are nomadic ie have no fixed ground . 
  zingari comes from i zingari which is italian for gypsies . 
  romanies/gypsies in the uk get treated badly by those who can not tell the difference between them and travellers . 
  travellers get treated badly by people who can not tell the difference between individuals who behave like cunts and a whole cultural group . 
   i do n't consider myself a racist . 
  trust me , you are . 
   completely normal , apart from having a natural sleight of hand from centuries of selection . 
  er , yeah . 
  my grandfather came from a long line of baker 's boys who used to carry trays of bread on their heads . 
  the top of his head was naturally flat from centuries of selection ... 
  it is n't - this person appears to be a fool . 
  the french have been told by brussels numerous times to do something about the sncf monopoly - including a threat to penalise the government for handing out illegal subsidies . 
  sncf of course operates/owns companies in other european countries but it has proved very difficult for other european companies to access the french market . 
  why this should be , i simply can not imagine ... 
  the uk 's accident and road deaths statistics compare very favourably with the rest of [ europe ] ( http://www.abd.org.uk/safest_roads.htm ) . 
  perhaps they should consider driving on the left ... or maybe there are quite a few other factors to be considered . 
   she privatised the rail nope - this happened in 1993 ( she left office in 1990 ) and was as a result of eu directive 91/440 which required of all eu member states to separate ` the management of railway operation and infrastructure from the provision of railway transport services , separation of accounts being compulsory and organisational or institutional separation being optional ' , the idea being that the track operator would charge the train operator a transparent fee to run its trains over the network , and anyone else could also run trains under the same conditions ( open access ) . 
  the rest of your comment is also questionable . 
   i know the methods were questionable ( starving people ) < rolleyes , 
  you could try asking in a local bakery ( assuming you have one near you - sadly this is not a given in many parts of the uk ) or you could try a local pharmacy . 
  ammonium bicarbonate is what you are looking for aka baking ammonium or hartshorn . 
  i make sloe gin but i drink last year 's harvest this year . 
  so bottled in november 2010 , opening at 3pm christmas eve . 
  i am of course a great fan of christmas pudding but i absolutely adore [ stollen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stollen ) . 
  i am seriously greedy about it ... 
  he will be missed - the best kind of politician , the reluctant kind . 
  lol - u mad ? 
  you said ...  i wish people ( and by people i mean the british press ) would stop using the word ` eurosceptic ' when they actually mean plain old xenophobia . 
  you then said after i wrote my response somewhere else downthread where frankly i am no longer looking having exhausted this topic ...  my point was n't that all eurosceptics are xenophobic , but that there 's a tendency to use the term `` eurosceptic '' as a sort of euphemism when they should be using the term xenophobic . 
  you did not actually make that point initially - you just said the press used the word ` eurosceptic when they mean plain old xenophobia ' . 
  so no distinguishing the two concepts by you there . 
  i dare say you actually believe not all eurosceptics are xenophobic but it seems you get to decide when they are , dependant upon which newspaper you read about them in . 
  i must say you have mastered the art of ignorant rudeness on the internet very well . 
  effortlessly superior ... 
   they knew it would be seen as a somewhat rude gesture . 
  and , honestly , i think they were hoping it would be seen like that . 
  you have no evidence for this - merely your preconceived notions fuelled by the reporting of this non-event from months ago , sneeringly reported in the guardian some time later , and posted here even later in order to cash in on britain 's reported ` isolationism ' which turns out to be a crock of shit . 
  oh , and it fits in with your own ridiculous opinion conflating euroscepticism with xenophobia . 
  i am a pragmatic pro-european but i have very real concerns with the democratic deficit , the way certain programmes are run eg . 
  cfa , cfp , the fucking ludicrous brussels-strasbourg bullshit etc etc. 
  anyone voicing concerns about these things is almost always yelled down as a eurosceptic or in your view a xenophobe/racist . 
   i wish people ( and by people i mean the british press ) would stop using the word ` eurosceptic ' when they actually mean plain old xenophobia . 
  it happened a while ago , the word ` dumps ' in the headline is a bit sensational as is ...  the tory-run town council took the dramatic step of `` breaking off '' diplomatic relations with the french and the germans . . 
  typical guardianista reporting frankly . 
  the german mayor said this ...  michael keller , friedberg 's mayor , said he was n't surprised by the council 's decision . 
  `` the partnership has been on its last legs for the past 10 years . 
  we got hints in 2005 they were keen to end it . 
  not enough young people have been involved . 
  these days they go to china , russia and the us . '', 
  . . which sounds a lot more like it and should have been at the top of the story instead of that crap from the lds . 
  i think that is understood . 
  however , what do imagine would happen if mervyn king ( head of the boe ) were to say something similar about france . 
  you realise in the uk he would be lucky to keep his job , right ? 
  you do n't support your own postition by pointing out the flaws in everyone else - especially not those who are perceived as some kind of rivals . 
  one of the most useful language books i ever read was a collection of miles kington 's columns from punch - let 's parler franglais . 
  seriously , taught me lots of words you would n't come across in your usual ` plume de ma tante ' vocab texts . 
  the french are in the middle of an election campaign where bashing albion gets you headlines and points . 
  the exclaiming !, 
  and gesticulating !, 
  wildly about the triple a in france is entirely for domestic politics ( with the extra frisson of kicking the uk ) . 
  sarkozy has spent ages going on about how he has protected france 's aaa status . 
  now that it is looking shaky it is of course an anglo-saxon conspiracy . 
  according to the opposition ( which would win said election if it were tomorrow ) nicky 's failure to keep the aaa is as a direct result of his own aaa - [ austerity , austerity , austerity ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/election-presidentielle-2012/article/2011/12/15/triple-a-le-ps-tente-de-prendre-sa-revanche-sur-l-ump_1618764_1471069.html ) - which say the socialists has been terrrible for the french workers , pensioners etc and it is time for him to go . 
  [ hollande ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/idees/article/2011/12/16/une-autre-voie-pour-l-europe_1619590_3232.html ) also points out that when france 's aaa was initially under threat it was a superb coup to save it ( according to sarkozy ) and now that it looks really under threat it is unimportant ( according to sarkozy ) . 
  i thought it was more doing them a favour from which we will actually gain.we took out a loan at a low rate and lent it to them but at a lower rate than they would be able to get . 
  i expect to hear that we cut that rate more now that dave and enda are bff . 
  i agree with you about the same countries thing - i personally am a pragmatic pro-european . 
  in the uk the ` sceptics and ` philes sometimes seem like they are about to roll in the gutter fighting !, 
  this is just childish ... 
  be honest now - who amongst you watched the entire 1:55.05 of that ... 
  lol - i think that 's really sweet !, 
   the subreddit who is raiding us . 
  not at all . 
  simply playing a part in the european conversation - you should try not to be so isolationist . 
  jesus , no one has attacked you , i know you are not french , you are the one with the swearing and temper tantrums . 
  like i said calm down , put me on ignore and have a nice day . 
  oh dear - i am afraid this conversation has taken a turn for the worst . 
  no one ( at least not me ) is looking for a fight . 
  i absolutely dislike the fact that i disagree with you is me ` playing the victim card ' , crying over ` stolen lunch money ' etc etc. 
  this kind of childish rhetoric may be the norm in the likes of sarkozy but really . 
  calm down dear . 
  the euro has never really been a single currency - there are , in effect , german euros , greek euros , italian euros etc.
