it would be against the rules . 
  european citizens are supposed to be entitled to the same treatment as citizens in the host country . 
  if you are european and you arrive in the uk without a job to go to , you can sign on for unemployment etc. 
  if you have children living in your home country being schooled and cared for there , you can claim our universal benefits and send it to them etc. 
  this is the kind of thing that fucks people off , not free movement of people willing to work . 
  i live in a part of the country where there are loads of poles , romanians , balts etc and practically the first thing anyone says about them is how hard they work - no one objects to these people but there are also a substantial number who have no intention of supporting themselves . 
  if you do n't have a job to go to do n't come here . 
  thank you for your reply . 
  it was certainly original . 
   it put the value of the # up nicely against the $ i would have thought that would have made our exports more expensive . 
  i 'm sure i just saw this episode of wallender . 
  many of these have been on the same `` how to hold a pen like a newsreader '' course . 
  in my experience , 28 working days . 
  it is rare for it to take that long though . 
  longer than that you should press for a replacement . 
   i 'm curious as to why a lot of brits still classify irish people as british . 
  we do n't . 
  better yet , let us wait for our balkan sisters to confirm ... 
  france , i love all the bits i 've been to - normandy , brittany , picardie , loire , pyrenees . 
  then netherlands then denmark . 
   what a cheap shoot by the uk government . 
  here we go again . 
  it clearly says `` uk & netherlands '' . 
  eurosceptics = far-right ? 
  the french idea of the eu is that of a supranational body not a federal one . 
  remember it is not all of the eu countries who like the idea of junker - you would not know this from r/europe any more than you hear of other countries using their veto as they are entirely entitled to do according to the rules . 
  india is in the commonwealth, 
  us vs them ... yes i think so . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/22/g20-derivatives-idusl5n0d91lv20130422 ) sort of thing is endless . 
   but it would n't be in the interest of a federal eu to cripple a very profitable uk would it ? 
   it 's not like the moment a theoretical federal eu came to pass , a bunch of laws would be passed hamstringing one of the main financial hotspots of the new federation . 
  virtually every single financial reform suggested by the eu recently has been squarely aimed at the uk 's financial sector ... to loud cheering from / r/europe . 
  i believe we benefit in many ways both tangible and intangible from eu membership , but barrelling on to further integration should not be in the minds of politicians for a long time . 
  it is clearly red dress night for the ladies in the capitals of europe . 
  * norway immediately fucks my comment up ... 
  all of a sudden i can not understand a word ... 
  shame for the boo ... that band are just children :(, 
  always . 
  [ `` round them all up ... '' ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xgmwzjla0qa ), 
  i dare say places with electronic voter lists work like that ; in the uk it is paper-based . 
  there is a list of registered voters , you give your name at the door and your name is ticked at this point saying you have been given your voting slip . 
  so we can count how many times you vote . 
  i see - i understood rufmeister to be from the continent where they drive on the wrong right side , whereas ed is from the uk where we drive on the right side of the road . 
  thank you for showing me the road more clearly . 
  right side vs correct side ... 
  do producers of porn movies ever actually sue over copyright or whatever like hollywood does ? 
  if not , who actually cares ? 
  1 ) your picture is very lovely and christmas-sy . 
  2 ) the christmas ` atmosphere ' away from shopping areas in the uk really does n't get going for another week really . 
  we are still have another ordinary weekend before the holiday period . 
  once it arrives ; pubs , clubs , workplaces will have genuinely ( and surprisingly ) happy , smiley people . 
  3 ) there is hardly ever snow in the south of england in december - if it does happen it is during the end of january , february and early march . 
  no one is smiling - we just concentrate on queueing correctly ; it is the only thing that stops us from murdering one and other . 
  4 ) thank you again for the lovely picture and '' craciun fericit si un an nou fericit ! '', 
  absolutely not . 
  sounds disgusting . 
  usually , but it does depend what i am doing . 
  i certainly do n't ignore the door out of fear or whatever wild and wonderful reasoning was in that askreddit thread . 
  it had me in absolute stitches . 
  not really . 
  if you have a british or eu or eea passport we all go through the same gate . 
  you may be checked although i ca n't remember a time that this was any more onerous than showing my ticket to get on the platform for the train . 
  what is happening on the gibraltar - spain border is a full blown passport check of a kind that takes place nowhere else in europe . 
  spain ( more accurately , the spanish and regional government ) has had decades since they learned to be more democratic to win the hearts and minds of gibraltarians . 
  had they behaved in a more mature manner they might have been closer to their objective . 
  as it stands ... fuck 'em . 
  well you should n't be sorry . 
  it is not you doing it . 
  plus the headline should read ` some ' british unionists . 
  motherly love ... 
  enjoyable thread . 
  see you next year !, 
  and so the amusingly poisoned challice passes to denmark !, 
  i know they made a mistake - 12 points to hungary, 
  '' ... our neighbours ... russia ! '', 
  at least they are open about it . 
  some of these vote announcers are straight outta r/cringe, 
  are these national vote announcers all from hospital radio or something ? 
  i am not sure this is an entirely serious thread ... 
  bonnie tyler , who is a legend , is talking ken bruce on r2 . 
  deffo been at the sherry ... 
  romania , malta & denmark are my 123 . 
  this is just utterly fabulous and absolutely should win - so it wo n't . 
  ken bruce - `` in case you thought that was alan carr ... i did too '' . 
  i wo n't be surprised if this wins . . 
  trigger warning - bagpipes, 
  i 'm working this year and ken bruce is no slouch either . 
  i based my # 5 punt on who had the most youtube views - ming the merciless is quite popular . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyuukxnuusc ) is probably the best tune we will hear all night ... 
  cheers and beers , everybody . 
  long before him was lord george brown . 
  he was foreign secretary in the wilson/callaghan era . 
  every time he was on the 9 o'clock news he was staggering about on state visits . 
  there is a famous , possibly apocryphal story about him : - at a trade reception in south america , george approached another guest as the band struck up ... `` hello , my dear '' said her majesty 's foreign and commonwealth secretary , `` that 's a lovely red dress you are wearing ; may i have this waltz ? '' . 
  `` sir ! '', 
  said the guest , `` this is not a red dress and the music is not a waltz . 
  i am the cardinal archbishop of santiago and that is the chilean national anthem '' . 
  thank you for r/theendofyoutube . 
  my life is complete ... 
  interesting - thanks .
