  i mean , the american solution to the problem was just sticking to duverger 's law and having two really broad parties to avoid vote splits . 
  americans least of all outside the russian and chinese spheres of influence . 
  after 2003 , we 've become disillusioned with the idea that our hegemony is anything near benevolent . 
  propaganda also existed in 1945 , from the soviet side - especially in the french resistance . 
  do n't just account for one side . 
  * casablanca * being a good example of this . 
  india 's also got four lions on their national emblem . 
  it 's pretty widespread globally , i would say . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , i feel like a lot of cultures were fascinated by lions just because of how freaking regal they are . 
  it 's like the nordic flags/banners/coats of arms with their lions . 
  i especially like denmark 's . 
  but what 's with the northern european obsession with lions ? 
  to a twenty-year-old , no less . 
  edit : * and an american * . 
  god , can this get any worse ? 
  i hope you are n't a labour or lib dem supporter too . 
  is a 40-year-old going to be surrounded by english students and graduates , more directly accessible to them , and likely more able to empathize with them ? 
  would a 40-year-old find themselves going on / r/lostgeneration and empathizing with some of the struggles mentioned there ( regardless of whether they disagree or agree with them ) ? 
  as far as degrees of separation go , most people recognize that the american education system is ridiculously expensive . 
  i go to one of the most expensive schools in the nation , but i 'm not personally taking on debt due to a decent financial background . 
  however , that does not mean i 'm less capable of understanding the issue of debt and student loans than a 40-year old who hears about it from his son . 
  i 'm surrounded by people who 're fretting about the loans they 'll have to pay off once they graduate ; that 40-year-old likely is n't . 
  i hear these concerns through the lens of someone who 's in the same generation , faces the same economic prospects , and has built connections with these people - the 40-year-old , no matter how much taylor swift he listens to , does n't . 
  there 's a fundamental difference between us , just like there was a fundamental difference between a wealthy american colonist representing the average american in parliament and a wealthy brit representing the average american in parliament - such a large difference , in fact , that it led the colonies to seek independence and maintain it for this long . 
  ( similarly , the isolation felt by un ( der ) represented generations is expressed in generational `` fuck the baby boomers '' - type disconnects , like those felt at / r/lostgeneration ) . 
  a 40-year-old is n't going to be spending most of their day taking classes , working entry-level or near-entry-level jobs , etc. 
  your degrees of separation argument would imply that barack obama is just as good at representing a 16-year-old high school student ( 1 degree of separation : his daughters ) as he is at representing someone of his own generation who 's in the lower-middle class . 
  which , of course , is n't the case . 
   and they 'll be far more competent and capable in debating their case . 
  i do n't understand where this argument is coming from . 
  yes , there is a likelihood that a single person will become more competent as they age . 
  however , that does not imply that an arbitrary 40-year-old will always be more qualified than an arbitrary 20-year-old . 
  and we ca n't make assumptions about this 20-year-old vs. the man she unseated based on age alone - clearly , neither of the two is an average case within their demographic , by virtue of getting elected . 
  if everyone 's supposed to empathize with the middle-aged , is the government just not supposed to care about 18-30 year olds ? 
  i mean , the entire idea that our government should be controlled by older generations is what keeps getting our education system royally shat upon here in the states . 
  i can only think of one defensible argument to be made for the system - that it makes sense as a response to systems like `` virtual representation . '', 
  but even still , it feel much less democratic to discard the votes of so many people , and just as absurd to claim that the people whose votes did n't help the winning candidate are going to have much of a voice . 
  i know my republican representative could n't give a rat 's ass about my voice , so i might as well be `` virtually represented '' in congress . 
  i think the issue comes from branding these things as `` european values . '', 
  i 'm not going to deny that europe 's played a monumental role in the development and popularization of science and democracy , but speaking as a non-european it 's very problematic when these values are branded as `` western '' ( and therefore other ) and it 's seen as an abandonment of indigenous culture to go after them . 
  especially with democracy - viewing it as `` western '' promotes the idea that monarchy , autocracy , and other failed modes of government are somehow part of the culture i 'm supposed to belong to . 
  branding these things as `` western '' also implies that their value is just cultural - that science and democracy are n't universally desirable , when the exact opposite is true . 
  these things are universally valuable , and i hope to see them become universal values - the same way that tea has become british or democracy has become american , maybe science and democracy will one day just belong to all humans as a common cultural treasures . 
  perhaps like how the idea of the nation-state is now no longer seen as just european . 
  it uses propaganda tactics to manipulate public opinion . 
  it 's propaganda in the same sense that anti-smoking commercials are . 
  and as far as corruption goes , the public school i went to basically ended up paying a graduation speaker to tell us that obama would destroy our generation . 
  and then there 's the gerrymandering that got my representative ( someone who wants to kill 100 million people - iranians and north koreans ) elected . 
  i 'm sure there were other groups as well , given the chaos of the ottoman empire during that era . 
  easily in the millions . 
  yeah , and turkey 's being called out in the status quo - and germans are also recognized as the people who take the holocaust the most seriously ( holocaust denial is actually against the law there , and that factoid is cited almost continuously ) . 
  surely , owning up to what happened is n't going to make it any worse . 
  the trail of tears ( cherokee mass relocation ) was during jackson 's presidency , which was a few decades before the civil war . 
  i think you meant the revolution/war of independence , but i 'm not sure . 
  america 's owned up to slavery and no one who does n't currently own slaves ( not even in the south ) is considered a `` slaver . '', 
  europe 's owned up to its imperialism for the most part and no one who does n't currently seek to dominate other nations is considered an `` imperialist . '', 
  india 's owned up to its history with a caste system and no one who does n't currently seek to enforce casteism is considered a proponent of the caste system . 
  in fact , it 's usually the other way around - europeans who deny the history of imperialism , americans who deny the native american genocide and the slavery of african-americans , etc. , are the ones who 're rallied against - not the ones who own up to what happened . 
  i do n't know if you 'd classify * all * of isis 's massacres as systematic killing of an entire race ( i.e. , a genocide ) but they 're definitely attempting to wipe out certain groups within their territory . 
  the figure was in the millions if you include both the armenian and the greek genocides , so he 's not exaggerating . 
  i do n't think you have anything to lose by recognizing that a horrible mistake was made on the part of the ottoman empire , so i 'm curious why it 's become a matter of pride to deny it . 
   a friendly media you do realize that the most widely watched news channel in the us is fox , right ? 
   obama 's church spewed the most vile shit and the media ignored it . 
  i remember it being a pretty big issue in ' 08 . 
  you 're talking about the pastor he had to distance himself from , right ? 
  the one he left behind and changed churches over ? 
   it 's when you want it taught as fact or change laws based on that which i have a problem with their party lines . 
  ... and that 's ted cruz , openly advocating for government support to christianity ( putting up christian monuments using government money and on government land is far from a secular act ) and basing his own policy stances on christianity . 
   so the church is irrelevant as long as he 's not from a party affiliation you consider evil , right ? 
  not quite . 
  it 's more directly about the candidate 's platform . 
  cruz is blatantly and openly basing his policy around christian goals . 
  obama is not . 
  i 'm not anti-republican by any means ; i do n't know why you 're basing your responses on the assumption that i consistently vote democrat when i 've only ever donated to republican campaigns . 
   obama is christian as well and from and even stricter church obama 's not exactly running as a tea party candidate and relying on an evangelical-heavy voterbase . 
  he does n't exactly base his policies on his church 's teachings , either , or regularly fight for the 10 commandments to be displayed everywhere and support county clerks who decide to stop doing their job because they have a religious disagreement with gay marriage . 
  i also do n't think you 're really responding to my statements - cruz is just significantly more likely than any other candidate right now to use his religious beliefs as the basis for policy . 
  you do n't have to look further than even his own website or his past actions for that . 
  i 'm saying this as one of his constituents . 
  texan here . 
  ted cruz represents me in the senate . 
  my congressional rep , whom i 've met in person , is also arguably ted cruz 's best friend in the house ( fun fact : he also thinks that iran and north korea should be nuked into uninhabitability - y' know , just casually killing 120 million people because you do n't like their government ) . 
  i 'm fairly familiar with his policies and think that the other responses you 're getting seriously brush over cruz 's craziness . 
  from cruz 's [ own website ] ( https://www.tedcruz.org/issues/religious-liberty/ ) : his definition of religious liberty is `` defend [ ing ] the constitutionality of the texas 10 commandments monument before the supreme court . '', 
  `` our rights do not come from government . 
  they come from god . '', 
  he 's very much pushing the christian persecution narrative and you can find the tea party character of constantly referencing the bible and constitution as the two infallible documents in his speeches . 
  cruz likely would n't impose religious law in america , but he 'd also govern based on his religious beliefs and use his convictions as the basis of his policy . 
  yeah but cruz is the closest thing to a gop establishment candidate and the one most likely to come out on top in the currently very likely scenario that a brokered convention happens . 
  he 's not just pushed by the media ; he 's a frontrunner now , with tens of millions of americans supporting him . 
   pushing for laws to enforce that agenda would qualify . 
  cruz has literally stated that he does n't believe that anyone who does n't begin their day with prayer should be qualified to be president . 
  he 's also very clearly adopted policy positions that * would * impose christian-right beliefs as national policy and has made a career in law finding legal methods to support christian policies as government policies . 
  cruz is certainly not isis , and far from a theocrat , but he 's also not a big separation of church and state guy either . 
  he 's somewhere between bush ( calling the french president and using christian eschatology to justify the invasion of iraq ) and the muslim brotherhood . 
  well , looks like we 've got to take out your statues too . 
  nice sheriff star there . 
  that 's if he wins . 
  thanks .
