  dc is a rich area , but cost of living there is outrageous . 
  181k gdp per capita makes sense , but 181k gdp per capita adjusted for purchase power parity between the us states ( i.e. , not factoring in the cheap houses in alabama when we 're looking at dc residents that do n't live in alabama ) does n't at all . 
  yeah , that 's not going to happen . 
  we 'd be a third of eu population and nearly half its economy . 
  that 's not going to turn out well for an organization that benefits so much from internal multipolarity with no single clearly dominating party . 
  more like a friend from another lifetime , the kind where you look back and wonder why you were hanging around with a crowd like that . 
  four germanies ago , too . 
  you 've got weimar , third reich , allied-occupied , and west/east in the middle . 
  less like a childhood and more like another lifetime . 
   bosnia and herzegovina flag oh shit serbia better watch out . 
  sure . 
  ` the united states of america , england , and europe ' has a pretty nice ring to it . 
   the ` united kingdom of great britain and ~ ~ the rest of ~ ~ europe ' . 
  ftfy, 
  :d perfect for those of us not born in the states, 
  that would 've made an excellent april fools joke . 
  ex-ussr is more direct and clearer in terms of what you 're talking about ; most of the time , we just use `` cis '' as shorthand for `` former ussr '' anyway instead of actually referring to the structure and institutions of the cis . 
   overtake le pen did you mean macron here ? 
  i do n't think he 'll be able to successfully lead this country in a war , though ; it would be as if franklin pierce ran the us throughout the civil war . 
  there 's a difference between good relations and capitulation to a state entity with interests that are in many areas orthogonal to our own . 
  trump admin does not control the american state as effectively as the average admin ; democratic legitimacy comes from public approval , and he 's got very little political capital at the moment to throw away our last 50 + years of progress . 
  fortunately there are * some * things in their way , and i do n't believe he 'll be able to do too much irreversible damage over the next 4-8 years . 
  our institutions are more robust than that , but of course we must stay vigilant and ensure his follower does not share his intent of dismantling the west . 
  where does the word `` genocide '' come from , again ? 
  i think , then , that he 'd be untouched by the rule . 
  essentially , if you ban foreign politicians from explicitly encouraging certain decisions in foreign elections or referenda , you 'll be reducing the risk that your country provides a platform for foreign political movements , houses significant populations that intervene in other countries ' democratic processes , and perhaps regularly faces intervention in your own democratic process from foreign actors . 
  in essence , you 'll just be disentangling your own country-specific democratic infrastructure from the democratic infrastructures of other countries . 
  you 'd still be able to encourage discourse on your own referenda/elections by all interested parties - your own politicians , the pope , etc. - but just would neatly avoid ( or reduce the prevalence of ) discourse about foreign democratic decisions occurring within your society . 
  hmm ... in foreign referendums or domestic ones ? 
  i think this rule , if narrowly constructed , can work out pretty well . 
  i do n't the pope will hold political rallies in eu states asking people to vote for him . 
  sure but you can enact barriers to reduce that activity . 
  it 's just like how you ca n't stop everyone from being dicks on a subreddit but good moderation can reduce it significantly - at least forcing it to occur in less visible areas . 
  their idea of * lebensraum * was derived to some extent from manifest destiny . 
  moreso algorithm than equation , but keep in mind that you can describe some incredibly complex things ( e.g. , state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms including the current closest approximations to artificial general intelligence ) as systems of ` basic mathematical equations . ', 
  in practice , encryption algorithms are just software and they typically rely on tasks that are straightforward to compute forwards ( multiplying two large primes together ) but computationally intensive to reverse ( factoring that number into its two constituent primes ) . 
  so while it 's a system of ` basic mathematical equations ' ( like almost all software ) , you can ban the usage of encryption algorithms just like how you can ban people from sending certain basic sequences of bits across the internet to specific addresses ( harassment , hate speech , etc. ), 
  or you can ban people from using certain other kinds of software ( malware , for example ) . 
  and you can build backdoors into crypto software so that you can compromise their security . 
  also , for the record , implementing basic mathematics equations can often require a shitton of programming and curling up in the fetal position trying to understand academic papers . 
  we have more irish people than ireland , although most of them are n't entirely irish here . 
  i 'm all for eu independence/disentanglement from the us ( it makes sure all the eggs of western institutions do n't lie in the same basket ) but there 's a huge leap from the current us government wanting to destabilize nato and the eu to the us government being a threat to eu countries . 
  we 'll probably have our shit together ~ 8 years from now and will go back to backing nato/the eu . 
  yeah , we should start preparing their nobel peace prize then . 
  neoliberalism is n't a subset of social liberalism . 
  same way kurds in turkey are terrorists today . 
  keep going , i 'm almost there, 
  germans are engineered at birth in a way that makes them physically incapable of humor , so seeing that flair threw me off for a minute . 
  i think / u/fluchtpunkt was being sarcastic , but it 's hard to tell with that flair . 
  can we add soviet flair on this sub just so / u/kinggeorgecommands has something to switch to after the 2nd round ? 
  yep , i thought i typed emphatic . 
  maybe autocorrect or just the same muscle memory glitch that makes me confuse homophones . 
  thanks !, 
  a `` nothingburger '' is something that seems significant at first but is actually worthless or meaningless . 
  i assume `` fat burger of nothing '' is just a more emphatic way of saying it . 
  it 's part of france 's image internationally ; you ca n't picture the stereotype of `` pretentious french person '' without a black and white striped suit , a glass of expensive wine , and a cigar . 
  it 's not a radical idea - just invest heavily in technological advancement with the expectation that it also yields human cultural advancement . 
  you 'll find it across the ideological spectrum . 
  i probably just phrased it poorly above , but historically that 's how we 've been able to overcome societal problems - through economic incentives that allowed us to live better lives while ditching them . 
  no , it 's not for them to vote for things i want . 
  i suspect many of them will vote against things i want . 
  populism comes from both sides of the aisle ; it 's just my observation that urban communities , while politically diverse , are more resistant to misinformation ( in the long run and on a large scale ; you 'll still find extremely uninformed voters just about anywhere ) . 
  it 's orders of magnitude easier to trick and destabilize rural populations where isolation is a bigger factor and people have less access to culture and experience than it is to trick and destabilize large urban swathes . 
  outcome could go in any direction and almost certainly wo n't align with my own politics , could even go the route of fascism or some other ideology that 's extreme today , but it just makes us less vulnerable to certain problems . 
  of course . 
  creating strong economic incentives to change people 's economic activities and increasing their access to valuable resources like education is the exact same thing as wanting to create an ethno-state and having to talk about the achievements of some fictitious national identity so you can feel better about living in a basement and having to use pissbottles . 
  oh , i did n't mean leaving them to die . 
  i meant speeding up urbanization - shift the electorate to cities , not kill them off . 
  did n't realize i 'd get a morality check from klan man 2024 today . 
  thing is that what came out after the election suggested trump hired a firm that specifically gamed the electoral college . 
  clinton 's big slip-up was in not failing to game the ec herself and letting trump grab a few states that were almost reliably democratic ( pa , wi , mi ) . 
  we can only speculate as to what would 've happened if popular vote rules applied across the board , but assuming the candidates kept similar platforms ( a big if , given it was trump and clinton ) clinton 's coalition had a lot of advantages in that it did n't just try to appeal to an outnumbered group of voters and hope that they showed up en masse . 
  in the us , campaigning was based on the electoral college so we do n't know if clinton would have won the popular vote if both candidates had aimed for the popular vote . 
  she likely would have , though , given that the electoral college makes rural votes count more than urban ones and trump really struggled with urban voters . 
  or just invest heavily in robotics to deliver the death blow to the regional economies sustaining under-educated rural populations . 
  then you wo n't have to worry about these people within a generation . 
  the urban/rural split on votes like this is nothing new . 
  i doubt good politics or even education will save us . 
  it 's time to just do away with the root cause and shift the electorate to cities and other types of society that are more robust to populism , demagoguery , and other forms of political and economic destabilization . 
  is there a former-east/former-west split in the cities , or some other dimension that explains it ? 
  it 's brittany , bitch . 
  macron , melenchon , same difference right ? 
  fear is the path to the dark side . 
  i was thinking we just invest in robotics so we can automate away the jobs of le pen voters , but that sounds more compassionate . 
  nope , my point is that the `` made up media stats '' are just the official status a few hours ahead . 
  it 's lag , nothing else . 
  do n't count your chickens just yet . 
  my bad ; i 've gotten in the habit of using `` left '' as opposed to liberal to differentiate the two . 
  in any case , i think the melenchon-le pen economic alignment is n't much different from sanders-trump . 
  it 's the rhetoric that makes all the difference , though . 
  yeah , so it turns out extremism does not succeed often among educated populations with an investment in economic stability and prosperity . 
  who knew ? 
  except the gap between the nationalist and the neoliberal is much bigger in france than it was in the us . 
  macron is more centrist/neoliberal than anything . 
  it 's an affirmation of the status quo institutions vs. a shift toward nationalism , but on the whole i 'd agree with you that a right-wing shift has happened given that le pen is no longer a fringe candidate . 
  that said , the right-wing has not quite won this yet . 
  eh urban/rural split is always like this . 
  trace a bunch of disastrous and near-disastrous votes through the past 200 years of history and you often find the same sort of division . 
  rural and economically disadvantaged regions seem to be bent on burning down the rest of us . 
  trump 's claimed economic policies ( protectionism , `` taking care of everyone '' on the healthcare front , government intervention to prop up dead industries ) were left wing , although the ones he actually implemented ( and published ) were not .
