  at the same time , all of the opposition parties ( except , of course , the communists ) opposed the military coup - as did a large chunk of the military . 
  i 'm an american too , though , so take this with a few grains of salt . 
  it 'd be great to see that happen . 
  i think the best way to hedge against opportunistic hostility ( like ukraine , iraq , etc. ), 
  is to have a group of democratic countries work together and build a strong military without pushing a disproportionate burden on any of them and having roughly equal decision-making power . 
  you gain all these democratic checks against abuse and finally provide a real backbone to all the important international norms we 've all been quietly skirting around the past 50 years . 
  a real deterrent that says `` do n't invade small countries if they decide to exit your sphere of influence , '' `` do n't gas your own people , '' and ( most importantly , i guess ) , `` do n't even think about invading us . '', 
  i thought globalization and international trade would act that way , but clearly all these harsh economic sanctions on russia ( + the latest populist wave in europe and america , to a lesser extent ) show us that even strong economic consequences do n't factor that heavily into some countries ' logic . 
  right now , nato comes kind of close to that but the bulk of it is just the us and that does n't help with accountability or democratic checks . 
  as long as the us ( or any country ) has an overwhelming military advantage over most of the countries with some interest in preventing abuse , they can get away with far too much . 
   a tank costs the same wherever you go , as does a helicopter not at all . 
  constructing tanks and helicopters takes labor , and that can lead to differences of an order of magnitude . 
  this is like saying bread costs the same everywhere you go . 
   you realise the un 's power is limited because of the security council ? 
  a main reason being the us ? 
  we 've historically had the most vetos on sc actions , but over the past decade that 's shifted toward russia and china . 
  in the past decade , russia and china have been the one vetoing actions in places like syria as dictators use chemical weapons on their own citizens . 
  we 've been the ones pushing to actually maintain these global norms . 
  certainly we 're not as bad as russia or china , who seem to reject the core notions of human rights altogether just because others ca n't get it perfect . 
   nato ignored promises saying it would never expand further towards russian territory in 2004 when it expanded and now we have an increase in hostility again . 
  so nato adding eastern european states that wanted to join justifies russia 's actions and makes nato responsible ? 
  the countries that join are n't russia 's children - they 're independent and free to make the decisions they think best provide for their defense . 
  if russia thinks of them as their `` sphere of influence '' or some other colonial term , that 's their fault - not nto 's . 
   you spend money on your military because it keeps people in work , not because it helps defend anyone . 
  if it were purely for work , we would n't be taking the biggest r&d hits , would we ? 
  why invest in r&d if it 's just a massive employment program as you suggest - why not wait for others to eat the research costs and trail them like china currently does ? 
  but again , i 'd be happy to go to just 2 % and transfer that 1.61 % of gdp ( that 's $ 170 billion ) to fundamental science research , healtchare , education , etc. 
  just pay your share so we can do that and limit our own military-industrial complex . 
  that 's part of my point . 
  you should n't trust the us to manage world peace , instead we need a more democratized force that 's less prone to that type of error ( we 're not a perfect country either ) . 
  the un right now is nowhere near capable of actually acting against bad actors ( and large chunks of it - like the security council - are intensely vulnerable to bad actors ) . 
  it 'd be great to have nato move away from being us-led toward actually being a start toward a global democratic deterrent against bad actors . 
  europe and north america are the most advanced and democratized continents for the time being , and instead of crushing nato because it has n't been perfect , we should keep it and keep improving upon it instead of getting lazy and just pushing more and more of the tab to the us . 
  yes , we 're clearly all warmongers and that 's all we ever do . 
  remind me who was the last major power to join in on the world wars , again ? 
  look , if you want peace , you do n't do that by just not investing in the military . 
  if that 's how the world worked , we 'd be more than happy to reclaim that 3.6 % of our gdp and invest it on education , fundamental science , r&d , space exploration , whatever . 
  but we can only control our own budget - not china 's , not russia 's . 
  and after nato essentially just failed a couple years back and russia pulled the kind of military action that 's more akin to what we saw in europe in the 1930s than the image we expect today , it 's clear that not everyone out there is interested in peace ( at least not without getting a few blows in first ) . 
  we do n't have a choice . 
  invest in a joint security force run by democratic nations as a deterrent , or go back to the shit state of world affairs we used to enjoy in the 1800s . 
  hey if you want to actually have nato as a more coherent military organization rather than just america picking up everyone 's tab and making most of the important decisions , start paying up . 
  i 'm all for nato being a more distributed group and one that 's better able to avoid expensive mistakes like iraq , but that 's not gon na happen if the us is the only one that actually seems to care ( until someone needs nato help , that is ) . 
  we 're the us . 
  it 's just kind of a given that , regardless of what we 're doing ( or whether we 're doing anything ) , europe and the rest of the world will continue to hate us until they 're the ones needing our help . 
  you just get kind of used to it . 
  if france were as internationally relevant as we were , they probably would n't be getting off easy either . 
  just the nature of things that you suddenly become the scapegoat when other countries ' leaders fail . 
   would n't you say that we are so far past the line of having a credible necessary deterrent that we are starting to look like an aggressive threat in other countries ' eyes ? 
  not really . 
  it 's just russia that makes that claim to cover up their hostile actions ( and even those have n't received a real nato response ) . 
  as of right now , nato 's just a really successful defensive alliance that 's successfully managed to maintain peace in its members for over six decades and is currently helping maintain peace in regions like kosovo and the african union ( per request ) . 
   we are nowhere close to failing in technology and means of producing it in relevant quantities . 
  it 's a relative issue . 
  compared to rapidly advancing chinese military forces ( and other military forces - current neutral parties may well become future threats , just like china has ) , we need to make sure that we 're such an overwhelmingly strong opponent that no one would dare hit us . 
   you could argue that our military research is producing new military technologies that are actually making our own older military technologies , still unchallenged , obsolete . 
  the moment we produce a new technology , it 's a ticking clock to obsolescence - not just because of how good we are but because once it exists it can simply be duplicated . 
  it 's not really us making our own tech obsolete , just the way tech races work . 
  that also means we have to eat the massive r&d cost to stay ahead of the pack , because the moment someone else gets ahead of us we 're no longer a deterrent . 
  while military costs suck in the sense that it 's nice to have that money to spend on education or fundamental science research , they 're also necessary . 
  we 've been living in a world that has n't been dominated by competing , actively hostile powerful nations - and i attribute a significant chunk of that development to nato . 
  peace is not natural for humans ; it 's something we have to work hard to maintain . 
  so disband the spanish team , recreate it as castille , aragon , y leon , and then have messi join ? 
  got it . 
  do cap-ties work differently in uefa ? 
  in the case of the us , the two best government agencies in terms of return-on-investment are nasa ( 7:1 to 14:1 ) and darpa ( 5:1 or better ) - at least the latter of which is plainly a military agency ( and the former has historically had strong ties to our military investment ) . 
  but economic growth is n't the point of military investment - it 's an added benefit you reap . 
  it 's just important to at least have a deterrent you can maintain peace and prosperity with . 
  historically , peace and international law have n't been the natural state of affairs , after all , and lots of countries have strong incentives to throw that away until they take into account just how much opposition they 'd face by doing so . 
  if our technology falls out of date and we 're no longer capable of producing that type of opposition to aggression , that 's it - we 're no longer capable of maintaining this preferable state of world affairs . 
   i 'm sure the 23 romanian soldiers who died in afghanistan died to protect romania from the talibans , right ? 
  that 's not the point of nato . 
  the entire idea of a defensive alliance is to * protect your allies * with the understanding that - if someone comes after you - they 've got your back too . 
  in 2001 , the taliban ( and al-qaeda , in their shelter ) had proved their ability to strike within the territory of at least one nato member . 
  2,996 civilian deaths - in a matter of * hours * , in the largest city in nato territory , during business hours - were not a joke , and we owe a lot of thanks to romania for sticking to their end of the bargain and getting our back that time . 
  that 's how defensive alliances work - we stick it out through the times where we 're not really getting anything ourselves because our allies will do the same for us . 
  moreover , it was n't mandatory to begin with so ( if romania did n't see any benefit ) y' all could 've just stuck around and let us take that hit . 
  if you spent that on r&d , yeah it would . 
  plus you get to double-dip and reap economic benefits from the resulting technological advances . 
  yeah we also have ridiculous labor costs compared to china and russia . 
  most of the spending edge we have in the us is actually just us paying our workers reasonable wages . 
  it 's also a labor costs thing . 
  if your country does n't pay its workers that much relative to their productivity ( or whatever the analogue is for military cases ) , less spending gets you more . 
  it 's more of a deterrent than protection - which makes it all the more important to meet the 2 % . 
  we 're able to better maintain peace by making sure everyone else knows they 're dead the moment they decide to attack any one of us . 
  time to rename canadian bacon to `` freedom bacon . '', 
  it 's just sad that we take on that large a cost ( spending that much on defense * does * cost us ) and our allies do n't take it at all seriously . 
  that 's exactly why the us has to spend so much on defense ( well , that and labor costs ) . 
  unlike wwii , you no longer have weeks or months to react - it 's down to hours and minutes now . 
  after all that shit started in north africa , france looked like they 'd become the new us for a while . 
  they also need to spend just enough to make it less of an uphill battle in case russia invades . 
  if russia manages to take over estonia before the rest of nato can meaningfully respond , now we 're fighting in russian-controlled territory instead of the other way around - and that might just end up a lost war . 
  keep in mind that the baltics are n't gon na be completely alone . 
  they just need to hold off the russians while other nato armies fully mobilize and then help out . 
  the entire point of nato is for each one of our countries to be defended by * all * of us , but that does n't work great when most of us skimp out on defense spending . 
  estonia 's at least doing their part , even if most of nato does n't really have their back . 
  if i were forced to europe , i 'd punch whoever 's forcing me in the face . 
  you can take my america when you pry it from my cold , dead fingers . 
  would totally be down for a vacation in czechia , though . 
   disenfranchising a silent majority that aligns with neither .
