  i guess i do n't have a real context for how momentous and significant all these shifts in metropole-colony relations were for y' all , algeria being a key factor in the coup that created the fifth republic and whatnot . 
  if it used to be even worse than in the us , it 's pretty crazy that it 's at where it is now . 
  all the news i 've read recently made it seem like france has been absolutely terrible at integration . 
  that 's pretty good , although it makes sense due to how integrated france was with its colonies in north africa . 
  reminds me of partition in india - one of jinnah ( pakistan 's founder ) 's famous arguments was :  the hindus and muslims belong to two different religious philosophies , social customs , litterateurs . 
  they neither intermarry nor interdine together and , indeed , they belong to two different civilizations which are based mainly on conflicting ideas and conceptions . 
  also , i 'm guessing that france has been a lot more progressive when it comes to race relations than we have - partly since the respect you gave our african-american soldiers in paris helped galvanize our civil rights movement . 
  was interracial marriage as taboo in your society 50 years ago as it was in ours ? 
  it works perfectly as a metaphor because snowball helped napoleon get to where he is . 
  it 's a bluff , not a formal declaration of war . 
  both turkey and the us know that the us will call turkey 's bluff . 
  erdogan just wants to use gulen as a scapegoat as much as he can and to push some of the blame on the us too . 
  you do n't survive a coup attempt and then go on the next day to do the one thing that 's gon na get you toppled from office in a day . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think the us army is pretty well-equipped to beat the kind of military force that gets its tanks seized by unarmed civilians . 
  right . 
  it breaks down to either : - join in vs. turkey - do n't join in . 
  lose your alliance with the us . 
  lose nato . 
  it 's a pretty easy decision . 
  germany 's also not exactly controlled by its turkish population ; it 's got more balls than the us in some ways and actually calls them out for the armenian genocide . 
  in any case , this just is n't gon na happen to begin with . 
  the us will likely just call turkey 's bluff , then turkey backs down , and things go back to the same shit normal we had a month ago . 
  it 's obviously not gon na be clear-cut , since it was n't something nato planned for . 
  but nato 's also a pretty amerocentric alliance by design . 
  if turkey 's the aggressor and the us has to play defense ( assuming it would even escalate to that stage ) , then germany has to choose between standing by its 4 million turks vs. the entire us . 
  there 's no middle ground at that stage - you do n't abandon the us at a time like that without utterly destroying whatever hope for relations you have with the obvious winning party here . 
  there 's maybe 2 or 3 nations in the world that could win a war against the us ( defensively ; no one can take over the us ) if the us goes after them with full force , and turkey ai n't one of them . 
  article 5 does n't make a distinction on attacks on a nato member 's territory by a nato member vs. a non-nato member . 
  if you 're the one attacking a nato country 's territory , it basically does n't matter who you are at that point - all of nato is up against you ( except for you , if you 're a member of nato ) . 
  eh , the last time we ruled germany 's military capabilities out because the us , uk , and france were way stronger ... things did n't go so well . 
  nato 's a defensive alliance . 
  go after one of us , go after all of us . 
  that 's also why putin ca n't touch the baltics . 
  if they actually go to war against us , i hope we force them to rename istanbul to constantinople when they lose ( and keep it that way ) - not because it matters but just so they always remember that one time they got so drunk they decided to take on the us . 
  beating turkey if they decide to screw with us this time would really dull the pain of the last decade . 
  we have n't had a clear-cut `` we 're the good guys '' war in a long , long time . 
  kurdistan does n't sound bad at all . 
  if we help create the state , they 'd be a mongolia-level ally in a really key location . 
  he 's been screwing with the army for years at this point . 
  the army and the judiciary are the two major checks against him and erdogan 's been waiting to just completely dismantle their ability to stop him or step outside his control . 
  i 'm tired and i thought your flag was icelandic for a second and it brought back memories of their viking chant after soccer brexit . 
  that was a terrifying second . 
  given a random non-arab frenchman and an arab frenchman who live within walking distance of each other , would the probability that they 've got at least 1 friend in common be higher or lower than for an african-american and non-african american who live close by ? 
  he 's clearly been preparing himself for a coup for years at this point . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  thanks !, 
  also , good luck to you and your country in this time of crisis . 
  there 's no good choice here . 
  either israel does what it can to protect its people in the short - and medium-term at the expense of israeli-palestinian relations , or it keeps its own population vulnerable as it tries to end generational conflict in a relatively short span of time and without losing a catastrophic number of lives . 
  they opted for increasing hatred and mistrust but also keeping hostile people away from themselves and limiting their ability to inflict harm . 
  so still a net gain in terms of lives saved , although clearly at a high cost and great risk . 
  is there actually so little assimilation that the arab neighborhoods in france as as different from france a the palestinian arabs are from the israeli ? 
  or are there just a few egregious neighborhoods ? 
  if you 're at the wall-building phase , it seems like you 're acknowledging that these communities have become de facto foreign/hostile territory . 
  right , isolate as much of the threat as you possibly can and then neutralize/assimilate what you have to . 
  you ca n't fix generations of hatred and mistrust overnight , so it 's important to have actual defense as part of your defense policy . 
  does he make the false-flag claim in there ? 
  the translation from / r/worldnews does n't seem to bring it up . 
  i 've been envisioning it as something closer to falun gong . 
  scientology is actually evil and more than just a run-of-the-mill cult at odds with governments . 
  i also just trust the us government , though , when they refuse to extradite him on the ground that turkey ca n't produce any evidence that holds up to scrutiny . 
  in the current situation , that 's giving the turkish government room to blame the us for everything ( maybe that was their plan all along ) , so it does n't seem like the us would refuse to extradite him just for any political advantage . 
  maybe if it were a country like iran , but turkey 's a nato ally in a key geopolitical location - important enough that they 're the single thing keeping my government from recognizing the armenian genocide . 
  in the / r/worldnews version of this post , there 's a comment by a claimed native turkish speaker ( backed by another ) that says the translation for the video does n't match at all what gulen actually says . 
  could someone that speaks turkish confirm/deny that here ? 
  edit : ** / r/worldnews post was removed with [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4t67tm/fethullah_g%c3%bclen_turkey_coup_may_have_been_staged/d5f4bok ) as the top comment ** here 's the translation as per the native turkish speakers on that thread :  i do miss [ turkey ] , however i sometimes feel like staying here . 
  i have n't left this building in two years . 
  i have been living in reclusion . 
  they do n't bother ( disturb ) me here . 
  there 's no one to bother me here . 
  the freedom of a person is very important , the fact that no one should disturb a persons freedom is an important issue . 
  maybe the meaning of freedom is human ( that person ) . 
  in the islamic justice system and [ the ] modern justice system there are five or six things that should be protected , and one of them is freedom ( liberty ) . 
  because i feel free here ... 
  i saw coups , torment in military coups . 
   the people who feel sympathy for you , i have been living here for fifteen years , they tell me that there are a lot of schools here . 
  one of them was under construction and i was passing by so they took me there for a tour , i did n't go to one of them . 
  i do n't like being seen ( in the spotlight ) . 
  but the people who feel sympathy towards you , who are , one way or another , inspired by the things you write and talk about , i do n't know if i am worthy of that , they do the things they do . 
   but they can not stomach this . 
  because they can not tolerate the existence of any entity but themselves , even if there is a movement ( attempt ) to bring people to heaven , to the prophets , because they can not tolerate it , i think , they want to slander you . 
  the previous topic , this current situation , is it a scenario prepared by them ? 
  its like looking through a ( small gap ) , you can see , i 'm not saying a parted door but ... video cuts off, 
  he leads a movement called hizmet ( `` service '' ) that has its own take on islam and significant political clout . 
  until 2013 , the turkish government and gulen were friends . 
  then a corruption investigation happened , and the akp blamed it on gulen . 
  since then they 've labeled his movement a terrorist group and demanded the us extradite him ( again yesterday ) . 
  each time the us 's response has been roughly along the lines of `` sure , if you can send us any evidence that holds up to scrutiny . '', 
  keep in mind that akp/erdogan are the same people that purged their military 's high-ranking officers over an alleged coup that there 's absolutely no evidence of - the country 's top court overturned convictions because there had been no proof whatsoever that ergenekon conspiracy even existed . 
  similarly , there have yet to be any charges filed against gulen , even in turkish courts . 
  so he 's more or less become their go-to scapegoat . 
  plus saying `` it was gulenists '' is kind of like `` oh , it 's just the communists again '' in that it draws away any popular support for an action and makes it sound like it only reflects the interests of a fringe minority group that inexplicably hates the state . 
  :( just sucks that nato ca n't easily justify adding a member who 's already under invasion by russia . 
  y' all just drew the short stick even though you 've put in so much work . 
  mix of both . 
  he won the 2014 election ( amid allegations of fraud , of course ) with 51 % of the vote ( 2nd place got 38 % ) . 
  but he 's also been purging the military and justice system and getting rid of essentially any meaningful checks and balances against him . 
  a couple years ago , for example , he charged high-ranking military officers for a planned coup there was no evidence of ( this later got blocked by the courts ) and then replaced them with his stooges . 
  he also moved from the pm position to the presidency while pushing for constitutional changes that would make the president much more powerful and much more political ( in turkey , the president 's not supposed to be a partisan ... although erdogan campaigned for his party while president ) . 
  so he 's an elected strongman who 's undermining key democratic institutions and slowly trimming away human rights like freedom of speech - not to mention the secularism that 's been a huge part of turkey 's civil-political identity .
