  only 1/3 of americans are registered independent . 
  moreover , by the mechanisms of fptp , the moment another group 's able to unify more americans than either of these two parties , they become a major party themselves . 
  we 've essentially taken the coalition-building stage of other governments and moved it to an earlier phase ( pre-elections ) , turning the dems and gop into big-tent coalitions of multiple ( sometimes conflicting ) interest groups moreso than parties . 
  that 's got its advantages - we 're at least able to form governments unlike belgium and do n't have to rely on unstable coalitions ( although obviously our parties are n't as unified as parties in belgium ) - but at the same time we penalize people for voting their top preference in elections . 
  the parties are n't some secret societies - they 're us . 
  just like we were able to change the way senators get elected or how the electoral college works , if we * actually mobilize * and push for instant runoff voting , we 'll be able to pull it off on a state-by-state basis and eventually make it happen nationwide . 
   not sure i necessarily agree with this point if i understand correctly . 
  electronic voting machines are not the answer , too easy to tamper with , too difficult to audit . 
  they can leave a paper trail . 
  i 'd still prefer them to an equally unaccountable , equally tamper-vulnerable system where we have people making all the decisions by hand . 
  at least with automation we apply rules and can tell whether they 're being managed consistently . 
  and we have backed-up , transferrable records that open us up to independent verification . 
   i think another key factor we 're missing is in order for democracy to function an informed electorate is necessary . 
  the media being an abject failure in this regard this election season . 
  i 'd blame that on polarization , not just the media . 
  we 're more polarized than we 've ever been since the civil war , and while i agree that at least part of that 's because of the sort of `` lie and get the public to vote for you '' behavior we saw with brexit ( on both sides ) , we 're also responsible . 
  with the internet , we 've started filtering out opposing viewpoints and building our own echo-chambers because they make us comfortable , seemingly not even recognizing when the environments we 're in are skewed and fringe . 
  there 's so many debunked talking points repeated all across reddit and i 'm genuinely afraid of the chunk of the electorate that gets its news and views from this site as if it were perfectly objective . 
   also the primary system/parties being overly insular needing voters to register many months in advance before they have a clear idea of each candidate and not encouraging voters to switch between parties each year , depending on candidates . 
  the fact that it all comes down to 2 primaries is also a problem . 
  we need to get rid of fptp and make third parties genuinely viable . 
  right , there are * allegations * of foul play . 
  just like we see every election , and moreso in a polarized , anti- `` establishment '' environment where calling things `` rigged '' scores you political points . 
  is it disturbing that a lot of people did n't get to vote ? 
  yep . 
  but it 's more likely that resulted due to an outdated , overly manual , not-super-accountable , and way under-financed ( that 's where the caucuses come from ) system than because some men in cloaks were running the show . 
  the disenfranchisement and failure within the american political system does n't happen in the sorts of places you 'd look for in russia or iraq . 
  i 'm not sure why we 're focusing on these numerous huge conspiracy allegations when there 's the much more blatant and easily verifiable problems with financing , a disarmed voter rights act , and `` voter id '' laws . 
  i was referring to claims of rigging - trump 's made 'em for just about every primary , but there have been [ purge reports ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/news/republican-voter-suppression/ ) from both sides as well . 
  in either case , if the democratic party screwed up more in a specific way than the gop this cycle , that does n't imply rigging - it 's just a predictable result of separate parties ( of which the dems are significantly larger ) and separate primary processes . 
  independent management means that you 'll often have mistakes on one side that do n't happen on the other , just out of the sheer nature of probability and the independence of these events . 
  it 's what appeals to us as well . 
  we 're the kind of country that invents fortune cookies and a whole fake chinese cuisine that confuses the hell out of yao ming , reimagines pizza , etc. 
  we 're eclectic but not indistinct . 
   well every person has some sort of skin color , not sure why this should be a matter of importance . 
  i meant a specific one . 
  one thing i noticed is that , when i think about the ideal american , i do n't really imagine them having a specific race . 
  it 's just something i caught onto when trying to draw the ideal american and only then realizing that the mass in my imagination just ... did n't have a skin color , hair color , or eye color . 
  it had skin , eyes , and hair ... just not specific ones , if that makes sense . 
  it 's like how you can imagine a tiger * with * stripes but then not be able to count the number of stripes just because you never thought about it . 
  i agree with your views about the enlightenment ( although i think we all underrate the progress that 's happened after ) , but i think that 's the big difference between the americans and europeans . 
  we both have some degree of civic nationalism , but you guys have way too much diversity to drop the separate cultures . 
  lol there 's claims of rigging on both sides , and the parties operate their voter rolls separately because the primaries are run by ( and for ) the parties . 
   that should not be good enough for a country that prides itself on freedom and democracy . 
  i agree ; that 's why these things are getting investigated . 
  but that does n't mean we 're rigged - it means we need to up our election game significantly . 
  yeah , but warhol grew up here . 
  he at least went to college here and developed his distinctive artistic style here . 
   the culture we have in the us and canada is just whatever appeals to the masses of other nations , which is why it has such mass appeal . 
  i do n't see how you could get that from our cuisine , architecture , etc. 
  these are based on the natural evolution of * our * culture - we have n't even been exporting our cultural developments to other nations for most of our history . 
  europeans certainly did n't give a fuck about william james , mark twain certainly did n't write for the pleasure of the french , and * casablanca * sure as hell was n't made for a german audience . 
  civic nationalism is not incompatible with a culture . 
  regardless of what the reddit hivemind believes , we 're not the kind of hollow country that 's gon na rally around optimus prime and kim kardashian 's butt . 
  i mean , the very fact that it 's * americans * complaining about how our culture seems to overvalue this ( just like how it 's americans that complain about `` kids these days '' and whatnot ) shows you that we actually value something else a whole lot more and define ourselves not by reality tv but , y' know , by the things we actually do - like bastardize cuisine , actually innovate the hell out of cinema to the point that other countries are moving from british to american english , etc. 
  consumerism is a big part of that in the post-wwii era , but we 're a huge market and we 're certainly not just producing cultural capital for other countries to enjoy - or accepting consumerism wholeheartedly . 
  given that voter purges ( targeting no-longer-eligible voters ) are regular events , these seem more like signs of a dysfunctional system than a rigged one - a system where incompetence and mistakes can seriously disenfranchise hundreds of thousands . 
  keep in mind that we 're still a country where someone incorrectly copying down a social security number manually can cause someone else to be wrongly declared dead . 
  and i 've been taken off the organ donor registry twice because the person at the dps screws up . 
  there 's a lot of manual , unaccountable , error-prone layers everything goes through . 
  not seeing any evidence of intent in here . 
  hey , we did have 4 independent republics join our union . 
  sure , one of them existed for a short span of time during the mexican-american war , another was basically us occupying hawai'i , and texas just kind of broke away from mexico to join us in the first place ... and vermont 's just that 14th colony kinda thing ... but ... 
  i was mostly joking . 
  while the anc has some serious issues , south africa is clearly faring better under them than it would under a dictator . 
   it 's the most prosperous nation in africa ... eh , that 's like being the russian who drinks the least vodka . 
  the `` rigging '' of our elections is also hella exaggerated on reddit . 
  this site 's occasionally fringe ( particularly during election season ) and tends to build echo-chambers rallying around causes and pushing facts that often deviate from american opinion or reality . 
  i mean , if the 10:1 ratio between sanders ' subreddit 's subscribers and the clinton subreddit 's subscribers does n't tip you off that this site 's incredibly skewed , you could also just look at the length of time questionable anti-hillary news persists on / r/politics even after bigger things come up vs. the amount of time it takes for anything that 's good for hillary ( like comey pointing out that the 3 classified emails she sent were n't properly marked ) to come up . 
  it 's a positive feedback loop that reinforces uncommon views , creates a skewed image of america for most non-americans on this site , and leads to false equivalences like `` american elections are rigged just like russia 's . '', 
  you can find many threads like [ this one ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4rojrq/ryan_formally_requests_clinton_be_denied/d53ejcf?context=8 ) in the larger ( or even smaller , like / r/neutralpolitics or / r/snowden ) subreddits where a series of comments repeats and echochambers around debunked talking points that arouse some very specific feelings about american politics - and typically no one really pops in to break the circlejerk . 
  it 's a side effect of how ridiculously polarized our society 's become politically since the '90s . 
  just look at how extreme a skew you 'll see with clinton 's approval ratings ( astronomically high when she was secretary of state , dismal today ) . 
  there 's no consistent narrative , really more of a / r/mandelaeffect-style situation of `` i 'll believe any apocryphal report that says what i want it to '' and sadly not much concern for sources and facts . 
  then there 's the anti-establishment waves we 've had since 2010 that strongly reward statements like `` this system is rigged '' ( because that 's how they feel ) and we end up here . 
   it 's pretty obvious i 'd appreciate a source . 
  all i 've seen so far are apocryphal reports and some questionable use of statistics , typically involving exit polls and this weird application of the binomial distribution that assumes the exit polls were perfectly accurate to begin with and arrives at ridiculous p-values that literally only reflect that actual outcomes did n't match exit polls . 
  that 's an unsubstantiated talking point as of right now , with [ independent fact checkers ] ( http://www.politifact.com/nevada/statements/2016/may/18/jeff-weaver/allegations-fraud-and-misconduct-nevada-democratic/ ) finding no evidence after multiple reviews . 
  there 's been apocryphal reports on / r/sandersforpresident and other sanders supporter-controlled subreddits about wipes or thrown-away votes , not to mention some heavy statistics abuse when it came to exit polls , but nothing actually confirmed at this point despite multiple investigations . 
  not to mention that most of these reports are coming from reddit , which tends to be a pretty fringe group politically and regularly exaggerates or invents american flaws . 
  if you 're actually in sweden and get most of your news about here from reddit ( i hope not ) , a lot of what you see on / r/politics has been taken out of context and possibly even debunked . 
  : / we 're a pretty polarized country , sadly ; that 's probably our biggest flaw politically . 
  2000 bush was more of a shitshow than anything . 
  supreme court decision was silly , but it had a reasonable basis if you read it , even if it ended up overruling the popular vote ( which is n't intrinsically that bad of a thing ; electoral college has one advantage of adjusting for geographic turnout disparities ) . 
  dem primaries are at this point a partisan conspiracy theory caused by a new generation of people coming in and realizing just how weird and confusing the primary process is . 
  lots of unsubstantiated irregularity reports , exaggerated studies , reliance on things like exit polls with documented biases . 
  pretty sour grapes tbh . 
  i like how , in major american ( and canadian ) cities , you do n't even have to drive 5 miles for the street signs to cover 5 languages . 
  when you mentally imagine the ideal german , or even the ideal european , does he or she have a skin color ? 
  europe has a lot more baggage than the us ; we had a frontier to work out our issues and blend together into one big culture , but europe 's got thousands of years of history and most of its big states can trace their history to right after the fall of the roman empire . 
  there 's just a lot more diversity along geographic lines than there is in the us . 
  that 's not to say the eu 's going to fail . 
  but it 's just going to be a very distinct project and perhaps a more beautiful one - a great big state that unites many cultures that still retain their distinct identities , more of a conscious political and economic union taken up as a project by these peoples to make sure their progeny have a greater shot at peace and prosperity . 
  in a way , you guys have a shot at making our union look easy . 
  it was formed on ideals , but also closely tied to ethnic notions that melded themselves with politics . 
  the revolutionaries , for example , were fighting for their rights as englishmen - and until jackson , you had to be a white , landowning male to even vote . 
  until just over 65 years ago , whiteness was a part of the national political identity and other groups were largely disenfranchised - and today , to some extent , we 've still got people believing the us is a christian , white , anglo-saxon nation . 
  it 's just that , over time , we move toward the `` more perfect union '' that our founding fathers sowed the seeds for and start to see ourselves more as a country built purely on ideals . 
  i know you 're mostly joking , but there 's actually quite a lot of distinctive depth to american culture . 
  we 've got our own literary traditions , our historical defining events ( salem , the civil war , the alamo ) , native philosophical traditions , artistic traditions ( remember jackson pollock ?
