  andy warhol ? 
  ) , the derivative yet distinctive architectural styles we see from just about every era ( and even in our suburban housing ) , our own style of plays and musicals ( hamilton !, 
  ) , probably the most recognizable cinema culture in the world ( yeah , we 've got michael bay , but there 's also james cameron trailblazing the way we communicate images , tarantino showing us that violence * can * be tasteful , etc. 
  ) , television traditions ( american daytime/nighttime tv , the offspring of * the daily show * ) , sports ( we invented basketball , american football , and baseball ) , food ( a rather eclectic and experimental approach ; even the more isolated subcommunities end up adopting other communities ' styles because they just taste good ) , holidays ( * coca-cola * created today 's santa claus ) . 
  we do n't have the same type of ethnic , linguistic , or religious identity you 'd see in most parts of europe , because we took a different approach to defining ourselves . 
  consider that most of the european countries some of us claim to want to move to ( norway !, 
  sweden !, 
  romania with their fast wifi !, 
  the uk so i can be posh ! ), 
  probably are n't gon na be as accepting of even an american with ancestry from their country as the us is going to be of an immigrant from asia or south america . 
  the ideal american does n't have a specific skin color , eye color , hair color , religion , etc. - like the person above you said , it 's civic nationalism for the most part . 
  but that does n't leave us without a strong sense of culture . 
  \\* muttered , confused `` fuck yeah '' 's *, 
  even in the northernmost reaches of america , when we talk about `` the border '' we almost always mean mexico . 
  you 're the exciting neighbors with great food , historical depth , and distinct culture . 
  canada and the us are like an apartment complex where people `` know '' the neighborhood but do n't really know it ; mexico 's the family across the street who 've been here for a long time and every time you visit them they 've got something new that just blows your mind . 
  thanks for letting us eat your food . 
  great . 
  now czechs are taking american jobs too . 
  pretty much . 
  it does come into play in situations like cyprus , though , where there 's enough political pressure to create incentives . 
  the invasion and forced annexation of the baltics , holodomor ( which would meet the international definition of genocide if we get stronger evidence of intent ) , and many others would have violated international law of the time . 
  british people misinformed about the eu ? 
  well , i 'd be damned . 
  too late to do much about stalin , unfortunately , but many of his actions were illegal and are recognized as such . 
  or really as far back as we 've had these international frameworks . 
  no way to go after vlad tepes or genghis khan for crimes against humanity , but if someone decides to do the same today we can go after them as they 've violated international law . 
  what ? 
  we invented it !, 
  it 's ours for sure . 
  that 's a nice euphemism for losing . 
   something like three fifths like the americans used to do . 
  that was n't even for african-american votes . 
  unless you were a white landowning male , you could n't vote until around the 1830s . 
  boy did we fuck up the whole democracy part early on . 
  i bet you got even more mad when you found out the average american colonist was hella rich compared to the average brit of the era . 
  oh , and when you realized that the first shots of the french-indian war we did n't wan na pay for were actually fired under the command of the same general that would fight y' all off during our war of independence . 
  the recent ones , yes . 
  but right before that we saw leave leading since early-mid 2016 , and remain leading before that . 
  that might work the other way . 
  if london 's not going to push for much more diversification in the scottish economy , scotland 's going to have to do it on their own . 
  not quite . 
  my congressional rep. is pretty far right and yet every time you run into him he 'll brag about his role in pork barrel legislation that helps us build the massive highways around here . 
  i 'm kind of freaking out this year because all the underdog betting market predictions are happening . 
  trump won the gop nomination when we 'd agreed back in december that `` whoa that 's a bad idea and not gon na happen '' and then last week the cavaliers just came back from a 3-1 deficit against a historically successful team to win the nba championship ( their first ever , in 53 years ) . 
  the odds of trump winning in november are about the same as brexit odds were a week ago ... : /, 
  sorry , did n't realize i was in / r/s4p . 
  true . 
  it was kind of a dick move on our part to break away instead of paying our share for the seven years ' war . 
  eu = economically and politically preferable , but still a massive clusterfuck with a ton of baggage and lot of hate for being bureaucratic/distant brexit = right-wing populism , no economic benefit but repeatedly points to being screwed over by external groups looks pretty much like clinton vs. trump to me . 
  but tbh i would n't mind if you 're down to trade trudeau . 
  [ you finally really did it . 
  you maniacs . 
  uh , hey , we 're still here . 
  if they do n't , alaska 's looking pretty underpopulated still . 
   time for enforcing rules in germany , is n't that all the time ? 
  that 's what you said about us 240 years ago , is n't it ? 
  man am i gon na celebrate this fourth of july if there 's another scottish referendum . 
  you 've got ta admit there 's gon na be a lot of humor in our 13 uppity colonies forming a government that outshines and outlasts the united kingdom . 
  ah , but no * true * scotsman voted to leave . 
  * okay * britain, 
  i think / u/nocebohadal might be referring to turnout , but even then scotland 's representation here does n't deviate too far from scotland 's population as a share of the uk 's . 
  only two pollsters had leave winning in their final results . 
  i believe the border is already under an open border treaty or at least an unmonitored friendly border . 
  or just the exit , since in the long run we 're talking about england leaving the uk too . 
  or just cuddling up with wales and continuing to call themselves the uk like nothing 's changed . 
  but does n't it make sense for scotland to have more control over itself ? 
  you guys diverge from the english pretty hard politically and yet - even with devolution - my home state of texas has more power over itself than the country of scotland does . 
  we 're not even that culturally different from the rest of the us , our history as an independent country was less than a decade long , and politically we do n't have to worry about the other states throwing us under the bus even when the government 's more liberal than most texans would like it to be . 
  large societies with few borders work great when you have some serious federalism and acknowledge the cultural and political diversity of your people . 
  in the long run , an independent scotland connected to the eu and pushing it in the direction of federalism seems like it would accomplish that much better than a scotland ruled by london . 
  that said , germany could get in the way of that due to its immense economic power . 
  small states tend to be reluctant toward entering in unions with much more powerful ones unless they have some assurances that germany and france wo n't drown them out . 
  given that `` the eu is just germany and france '' is a major brexit argument , perhaps the eu 's model wo n't really work at that point either . 
  i 'm happy about that possibility for different reasons - i think we 'll see more of a ` domino effect ' from scottish independence than we will from brexit . 
  the success of independence movements will lead to the sort of reorganization that would also make an european federation much more viable in the near future since smaller states are in much greater need of international trade and alliances . 
  or as my country once put it - small states faced with a potentially hostile world have two options : [ join or die ] ( http://www.usflags.com/images/thumbs/0004030.jpeg ) . 
  i think the existence of the eu has a lot to do with it , though . 
  we 're moving away from the nation-state model where a united kingdom held an advantage over the rest of europe toward an environment that could be a lot more hospitable toward an independent scotland , catalonia , basque country , etc. 
  if we 're on the path toward an european federation or something close to it , there 's some incentive toward reorganization so the federal units more closely match the individual cultural and national identities in europe . 
  if you get a single common market with not just england , wales , and ireland , but with the rest of europe , defense through nato , and the ability to pursue the social democratic policies your own populace heavily prefers to the conservatism of england without becoming extremely vulnerable to a much more powerful state , the balance shifts a lot . 
  the destruction of the british superstate and its political power . 
  i suspect uk 's not gon na stay together much longer if leave passes and nothing happens to reverse the decision . 
  if leave passes and another scottish referendum happens , this is it , innit ? 
  the final nail in the coffin of the british superstate that once held a quarter of the world 's population . 
  might be possible within our lifetime that we 'll see a united ireland , an independent scotland , an england that 's just england and maybe wales . 
  rip uk ; you 've finally achieved what germany failed to pull off about 75 years ago, 
  agreed . 
  the inter-irish border becoming an eu/non-eu border will be interesting . 
  i suspect we 'll see another scottish referendum in the next 3 years if leave passes . 
  wales might be stuck to england , though . 
  it 's orange to me . 
  '' ... and then they 'll [ irradiate their own planet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpbzj90su8a ) . '', 
  yep , but iirc there are actual houses in dc as well but the cost of living is so high you 've got ta be super-well-off to actually live there . 
  so adjusting for purchase power on a us-wide basis does n't really account for the disparity at all . 
  i do n't know if you 've noticed , but the neofascist alt-right stuff 's been a threat in europe longer than it has in the us . 
  there 's victor orban , the brexit camp , britain first , le pen 's front national , etc. 
  my first reaction to trump was a fear that more of what we 'd been seeing in even the richer eu countries would spread over here , tbh . 
  we 're generally a lot more corporatist and capitalist than the eu , for sure , but as far as racism/nationalism goes we 've had an advantage owing to the lack of an ethnolinguistic `` american '' identity . 
  so that 's why dc gets inflated .
