  so comparing it makes no sense whatsoever . 
  i 'm not trying to excuse putin in any way but i think any country in the world would mass their troops on its border with a country in civil war . 
  i completely understand the russian people 's fear of kiev-like events taking place in russia . 
  however i wanted to point out how there are no viable alternatives cause putin is crushing them . 
  so it 's no surprise that only radicals are ready to challenge him . 
  it 's nothing new in politics . 
  only yesterday he was taking part in a debate ahead of the july 13th election that will take place in slovenia . 
  he was found guilty of receiving bribes in the [ patria case ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patria_case ) . 
  this verdict is seen by himself , his party and numerous supporters who actually came to say goodbye to him , as a political process constructed by the left-wing . 
  [ slovenian article with accompanying photos of today 's event in front of the prison ] ( http://www.rtvslo.si/slovenija/foto-jansa-ni-podal-zahtevka-za-zadrzanje-kazni/339864 ) i have to point out that this verdict is regarded by a vast majority of the population as fair . 
  edit : sorry but i ca n't seem to find any english-language article . 
  the scariest part is that the people actually support these crackdowns cause they see the opposition as a threat to russia progress . 
  it 's a simple equation . 
  repress your opponents until they radicalise . 
  proceed to call them extremists and terrorists . 
  act as a saviour . 
  i never said lithuania is not good looking . 
  she just needs to put some make-up on . 
  estonia is like the hot blonde one , latvia is the redhead with nice tits and a hint of a russian accent and lithuania is the brunette that looks up to her sisters but just is n't quite there yet . 
  uuuu ... no disputes , huh ? 
  [ vice 's artcicle on the raid ] ( http://www.vice.com/read/lazarat-albania-cannabis-axel-kronholm1?utm_source=vicetwitterus ), 
  do you guys generally have many disputes ? 
  how would you describe your relationship ? 
  i see you like three sisters with estonia being the coolest one , followed by latvia and lithuania ... 
  slovenia only just retains the glamorous title ` winner of transition ' . 
  so if you were to go to the north part of mitrovica you 'd probably be unable to communicate with the people from your own town . 
  that 's heavy . 
  yeah ... no . 
  just how deep is the ethnic divide in mitrovica ? 
  do albanians speak serbian and vice versa ? 
  i used to pass by plitvice every summer and never stop . 
  i will one day tho . 
  but it must be insanely crowded there in the summer months , right ? 
  slovenia ahead of croatia and bosnia and montenegro ... weird . 
  paging / u/mindofmetalandwheels . 
  amongst all this talk of bailouts and deadlines , i wonder what has syriza actually done back home in greece . 
  are they doing a good job ? 
  it was fairly similar here in slovenia . 
  if you do n't add fuel to the fire via police brutality , protests have a way of dying down . 
  while i agree that there is no ethnic conflict atm in macedonia , we have to stay vigilant . 
  these things have a way of escalating . 
  1 crazy person counts more than 100 normal ones ... as seen numerous times in balkan history . 
  why are the albanian parties aligned to gruevski ? 
  surely he is more anti-albanian than the left-wing parties ... 
  is there a sense of any new parties emerging from this protests ? 
  so is an turkish scenario more likely ? 
  the conservative , right-wing , corrupt party stays in power despite protests due to the majority of the country still being backwards . 
  edit : so what is up with the main albanian party ? 
  are they willing to switch sides to distance themselves from gruevski ? 
  i 'm fairly confident these protests will bring down grievski 's government . 
  however , i 'm not so optimistic that they 'll bring significant change . 
  the opposition is likely to take the next election and that will most likely be that . 
  do n't see this escalating too much with the eyes of the eu on skopje . 
  if there was an early election , i presume zaev would win , correct ? 
  could he form a majority though ? 
  would the ethnic albanian parties go into such a coalition ? 
  [ balkanist live ( ish ) blog from skopje ] ( http://balkanist.net/balkanist-liveblog-macedonia-protests/ ), 
  do n't be an idiot . 
  fertility rate drops as poverty drops . 
  get yo facts straight & watch [ hans rosling 's excellent lecture on the subject ] ( https://vimeo.com/79878808 ), 
  this sucks so much . 
  i hate the fact that there are terrorists out there ready to attack . 
  i hate the fact that ` top-security officials ' add to the climate of fear . 
  football manager, 
  how lovely . 
  yeah , me too . 
  it 's nice to see that it 's a two-way process . 
  how do fascists right-wing czechs view slovaks tho ? 
  or is there no hostility even there ? 
   uefa did not allow czechoslovak football league what was the reasoning behind it ? 
  i imagine cl , le qualifiers would be an issue . 
  instead of going for a league , maybe a cup would be a better idea . 
  the current cups ( speaking from a small country 's perspective ) are totally shit and boring . 
  hoping to see sth like that between ex-yu countries . 
  did you have cyrillic script in schools prior to the split with serbia ? 
  and what 's the status now ? 
  particularly in the north with a greater serbian population . 
  random question : who supports the ni football team ? 
  is it all unionists ? 
  i came to the comment section to find the reason behind these protests but this is just so much more fascinating . 
  this should be at the top of the comment section so that people can understand these numbers properly . 
  there is usually no big difference between gdp and gnp but in ireland that is not the case . 
  operating as a tax haven can do wonders for your numbers but the people hardly get anything out of it . 
  this reminded me that a while ago , some guy translated [ all ljubljana bus stations ] ( http://www.renton.si/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/ljubljana-english-lpp.jpg ) to english . 
  i think they mean the national team . 
  hi-tech shithole obviously, 
  i actually heard the story why this is the case . 
  the croatian mission travelled to germany in 91 hoping to get their recognition as an independent state . 
  the germans or rather their chancellor at the time agreed but said they could not be the first ones to do so . 
  they said it had to be done by a neutral country i.e. 
  one that did not play a part in the cold war . 
  so iceland was apparently their first choice . 
  i 'm guessing this scenario applied to most newly formed states . 
  it means whatever the fuck the author think it means lol . 
  i guess as far as i understand it , like countries that are vital to the union 's existance . 
  i know , stupid . 
  cuz you lot are apparently very much tied to and love your hungarian neighbours making you a-h bloc . 
  pls rank top 5 shittiest . 
  for research purposes . 
  the whole map is a mess tbh .
