  does it have a dead-line until it can operate ? 
  i guess purely out of humanitarian reasons ... 
  it just does n't seem right to send a person back after he risked his life and spent so much money to get where he is . 
  can someone explain to me why are these people willing to live in appalling conditions for months just so they can get to the uk ? 
  why do n't they just try to settle in france ? 
  almost instantly . 
  you ca n't tell a croatian not to drink . 
  same as they could n't enforce a smoking ban in closed areas . 
  i 'm curious how come a flat country like england has a speed limit of only 112 km/h . 
  well they 're mostly designed to end traffic jams and provide locals with cheap tolls . 
  but yes , in the case of slovenia for example , it 's inexcusable that a tourist visiting croatia has to pay a 7-day vignette for his 2-hour drive through slovenia . 
  it was a pre-election thing . 
  not anymore . 
  well austria & italy can thank the british military for threatening the yugoslav partisans with arms . 
  otherwise they would have taken carinthia and trieste ... 
  the title is misleading . 
  you make it seem like tito tried to claim territories to himself . 
  it was a proposed agreement between equal parties of bulgaria , albania & yugoslavia . 
  it 's fairly similar here with tito . 
  we do n't like to say directly that he was a dictator as we take pride in forming the non-aligned movement and not being behind the iron curtain . 
  so it 's impossible that we were a communist dictatorship , right ? 
  it 's not like the ussr did n't have its own plans on invading western europe . 
  they were just plans . 
  this myth is also prevalent in ex-yugoslavia . 
  we were told yugoslav partisans delayed the invasion of the ussr . 
  interesting ... 
  i love the name of the battle . 
  ljubljana won for : - raising environmental awareness amongst its citizens , - its sustainability strategy `` vision 2025 '' , - implementation of several urban green measures , and - its remarkable transportation network . 
  the environmental protection programme , the sustainable mobility plan , the sustainable energy action plan and the electro mobility strategy all work together towards an integrated vision for the city . 
  ljubljana has also made significant progress in green public procurement , which has been implemented for 70 % of all city purchases . 
  furthermore , eco-friendly transportation alternatives such as public transport , pedestrian and cycling networks are becoming more and more popular . 
  other nominees were essen , nijemegen , oslo & ume\u00e5 . 
  [ extra info ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_speech-14-498_en.htm ), 
  i might as well share my town 's version : [ happy novo mesto ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g53tajkaviu ), 
  kind of ironic that it 's on the same day that slovenia and croatia declared independence which led to the eventual break up of yugoslavia . 
  i am not ready to make a claim as to just how many of the fighters are foreigners as i do not have these figures . 
  and neither do you . 
  but from my experience , these numbers are always bloated . 
  as they were for example , when mujahideen came to bosnia to aide the local muslims . 
  the croatian and serbian media seriously overestimated their numbers to make a case against bosnian muslims . 
  the terms proxy and civil war are not mutually exclusive . 
  in fact they go hand in hand really well . 
  look at civil wars through history : spain , russia , drc congo , croatia , bosnia , syria ... all include a strong foreign presence on the ground and in terms of support , be it with money or arms . 
  however this does n't make those wars any less civil . 
   so did the uk also had civil war during the troubles ? 
  it was n't an all out military conflict so that it could be called a war . 
  but , yes . 
  it was a case of paramilitaries fighting each other with a biased military present . 
  so calling it a civil conflict rather than war seems correct . 
  there were people from literally all over the world fighting in the spanish civil war . 
  from wikipedia :  a civil war is a war between organized groups within the same state or republic . 
  why is everyone so afraid to call it a civil war ? 
  like it alters reality or sth . 
  do you think the serbs in croatia or bosnia were all willing to fight and in support of the war ? 
  of course not . 
  it 's always some idiots with guns supported by states/people with their own interests . 
  but they are there . 
  they have guns . 
  like it or not , they have some support from the people . 
  i saw a vice report where people gather to greet the vostok battalion . 
  brain washed folk , but local citizens nonetheless . 
  [ his supporters ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9msrwrh.jpg ) said they 'll camp out in front of the prison every day until he is released . 
  the sign on the photo says : janez jan\u0161a 1st day in jail . 
  does he also claim that it 's all just political ? 
  then why the fuck is no one reporting on this ?!, 
  how come only you know about these armoured vehicles ? 
  why is vice not reporting on this ? 
  why is aljazeera quiet ? 
  even biased western news channels make no such claims . 
  i 'm not denying the presence of russian fighters there but 80 % ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   locals are not looking for dead bodies at morgues . 
  80 % are buried in the forest or taken back to russia . 
  source ? 
  cause this just seems like some propaganda bullshit to me . 
  i am against the rebels . 
  but i can not deny the truth . 
  the scenario we are witnessing in eastern ukraine already happened in croatia some 20 years ago . 
  same stories , same idiots , same lies . 
  the serbs in croatia who were backed by serbia took up arms to fight resulting in a bloody 4-year civil war . 
  from wikipedia :  a civil war is a war between organized groups within the same state or republic . 
  it 's not like only the regular ukrainian army is fighting the separatists . 
  paramilitaries are involved in the fighting on both sides . 
  fuck , guys . 
  i am against the separatists but we have to be honest about this conflict . 
  edit : calling the russian-speaking people of eastern ukraine ` mercenaries ' is really unfair . 
  of course there are people from outside there . 
  of course the separatists are being supported by moscow . 
  but there are also regular people there . 
  they might be brain-washed by the propaganda but they are locals who have their fears . 
  yeah ... 
  it is . 
  you guys ... you know very well that only russia shares its border with the troubled east . 
  of course romania does n't mass troops . 
  why would you . 
  the fighting is taking place far away . 
   although the west of ukraine ( bordering poland ) is quite calm compared with the east . 
  yeah ... 
  it is . 
  actually it is completely calm .
