  * religious differences are very sharp , especially since turkey is a lot more conservative than the other two majority muslim candidate countries ( bosnia and albania ) . 
  this will cause a lot of upset among the christian democrats in the eu , who tend to have a mildly religious definition of european identity ( i do not share their views ) . 
  * turkey is currently governed by an authoritarian and very conservative party which has consistently implemented policies that take turkey further away from the criteria it would need to meet to become a member . 
  this implies turkey is n't serious about joining the eu on the terms everyone else accepted . 
  * turkey has a long land border with syria , iraq , iran , armenia , azerbaijan , and georgia . 
  the last 3 would probably become membership candidates if turkey joined , but the first 3 are historically fairly volatile places and would present a very real security risk to european borders . 
  an enormous border fence with extremely high levels of security would have to be erected to stop illegal border crossings if turkey entered the area of free movement . 
  * turkey has an oppressive record towards minorities , especially the armenians and kurds ( there are others i am less familiar with though ) . 
  turkey needs to acknowledge and aplogise for the armenian genocide and provide for kurdish autonomy or independence if it wants to join the eu . 
  a unitary state without rights for kurds is incompatible with the cosmopolitan eu . 
  fyrom ( former yugoslav republic of macedonia ) is the preferable placeholder name if you object to referring to the nation by the name ` macedonia ' . 
  thrace would be equally confusing because it could imply a claim on parts of turkey or bulgaria as well . 
   the moment it goes to a referendum though , the no side will win . 
  just like how greece left the euro and the sovereign debt crisis lead to the downfall of the common market ? 
  i am very reluctant to trust claims of absolute truth about european politics , even if i tend to lean towards one side myself . 
   not forever . 
  money market investors have short memories . 
  there are better places to save your money offshore these days . 
  panama for instance . 
   obviously some people want to join , but a majority appear not to want to join . 
  very sensible people , the icelanders ... 
  there 's no majority in favour of either joining or remaining outside in recent polling . 
  a vast majority of people want to continue negotiating so they can see what deal they get . 
  most people are backing pro-eu or neutral parties in the general election polls ( about 60 % of the electorate ) . 
  the icelandic state has been borrowing money on the international bond markets for a couple of years already . 
  they are already trusted again . 
  private debts - the ones impacted by the icesave scandal . 
  they wrote off billions and essentially crushed confidence in their private banking sector forever . 
  the ability to take out sovereign debts is different . 
  the nation was too small to guarantee all the savings people were making in their country , meaning that those savings were lost to foreign depositors when the bank concerned failed . 
  the government underwrote all domestic savings , however . 
   relative to the eu , standards of living in norway will rise , just as swiss standards of living stay well ahead of those in the eu . 
  i think that 's incredibly unlikely given how unsustainable the norwegian and general nordic economic model is . 
   the oil is n't running out and even when it does their sovereign wealth fund is incredible . 
  the chances of them having a localised economic downturn are incredibly low and even if they do they will get out of it much more efficiently as an independent country with an independent monetary policy . 
  this is more of a matter of public perception for norway - it 's not a view shared by some of the opposition parties or activists groups who have been advising caution in the face of vast overspending . 
  without a resource base norway 's standards of living will need to drop . 
   that 's why iceland 's financial crisis has not lead to a move towards the eu , but in the long run cemented euscepticism in iceland . 
  their application is frozen at around 50 % completion and the vast majority of people wish for negotiations to continue . 
  the difference between pro-europeans and eurosceptics is within the margin or error with a large number of people undecided ( because they want to see the terms ) . 
  this is the major problem with the `` nobody wants to join the eu '' narrative - it is n't really true . 
   as an independent country with an independent monetary policy , iceland recovered far quicker than portugal , spain and greece and now has very low unemployment . 
  they defaulted on their debts , and failed to underwrite private debts as well . 
  that was immensely damaging to their credibility . 
  the inability to underwrite the debts of foreign investors as a sovereign state means that people are unlikely to trust their banks again . 
   it is of course far better for norway and iceland to be out than in . 
  subjective , but the status quo will hold until is ceases to hold . 
  i sincerely doubt it 'll go on forever . 
   are you a politicologist ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the term . 
   macedonia is a part of northern greece , i think the name of the country your looking for is skopje . 
  macedonia is a historical region overlapping both greece and the fyrom , so neither country has an exclusive claim to the name . 
  `` north macedonia '' would be a perfectly reasonable and accurate term to use . 
   the eu should accept countries that are actually ready for the eu . 
  ukraine is decades away from that . 
  of course . 
  that 's why they need to work with an internal priority and dedicate little to no time towards processing applications from countries that are n't ready to join . 
  they have several steps to get a country ready and plenty of time to use them as an incentive for anti-corruption drives in ukraine . 
   if brexit happens , ironically , i see that as a trigger for norway to join as the uk was always a friend `` on the inside '' . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think things will get worse for norway over time and their high standards of living may become relatively average for europe , leading to entry some time in the future . 
   you are greatly mistaken if you think the naming dispute is going to go away or that it wo n't be an instant veto from greece . 
  one day there will be a deal and that 'll be it . 
  syriza in greece and a new government in macedonia will be the best opportunity to sort it out in a generation . 
  stating `` we are now called the republic of north macedonia '' and shaking hands across the table does not require extensive negotiation , it just requires leaders confident enough to take the plunge . 
  you 're thinking of kosovo . 
  montenegro gained independence from serbia in a recognised and legal referendum that serbia acknowledged . 
  montenegro is a fully recognised member of the international community , but kosovo is not . 
  it 's a major stumbling block , but as i understand it serbia is more interested in eu membership than reclaiming a former province inhabited primarily by albanians . 
  the main contentious issue is whether northern kosovo ( majority serb ) should rejoin serbia or remain part of kosovo . 
  the debate over that needs to take place though , and the only reasonable time to have it will be after the eu consolidates a relationship with countries that are entirely in europe . 
  only an example , but sure . 
  i 'd still have them join in sequential years . 
   no , this is not conceivable . 
  any financial crisis or economic downturn that impacts norway will impact the eu in a much worse way , which would entrench euscepticism in norway even further . 
  it 's likely to be localised to norway honestly . 
  their sovereign wealth fund is n't especially sustainable once the oil runs out and in the event of general resource exhaustion . 
   once the uk leaves . 
  on the balance of probabilities that 's probably not going to happen . 
   i think that norway is probably a lost ship , the latest polls on the eu i 've seen suggest they do n't want to join soon . 
  of course , but they can join if they ever choose to and their entry should be relatively simple if they ever make that decision . 
  it could be made more likely by a financial crisis or economic downturn in norway , especially if it damages their maritime industries beyond repair . 
  i 've never been of the opinion that the norwegian status quo is sustainable even if the two main parties there think otherwise . 
   i still see people bitching about giving funds to poorer eastern nations like romania or bulgaria , imagine the amount of bitching if a bunch of balkan countries joined . 
  their total population is less than either state on their own , iirc . 
  adding them one at a time will probably be the preferred solution to entry issues . 
  montenegro 's population of about 700,000 is basically a drop in the water compared to what the eu attempted ( foolishly ) before . 
  their existing use of the euro essentially means ratifying a pre-existing political reality in many cases . 
   expansion plans for everyone should be freezed except perhaps for the smallest of states like montenegro who already have a decent level of development . 
  macedonia/albania/montenegro should join because they 're small and the problems they face are relatively easy to overcome . 
  the entry of serbia/bosnia/kosovo are conditional on better relations and internal stability . 
  if the eu announced that albania would join on jan 1st 2018 , montenegro on jan 1st 2019 , and macedonia on 2020 then i ca n't see any major issue on the horizon . 
  i would agree for a sustained pause in eu enlargement after the entry of all balkan states though ( with the exception of iceland and its frozen application ) . 
   in the meantime , ukraine should be given their trade treat , given military guarantees and then we 'd need an administrative take-over to root out the oligarchs . 
  agreed . 
  talking about eu entry for ukraine is premature . 
  it 's not going to happen in this political generation . 
  petro poroshenko and his colleagues are likely to have retired long before ukraine joins the eu . 
  free trade with the eu is certainly a possibility though , and would be a logical step for both countries to take . 
  i think the eu needs to expand to the balkans to shorten its border and reduce the burden of treating the remaining post-yugoslav nations as second class to current members of the eu . 
  the migrant crisis saw a lot of migrants entering the eu , departing , and then reentering to avoid potential issues of making most of the trek through the schengen area .
