  if you 're coming from ukip 's angle , i 'd be best placed stating that liberalism = / = libertarianism . 
  liberalism these days focusses on social issues , and talks about greater opportunity in the place of the forced organisation of society . 
  the gap is and always has been over the economy , which divides lib dem members from mildly centre-right to mildly centre-left . 
  consensus has always been firm over individual freedoms , as well as intergenerational justice ( hence stronger economy , fairer society ) . 
  the centre position on the economy is a tactic mixed in with a push for drug deregulation , increased free trade ( eg . 
  ttip , membership of eu ) , and a focus on education . 
  on select issues such as green policy , the nhs , and mental health , the lib dems are promising more than both . 
  i assume you 've seen the wizard of oz lib dem analogy floating around - the lib dems will give a brain to labour and a heart to the tories . 
  this does n't mean we do n't have our own instinct when it comes to small government or personal freedom , but it does mean that we 're offering something the two main parties do n't already have . 
  as you may have guessed by the pronoun change , i 'm a lib dem candidate ( on the local level ) . 
  i know tim farron and i can assure you he neither speaks like or acts like a social democrat , nor does our party have a largely non-liberal base . 
  i get the impression that you 're taking this from the viewpoint of being a conservative or labour yourself ( considering that you 've misspelled the names of lib dem figures ) , the figures you identified form the `` social liberal forum '' and do n't espouse social democratic ideas . 
  the main reason the lib dems attracted a left-of-labour base is because new labour got involved in the iraq war and alienated people who were economically on side with labour but socially opposed . 
  hence ` social liberal ' . 
  social democracy in the lib dems died out in the 90 's when labour modernised , hence why lib dems lost vote share in '92 and ' 97 . 
  i ca n't really comment directly on your predictions , but most of that seems rhetorical . 
  lib dem membership is increasing , the voter base is already ' a tiny rump ' of 9 % , constituency polls are suggesting this 50-55 % drop in mps . 
  that 's not tiny and that does n't de-legitimise the party given that it still equates to millions of votes . 
  i 'd go as far as to say that the lib dems have demonstrated the lowest rate of ideological change over time , remaining consistently liberal whilst the tories reinvented themselves in the late 70 's / 80 's and labour did the same in the 90 's . 
  social democrats do n't really exist in the liberal democrats - it 's considered to be social liberal . 
  classical liberals tend to form the core of the leadership , so i 'd say you 're wrong there too . 
  i think you 're wrong because the same argument could be applied to suggest that labour ( 1945 ) is not the same as labour ( 1997 ) because one is socialist and the other is social democratic . 
  it 's visibly the same party , with the same members , voter base and continuity of representatives . 
  ideology has changed as gradually as it has for any other party , so it feels like you 're picking at straws . 
  it 's the same party . 
  it 's legally equivalent and its packed with former liberal members . 
  it 's absurd to claim that there 's some kind of conceptual difference . 
  to say the lib dems `` formed '' from nothing is absurd . 
  it 's legally the same party and has a continuous identity and membership . 
  the link does n't lead to anything . 
   but due to the region occupying around 80 % of skopje 's land mass , their claim would be rightful , more so than the claim to macedonia that that only covers about 20 % of the country . 
  maybe if you 're talking about the kingdom of macedonia , but the historical extent of macedonia was increased later on to include almost all of fyrom 's territory during the time of the byzantine empire . 
  macedonian nationalists are weird to claim ancestry from alexander the great and all that rubbish , but they do have a fairly strong case for being entirely inside a historical region known as `` macedonia '' . 
  the themata of macedonia is even more confusing , because it was almost entirely in thrace . 
  there 's a lot of precedent for the name and location of macedonia shifting . 
   implementing this change does not in any way preclude us from conducting complex negotiations across all states that want to join . 
  these are not mutually exclusive policies . 
  i know , which is why i 'm not suggesting we freeze negotiations with anyone arbitrarily . 
  i just think we should place greater political emphasis on enlarging the eu to cover the rest of the balkans before encircling russia . 
   the premise on which your logic hinges is that countries in different stages of joining process largely occupy the same resources , and therefore reducing the amount of applicants will speed the process for remaining countries . 
  no , that 's not my argument . 
  i think we should line up applicants and have them enter one at a time so that the potential impact of their entry is minimal . 
  they 're already tiny countries , but the potential populist rhetoric against an entry of 3 or more balkan countries at once is difficult to predict . 
  if we admit one and face problems straight away then we have time to respond and adapt before the next one enters as well . 
  any nation negotiating should continue to do so , but the eu should make it clear that members wont be admitted in a huge burst as they were in 2004 . 
  instead ( perhaps with the exception of serbia and kosovo together ) their accession timelines should be intentionally stretched out to coincide with the most convenient time for them to enter . 
   you seem to think that countries at different stages in process of joining occupy same resources . 
  this is false . 
  one rarely infringes on another . 
  i do n't understand this sentence . 
   at the same time consideration and ongoing process helps to motivate integration in the target state and provides for good source of pressure on leadership structures that may be opposed to joining . 
  integration begins long before the actual application is processed . 
  ukraine is several steps behind on the journey to submitting a serious application . 
   one thing we will always have on our side compared to other regional hegemons is the lure of our wealth . 
  we should not be afraid to use it when needed to help with reforms and building of working civil society . 
  of course , but we should n't use our wealth to suffocate emerging economies . 
  free money tends to cripple development for generations ( see sub-saharan africa for further details ) . 
  i do n't think integration can proceed without designating a second-tier membership along the lines of what the uk and scandinavia appear to want in order to ensure reluctant member states can remain in the eu without being forced to converge too quickly . 
  i do n't know really , i ca n't really find a clear definition online other than mentions of the term in american english . 
  i like going around on reddit and responding to political statements or questions in intense detail , that 's all . 
  i do have an academic background in politics but it is n't my job at the moment . 
  because they are n't anywhere near as oppressive towards the hungarians as turkey is towards the kurds . 
  numerous provisions have been made for the residents of the szekler region in accordance with eu law . 
  i do n't see anything comparable happening in turkey . 
  that said , it would desirable though not essential for romania to devolve greater powers to an autonomous region there . 
  many other eu states are n't explicitly federations , but have found their own home-grown ways to respect regional and minority rights . 
  turkey is a long way from that . 
  i 'm sure you 're telling me that based on all the facts available to you , but i 've met plenty of norwegians who feel otherwise . 
  it 's just not the kind of thing you stand up and say because it 's not going to make you popular . 
  part of it comes down to 3/4 party coalitions essentially trying to gain as much spending as they can for their interest groups rather than thinking more carefully about the overarching national interest . 
  i do n't really want to go into detail because i do n't want to identify the particular group who told me this or accuse another of your parties of bad practice , but i think the whole issue is essentially party political . 
   well , he does n't know much if he thinks albania will join before montenegro . 
  i 'm pretty sure he does know a lot considering he 's sat on negotiating committees and participated in discussions on accession during his 20 years in the european parliament . 
   montenegro is the most likely to join , and then serbia and albania in the next tier . 
  serbia is also quite a bit ahead of albania in terms of the actual process , but , of course , there 's the kosovo problem . 
  so who knows . 
  you ca n't judge the likely speed at which a country will enter based on the number of chapters they 've closed in the acquis . 
  you ca n't judge it on whether an application has been received either - turkey 's has been stagnant for years . 
  i 'm not sure why you think it 's so clear cut . 
   macedonia/fyrom/north macedonia is a wild card , because of the naming dispute making the process frozen , but it probably wo n't get resolved for at least 5-10 years ? 
  it 'll happen one day out of the blue . 
  it seems like it 's the subject of irregular talks and eventually two statesmen will forge a compromise . 
  our next best shot at that is after the fyrom elections on june this year . 
   bosnia/kosovo have n't even applied for eu membership ( bosnia did less than two months ago but the application has n't been accepted/recognized yet ) . 
  if you 're not convinced by what i 've just said then have a look at this chart that shows the speed at which a member was able to enter after applying . 
  many states apply and find other states joining before them despite applying afterwards : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/timeline/48b948dade64b6f18865e8b986de2f12.png, 
   as it stands , i doubt that even a referendum to apply for membership would pass , let alone a referendum for actually joining . 
  there is no serious push for eu membership in iceland now . 
  despite polling evidence for rejecting a conventional membership deal with the eu , there is overwhelming support for such a referendum and widespread support ( larger than the opposition ) on continuing negotiations . 
  here is the evidence : http://icelandmonitor.mbl.is/news/politics_and_society/2016/02/03/majority_rejects_eu_membership/ i was going to link you two more , but they 're in icelandic so i 'm not sure most people would be able to understand them . 
  the pirate party essentially represent that `` let 's have a referendum and consider the offer the eu puts forward '' mentality . 
  it 's the most pragmatic attitude i 've yet seen in an eu candidate country . 
  icelandic membership negotiations could be a real breakthrough towards creating the kind of two-speed europe that we desperately need to retain the uk as a member . 
  oil , over-investment in infrastructure that will need to be maintained , ageing population , potential resource exhaustion , political complacency . 
  i 'd say the outlook would be worse without mass immigration , but fortunately they 've ended up with a lot of young foreigners who may yet end up providing the economic output needed to let many scandinavian people retire comfortably ( or might not ) . 
  i get a bit frustrated because the whole concept is a kind of left/right consensus without much criticism on either side . 
  the eurosceptics love norway and the super idealistic lefties do as well . 
  nobody stops to consider that a government could be making future spending commitments that it wont be able to meet even when they are running a notional surplus . 
  i have an undergraduate degree in a related field and i studied european politics as part of that , but i do n't have a super high level of knowledge . 
  main reasons for turkey 's incompatibility : * very large population and size makes it difficult to integrate quickly into the eu , as the country will inevitably alter the way the single market behaves especially after the free movement of labour comes into effect .
