you benefit the least from it , tbh . 
  you get the lowest return on your tax money . 
  i wish there was some way to make my web browser filter out any article or comment involving owen jones . 
  utter lunatic . 
  for me also , but plenty of nationalists have told me that citizens is some kind of aggressive right-wing fifth column of the pp . 
  if only politics was that clear cut . 
  i 'm inclined to trust the newer parties in this election , and especially local coalitions interested in real change . 
  big respect for regionalist or municipal parties that have managed to take power . 
  many people would also categorise citizens as somewhere on the right-wing spectrum , and many nationalist parties also agree with pp on economic issues . 
  i 've been discussing it with a number of people from different backgrounds on a forum elsewhere , we were talking about nomadic cultures in particular . 
  it 's not something i 've studied officially , but it 's something i read about as a hobby . 
  of course . 
  the hungarians ( the magyars if we want to be specific ) were the most significant but certainly not the last migrants into the kingdom of hungary . 
  the cuman people who fled from the mongol invasions may well have reintroduced tengriism , due to their turkic roots . 
  before them the avar people ( also turkic ) would have left a strong tengriist ethos . 
  the loss of medieval transylvania to the mongols would have reinforced the dominance of that specific pagan religion too . 
  there 's more to it , of course , since the hungarians are a ` ugric ' people , and would have had a number of songs , legends , and rituals that still persist today . 
  although magyar history and culture has been lost in the 3 suspected settlements of the nomadic magyar people prior to the conquest of pannonia ( modern hungary ) , we can still see some rudimentary connections between the khanty and the magyar people in ancient folklore and song . 
  the khanty are in effect the forest magyars , people who never took to horseback riding and remained insulated from mass migration . 
  the common structures between these two peoples , isolated by countless centuries , suggests that folklore is not eradicated by christian influence . 
  when we talk about hungarian history we often have to be careful to avoid straying into the ` turanist ' falsified account of history . 
  the magyar people are obviously descended from a number of formidable nomads who fled the pechenegs ( yes , also a turkic people ) from modern day ukraine and romania into hungary , at that time controlled by bulgaria and a proto-czechoslovak state . 
  the reason for the great variety in belief and folklore before , during , and after st. stephen 's time is due to the presence of many different cultures , many of which persisted into the 20th century . 
  whilst the roots of hungarian culture and language is not descended from turks , europeans , mongols , or iranians , the presence of all such cultures in the vicinity of hungary has led to one of the most fantastic and unpredictable cultural ` melting pots ' in europe . 
  in response to boilerbuttslut , it is very ironic that a tengri shaman is blessing a christian crown . 
  this comes from a strange understanding of what makes hungary as it is , and seems like an offensive gesture to the king 's memory . 
  nevertheless , all kinds of faiths criss-crossed through hungary in this era . 
  a celtic druid frolicking naked through the chamber , a slavic priest clattering his staff like the sound of thunder or an iranian magi lighting a holy fire in the crown 's memory would all play some part in what this crown represents . 
  st. stephen made a pact with the west to secure hungary 's permanent place in europe , but his formal rejection of tengriism would have left open the door for a multi-confessional hungary for centuries to come . 
  i 've rambled a little but i hope this expresses my thoughts clearly to both of you . 
  a tuvan shaman would presumably adhere to tengriism , which in some accounts was the religion of the ancient hungarians due to contact with the tengri-worshipping turks living on the steppes with them . 
  it 's the religion saint stephen would have formally rejected at his coronation with this crown . 
  i 'm a liberal democrat and nothing about the chp has inspired me or shown me that they have something in common with my party . 
  i think that 's inevitable because c 's will be expected to form a coalition of some kind with pp if pp is the largest party late this year . 
  my knowledge of spanish is too weak to go through the video content , but i appreciate that their finance policies do n't look particularly left-leaning . 
  i would n't describe them as anything further than centre , and i give them that label because they occupy a ground formerly held by upyd and because they seem very interested in portraying themselves as less right-wing now that their appeal goes further than people opposed to catalan independence . 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but every person who tells me that comes across as left-wing , catalan nationalist , or has a spanish republican flag as their flair , which makes me feel that it 's deeply subjective . 
  they 're definitely to the right of psoe but i 'm unconvinced that they 're rigidly ` right-wing ' . 
  i think their success will ultimately lie in portraying themselves as being to the left of pp . 
  neither will leave . 
  public polling in greece shows widespread support to remain in the euro , and public polling in the uk shows a record majority in favour of remaining in the eu . 
  ciudadanos is generally a big tent , i think ` centre ' is probably the most apt description until we see what kind of demands they make in coalitions . 
  what we need is a ` heat ' map of the percentage of votes cast for one specific party ( or electoral alliance ) in each electoral division . 
  a bit like this : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3a/northern_ireland_assembly_election_2011.png although it should be vote percentage instead . 
  are these accessible and possible to plot ? 
  this could give a better indication of where pp support has held up , compared to areas where they ` won ' because the left fragmented into multiple parties . 
  why did someone bother to label upyd on this map ? 
  they 're a joke . 
  nate silver is an expert on two party systems with fptp ( the us ) , i think he 'd be pretty mediocre at predictions in any multi-party system ( fair or otherwise ) . 
  ironically he even got the scottish prediction wrong by some distance , which suggests that he could n't even predict the level of support for the snp/degree of tactical voting . 
  it makes his predictive skills look fairly puny in the grand scheme of things . 
  he did get involved but he was wildly off , suggesting that his methods simply do n't work in multi-party systems . 
  i ca n't say i remember his administration in belgium , but he 's a worthy successor to graham watson as alde 's leader . 
  his accent actually makes it funnier for me , to be honest . 
  guy is and always will be my favourite mep . 
  alde may not be in its strongest position ever , but the banter never stops . 
   if it were the case that candidates/agents had to review the rejected ballots before the result was announced then that would give an effective veto to those that disliked the result by just not doing so . 
  indeed , and i do n't disagree . 
  if anything i was trying to clarify and expand upon what you said . 
  my main theory is that this guy did n't exercise his right to view the papers when they were presented , and might not have been present at the counting table during the count itself . 
  quite possibly he turned up for the declaration only . 
  it sadly does remind me of a tusc candidate i met during the 2014 locals who was rude , abrasive , and unwilling to sit patiently as votes were tallied by candidates and agents . 
  it may be a widespead attitude , although i would n't want to tar all of tusc with the same brush . 
  there are clearly candidates and agents of all persuasions who do n't take the count seriously and do n't make the effort to view ballots for themselves . 
   well the point of verification is so that the number of ballots verified , number of ballots counted for each candidate ( + rejections ) , and the number of votes cast as recoded at the polling stations match so it would seem rather odd that a bundle would be mislaid as that would mean those totals would n't match . 
  i think it 's unlikely too , but what would happen if an entire ballot box ( for the process of argument the sole box from a polling station ) was mislaid ? 
  would this mean that the report of ballot papers issues would have been lost too ? 
  as far as i can see it , this would lead to a consistency between the 3 . 
  it seems unlikely given the relatively high turnout ( just under 9000 in that ward iirc ) but i ca n't think of any other clear explanation if his ballots are not found on the rejected pile and he and his family/friends are n't lying about who they voted for . 
  they are presented to the candidates at the end of a council election count . 
  i ran for council at the same time as him ( in a different area ) and they placed the half-dozen rejected ballots on the table in front of us when the count was completed for our ward . 
  one labour candidate did indeed challenge a ballot that was deemed ` rejected for uncertainty ' , but it contained a marking in another box and was consequently not possible to accept . 
  candidates have the ability to view all ballots cast in their area , none of which have identifying factors ( rejected if they have them ) . 
  it does n't violate the secret ballot , to respond to sambri 's question above . 
  my theory is that all ballots cast for him are amongst the rejected for uncertainty pile , possibly because people voted for more candidates than they were entitled to ( eg . 
  a second mark for labour ) , made remarks that could identify the voter ( eg . 
  `` stop cuts to public services on forest drive '' ) or marked the paper in a way that was deeply unusual in some way ( a scrawling partially or largely outside of the box for the intended candidate ) . 
  the best solution to this problem is to find those ballots again , making sure that they have n't been binned . 
  another possibility is that there was an issue during verification ( a separate part of the process ) and a bundle of 100 votes has been mislaid , amongst which all of the tusc votes are contained . 
  this could be because a ballot box from his polling station was mishandled , but probably would n't be down to any kind of fraud ( it 's difficult to see why someone would deliberately mislay a single bundle ) . 
  sad , but still ready for whatever the future brings for the liberal democrats . 
  labour would n't vote against its own queen 's speech . 
  for an election to happen , snp and the rest of the `` progressive alliance '' of plaid , sdlp and the greens would have to vote it down . 
  it 's pretty likely that such a grouping would hold a majority and equally likely that none of them would risk bringing down labour on the possibility that the tories might get in . 
  the issue would be labour being held to ransom without a clear way to start an election on its own . 
  the only currently known method would be for labour to present a budget and then whip its mps to vote it down - this would dismantle their government then leave 2 weeks in which labour would have to ensure that no other government forms before an election starts . 
  the prime minister is n't allowed to call an election anymore . 
  save for a few rather absurd circumstances the parliament must fulfil its 5 year mandate . 
  that 's true , 1 is a bigger number than 0 . 
  quite frankly it 's coming from both in equal measures . 
  we 're not far from the tories being the largest opposition party in scotland . 
  the eu is better at obtaining free trade , however . 
  plus it 's a better guarantor of free trade of all factors of production ( including labour ) within europe . 
  the comparison with the labour party was because ( i assume ) you view the lds as being to the left of where i view them as being . 
  i could make vast numbers of comparisons with the tories on issues of personal freedom given how much bad legislation the lds have had to veto . 
  i live in a tory/lab marginal and i 'm not going to vote tactically . 
  if you 're equidistant from the two parties then it makes little sense to vote tactically unless you have a strong issue with one of the actual candidates . 
  there are more policies but i 'm not going to dictate the manifesto to you . 
  i 'd have to write an essay comparing ld and labour policies to express in what sense ld policies require smaller government and are less invasive into the private sphere . 
  given that the old liberal party created the earliest recognisable welfare state and that the loss of support to the tories involved a break over free trade ( the continuing liberals maintaining their commitment to it ) , i figure these are ` liberal ' in the british context too .
