  combined with a more robust border control i think the inclusion of the remainder of southern europe is likely to lead to increased security , rather than worsening it . 
  economic benefits also factor into it . 
  the nations concerned are significantly smaller and two among them have already adopted the euro unilaterally . 
  the populist rhetoric directed at larger members such as poland and romania wont really have the same effect when the potential burden of immigration will be minimal . 
  the impact of breaking down the barriers that went up after the fall of yugoslavia could be immense . 
  their position between existing member states and the relatively painless integration of croatia makes me feel confident that adding balkan states one at a time in successive years would lead to positive rather than negative results for europe as a whole . 
  many of these countries have already taken massive steps to integrate their laws and political culture to the type practices in long-time eu members , so the actual perceived loss of independence is unlikely to constrain their nations much . 
  a lot of countries already view the policies prevented by eu membership as being undesirable anyway . 
  the same does not apply to potential members to the east , so i 'm uncomfortable with including them in the near future . 
  the eu needs to be prosperous and fairly well integrated with moldova and ukraine for them to have any realistic chance of joining . 
  the political culture in both countries are currently too unstable and corrupt to permit membership . 
  most likely ukraine will spend at least another decade on the outside before serious negotiations even start . 
  the eu should finish off integrating the rest of the balkans ( plugging a ` hole ' in the eu that does n't really help with much ) and then turn its attention to the large and controversial applicants to the east ( ukraine and turkey ) . 
  they should have the chance to participate in the single market like norway/switzerland even if full membership is n't offered . 
  ** basic priority i 'd suggest would be : ** * macedonia , montenegro , albania ( no issues of major significance to the eu as a whole ) . 
  * serbia , bosnia , kosovo ( some issues of major significant to the eu as a whole ) . 
  * iceland and potentially norway/switzerland ( if they choose to resume negotiations after an election or referendum - not saying this is likely ) . 
  * moldova , ukraine ( serious issues with major significance to the eu ) . 
  ** then a point where the eu seriously considers whether to stop enlargement entirely and deny new membership except to microstates or new nations within its current borders . 
  if they decide to proceed , they should work along the lines of : ** * turkey ( almost entirely incompatible with the eu at present and for the foreseeable future ) . 
  * any other post-soviet state , eg . 
  belarus , georgia , armenia , azerbaijan ( would require the collapse of russia 's sphere of influence and enormous social and political change ) . 
  ** after this point i think would be enlargement or change far beyond any prediction . 
  if the eu survives the tests of time then we could well be in the position where an african union or other similar political blocs push up against the borders . 
  making moves beyond the states already pencilled in as potential members would really be a test of a new political conviction based on total globalism - a situation in which the entire world is a single federal democracy . 
  whether people want that now is largely irrelevant as it almost certainly wont happen in our own lifetimes . 
  ** my reasoning for the above is that macedonia 's naming dispute is essentially a triviality that will suddenly find a solution one day , and the issues for albania and montenegro are essentially passing laws and changing practices in a way they 're already doing . 
  i spoke to a group leader in the eu parliament immediately after croatian accession and he felt albania was the most likely of these . 
  serbia/bosnia/kosovo is an ethnic minefield coupled with one actual and another potential partially recognised state . 
  the resolution to this may change borders and could involve extensive arbitration and bilateral treaties . 
  given that we have no defined time when this will happen it is difficult to envision one of these three entering the eu with minimal conflict . 
  the frozen applications are entirely down to popular sovereignty in their countries , but i think there 's a fair chance of iceland entering under special terms similar to the ones enjoyed by denmark . 
  the same terms could be adapted to allow the faroe islands and greenland a special membership of the eu as autonomous parts of denmark . 
  it could likewise mean the norway is comfortable with entering without damaging its fishing industry . 
  anything after that is a massive long shot . 
  free trade with moldova and ukraine is a good idea , but not free movement . 
  turkey is a no-go for decades and i think their application should be formally rejected on the grounds of total incompatibility with the eu . 
  enormous change would have to happen to alter that conclusion . 
  the post-soviet states are tucked between turkey and russia and are thus too isolated to integrate into the eu effectively . 
  tbh i 'm not a supporter of direct democracy on the scale it exists in switzerland ( i think an insufficiently informed electorate will inevitably vote for bad policies if referendums are held too often ) , so i 'm not really making a judgement like that . 
  i just think the swiss politics is better described as an indirect democracy with direct elements rather than just a direct democracy alone . 
  too much is done by elected representatives on a regular basis for it to be considered primarily direct . 
  yeah , but only really half . 
  i do n't think we can really count it as one at the moment . 
  i agree that a coalition with left-greens and bright future is likely if they need partners . 
  they may seek support from the social democrats though if they wish to restart icelandic entry into the eu . 
  the left-greens are eurosceptic and may not wish to support that even if it gets approved in a referendum . 
  at the moment the icelandic people are strongly in favour of a referendum and marginally in favour of resuming negotiations . 
  both of those are likely to affect perceptions of the ultimate terms of entry if and when they get negotiated , so it 's difficult to say what public support for joining will ultimately be like if the time comes . 
  yeah , i think that part of their platform is pretty sinister and delusional really . 
  i get the frustration with copyright law but a lot of their initial activists were pretty much saying `` let us steal things ! '', 
  without that policy plank they 'd basically be trendy liberals , but it 's not possible to describe them as such when they do n't respect people 's rights to private property , even if the property is intellectual or intangible . 
  which is the first ? 
  ancient athens ? 
  what 's the deal with the pirates taking almost all the support that initially went to bright future in the polls a year or two ago ? 
  ubi is generally not considered to be a overly leftist policy . 
  it 's largely minarchist and libertarian ( although not right-wing ) in its outlook . 
  remember that basic income would replace and abolish the welfare state , meaning that poorer people wont really get much if any more money . 
  this is why direct democracy is a bad idea . 
  keep it to matters of constitutional importance and let elected representatives do the rest in consultation with experts . 
  yes , but the huns were n't magyars so i do n't really see what 's so funny about it . 
  so essentially a hungarian equivalent of `` john english '' . 
  not that shocking . 
  leave it turned off unless the website has very invasive ads . 
  the adblock i use allows you to add exceptions for websites using a fair amount of ads , or only have the adblock turn on when you want it to . 
  i personally agree that denying publishers revenue is bad , but having an adblock you can turn on every now and again is n't too much of a big deal . 
  if a website with invasive ads sees dropping viewership and ad revenue , they might learn from their mistake . 
  get an adblocker extension that you can turn on for sites such as these . 
  so finnic languages have a similar lexical distance from hungarian ( to which they are distantly related ) as they do from swedish ( to which they 're not related at all ) ? 
  interesting . 
  varies across the uk . 
  when i lived in the north it was uncommon for people to take their shoes off in the house and i was the odd one out for doing it at university . 
  in the south i seldom see anybody wear their shoes in the house , as most houses i visit have a mat or area of the floor where you 're expected to stand whilst you remove your shoes . 
  other houses i 've seen have a shoe box or rack . 
  it 's a loss . 
  they 've removed a subject rather than work towards improving it into something suitable . 
  it 'd be far better if they turned it into a study of religion that included the study of islam . 
  in my experience it 's something that divides the anglophone world , some parts do and some parts do n't . 
  i found that people from northern england were less likely to take off their shoes when they entered a house than people from the south . 
  i think you misunderstood this statement a little . 
  the tories were far stronger than labour in scotland a few decades back . 
  nothing , i just think cameron is stupid for demanding more when we do n't need any . 
  we should have our in/out vote based on the situation now because it 's not going to get any better than this . 
  to be honest it 's already a two-power system given the enormous damage cameron has done to our relationship with the eu . 
  he 's seen as more of a homewrecker than a leader in the eu , and i do n't think he 's able to participate conscutrively in policy making for the eu when he wants the uk to be so heavily opted out of everything the eu tries to accomplish . 
   i 've already seen some articles dragging him through the mud instead of doing good reporting . 
  well he is ( probably ) a murderer . 
  he certainly has earned the scrutiny he 's getting now . 
  they probably feel that they are expressing their individuality and uniqueness by dressing how they want , and are not selling out to mainstream politics . 
  thanks , i 'm not sure how i made this mistake . 
  i 'll delete this link and resubmit using the correct url . 
  united russia and its three satellite parties are the only ones with mandates to the duma . 
  left-wing eurosceptics are in gue/ngl . 
  efdd is mainly right-wing or catch-all populists . 
  everyone with the exception of m5s is very clearly on the right . 
  enl is a newer party formed from parties that were too edgy and right-wing for nigel farage and beppe grillo ( leader of m5s ) , so they 're all to the right of efdd . 
  [ here 's an extract from my dissertation if you 'd like to read more . 
  ] ( http://www.mediafire.com/download/fgp62c1btn0lid5/efdd_and_enl.pdf ) i actually wrote it before enl was formed and mentioned some of the `` non-inscrit '' unaligned parties that still do n't have a group . 
  the ones that are still are unaligned are mostly outright fascist/communist parties . 
  sure .
