i found some interesting statistics on the uk used car market here : http://www.buckingham.ac.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/pnc-2014-usedcar.pdf the tldr is that there are four times as many used cars sold in the uk compared to new , with more than half of those sales being vehicles aged 5 years or under . 
  the significant age being 3 years ; at which point many buyers of new cars will offload a 3 year old car because that 's when it starts needing annual mot tests . 
  less than 20 % of used car sales are of vehicles aged 9 years or more . 
  heard some this weekend , in a cafe . 
  we ca n't go by thanksgiving because we do n't celebrate it and there is no equivalent here . 
  anything before december 1st is generally considered `` too early '' , but supermarkets and shops get their christmas decorations on sale in november . 
  french : zaz . 
  in the uk you will typically get carded if you look under 25 , the trouble is , everyone has a different opinion on what a 25 year old looks like , so its a bit random . 
  you might find one certain place will always card you and another wo n't ; not because they have a different policy but because the people doing the carding differ in their opinion of your age . 
  i usually eat my evening meal at around 20:00 but my work shift is later than most . 
  usually the evening meal is the biggest of the day and i call it dinner . 
  the mid day meal is lunch . 
  but sometimes on a sunday , the biggest meal of the day is mid day , then i call that one dinner , and have a smaller meal in the early evening which i 'll call tea , and a snack later ( supper ) . 
  bellringers practise times maybe ? 
  live in great britain which is an island in itself . 
  within the uk i 've been to lindisfarne ( once ) , skye ( once ) , anglesey ( many times ) . 
  the only islands i 've visited outside of the uk were in canada ; part of the thousand islands region of lake huron , which we got to in a small motor boat . 
  an amusing thing happened halfway there ; the prop snagged on some reeds and the guy who was driving the boat got out , waded to the back , unsnagged it and got back in . 
  it was n't even waist-deep . 
  bassetts i expect, 
  2 , and only not a 1 because most americans think `` england '' is synonymous for `` the uk '' . 
  we did plenty of literature but no poetry . 
  i 'm not sure actually . 
  boardmans name came to my mind first though . 
  andy murray ( tennis ) . 
  chris boardman ( cycling ) . 
  actually i have , several times . 
  but house prices there seem to be as high as they are everywhere else . 
  no idea how a low-income redneck can afford them . 
  not really . 
  you have to be rich to live in rural england . 
  no renaissance fairs in the uk . 
  there are some historical re-enactment societies but they tend to be rather serious , long-term commitments , not something a visitor could get involved with . 
  however , these societies often put on displays at castles and other historic sites so if you want to see one , try checking the events listings on national trust and english heritage . 
  oh thats awesome , i will give that a try . 
  i have never actually heard of this day . 
  to be honest though , i think tourists and people overseas like it a lot more than we do . 
  most brits would n't bother watching it at all , either in person or on tv . 
  we do n't have a national day but air shows are very popular here . 
  other kinds of military displays , not so much . 
  apart from the air shows , people tend to go more for historical displays like the edinburgh tattoo rather than modern ones . 
  the nearest thing we have is trooping the colour , which is held on the queen 's official birthday . 
  native english limited french & german ( have n't really used them much since school but i know enough to be able to order a meal ) . 
  i can understand written german better than spoken , and i got by with german when i visited the czech republic when speaking to locals who did n't speak english . 
  want to learn : spanish and welsh . 
  chamois `` cloth '' is actually very soft leather - from the hides of the chamois goat . 
  aside from the chavs , the most notable endemic british species is the [ red grouse ] ( https://ashleighmoneysaver.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/thefamous-658x493.gif ) . 
  pretty much everything else is a subspecies , and they 're not even certain about the red grouse either . 
  you make saunas sound incredibly kinky, 
  somewhere in germany . 
  they are christmas crazy , i ca n't think of anywhere better for a winter break . 
  i think it varies from family to family and place to place . 
  my so 's family ( north-east england ) always greet friends and extended family with a kiss on the cheek , but only when one or both people are female . 
  men get a handshake only . 
  my own family ( east midlands ) , it 's only close family ( parents , siblings , kids , grandparents ) and we do n't worry about gender so much . 
  some of my gay friends will exchange kisses or hugs , or both . 
  in general though , i think hugs are more common than kisses for close friends . 
  i once talked with an old man who used to work on the tyne shipyards , which had an accent and dialect all their own . 
  i say `` talked with '' but i did n't understand a word he said . 
  i just nodded and smiled . 
  well we do have a phrase in english , to call someone `` a big cheese '' if they are very important ( usually in business ) . 
  so that kind of works . 
  in the uk there is only an hourly minimum . 
  any monthly/yearly minimum would depend on the number of hours you work per month or year . 
  the tallest building in stockport is a 22m block of flats but we also have the stockport viaduct which is the largest ( not the tallest ) brick-built structure in europe . 
  i find that most american accents sound more or less the same to me . 
  the only ones i can pick out are the deep south and new york . 
  you will be able to do that but it 's often cheaper to book online before you arrive . 
  you do n't need much prep in most places . 
  as long as you have the means to pay for a hotel room you 'll be fine just about anywhere . 
  i know of no country in europe that is misandrist . 
  since amazon warrior women disappeared i know of no such country in the world . 
  as for misogyny , i would guess at maybe albania or the ukraine . 
  kek . 
  no it costs fees to convert to dollars and then i would have nowhere to spend it . 
  nowhere here accepts payment in dollars . 
  we dont use euros either . 
  the only reason to save dollars is if you have a bit of cash left after visiting the us , its not worth paying the fee to convert it back so i save it for my next trip there or give it to someone else who is going . 
  no breaks ? 
  is that legal in your country ? 
  it would be illegal here . 
  not really flexible for me but i do 10-6 instead of 9-5 ( at my request ) . 
  i work one saturday a month and get a weekday off , which i can usually swap to a different day if required , but that 's about all the flexibility i get . 
  pretty much everything is free here ( uk ) except dental work , optician and prescription charges ( which is a flat fee of about # 8.40 per time whatever you get ) . 
  you dont pay extra to see a specialist but you must be referred by your gp , and there are no hidden fees like tests or clinical supplies ( wound dressings etc ) . 
  wait times are a thing and it can vary from one town to another . 
  you might wait 18 months for a hip replacement op while someone in the county next door waits only 6 months . 
  mental health care is very poor though . 
  while all your physical needs are met , it is nearly impossible to get adequate mental health care . 
  although that too might be just a local thing in my county . 
  i pronounce the spanish th like s but i thought i was just being bad at spanish . 
  i did n't realise some spanish speakers actually do say it that way, 
  yep . 
  my partner 's name is leslie and his japanese friend calls him `` resuri '' . 
  i thought that was just the normal essex accent ... 
  in the uk , typically the engagement ring would have diamonds , the wedding ring would be a plain or engraved gold band . 
  well i meant that we 'd only use the numbers 1 to 12 , not 1 to 24 . 
  my partner has a car but i do n't drive . 
  personally i do n't own any kind of vehicle . 
  uk here .
