2,000,000 views . 
  even if he gets 0,001 $ per view ... holy shitballs 2k per episode . 
  brb downloading minecraft and buying a microphone so i can make bad 20minute content for yt and get rich . 
  you 're invited to join if you enjoy blackjack and hookers . 
  and drugs . 
  and whiskey . 
  you 're getting a lot of shit for this comment . 
  all those shitcomments trying to be smartass about your comment are the real reason why this subreddit is stupid . 
  criticizing every fucking comment to death is not a discussion , at least not a helpful one . 
  especially that bullshit about you `` confusing russia and the russian government on purpose '' . 
  what the hell , everyone who said that intentionally misunderstood your comment just for the sake of commenting bullshit . 
  i think i 'm gon na unsubscribe . 
  north koreans agree that kim yong il was birthed by a rainbow-pooping phoenix on top of a mountain . 
  here , you might like these hundreds of episodes of some guy playing a videogame , because you watch videos that are videogame related , but you 've never intentionally watched a god damn letsplay . 
   hide these videos from now on . 
  hi , you might like these videos , they are more letsplays from some other dude who plays the same games . 
  ... really , youtube ? 
  consuming it is `` not illegal '' per s\u00e9 , but carrying an amount greater than 0,5 g is . 
  because any amount greater than that means that you had the intention to sell it , which is illegal . 
  you are very correct . 
  i did not intend to make that comparison , however . 
  it is just confusing to me , how the rationale `` we can not prevent hookers from walking the streets , so we should regulate them in order to improve their conditions '' has found it 's way into the heads of politicians , while `` we can not prevent people from smoking weed , so we banish it and put smokers in prison instead of regulating it and making a shitton of tax money '' still prevails . 
  it 's like the government accepts hookers as persons of lower value , willingly let them `` get hurt '' doing their job , but on the other hand they prevent the oh-so-stupid precious taxpayers from hurting themselves by smoking pot . 
  good guy government right there . 
  if only people would realize that the same applies to handling drugs . 
  regulation prevents abuse ( and creates profit ! ), 
  have n't watched hannibal , yet , but i assume this counts as a recommendation ? 
   i prefer to watch got in original , too , but have to wait for german dub because of my girlfriend , who is n't good in english . 
  i must disagree . 
  the ( german ) dubs i see in the cinema for live action movies are very well done . 
  sure , some puns get lost in translation , but the audio quality is top notch . 
  i 've seen movies in english where i could n't understand a word the actor was saying , not because my english is so bad , but simply because he was mumbling so much . 
  every single animation dub i 've seen so far , however , has been horrible . 
  12 year old kids speaking like they are mentally challenged makes me cringe . 
  you miss out on puns , not on jokes . 
  game of thrones dub is pretty well done , actually . 
  animation series however ... 
  they must rip those `` voice actors '' ( kids ) right out of third grade and tell them to speak very loud and clear into the microphone . 
  can not find another explanation as to why they speak like retards . 
  the german party known as `` die linke '' formed a few years ago when the smaller parties `` pds '' and `` wsag '' merged together . 
  `` pds '' stood for `` partei des deutschen sozialismus '' - party of german socialism . 
  their goals are to improve our democracy , whereas parties further to the left actually oppose the very idea of democracy . 
  so `` die linke '' still is a left-minded party , but not that far to the left - they sit immediatly next to one of germanys biggest parties , the `` spd '' in the bundestag . 
  the spd sits to the left of `` die gr\u00fcnen '' , who sit to the left of merkel 's party , the `` cdu '' . 
  of course , `` die linke '' is the party with seats furthest to the left in the bundestag , but that is simply because the parties further to the left did not recieve enough votes to make it into there . 
  basically , the `` far left '' ( or `` linksradikal '' ) parties are more extreme than `` die linke '' . 
  you find communist and even anarchist parties there , who are arguably as bad as far right extremists - were you 'd find the very opposites - faschism and dictatorship . 
  i hope my explanation could help you , otherwise please feel free to ask me again . 
   edit : clarified a thing about the parties ' goals . 
  before judging , please consider how many people actually live in germany , which is actually rather small for over 80 million people . 
  but it 's always nice to see maps that further the belief that we germans are very hateful people . 
  i 'm not even so sure . 
  if i understood it correctly , this crash means that every russian citizen has to pay 10 % more for food now . 
  the rich people in moscow wo n't care much , but the poor people further outside ( russia is big and has lots of poor people ) will suffer from this . 
  coming from an american :d, 
  and for those who do n't understand the hype : [ youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azevfd4c6ow ), 
  i ca n't get over the fact that these things are called `` boring '' machines . 
  that 's like calling bagger 288 cute . 
  still rather long , is n't it ? 
  oh the irony . 
  yup . 
  seen it coming . 
  this is called censorship . 
  period . 
  a gay meth addict . 
  this very topic came up in a history class a few years ago and i raised the very same arguments as you did . 
  i even went as far as saying that the jews did not know beforehand that hitler was going to come and persecute every last one of them . 
  they did n't understand . 
  the responses where along the lines of `` and you 'd prefer having a terrorist blow up the school ? 
  valid point , i do not know about the situations in other european countries . 
  that 's exactly why i decided to inform other subscribers of / r/europe about the situation in germany , hoping someone would add info about other countries , too . 
  it 's also an alternative for people who do not wish to go to highschool / lack the brainpower to do so . 
  i know a ton of people who did an apprenticeship for things they like to do , and then they went ahead and studied it afterwards . 
  that is called the `` dritte bildungsweg '' , roughly translates to `` third education '' , because a person who choses to do so went to school -  apprenticeship -  university . 
  people always tend to think only idiots do an apprenticeship , which is simply not true . 
  i studied economics and did n't enjoy my choice , so i broke off and take pride in doing an apprenticeship now - even though i 'm paid slightly more than minimum ( by law ) . 
  i said finishing my apprenticeship would allow me to study computer sciences , which is true . 
  however , i could break off my apprenticeship right now and apply to university for whichever field i want , because i finished highschool ( with decent grades ) . 
  so an apprenticeship gives an opportunity to people who are n't good at school , but are good at whatever they want to do . 
  the difficult part is finding a good place ... ( which i did n't manage to ;d ), 
  i work as a sysadmin , lol, 
  generally , after 10 years of basic school , you have the choice to go to highschool ( 3 years of advanced school ) , which enables you to study whatever you want , if you pass the exams at the end . 
  or , if you want to study a very certain field , you could attend a special school for that field , if one is available ( i know one for arts , for example ) . 
  this would only take two years . 
  if you then decide that you 'd like to be allowed to study anything , you can also add one more year at the end . 
  if you decided to do an apprenticeship after school ( or whenever , like me - because i 'd not find a job without it as someone who broke off studying something else ) , you may study only what you learned during the apprenticeship . 
  in my case , i can still study whatever i want after this , as i 've already gained access by completing highschool . 
  the problem is , with just school / highschool you will find no job . 
  with finished apprenticeship ( there 's exams and certificate and all that junk ) , you 'll find a job with bad pay . 
  the thing is , apprentices do n't really learn all that much over the course of three years , and end up just being cheap workers . 
  i 'm absolutely going to study after this again . 
  just not really sure what . 
  someone who aborted an apprenticeship and applies only with `` i 've been in school for 10 years , let me work for you '' will probably not find a job . 
  basically , you 'd count as uneducated , but if you manage to find a job somehow , then you can build work experience , i guess . 
  finishing an apprenticeship grants you the right to study in that field . 
  ( ie : i could study computer sciences after this ) . 
  personally however , i went to out equivalent of `` highschool '' , which allows me to study whatever i want . 
  i made a mistake though , in chosing a stupid course that i did n't really like . 
  so i decided to `` quickly '' do an apprenticeship . 
  `` it ca n't be so bad . . '' was what i thought then .
