  for example , they could form a caliphate and obtain nuclear weapons . 
   let the bundeswehr take a breath . 
  given the problems it has what problems do you speak of ? 
  is there a broom shortage ? 
  the upside being that you do n't really need roads anymore . 
   how can something be implausible when it 's happened ? 
  implausible things do sometimes happen . 
  if i wanted to say something could not possibly happen , i 'd use the word * impossible * . 
  but anyway , is there solid evidence that it actually did happen ? 
  from what i 've seen , i 'd say it could have happened and i do n't have an opinion on it one way or the other . 
  is there some other evidence than the kurir article ? 
   well , estonia does not want to be nordic were the polandball comics lying to me ? 
   as well as serbia targeting it 's own people just to declare us terrorists you do realize that no one believes you when you say shit like that , right ? 
  edit : sorry , i see that you did n't just make that up now ( i 'm assuming you were talking about [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panda_bar_incident ) ) . 
  but when you are making claims that sound implausible , you really should be more specific , so that we can look this stuff up . 
   then why does he go to the trouble of not having * free elections * well , that would just be un-russian . 
  and i like turtles . 
  a more accurate analogy would be having to pay a tax every time you tell someone which radio station is playing the song . 
  which is just as ridiculous . 
   then they chanted death to europe and it did n't bother me because they were still just chanting . 
  ftfy, 
  i was making a joke about greater serbia . 
  like , there is no such thing as hungary , all of it should actually just be the northern part of serbia . 
  we are n't considering it . 
   you ca n't slightly win election , and become a dictator and yet that 's exactly what hitler did . 
   hungarian no such thing . 
  is actually northern serbia . 
  this is off topic , but albert einstein was actually fucking a serbian girl ( also married her and had children with her ) . 
  we do n't need to go through your post history . 
  this post of yours is the most severe case of butthurt i 've seen on reddit today . 
   secondly , the `` virovitica-karlovac-karlobag '' line advocated by greater serbia proponents would have stripped croatia of far more than 50 % it would have , but it was only advocated by the radical party , which was not even the largest party in serbia at the time . 
  implying that was a position of serbia or the serbs is intellectually dishonest . 
   and try to dismember croatia instead of letting it go peacefully that 's one way of putting it . 
  you could also say that croatia denied the right to self-determination to regions with serb majority . 
   yet serbs wanted to essentialy chop off 50 + % of croatian territory did they ? 
  in 1991 , serbian krajina was about 30 % of croatia 's area and about 7 % of its population . 
   inb4 i am turk i ca n't say shit aaaand you 've managed to play the victim in a completely unrelated comment section . 
  where do you live ? 
  [ they made internet access a legal right ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/10461048 ) , so i guess they are taking their internet connection seriously . 
   so go an pick a eu member where jobs for unqualified workers are still offered and which eu members would that be ? 
  that looks it was written by a person with a narcissistic personality disorder . 
   i think it 's mind-boggling that after the last 15 years people still think they can fight terrorism with military strikes well , you can fight is with military strikes . 
  you know , the organization that claims to be a state and controls a large territory . 
  of course . 
  first those war mongering maniacs stir up shit and then they run away from the situation like the pacifist pussies they are . 
   yeah i got it but what 's your point ? 
  the last 8-9 years growth in productivity has been modest to say the least . 
  my point was that it does n't make sense to take the peak of the bubble as the reference point . 
  the bubble was an anomaly and it does n't represent a normal or expected state of economy . 
  it makes much more sense to look at the data since after the bubble has burst . 
  and if you look at the data since 2009 till present , you get a yearly growth of 7 sek/h , and not 2 sek/h . 
  that is not dramatically lower than the growth before the bubble , which was about 11 sek/h per year . 
  to better understand what a poor choice of a reference point the year 2007 is , consider this example . 
  if a worker in 2007 worked for an hour building a house , than his productivity would be computed based on the value of that house in 2007 . 
  but the values of houses in 2007 were way overinflated . 
  people were n't actually paying that much for houses because the houses were worth that much to them ( as a place to live in ) , but as an investment , because they were expecting the prices to just keep rising at an unsustainable rate . 
  in 2009 , the value of that house was way less than in 2007 , so you ca n't really say that the worker actually produced the value that is included in the 2007 productivity data . 
  you can gat the data if you go [ here ] ( http://www.ekonomifakta.se/fakta/ekonomi/produktion-och-investeringar/produktivitetsutvecklingen-i-naringslivet/?graph=/17159/1/all/ ) and click on `` tabell '' ( the button just above the graph ) . 
  it seems it is n't possible to link to the table directly . 
   is that productivity growth , swedish stats ? 
  yes . 
  i 've copied the data from the table on the page that you have linked to . 
   and here is another graph where our stagnating productivity growth is painfully apparent . 
  and [ here ] ( https://i.imgur.com/5jx67js.jpg ) is how you should actually interpret this data . 
  the hump between 2003 and 2009 represents the bubble and the financial crisis . 
  the growth after the crisis ( about 7 per year ) is significantly lower than the growth before the bubble ( about 11 per year ) , but it is not dramatically lower and it is definitely not stagnation . 
  edit : fixed the growth numbers . 
  you seem to be forgetting that the uk is largely populated by chavs . 
  i 'd bet on putin . 
  now that 's a very clear case of whataboutism . 
  true , but a significant part of the people in some of the volunteer battalions are . 
  of course , it 's wise to avoid needless provocation . 
  but if someone responds to being poked by slitting the other persons throat , there 's clearly something wrong with him . 
   you can offend people in whatever the fuck way you want unless you live in germany , and say that the holocaust did n't happen . 
  then you may go to prison . 
  they did n't `` poke back '' , they killed three people . 
   they were calling ukrainian soldiers `` neo-nazi jews '' source ? 
  and calling them neo-nazi ( without `` jews '' ) is n't really that strange , since quite a lot of them are in fact neo-nazi . 
  they also like to slaughter ethnic minorities and destroy their villages from time to time . 
  i just love how everyone pretends russia does n't have a shitload of nukes while discussing this . 
  what if i told you that the turkish state has killed about 50 thousand kurds and destroyed 4000 kurdish villages in the past 30 years ? 
   as for phrase `` with some help from the uk and the us '' , you should do some research on that topic , that being ww2 i was thinking about the [ huge difference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_front_%28world_war_ii%29#/media/file:world-war-ii-military-deaths-in-europe-by-theater-year.png ) between the casualties ( counting both the allies and the axis casualties ) on the eastern and the western front . 
  this suggests that most of the fighting was actually done on the eastern front , mostly between the ussr and the germans . 
   molotov ribbentrop pact i fail to see how this is relevant here ? 
  yes , russia was n't at war with germany until 1941 , but that does n't change the fact that they did more fighting , overall , than any other ally . 
   lend lease i 've looked that up now , and i see that the amount of goods the soviets got from the us really was huge . 
  i 'll concede that this amount of arms , fuel , and food may have been crucial for the soviet victory on the eastern front . 
   russia is capable only of bullying smaller countries they defeated the nazi germany ( with some help from the uk and the us ) . 
  they are enhanced crowd control structures , goddammit . 
  the crosses that some christians typically wear are hardly even noticeable , they really are n't comparable to a hijab . 
  you are actually not proposing that the hijab should have no more consequence than anything else , you are saying it should be treat differently than other items of clothing because some people wear it for religious reasons . 
   when it 's clearly about one single item of clothing but it obviously is n't about a single item of clothing , it 's about a very overt expression of ones religious beliefs . 
  you were reducing it to just a single item of clothing in order to make a point in your original comment , but you clearly acknowledge that it has some other significance . 
  just make up your mind already - is it just a scarf , in which case it really is weird to have it wrapped around ones head in a job interview , or is it not just a scarf ? 
  i was replying to :  i could n't imagine being turned down for a job because of a fucking scarf here , you were presenting one 's outfit as something completely irrelevant , and that just is n't true . 
  your appearance affects how other people will perceive you , and how you choose to appear tells something about you . 
  and as such it is relevant to hiring and other situations when someone must assess you in a brief encounter . 
  the interviewer will think you are weird as fuck , and because of that he will feel it 's risky to hire you . 
  he will likely go with some other candidate , whom he will see as a safer bet ( unless you are much a much better candidate in other aspects ) . 
  of course he wo n't tell you any of that .
