  there is no reason to believe he was trying to `` put down the impact of rape '' . 
  but then they will be sent to gulag for smuggling potatoes . 
  i 've never been there , but have you ever tried watching british tv shows ? 
  holy shit , are there some ugly motherfuckers in those . 
   the crime rate is still low in 2012 , your homicide rate was 4.7 per 100000 people per year , which is very high for a european country . 
   whenever i check some europe related stats i always see more women then men you must have missed [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/42fyy7/reurope_500k_subscribers_survey_the_results/ ) then . 
   they would have been persecuted you probably meant * prosecuted * - those are two different words . 
  incidentally , one could argue that those people * are * being persecuted . 
   he keeps asking the same question and does n't understand the answer to be fair , that 's exactly what he was doing here . 
  but that was okay in this case , because it was n't actually possible to understand the answer . 
  of course you have n't . 
  there was n't any fat left on the bodies of your victims by the time they died anyways . 
  species is a social construct . 
  if someone says they 're `` launching '' a grassroots movement , that 's an oxymoron , no matter who they are and what their cause is . 
  we are taking words to mean what their commonly accepted meaning is . 
  of course , if you think that words should mean whatever you feel like they should mean at the moment , then we may be taking them too literally for you . 
   this assumption is incorrect because at that stage slovenia was already much more economically advanced than the rest of the former yugoslavia and in addition to that , our country was n't destroyed by wars after yugoslavia has dissolved , like croatia , bosnia , serbia and kosovo were . 
   in some extend * to some extent *, 
   they are securing these regions from scum that 's what fascists always claim to be doing . 
   and prevents queues now i know standing on the left is anti-british . 
   first thing : do you work at the austria - slovenia border ? 
  if yes , on which side - are you from austria or from slovenia ? 
  he was talking about dobova , which is on the slovenia - croatia border . 
  since he gave a link to the website of the slovenian police , i assume he is working on the slovenian side . 
  well , they could just go through the bering strait . 
  when it is frozen , you can literally walk over it . 
  they could always use an old turkish trick and hire somali pirates to do the dirty work for them . 
   maybe we should be welcoming greeks to come and live/work in our countries instead they can already do that . 
   downvotes = artillery shells but i have n't even downvoted anyone here . 
  am i doing this wrong ? 
   what is the z4 plan ? 
  apparently it is a plan that was started in march 1994 and on which rsk refused to negotiate in january 1995 . 
  i fail to see how it is relevant to a discussion of reasons for a war that started in 1991 . 
  besides , it is n't even clear that the rsk refused the plan because of its content . 
  according to wikipedia ( which cites `` diplomacy on the edge '' , a book by one of the diplomats involved in the plan ) :  marti\u0107 refused to receive the draft before the un security council issued a written statement extending the unprofor mandate to protect the rsk wikipedia also says , citing the same book , that the plan was considered unacceptable by the croats and that tu\u0111man has only accepted the plan as a base for negotiation in the hope that it would be rejected by the rsk . 
   slovenia please go shitpost somewhere else . 
  til i personally represent the whole of slovenia . 
   that area was ethnically cleaned of non-orthodox people prior to i am not denying that serbs have committed war crimes before the operation storm . 
  of course they have , and they have committed them on a larger scale than croats did during and after the operation . 
  but i was trying to explain why the conflict between serbs and croats can not repeat in the same way as it did in the nineties , and the reason is that there are no more serb majority areas in croatia . 
  ethnic cleaning of serbs from krajina is relevant to that and ethnic cleansing of croats is n't ( because in the end , the former was successful and the latter was not ) . 
   those political and army leaders ordered their people to leave their homes . 
  and given how eager the croat army was to shell civilian areas , even refugee convoys , and how many crimes , including murders , were committed against the serbs who remained in krajina , that was the sensible thing to do . 
  besides , the icty has ruled that the evacuation order had little effect on the actual exodus . 
  from the [ gotovina trial judgment summary ] ( http://www.icty.org/x/cases/gotovina/tjug/en/110415_summary.pdf ) :  the trial chamber considered that although there were krajina serb evacuation plans for certain municipalities , the extent to which they were implemented varied . 
  moreover , the population was already on the move by the time the serb municipal authorities took action and when serb krajina president marti\u0107 ordered an evacuation late in the afternoon of 4 august 1995 . 
  the trial chamber concluded that the evacuation plans and orders of the krajina serb authorities had little or no influence on the departure of krajina serbs . 
  with respect to benkovac , gra\u010dac , knin , and obrovac , the chamber concluded that the fear of violence and duress caused by the shelling created an environment in which those present there had no choice but to leave . 
  for instance , one witness testified that the shells , which fell everywhere in knin , appeared to have been aimed at scaring people and made everyone feel like they had to flee . 
  many persons sought refuge at the un compound , a number of whom were eventually transferred to serbia . 
  the court has also ruled that 20,000 serbs were actually * forced * to leave by croat forces :  the chamber further found that crimes , including murder , destruction , plunder , and inhumane acts , committed by members of croatian military forces and special police caused duress and fear of violence in their victims and those who witnessed them . 
  these crimes added to the creation of an environment in which these persons had no choice but to leave . 
  the chamber found that the forcible displacement committed by members of the croatian military forces and special police , by the unlawful attacks on towns in the krajina on 4 and 5 august 1995 and by the commission of other crimes later in august 1995 , constituted deportation . 
  among the many serbs who left the krajina during and after operation storm , the chamber concluded that at least 20,000 were deported in this manner in august 1995 . 
  they killed each other over territory disputes . 
  the reason for those was that yugoslav republic borders did not correspond with ethnic borders . 
  there were areas in croatia where serbs were the majority . 
  the serbs in those areas wanted independence from croatia or at least some level of autonomy and croatia would n't give it to them . 
  the conflict was complicated by the fact that all sides ( croatia , serbs in croatia , and serbia , which supported serbs in croatia ) , were lead by extreme nationalists , many of whom were quite brutal people . 
  because of that both serbs and croats in the mixed areas had legitimate concerns about what would happen to them if the other side prevailed . 
  this fueled the hatred and mistrust between the communities , which resulted in sporadic acts of violence between them , which eventually escalated into a war between serbia and croatia ( edit : actually a war between croatia and serbian krajina which was backed by serbia ) . 
  the situation has since been resolved by croatia winning the war and ethnically cleansing the disputed territories . 
  looking at this chart actually makes me suspect that austria always votes the same as germany . 
   is it sometimes spelled lokki as well ? 
  i do n't know . 
  apparently at least some of the irish travelers have a similar habit . 
  there is a boxer named tyson fury ( currently the heavyweight world champion ) who is named after mike tyson . 
   according to a finnish guy i know , lokki means seagull loki is also a norse god . 
  i am guessing it is short for milena or emilija , but there are also some women who are actually called milka . 
  according to [ this ] ( https://www.stat.si/imenarojstva/en/firstnames/searchfirstnames?ime=milka&amp;priimek=&amp;spol=z ) , there are 1456 women with that first name in slovenia . 
  i know an old woman who is called vekoslava ( meaning something like `` slav for ever '' ) . 
  her mother has named her that purely to spite the italians , who where occupying the area where she was living ( that was right before wwii ) . 
  i 've never heard about anyone named jagoda or brin . 
  i have heard other names you have listed , but ajda is the only one that you could say is fairly common . 
  [ it 's also used in all south slavic countries . 
   living in london , however , is a fucking blast . 
  can you expand on that . 
  what is so great about it ? 
  i assume some people do wear different watches with different clothes . 
  for example a dress watch with a formal outfit and a sport watch with a casual outfit . 
  besides , the reason to wear a 10k eur watch is not to know time , it 's to show you can afford it . 
  switzerland is full of the french and italians . 
  about 30 % of the population have either french or italian as their main language . 
   former french president sarkozy : we did not fight nazis sounds about right . 
  sure you would n't . 
  are you sure you are not confusing human fingers with tree trunks ? 
  nothing wrong if you are , is only natural for a canadian . 
   surprised do you mean suppressed ? 
   the president of the central council of jews in germany also has such a permit . 
  so that should show what kind of risk we 're talking about . 
  a minor one ? 
   self-defense is not the word that comes to mind when i think `` european . '', 
  that 's because european violent crime rates are incredibly low when compared to the most of the rest of the world . 
  if we import millions of migrants from third world countries in a short time span , that may change . 
   disillusioned perspective i guess you prefer to have your illusions intact . 
  fascinating . 
  you converse exactly like a chat bot . 
  i 'm sure they do like it . 
  i 'm also sure that it affects the amount of attention they get , and that many of them like that attention as well . 
   so colorful hair = attention whore i assume that when someone says colorful hair , that person means hair colored into some unnatural color like blue , pink or green .
