  but you wo n't find many people in slovenia who think that the yugoslav idea is something that can be beneficial to slovenian nation in the future , or that being slovenian implies having some yugoslav identity . 
   austrian horse dicks i assume you are talking about lipicanci , in which case you better call them slovenian horse dicks , goddammit !, 
  edit ( moved this here from a different post , where i have posted it by mistake ) : riding around in an ancient mercedes does have a distinctly slavic feel to it , though . 
  you ca n't say the same about turbo-folk - it 's more of a balkan thing . 
  albanians like it every bit as much as slavs do . 
   tldr : i have a huge headache and this whole post is a bit shitty and incoherent . 
  it does * sound * a bit shitty and incoherent , but it gets the point across very clearly . 
  it is the same in slovenian , but it sounds a bit archaic . 
   10 turbo-folk stars but turbo-folk sounds more turkish than slavic . 
  i like least godfull better . 
  each state could keep its own army , but there could be a military alliance of eu countries , which would enable the eu to act as a single party in military conflicts in cases where most of the eu agreed on it . 
  europeans are xenophobic , you need to look `` european '' to gain acceptance many greeks , spaniards and italians look just about as `` european '' as turks do . 
  nah , you 're just mad cause putin does n't share your appreciation of homosex . 
  no one says you have to be politically correct . 
  it 's just that , when you compare an ethnic group to cockroaches , we know we do n't need to take your opinions seriously . 
  so thank you for clearing that up . 
  by the way , it really is n't clear what that map means for someone who does n't speak turkish . 
   by breeding like cockroaches thank you for showing your true colors . 
  what you wrote here sounds completely implausible . 
  surely you meant :  i 'm looking forward to the day when the rest of serbia joins serbia . 
  of course . 
  this guy is an embodiment of the african dream . 
   that was a very well-thought out response to what i said and it perfectly describes my opinion well , it was a perfect analogy that demonstrated how ridiculous some of what you said was . 
  the third one is simply glorious . 
  of course we do . 
  probably quite similar to the ones in serbia . 
  about the second one of tartu : why would they leave enough space ( between some pairs of building ) that you can see through it , but not enough to walk through it ? 
  those stairs in the picture look like a fire escape , though . 
  there are normal stairs on the inside , right ? 
  it is almost like those people believe that if the society does n't discourage homosexuality , everyone will turn gay . 
  i 've always suspected that people with such beliefs are secretly gay themselves . 
  according to http://www.volitve.gov.si/referendum/udel_ve.html the turnout was 569k . 
  edit : the number on that page has now changed to 587,954 . 
  partial results at 20:25 , according to http://www.volitve.gov.si/referendum/ and http://www.volitve.gov.si/referendum/udel_ve.html : total votes : 587,954 percentage of ballots counted : 87.82 % number of valid ballots : 514,391 yes vote : 37.01 % ( 190,382 ) no vote : 62.99 % ( 324,009 ) only about 19k more `` no '' votes are needed to reach the quorum of about 343k ( 20 % of eligible voters ) and there are about 72k votes votes left uncounted . 
  it looks like the `` no '' vote will reach the quorum . 
  edit : updated the numbers . 
  i wo n't be updating them anymore , as the number of `` no '' votes has already exceeded the quorum ( see the comment by / u/insanelyincredibly below ) . 
  so you first use inequality adjusted hdi to support your claim , but when it turns out it does n't actually support it , you say it 's not a good measure ? 
  according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi#cite_note-6 ) , usa is 27th in inequality adjusted hdi , behind most eu countries , including the five largest ones . 
  the country that builds porsches . 
  only if we can make the democracy at the eu level work way better . 
   all balkan slavs sound nearly the same for me well , most of them ( croats , serbs , bosniaks and montenegrins ) do speak the same language . 
  to me , polish , russian and ukrainian all sound the same . 
  not czech , though . 
   holocaust denial is illegal in germany , you may disagree with it but that 's how it is . 
  where did i claim it is n't ? 
   and denying the holocaust is n't being politically incorrect , it 's bullshit of course it 's bullshit ( though it is also very much politically incorrect ) , i agree with that . 
  i just do n't think we should forbid people from saying certain things simply because they are bullshit . 
  i am aware of ( and do n't object to ) what you wrote in the first two paragraphs . 
  i 'd just like to point out that none of that contradicts my original post , in which i was merely objecting to someone who was implying that germany only limits free speech when it is condoning mass murder and genocide . 
  what you wrote does n't support that person 's post at all . 
  instead , it shows that germany limits free speech when it is expressing a certain political view . 
   if you seriously defend holocaust denying as merely free speech , and not as a the speech should be free by default . 
  if you think a certain kind of speech should be banned , the onus is on you to prove why it should be banned . 
  i do n't need to be able to defend a certain kind of speech to be able to claim that it should be allowed . 
  and as any other action , speech should only be limited by the law when it demonstrably interferes with other people 's rights . 
  punishing people for victimless crimes is fundamentally immoral . 
   nazistic , dangerous act well , i can believe that it is mostly committed by the nazis with an intent to further their ideology , so you could call it a nazistic act . 
  but that does not automatically exempt us from having to allow it as free speech . 
  about the dangerous part : since the future is uncertain , any political act is potentially dangerous . 
  if we are going by that standard , we can just stop any public debate . 
  i would say that setting a precedence of silencing some kinds of speech due to being dangerous is in itself dangerous . 
   as well as an obvious hate crime well , that does n't seem so obvious to me . 
  wikipedia defines hate crime as :  a hate crime ( also known as a bias-motivated crime ) is a usually violent , prejudice motivated crime that occurs when a perpetrator targets a victim because of his or her perceived membership in a certain social group so in order for something to be a hate crime , it must first be a crime . 
  since we are talking about whether holocaust denial should be a crime in the first place , supporting your position by saying it is a hate crime is a bit of a circular argument . 
  yes , if it is a crime , you could argue that it is a hate crime , but you ca n't say it 's `` an obvious hate crime '' , and use that as a justification for why it should be a crime . 
  and yes , i am aware that it currently is a crime in germany , but we 're talking about whether it should be . 
   you might just be a dim-witted person  you are dim-witted does it give you some joy to call random strangers on the internet dim-witted ? 
  would you say you have a typical life , or are there some exceptionally hard circumstances ? 
  so , does your attitude come from the hardness of life in general , or specifically your life ? 
  how does denying holocaust equal condoning mass murder and genocide ? 
  as others here have said , the word clay is a meme synonym for land in some online communities . 
  it originated in the following literary masterpiece ( along with a few other internet memes ) :  remove kebab remove kebab you are worst turk . 
  you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell . 
  return to croatioa . 
  to our croatia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , bosnia we will never forgeve you . 
  cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare . . turk genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead turk . . ahahahahahbosnia we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia ... . hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kebab from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + croatia + slovak = kill bosnia ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in serbia , tupac making album of serbia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink turk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt tupac alive numbr one # 1 in serbia ... . fuck the croatia , . . fuckk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  serbia greattst countrey, 
  so , now we know what [ this ] ( http://bigstory.ap.org/article/0f56f6912fe34062b3bd7f13df1ead59/germany-web-giants-pledge-delete-hate-speech-24-hours ) was all about . 
  you mean like what ursula haverbeck was convicted of ? 
   furthermore , the traffic in africa was insanely chaotic and the amount of people coming in the hospital with gruesome traffic accident wounds was often more than the hospital could bear go [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate ) and look at the road fatalities per 100000 motor vehicles . 
  the difference between the countries of europe and sub-saharan africa is truly astounding . 
  especially at night . 
  a forest at night is a surprisingly terrifying thing . 
   those prisons in scandinavia better than my house wtf ? 
  it 's not the scandinavians ' fault that you live in a shit house . 
  reminds me of stories about french exchange students in slovenia . 
  here , it is common among students to mix ( cheap ) wine with coca cola . 
  the french students who witnessed that were absolutely shocked . 
  you should try it , they 're hilarious . 
  it can always get worse .
