  the fact that the people in the western and central ukraine were trying to take the country in a direction that the people of eastern ukraine did n't agree with , while simultaneously disregarding the democratic process , lead to the popular uprising in eastern ukraine ( comparable to that in kiev ) . 
  after that uprising , the ukranian state started military operation against the eastern ukraine . 
  so i really think that this civil war started as the aggression of the people of western and central ukraine against the people of eastern ukraine . 
  that 's not to say there 's nothing wrong with the separatist rebels . 
  it seems that many of them are quite nasty people . 
  they were doing stuff like terrorizing the journalists and segments of the population and holding public executions for minor crimes ( and without a proper judicial process ) . 
  but on the other hand , the ukranian state played dirty , too . 
  they were routinely shelling civilians ( actually , both sides did that ) , which is a war crime . 
  by the way , what gave you the impression that only a minority of people in the eastern ukraine want to be a part of russia ? 
  and do you think that the number of these people is significantly different from the number of people who simply do n't want to be in eu and nato ? 
  are you [ hans beinholtz ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipjwkvncooq ) ? 
   k\u00f6nigsberg you 've misspelled kaliningrad . 
   pobaltion now , i can tolerate an occasional typo , but this really is no way to spell population . 
  you could try being a little less dramatic , you know . 
  the cringe is real . 
  his point was that the process used in the `` marshall plan '' could be modeled after the eu accession process , not that african countries would eventually join the eu . 
  maybe it 's the symbol that looks like the [ iron cross ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_cross ) which facebook may be associating with the nazis . 
  that would be pretty dumb though , since the symbol on the picture above seems to actually be the [ cross of the warsaw uprising ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cross_of_the_warsaw_uprising ) . 
  he must have missed the recent threads in / r/europe . 
   one self performed liposuction what , like [ this ] ( http://southpark.cc.com/clips/103530/liposuction-surgery ) ? 
  i guess they are going for the butthurt vote . 
   or she sucked a lot of dick to get all that stuff so , you ca n't bribe a prosecutor in ukraine , but you can buy a blowjob from one ? 
  yeah , the americans did n't castrate their slaves . 
  i hope you realize your comment is a complete waste of bandwidth . 
  those augmented lips are ugly , though . 
  she looks like a turbofolk singer . 
  oh , so the secret to his success is that he has aides ? 
  i guess mexico is already looking for a credit . 
  i 'm guessing it reduces the cost and saves time . 
   fun wait , you are enjoing this ? 
  fucking hell , [ that 's close . 
  florida is actually really close . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyc3rpdssvg ) . 
  balkan thread best thread . 
  if some turkish town had a severed crusader 's head on its coat of arms , i really would n't have a problem with that . 
  in this comment section you can see why turkey will never be in the eu . 
  about 20 % . 
  came here for the wall jokes , was not disappointed . 
  you forgot bicycle riding . 
   ruling is just intimidation and trying to undermine the rule of law and this can be made more effective by the fact that one politician has already been killed for her stance on brexit . 
  do n't even bother . 
  whenever you debate hate speech laws with germans on reddit , they will argue that it is right that incitement to hatred is illegal because it is a crime and it is a crime because it is illegal . 
  yeah , but does anyone who would n't have hated the people who died there otherwise hate them because of things like this tattoo ? 
  your argument was about why it expresses hatred , not why it incites it . 
  i 'd say a tattoo like that only incites hatred toward the person wearing it . 
  why the fuck do you think everyone who advocates free speech is far right ? 
  have traveled through serbia and croatia by railway . 
  do not recommend . 
  and all the people that support him . 
   david attenborough on planet earth ii , brexit my god , physical brexit will be even more severe than we thought . 
  according to wikipedia , one miracle is still needed for beatification , but apparently not for martyrs . 
  i wonder what miracle they came up with this time . 
  no , but she is the head of the church of england . 
  i 'm sure at least some of the principals support the tories . 
   it 's stupid that an mp has to make that pledge anyway . 
  well that 's theocracy for you i guess . 
  which is more rights than turks have in turkey . 
  next time you photograph your cat , you need to take better care of the lighting . 
  actually , there is a food bowl in latvian prison . 
  but there is not potato in it , only rock . 
  well if you do n't like being the world 's worst communicators , maybe you could just learn to speak proper european english . 
  what makes you so sure ? 
  do you poses some supernatural power ? 
   maybe helsinki is just boring well , is n't it ? 
  i always just kind of assumed it is . 
   real vk ahead of facebook ( decadent western vk ) ftfy , comrade, 
   i 'm only 17 but fuck time flies that 's only going to get worse . 
  [ meanwhile , the general public ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/f3/tin_foil_hat_2.jpg ), 
  sounds like someone wants more funding . 
   smuggling in special forces with knowledge in guerrilla warfare to disrupt from the inside is precisely the idea and you can make the whole thing extra secret by ** buying fucking real estate ** . 
  that 's the most ridiculous title i 've seen here in a long time . 
  good question . 
  there is enough cold , darkness and sadness in russia , so they really would n't gain anything new by invading finland . 
   but i do n't see any reason you need to make the windmills themselves the primary power storage locations . 
  the only reason i can think of is to avoid converting mechanical energy to electrical and back . 
  but this is n't really that big an advantage , since the efficiency of both conversions is pretty high . 
   the guy on the right is like well he definitely looks like what he 's doing is some serious business . 
  how large it is * relative to the moon * does n't really matter . 
  if the moon was larger ( and therefore had greater mass ) , the tides would actually be higher . 
  i 'm pretty sure it does n't count as green energy if you have destroyed a huge ecosystem to get it . 
  the tides are due to the water shifting due to moon 's gravity . 
  now , the moon 's gravity affects the water inside the mediterranean as well as that outside of it . 
  so when the moon moves relative to the earth , some of the water from one side of the mediterranean shifts to the other side . 
  because the mediterranean is much smaller than the oceans , the tides in it are not as high . 
  the guy on the left looks like this is a prank and he ca n't keep a straight face . 
  of course , if someone mocks your religion it is only natural to wish them a violent death . 
  that would be macedonians , of course . 
   \u00d6xit this word i actually like . 
   beauty is subjective only to some extent . 
  it would be hard to find someone who wold describe the building we are talking about here as beautiful . 
   easy to design and copy , no creativity if they have some aesthetic quality , that 's a value in itself , even if they were not hard to design . 
  and i 'd say that when you are designing something that will exist for decades and be seen by a huge number of people as a part of their daily life , aesthetics is more important than originality . 
  of course , if you can manage to create something that is beautiful in a new and original way , that 's even better . 
  but designing a building in a certain way just to show off your creativity with no regard for how people will feel when they see it is nothing but architectural masturbation . 
  looking at this building does not make me think that the author was very creative . 
  it makes me think he lacked creativity and was trying to make up for it by putting an upside down house onto the top of the building . 
  in case of this `` castle '' , that would mean just braking a window and walking in . 
  at least the dude in the 1800s was trying to not make the building ugly as fuck . 
  spelling sandals as `` sandles '' would be another example . 
  it was a play on the `` people in this country have had enough of experts '' [ remark by michael gove ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/10/michael-goves-guide-to-britains-greatest-enemy-the-experts/ ) , which is seen by many as the epitome of the anti-intellectualism in the brexit leave campaign .
