  and i think the biggest effect that has is attracting attention . 
  therefore , i assume that people who color their hair in that way want to attract attention to themselves . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with that , though . 
  as for the rest of your comment , it 's just some worthless rambling that i 'm not going to respond to . 
  thank you . 
   how many of the witnesses said that the same thing ? 
  all of the witness accounts i 've heard or read mentioned that the attackers were drunk . 
  but unlike having colorful hair , which only indicates that you might be a bit of an attention whore , being a muslim indicates that there is a significant probability that you believe in some medieval shit that is not compatible with our society . 
  now i know that many ( probably most ) muslims in europe are moderate , but there are still many who are islamists . 
  and we should n't judge the moderate muslims by the actions or beliefs of the islamists , but we also should n't pretend that islamism does n't exist in europe or that it is n't a significant problem . 
   isis , of course , would have quite a bit to gain ( ... ) from the borders closed i assume the islamists would quite like to see the muslim population in europe increase . 
  what makes you think they would n't ? 
  and yet westerners somehow manage to avoid mass molestation of women . 
   source ( in dutch ) why post a source in a language no one could possibly understand ? 
   i remember a short interview of a refugee , complaining about lack of sex why is it that interviews with refugees sound exactly like something taken out of borat ? 
  i was joking , i guess it was n't as obvious as i thought . 
   i would say race relations might even be better now in the south you mean the negroes know their place in the south , eh ? 
   considering i 've not heard a peep out of any in regards to cologne well the article we are commenting does quote alice schwarzer talking about the attacks . 
  here 's an example :  they are a product , schwarzer says , of misplaced tolerance in this country . 
  now of course i 'm sure most feminists do n't agree with what schwarzer said and many are probably enraged by hear statements . 
   i said it and i say it again : most of the asylum seekers would have defended the women in cologne if they had seen them being assaulted . 
  and what basis do you have for believing this ? 
  just repeating something does not make it true . 
   no decapitations yet , though . 
  you did have a [ decapitation attempt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theo_van_gogh_ ( film_director \\ ) #murder ) , though . 
   there 's something that we 're doing wrong in europe that the americans are doing right well , they are not taking in hordes of uneducated people from africa and the middle east . 
  we see it as a despicable act here . 
   islamic community of serbia the nerv of those kebabs ... do they not fear removal ? 
   like they say , the best seasoning for fish is it 's freshness or , like they say in sweden , the best seasoning for fish is [ rot and decay ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surstr\u00f6mming ) . 
  yeah but he must neither eat , drink , nor sleep for three days before the match or the team he supports might loose . 
  and letting in millions at a time also makes the integration much harder . 
  [ merkel talking to zuckerberg about deleting facebook posts ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2015/09/27/angela-merkel-caught-on-hot-mic-pressing-facebook-ceo-over-anti-immigrant-posts.html ), 
   ukraine surely you meant novorossiya . 
   extreme liberalism i do n't think that 's an appropriate term , as those people have extremely illiberal views on things such as free speech and are very willing to abandon some of the achievements of the liberal democracy in order to appease people they see as oppressed . 
  republika srpska is the serbian half of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  the username actually contains the german name of a slovenian city . 
  edit : i see know that there is a german town of the same name , so he probably mean that . 
   to protect them , not because they are inferior , but because of physical differences . 
  so , were you also taught to protect physically weak men ? 
  they are actually talking about groups ( plural ) of anything from 5 to 40 men . 
  so there was probably a lot more than 20 people involved . 
  then you tie them up and leave some officers to guard them , then the vans can make multiple tours to take them all to jail . 
  i feel silly to even have to explain this . 
  besides , a police of a city with a population of one million should have the capacity to transport a few hundreds of people . 
   lacking the manners of someone from the city so they are not like [ these ] ( https://youtu.be/8ayt_tvmf84?t=14 ) charming fellows ? 
  so , can eesti into nordic after all ? 
   backward villagers with all the other `` honors '' that go with it just to be clear , this means having sex with their livestock and family members , right ? 
  of course martial arts will be useful . 
  take boxing , for example . 
  of course a boxing bout is much different from a street fight due to gloves and rules . 
  but still , training boxing will teach you to punch effectively , to evade or block punches , to control the range and to generally react faster and with more purpose . 
  those things will help you in a street fight . 
  even if they are now disillusioned , people who have committed crimes should still be punished . 
   people like maajid nawaz he was n't a jihadi , though , and did n't kill anyone as far as i know . 
  you really do sound like a massive dick . 
  there was [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_erased ) in slovenia . 
  it was quite a shitty thing to do . 
  * prepares a machine gun and a ditch *, 
  that 's a useless factoid if i 've ever heard one . 
  i 'd say the key difference is that russia is much stronger relative to ukraine than yugoslavia was relative to croatia , and it 's also a much bigger player on the world stage and also has nukes . 
  so , for example , nato would n't dare to bomb russian units in eastern ukraine like they have bombed serbian units in bosnia . 
  well , the skull does seem to be missing a few teeth . 
  so at least we know it 's an authentic british skull . 
  but pirates are fun !, 
  i suspect the ungodly amounts of smog i see here may be even worse than smoking . 
  well it is true that we do n't feel that close to serbs and croats and i ca n't deny that there is some feeling of superiority towards other yugoslav nations among slovenes . 
  but some of what you see may be simply due to slovenes being more cold in general . 
  when i travel to serbia , i can really notice that people here are friendlier . 
   just as kajkavian croats speak like slovenians they do n't speak quite like us . 
  i 'd say their language is about half way between shtokavian and slovenian . 
   do you slovenians , especially younger ones have feeling that you were once one country with croats and serbs i do actually remember ( but just barely ) a time when the country i lived in was called yugoslavia . 
  i was born in 1986 . 
  i consider croats and serbs closer to us slovenians than any other nation . 
   your capital was belgrade well , i know it was the capital of yugoslavia , but that 's in the past . 
  i 'm actually in belgrade right now , visiting my sister who lives here now . 
  i like the city and the people here , but i see it as a foreign city . 
  i do n't feel like the fact that it was once the capital of a country that i lived in is relevant to me . 
   and your official language was serbo-croatian ? 
  the official language in slovenia was slovenian in the yugoslav times . 
  only people who were conscripted into the military ( that is , most males ) , were forced to speak serbo-croatian . 
  there are old women in slovenia who ca n't speak serbo-croatian at all . 
   when you ask older people , like 50 + they still speak the language it 's probably more like 45 + . 
  people of that age grew up in yugoslavia and the males of that age served in the jna . 
   and have the whole yugo-nostalgia thing going some of them have the whole yugo-nostalgia thing going , but some of them feel like yugoslavia was detrimental to slovenian nation 's interests , and some of them feel like other yugoslav nations are inferior to slovenians . 
  some of the people who feel that slovenians are superior to other yugoslav nations are also yugo-nostalgic , however strange that may sound . 
  if you are , say , a croat living in croatia , you may get a distorted view of that . 
  the people who are on vacation in croatia may express their yugo-nostalgic feelings in an attempt to bond with you , but they wo n't express their anti-croat sentiment , as that would be extremely rude . 
   but younger ones are like dude wtf , can you speak english i do n't understand you and i do n't want to understand you . 
  i ca n't speak for other younger people , i can only speak for myself . 
  i see our shared history as something valuable and i do make an attempt to speak with serbs and croats in serbo-croatian , but because my knowledge of the language is very poor , i will shift to english ( if the other person speaks it , of course ) , as soon as i need to communicate something non-trivial . 
  but i definitely wo n't refuse to speak serbo-croatian out of pride . 
  you may find some assholes in slovenia who will do that , but in general , slovenians see knowledge of foreign languages , any foreign languages , as something positive , and we will do our best to show our knowledge of a foreign language when given a chance . 
  i want to add that it does actually happen that i do n't understand people speaking in serbo-croatian . 
  i do understand simple serbo-croatian langauge pretty well when it is written down - our languages are quite similar after all . 
  but when people are talking quickly and in slang , i often have trouble understanding them . 
  i can assure you it 's not because i refuse to understand them . 
  now i 've answered specific questions in your post , but i have a feeling that what you really wanted to know was whether we slovenians still see ourselves as yugoslav or not . 
  and to be frank , i do n't think we see ourselves as yugoslav at all . 
  most of us acknowledge that we share some common traits and some common history with other yugoslav nations . 
  many of us acknowledge that yugoslavia was , overall , good for the slovenian nation .
