  the photo we are talking about here is presented as a photo of two men running for their life from the artillery shell explosion right behind them , while carrying the third , wounded man . 
  but actually , none of them is in immediate danger , the `` wounded '' man is probably perfectly healthy , and the explosion in the background is caused by some buried explosives that were detonated specifically for the purpose of making the photo . 
  there is a difference and i find it fascinating that i even need to point it out . 
  if you know nothing about who did something like that , it is reasonably to assume it may have been a muslim , since they are on average vastly more conservative than the rest of the population . 
   and is sometimes seen as authoritarian that 's an understatement if i 've ever seen one . 
  because skin color was not the focus of the cartoon . 
  but then you get zero money for it !, 
   lmao pizza in italy is worse than in serbia i have n't had a pizza in italy , but i agree that pizza in serbia is good . 
   besides , there are no `` more quality indgredients for italian food '' there are just better and worse indgredients in general . 
  i know that tomatoes sold in slovenia are mostly shit quality , and it 's possible that it 's the same in poland ( incidentally , all the tomatoes i 've bought in serbia were really good ) . 
  there are many italian dishes that just wo n't be as good if you do n't have good tomatoes . 
  there are some other ingredients like that , for example spices . 
  i assume it 's easier to get quality ingredients for italian food in italy than in poland . 
  but you can have the artistic value for free . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/mona_lisa.jpg ), 
  in the grand scheme of things , having a society that values equal rights for everyone actually does benefit * you * . 
  or whey protein powder . 
   we have mountains , too yeah , under 2000 meters . 
  we call those hills here . 
  well , kids can also work . 
  but he is n't a mountain serb , he 's a coastal serb . 
  damn , this guy sounds like a polandball comic . 
  wait , is there more to life than gdp per capita ? 
   fun insult time , it 's a real wonder that people think of europeans as arrogant someone was mean to you on the internet . 
  so it 's proven , all europeans are arrogant !, 
   also the only way this will work without devastating the economies of both cities do you think this is inevitable ? 
  i have n't heard of any problems caused by proximity of vienna and bratislava . 
  nah , he 's committing a crime anyways , he 's just going to do that if he happens to get caught . 
   as public sector employee you are both a representative and a instrument of the state . 
  as such , when in function , you are held to have no religion and that 's especially true when you are a public employee to whom the state grants some degree of authority over people on its territory , such as a police officer . 
  if the two women in the photo in the linked article can pass it , i guess some neckbeards could pass it too . 
  no one should . 
  that 's kind of the point of a uniform . 
  this feels like a bad joke . 
  you 're walking on thin ice here . 
  downvoted for whining about downvotes . 
  it gets really boring , the way people keep doing that . 
  he would dissolve the eu and then build a wall around it . 
  upvoted for downvoting for `` would of '' . 
   maybe people have different opinions than you then they are clearly evil putinbots . 
  this one is unusually civil , though . 
  apparently poland can into homogay . 
  are you implying there was a genocide in kosovo ? 
   unauthorized so it 's not terrorism if it 's authorized by the khalif ? 
   who was at least somewhat connected to the radical right the unabomber is universally considered to be a terrorist too . 
  and he was living in a cabin in the woods and was not connected to any one in any way . 
  this seems like a much better solution then what others here have proposed . 
  we have finally found the missing link !, 
   the bosians etc fought on the nazi side it is n't quite as simple as that . 
  yugoslav partisans , the strongest resistance movement in yugoslavia , was composed of all of the yugoslav ethnicities . 
  a bit less than half of them were serbs . 
  chetniks , the almost exclusively serbian resistance movement , actually collaborated with the germans occasionally . 
  the most significant collaborator movement were the croat usta\u0161e , who have created the independent state of croatia , a nazi puppet state . 
  but there were also about 200,000 thousand croats in the partisan movement . 
  about bosnian muslims - yes , they had their ss division , but there were also about 16,000 of them in the partisan movement . 
   or is it just the serbs who think you are supporting hillary some serbs seem to think he loves to have his ass touched by biden . 
  well , in this case they are talking about a group of nationalists that is lead by a guy who used to be in charge of a nationalist paramilitary formation responsible for multiple war crimes . 
  so the prefix might have something to do with that . 
  turkey stronk !, 
  it looks like poland is still struggling to come to terms with its nazi past . 
  you only smoke a little bit when you start , so it 's not a big expense then . 
  but with time , it becomes a pretty important part of your everyday life ( like , you incorporate your smoking into your everyday activities and then those activities do n't feel normal without smoking and you feel like you 're constantly missing something if you try to not smoke ) , so it makes perfect sense to spend a significant part of your income on it . 
  as someone who smoked as a teen and in my early twenties , that makes perfect sense . 
  that 's pretty normal for a smoker . 
   but it is just the playstation you dislike so , pc master race ? 
  yeah . 
  a final solution to the littering in those woods . 
  so i 've looked at a random google street view of it . 
  yeah , it is [ unique ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/venice,+italy/@45.4379964,12.32842,3a,75y,194.75h,78.1t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1s5v6i2fykclotqj1fmwqmia!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo2.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3d5v6i2fykclotqj1fmwqmia%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d141.79922%26pitch%3d0!7i13312!8i6656!4m5!3m4!1s0x477eb1daf1d63d89:0x7ba3c6f0bd92102f!8m2!3d45.4408474!4d12.3155151!6m1!1e1 ) alright . 
   probably because of its peripheric location i guess the high prices might have something to do with it too . 
  would be more accurate to quote it as  alternative `` culture '' since it definitely is alternative but not everyone would agree with calling it culture . 
   hipsters being mad that they are not the only tourist in the city well that 's understandable . 
  how can they have their authentic and unique experience with so many other tourists around ? 
  can confirm , it 's a pretty typical comieblock . 
  but [ these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khrushchyovka ) are most common where i live . 
   that 's not entirely their fault have you seen the photo in the parent post ? 
  those disgusting adds did n't put themselves up . 
  traitors to their glorious motherland !, 
  i do n't think ira is an army by any definition either , yet you do n't see news referring to them as `` the so-called ira '' . 
  well you could use a camera and a display . 
  it should be possible to make laser protected binoculars that way , but safety goggles that did that would probably be quite cumbersome . 
  the amount of butthurt here is truly fascinating . 
  his english no broken . 
  now quiet comrade , we try to discuss !, 
   what the hell is happening in istria it has been reunited with slovenia , the rightful clay that it is . 
  that is also why we are n't in the butthurt belt . 
   teched taught, 
   jews and christians could live in peace , while they were treated like people of a second or third class in europe jews an christians were definitely treated as [ second class citizens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dhimmi ) in islamic countries . 
  they were n't always allowed to live in peace either , see for example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_antisemitism, 
  i think he meant working in turkey , not in germany . 
  he is n't a person , really . 
  he 's a cell in a greater turkish organism . 
  i thought the vide made that pretty clear . 
  that depends on how early it is done . 
  it looks like cars rolling over children is pretty common in your country . 
  the melodramatic language is still annoying as fuck though . 
  you make it sound like kevin spacey himself is some kind of evil genius . 
   ~ ~ english ~ ~ american ftfy, 
  turkey stronk !,
