  it 's in our dna to reproduce wow , you sound like you live in 1900 . 
  are you sure the uk wo n't want to kick out a large number of eu citizens ? 
  the concern about eu citizens affecting the job market seems to be one of the main reasons why people support brexit . 
   the exact wording was ` disapprove of us leadership , ' a bit softer word choice actually , it 's something completely different . 
  well , those are by definition not reputable . 
  so killing an animal for food does not have a detrimental impact on it ? 
  they are known for dying while rafting , too ( usually without helmets , quite drunk , and carrying cases of beer in the rafts ) . 
  there is even a rock called [ \u010ce\u0161ka skala ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=791ceox8_7a ) in sava bohinjka . 
  it 's called that way because a buch of czechs died there . 
  no , the ones you get to if you enter from the street , go through the lobby to the other side of the building , turn left when you live the building and then walk for about 50m . 
  the worst thing in there are the urinals . 
  the problem with those is that there is no clear separation between the inside the urinal and the surrounding floor . 
  the only thing that separates them is a perforated metal plate , about 10 cm wide . 
  someone always pisses on that plate or a bit over it , and then the people who come after are disgusted by the piss on the floor , so they stand a bit further from the wall , which causes them to be more likely to piss over the plate . 
  and some other people do n't notice the puddles of piss on the floor , step in them , and spread the piss around with the shoes . 
  the end result is that the floor of that toilet is often almost entirely covered in piss . 
  edit : lol , i 've missed the top part of your post . 
  i would n't know , i 've newer been there in the winter . 
  i was making a reference to [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/1myqy5yeld0?t=86 ) . 
   the worst part of ljubljana is the bus station i 'd say that the toilets at the train station are the worst part of ljubljana . 
  they 're just horrible . 
  slovak woman in slovak : slovenka slovene woman in slovene : slovenka, 
   the worst possible image one can get was in those movies :d it could have been worse . 
  they could have filmed bratislava in the winter . 
  i completely agree , cyclists and vegetarians are the plague of our time . 
  once men start riding bikes and stop eating meat , it 's only a matter of time before they start fucking each other up the ass . 
  i was replying to someone who was acting extremely condescendingly about romanian culture . 
  that 's the only reason why i wrote that . 
  maybe not , but at least you keep it out of your door . 
   a fucking professor at princeton princeton has a course in fucking now ? 
  that 's some great polandball . 
   none that i can think of not even the kebab ? 
  not living with parents does not imply owning your own home . 
  eating decaying fish does not count as food culture . 
   yes western eu definitely has watery tomatoes they even export that shit to the rest of the eu . 
  if you go to a supermarket in slovenia and buy some tomatoes without bothering to check the origin , you will likely get tomatoes from netherlands which have a taste and smell indistinguishable from water . 
  of course it is . 
  as recent history shows , the brits are quite happy to do what the us tell them . 
  i really ca n't imagine how this went down . 
  the photos look like he must have kept driving for some distance while he was already in the river . 
   my country is far further north than slovenia , but i ca n't remember the last time we got snow most of slovenia gets at least some snow almost every winter . 
  the only part where it rarely snows is the coast and the area right next to it . 
  on the highest mountain peaks , a few meters of snow is not uncommon . 
   i did n't know slovenia was so mountainous yeah , a part of the country is quite mountainous . 
  the highest peak is at 2864m . 
  well , it is kind of silly to classify kajkavian as croatian while classifying croatian and serbian as two separate languages . 
  and tens of millions all over the third world who are waiting to come home to mutti . 
  agreed , but i think it would be even better to make mexico pay for it . 
  i 'm guessing he replaced the l and the g in `` lgbtq '' with an h , which presumably stands for homosexual . 
   but i am 18 so maybe things will change not with that attitude they wo n't . 
   the same thing that mr. h. tried he tried to ethnically cleanse the slavic countries to make `` lebensraum '' for the germans . 
  i do n't think the european nationalism that we are talking about here is quite like that . 
  that 's a good conspiracy , but it needs more jews . 
   i was speaking out of my gut i guess that 's just another way of saying you were talking out of your ass . 
  i do not think that word means what you think it means . 
  but just talking about it wo n't do anything . 
  it wo n't go away until we do what we all know needs to be done . 
   these guys and girls surely you mean  this group of people of all gender identities, 
  but why would any sane lawyer do that ? 
   have you ever seen masses of people gather to violently attack people protesting the homeless ? 
  to be fair , i have n't seen people protesting the homeless either . 
  afaik , the term `` regressive left '' was actually first used by maajid nawaz . 
   second , we burn this thing do you go full `` the wicker man '' while doing it ? 
  i 'm not the person you have replied to , but i 'll answer this anyway . 
  of course , i 'm speaking for myself and not / u/mutangw . 
  of course i am against child marriages wherever they occur . 
  it 's because of things like this that i am anti-islam ( or at least opposed to the extremely conservative form of islam that a significant percentage of muslims today believe in ) , not the other way around . 
  i 'm sure the same holds for many other people that are a part of `` anti-islamic hysteria '' . 
  if you are assuming that anti-islamic sentiment is always a consequence of racism or xenophobia , you are wrong . 
   but it did n't come about because of men wanting to hate-fuck female children that does n't change the fact that it does involve fucking female children and that 's why it is completely unacceptable in our countries . 
   are not perverts wait , are we supposed to believe not all italians are [ like this ] ( https://youtu.be/x_kacgt-zd0?t=48 ) ? 
  there 's no established process to move to greenland , as no one has ever wanted to move there before . 
  she 'll probably be spreading hatred in prison as well . 
   so the only countries really not part of europe is canada and the united states so the only countries really not part of europe are the majority of north america ? 
  chavs make you feel patriotic ? 
  * a bit * odd ? 
   am i blind or why ca n't i find the category for slovenia in the legend probably because it would be the only one in that category . 
  edit : i assume the origin for both gozd and go\u0161\u010da is the word for dense ( gost ) , similar to the bright green category on the map . 
  from wikipedia :  balkanization , or balkanisation , is a geopolitical term , originally used to describe the process of fragmentation or division of a region or state into smaller regions or states that are often hostile or uncooperative with one another please explain to me how that is `` more or less the same '' as :  war , unrest or oppressive dictatorship, 
  yep . 
  is glorious central europe . 
  nah , you got that all wrong . 
  planica ski jumping hill is facing east , so you 'd be more likely to land in croatia . 
   / r/nationaljokes well , there is a certain subreddit dedicated to balls representing countries , that shall not be named . 
  when i clicked on your link , i expected to see [ something like this ] ( https://i.imgflip.com/yavjl.jpg ) . 
  200 million is just a ridiculous number . 
  it 's more than the entire population of the soviet union while stalin was in power . 
   right-wing terrorism after all has a 1000x higher body count in european history than islamic terrorism that 's bullshit . 
  you can only get a factor of 1000 if you include the acts of european far right state actors and exclude the acts of islamic state actors . 
  ummayad caliphate and the ottoman empire have been killing europeans for centuries . 
  i 'd say it is no more nanny stateish than forbidding anything that does n't directly harm others , such as for example possessing drugs . 
   i do n't know where you 're getting this `` second worse crime '' idea from here :  i think rape is the worst thing you can do bar murdering someone, 
   the population of europe are n't going to lower themselves to that unless we have to . 
  if the situation deteriorates to the point where european people 's quality of life is seriously threatened , our attitudes may change . 
  this probably does n't include all the alcohol that people produce on their own . 
  the reason why people in europe are okay with guns ( and sometimes even non-lethal weapons like pepper spray ) being illegal is that we generally have very little violent crime here . 
  we feel quite safe , we see getting physically attacked as very unlikely , and so we do n't feel a need to own weapons . 
   just check the crime statistics and answer who is really mad i think it 's ridiculous to believe that the large number of murders in the us is mainly due to legal guns . 
  huge inequality in their society is a much more likely reason . 
  / u/12396524 was explaining why he thinks rape is n't the second worse crime you can commit ( after murder ) , in response to someone who was asserting that it was .
