   i could n't imagine being turned down for a job because of a fucking scarf if you come to a job interview with a fucking scarf wrapped around your head , you may very well get turned down because of that . 
  that happened in a completely unrelated conflict and was n't actually done by serbia , but by republika srpska . 
  they were allies of the soviet union in the ww2 and that 's what i was referring to . 
  they also had good diplomatic relations with russia from the fall of the soviet union until recently ( until the russo-georgian war , afaik ) . 
   i do n't know what racism means for you the second part of you post kind of demonstrates that you do n't know what racism means , period . 
  til england and the us ended up being russia 's bitch . 
  that 's quite different from what we were taught . 
  we were taught that poland , slovakia and czech republic are a part of central europe and italy is a part of southern europe . 
  we also called the balkans southeastern europe . 
  that 's utter bullshit . 
  i guess that this depends on where you live , but i 'm 100 % sure that everyone in slovenia has met a lot of gypsies . 
  you can always have an exciting life . 
  just go rob some people . 
   to take * there * place can you stop doing that , for fuck 's sake ? 
  i think it would be much more accurate to say `` a religious group '' . 
  i find it fucked up that the not-evil chooses to just ignore , or even defend , the greater evil . 
  i like turtles . 
  well played . 
   exponentially that word has a meaning . 
  if you do n't know it , you probably should n't be using it . 
   i sure have the ability and sometimes the intention to kill annoying co-workers/clients sounds like you need to see a doctor . 
   live in literal dumps but it 's not our fault they turn every place they live in into a literal dump . 
  are you implying that lower class men are worse people than people from other groups ? 
  what the fuck , man . 
  but anyway , i would n't call it a lower class sport . 
  it 's definitely also very popular among the middle class men . 
  i found their codes of honor a bit odd , to be honest . 
  five guys kicking one guy who is laying on the ground is n't honorable in my book . 
  i 'm surprised no football fan , who is not a hooligan , has complained about your comment yet . 
  i personally know a few people who would have their jimmies rustled by a statement like this . 
  the chance of dying in a terrorist attack is not even remotely comparable to a chance of dying in a car accident . 
   giving control over to sunni - and shia sectors , possible with a fence in between , is the way they plan but what do you do about the kurds and the alawites ? 
   if these people really wanted this they would n't have waited for daesh 's arrival they wishes may have been suppressed by the dictatorship they were living under . 
   the fact that it would have happened anyway it probably would n't have happened if france had less immigration from muslim countries in the past . 
   more professional what do you mean by that ? 
   chockefull of world war ii nazi survivors ( and i mean people who ran camps and put people in trains , not just morrons who rise their arm ) i find that highly unlikely . 
  someone who was 20 years old in 1945 would be 90 years old now . 
  which means that the vast majority ( since presumably , almost all of them were male ) of people who directly participated in the genocide are dead now . 
  i doubt there were that many greeks directly participating in the genocide to begin with . 
  it just does n't seem likely that a greek party is full of them . 
  the ones in the middle east were boring too . 
   a viagem do elefante - jos\u00e9 saramago i consider blindness one of the best novels i 've ever read . 
  that 's true , but it only has 3 % of its land in europe . 
   they had the balkans for 5 centuries and they were seen as foreign invaders during that time . 
  you have by far the strongest military in the world . 
  we have no common military at all . 
   and you 'll get straight in do you actually believe this ? 
  if the people in the club do n't want you in the club , you also ca n't be in the club . 
  everyone and their cat then . 
  cats are pure halal . 
  upvoted for subtlety . 
   he accused me of being mentally unsound well , you are acting a bit paranoid . 
  seeing conspiracies everywhere and shit . 
  the map in this article is confusing as hell . 
  because the countries for which there is no data are colored white , same as the sea , the shape of the continent is all wrong . 
   hackers that is n't even the worst example . 
  [ see this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8qgehh3keq ) . 
  the percentages in this map do not actually represent poverty . 
  it was a reference to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knk7dredg3i ) . 
  it 's an internet meme . 
  hopefully ~ ~ they ~ ~ we would start giving a shit about how decisions are made at the eu level , so the eu can evolve into a more democratic entity . 
   comparing a party a significant part of the population votes for to the nazis a significant part of the population actually did vote for the nazis . 
  he may be doing what i do . 
  i sign up with some random user name when i want to post , and then stay logged in and use that username until i delete the cookies . 
  why would you even have a camera ? 
  do you need to take photos of the trash around the pyramids ? 
  most people here pretty much ignore nato completely , even though we are a member . 
  there was a heated debate about nato when we were joining it , though . 
  at that time , a large part of the population was anti nato , but more were pro nato . 
  at the referendum , 33 % were opposed to joining it . 
  i would n't say people do n't care about eu , though . 
  the membership affects us enough to make one care . 
  it is true that there is n't really a public debate about the pros and cons of eu membership . 
  i think that is because most people want to be in the eu , and we currently are , and that is n't going to change any time soon ( unless the eu falls apart for reasons outside our control ) . 
  so there is n't really much point in debating it . 
  i agree that it is wrong of macedonians to make the silly claims about alexander the great heritage , but that does n't justify you denying them the right to use the name macedonia . 
  macedonians live in an area that has been known as macedonia for centuries and they see themselves as macedonians , and macedonia and macedonians are the de facto names for the country and the people , universally used by the people of other countries . 
  to demand that they call the country something else is just unbelievably arrogant . 
  i am literally disgusted by greece 's behavior here . 
  and what other options are there ? 
  no , but people between 18 and 21 probably do . 
  plot twist : the journalists who wrote that story were bribed to write it . 
   alcohol industry was deliberately targeting this demographic , trying to create more addicts and to tempt them with cheap or free booze if they try to go clean , reminding them how good that one drink will feel , telling them that it 's just one drink and that they will still be totally in control what makes you think drug dealers are doing that ? 
  plumber detected . 
  and who cares if people in some of those territories actually wanted to be a part of russia , because fuck them , right ? 
  there is a state of reality that changes over time , but there is also a general nature of reality that does n't change . 
  this nature of reality is represented by physical laws at the lowest level and by things like human psychology , economics and social dynamics at the level that is relevant to political ideologies . 
  ideologies make assumptions about the nature of reality and use the resulting model of reality to explain why the reality should be moved into the desired direction and what steps should be taken to achieve this move . 
  because at such a high level ( social dynamics etc ) , the reality is way too complex for us to fully understand , those assumptions are inevitably an oversimplification ( if not just plain wrong ) , which will cause the ideology to clash with reality sooner or later . 
   it was only due to geopolitics to secure the harbour and military base in crimea . 
  no one gave a fuck about the 60 % ethnic russians there and even less about those in donbass and it was only geopolitics for the usa and nato , too . 
  they do n't give a fuck about ukrainians either . 
  the fact is , this crisis has at least two aspects . 
  one of them is geopolitics - nato wants to advance its influence to the east , and russia wants to prevent that advance and keep ukraine as its interest zone . 
  the other aspect of the crisis are the interests and the acts of the people in ukraine . 
  from all the media reports i have seen , it seems to me that the majority of people in the eastern ukraine really do not want to be a part of the nato and the eu . 
  and the rest of ukraine ( ignoring crimea here ) are obviously pro-western . 
  so there does seem to be a genuine difference in the vision for the country 's future between the regions . 
  yanukovich was democratically elected , after all . 
  the popular uprising that forcibly removed him from power did represent the views of the people in kiev , but it did not represent the entire people of ukraine .
