  we do , but it is n't really comparable to ancient greek history . 
  edit : i chose my words poorly in my previous comment . 
  i do n't actually think that we do n't have * any * historical heritage . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y6caxxwltm ) . 
   people in the uk are disregarding a bill that permits hacking and gagging wait , you can legally gag and then hack up a person in the uk ? 
  why the hell would they allow that ? 
  same here . 
   it 's happening anyway may as well * spin it as something positive *, 
  i know , i was joking . 
   well would you care if they called themselves slovenes well there is slovakia . 
  they call their country slovensk\u00e1 republika , which literally means slovenian republic when translated to slovene . 
  and neither nation has any problem with that . 
  there is occasionally some confusion when foreigners mix up the two countries , but we mostly find that amusing . 
  edit : and yes , if slovaks suddenly started claiming parts of slovenian territory ( they could n't steal some great historical heritage from us , since we do n't have any ) , i would probably have a problem with that , but i would n't start demanding that they call themselves former czecho-slovak republic of slovakia . 
  that 's true , but there is something very wrong about telling other countries what they should call themselves . 
  i do n't know about bulgaria , but albania is famous for stealing organs . 
  wait , are you trying to tell me that spain is n't completely fucked ? 
  fascinating !, 
  what 's next , greeks paying taxes ? 
   its not like we did not throw them a bone oh , so you have mercifully * thrown them a bone * , eh ? 
  and who , exactly , made you the supreme authority on other countries names ? 
   they are not just claiming the name , they claim the whole lot why should these two necessarily be connected ? 
  it is quite reasonable for macedonians to call their nation macedonian , since their nation has been called that for as long as it has been considered a nation . 
  and calling their country macedonia naturally follows from that . 
  claiming other nations history , on the other hand , is not reasonable at all . 
  i 'm sure there 's plenty of macedonians who believe that their country should be called macedonia but do not think that they should be claiming parts of greek history . 
  i think that it is n't at all necessary to tie the two issues together and doing so only helps macedonian nationalists . 
   fyrom rejected them you mean macedonia rejected them . 
  you ca n't just go around calling other countries by fantasy made up names just because you do n't like some of their policies . 
  they meant * deficit * , right ? 
  oh , i know it 's inelegant , unnecessarily complex and full of weird inconsistencies , special cases and undefined behavior . 
  i work with c++ full time , so i know its flaws well . 
  i was just messing around with my comment really , i am far from being a fanboy . 
  still , i think comparing it to php is taking it a bit to far . 
  and at least it 's a real language ( unlike python ) . 
   terms of how helpful it would be travelling across europe that depends on where you want to travel , but as / u/frivilligt said , it would probably be most helpful to know a language whose native speakers are typically terrible at english , such as for example italian or spanish . 
   or how it might help you in your career that also depends on what you want to work at . 
  overall , i guess it would be most helpful to know german , since there are more native german speakers in the eu than that of any other language and germany is also the largest economy . 
  another benefit of learning german is that it would make it easier to follow their politics ( not being able to read their press makes that harder ) , which would make it easier to understand the politics of the eu as a whole , since germany is so influential in it . 
  i personally know very little german , but am thinking about learning it better . 
  c++ or nothing . 
   look at each other not in the eyes , though . 
  so that 's where all latvia 's potato has gone . 
  speaking as someone not from the randstad , nobody cares whether that 's the randstad or not . 
   but it 's not mutilation i agree it is n't mutilation since it does n't really affect your life significantly . 
  but it is an irreversible medical procedure that is usually done without any medical reason . 
  i do n't think that parents have the right to decide for such a procedure on behalf of their child . 
  there is currently about 2.7 million of registered refugees in turkey . 
  3 billion per year is only a fraction of what those refugees cost turkey , and chump change compared to what it would cost european countries if they came here . 
  if you did n't catch on when you read the words `` at arms length '' , you sarcasm detector is broken . 
   that 's so crazy that it might actually work it 's actually absolutely fucking disgusting . 
  but the map does n't lump vietnam and korea together . 
   we would have been unable to intervene to protect europe from the result of its own folly . 
  ah , exaggerating britain 's role in the wwii again . 
  there probably is n't that many places with `` saint '' in their name there , since catholics are in the minority , and most of the catholics there immigrated later than the protestants ( for example the irish , the polish , the italians and most recently the hispanic people ) , and so i assume they were n't as involved in naming places . 
   really low quality propaganda unlike the good old days , when you had top notch propaganda . 
   population  2016 estimate 24,012,600 pretty sure it 's an island . 
   but those damned crocodile ranchers can just annex a landlocked country to be fair , you did annex them too in 1938 . 
  [ yeah , that was pretty nice . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17gbgmdorwk ), 
  that really depends on the part of slovenia and the part of slovakia . 
  it 's a bit over 3h from maribor to bratislava . 
  nah , he probably meant mozart . 
   believes it 's * beliefs * . 
  not trying to be rude , just letting you know what the correct spelling is . 
   turks gave us some cuisine which is n't really the best imo ( i hate cevapi ) that 's literally the first time i have heard someone say they do n't like cevapi . 
   and some of the worst folk outfits i 've ever seen still not as bad as the folk outfits [ we got from the austrians ] ( http://img.rtvslo.si/_up/upload/2013/09/08/65027395_img_0092.jpg ) . 
   i do n't know why really , just being honest do n't worry about it , it 's only natural for a turk to enjoy conquest and the plight of subdued nations . 
   thank you germany . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ua1wb-fovq ), 
  excessive force means more force than is necessary to achieve the goal . 
  if the only thing that will achieve the goal is lethal force , then that is by definition sufficient , not excessive force . 
  i 'm only talking about the use of the word here , not about a morality of any use of force . 
  of course it 's much less than the intake , but that 's from places like germany . 
  overall , it probably is better off then those countries , but that does n't mean that all the people from those countries are better off in greece than they would be at home . 
  it does not increase exterior surface , which is what matters for the heat transfer . 
  is your point that it 's more important for the women 's toilets to be clean , because women need to sit while urinating , while men usually urinate standing up ? 
  well , men need to seat on the toilet too while they defecate , so that 's a fucking ridiculous argument . 
  he looks ugly as hell in that picture . 
  why the hell would women need more comfortable facilities ? 
  maybe in croatia , but in slovenia it always refers to prekmurska gibanica . 
  about as much as people in 2016 have to do with a deportation that happened during wwii . 
   same here , peace can be eternal as well , exzcpet that the dead ones are `` umarli '' or `` zmarli in slovene `` umrli '' also means dead , but the most common , neutral translation of dead to slovene would be `` mrtev '' . 
  `` pokojni '' , sounds a bit more respectful , for example , it is commonly used in obituaries . 
   slavic languages are fun , but the funniest are false friends i know of one false friend between slovak and slovene . 
  the word `` f\u00fakac\u00ed '' in slovak means blowing , as in `` a wind is blowing '' , and the word `` fukati '' in slovene means fucking . 
   in slovenian pokoj is only used in the sense of eternal peace according to the dictionary of slovene language , `` pokojen '' can also mean peaceful , although i 've never heard it used that way . 
  in the examples of usage of the word `` pokojen '' to mean peaceful in the dictionary , the word `` spokojen '' would sound more appropriate . 
   and in recent time pro-us seriously ? 
  how did that happen ? 
  why would n't it ? 
   if they are not humans , then what are they filthy cockroaches , the lot of them . 
  i agree we have an instinct to reproduce , my objection was n't to that . 
  what makes you sound like you 're from 1900 is that you do n't seem to be aware of the fact that it is now possible to fuck without producing babies , and that this is in fact what people in all the developed countries seem to have been doing for the last few decades , since our fertility rates are below the replacement level . 
  and what is your alternative to those artificial borders ? 
  do you think all of those countries being a part of the ottoman empire would be any better ? 
  cause that was the situation before the artificial borders . 
  it is n't like each ethnicity/religion had its own country . 
   nobody will ever stop fucking and producing more babies .
