  well , the man who moves the small rock and believes he will eventually move the mountain is delusional . 
  i would n't really call kayaking ( at least slalom ) an endurance sport . 
  races only take about 3 minutes or so . 
  not necessarily . 
  could also be eastern europe or balkan men . 
  judging by the swedish crime shows i 've watched , at least . 
   but when i 'm abroad i do drink like a degenerate every british person ever . 
  i guess it 's the same reason why normans got to do so much of the immigration into great britain in the past . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  usually when people on reddit complain that it is n't clear whether some comment is sarcastic or not , it clearly is sarcastic . 
  but with this guy , you really ca n't tell . 
   so-called ` melting-pot ' theory is mostly a giant hoax by now it seems to have worked for some groups of immigrants in the past , for example the irish , the germans , the poles and the italians . 
  all those groups were the same race as the majority population , though , and their culture was not completely different . 
  that is completely irrelevant , unless your point is that hawaiians should hate white europeans for their culture . 
  not more pompous than most anthems . 
  certainly not more pompous than the polish one . 
   a father of two with a degree in sports therapy does not bomb people because he is convinced that god will give him a paradise in the sky forever after the evidence suggests that he does . 
  religious fanaticism is a real thing . 
  i assume you do n't have strong religious feelings and that the concept of having such feelings seems foreign to you . 
  but just because you feel that way , it does n't mean it 's true for everyone . 
   we 're lucky if we get blackberries then why are n't you making alcoholic beverages from those ? 
   no wait , 14 + are drinking anyway , but then again , not so often , and probably not wine too much . 
  when i was underage , we were drinking mostly cheap wine , because it was the cheapest alcohol you could get . 
  suck it , france . 
  we drink more wine than you . 
  and we often mix it with coca cola , too . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  this \u0160e\u0161elj must be a wise man ( and not at all a war criminal ) . 
  they claim they want to antagonize sweden and finland into joining nato ( so that they can cry victim ) ? 
  cause that 's the statement that makes no sense to me . 
  that makes no sense , at all . 
  using [ this amazing device ] ( http://theculinarycook.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/chefs-knife.jpg ) . 
  well , races do exist and slovenians are a part of the race that is usually called white . 
  the people here are aware of this fact , but we do n't really talk about it . 
  it just is n't an issue people care about . 
  slovenia is quite racially homogenous anyway , so it 's not like we have racial tensions here . 
  people who are referring to the white people , i guess . 
  i do n't think that would piss off many people here . 
  implying greece is n't retired at 45 . 
  slovaks also call their country `` slovensk\u00e1 republika '' . 
  in slovenian language , that means `` slovenian republic '' - the only difference is the accent on a. 
  and their word for a slovak woman is `` slovenka '' , same as our word for a slovenian woman . 
  i had a friend who told me he once had sex with a guy to see if he was gay . 
  he said he learned he was n't . 
  yup . 
  when germany sends its migrants , they 're not sending their best . 
  nah , you 're gon na make a big , beautiful wall and make the sea pay for it . 
   when it refers to antiquity it means turning someone from a hut-dwelling barbarian , to a civilized member of society i would have thought it meant molesting young boys . 
  `` catholic priests are famous for hellenizing altar boys . '', 
  now the brits need to ask themselves : [ `` are we the baddies ? 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn1vxamejru ), 
  also my shit . 
   the director of russia 's ~ ~ anti ~ ~ doping laboratory, 
  i do n't know much about slovenian rap or rap in general , but i quit like [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wnpjjoizp4 ) . 
  your comment lacks [ kebab removal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkib8-2lk6s ) . 
  wait , you would n't commit a suicide if your boss died ? 
  have you no decency ? 
   sweden - everyone likes sweden i guess except / pol / . 
  you are right , of course . 
  it is serbia . 
  you ca n't really blame them for thinking you are mexican . 
  you guys do speak mexican after all . 
   it 's not funny all the other times now try to imagine how funny it is for the rest of us when we hear `` cyka blyat '' every 10 seconds when we play videogames . 
  rusky , yes ? 
   \u043b\u043e\u043d\u0433 written like that , urging team mates to go to long ( part of de dust ) . 
   i asked for proof that there was a causal link ... you asked for a source for his statement . 
  hist statement was about a distribution of crime , he made no claims about a causal link . 
  so no , you have n't asked for proof that there was a causal link . 
  you asked him to provide a source for his statement about the distribution of crime , which he did . 
  the backdoors can be very subtle and hard to spot in code . 
  for a demonstration , see [ this ] ( http://www.underhanded-c.org/ ) . 
  you realize the differences between the dialects of what croats consider to be the croatian language are larger than the difference between the standard croatian and the standard serbian language , right ? 
  well we did manage to do it after wwii . 
  the church got their stuff back later , though . 
  i was talking about albanians in slovenia . 
  really ? 
  most albanians here are much shorter than that . 
  if you tried to club lynx kittens , their mother might have something to say about it though . 
  depends on how you look at it . 
  if you divide europe into western and eastern europe , than slovenia is in eastern europe . 
  actually even that is a little unclear , since the division of europe into western and eastern comes from the cold war , and yugoslavia was not part of the warsaw pact , even though it was communist . 
  if you divide europe into northern , western , southern , eastern , central and south-eastern ( aka the balkans ) , then slovenia is in central europe , or at least that 's what they taught us at school . 
  people do n't completely agree on the borders of central europe , so some people may see slovenia , or some parts of it , as part of the balkans . 
  [ related ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo ), 
  incidentally , that is also how welsh people greet their livestock . 
  is she making out with a dog in that image ? 
  i knew people who live in remote places with animals are not to be trusted . 
  i guess some men just want to watch the eu burn . 
   europe by segregating them gipsies usually do a pretty good job of segregating themselves . 
  finland has a small population and nokia used to be a huge company . 
  their revenue in 2008 was about $ 70 billion , which is close to gdp of slovakia ( which is $ 88 billion ) , a country of approximately the same population size as finland . 
   i lost two tooth fillings when i has to drive on that that 's probably because your horse cart has no suspension . 
   bunch of punk rockers well , at least you did n't blame it on the hippies ( i 'll get off your lawn now ) . 
  it ca n't be , not enough feces on the floor . 
  wait , people in poland grill meat on * coal * ? 
   they probably brake down and cry like a baby for 3 weeks nah , they can always go to one of their ` self love ' workshops . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was joking . 
  you know , not everyone does everything in life with a goal of appearing intelligent . 
   if white philosophers are required , then to teach their work from a critical standpoint . 
  for example , acknowledging the colonial context in which so called `` enlightenment '' philosophers wrote within yeah , these people do n't hate western civilization at all .
