  apart from that , demaning 70 years after the effect a completely ridiculous sum only makes us look even more stupid . 
  also the freaking timing of the issue , we have barely enough cash on hand to pay pensions/suppliers and are on a serious negociation with europe , now isnt the time to ask for things like reparations . 
  expecting to recieve 300 billion in reparations is simply not realistic ( even if legally the matter was never resolved , w.germany did a partial settlement of 100milion marks but they kept postponing the issue ) . 
  honestly we insult the memories of the people that perished on the occupation by bringing the matter now . 
  if 2 headed bears start crossing the borders , i am calling dibs on the power armor . 
  i mean even ankara is at almost 1000 meters elevation , a simple look at weather forecast would give people an indication that turkey gets really hard winters . 
  but when it comes to geography , middle-east = sahara dunes . 
  just because we have thousands of islands , people think that greece is athens and islands but in reality the vast majority of the landscape is mountainous with only 2 major plains . 
  i wish we could do better job at advertising greece as not only a summer destination but a great winter escape aswell . 
  what can i say , i guess you know someone on syriza inner circle , a party mind you that barely can agree with its own members but somehow has an evil grexit plan . 
  also remember syriza got 36 % on the last elections , even though our electoral law allows for that % to form a government it doesnt mean that the party itself has wide support . 
  i honestly dont know why i bother when you most likely trolling me . 
  using quotas isnt the same word as redistributed equally . 
  unless my english is that bad . 
  edit : just saw the source and poster history/account age , why do i even bother . 
  spuds for the spud throne . 
  yeah well it wont happen , the vast majority wants to stay on eu and on the euro even if it means stricter measures . 
  first i see of it , any better source than this site ? 
  also the only monitors are not on trains but on platforms and usually have an overlay depicting various everyday info like calendar/temperature and some culture stuff . 
  i find it hard to believe that they would play videos like this . 
  jet fuel cant melt parthenon marble . 
  the 1687 explosion was an inside job !, 
  the dual island superstructure design is kinda strange , was that elevator between the 2 that bad needed ? 
  it just gives a general awkard cv design . 
  have you seen the collective spending of eu defense budgets ? 
  have you seen the collective capablities of the french/italian/uk / german armaments industries ? 
  its possible to and can be done , but it wont . 
  calling someone anti-american for a hypothetical/controversial scenario is a long strectch . 
  this chart is bullshit , belgium is ranked higher than us ? 
  we spend like gazilions of gazilions of money we dont have to have thousands of tanks and more fighters than uk . 
  ( i wish we didnt though , we kinda got into this mess , thanks to that crazy spending ), 
  i would actually like to see a collective withdrawal from nato from all eu members and creation of a european federal defense force with the same or even better capablities . 
  i thought the whole program is plagued with issues . 
  wasnt the entire uk order required to replace every single engine ? 
  and first deliveries might not make it untill 2019 / ? 
  thats a legit casus belli norway , the time for the kalmar union to rise again has come . 
  more transparency for elections . 
  freedom of press and general freedom of speech . 
  some look on human rights . 
  admit vodka is polish ( thats a joke , please dont nuke me ), 
  the newspapers you linked on the first img are the not exactly first rate ... , in fact i doubt they sell more than 10 copies combined and that includes purchases to wrap fish . 
  it has to be isolated case , i never never saw someone refusing to serve tourists . 
  again i remain sceptical of certain german media outlets . 
  o come on , where did you read about tourists not served , thats some bild bullshit right there . 
  proton torpedos ca n't melt durasteel space station cores : death star was an inside job . 
  i feel like every dose we pay we scrape random obscure reserves to cover it ... ( i dont forget the so called atm computer error that delayed pensions for a couple days ) . 
  tough month is gon na be tough . 
  i just read that on a greek news site aswell , apparently each country member of imf maintains a security account that can be used as guarantee for emergency purposes . 
  greece chose to use that 1984 imf account to pay yesterday instalment , to avoid running too low on reserves for pensions/wages . 
  however the account must be refilled by the end of the month . 
  kinda worrying . 
  exactly this , haity was one of the wealthiest colonial estates france had , but because it was a slave revolt that lead to an independece , haiti was seen as dangerous precedent ( for usa aswell , remember this was in 1804 , long before the civil war . 
  so the great powers of the time effectively blocked the exports from haiti and france even demanded that haiti reimburse the white plantation slave owners . 
  again the imminent bankruptcy clickbait ? 
  '' yanis varoufakis , the greek finance minister , indicated that greece may not have more than a couple of weeks before the country 's liquidity issues became `` binding '' . '', 
  it means things are tight and close to being really bad but not a bankruptcy in 2 weeks . 
  now for the 15th may payments ... what a month to be alive . 
  spending the rest of his life behind bars waiting to die , knowing he wont die a martyr seems appropriate ( since this is an extreme case , imprisoment should be about rehabilitation not outright biblical punishment but when we have cases like that , life imprisoment is appropriate ) . 
  both are equally bad , you dont cancel a bad thing with another one . 
  good to know . 
  maybe also start looking at major greek corporations that relocated for tax purposes to various tax heavens ( i am looking at you fage !, 
  ) , although legal , its completely immoral and unpatriotic . 
  i find amazing the names of countries and major cities in lithuanian . 
  ( add as to everything ? 
  is it like burg ? ), 
  the vat reform seems a step to the right direction , the commodoties that still use the low values are very few anyway , so a drop from 23 % to a universal 17-18 % vat for all products could be nice . 
  and by reducing vat you theoritically reduce tax evasion , further increasing income , etc. 
  however i have a feeling prices wont drop , those that didnt pay still wont pay and i will end up paying more taxes afterall . 
  they really need to speed up on the punishment enforcement for tax evasion and those godamn swiss accounts must be audited afterall , people hide their billions in a cozy bank on zurich ? 
  confiscate it if they dont properly declare it , this crazy party must stop . 
  what will happen in 2017 if the referendum for gb to leave eu passes ? 
  will scotland declare independence and remain in eu ? 
  i am asking based on the current political landscape and the fact that the majority of scots wish to remain in eu . 
  the problem is gon na be another 3.5 billion untill the 15th and then more as the summer approaches . 
  to demonstrate how tight the finances were , part of pension payments last week werent paid and instead the state cited an error on the atm/network and then paid next day . 
  siemens and corruption ? 
  i am shocked . 
  very relevant post . 
  when you marry each other , inevitably that happens . 
  wasnt a danish king children that pretty much married into all the royal houses of europe ? 
  the opap sale was a scandal , the second most profitable company in greece sold for peanuts indeed . 
  tbh the selling of the freight terminal in piraeus to a chinese conglomerate , has shown investment and rapid expansion of the facilities . 
  if it can be replicated on other major ports it would only bring benefits . 
  as it stands now , most ports have stagnated and the state isnt exactly in position to do major investments or expansions , so why the hell not . 
  as long as the sale price/investment plan are solid , i dont see how thats an issue ( then again our dreaded greek bureaucracy comes and everything freezes solid ), 
  private channels started completely unregulated , never paying for the right to transmit ( and made a few billions in those 30 years ) . 
  i really hope the parliament passes the law that requires private channels to pay for a licence . 
  and yet i never understood , why i if i dont have a tv i have to pay that tax ... we have to decide a proper model , 2.5 k employees is a bit tad much for the content it was producing . 
  and greece ... our huge military spending is one of our many issues . 
  both is the correct answer . 
  what a quality post , awesome post history aswell . 
  well this whole cheating thing is a big discussion , germany didnt include east germany deficits/debts , italy did some cooking aswell . 
  i would love to see a cross-european survey and region specific aswell , to see the differences between urban center populations and rural ones . 
  tbh cosco management has been exceptional so far , from increase of jobs , wages and huge investments aswell as steady profits for the state . 
  ( compared to the years of stagnation under state management ) its one of the few proper privatization done in greece . 
  if we need to complain , a terrible deal was the sellout of state lottery opap ( second most profitable company in greece ) at an almost firesale price . 
  some of the pictures from inside the terminal , have blown out roof and wall tiles . 
  stupid crazy world . 
  you have my sword ( debts ), 
  i am having flashbacks from greek roads a few weeks ago .
