  the vast majority of commercial goods sold are imports , with drachma you are about to have an exceptional expensive product spike which the local production mind you is non-existant . 
  also oil taxes in greece are possibly one of the highest forms of income for the state ( exactly why we have so expensive gazoline , huge tax on it , also the state owns a big chunk of one of the 2 major companies ), 
  ok good luck building an industry with no capital , good luck exporting anything ( remember our biggest export is refined oil products with a 8billion deficit of crude oil imports ) . 
  so easy to go to drachma , zero internal industry , zero capital to build that industry , expensive imports and non-existing exports . 
  great times . 
  reality shows kinda died out in greece the last 5 years . 
  i mean compared to your average reality shows it would propably be far more educational . 
  we have a pretty good army , for a while we were no3 in nato spending % gdp ( one of the many reasons of our mess today ) to call us trojan horse for russian relations is kinda extreme , greece has maintained good relations with russia for centuries . 
  for us at least its supposed to guarantee that the first party would be able to form stable majority governments , in reality it leads to situations of 151 + governments even though they only recieved 30-36 % of the votes . 
  i mean if they have the nationality many countries allow for it . 
  i can vote for the french elections at the french embassy even though i was born in greece but thanks to my mother i have dual nationality and citizenship . 
  i think there is some hilarious examples in the us , expatriots can vote for presidential elections but some non-incorporated citizens cant . 
  i think one of the biggest issues i read , is that turkey has a similar bonus seats electoral system like greece . 
  in greece for a party to get into the parliament they need at least 3 % nationwide , else the first party gets their seats . 
  in turkey ( turks redditors , please correct if wrong ) , a party must get at least 10 % !, 
  in order to gain access to the parliament . 
  i dont wish to be that guy , but per reddit guidelines , he just used the article title . 
  if he had edited in any way , it could have been said of inserting his personal opinion and the whole post be removed . 
  maybe its for visual reasons ? 
  it seems to be more clear on the white/blue fond, 
  polygon is so crap . 
  and witcher , a game that deals so good with racial discrimination ( dwarfs/elf pogroms ) . 
  clickbaiting as usual . 
  well it took almost 200.000 and 400 ships last time . 
  dogs and cats on cities yes . 
  and a huge pigeon crap factory ( rip cars ) not sterilizing the dogs roaming athens ( merely collecting em for a month in 2004 for the olympics ) plus owners abandoning dogs when they move/dont care/not cute enough , the lack of a proper humane organisation and a law frame concerning animal abuse . 
  these are many reasons athens mostly has so many stray dogs . 
  but feral animals ? 
  i mean you might see bears on north greece because some brilliant asswipe built a highway on top the bear paths with no alternate routes for them , but on cities ? 
  thats a bit extreme to call the stray populations feral . 
  unless you mean the 300 feral animals at the centre of the city , they are a special kind of animals . 
  tax revenue for the state , less police spending on drug enforcement , less strain on the prison system . 
  greece has possibly the highest taxes on oil refineries and gazoline . 
  the trade deficit , comes from the fact we dont produce enough crude oil . 
  the couple sources of crude oil production are miniscule to our needs . 
  we import 18billion dollar worth of crude oil . 
  and export 12 billion dollar worth of refined oil products . 
  so you would import crude oil in expensive dollar prices , consume for internal use and then hope to still be competitive for exports ? 
  in case of failure , imagine all the divisions stationed in the west would have been able to turn east on the russian front and south on the italian front and possibly delay or even turn the tide long enough that we would see us forced to use atom bombs in germany . 
  or pan-am flights to the moon . 
  in 30 years it will be , railguns , microfusion engines and energised armor . 
  i have posted it before and i will say it again , going to drachma is suicide . 
  our main exports are refined oil products , which are aquired with a serious trade deficit . 
  we have no major industrial infrastructure to create a cheap alternative for the inevitable expensive imports of all major goods . 
  we have no capital to create said industry . 
  tourism hard currency income wont be enough to balance the mess in all other aspects of our economy . 
  and at the same article he says that an agreement is ever close ( which we hear the last 2 months but whatever ) time is running out , i feel our government wasted precious months and only started actual negociation the last 2 weeks . 
  the angle of the picture isnt showing it , but the body frontal armor is sloped . 
  dont bother with him , he is a one day troll . 
  \u039f\u03bb\u03bb\u03b1\u03bd\u03b4\u03af\u03b1 hollandia essentially . 
  in greece unfortunately politics is often getting into the government for the sake of it . 
  even on the verge of the abyss . 
  but as you said , they were elected on the promise of staying at the eurozone , they wont get the same results on a new election if they abandon the eurozone road . 
  its more like that a small portion of syriza wont accept the terms and since the government maintains a tight majority it could lead to elections . 
  ironic that much of the capital used in the creation and aquisition of these islamic bank branches ( essentially 0 interest banks ) , was procured through international lending which obviously has interest . 
  interesting article nontheless , its always interesting to read the implications of islamization on the financial sector . 
  iron merkel . 
  if ww3 were to break out , i imagine merkel atop a leopard in full medieval plate armor . 
  i think the recent developments are about to reveal an abyss of corruption and greed . 
  we always knew fifa had something rotten inside , we just didnt know the extent of the problem . 
  another glorious fine for a glorious bank whose entire histrory has been dipped into money laundering and its humble beginnings have deep roots to the opium trading on china . 
  a shining example of modern banking institutions , 200 years of greed and corruption . 
  you should also see that myconos , one of the most expensive tourist destinations in the world , gets the reduced vat ... madness, 
  tbh our creditors will never accept a decrease on vat so the whole discussion is academic , in fact its more likely they demand a unified vat for all services and products at 23 % . 
  but you can also make a fortune . 
  i think its in japan that they have begun filtering the sewage networks for precious metals , the amounts of gold they take is simply incredible . 
  so yeah we also shit gold . 
  you do realize food is on the higher 23 % echelon right ? 
  its a nice round number and it doesnt create a mess of accounting of having 5 different vat values . 
  at 15 % you will refuce tax evasion and general prices , favoring both internal market and your tourist prospects . 
  it has always been like that ( personally i am in favor of a unified 15 % vat for everything ), 
  the left platform is split into further smaller groups of crazy . 
  there are times i wonder how that party keeps itself together , as long as they follow the party line and vote when needed , we might avoid early elections . 
  its a very small faction though even if on other subreddit you claim otherwise . 
  i dont get what you saying , all the listed countries ( and many smaller ones ) have exceptional armament industries , germany produces leopards , france has an incredible aviaton industry . 
  now i will give you the point that coordinating all that production to a common standard equipment would be a more difficult task . 
  however a good example of civil cooperation between industies is obviously airbus . 
  if it can be done for civilian purposes ( to the point that boeing has a huge competitor ) it can certainly be done for military purposes . 
  good . 
  using an image containing ingredients your product doesnt contain should always be considered false advertisment . 
  this has me really worried , the cohesion of syriza was already questionable , last thing we need , on the brink of bankrupcy are new elections . 
  non stability right before the peak tourist period isnt really great . 
  well one wanted to be caliph in the place of the caliph , this one aims for the sultanate . 
  why do people have such prejudice against horse meat , if its proper ( no drugs , old age etc ) , its very tastefull . 
  thats all we hear for like months , some tangible results wouldnt be bad . 
  there might not be one , but if need arises europe can create very fast a strong military . 
  industry wise , german , french , italian and uk armaments industries are exceptional strong . 
  what i would like to see is a federal defense force , nothing too major , just a battalion from each country member . 
  but that nucleus could be used to form larger formations if an emergency arises . 
  but then the question arises , that federal force , what is its mission , what would happen if member states interests collide ? 
  i dont think anyone wants to imagine the potential crash . 
  but first greece has always been part of the balkans , its part of our culture and our history , i dont think anyone has ever claimed otherwise . 
  to say that people wont care is a big exagarattion , at 25 % unemployment and more than 50 % on the under 30 's , people care . 
  i dont have answers to your post , i believe and hope that we will not make a collossal mistake but i am not cassandra , i already live in fear that i am not have job in the coming months and have explored the chance of living abroad . 
  getting worked up on internet comments is the least i need . 
  and yet some manage to get under my skin . 
  there doesnt seem to be an easy way out , if i have to choose between more austerity or a potential unknown catastrophic economical event , the choice is obvious for me . 
  the current bet is , if the government can convince our creditors to be slightly more lenient on certain aspects of the measures . 
  other than that , i know that for the next 30 years we have a nearly unsustainable debt and record unemployment rates . 
  i honestly dont see a way out , especially with the current greek infrastructure , even argentina , which is btw a gigantic exporter in contrast to us , is still struggling on many aspects .
