  how about neither marine or monsieur ` vous etes du racaille ' there are other options than these 2 . 
  we are comparing uneven countries though and ignoring significant historic developments . 
  usa was a gigantic industrial power , greece has little to none industry . 
  usa had an exceptionally charismatic president in the form of fdr , who wasnt afraid to engage controversial politics at the time and his 100 days program is simply a huge fit of economic measures . 
  and last but not least , the advent of ww2 , the total industrial mobilisation and war gearing of the us economy really propelled em to be the most powerfull economic nation in just 20 years after the crash on 29 ' . 
  we are ready to be bribed and go overdebt to replace our leopards aswell . 
  throw some subamarines aswell but make sure they go only backwards . 
  720 isnt bad here either ... nowadays anyways , in fact its pretty good . 
  sorry if my post sounded sarcastic . 
  720 euros , wow . 
  the sad thing is , although its the logical thing to do , by getting the money out of the bank , the bank has liquidity issues , asks for more money from the ecb . 
  people see that banks have issues , go get out more money and the cycle of doom continues . 
  and carry a geiger counter for good measure , polonium is a terrible death . 
  it would be a suicide if they try to pass it as a common law , rebellion would happen and i dont think they can even pass it as a law through the parliament . 
  i think it would require a constitution change and the vote block would be much different then . 
  they are at 30-40 % popular , hardly enough to attempt such a gigantic change . 
  and half of their voters want to stay on the eurozone , so syriza support on leaving the eurozone would have been extremely limited . 
  prepares to exit euro , more clickbait please . 
  bullshit , syriza cant decide on leaving or staying on euro without either new elections or a referendum . 
  and trust me the average greek can easily deduce on who is to blame . 
  the majority wants to stay on eurozone , syriza was elected on the promise that we would stay while still doing a better negociation ( they are pretty terrible at even arguing with themselfs , but thats another story ) as you said only 35 % voted for them , they dont have the power to make a drastic decision and they certainly cant put a smokescreen about who is to blame . 
  greek production is close to nonexistant , our exports are exceptionally low compared to our imports . 
  you say olives and oil , but most of our bulk production gets shipped to italy and rebranded there . 
  industry doesnt exist , our pimary economy is tourism and possibly the second largest maritime trade fleet . 
  so having a cheap currency while could be somewhat lucrative with teh flow of dollars/euros/yen via tourism doesnt really benefit the economy on the long run . 
  the current government was voted on the basis that we will remain on the euro no matter what . 
  the vast majority of the people want to remain in the eurozone , there is no way the government will make the decision to go back to drachma without either a referendum or new elections . 
  syrio = benjen = strong belwas = victarion, 
  so imf is the iron bank ? 
  they always get their due . 
  there were crimes commited and money that went through us , swiss authorites collaborated on the arrests and on the extradiction procedure . 
  honestly it needs to be done properly , we created the libya mess afterall . 
  any action must be planned very thoroughly to avoid repeating the mistakes of the gaddafi operation . 
  because that went so well last time . 
  4months . 
  close all ports , shoot down all planes . 
  our olive oil is the last thing we have , please dont let it spread here . 
  ( that being said its mostly our oil that gets exported to italy and rebranded there , so we are propably safe ) ty . 
  half the eu lied to get into the eurozone , germany didnt include the east germany debt , italy did cooking and questionable accounting . 
  also the muppets recieved 35 % , not an asbolute majority , its our stupid electoral law that allows em to get an almost full majority . 
  most of the bailout money was used to pay the debts which in turn created new debts . 
  potential death day for us one day before d-day . 
  well that favors the major europe exporters . 
  see even on the verge of abyss we help europe . 
  what you didnt expect though is your invasion has sparked viking revival dreams , in a sudden move , denmark , sweden , norway , iceland reestablish the kalmar union and begin anew the party . 
  they demand finland to join and promise karelia from angry bear , the scandinavian army is composed of rocket boosted vikings , the russian icbm are destroyed on ground before they even recieve the launch codes . 
  the world watches in shock as literal ragnarok begins . 
  i mean we never stop paying ... 
  gema has been alerted , have a nice block . 
  romanes eunt domus ... maybe too old of a reference . 
  that project and the other about connecting the qattara depression to the sea are some crazy ass gigantic projects that i would like to see but know would have huge enviromental consequences . 
  what do you mean by age of industry ? 
  if you refer to the sinking , i think italy has done major waterworks to control the lagoon water levels . 
  feels like cops hiding behind a bush and fining jaywalking pedestrians . 
  so the whole article is sarcasm ? 
  sorry didnt notice . 
  no offense but the author of this has some really questionable opinions . 
  shots are traded between albanian militants and macedonian security forces . 
  over 20 are dead . 
  the left says that the government plotted all this , to distract from the wiretapping scandal . 
  is this a kind of macedonian trutherism ? 
  did the vmro government set this up the way george w. bush , dick cheney , and condi rice arranged for 9/11 ? 
  welsh wet dream . 
  i did and its border cringeworthy . 
  if they werent this serious i would see it as an onion video . 
  imperial delusions of grandeur . 
  its based on a actual 4 drachma 5th century bc coin from athens . 
  its essentially a coin in coin design . 
  there was no way he could have kept the swedish throne , the protestant parliament didnt want a catholic monarch . 
  hence why his uncle took the throne . 
  yes and that lead to a very brutal swedish-polish war on matter of succession and occupation of lands on livonia ( modern baltics ) . 
  man a crazy what if scenario is if it was succesfull , scotland would have total control of pacifc-atlantic trade routes and possibly built a panama like canal earlier . 
  imagine the politics of central and south america if a colombia sized english speaking colony existed . 
  imagine the haggis catapults . 
  to fight both germany and soviet union ? 
  the british middle east would have been steamrolled by the soviet armoured divisions before even rommel crossed the ardennes . 
  to play devil 's advocate here , chamberlain position was not that easy , public opinion on a potential new great war was definetely not desirable . 
  the catastrophic losses of the first world war had scarred an entire generation , apeasement may seem like a colossal error from our perspective but at the time the public was happy that a potential war was averted . 
  take a hike to olympus if you are into the mountains thing , as i can see there is still some snow on the top but the rest should be clear . 
  if you are done with thessalia , take the train and head to thessalonica , many stuff to see there . 
  just to be safe , stroll south ( k shameless self plug promotion off ) , honestly no idea of the situation , it seems media overblown . 
  easily venizelos , abandon the impossible idea of keeping smyrna and focusing efforts on keeping east thrace and maybe constantinople . 
  we had a strong navy , we could have kept the one side of the bosporus , instead of going deep into anatolia dreaming of past glories . 
  anything else were delusions of grandeur and waste of precious life and materials . 
  the trucks carrying weapons were just going on vacation to syria . 
  why you have to be so suspicious ? 
  look , the whole reparations thing was never settled properly but i dont ask for the 300 billion ridiculous sum . 
  there were never reparations for the survivors of the various massacres , except for the jews of thessalonica . 
  that could be settled for a few million only . 
  armed rebellion ? 
  say what ? 
  pff who cares , now unknown drones flying above french nuclear reactors , thats a story . 
  well the deadline is 5 june , they better be close to a deal soon , the 1.5 billion to imf isnt gon na be possible to pay . 
  to realize even how more tight the finances are going , the government asked the various greek embassies/consulates abroad to sent whatever reserve they have back home ( usually income from visas ) . 
  we need a deal and we needed it 4months ago . 
  good , we need a reliable nuclear fallout shelter for humanity to continue to exist . 
  they couldnt compete with cheaper production overseas on some cases , on other cases there was a vast investment and relocation of production on former soviet union countries . 
  a good example of this is romania , take a look at how many romanian companies belong to a greek group ( rom telecom , chipita , etc ), 
  the whole reparations thing is a big discussion . 
  my personal opinion is this , reparations should be paid to the survivors of the various villages that were purged ( kandanos/kalavruta , etc ) .
