  i am not really hot into going into drachma to find out how it will look like . 
  besides the core issues of the greek state like tax evasion and bureacracy are irrelevant of the currency . 
  so either euro/drachma/phoenix / mars dollars , unless we fix those core issues it wont make a change . 
  no matter how much tourism we have , we dont have almost any semblance of an industry . 
  even if greece were to become the no1 tourist hotspot , it still wouldnt be enough . 
  now if we were more self-sustainaible on food , there was a respectable internal industry and we had some serious exports and not a 30 billion trade deficit , maybe it could work . 
  as it stands it would take 20-30 years of deep crisis with drachma to even reach the pre-crisis levels . 
  ( and of course nobody would lend money to greece or come to invest ) . 
  i had no idea , thanks for the clarification ... so burn the op ? 
  7.5 billions of euros is the estimated loss of vat income each year , due to what you just described . 
  i was shocked when i first searched for a job , no matter how many years pass , the tax codex , never stops to surprise me with its laws and rules . 
  you seem shocked , welcome to our reality . 
  the advance tax also applies to corporate tax . 
  anyway i am glad i am a salary man , honest freelancers in greece are pretty much presumed guilty of tax avoidance from the start . 
  the tax law for corporate and freelancing is pretty archaic to say the least . 
  its pretty known that we export heavily petroleum products . 
  the problem of course is we have a huge trade deficit . 
  we essentially import 18 billion of crude oil , refine and process it , keep for internal consumption and export whats left . 
  so when people say , hur dur , drahma , have no idea how the greek economy functions on the slightest . 
  expensive imports , non-existant industry , hell even most food is imported . 
  tourist sector is a huge boon , but even that cant offset the core issues . 
  its not really shocking . 
  refineries are complex industrial and technological behemoths . 
  a good portion of the parts and technology is simply not availabe domestically in russia . 
  add to that what the article mentions about the tax policy and lower petrol prices and its not really a surprise, 
  and we will be ready to overdebt and buy em aswell . 
  mediterranean formed 5.5 mil years ago , dont get confused with the black sea . 
  but does it have a twin buried on the moon ? 
  in all seriousness this is an amazing discovery . 
  for a 10.000 old monolith it looks incredible craftwork . 
  another inspiring graph for us ... so depressing . 
  til australia doesnt belong to oceania but to asia . 
  as much european as the balkans ? 
  what does that even mean , is there even someone that argues balkans arent part of europe ? 
  turkey has obviously a european touch both culurally but even geography wise . 
  its more complicated than that , if the communists were allowed to participate in the coming elections as a legal party , they would most defintely not get a big % but civil war might have been avoided . 
  its a touchy subject , but both sides were at wrong , and british pressure didnt improve the situation ( especially when pardoning nazi-collaborators and placing em on special units ), 
  ha papantoniou ... last i heard he was in pakistan teaching . 
  ( and of course avoided appearing on the equipments-corruption trial ), 
  one of my most fond comic memories , was running as a monthly episodic form on a greek magazine . 
  i end up buying the french edition tomes when i went to france . 
  lets see if besson can portray that dynamic duo without falling to hollywood cliches . 
  and i would have gotten away with it too , if it were n't for you meddling kids, 
  the eleusinian mysteries are a secret organisation dedicated to win european sport events . 
  jet fuel cant melt parthenon marble , the 1687 explosion was an inside job and all that jazz . 
  karmawhoring is one explanation , i personally believe they try to get clicks to that specific site . 
  the other guy had no comments posted for years and suddenly 4 pages of posts from econotimes . 
  its an efficient way to get movement to various outlets but its strongly forbidden under reddit . 
  that is true but the strange thing is that after multiple mergers and capitalizations , 2 of the 4 main banks still hold very large assets and subsidiary banks on balkans and turkey . 
  i feel the price on nbg and piraios is grossly undervalued . 
  something about an iberian conspiracy , goat sacrifices and planet alignment . 
  the banking sector is getting hit hard as expected . 
  to think that most bank shares go for 0.10 to 0.8 when a few years ago nbg share was at 40 euros . 
  its more about the message of the olympics , city states would stop all hostilities . 
  it was a big celebration of peace and unity . 
  when i see military helicopters , my mind doesnt exactly go to peace . 
  and another post from the same source ... there is 2 people here , you and another , that constanly post from the same source . 
  i asked you the same on r/greece , do you work on this site ? 
  but your source doesnt say that it isnt . 
  is it me or this website is terrible , design wise ? 
  we have been called a lot of things , but birthplace of jesus ? 
  ( unless the context if birthplace of christianity/church ) interesting to say the least . 
  hmm i see a trend of thinking with your stomach . 
  but the same declaration laws also exist for us flights if i am not mistaken . 
  if the law says you cant move more than 10000 euros , then thats the law . 
  he should know better . 
  422.000 dollars ? 
  rightfully seized . 
  why would you carry close to half a million around ? 
  the last thing we need is turkey in civil war . 
  the region is pretty unstable , the sultan may has his plan , but he wont risk civil war . 
  rejoice , for another year we are no1 . 
  ( and those values are on march , pre capital controls ), 
  yeah sorry , debit and credit, 
  i have noticed that you and another guy tend to post more than 60 % from that source . 
  be carefull you are trending dangerously on the shadowban territory . 
  yeah but i live in athens and is still as expensive . 
  a good explanation is of course economies of scale . 
  we simply dont produce that much milk , efficiently and organized . 
  wow , here the milk is around 1 euro . 
  our fucking prices ... cost of living in greece is insane . 
  or just use internal banking electronic transactions ... we need to learn that e-banking exists and using our visa/credit cards isnt an abnormality . 
  and then you wont have missed vat payments or tax avoidance . 
  out of curiosity , how much does milk costs in germany ? 
  a great effort but sadly you will see many people complain that solar panels or wind turbines disturb the natural beauty of the landscape ( maybe thats true on many islands ) . 
  i hope they have searched the bureaucratic aspect aswell , we are notorious for being ineffective , it could take months/years to get permits . 
  its completely unbelievable that germany relies so hugely on solar power , while us with far more sunny days per year , are decades behind on development of renewable sources of energy . 
  not sure how it will create new jobs but whatever . 
  also i personally hate greenpeace as an organisation . 
  the problem is that those providers freely share the private information stored to their servers . 
  from nsa to advertising companies ( but its in the eula you will say ) , exactly why you should always have the option to not use your real information . 
  anonymity on the internet should be a right . 
  i had an account with a fake nickname , havent opened facebook in almost 6 years though , so no idea when they changed the tos . 
  i didnt even know that facebook didnt allow fake names anymore . 
  if someone is willing to have his rl information for free on the internet is one thing , but to not allow others anonymity is an entire new field . 
  it was a waste of time , 12 months with very little actual training ... but i understand why it is necesarry . 
  we dont really have the money to maintain a full professional force , and we live on a strategic location . 
  i wish we would spend more smartly ( being no3 on 2009 on nato % gdp defense spending ) and have less corruption but thats another talk . 
  at least it will grow , our gdp will most likely drop again . 
  you mean on the right of the picture ?
