  it looks like an airplane trail but i imagine its some sort of cloud or filter . 
  remember that for a water route both ends must connect to the sea level or use like panama , a lake/river system and elevators to offset the different heights . 
  as for where it would pass , if the whole point is to avoid using bosporus , you have to make it via greek/bulgarian lands . 
  evros although a large river , wouldnt be suitable at its current state to serve as a canal , it would a momumental work to enlarge it . 
  the whole shape would be something from burgas moving south-west unti meeting the greek border and then heading full south via evros and ending at alexandropolis . 
  in between you have a very difficult terrain , mostly mountainous . 
  place de la concorde . 
  222 years since it was last used for a certain citizen but we i am sure with some oil we can get her up and running in no time . 
  there is no possible channel location around , unless you start a trillion project to make the danube accesible via a huge canal that crosses greek and bulgarian mountains ? 
  panama would be a piece of cake in comparison . 
  doesnt worth the money . 
  it has affected numbers though . 
  paris is one of the most visited places in earth tourist wise . 
  if it were closer to city centre ( and more importantly , into metro-rer range ) it would had far more day visitors . 
  now it forces people to dedicate 2 days just for disneyland ( by staying in hotels inside the park ) , many parents might have preferred staying the day on the park and doing night sightseeing on paris centre . 
  haloumi is amazing cheese , possibly one of the best variants to be used as grilled ( saganaki like ) . 
  a great step for both sides , it seems the cyprus mess will be finally be resolved peacefully in the next decade . 
  i am pretty sure charlemagne isnt considered a nazi symbol . 
  sauerkraut mbt . 
  i am sure most people know charlemagne as the great leader of the frankish empire and not a ww2 french ss unit . 
  seriously how are you still not shadowbanned , 95 % of your posts are from the same source . 
  ww3 occupation map leaked early . 
  strength through unity, 
  and that ensures employee efficiency , productivity and loyalty . 
  very good move . 
  thats some quantum logic conclusion right here . 
  the thing is 2 of the banks are not in that bad state at all ( piraios and ethniki ) , both have more than 100 billion in assets and several subsidiaries in balkans and turkey . 
  its the strain of constant withdrawls that puts the pressure on them . 
  i posted it elsewhere , especially on the agriculture sector , the employers will almost always prefer to hire a cheap/uninsured immigrant than a greek . 
  so even if someone is willing , they wont find job that easy . 
  also our farmers are terrible , taking money from eu , never modernizing , drinking ouzo , cultivating lol cotton and burrying peaches . 
  the problem is , even if someone is willing to work there , he wont get employed because its cheaper to have uninsured exploited like slaves immigrants to do it . 
  you do realize zoe is borderline crazy ? 
  she has abused her role as president of parliament to wage an internal war of opposition and is maybe the most hated president of the parliament in the last 40 years ? 
  the same house that was rented via air bnb with no tax paid ? 
  as for the rest of your post , honestly , it was a historic vote , he should have been there , it was an insult to us , the simple citizens . 
  thats it no more , ( also there was apparently a mariage of a cousin ) . 
  he could have left to aegina early in the morning and nobody would bat an eye . 
  yes we were pissed that he went to aegina , but its not a luxury resort , more like a quick getaway ( then again his house there is 5 star luxurious , so nevermind ), 
  but didnt microsoft essentially dismantled almost all nokia ? 
  but isnt nokia closed ? 
  i am confused . 
  i am impressed someone even spend money on making that fanfiction website . 
  o well it will get some infringement issues most likely from a certain british author but also european commision for labeling em as sponsor . 
  on the onion scale i give it 4/12 . 
  they barely reigned for 100 years . 
  force all payments above 50 euro to be done via credit card . 
  also make a single vat at 14-15 % a modest estimation on yearly vat loss is at 7.5 billion per year income lost , just from missed vat payments . 
  ( that figure is from full blown crisis and 30 % gdp loss , pre crisis it could be on the 10 billion per year mark ) . 
  there are no excuses no more , older people in other countries can use credit cards and due to capital controls most of our elders had to learn aswell . 
  oilcheese ( \u03bb\u03b1\u03b4\u03bf\u03c4\u03cd\u03c1\u03b9 ) but not from lesbos but from antiparos , i cant find that cheese anywhere in athens . 
  man that cheese was spicy and great for both eating alone and in synergy with pasta . 
  helping paok and its owner savvidis to pay a reduced fee owned for taxes . 
  per day ? 
  anyway as for not being part of interests , syriza had no issues bailing a northern greece football team and its owner . 
  at least they seem to be less corrupt so far ( just a few people hired that were husbands/friends compared to the party of the previous 30 years ) lets see if finally those that tax evaded and benefited from corruption will pay , instead of the average citizen keep paying increasing taxes / . 
  half the news would be useless submissions then . 
  its a confirmed incident , thats it , no more , no less . 
  its not like the news said that bulgaria is the new north korea . 
  i found it funny . 
  unfortunately , almost every far-right party in europe has that issue . 
  knock on wood . 
  le pen has no issue taking money from rich foreigners though . 
  its arson , and it happens every year on the high wind summer season , its impossible to have several fires start at the same time . 
  also many citizens claim they heard explosions right about the time of the fire start . 
  i just saw a video of a helicopter in laconia barely escaping from going down ... this is crazy . 
  but the law has changed exactly to avoid that , the last years of fires has no point . 
  you are correct , but i can never understand the fires on ymitos , we keep replanting and reforesting the burned trees and every year , some maniacs , psychos wait for high winds and do this . 
  on lands that will never be reclaimed for building , its outright crazy . 
  i am willing and maybe the average greek will also be now , tax after tax , maybe the time for a change on the church is finally here . 
  a solution would have been to touch or simply tax the church property , but no , we are conservative as fuck when it comes to that matter ( church has around 2-3 % of all land on greece ) . 
  growing our own food ? 
  where lol , on my balcony ? 
  the vast majority of greeks live on urban centers , and since greece is mostly mountainous , there isnt enough land to turn everyone into potato farmers . 
  i dont know what a day old account has in his mind . 
  i think you insult the reasons why this was written by comparing it to today . 
  can we do it aswell ? 
  we have production , we are a popular tourist destination . 
  we kinda need some income ( some minor bankrupcy looming on our heads ) . 
  then again we are conservative as fuck , we dont even tax the church . 
  k never mind , good for you italy . 
  wow , generalize much ? 
  so from my view , i am a salary man , its impossible for me to tax evade , but hur dur lets brand all greeks lazy , tax evading arses . 
  i recongnise my fault for voting succesive idiots as governments , i recognise my fault for not calling the police each time an asshole doesnt give me a reciept . 
  thats it , in the end , will continue to pay my taxes , hoping to keep my work . 
  this is our fault for being in this mess , but what many greeks are saying that the whole plan to get out of this mess wasnt properly laid down , so we also put a blame on the creditors for not having a solid plan . 
  again no greek will say that evil eu is the reason we are on this mess . 
  the 2014 growth was miniscule if you consider the 30 % gdp loss in 5 years . 
  unemployment was going down really , really slow , it would take centuries to make a difference . 
  the surplus was achieved by essentially stop paying internal suppliers or delaying payments to the max . 
  things were going better but not as good as you think . 
  no matter what the controls will remain for a long time , once you open the capital control door , its very hard to close it back . 
  in essence the average citizen doesnt have any faith on the banking system , if the capital controls were to be lifted next week for instance , you would see 100 % a bank run . 
  it will take time to re-establish faith to the system , a gradual opening for the banks to operate for transactions that arent possible via web-banking and atm is necessary for the market to un-freeze . 
  the most important aspect is for import-export companies to be allowed access to their capital and funds . 
  remember that greece runs a trade-deficit heavy economy . 
  we might produce eggs/chicken meat for instance , but we lack the food to feed em or the hard paper required for packaging . 
  very few products are produced in greece with no need of external imports for some stage of the production chain . 
  you are now banned from r/chiangkaishek, 
  the palaiologos cyborgs are ready .
