  the best part is that you can do it even now . 
  i dont know about other countries but in greece because there was initially some legal issues , there exist 2-3 different timestamps of the same street . 
  so you can visually see changes from the 2009-2012-2015 timestamps . 
  you can see an old building has been demolished and replaced by a modern apartment , you can see an otherwise wealthy store in 2009 to either have closed completely or changed altogether . 
  you should have included averof . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_cruiser_georgios_averof although a museum ship , its still somewhat by a huge stretch of imagination in active service . 
  ( i am joking , , still a cool ship and possibly the last armoured cruiser in existence ) although some of the information is innacurate ( zubr status and myconios ) its a pretty nice infographic . 
  and again you have no idea what you speak of , greece primary exports by a margin of several billions are petrol/products . 
  in essence we import crude , refine it for our needs and export whats left , the problem is that because we run an almost 10-16 billion deficit on importing crude , drachma would have to be devalued to extreme levels . 
  so if the primary exports of greece were olive oil and cheese , you would be right , a devalued drachma would benefit us . 
  lets not get far , we arent even self-sufficient in primary products , from corn to wheat and potatoes , we import everything . 
  on top of all that , greek heavy industry is non-existant and creating new businesses of any kind is met with either fierce local resistance or one of the slowest worldwide bureaucratic procedures . 
  growth always comes if you can attract businesses to invest in your country , thats what creates jobs and wealth , nobody wants to invest in greece as long as the procedure is so difficult , ( apart from the fact that almost all major corporations in greece have long moved their hq to either neighbouring countries or tax heavens , and have no reason to ever return ), 
  the problem is you have no guarantee that will happen . 
  the way the greek import/export economy is structured ( with a gigantic trade deficit ) is a suicide to switch to drachma . 
  even if you exclude that , the basic issues the greek state faces like tax evasion , archaic and bureaucratic functions wont go away if you switch to a national currency . 
  imagine the millions of greeks that have loans in euros suddenly will get paid in devalued drachmas and their buying power will only get worse month after month of inflation . 
  our current government has proved inefficient and amateur on every level , i dont expect em to manage the transition to a national curreny with any greater skill . 
  if you want to argue if greece should have entered the eurozone , then by all means perhaps it was a mistake , but leaving the euro is a whole other of exceptional dangerous territory . 
  the example of argentina that struggled for almost a decade is not even applicable since argentina has a huge trade surplus in contrast to greece . 
  and before you say eu is giving funds , eu has approved aproximately 450 mil euros but to be used until 2020 . 
  meanwhile the cost for 2016 is expected to exceed 750mil . 
  apparently we have a 90 day no visa requirement tourist deal with almost all major countries outside of eu ( except china ) that can visit greece . 
  i think the italian/greek ferry connection might be affected ( as the only schengen border/route we have ) . 
  it could potentially affect our tourism ( many tourists visit multiple eu countries and prefer to have a visa for all , but not really sure what the exact framework is there ) in greece many people seem to confuse shengen with eu member states free movement . 
  now if bulgaria and romania were in shengen , then yes that would have been a far greater issue . 
  although a potential issue is that an exclusion from shengen can be the start of other nastier measures ( restrictions for greek citizens travelling within eu ) . 
  such idiots , especially since it was right after the paris attacks . 
  ( and from all places , an airport ) they entirely deserve their punishment . 
  in time we will see if this will turn into an excellent privatisation like it has happened with piraeus port cosco management ( an almost 10 fold increase on profits for the greek state and a huge invetsment aswell as increase of jobs/wages ) or a sellout like opap ( opap is the second most profitable company in greece and was sold for a severely low figure ) . 
  i hope its not the latter . 
  then again mykonos has on average 45 % tax evasion . 
  you mean that the increased need in electrical power will even out the benefits from not using petrol as a fuel source on cars ? 
  you are absolutely correct that rushing isnt the answer but a 35 year plan seems very conservative with the current technological innovations . 
  especially since high performance electric engines seem to evolve at a rapid pace . 
  the old argument that electric cars cant compete with fossil fuel engines at high speed and high distances seem to lose ground every year that passes . 
  in fact i find the 2050 date exceptionally conservative , at the current technological speed a 2025-2030 window seems more appropriate . 
  the company is rumored to have recieved close to 450.000 euros to organise this ( and according always to rumours , a similar sum will be needed for a new attempt ) . 
  all that while nd is virtually bankrupt as a party , having millions upon millions in debts and according to some rumours even delaying payments on their hq building rents . 
  that company has taken commisions in the past , even working to provide security for the electronic infrastructure on the prime minister office when samaras was pm . 
  ( judging by their performance , i am sure they did great / s ), 
  perhaps this approach is whats needed . 
  surgical operations by smaller but better equiped units in contrast to all out total war . 
  if it has shown it can work on the african theater of operations then perhaps it will work against daesh . 
  however we must never forget libya ( which france had a huge part ) and what mess its now . 
  my main concern is , ok you beat daesh , now what ? 
  how is stability gon na return to the region ? 
  forgime my ignorance , but does uk even have aircraft carriers yet ? 
  ( i thought the new ones were due for 2016 ), 
  thats the potato clause . 
  we should compare ireland and latvia to be sure . 
  i thought the pensions at 16 would hint i was sarcastic , but i guess not for everyone . 
  omonoia is downtown aleppo and there is daily riots . 
  also we all take pensions at 16 . 
  you should remember that some of these microstates were on the verge of bankrupcy . 
  monaco was on the verge of bankrupcy but first with the casino and then with their tax policies they emerged on the 20t century exceptionally wealthy . 
  liechtenstein is a different case , apart the fact their princes have been exceptionally rich ( the richest royals i think in the world ) , they had some industry like ceramics and strangely false teeth , before becoming a financial centre aswell . 
  also there are microstates that arent so wealthy , look at san marino or even andora , so being small isnt always a rule for being a wealthy nation . 
  its not so much the winter , as the rougher aegean is gon na get and you should know that aegean gets messy fast . 
  especially on the overcrowded rusty bathtubs the migrants come in . 
  easy there leopold . 
  the distances between turkey and greek islands might seem small , but aegean can be a very tricky sea with sudden weather changes . 
  especially now that we are getting closer to winter , seas will be rougher and in combination with the rusty overcrowded boats used , things will only get worse . 
  thats a serious insult , not the bankrupt part , but even a hint that this man can be greek . 
  please . 
  its actually a bridge connecting to sicily it seems . 
  and then someone brings the dusty old blueprints about the gibraltar dam and atlantropa and before long we are flooding the qattara depression . 
  and this is how is starts , first a bus and in 2 years we will be fighting terminators in downtown athens while enduring the nuclear winter . 
  what is the population involved though , a big portion of that map is very lightly populated compared to the eu . 
  you seem to be forgetting the billions that microsoft paid in anti-trust fines over the years . 
  or google war on france , or apple patent denies , i dont claim that these companies are facing a war similar to uber but they still abide to the local laws . 
  things will only get worse , the closer we get to winter . 
  the distances might seem small but overcrowded small , often old boats , on a sea that can occasionally become really dangerous , is a constant recipe for disaster . 
  i dont understand why uber can be above the law , if they are found to be breaking the law , they should be punished accordingly . 
  if the dutch law , requires a taxi service driver to have a licence and follow specific tax rules , then uber should aswell . 
  i dont understand why doesnt uber follow taxibeat example for instance , taxibeat uses a mobile platform to offer a taxi service by taxi linenced drivers that has seen great success here in greece for instance . 
  i dont know about the dutch and the non-permament seats but i have said it before , the permament members need to be increased . 
  you could add to the original 5 nuclear powers , a couple more states that have risen to regional powers and are having more say in international matters ( maybe india and brazil ), 
  the fact that even the ambassador had no idea this was happening within his own embassy is incredible . 
  ( then again the cia station in athens had always a sensitive role due to proximity to middle-east ) i am actually surprised this case has actually moved forward , it was a big scandal when it hit almost 10 years ago ( some were calling it the greekgate ) but in the last years it had almost vanished from media coverage . 
  its really interesting that us and romania kept the old roman name while almost the entire world adapted to the later german 10th century name . 
  now i am curious how was switzerland called in the 6th or 7th century by the franks or the saxons , were they using the roman name or had the root of the 10th century german word in some variation . 
  i suppose it uses the 110 strong swiss guard as a metric on a policing unit inside the vatican city ( which has 1000 population ) edit : nvm , there is actually a specific police unit for vatican , the corps of gendarmerie with 130 members, 
  that was a great documentary to my surprise , though i think the santorini theory is more logical . 
  dont ask for puerto rico , their economy is as bad as ours , us might actually give it to us . 
  ( unless this is a ploy for the greece of 2 continents , 3 seas and an ocean ? ), 
  the thumbnail image made me think of spaceballs . 
  the day after tomorrow obviously . 
  think of the economy , a landroute that connects eurasia to north america ? 
  just need a couple bridges between canada and greenland and boom the atlantic autoroute will become the no1 traffic artery in the world . 
  in that hypothetical scenario , it would be ok not to extradite him if greece could torture him or put him on death penalty . 
  thats the main issue we are having , if there is even a slim chance that this 8 might be tortured ( not unlike after the pictures with the captured officers obviously beaten ) or put into the death penalty its illegal for us to extradite them . 
  i dont like skai , but its not obscure , its one of the largest private news channels . 
  i must be crazy but didnt the simple redditors at the live thread able to follow erdogan plane through the whole night without any incidents ? 
  if people using flightradar on their mobiles can track the plane , i doubt a military plane will have issues doing aswell, 
  at the pace things are unfolding , i wouldnt be surprised if '' re-education '' camps will open in anatolia , to preserve the ideals and values of the neo-ottoman sultanate . 
  well you know , janissaries , proclamation of the sultanate , moving the capital back to istanbul , re-opening topkapi . 
  waking every morning to news like this . 
  i feel like we are watching a dictator 101 list getting its bullet points ticked with precision and method , sans the gulags ( yet ), 
  if you think the average greek has any delusions of reforming byzantium you are deeply mistaken ( aside from our fascists ) .
