  they have handled the situation with a lot of amateur mistakes and arrogance , people dont forget , but also people dont forget the previous corrupt parties . 
  i would assume that it would be a very tight electoral result with coalitions required again for a stable government . 
  the idea is that the law will pass first , so the danger of default/grexit etc passes , and then the government could fall and new elections proclaimed , but the deal would have passed and the situation while still tense will not be on the edge of the abyss . 
  i hope so . 
  half of it maybe , but the opposition is ready to vote on it , so it would pass from the parliament but could lead on new elections . 
  well i thought the shitstorm would end with that terrible deal but nontheless a deal , i was wrong . 
  true but branding a whole nation antisemitic based on a very strangely and biased index or from the actions of few really stupid people is a bit extreme . 
  no offense but some of the questions that brand a country as antisemetic arent exactly fair , for instance question no1 , no7 arent off the scope of fantasy , but the important ones that would indicate clear hate like no10 we see a 38 % in contrast to the rest . 
  arent you the russian troll that thinks stalin didnt order the deaths of millions or katyn ? 
  remembering the good old days of scandals and corruption as mayor of paris . 
  although this act of vandalism is a grave and stupid act , to claim we are the most antesemetic country on europe goes too far . 
  especially considering how many jews were saved on ww2 and the general stance of the populace on protecting em , or even the deep loss of the thessalonica jews , which consisted 1/3 of the city population back then . 
  no , not that , the fact that fage , a greek corporation with large profits , a huge slice of the international market , decided to move to a tax heaven to avoid paying taxes to the country its existence it owes . 
  also reminder that fage is private company , so philipou doesnt have a shareholder crowd demanding to maximize profits and reduce spending . 
  dont remind me fage , they control a huge part of the global greek yogurt market ( especially in the us , they even built a factory to accomodate the demand ) , unpatriotic , unethical but still unofortunately legal . 
  lets hope we see more of this ( and some ethical name shaming for greek corporations that moved their corporate seats on tax heavens wouldnt be bad aswell ), 
  there are some interesting scenarios ahead of us but the certain thing is that the law for the deal will be voted by the parliament majority . 
  scenario a ) tsipras instil party discipline and the deal passes with maybe 1-2 objections from his party but with general support nontheless . 
  scenario b ) tsipras convinces his party but not his partner in government kamenos and his independent greeks party , the deal will pass from the opposition votes but will shake the majority for the government in the future . 
  scenario c ) the left platform lead full blown rebellion and 40 mp dont vote in favor , the deal will still pass though the opposition ( nd/pasok/potami ) but the government is essentially on the brink of new elections if they cant keep party cohesion and open to a vote of non-confidence . 
  the downvotes are for orthodox countries that give it the same value aswell . 
  it makes for a convienent family tree design though , unless we have multiple children , we have to improvise then . 
  not really , we celebrate it in greece as well , and in many other orthodox countries it seems . 
  if a country with almost 4 times less population and almost 5 times less land mass can produce enough to cover greek needs it would be a modern miracle of economics . 
  only stupid romantics want a city which has less than 2000 greeks remaining , back , to take the city back would mean war , and we have already passed through a similar phase in 21 ' with deep consequences for us . 
  so no , whats done is done , we can always play with the turks on the name of the city but to take the city back ? 
  that age has passed , and no silly prophecies or neo extreme nationalism will bring it back . 
  til istanbul declared independence and is now a city state . 
  apart from the fact that you have no idea how an economy works , think for a second , who is the biggest economy on the balkans ? 
  yeah us , who has the largest investments in the balkans ? 
  yeah greece , so if we collapse , romania , bulgaria , fyrom will be in serious shit aswell . 
  but yeah revenge economics 101 by szkwarek , please dont follow a career on the financial sector . 
  you generalize , and also cutting 70 % wages and pensions in our cost of living ( i know you arent an economist but you are at least smart enough to understand that the price of goods in greece is vastly higher here than on bulgaria or on the ex-communist countries ) would mean simply collapse of the economy . 
  unless we also have a 70 % deflation , which is not gon na happen , but hur dur i ar an economist , cut pensions . 
  the truth is simple , apollo missions were a ruse by usa and greece to built a secret base and scheme world domination . 
  but someone had to laundry the funds necessary , so greece took the bullet and overdebt itself so that the construction would continue unnoticed . 
  why do you think that greece has a space program ? 
  the usa embassy in athens is actually the tip of a giant underground research facility built during the so called metro expansions . 
  but wait there is more , the 1687 parthenon explosion was in fact an inside job , jet fuel cant melt parthenon marble . 
  dont generalize , also the 50 % cut mostly affected greek banks/pension holders and private investors . 
  most of us here aknoweledge our faults but also getting pissed at generalizations of the bild mentality and plain people that just hate greece like masquechatice below . 
  i have no idea what the source uses for the 6.14 euros per second , possibly it disregardes installments payments and instead calculates a value based on a budget absolute income per second . 
  so greece income per second-greece internal expenses = whats left is used to repay the debt per second . 
  half a million per day , around 200mil per year , at 317 billion debt , it would take us 1585 years to repay . 
  i dont think you realize how tough life is on winter on the islands ( also reminder greece isnt on tropics , winters are rough , not sweden rough , but still rough ), 
  i swear the title was different . 
  the problem is that greece for instance cant simply handle the tens of thousands of migrants/refugees and if we start stopping the boats we will be violating eu/un treaties . 
  11th century . 
  and thats a huge discussion which as a greek i would be stepping into a huge minefield . 
  well geographically speaking they are , and their largest city is also on european soil . 
  it was imf that didnt agree on the military cuts , not germany . 
  also germany buthurt about ww2 ? 
  what are they , 10 year olds ? 
  `` failure to reach an agreement would , on the contrary , mark the beginning of a painful course that would lead initially to a greek default and ultimately to the country 's exit from the euro area and -- most likely -- from the european union , '' the bank said in a statement wednesday . 
  clickbaiting, 
  but most of those migrants want to go to said northern states , so it is a collective problem . 
  whats with german corporations and greek corruption ? 
  first siemens costing us around 15 billion , now bayer . 
  it is spoken in a small gaul village in armorica ( brittany ) , its inhabitants have resisted the roman occupation using a secret magic potion . 
  as a result 4 roman forts were erected to guard and ever remain vigilant to occupy the stubborn little village . 
  i am sure you know much better as you live there , but the dutch people i have met in greece speak along with the nordic countries the most perfect english , both accent wise and vocabulary wise . 
  glory to the baguette guild , protect the wine and the cheese . 
  i hope the satelite cascade destruction doesnt happen or we risk being trapped on earth we how much clutter we put up there . 
  how come , i am more surprised with uk , considering that by 1945 the manpower was reduced immensely after 6 years of constant warfare ( though its possible this stat isnt calculated based on the british empire total population ) . 
  france although had a huge resistance movement , didnt lose a lot of troops in the initial fighting or on the free french units throughout the war . 
  also in france the jew survival rate was at 75 % . 
  i wont argue on how bad the exploitation of our only 2 major plains are ( we are mostly mountainous ) , but you cant just deflate the whole economy . 
  i have no idea what you mean by oil , do you mean crude ? 
  because we are running a serious trade deficit there and our extractions is miniscule to imports . 
  our farmers are some of the most idiotic people alive , wasted money and resources cultivating worthless stuff most of the time . 
  i understand why you feel angry on your country paying for us staying afloat and if you had look my posts you would know that i am a stern believer in staying in eurozone , paying our debts . 
  i have said many times that we should cut on military spending ( that was the proposal that imf torpedoed btw ) instead of the already lowered pensions . 
  and whats the cost of living in estonia ? 
  i bet signifant lower than in greece , if you can live with estonia minimum wage in greece , by all means go for it , dont compare uneven situations , and i have posted multiple times of greece fundamental issues . 
  we never stopped paying our debts , acting responsibly on elections , whats thats supposed to mean , vote the previous corrupt governments or not vote the current amateur ones . 
  most people in greece want to stay in euro no matter the measures ( most polls say that anyway ) , so they are willing to accept 1 if it comes down to it . 
  o i wont disagree , i just feel we enter a new age of uncertainty . 
  as my mother is from nantes its extremely sad to see this amazing arhitecture church on fire , i hope the firefighters will manage to contain the fire damage . 
  well they are in correlation with the cost of living ... ( and stop playing that pension broken tape , they have been reduced more than 40 % while the gdp drop 30 % ), 
  well lets hope it stays that way , a potential ww3 or nuclear war would amount to billions dead . 
  i dont think anyone doubts that greece is in crisis is almost entirely our fault , now how we handled that crisis since 2010 , i think both greece and creditors made errors . 
  you have no idea how greek economy works do you ? 
  default and devaluation , and you base that on what ? 
  if you have taken a minute to search the actual greek export/import figures you would know that leaving euro is almost equal to suicide , but hur dur reddit economists , devaluate go to drachma . 
  banks are kept afloat through ecb , a default would lead to a bank run almost 100 % , capital controls would only stave the inevitable . 
  exports/imports , greece highest exports are refined petroleum products , with a 8billion deficit on crude oil imports , internal industry mostly non-existant , huge imports for almost anything . 
  capital doesnt exist to create an interior industry to cover internal needs nor anyone would be willing to invest on a post-euro greece . 
  even if we become no1 tourist destination in the world , the economy would still be in chaos . 
  armchair economists . 
  i dont know man , ukraine , middle east , granted it isnt ww2 yet , but tensions are rising . 
  i dont know really , a nuclear state falling into anarchy again could lead from civil wars to a nuclear fallout . 
  ( we humans arent exactly rational beings lately ), 
  i am curious btw , whats the cost of production in alloys for the 1c and 2c coins . 
  terrible article . 
  greece economy is 3/4 domestic ? 
  what economic data did the author used , because last time i checked we run a heavy trade deficit economy with highly dependant on euro imports . 
  not to mention that most banks only have sufficient liquidity through the ecb , does the author believe that if we default , ecb will continue to inject money on greek banks ? 
  i am sure the figure means what it costs tax wise per capita . 
  edit , i am kinda confused what the second 300 euroes figure mean , also sorry if i mislead baguette but you dont get tax deduct for being in the army , i thought you meant if they have to pay 300 euros to the state , like a support tax but thats not the case . 
  essentially if you were insured for lets say 10 years on one pension fund and 30 on another ( we had ten + different pension funds for different professions/sectors ) you will get far less money than lets say being insured for 40 years on one pension ( so the money on multiple pensions is really bad ) .
