  take control of the currency and do what , our export economy is based on a trade deficit ( exporting refined oil products , importing raw oil for domestic use ) . 
  we have no major heavy industry or manufacturing sector . 
  so you will have exceptionally expensive imports that domestic production cant simply compete because it doesnt exist , you want to establish said industry you require capital , and good luck investing in greece on current climat . 
  hard currency from tourism income will not be enough to offset the mess you have on the core of the economy . 
  there is no easy solution here , its no like flipping a switch and saying , yay we are on drachma now , k then what ? 
  i dont think syriza position is to be handed money uncoditionally but they dont help the situation with some of their actions . 
  the rehiring of the public television employees has left a sour taste to many greeks ( considering the bigger issues atm ) . 
  as for making efforts , it seems to there is a bigger focus on improving the tax collection that before ( but i am not sure if its actual effort of improvement or a last grab to fill the treasury before the dreaded june deadline ) . 
  and the average greek citizen isnt so easy to fool anymore , so pinning all evils to some global and european conspirancy wont work to easily . 
  i think archbishop damaskinos famous reply to the german authorities and the island of zakynthos jew entire population surviving showed that we tried to save as many as possible . 
  which is sad considering how many jews as a % of our ww2 population perished ( just thessalonica jews constituted 1/3 of the city 's population ), 
  a stroll through reddit is enough to see that , after the 100th lazy greeks , pay debts , gif island comments , you kinda learn to ignore it . 
  forgive our misconceptions , sensational media tends to overblow certain ( all ) news . 
  if you would listen to some pieces some years ago , you would think that belgium was ready to be split between france , netherlands , some luxenburg and have a city-state in the middle as brussels . 
  wow you certainly touched a nostalgia lane here , i remember this series very well , especially the human body variant . 
  i mean you dont really project a unified voice to the outside world . 
  wasnt it a few years ago that you couldnt elect a government for months ? 
  ( and god even with a vacant government , your country runs light years ahead better than half our governments combined ), 
  they recieved 36 % of the people that voted , turnout has nothing to do here with their approval ( though 64 % turnout is kinda low for a general election but whatever ) . 
  its because of our stupid and archaic electoral system that someone with 36 % can form a government . 
  honestly actual negociation seems to have happened only this last month before the impending doom . 
  i doubt anyone on the upper echelons of fifa isnt corrupt . 
  lets see if blatter will all of the sudden have various health issues . 
  i too speak the england very best . 
  oh what a day , what a lovely day !, 
  either that or mass pressure from uefa , they did threaten to boycott the 2018 wc afterall . 
  well we have submarines that cant stay level and tanks that have only 1200 shells but at least we dont have broomsticks , so we got that going for us . 
  for our country size the army is in pretty good state ( i would argue too good of state , with the overspending we were doing ), 
  it was the largest trade empire , spain was in deep decline after the napoleonic wars , netherlands was nearly destroyed and portugal court relocated to brazil in all but name untill the hostilities were over . 
  in contrast , although britain suffered a big loss with the us indepedence and subsquent loss of 13 very profitable colonies . 
  gb was making advances on all continents , south africa , the company major advancement in india , british malay , founding of trade ports all around the globe . 
  this abundant trade wealth and rare materials lead to an extraordinary industrial revolution . 
  yes , we are addicted to the broom man . 
  once broom you can never go back to those american 105 mm guns . 
  the problem is the local industry is nearly non-existant , our major exports are refined oil products ( essentially we import oil for domestic use and export whats left ) , with a serious deficit atm . 
  it would require a huge redevelopment of internal industry and frankly why would anyone invest the capital . 
  i dont know if its best for the eurozone , but the vast majority of greeks want to stay in , no matter the cost . 
  leopards with broomsticks tend to be ineffective . 
  hey downvoters , greek army wasnt the one that showed on the nato excercise with apc and tanks equipped with broomsticks instead of actual barrels . 
  heer is a mess atm . 
  drachma wouldnt work , we have a major trade deficit so it would be pointless for us . 
  nobody asks you to give us money for free , we havent missed a payment so far and this last year was too many payments at exceptionally close intervals with this month being the peak of doom . 
  if we manage to pay this month , the payments get normalised on the long run . 
  uk also controlled half the world and was the dominant industrial power . 
  greece neither controls half the world nor has a heavy industry worth mentioning . 
  '' learner driver 's car destroys british tank in germany '', 
  in orange we trust . 
  its a scientific fact that the un assembly in ny is actually a separate dimension on time dilation . 
  so moving such an important historical event one day forward to advance his political agenda ? 
  tbh i think thats the least of issues with erdogan , but it can create a dangerous precedent of interpreting history and making more radical changes to fit his agenda . 
  we spend more than 2 % pre crisis . 
  since we were spending more than 2 % no . 
  i am glad your 300 million spending is comparable to our 6.4 billion . 
  it was one of the contributing factors though . 
  corruption , purchase of too much equipment . 
  many times defective or non needed . 
  yeah i am so glad we been meeting that minimum , it has really helped our economy and not sent us into a spiral of debt by being the best german/usa/french and russian customer . 
  not really , the payment intervals after june and some summer payments will greatly be reduced on the 30 year scale . 
  so this year was a special case of many payments at very close periods of time . 
  boy the 3rd martian war was tough but thanks to the alpha centauri divisions we dodged a bullet . 
  i live in said country , if anyone does , i do . 
  comrade you have no idea what you talking about . 
  you know i was shocked when madoff got 150 years instead of some crazy easy way out plea deal . 
  i had a justice boner for exactly 5 years until hsbc got fined a few billion for laundering hundreds and my faith in humanity was lost again . 
  strap rockets to said giant ball of ice and sent it the sun . 
  ancylus lake was there until the waters broke through the strait . 
  honestly i dont think people are that pissed about russia hosting the world cup ( a country arguably that has an excellent football multiyear presence ) as qatar . 
  but , defending blatter leaves a sour taste . 
  the man has lead fifa into a new level of septic depths . 
  as for the arrests , if there were crimes commited on us soil and money/indivuduals that took advantage of the situation i dont see any issue on that . 
  swiss authorities worked closely on the extradiction ( and we all know switzerland to be kinda exceptionally itchy on privacy ) . 
  why mention snowden or assange , we all have condemned the issues there . 
  also the article is border cringe-worthy when it says about putin < he says it directly , plainly , confidently and well . 
  it shows why he is an extremely effective leader and politician . 
  we think he may be right , that this is going to work against the us in global opinion . 
   this last paragraph almost nullifies any valid points of a proper article . 
  he who controls the past controls the future . 
  he who controls the present controls the past . 
  also designed the first prototype computing machine that alan turing ( bombae ) used on bletsley park . 
  you see thats the problem , we as greece never had a specific military infrastrucure in mind . 
  we are primary a mountainous country and yet we have an abnormal amount of armor . 
  our navy is relative strong for our country size but we have some crazy stupid equipment there ( 3 of the world largest hovercrafts made from russia because you know we might reenact d-day on antartica ), 
  you really want to inherit belgium ? 
  you do realize the package comes with flanders unless you have planned some under the table deal with netherlands . 
  but of course the power of the waffle is strong + in case of ww3 germany wont trick you for the 3rd time . 
  a yes on the last pic you can clearly see the ruins of the old ones cities and kadath . 
  these agreements remind me when ukraine was asked to give up the nuclear arsenal it inherited in return for guarantee of no territorial changes . 
  so much fun , we are really laughing and cheering here in greece / road to recovery my ass , with what ? 
  a new currency ? 
  with a trade deficit thats pretty much a suicide for us no matter what the armchair economists of reddit will tell . 
  you forgot the printing of golden stars and 24/7 train rides . 
  you know whats shocking , i think that even putin would be better than blatter . 
  kim jong un congratulations are expected later in the evening . 
  qatar sent a fruit basket and deeds to 5 oil wells . 
  i am here to deliver , but maybe charles de gaulle ghost was a better option . 
  your post history . 
  how much are you getting ? 
  the 720 bracket or higher ? 
  maybe in 1995 yes , but most of your points are outdated exagarattions . 
  i got my passport in 48 hours for an emergency , no bribes or what not , just the usual procedure .
