the bane has been the air-bnb rentals , they are much harder to detect in contrast to regular tourist units . 
  4 year old video ? 
  claiming no jews died on 9/11 and they didnt go to work on purpose isnt exactly the message of a rational person . 
  homophobic comments , cursing tsipras and various conspiracy theories involving jews . 
  these tweets were made on a long span the last years , he deleted his account but several screenshots exist . 
  he claims his account was hacked , there is an investigation underway ( whether its even his account or not , and if it was hacked ) . 
  personally if it is his account , i dont see how he was hacked , the messages arent on a specific date but on a very large period of time and then suddenly the minute he becomes subminister , he deletes it . 
  i dont see how the 20 + % unemployment economies of greece and spain for instance can benefit from it . 
  i think that a city was near that was sacked by huns and then afterwards according to legend , the medieval/modern venice was founded on the laguna . 
  fair enough . 
  why ? 
  horse meat is perfectly fine for consumption when properly processed . 
  the issue with horse meat is when they tried to shove old horses full on drugs as proper meat or present it as veal/pork . 
  more like 6 % of the greeks that can vote ( and add close to 40 % abstention ), 
  well the issues arent on the transport side , more on the processing , fingerprinting and issuing identification papers is too much for an island the size of lesbos . 
  as for expenses , if i am not mistaken the refugees pay for their own tickets , but i could be wrong . 
  thats not really true , the larger ferries that the government has leased can support 2.000 + passengers per trip ( el.venizelos has a 2.500 capacity ), 
  the real question is , how many other car companies tempered with their test mode to gain favorable readings ? 
  i fear vw is the tip of a very disturbing iceberg . 
  there are no issues with cash on atm since even july . 
  ( especially since you go to athens and rhodes , not some 50 permanent residents island ) you wont face any issues . 
  the same shit , cc are a constant pain in the ass and their effects in some parts of the economy were really really bad . 
  on the upside it was a record tourist year ( 26 million visitors ) so at least the economy recieved a much needed boon from that . 
  it would be suicide to actually try the land border with turkey , fences , mines , highly protected area ( i believe the same is on the bulgarian borders with turkey ) . 
  the islands way is the easiest , winter or summer , the distances from turkey shores are simply too small . 
  in contrast i believe the unsc needs more permament members , the original distinction behind it ( the 5 first nuclear powers ) doesnt leave room for other major nations that have been developed since then ( india/brazil ) . 
  perhaps a rework on the veto procedures is needed more than removing the rights from one country . 
  < < a recent survey of 1,365 syrians from all 14 governorates of the country   isnt close to half of syria occupied by isis , how exactly where the people living under is participated in this poll ( and depending on the answer , the % of positive views might be not so surprising ), 
  like vikings before burning england is the obvious answer . 
  unfortunately yes , i dont believe by a larger margin than before but it will most likely make gd retain its 3rd position on the parliament ( though its gon na be a nine party parliament , thats gon na be interesting ), 
  gd numbers tend to be lower on most polls in contradiction to the actual results ( i dont know if people are ashamed to admit they vote for gd ) . 
  keep in mind though , the greek polls have lost all credibility the last year , i dont know how they fucked the science behind it or had an agenda in mind , but on the referendum , they were terribly inaccurate . 
  the problem is that you destroy one organisation and another takes its place , its a modern hydra . 
  the difference though with terrorist groups of the past , is that isis has managed to establish a state ( medieval , but nontheless a state ) , with a rather well equipped force and a huge occupied area . 
  every time the west tried to intervene ( iraq , libya ) it destabilized the situation to the point where this extreme groups apear anyway ( wasnt isis born in the abu ghraib prison for instance ) its an endless cycle of shit , with no easy solutions . 
  which is very good , the long term price deals with individual eu countries , resulted in a huge variation of gas prices , with particular higher than normal on eastern members . 
  i am curious if this move is in conjunction with the increased financial issues gazprom is currently facing , the last thing it needed was issues on the european sector ( especially after the whole russian-chinese connection has cost 10s of billions based on a 100dollar/barrel prize tag ), 
  you got ta keep in mind that most of the these small nations were rather poor before they became tax-heaven/gambling centers . 
  monaco for example was on the verge of bankcurpcy before the first casino opened . 
  time-travel . 
  this has happened before , a year ago ? 
  a ship tried to do the same route turkey-libya carrying weapons and armaments again . 
  whats staggering is the numbers , 5000 firearms and hundreds of thousands of bullets , is a bit worrying . 
  3 units are already there , tranferred from athens . 
  also police intervnenes mostly when demonstrations turn violent , that hasnt happened the last year . 
  if you think the greek army opresses the citizens , the last time you read the news about greece must have been 1973 . 
  lesbos as all the islands near turkey has high military presence including armor units , if it came to that , the response would have been exceptionally swift . 
  the last thing you want though is to turn our islands into a military ground , using the army should be the last resort . 
  they have to be documented first and then they will take a ship specifically allocated for this purpose by the government . 
  the problem is the sheer number of people , just on lesbos , the estimate is for 20.000 people , the local authorities ( police/coast guard ) are simply not enough to document them fast enough . 
  and as you understand funds arent exactly flowing atm ( and being in charge an essentially transition governement untill the elections doesnt really give much room for initiatives ) . 
  tensions seem to be getting higher day by day , extra police units has been sent on some the affected islands but the reality is that the current rate of people coming is simply too much for a country the size of greece , crisis or not crisis . 
  the attack that even the french secret service admits was a huge mistake . 
  i can never understand the logic of the man who planned and ordered this . 
  and from comments by new zealand people , it seems to be a black spot between france and new zealand . 
  isnt the prepaid tax about business and self-employed people ( \u03b5\u03bb\u03b5\u03cd\u03b8\u03b5\u03c1\u03bf\u03b9 \u03b5\u03c0\u03b1\u03b3\u03b3\u03b5\u03bb\u03bc\u03b1\u03c4\u03af\u03b5\u03c2 ) , the majority of people that are on salaries dont have to pre-pay anything . 
  i agree that its a stupid measure but thank god its not for everyone . 
  also i laugh at the drachma lovers . 
  how can greece deal with 10s of thousands new arrivals when we can barely keep our economy afloat . 
  there is so many islands in close proximity to turkey shores that policing em is already a huge task . 
  you make it sound like its an easy task to document em , have you seen what happens every day ? 
  when you have 2000 more from day to day , how can the islands local police force ( usually 10 people at most ) cope with the process ? 
  many islands , close proximity ( some are one swim away ) from turkey , lack of funds and you get the picture . 
  most of the islands that are close to turkey shores are on the red since june and things only get worse . 
  i am looking forward for the famines and mass executions . 
  its sad that greeks that have lived for thousands of years in the black sea have to leave their ancestral homes . 
  one by one , the last elements of ancient/medieval greek colonies vanish from the black sea . 
  i imagine it was more like viking style greek pirates raiding egypt ( the infamous sea people ), 
  its on the edge between the middle helladic period ( which also has the old palace period for the minoan civilization ) and the mycenean greece . 
  its incredible how advanced both civilizations were only to be followed by the greek dark ages which saw a rapid collapse of civilization and population decline until the archaic period and gradual advancement to classical greece . 
  there were attempts to bulgarize the bulgarian occupation zone during ww2 . 
  100.000 people had been expelled and bulgarian settlers were encouraged to come in . 
  while excellent as news , the other case of allegedly odysseus palace excavation site in ithaca remains abandoned from lack of funds . 
  there is the same danger for amphipolis tomb . 
  we seem to have that issue in greece , we discover something of immense historical value but take forever to properly develop it as a tourist attraction . 
  limb clinics on every corner , illuminati schemes , detroit relevant again and chip augmentations . 
  good morning mister jensen . 
  the law is a bit foggy but it seems not , whats obligatory is the light/reflection device . 
  most cyclists disregard the law , move without a helmet , ignore traffic lights . 
  the worst part is they have the smug attitude of being above all for using a bicycle . 
  the infrastructure is also non existant for the people that genuine and safely want to a use a bicycle in most cities . 
  how many times i see cyclists ignore basic traffic law or moving on the night without a single light/reflection . 
  hmm also we should add the size difference , romania is 30 % ? 
  larger than greece . 
  so in essense they have far more forests . 
  why exactly are you surprised , we are a mostly mountainous country besides the 5000 islands . 
  unfortunately summer forest fires is a yearly plague . 
  i wonder if this move is amplified by the serious gazprom financial issues . 
  from the very costly infrastructure plan to china ( spent tens of billions on a very ambitious plan on an assumption of a 100 dollar/barrel on oil ) to the serious decline of exports and oil/gas prices . 
  you know it may sound childish , but my first contact with kalevala was through don rosa scrooge mc duck adventure . 
  it was a really sureal depiction of a very unknown mythological setting ( for greece anyway ) . 
  it really struck me as very interesting when i was younger . 
  liechtenstein exports food to russia ? 
  if i remember correctly from another source , he had access to like 15 family supercars . 
  what a spoiled little shit . 
  so a combination of mulitple billion infrastructure investments made with the assumption of a high petrol price , serious decline of exports and the continuous low price levels of petrol products . 
  damn it , for years i want to visit istanbul but things like this and more severe attacks in the past , make me scared . 
  i know i would love the trip , the food , the culture and of course the history of the city , but i just dont feel safe going . 
  unfortunately with our farmers that doesnt compute , they have spent a good 30 years siphoning eu funds , buyring peaches and cultivating cotton . 
  zero modernization , many tax reductions and yet we still import even animal food .
