  i mean look at yugoslavia for a union and how that went . 
  broomstick corps assemble . 
  well when cosco took over the management of 1/2 piraeus port it has only lead into more invesments , modernization of the facilities and increase of personel . 
  if maersk intends to do the same , then by all means i see no issue . 
  the notion that all privatization are evil or firesales is arhaic to say the least . 
  lafazanis will most likely not be part of the new government , he was always on the pro-drachma lobby but he and his left platform comrades will most likely leave the government and form their own little opposition niche . 
  the legal issue is that the island was supposed to stay in the onassis family and if the family was unable to pay the maintenance cost it shouuld return to either the olympic airlines ( now defunct ) or to the state . 
  was leased from onasis family and in turn the island was supposed to stay leased within the family , there is some legal issues there . 
  add in some helium-3 exclusive mineral rights and we are game . 
  zoi konstantopoulou , the greek parliament president . 
  its unfortunately a danger , we shall see . 
  forgive my ignorance , if as it seems this is an armed robbery . 
  is primark a high cash store ? 
  from what i gather its a mostly low cost clothing shop . 
  doesnt make much sense to perform an armed robbery , unless their goal from the start was taking hostages . 
  easily , he has the support of both the opposition and the votes of most of his party . 
  which makes sense , the last hints of trust to the banking system have been evaporated . 
  if the capital controls were lifted even the most sane of our citizens would withdraw what little they have left in their saving accounts . 
  not gon na argue the rest of your points but , decadence magazine , what year is this ? 
  we also take pension at 15 and eat babies for lunch . 
  january 2015 . 
  how can i as a citizen change all these things , every politcal party so far has been corrupt or inept or plain amateur . 
  as a salary man , its impossible for me to tax evade . 
  thats the best i can do as a citizen , i pay my taxes , my loans and hope to have a job next month . 
  truth . 
  many greeks accept thats its our fault that we got into this deep mess up until the crisis hit . 
  but many greeks also feel that there is a big responsability on how the creditors handled the crisis . 
  and now add the edit you did for r/greece . 
  some originality anonymia gamoto , even if someone agreed with your points the way you respond invalidates any fairness they had because you come out as a huge douchebag . 
  since he was part of the negotiations anyway and many european ministers have said the best words as a very capable negotiator that was willing to accept many proposals . 
  - i have questions on the < preliminary debt sustainability analysis  - i am still on the < reforms for the completion of the current program and beyond  . 
  in essence the average citizen has no idea of the referendum or the measures behind it and one week is not really enough time . 
  you generalize that one kiosk is an entire nation . 
  that idiot in the kiosk will get a smart competitor that cares for his business and drive that fool out . 
  i guess me and my family are abnormal then . 
  of course the millions of salary men and women that are impossible to tax evade are also abnormal . 
  we have corruption yes , huge tax evasion yes , but to brand everyone corrupt or tax evader is plain stupid . 
  maintaining at the current level means that no more money will be pumped beyond the current level . 
  correct me if i am wrong , doesnt that mean that although the greek banks will be guaranteed by the ecb , no further funds will be transferred to cover the increased needs ? 
  if yes , i predict that the next 48 hours the banks will remain closed and some form of capital control will be implemented until the referendum at least . 
  the problem is that the referendum options arent exactly clear , instead of a clear lets say eurozone or not , the options will be if you agree or not with the creditors proposal , with the no proposal having no clear plan behind it . 
  floors , support collumns on both interior and exterior walls , inverted reinforced concrete collumns on ceilings ( forming t junctions ) . 
  in fact most modern buildings in greece combine brickwork and reinforced concrete structure to withstand potentially strong earthquakes , since we live in a highly volatile seismic area . 
  megalopoli confirmed . 
  then again , megalo xorio in tilos is also possible . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  on a 30 % unemployment market , it isnt that easy to do so . 
  employee protection is not a strong point of greece at this moment . 
  if its a disability pension i am terribly sorry if i insulted you , i was confused by your post history and thought you meant some kind of relative/survivor pension . 
  didnt we have another case a few months ago , again in spain ? 
  i find it incredible to have the medical and technological breakthroughs to make diseases vanish and then based on some stupid narrowminded imbeciles to have their child die or even worse to create pools of disease that can mutate and threaten us all . 
  a relative cool summer with lower temperatures , there you have that going for you . 
  a euro in a savings account will lose part its value when converted to drachma and subsequent devaluations could make it even worse . 
  a euro in hand is still a euro.it will be legal tender since our main industry is tourism , so no reason for black market . 
  i thought you were minimal wage it at puma ? 
  and thats one of greece many problems . 
  i understand you might be older and your hearing might have issues since you are a pensioner . 
  o man are we going to see ww2 drachma inflation bills ? 
  zimbabwe step aside , new player is here . 
  burning savings , cutting expenses to bare minimum , paying bills 2-3 months late , late payments on rents . 
  its no wonder 70 % of the mortages are on the red . 
  and scotland . 
  whats worse is that many employers might decide to delay salaries until the situation clears . 
  ( i know mine is thinking about it ), 
  yes , even on normal times . 
  many people got money out of the atm last night and i can confirm when i got some this morning , they were pristine quality ( as if they were printed last night , meaning a money transfer from the central bank must have happened in the night ) . 
  but i have not seen signs of pure panic anyway , its not like the average citizen has huge deposits anymore , but i can speculate that last night more money must have been taken out of the system than maybe the last 2 weeks . 
  maybe its too early yet ? 
  people waking up , just catching up the news now . 
  that is correct , the figures are from 40 % to 60 % reductions . 
  the higher pension possible atm at 37 years of work should be around 1800 euros if i am not mistaken . 
  correct , many people think this is an abrupt torpedoing of her own party and government , its an insult to the man who put her into this position , a general insult for the parliament and the government . 
  konstantopoulou is just a peculiar case ( bordering crazy ) , even syriza members are annoyed by her behavior . 
  in the end this so called commitee has no real power to do anything ( some can even argue that its very existence is pointless , since syriza accepted on the 20th of february the debt numbers ), 
  is juncker ok ? 
  i am surpriced that , wave energy/current exploitation plants like the ones tested on the north sea , havent been even on a pilot level , begun testing on some islands ( since there is concerns about wind turbines affecting tourism ) . 
  its a shame a country with such solar days per year and wind intensity , being so far behind on renewable resources . 
  a great deal on tilos nontheless . 
  i dont know about your media , but here syriza has all but declared war on some ( our beloved parliament president and skai ) . 
  you are correct on the water count , almost all islands in greece , especially in cyclades face water issues on the peak tourist season ( naxos being the notable exception , due to its 1000 meter mountain and strong agriculture ) . 
  but still the prices are way too high even when taking in mind the need of hauling supplies from the mainland . 
  ( and fish prices are almost astronomical , when most islands have competent fishing fleets that cover internal needs and still export to mainland ) . 
  you know whats funny , that you already pay increased prices as a tourist on certain islands , even though they supposed to have a reduced vat . 
  and while i struggle to have enough to cover the monthly expenses , mykonos still has a reduced vat while being one of the most expensive tourist destinations in the world ... madness . 
  even argentina which was a huge exporter compared to greece is still a huge mess . 
  greece has a huge trade deficit , how do you plan to offset that ? 
  we are a services economy , and even if by some miracle these 300 billion come back ( the whole reason of not coming back is exactly the drachma scenario , but anyway ) it would take huge time to build the internal economy . 
  constant devaluations and instability dont exactly make for flood of investments , what about the business that rely on intra europe trade or intra-balkan trade , by leaving the ez you are also leaving the import free zone , thats extra costs for our very few exports . 
  you are exceptionally optimistic that the core issues of the greek economy would be fixed by going to drachma ( which are obviously , ineffective state bureaucracy and a humongous tax evasion ) . 
  its a very dangerous path and i havent seen a concrete plan , your post is wishfull thinking , not actual economic predictions . 
  goind to drachma is a whole new terra incognita , we have no money for investments , internal industry in shambles , huge imports , ineffective agricultures , huge unemployment . 
  i am not sure that monetary control will be enough to offset the mess , even if we are the no1 tourist destination in the world or discover a new north sea of oil/gas reserves south of crete . 
  lets see our landborder with turkey has a pretty high border wall and extensive minefields from more turbelant times , few migrants try that route . 
  but 13,676 km of coastline kinda makes it harder on the sea front , add to that under 10km straits with turkey , understaffed coast guard , a minor economic crisis ( default minor ) . 
  but hey if that slovak minister wants to volunteer and bring his navy along ( wait what , landlocked country ? 
  rubbish , build amphibious cruisers and sent em ), 
  to put into perspective , the island population is normally around 30.000 , imagine every week 1000 people arriving . 
  add to that we are on the brink of default and economic collapse , we simply cant handle this ( also that woman speaking about benefits kinda pissed me ) , granted the basic conditions need to improve to provide some shelter and water and basic healthcare , but even that is extremely hard on the current climate . 
  syriza was voted by around 36 % of the people but on the basis of a modest negotiation always on the euro , the current polls arent really indicative of potential elections , in fact the vast majority wants a deal and no elections . 
  many people that voted for syriza might not be so inclined after 4 months of pretty much doing a very lax negotiation and only now on the last month showing signs of life .
