  and in older times due to isolation from the rest of nato allies in a potential ww3 . 
  maybe in anti gravity environment , in earth they tend to tilt , a lot . 
  ok then !, 
  you managed to trigger me :p, 
  if you had just googled what i posted , you wouldnt get so mad ... sad uneducated generation . 
  welcome to my world , 1000 tanks , just a couple plains . 
  go away brazilian colony in europe . 
  ( o god dont kill me ), 
  i think both and us and tukey have been the favorite customers for us/ger/fr equipment . 
  at one point we were spending 2.7 % ( pre crisis mind you , when our gdp had not fallen 30 % ) you sell the one 300 leopards , the other will order a new upgraded version , its like a mini armaments race ( or used to be ) , that put a strain on both economies . 
  yes but 2 out of those are the nato powerhouses in spending after us ( uk/france ) and frankly germany with only 1.2 % is 4th in spending . 
  meeting the target doesnt necessarily means that your military is better or not ( look at our overspending on crazy equipment unneeded or non functional ), 
  greece , turkey , poland , uk , france . 
  ( and i have no idea why we keep spending 2.2 on the verge of default ), 
  eastern prussia triggering instensifies . 
  i am sure if thats what cyrpus wants , we would leave the same day . 
  and yet we are still on a 40 year gridlock ( though the recent elections in northern cyprus might show that there some hope for a solution finally ), 
  and this is exactly why this mess is so hard to ever fix . 
  i mean our 1000 will leave once your 17.5 k leaves . 
  the sad truth is , they are amateurs , they went high and mighty with an attitude and instead of gathering allies , they managed to isolate us from the rest of europe . 
  they wasted 4 months and only now , on the edge of the abyss , an actual negotiation seems to be taking place . 
  if as you say , it turns out there is a hidden agenda , trust me , people arent dumb , you cant brainwash them into blaming someone else , it would sooner lead to a revolt . 
  o please dont reproduce conspiracy theories . 
  tortulho is enough on one subreddit to claim that theory or that the syriza left platform is out to get us out of eu/nato . 
  many greek people also voted syriza on the promise of a more moderate negotiation but watch the emphasis please , always within the eurozone . 
  in fact the vast majority of greeks want to stay in the euro , even if it means more unpopular measures . 
  syriza cant make a decision to leave the eurozone without either a referendum or new elections . 
  i hear the 2018 and 2022 spots might be open soon , go orange / ? 
  i mean un and pretty much all the world condemned the whole situation and almost nobody recognises the status of northern cyprus . 
  the last one was used for toilet paper in the sultan 's palace . 
  illuminati . 
  i wont argue that tax evasion isnt a huge issue and one of the main reasons we are on this mess today . 
  the average salary man of 1000-1500 euros can simply not tax evade unless he has other means of income , and you know how much pension he will get ? 
  around 1200 or less for 40 years of work . 
  thats the problem , not the amounts of the pensions , you only fix temporaly the issues by lowering pensions , you need a better tax collection and pension cut collection . 
  or bulgarians against greece . 
  ( thats how ridiculous is to quote 70 year old situations , for today ), 
  well the law as it stands is , you have a salary , you personally pay 20-25 % for your pension , your employer has to pay another 35 % for your pension . 
  furthermore that 100 % of the salary is complete bullshit , if lets say i am at a highend salary job and recieve a 3k-6k salary monthly , i would never and repeat never recieve such a high pension , instead it would be around 1700 euros max . 
  thats the highest possible pension , 1700 euros per month . 
  ( possibly even lower , these are 2013 values ) so please , search a little before posting . 
  but its not 20 % of their wages , its 25 % of your wage and another 35 % by the employer . 
  to expand on this , the pensions even the most high ones , pay very small compared to a high end salary , so 20 % of your wage , you will , never , and i mean never get even 10 % of the money you gave for 35 years of work . 
  we have conscription so not really , and we spend tens of billions on questionable , unneeded , sometimes non functional equipment ( like yay w ehave 10 % of eu tanks , and 4 of the world largest hovercrafts ), 
  and less military spending ( something else , germans/french/usa / russia , forgot to mention ), 
  i wont disagree on the slightest that if we had an effective tax collection and enforcement of labor protection we would have never been on this mess . 
  people getting fired going directly into the pension system ? 
  in what fantasy magical land of greece this happens ? 
  unless you mean the state workers , because frankly on the private sector we are lucky if a ) we are employed , b ) our employer pays us salaries and overtime c ) our employer actually pays his due to the pension account each quarter . 
  also you mention minimum age for retirement , while you were correct on the age , the actual pension was 50-70 % lower than lets say retiring at 65 , you can hardly live with just the low pension . 
  because frankly it sells , ominous greek exit and eurozone crisis and evil lazy greeks make for good headlines . 
  yes , but the article mentions 75 % , safran current 10 % + 34 % = 45 % not 75 % though a fellow redditor mentioned that airbus is also a major shareholder on most corporations so that would make sense . 
  lies , you are part of the cia and a traitor , take him away . 
  sadly ? 
  there arent enough mercenaries for large scale operations ( and most major ones prefer the easy topple the local warlord , get paid in diamonds africa turkey shot ), 
  the article doesnt seem to be very informative , a glance at wikipedia shows that arianespace has a rather complex ownership scheme . 
  both state and private companies hold stakes from many european countries , i dont see how safran will control 75 % when cnes control stake is at 34 % . 
  furthermore it gets even more complex since safran itself is controlled 30 % by the state . 
  this article seems really bad written . 
  only 35 % voted for them , but due to electoral law they can form a slight majority government . 
  and trust me , they would only get a much lower % if they didnt commit for a solution withing eurozone . 
  then i am sorry sir i cant make a logical conversation with someone who claims the contitution of a country is a stupid piece of paper and starts insulting someone intelligence instead of making actual discussion . 
  i hope you never have to live in a country where a constitution doesnt protect your basic rights as an individual . 
  i mean that stupid consitution is the cornerstone of most republics in the world , when it starts being called stupid you are dangerously close to becoming a dictatorship . 
  and you are so naive to presume that a barely 151 majority government can enact the laws and consitutional changes needed for a euro zone exit , think before you post . 
  they cant force it though , they were elected on the promise of a more moderate appraoch or negociation , always within the eurozone . 
  they cant take the decision to leave the euro without either new elections or a referendum . 
  vast majority of the people dont want to leave the eurozone . 
  its seems from all the micronations , san-marino is the only one not having tax tourism . 
  liechtenstein has also recieved flak albeit not as much luxembourg . 
  as for andora , i dont think tax paradise was ever their thing ( to the scale lux/gibraltar/channel isles are ), 
  he doesnt seem to hate post greece per se , but rather syriza and the government , he makes some good points but has a rather conspiracy nutjob theory that syriza will brainwash us to blame eu . 
  or that all is an evil internal plan of the left platform to leave ez nato and the rest . 
  i am not saying that the situation is ideal as it is , but claiming that exiting the eurozone is the magic cure to all our problems is a myopic view that leads to a largely uncharted and unknown consequences . 
  i mention argentina , a huge exporter in comparison to greece , and even there things are stagnant at best with a very slow improvement . 
  i dont have the answers , but the solutions are not black and white as many people claim . 
  our government wasted months and only started an actual negociation the last few weeks , the initial arrogance and style of certain members really lost us potential support for a more moderate approach on the issues . 
  ( btw my degree is on accounting , and although i cant claim to be the keynesian prodigy of reddit , i have a better view on certain aspects of the situation , not that it means anything , i somehow have ended up working as an external partner for an advertising company , yay 70 % unemployment for under 30 , fuck degrees , sell marketing deals ), 
  all those reddit armchair economists , default and go back to drachma , please study the greek economy and its import/export structure before replaying that broken tape . 
  the problems are deep and cant be solved so easily with an argentina model ( and we all saw how well that went ), 
  grandfather and if he had wheels he would have been a train . 
  ( for the saying part anyway ), 
  most dna test comparisons between ancient greek and modern greek samples prove quite the opposite . 
  edit , damn it 1 hour troll , you win . 
  ahh city of london , the one place conspiracy nutjobs are not entirely wrong about . 
  so finland takeover ? 
  wow . 
  yay 1990 bid money . 
  i just imagined a polandball scetch after this post . 
  and yet you are competing only with a handfull of countries ( spain/france/itatly ) and have many north countries to export that cant produce what you have . 
  strawberries ( off note here , slave labor many times ) , oranges , our freaking olive oil , instead of senting it to italy for rebranding , wine ( that actually seems to have picked up ) . 
  i agree though its not always a win situation but to blame it on eu ? 
  there are fundamential issues on this country , we can argue on many and disagree on others , the reality is , exiting eurozone is a scary terra incognita , will it be worse ? 
  better ? 
  i dont know , but i am scared to find out . 
  by giving em money to expand their business , by opening a huge market to em , with no import tax ? 
  obviously no . 
  no its because the farmers have lived the last 30 years leaking the eu funds , cultivating worthless shit ( cotton , then burn/dumb ) and tax evading like there is no tomorrow . 
  if we were smart and form farm unions to promote local products , reduce collective expenses for pest-control , gas etc ( an excellent example is obviously the milk union in thessalia , brilliant business , search it ) , but no most of the farmers want to cultivate useless crap and then take the eu funds . 
  i am sorry , how do you expect to get the internal economy going when we even import freaking potatoes from egypt ?
