  unless you mean what we call epikouriko tameio , its something like an extra 5-10 % but its not really that huge . 
  astronomical borrowing is kinda of a stretch , most of the debt was accrued on the last bailouts to pay the old debts . 
  the problem was , ( and still is ) , deficits , tax evasion , bureacracy for investments , high military spending , corruption , ineffective state workforce ( employees/staff of certain sectors ) also bankrupcy , ok mister german economist , then what , go to drachma ? 
  you have no idea how the greek economy works do you / ? 
  and btw we dont blame anyone else for our misery , we blame ourselfs for voting succesive terrible governments , mentality my ass . 
  i wish you would show the same energy and mentality as you call it for your country 's corporations that has costed us billions ( siemens ), 
  replace the swedish one with borkxit . 
  thats what the video on the article said . 
  ( unless my french have become really rusty ), 
  the pensions have been reduced around 40-50 % since 2010 . 
  ( the highest pension btw is 1700 euros at 40 years of work ) the age requirements have gone up . 
  the pension funds had issues that only got worse at the 2012 haircut ( since most funds held greek bonds ) and the fact that the huge unemployment means even less income for the funds . 
  bullxit , cypxit , romxit , scotxit ( hohoho old chaps ), 
  us and mostly italy are on the brink here , some of the isles are half an hour swim from turkey shores , its really easy to get across . 
  most centers are full anyway and as you know we arent swimming in cash to build or upgrade existing ones . 
  a solution must be found , 46.000 for greece in a just a year is too much . 
  to make a note on the article , those 2000 migrants are from syria , not sure if there is an agreement for their transport to germany . 
  unfortunately its not that easy , if it was , imf would have never been part of the initial deals . 
  lots of the equipment already remains unused , the vast amount of needs are covered with conscription and only a very small part of the army is professional hired personnel . 
  he has no choice , the people are ready to stay in the eurozone no matter the measures , they hoped that syriza would achieve a more moderate negotiation but this doesnt seem to bode well . 
  or sell it ( the m60 tanks anyway and maybe some of the leo1 ) and those godman useless zuibr , we arent re-enacting d-day anytime soon . 
  reminder that greece has the 3rd highest nato spending per gdp ranging from 2.7 % to the current 2.2 % . 
  some numbers : -1600 tanks -2100 armoured fighting vehicles -1920 artillery -29 attack helicopters -13 frigates -8 subs -4 zuibr class hovercrats ( world largest ) 137.000 tonnage in total . 
  287 fighter and ground attack aircrafts ( no1 in eu ) in conlusion the best customer for usa/ger/fr and russia . 
  i have seen you always posting on greece posts , i agree many times on several of your valid points , but this tinfoil attitude when it comes to syriza , the left platform and their evil conspiracy is getting out of hand . 
  you are incorrect , most polls say that we are ready to accept measures , as long as we stay inside the eurozone . 
  just tortulho daily post . 
  i know you are mad , but you dont have to reply twice . 
  unless you got confused with one of your alt accounts . 
  while what you say is true , we have never see what happens when 2 modern armies clash , what will happen when nobody can get a clear air superiority . 
  as for a one person destroying a tank , that has been happening since ww2 , the problem is you cant equip and train every soldier to be an effective anti-tank stopper , both from a cost perspective and ammunition perspective . 
  so when there is no clear air superiority , when both sides possess excellent aa and counter-measures we will see tank action . 
  savanna has been one of the better posters on europe , years before you created your account . 
  as for me , i have already posted some of my objections on certain ttip aspects , but in general i think it would benefit europe in general . 
  its your attitude in replying to this thread that made me the questioning of either your sanity or your employment . 
  wow op , either you work in 55 savushkina street , st petersburg or you are batshit crazy . 
  alice in wonderland magic hole deep . 
  relax , we have 1700 and poland has another 1700 ( in a 8000 eu total ) our giant hovercrafts will send help . 
  you arent totally wrong , but the economy indicators at the end of 2014 took a sharp turn for the worst again at christmas on the eve of the failing presidential election and proceeding uncertainty . 
  ( that was partially due to samaras government asking for some leniency on certain measures ) dont blame the people , at such a high unemployment , especially on the youth , they feel they have nothing to lose , also the 2 previous government were riddled with corruption . 
  and again their electoral result was based upon the whole stay in euro but better negotiation or something promise ( so far its only a promise ) , remember they only got 35 % and still had to co-operate with a right party to form a government . 
  as for the blame game , many knew and see that syriza had no realistic plan , however what led to today mess , was their arrogance and inexperience that wasted 4 months . 
  also bringing matters like ww2 reparations or rehiring certain state employees has left a terrible sour taste , both on interior and on exterior . 
  and this is how all cities will look when a virus wipes us from the face of earth . 
  not a really good graph , if you could add the gdp aswell ( since in the last 5 years there has been a 30 % shrink ) . 
  so the amount of public expenditure being cut and the increase of income has been huge for such a short period . 
  and for good reason , in a hypothetical ww3 , the baltics would be really hard to defend ( mimicking the 1944-45 german forces being trapped and encircled with no retreat ) . 
  the problem is , we have been taking the medicine for 5 years and the patient only got worse . 
  and nobody is still refusing to get the medicine as you say , most polls say we are ready to stay in euro no matter what measures . 
  til we arent european . 
  ( even if the word itself is greek in origin ), 
  < < local news agency stimme reported that the elephant had previously injured at least two people - including a man who was thrown in the air and a 12-year-old boy who suffered a broken jaw when he was hit by its trunk .   i dont know german law , but isnt that circus resposinble for essentially murder ? 
  ( not the animal obviously , but it 's handlers ), 
  sounds like the roman auxilia units , too bad that overeliance on germanic/gothic auxillia units was one of the reasons the western part of said empire collapsed, 
  i agree on the nazi part , but making gas deals with russia isnt so bad , when the vast amount of europe imports gas from there anyway and the proposed pipeline would eventually benefit italy and austria , and we wouldnt mind some cheaper gas rates . 
  how about a world were both greece and europe has managed this whole mess with mistakes , world isnt white and black . 
  more like north east , so next world war will start in the arctic !, 
  ( and its not even a fantasy scenario , if a rush for the natural resources and claims that hid beneath the ice ), 
  i hoped we would break tradition and make on another continent the beginning of a world war . 
  political amateurs , some fair points get lost in a sea of mistakes and isolation . 
  reopening and rehiring of certain state employees has left a sour taste . 
  waste of time in the first months , arrogance that lead to isolation . 
  terrible party discipline on statements , i am not talking just on the whole negotiation , there is fundamental issues between various ministries , and that stems from trying to apease different factions within the party . 
  they handled really bad certain situations ( the takeover for 3 months of the university of athens administrative building was really embarassing ) and what really pissed a lot of voters from syriza is the cooperation with a right party to form the government ( and possibly many left parties counterparts in europe ) in conclusion , had the government went with a more moderate line in february or march , they wouldnt be in the wall , pressured from both interior and exterior . 
  a final edit , they appointed possibly the most annoying person as a president of the parliament ( constantopoulou ) who has managed to alienate half the parliament and seems to have issues even with her own party members . 
  but ck2 taught me occitain should be spoken by half the france . 
  they are greeks for all intents and purposes , they speak greek and they have lived peacefully for centuries . 
  there has been some issues ( cleric appointments , representation , external funding ) but as you said , they do have special treatment in the parliament ( even if the 3 % electoral threshold was propably created for em ) for historical references as to why they were exempt on the population swaps in mid 20th century , it was the same reasoning as the greek christian minority in instanbul . 
  italy , germany not including east germany debt . 
  well technically speaking , melilla and ceuta could count as eu franchises . 
  hey tort , missed you man , just remember that the left platform doesnt equal the whole party , thank you . 
  the current rate of deposit withdawal is really high though , not 29 panic high , but high enough for the banks to require weekly ecb injections to stay afloat . 
  every day a deal isnt reached , the rate increases . 
  to make a counterpoint though , the amount of car sales between 2010-2014 has dropped immensely . 
  higher taxes led to almost 1million cars losing their plate to avoid paying taxes ( essentially rendering em immobile ) . 
  yes there is an increase now but its compared to nothing to sales figures from lets say 2008 . 
  in before he invades portugal to form hispania . 
  the problem is , i dont see a strong counter plan , if someones proposes that , go for it , all i see is , go to drachma ( people who have no idea how greece economy functions ) . 
  the problem is greece doesnt have a thriving industry to fall back in , yes devalued currency allows for easier monetary control and lucrative/competitive exports . 
  greece doesnt really have an economy based around that , its mostly services , high tourism , heavily tax favored maritime fleet and thats it , agriculture is wasted , barely can cover domestic usage . 
  there some heavy industry in metals , but not enough rare materials to sustain it , the cloth/textile industry has completely vanish . 
  there isnt really capital and a potental revert to drachma wouldnt be a beacon of positive signs for foreign invesments . 
  its a complex mess with no easy solutions . 
  edit , i would add though , that greece has the least explored natural resources for oil/gas in europe propably . 
  it has the second largest exlusive economic zone in the med.sea after italy , it is speculated that south of crete major deposits of both oil and gas could exist in high quantities . 
  tensions with turkey and lack of negotiating with neighbouring countries to finalize the boundaries of said eez has backtracked any actual research for decades and only now a serious investigation seems to be happening . 
  vat is already at 23 % for almost most products . 
  there arent easy solutions , taking europe with us into hell is something only people that want to see europe disintigrate ( if i was a conspiracy nutjob i could say russia wish for this ), 
  hahaha , export lead . . reddit armchair economists again . 
  do you know greece top export products ? 
  refined oil products with a 8 billion trade deficit from importing crude oil . 
  lack of competent internal industry , huge imports , even if we become the no1 tourist destination in the world , you cant really salvage the economy . 
  thats a potential outcome or we default and all hell breaks loose , and every day not a deal is reached billions are leaving from deposits . 
  define hold out until the end , we dont really have space for glorious resistances atm , the banks are barely kept afloat through ecb . 
  wow your post history , you put the tinfoil to the next level . 
  you should see what we gave the russians , inverted upside down letters , magic . 
  your sentence makes no sense , we have conscription as you say , the vast amount of money spent isnt on internal defense industry or creating military jobs but to buy aicrafts from you and hovercrafts from russia . 
  peter cushing was really up there with him . 
  rip . 
  its exactly because of this .
