  the issue is much more substantial than that . 
  maybe so . 
  do businesses on greek islands care about a 6 % overall increase in costs ? 
  yes , plus you 'll still be able to use credit , according to the current bank of greece directive . 
  hope you 'll have fun !, 
  i 'll give a clue : the ministry of finance records are not being made available from their website . 
  that includes current records , meaning a voter does n't know how to decide their vote on the referendum because the proposal text is not being made available by the gov , but also past records , i.e. 
  any and all texts made available by the previous gov. 
  they failed by not observing causality . 
  in their defense , education is not greece 's strong point . 
  `` no '' in the referendum practically leads to elections . 
  of course the grexit is not far from _ either _ choice . 
  i do n't think he could care less about `` his economy '' . 
  given a collapse , you 'd be certain some would want his head on a plate . 
  a referendum is not the only way - let 's not forget syriza is ruling as a result of a january vote , and in that sense the mandate bestowed upon them by the people ( if we want to get all poetic about it ) is precisely and clearly what they lobbied for . 
  the decision for a referendum only spreads panic . 
  it lacks substance because a ) the proposal in question is withdrawn because greece unilaterally abandoned talks and b ) the proposal would be invalid anyway on 30/6 , deadline for a 1.3 b payment . 
  one ca n't decide how to handle things that have already happened . 
  therefore , the timing is not only bad , it 's suspect . 
  what do tsipras & co. gain from it , since the greek people do n't benefit ? 
  that 's exactly how it is . 
  the referendum is an 100 % political trick , since it lacks substance ( the proposal in question has already been withdrawn ) . 
  syriza seek absolution to reap the benefits from either choice . 
  homework : figure out those benefits . 
  the decision of the bank of greece was july 6th , but you 're obviously right . 
  there 's not going to be an overnight change that will allow banks to be back in business on the 7th . 
   continuing for years is 100 % guaranteed to leave the entire nation ruined . 
  i suppose there 's a mathematical proof available of this ? 
  the only thing ruining this country is governments which pretend reform , while placing the weight of a massive pension fiasco on 2.5 mil private sector employees . 
  incorrect . 
  greece is in heavy debt , and will be regardless of the currency . 
  a new currency which will be devaluated constantly while the next governments continue pretend `` reform '' means austerity , at best . 
  at any rate , it 's been thoroughly documented gr ca n't even afford minting a new coin . 
   no one wins if greece exits . 
  well , that 's certainly not true . 
  very simple 3 sentences . 
  you 're glossing over any and all current issues , though . 
  the first is there 's a lot of people in the eu who apparently despise migrants and refugees alike . 
  let 's put that aside , as it seems we can contain them ( currently ) . 
  sending back economic migrants is not easy . 
  for one , it requires a complicated war to end - the economic interests alone kill your proposition . 
  it requires diplomatic cooperation of countries with conflicting interests - take the most striking ones : greece-turkey , saudi arabia-all - very unlikely , where 's the motivation ? 
  sifting through the migrants that cause problems is not easy , either ; even troublemakers can have the right to asylum . 
  gr is overburdened for reasons unrelated to immigration : those ca n't be relieved by any refugee relocation scheme , and they 're only getting worse . 
  in short , i think you completely deflect the actual issues at the root of symptoms like increased immigration . 
  strange definition of `` work '' in your post there , friend . 
  that was the joke . jpg, 
  fill your bathtubs with water . 
  it 's almost as if a declining economy causes a series of sociopolitical effects . 
  firstly , greece 's borders were never _ closed _ for syriza to have the exclusive privilege of `` opening '' them . 
  we refused to detain illegal immigrants because _ we lack the infrastructure _ . 
  onward . 
  al jazeera 's commentary does n't mention - probably not willfully , since everybody following the news already knows it , is it 's not greece 's position that 's changed . 
  yeah , greeks elected a government which a lot of people do n't like . 
  hell , most people in greece do n't like them , so no surprise . 
  some think it might even be better we had a king , one that could be assassinated in case we did n't like him , rather than having greece electing a party that prefers russia ( just like every other greek govt before them ) , yeah ? 
  why not ? 
  he makes a good point , even if it is n't backed by an actual , viable plan ( yet ? 
  so the frontex force that 's already in greece does n't exist ? 
   the point is that then they will be taken on board and processed , rather than reaching greece illegally this makes no sense whatsoever - what happens after they get processed , even on board ? 
  the only thing additional sea patrols would help with is a ) preventing innocent people from drowning and b ) catch the occasional piece-of-shit - and careless - smuggler . 
  tense . 
  of course , everything is a conflict . 
  and a binary one , at that . 
  take that nonsense to someone who 'll listen to it . 
  who better at being a scapegoat than a failed state . 
  expected , really . 
   liberal leftist elites is the polish elite comprised of actual liberal left , or is it on par with the myth of the leftist intellectual ? 
  where would i go for some unbiased info on the matter ? 
  i know next to nothing about poland or its media . 
  regardless , it 's irrelevant to the article . 
  how did you manage to put putin in the picture ? 
  is there some deterioration in greek-russian relations we have n't heard of ? 
  are you aware of a secret conspiracy , perhaps ? 
  potato , potatoe . 
   in greek ( modern and ancient ) , there is no ` c ' or a similar letter , only an s ( \u03c3 ) or k ( \u03ba ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure the same goes for cyrillic , where also no ` c ' exists ; the s is a \u0441 and the k a \u043a . 
   i suppose you 're trying to point out the issue of pronunciation in greek , which is pronounced with a `` k '' . 
  you 're right , there 's no `` c '' in the greek alphabet - what electro-n is referring to is the medieval form of `` s '' ( same pronunciation , different glyph ) . 
  wait , slovonkia is that one country in that avengers film , right ? 
  i am amazed only two sentences are devoted to the economic nature of the declining population age . 
  in greece , it played ( plays ) a significant part in our failed fiscal policies . 
  sometimes , you just got ta make sure the elderly vote for you , you see . 
  i could not find any current stats , but according to 2010 studies , the organi area of rhodope , northeastern greece , had the smallest revenues ( in 2010 ) . 
  more recently , the municipality of [ salamina ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salamina_ ( city \\ ) ) declared bankruptcy only a few days ago . 
  i said `` for example '' . 
   the reality is , russia bullies and scares those countries , thats why they never shot a russian jet down . 
   hahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  there are many conceivable reasons . 
  hardware malfunction , for example . 
  if you claim the pilot 's lying , you have to provide an explanation for his rogue behaviour . 
  did he want to start ww3 ? 
  where would you start trying to find a motive , even ? 
  replace `` vote '' with `` act '' , then , since you want to appear dense . 
  maybe if they starve they 'll vote in the interest of the country next time . 
  also , come on , complete sentences . 
  this clip is definitely not taken from an aircraft recording , but rather a low quality receiver with poor reception , which means most likely civilian . 
  what percentage of turkish af pilots speak russian ? 
  your objection is incomprehensible to me . 
  english is the lingua franca in the air .
