  only hunting is exempted , for obvious reasons , within _ tightly defined and controlled areas _ . 
   really ? 
  it 's simple , surviving implies that the group was subject to an attack - based on the info we have , this is simply not the case , the death of the migrant was an accident - the guard fired a warning shot and a ricochet killed one of them . 
  a warning shot is use of deadly force . 
  regardless whether the refugee group _ also _ used deadly force , which does n't cancel this fairly obvious fact . 
  re 1st paragraph : this is in no way established and i do n't know where you think you got this fact from . 
  it 's certainly not reported by the story !, 
  if we are to believe all claims , then how about this claim : nobody died , and the story is a hoax by the bulgarian authorities !, 
  there are no refugees , either !, 
  there was a danger they avoided - danger of deadly force . 
  that is the `` warning shot '' , if you do n't understand the term . 
  no , because the pertinent sentence is not a quote . 
  `` he said '' refers to their detainment . 
  as another user noted , this is just people reading into the sentence and projecting their own political views . 
  you do not explain _ how _ is the context political ( even if you could ) . 
  saying something is not explaining it . 
  please take a civilian firearms training , and learn how to safely handle weapons . 
  plenty of comments ( only some of which were deleted ) in this post suggest a disproportionate amount of happiness that this man died . 
  google the concept of `` reasonable force '' , and go away . 
   so bulgarian police is so rich that they are shooting warning shots on sight ? 
    plenty of example of incompetent police officers every day , i do n't see why one more goes against experience . . 
  by god , this can not go on !, 
  bring back my dog !, 
  in no aspect of the english language is survival political . 
  go troll some other sub . 
   have 35 days of vacation i ca n't even imagine how that is , at my meager 10/y . 
  i 'm sure we 'd hear about it . 
   i think the police is going to enforce the law if a store aimed to individuals sells them though ? 
  there is no way to enforce such a law , if it even exists . 
  `` they '', 
  this was n't about me , it was about right wing sensitivities . 
  and since you care , i do n't give a fuck about them . 
  a meaningless statement , since there are n't nominations and popularity does not matter . 
  why is a `` misdirection '' even needed in that case ? 
  nobody 's rioting over greece , not even the greeks !, 
  the same thing has been going on in greece , albeit under the ( thin ) veil of the immediate danger of bankruptcy . 
  i 'm sure you could find the respective ( similarly thin ) veil in sweden 's case . . 
  only insofar as it 's isolated from your people . 
  i can only speculate , and i 'd rather not to . 
  a bad cop is a bad cop , and should be treated as one . 
  that 's not what i said , it is a mutually beneficial arrangement . 
  i feel like i 'm missing some crucial plot point here . 
  most of the greek media suffer from the same twin curses that plague our political scene : nepotism and corruption . 
  this means that : a ) the humanitarian aspects of the issue - either those concerning the immigrants or those concerning the locals - are silenced except when used to b ) exploit the issue to advance specific opportunistic motives . 
  for instance , only a few days ago the pm tsipras & the austrian chancellor faymann ( forgive me if i mispelled his name ) visited lesbos ; the images shown were that of a relatively relaxed _ and orderly _ atmosphere , with 7.3 k immigrants having been shoved off the island earlier that same day ( [ story ] ( http://www.kathimerini.gr/833559/article/epikairothta/politikh/sth-lesvo-o-al-tsipras-me-ton-v-faiman ) ) . 
  the wording of the presentations is heavily biased to appeal to emotion , often obscuring , or selectively revealing , the facts surrounding the presented events . 
  c ) situations like [ this ] ( http://www.newsit.gr/politikh/lesvos-eikona-ntropis-astynomikos-klotsaei-metanastes-tin-imera-tis-episkepsis-tsipra/436393 ) ( police officer kicks immigrants around - the _ same day _ tsipras visits the island ) are n't displayed on the state media ( \u0395\u03a1\u03a4 ) or by pro-government media even people who have chosen to report on social media ( e.g. 
  @greekanalyst - _ not to say it 's the only one _ ) do so in the manner sketched above , and behind a pseudo-anonymity they make it harder for the common reader to verify their intent , or their paychecks . 
  i laughed too hard at this , bravo . 
  ~ ~ i 'm sure we could get the gist of it by looking at german exports . 
  i 'll try to find something later . ~ ~ _ nevermind , i totally misread the last two comments . 
  move along . _, 
  search the news , alright ? 
  they three-upped you this time !, 
  some of them do , just like you know some who do n't . 
  it 's almost as if people can have a variety of beliefs or opinions . 
   but that 's what the us is doing the last 15 years and more . 
  china did the same very recently , so did japan . 
  do you think the nobel award for literature can affect the result of the election ? 
  it 's pretty clear who 's the winner . 
  your post is just delirious . 
  when you can formulate an argument , do come back , or put it in a blog post so i can ignore it more easily . 
  no , it 's because they think their father 's income reflects whether the country 's bankrupt , and also because it 's common knowledge the uk is very well off . 
  thank you for trying to label my intellectual limit though , as if you even know me . 
  has n't syriza 's rise already demystified the legend of the leftist intellectual ? 
  lol . 
   you do not live in my country and i doubt you ever have . 
  it 's always nice when you can be proven wrong after the first 7 words you utter . 
  the rest of your delirium i wo n't even address . 
  this article gets all the facts wrong . 
  read [ this ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/10/07/greek-authorities-uncover-criminal-ring-that-distributed-forged-passports/ ) ( from a previous submission here ) instead . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive , as you 'd rather present them . 
  `` bankrupt '' lol , you people will try to find solid ground for your arguments anywhere , huh ? 
  i 'm sure lieutenant reynolds was being sarcastic . 
  i do n't know about `` obsession '' or `` popularity '' , but vegetarian menus are definitely available in most restaurants , and i 've seen some exclusively vegan/vegetarian restaurants as well , so i suppose availability is not an issue . 
  another assumption is since those places have been around for quite some time , they do attract their target groups ( and more , i suppose , i 've been in a couple of them and i generally shun vegetarianism ) . 
  i have n't experienced the `` preaching '' from vegetarian/vegan people the internet memes go on about , though . 
  i thought i saw something written over crete , then i zoom in and it 's still `` hellenic republic '' , i 'm disappointed in you op . 
  come on , it 's a recipe which brought millions of warm $ to news-site after news-site ( slashdot , huffpost , ars , you-name-it ) , why would n't they follow it . 
  tupac would be proud . 
  and by proud i mean spinning . 
  reddit , where saving a life and being a nanny is demeaning . 
  had doner from lamb once , never went back . . 
  correct . 
  more fuel consumption without the corresponding work produced , if you wanted to sum it up . 
   greece and italy have no obligations to save any of the migrants . 
  europe does not owe syrians anything . 
   you definitely should n't be speaking for anyone but yourself , let alone two whole countries . 
   they do n't get housed or fed safely . 
  go away , troll . 
  i do n't see why not , since we 've been at it since february anyway . 
  you should move there . 
   what leads to mass shootings are mental illness sounds like an authoritative piece of evidence . 
  you should inform the us government , so they can implement proper healthcare . 
  the assumption being that a person on twitter is not leading an `` armed mob '' . 
  and why does it have to be a mob , anyway ? 
  is one person not enough ? 
  it certainly seems to be the case this mentality leads to more than 1 mass shooting per week in the usa , so one person is enough . 
  is it reasonable to be able to know if a person , any person , has this type of control or influence over another ? 
  no , it is definitely infeasible , maybe even improbable .
