  i maintain germany as my october resort . 
  the $ is better elsewhere . 
  guess why . 
  no , do n't guess . 
  i do n't want to hear from you again . 
  yes , the numbers agree . 
  i would like to read more , though . 
  tell that to the poster of https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lc1iy/money_given_to_asylum_seekers_in_most_eu_counties/, 
  and if i do n't have access to german newspapers ' archives , i can suck it ? 
  your country actually does n't allow them to work for 6 months after they are declared as refugees . 
  ireland does n't allow them to work _ at all _ . 
  so , no ? 
  where did you pull those % from ? 
   many of them ca n't even learn our language because do n't know the latin alphabet . 
  i was n't aware of the latin alphabet when i was 6 yet i learned english and german . 
  what up ? 
  you seem quite well-informed on the matter , maybe you should advise the croatian army and guide their minesweeper crews . 
  _ good for them to be protecting the european ideals _ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ( / s ), 
  it might have - do you follow startups , ads , and ipos in all the top 10 countries ? 
  if not , how would you tell ? 
  ip does n't directly translate to either number , or popularity , of brands . 
  clearly , hungary is being victimised here . 
  their actions are irrelevant , and they should be treated the same regardless of how they act . 
  reddit has solved insomnia guys !, 
  what 's next ? 
  cancer ? 
  report back within the hour , please . 
  there 's so much nonsense in this comment i puked irl . 
   what were they fleeing from in greece ? 
  hungary can buy its barbed wire somewhere else , then . 
  plenty of providers around . 
  i wish events like these got more coverage , but i guess they 're too `` feel-good '' for the negativity which must pervade / r/europe . 
  you 're expecting immigrants to know about the location of minefields that even croatian authorities only roughly do ? 
  just how stupid are you ? 
   the issue is that nobody cared that croatians could get hurt that 's demonstrably not the case . 
  the death of a mine cleanup crew member in croatia this week was pretty widely covered . 
  do you think he was an immigrant , too ? 
  interesting stats - what 's your source ? 
  itt : true scotsmen . 
  but ... it brought them tea , and biscuits !, 
  you 'll be fine . 
  capital controls do n't apply to foreign accounts . 
  $ are not `` hard to find '' . 
  your credit/debit cards will work fine , too . 
  if you want to bring some cash for good measure , it may be prudent , but in my opinion unnecessary . 
  there 's always an invasion , always a threat , with these people . 
   the balkans stop being so ... balkany ... after the united states actually committed full-heartily to a nato intervention . 
  reddit , rewriting history . 
  for the time period the statement `` being wrong '' is relevant , the imf maintained its estimations were correct . 
  then , later , it admits to them being wrong . 
  the estimations were wrong for the whole time period in question , i.e. 
  `` all the time '' . 
  sorry , this seems a pretty basic english reading comprehension problem , and i 'd appreciate if you did n't put any further words in my mouth . 
  i did not say that . 
  if that 's what you read , maybe take 5 and re-read . 
  no , but there are economists who can make accurate predictions ( i.e. 
  better success than a coin toss ) . 
  i never raised any objection that estimations must be 100 % accurate , and that would be absurd . 
  you ca n't dismiss the magnitude of an estimation error by appealing to absurdity . 
  well , like it was written above , this is the internet , where any random stranger i ca n't verify posts stories that sound absurd and impossible for me to verify . 
  i 'll stick to the reputable sources . 
  there is no group with enough influence over the army to make it happen any time soon . 
  on the inside , the army is quite disorganised , as its leadership suffers from a huge churn over the past 3-4 years ( partially due to constant changes in administration & incentives for early retirement which were pushed around 2012 , iirc ) . 
   reducing their debt _ debt restructuring _ is not debt `` reduction '' . 
  do n't confuse the two . 
   afaik , the only thing they have `` admitted '' , is that they underestimated the multiplier effect . 
  that was in 2013 if i remember well . 
  otherwise , they blame the government for not reforming as planned . . that 's a bit of an exageration to say they admitted being wrong all the time from the beginning of the crisis . .  it 's not , the effects of bad estimations are far reaching in macro economies . 
   the new government will implement the new memorandum . 
  that 's not exactly carved in stone ... _ which is the whole problem _ . 
  there is n't . 
  check out the polls - there are no new parties . 
  in fact there are _ less _ parties than the january election . 
  nothing has changed since the syriza administration signed the deal . 
  _ some _ measures have been ratified as law , but the important ones have n't . 
  this pre-election season , however short , is too long - at least the mediator administration is doing a good job handling immigration and the lack of teachers in primary schools (  270 schools are closed at the start of the school year because of it ) . 
  capital controls are still in effect . 
  the syriza administration built a fictitious primary surplus by completely cutting spending in all areas but salaries & pensions , and it combined with the agreement with the troika to built an equally fictitious trust in the markets , thus inflating a false image of recovery which will no doubt be used as leverage in the upcoming weeks for various purposes . 
  the people voting for syriza are doing so _ despite _ it accepting austerity , therefore for different reasons . 
  these can be either ideological , or reactionary ( nd _ is _ still viewed as corrupt by a large voter base ) . 
  everyone can become angry when they feel their personal beliefs are offended . 
  this is n't a trait of muslims alone . 
  do you want me to say it a third time ? 
   santiago catalatrava glad to see he 's an international symbol for architecture . 
  oh my god , goat meat makes fantastic soup . 
  the differential theory of us armed forces ( snake model ) upon encountering a snake in the area of operations ( ao ) : 1 . 
  infantry : snake smells them , leaves area 2 . 
  airborne : lands on and kills the snake 3 . 
  armor : runs over snake , laughs , and looks for more snakes 4 . 
  aviation : has gps coordinates to snake . 
  ca n't find snake . 
  returns to base for refuel , crew rest and manicure 5 . 
  ranger : plays with snake , then eats it 6 . 
  field artillery : kills snake with massive time on target barrage with three forward artillery brigades in support . 
  kills several hundred civilians as unavoidable collateral damage . 
  mission is considered a success and all participants ( i.e. 
  cooks , mechanics , and clerks ) are awarded silver stars 7 . 
  special forces : makes contact with snake , ignores all state department directives and theater commander rules of engagement by building rapport with snake and winning its heart and mind . 
  trains it to kill other snakes . 
  files enormous travel settlement upon return 8 .
