  come on man , who knows , maybe all the extra people can found an additional company which will contribute to your gdp . 
  you went full retard in this comment , so now we know you 're trolling . 
   but again , referring to my previous post , the claim that these refugees are flocking to europe because of those two wars ( iraq/afghanistan ) is simply disingenuous . 
  what do you think is the alternative explanation for this relatively sudden rise in migration towards the eu ? 
   a small minority that is already causing societal problems and is growing more quickly than the native populace source or gtfo . 
  smugglers do n't enter territorial waters ( as a rule ) . 
  they dump boats with all the people they 're transporting - you may have heard about those - in international waters and leave them there to try and paddle to their destination or wait for a rescue boat . 
  the coast guard 's role is limited de facto : when a suspicious vessel is identified at sea , the cg notifies the ministry , which then gets permission from the vessel 's flag nation for the cg to board . 
  in instances when permission is denied or is unable to be negotiated on time , the cg will generally monitor the vessel as it approaches territorial waters . 
  to attempt to give credibility to a flimsy argument . 
   i do n't see the problem in invading libia and if you do n't see it , it does n't exist ? 
  better start writing down your arguments for when the trump rhetoric makes its way into the eu . 
   the leader in the south was benign by comparison and the southern leaders helped korea boom economically and become a democracy . 
  ho-ly-shit . 
  are you planning to write a book ? 
  get andrei lankov to review it . 
  most americans ( most people , really ) are n't aware of history , let alone taste . 
  no , it 's not . 
  this is n't a government that needs to run with transparency . 
  others subs are functioning perfectly alright `` secret and unaccountable '' , they 're delivering useful content , and keeping an all-around excellent feel . 
  but then again , you probably think readers and mods have conflicting interests . . 
  _ warning : depicts reality _, 
  yes , people need to see it . 
  they need to know what their shitty attitude leads to . 
  i 'm not going to repeat myself . 
  diamonds found on ukrainian citizen in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  i suggest a trip to nothern italy , it 's fantastic this time of the year , where you 'll have the chance to see it used in contemporary catholic churches . 
  i do n't know to what extent that sentence is true or carries any meaning , but the adl is very clear that its mission [ 1 ] is not specific to america . 
  if they 're going to make decisions on symbols used worldwide , they 'd better make sure all relevant culture is considered , and not just any particular geographical subset of it . 
  [ 1 ] '' _ the anti-defamation league was founded in 1913 `` to stop the defamation of the jewish people and to secure justice and fair treatment to all . '', 
  now the nation 's premier civil rights/human relations agency , adl fights anti-semitism and all forms of bigotry , defends democratic ideals and protects civil rights for all . _ '', 
  i dislike both its taste and texture . 
  so was the swastika ; now , however , it elicits very specific feelings and memories and recollections of certain events , which - unfortunately - have made it the symbol it _ currently _ is . 
  whether we like it or not , certain groups ( fringe , racist , helpful , or not ) do appropriate symbols for their own use , after they interpret them in ways they deem fit . 
  in the current pc and conservative climate in the eu it 's quite likely the celtic cross will lose its original meaning fast . 
  maybe in the us . 
  not in the eu . 
   it literally says in no uncertain terms that it 's only a hate symbol in certain contexts and should be looked at case-by-case . 
  because cultural appropriation is a largely disputed , very controversial notion , on which we should not be basing important decisions without lengthy discussion and calm thought . 
  ... if turkey allows . 
  reddit has this great [ feature ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/pwnzerfaust/comments/ ) . . 
  i think op expressed very clearly ( s ) he 's racist , without anybody 's assistance . 
  in other words , german people struggle to understand us culture . 
  taken at different times of day , in the first the sun is behind the building , in the second behind the camera . 
  granted . 
  you need to hurry before the chinese buy all the `` industry '' and the russians all the land . 
  it 's an increasing attempt to trivialise the situation by focusing attention away from the causes of increased immigration , and onto the allegedly alarming _ possible _ consequences it _ may _ have . 
  many people subscribe to that notion and/or participate in that attempt because they do n't even realise the differences between words - monkey see , monkey do . 
  you can save the $ 50 if you have enough hands to push . 
  yeah , no workarounds against the supposed form of the fence . 
  no sir , perfectly secure . 
  btw , tsipras is giving an interview on alpha tv right now where he explicitly states he wo n't defend the measures he agreed to with his signature . 
  that 's not unlikely at all . 
  i 've travelled a lot both in and outside the eu , to the point i 'm rarely in greece any more . 
  since my work involves having access to the internet almost 24/7 , i tend to notice these things . 
  i have n't encountered worse broadband services than those in gr ( pricing , yeah , but not services ) . 
   just because one of the ministers says it , it does n't mean it 's the party 's approach . 
  so you 're a liar . 
  thank you . 
  way to go sweden !, 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.amna.gr/articleview.php?id=86174 ) the report . 
  translation :  `` what do you mean by participation [ to implementation of the programme ] ? 
  no , that is not necessary . 
  but we can support or vote for specific measures for which we have committed . 
  now , are you a liar , or is amna falsifying stories ? 
  mods are n't judges , i think . 
  bwahahahaha high praise for assad . 
  now , seriously , stop trolling . 
  let 's satisfy the question first : a syrian fleeing war is not going to stop in a neighbour country for two main reasons : a ) as it stands , no decisive action ( so far ) against isil means the war will spread , and if decisive action is taken ( as hinted by us-turkey ) the war will spread . 
  at some point , fleeing a warzone means getting sufficiently away from it . 
  neighbours are necessarily far , but not sufficiently far . 
  b ) neighbour countries have not shown any sort of support for syrians in the last 40 years , so there is no incentive to expect they will be supportive to syrian refugees . 
  turkey is , thankfully , a bright exception to this point . 
  now , the underlying assumption : _ syrians / refugees pick and choose , instead of staying at the first country not currently at war , therefore they are doing so maliciously , because they are being greedy _ . 
  in addition to the above , it is not reasonable to expect from countries like , e.g. 
  greece , to support refugees in a meaningful capacity . 
  deportations from other eu countries to gr have stopped ( e.g. 
  germany stopped them in april ) for this exact reason . 
  it is therefore not reasonable to expect from refugees , migrants , and citizens alike to remain in gr when the state fails to provide services it did n years ago . 
  at that point it stops being greed and malicious intent , and it becomes an issue of preservation of self and family . 
   you 're not the only one who has been insinuating at me being something other than i say i am , and i find it incredibly offensive . 
  being offended is your problem , and yours alone . 
  the fact is , there 's no reason to trust anybody behind an anonymous internet persona . 
  good idea . 
  let 's be divided on two topics instead of one . 
  hell , why stop at two ? 
  this is the most likely version . 
  there 's a lot of racism in the world , more of it just trickles in every day . 
   until arab spring syria was doing well under assad . 
  bwahahahaha what ? 
  under what definition of `` well '' ? 
  brave keyboard warrior . 
  ah , casual british racism . 
  [ tu quoque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) . 
  goodbye . 
  in / u/hansas mind , people from syria are plague . 
  there is no room in the greek market for train operators . 
  that 's a general truth , however : there 's no benefit from increased competition in a small enough market . 
  unless , of course , you provide services that will help expand the market ( see cosco 's roadmap ) . 
   after the opening of the telecommunications market and the privatization of the public provider ( ote ) , i can say we have some of the best networks possible to be employed in the country .
