  we have decent pricing , but the services are just bad . 
  the fiber infrastructure is n't utilised ( vdsl ? 
  please ) , municipal wireless hubs have either remained in 2005 status or scrapped , and the main players are still the same only now they 're not leasing infrastructure from ote ( and they 're still almost unprofitable ) . 
  never trust the psilons . 
  those supporting gene-modified seeds are n't normal ? 
  thanks , this is good to know . 
  if `` i disagree '' to you means `` only my opinion is correct '' , sure . 
   anti-austerity platform that 's one way of putting it . 
  another would be to consider it under the prism of the circumstances : they offered the easy way out to the populus , claiming they would take a different route than the `` corrupt parties '' , and the people believed them . 
  for no reason , of course , other than they like to have the tough choices hidden from them . 
   the idiots where there the whole time but just not so noticable . 
  is n't this the minister of finance ? 
  the owner of a notable publisher in the czech republic ? 
  leader of a party with 47 deputies , and 4 members in the ep ? 
  is n't it news because it may be notable information on the actions of somebody with a lot of influence ? 
  unfortunately , these people are myopic at best ; like you said , all they want is to push the problem away until the next elections ( and then until the next , and so on ) . 
  they do n't care what happens to wherever immigrants , asylum seekers , and refugees end up , or where they originated from . 
  how many places did the czech offer for the unhcr resettlement program ? 
  70 , half those of uruguay , a country with no obligation , responsibility , or undertaken treaties in all this . 
  this whole issue is just potential voters to them , they do n't actually give a shit . 
  i 've been through your border very recently , they 're already there . 
  i disagree - i do n't think ethics are relevant just because we put them in a discussion . 
  `` business as usual '' , as they say . 
  i do n't subscribe to the attitude that reddit ( or any cafe gathering ) is judge and jury . 
  we can clearly see the effect conservative politics has had in creating a strong racist movement across europe , but to imply the `` left '' ( can we abandon the lame anachronistic terminology , btw ? ), 
  has had no share in it is particularly convenient , to say the least . 
  at least in greece , all the activity of `` leftist '' organisations claiming to act against violence , segregation , and racism can be summed up in one word : hostility . 
  `` fight fire with fire '' does n't work , we 've been through this . 
  fair policies , education , and awareness do work . 
  few eu parliaments can confidently declare they 've made pushes towards that direction , though . 
  maybe you want to google for those reasons . 
  just saying . 
  we 're not going to do nothing , we 're going to treat them like everyone else . 
  that means the same as we do for people like you . 
   _ wow , you literally ca n't handle other people , can you _, 
   looks like / r/europe is being brigaded by stormfront or some other such far-right cesspit tbh . 
  ftfy, 
  we 've heard this one before , we 've debunked it , move on with your life . 
  if you 're threatened by the presence of humans , go live in a hole somewhere . 
  diversity leads to violence !, 
  have n't heard that one before !, 
  are you going to attack the article on being inaccurate , or have you never heard of a family of more than 5 people ? 
   `` unfortunate '' well your choice was unfortunate . 
  we know enough about racism and social dynamics to be able to avoid getting into this mess . 
  it 's not about our good fortune . 
  believe it or not , racism does not exist in a vacuum - the actions of others fuel or hinder it . 
  in that sense , yes , policies ( other than just `` persecution '' ( wtf ? ) ), 
  can help against racism . 
   . . our society produces . 
  hammer , meet nail . 
  it would be `` crazy '' if there was no reason . 
  is that the case ? 
  yeah come to think of it i may be a little biased . 
  they 're common around my home village too , but i 'm only there ~ 2 weeks a year . 
  how deadly _ are _ they anyway , do you know ? 
  _ any day now ... _  russia renamed to soviet union, 
  eh , you have elk , wolves , brown bears , wolverines , wild boars , and vipers , but bees are the deadliest ? 
  holy fuck , that 's amazing . 
  i almost jumped out of my seat thinking an alligator got drunk . 
  [ here ( pdf ) ] ( http://www.malwest.gr/docs/espa_fc_annexes/annex_26.pdf ) is a presentation on the data published by keelpno from 2009-2013 , with a breakdown per region & proposed action plans . 
  the data you can find on their [ site ] ( http://www.keelpno.gr/en-us/epidemiologicalstatisticaldata.aspx ) . 
  powell -- powell acted ( mostly , anyway ) in accordance to the morality he supported , and in that sense i think he was a politician who enjoyed a great amount of trust , and that would still be applicable today . 
  he was n't indiscriminately anti-immigration , and in fact consistently tried to refute the myths and fud usually spread by far-rights ( immigration was used to lower wages , and similar nonsense ) , and in that sense he 'd find a lot of supporters from the `` left '' . 
  the same strategies he applied as minister of health would also still be applicable in greece today - especially the neglect of psychiatric institutions - and hopefully would n't be met with the same resistance . 
  palme -- the reforms palme pushed he would not be able to pull off in greece of today . 
  however , it 's my perception that he 's rather well-liked ( his assassination is still viewed as a terrible tragedy and loss ) , and would probably be considered more trustworthy than the scum which currently occupy our parliament . 
  de gaulle -- how interesting he comes up after yv 's statement that tsipras resembles him . 
  de gaulle would rule greece for decades if given the chance , for his ability to manipulate the media if not for nothing else . 
  his style would very much flourish here , and he 'd certainly find many political supporters . 
  tito -- hard to tell . 
  within the current climate in greece , he 'd be quite the polarising figure . 
  well , all of them were ( are ? ), 
  popular and influential . 
  sure , that makes a lot of sense , when we 're talking about the faroes alone . 
  however / u/rabbidkitten says '' . . hunting for food is ethically better than rising livestock . . '' in a pretty generalising manner , i think . 
  leaving alone how ethics are even relevant to the discussion , of course . . 
  hmm , good question . 
  off the top of my head , i 'd say either vipers , which are rarely encountered actually , or the brown bear in the northern mountains . 
  the various poisonous spiders and scorpions , although very potent , wo n't trouble you and can be handled with plain old common sense . 
  mosquitoes are plentiful but malaria is n't a problem , only 30-40 infections each year since 2011 ( when sprayings were reduced because of lack of funds on various municipalities ) . 
  forgot to mention , this is about greece . 
  hypocrisy is irrelevant . 
  but so is morality . 
  the inhabitans of the faroes have to eat to live , and whaling is one of the very few choices they have in that matter . 
  morality is irrelevant . 
  the need for survival trumps anything else , period . 
  if people do n't want the people of the faroes to kill whales in order to sustain themselves , they have to either provide them with cheap food , or relocate them all somewhere where they can be farmers or get a mass media degree . 
  everything else is pointless drivel . 
   i have to wonder , why do the faroes level `` colossal import taxes '' on essentials like foodstuffs ? 
   import taxes are greater in comparison with fishing , which enjoys a 14 % deduction ( up to a limit ) . 
  is there a logical point in there somewhere ? 
   i disagree . 
  in my opinion , hunting for food is ethically better than rising livestock , and , if done in a sustainable way , less damaging to the environment than converting huge tracts of land into pasture or , say , corn fields . 
  hunting as such is not a problem , it 's the number of people who want to have a steak for every meal . 
   the `` less damaging to the environment '' angle is a first for me , i got ta say - i 've never heard of pastures being environmental risks . 
  what 's the alternative `` sustainable '' way ? 
  so , cyprus without beaches ? 
  then perhaps it is your perception of what constitutes bias that needs a recap . 
  media outlets are n't there to provide `` an actual solution to the problem '' . 
  btw , which media outlet provides a fair view of immigration , in your opinion ?
