  isbn 0-19-515713-3 . 
  unholy war : terror in the name of islam . 
  oxford university press . 
  isbn 978-0-19-516886-0 . 
  bennett , clinton ( 2010 ) . 
  interpreting the qur ` an : a guide for the uninitiated . 
  continuum international publishing group . 
  isbn 978-0-8264-9944-8 . 
  ahmed , akbar ( 1999 ) . 
  islam today : a short introduction to the muslim world ( 2.00 ed . ) . 
  isbn 978-1-86064-257-9 . 
  islam : beliefs and observances ( 7th ed . ) . 
  barron 's educational series . 
  isbn 978-0-7641-2226-2 . 
  mohammed and mohammedanism , by gabriel oussani , catholic encyclopedia . 
  retrieved april 16 , 2006 . 
  ibn kammuna , examination of the three faiths , trans . 
  moshe perlmann ( berkeley and los angeles , 1971 ) islam : a guide for jews and christians - f. e. peters , 2003, 
  oh , so you 're an authority now !, 
  the numbers from every year since 1990 ( probably even before ) , when in turn we have accepted huge numbers of people from albania , romania , bulgaria , serbia , pakistan , egypt , and so forth . 
  our tourism has never seen a noticeable dent by immigration . 
  btw , articles like [ this pile of crap ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/british-tourists-complain-impoverished-boat-migrants-are-making-holidays-awkward-in-kos-10281398.html ) have n't substantiated the claim that tourism in kos ( or anywhere ) is actually hurt by immigration , only make vague references ( `` british tourists '' , `` economic pressures are being felt '' , similar nonsense ) . 
  let 's not forget where the burden of proof _ actually _ lies . 
  news alert : police fail to deescalate situation . 
  immigration does n't affect tourism in the slightest , when it comes to greece . 
  do n't know what numbers you could conjure up for other countries . 
  you would n't be a very successful refugee . 
   a militant religion full of hate and aggression . 
  false . 
  fundamentalists of any religion can be found , however . 
  glad you showed your true self , though . 
   henry kissinger was 5000 % right . 
   wtf, 
   do n't overestimate them either , that 's how they think they have power i do n't , i 'm only pointing out the first step to solving a problem is realising there is one . 
   i look at the rest of europe at the moment , with the centre right governments in power pandering to the extreme right for votes exactly what new democracy is doing today , you mean ? 
  here 's a notable fact related to the election date : the law for public worker 's evaluation , drafted by mr. vernardakis , was not to be submitted to the parliament for vote until september . 
  so far , every single time after an election , a _ new _ law text was drafted by each government but has never reached the parliament . 
  with this masterful ^ ^ ^ / s political move , we are making sure civil servants will keep their positions , and they will be free to leech for the years to come . 
  do not dismiss the fascists , that 's how they rise to power every single time . 
   pretty much everyone agrees that there is no basis for reparations , that 's what we 're talking about . 
  as countless other experts have already stated , there is no basis for those claims . 
   maybe to greece lol , why ? 
  ever got '' _ fucking germans _ '' as a reply ? 
  lots of racist posts in here lately . 
  especially in any topic involving immigration . 
  i usually tell them it 's near the middle east , and let events unfold . 
  the deal [ will be renegotiated ] ( http://www.kathimerini.gr/827683/article/oikonomia/ellhnikh-oikonomia/a8hna-synolikh-epanadiapragmateysh-gia-ta-14-aerodromia ) , according to the greek govt . 
  you guys are so cute together . 
  from watching it i think it 's filmed in an abandoned house - it 's cheap and easy to find one of these , anywhere . 
  the guns do n't even look real to me , but ca n't tell from the bs quality . 
  no evidence of a fight going on ( the gunshots can trivially be edited in ) . 
  maybe somebody recognises the location ( landmarks ? ), 
  and can chime in . 
  bad takes _ do _ happen sometimes , kids . 
  she posted it herself . 
  is it enough evidence that she 's either in a warzone , or in a studio ? 
  nope . 
   looks like a real army base to me . 
  al-righty then . 
  a country is expected to uphold a treaty it signed , and that 's that . 
  of course as an autonomous state , a country can choose to pull a germany-poland non-aggression pact ii . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/czech-republic-votes-in-favour-of-eu-entry-1.482470 ) article from february was all i 've found , if that 's what you were referring to . 
   the current polls show that majority of czech people favour exiting the eu right now . 
  if the eu mandates immigrant relocation , the nation would literally rise up . 
   got a link ? 
  _ no you do n't _ . 
   i am well aware of that . 
  your very next sentence shows you 're not . 
   his analogy , comparing international and nation states to a freeway is stupid good , because i was n't . 
  seems like you need to read it . 
  how the hell somebody can be so disconnected from reality as to upvote this , i do n't even . 
  you can proceed and point out all the ways in which the analogy differs from reality , they are infinite , since i made it to showcase only one similarity . 
  there is no problem . 
  i do n't think you can correctly judge situations , or if you can , you certainly do n't seem eager to show it in your comment . 
  consider driving on a freeway . 
  you 're cruising along with other cars , each one of them going anywhere from 60 to 140 km/h , in their respective lanes . 
  some of their drivers are going to work , others heading home , others receiving a blowjob while returning from the beach . 
  now all of a sudden , a huge black suv comes out from nowhere , constantly accelerating , constantly switching lanes while driving past others . 
  it does not use turn signals , its windows are black , it has no license plates and you could swear you saw a machine gun mounted on top . 
  the other drivers behind you do n't seem to respond to the suv 's antics ; they more or less maintain their course , some seem to have slowed down after being surprised by it , but they all seem unfazed . 
  the suv is right about to swerve from your right and past you , all the while driving at ludicrous speeds for a crowded freeway . 
  `` he needs a good lesson '' , you think to yourself . 
  now let 's say you assumed the role of the punisher , and you want to show this guy how reckless he is acting . 
  he 's violating the law , he 's not communicating to other drivers , he deserves it and it 's right . 
  you hit the brakes so he smashes into you in the middle of the freeway . 
  he 'll most certainly lose control for a while , and at that speed his suv will most likely prove fatal for at least one of the oncoming drivers . 
  you 're not an expert at driving yourself , so you will no doubt struggle to maintain control too , possibly hurting yourself , and maybe others in your car . 
  the couple in that blowjob have it worse of all . 
  of course , none of this usually happens , because we teach people to drive defensively ; defensive driving skills aim `` to save lives , time , and money , in spite of the conditions around you and the actions of others '' . 
  automotive law is built around this , punishing reckless behaviour to save the lives of you and those you socialise with . 
  hope the analogy is clear . 
  cretan here , can confirm . 
  it 's getting better , albeit slowly . 
  [ work ] ( https://youtu.be/1cs1cuixbvg?t=1m33s ) . 
  of course ; my point was the _ de facto _ usage differs from reddiquette ( obviously ) . 
  eh , we 'd have a hard time agreeing on what `` misuse of the downvote button '' even is . 
   there are some insanely rude right-wing people on reddit , who use the downvote button as a i-don ` t-like-it button . 
  not necessarily a privilege of right-wingers , or rude people . 
  far from self-loathing , the problems with finland [ were highlighted ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/finland-is-in-a-grave-situation-2015-6 ) before they become dangerous . 
  prudence , in my opinion .
