  combat engineer : studies snake . 
  prepares in-depth doctrinal thesis in obscure 5 series field manual about how to defeat snake using countermobility assets . 
  complains that maneuver forces do n't understand how to properly conduct doctrinal counter-snake ops 9 . 
  navy seal : expends all ammunition and calls for naval gunfire support in failed attempt to kill snake . 
  snake bites seal and retreats to safety . 
  hollywood makes fantasy film in which seals kill muslim extremist snakes 10 . 
  navy : fires off 50 cruise missiles from various types of ships , makes presentation to senate appropriations committee on how naval forces are the most cost-effective means of anti-snake force projection . 
  estimates 66 % of snake killed . 
  marine : kills snake by accident while looking for souvenirs . 
  local civilians demand removal of all us forces from area of operations 12 . 
  marine recon : follows snake , gets lost 13 . 
  combat controllers : guides snake elsewhere 14 . 
  para-rescue jumper : wounds snake in initial encounter , then works feverishly to save snake 's life 15 . 
  quartermaster : ( notice : your anti-snake equipment is on backorder ) 16 . 
  c-17 transport pilot : receives call for anti-snake equipment , delivers two weeks after due date 17 . 
  f-15 pilot : misidentifies snake as enemy mil-24 hind helicopter and engages with missiles . 
  tree trunk blown up by misfired missile drops on snake and kills it 18 . 
  f-16 pilot : finds snake , drops two cbu-87 cluster bombs , and misses snake target , but get direct hit on embassy 100 km east of snake due to weather ( too hot also too cold , was clear but too overcast , too dry with rain , unlimited ceiling with low cloud cover etc. ), 
  claims that purchasing multi-million dollar , high-tech snake-killing device will enable it in the future to kill all snakes and achieve a revolution in military affairs 19 . 
  ah-64 apache pilot : unable to locate snake with infra-red equipment . 
  infrared only operable in desert aos without power lines or sams 20 . 
  uh-60 blackhawk pilot : finds snake on fourth pass after snake builds bonfire , pops smoke , lays out vs 17 to mark landing zone . 
  rotor wash blows snake into fire 21 . 
  b-52 pilot : pulls arclight mission on snake , kills snake and every other living thing within twenty miles of target 22 . 
  minuteman missile crew : lays in target coordinates to snake in 20 seconds , but ca n't receive authorisation from national command authority to use nuclear weapons 23 . 
  intelligence officer : snake ? 
  what snake ? 
  only four of 35 indicators of snake activity are currently active . 
  we assess the potential for snake activity as low 24 . 
  judge advocate general ( jag ) : snake declines to bite , citing grounds of professional courtesy 25 . 
  signal : tries to communicate with snake ... repeatedly fails attempts . 
  complains the snake did not have the correct fill or did not know how to work comms . 
  signal officer informs the commander that he could easily communicate with the snake using just his voice . 
  commander insists that he needs to video-conference with the snake , with rts positional and logistical data on the snake displayed on video screens ( on either side ) . 
  gives signal corps $ 5 billion to make this happen . 
  sigo abuses the 2 smart people in the corps to make it happen , while everybody else stands around , bitches , and takes credit . 
  in the end , sub-contractors make a few billion dollars , the 2 smart people go to work for them , and the commander gets what he asked for only in fiber-optic based simulations . 
  the snake gives birth to 32 offspring . 
   traductors have been specifically ordered not to tell them they won \u00b4 t be taken to germany and since _ we _ know , it 's safe to assume _ everybody _ knows . 
  the absurdity of this whole shitstorm is just mind-boggling . 
  anything with the initials ttip must go !, 
  maybe it qualifies as tearing . 
  any gynaecologists present ? 
  the police did intentionally use tear gas in an area where children were present . 
  of course , the title wording is suggestive of _ something else _ . 
  in other news , things that insult people are a trigger for people . 
  see the whole story at 20:00 . 
  everyone can become angry when they feel their personal beliefs are offended . 
  this is n't a trait of muslims alone . 
  you 'd be pleased to know there 's an oktoberfest soon , for the eighth time so far , held in the west bank , in a lovely palestinian brewery . 
  the islamic attitude to alcohol is a very relaxed one nowadays - i for one have never encountered a muslim neighbour who has shunned alcohol in general , even though some did ( or do ) so during the ramadan . 
   said that oktoberfest is offensive and intolerant towards muslims if you summed it up in less than half a sentence , that 's probably not what they said . 
   i said that if they did n't like our culture they could fuck off and i did n't want them here . 
  one of them became even angrier and punched me in the face . 
  you acted like a dick , and the other guy acted like a dick , and you got treated like a dick . 
  very old testament . 
  funniest comment today , 10/10 . 
  germany is doing fine , really . 
  despite pushing their various agendas - which is what any nation does - they are doing much better than the ever-threatened uk or the lets-cater-to-everybody france . 
  germany is actually the least pc about this immigration issue and its ramifications on discrimination . 
  what makes you think they 're pc about it , when even the chancellor goes on tv and makes very clear cut out statements about what kind of behaviour they want to project ? 
  well then , that settles it !, 
  we can call this headline a scientific law !, 
  you probably wrote `` sections of the left '' where what you meant was `` certain individuals '' . 
  i wo n't tell anyone . 
  you 're fine . 
  would you complain about it ? 
  wear and tear might get into some of them , but they 're very simple mechanisms , unlikely to suffer a lot because of environmental damage - which is , of course , a desirable property for a mine in the first place . 
  in other words , going is much easier than not going . 
  the same could be said about syria instead of croatia . 
  funny how war works . 
  what has orban solved ? 
  `` humanitarian help '' is a band-aid . 
  it does n't even push back the need for a solution . 
  distribution of immigrants is necessary , but good luck getting _ anybody _ to acknowledge this . 
  you forgot `` glory to arstotzka '' . 
  take him away . 
  nah , it 's fine , we can totally build a wall around the med . 
  just the _ will _ to `` protect our peoples '' is enough . 
  you would not be british if you did n't . 
  your summary presents certain assumptions as facts . 
  wrong choice of words - this will backfire on her party . 
  sharma is a brahmin surname , you 're thinking of _ shawarma _ , but it 's fine , a syllable wo n't stop you from making uninformed comments about stereotypical caricatures to which you match real people . 
   i 'm more curious about their morbid obsession with eastern europe . 
  why do they care so much ? 
   why did the us care about kosovo ? 
  in there is your answer . 
  of course , `` witnesses '' have a complete , representative , and objective view of the situation . 
  europol would have grandparent 's id in 15 minutes after they took a photo ( or fingerprints ) of him . 
   i am also a liberal and an atheist , i only mention that for full disclosure so you know where my two cents are coming from . 
  you are aware , of course , that your personal choices do not matter unless your opinion is already compromised by them , right ? 
  hell , why not 500k ? 
  why . 
  not . 
  million . 
  thank you very much for the comment and thanks for removing the post so promptly !, 
  it was just a simple , if crude , experiment which will not be repeated . 
  cheers !, 
  good morning sir , do you have a minute to talk about the concept of wages ? 
  as part of military service , i was trained in handling weapons and have fired a few : rifles ( ca n't remember which , i guess it was the standard hk g3a3 ) , m60 machine gun , a barrett m95 a few times .
