  so we conclude this type of distinction is not useful when defining hate speech . 
  the alternative , you say can easily be misappropriated ; even if we would accept this notion , there are other structures in place to prevent the misuse of power by the executive branch . 
  what do you define as `` threatening speech '' ? 
  this is rather new in this whole conversation , i think . 
  is it related to `` hate speech '' ( which is quite precisely defined ) at all ? 
  fyi , threatening to do something is rarely punishable by a court - contrary to inciting violence . 
  . . if you discount tax . 
  typically , hate speech is exempted from `` free speech '' provisions . 
  this is the case in greece , for instance . 
  are you saying there are n't good reasons for that ? 
  typically , hate speech is exempted from `` free speech '' provisions . 
  are you saying there are n't good reasons for that ? 
  legal coverage of their ass , it 's standard practice . 
  haha , best thing to come out of / r/europe in months , cheers . 
  everything created using the `` kill all '' template is . 
  even if it said so , it 'd be false . 
  so there 's that . 
  afghanistan is safe !, 
  reddit saves the day again !, 
  oh _ besides _ the danger of deadly harm and fleeing persecution ? 
  _ besides _ those ? 
  no , probably no . 
   who even thinks about that as a 10 year old . 
  10 year olds who give a fuck about what happens next to them , where they live , what their parents do ? 
  no , of course not . 
  that does n't fit the narrative . 
  _ 10-year-olds must be stupid _ . 
  please , the catholics are schooling the rest of the world in paedophilia . 
  no , it just needs to be vocal enough ... 
  the assumption behind your whole rant is that _ every change is bad _ . 
  which it is not . 
  good day . 
  ask them . 
  next !, 
  and both can be irrelevant . 
  shh , it 's better to get hung up on a couple words ' meaning , and act as if their misuse invalidates statistics . 
  it 's irrelevant , obama reiterated what he had already stated back in july & february , and what tsipras says is inconsequential . 
  1 ) you can find out about schengen by actually reading [ about it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_agreement ) , including the [ actual text ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=celex:42000a0922%2801%29:en:not ) . 
  no , asylum seekers & migrants do not `` get a european passport '' . 
  there is no such thing as a `` european passport '' . 
  to be granted a passport of a country which belongs to the eu you have to pass their citizenship requirements . 
  asylum grants involve a residence permit , not a passport , not citizenship - all these are orthogonal . 
  2 ) this has nothing to do with the schengen agreement . 
  ask the hungarian authorities for insight into what they _ want _ . 
  3 ) in some countries , yes . 
  again , you are asking about two orthogonal issues - the border fence is not there to deter asylum seekers , but allegedly reduce the inflow of illegal migrants in the countries that built them . 
  his past actions speak `` scum '' , that 's all there 's to be said about him . 
  author just does n't have a clue . 
  of course , those were n't part of the state budget !, 
  privatisation ftw . 
  if recent projects in gr are any indication , the state would n't even account for the power required to run the computers . 
  ( yes , it happened ), 
  they 're members of your society and voters . 
  i ca n't understand why you think you live in a bubble isolated from them . 
  demonstrating the words of the great philosopher : `` i ca n't see you , therefore you do n't exist . 
  it will be gifted to them . 
  ca n't tell if you 're joking or sincerely suggesting a syrian refugee gives a fuck about what germany thinks he should do . 
  ah , truly , we are quite nostalgic of their weapons manufacturers and trade , are we not ? 
  `` next-wave coffee '' for arabica , bwahahahah . 
  you can be sophisticated and still know next to nothing about coffee , huh . 
  the general structure is quite alike , but english is much simpler . 
  yes , fuck them . 
  automate or be automated . 
   languages need to be curated well that is impossible _ and _ infeasible . 
  glad we solved at least one problem today . 
  also a control room , do n't tell me you did n't get that . 
  politics does n't work like courts do . 
  edgy . 
  in some cases , sure - see child endangerment . 
  of course it 's not as simple as that , you need some sort of proof ( i forget the legal term ) . 
  i do n't see where i implied anything contrary to what you wrote . 
  you probably meant to reply to some other comment . 
  good - debt relief should not be granted until the agreed-upon reforms are passed as law . 
  the third bail out has solved no issues whatsoever other than preventing an imminent bank collapse . 
  the greek state promised to legislate to solve issues , which they have _ not _ done so far . 
  still not quite as bad as durian . 
  britain has a tradition for that sort of thing . 
  you guys kinda prefer common sense in _ enforcement _ , which is definitely a good thing . 
  well , surely we 're sort of biased , as we probably think all the `` weird '' dishes are normal ? 
  anyway , i 've heard of people grossing out about eating snails , which are a delicacy in greece . 
  also about sausages , some of which contain blood ( link in another comment ) and intestines ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casing_ ( sausage ) ) . 
  i pity anyone who thinks of society as bubbles . 
  they do n't want to die so they can have more money !, 
  i 'd send you some photos from people searching bins around here - they 're plentiful - but you 're obviously trolling . 
  go away . 
  ` here ' is not some 3rd world country . 
  in reddit today : starving people do n't exist . 
  you 're correct , we do n't enjoy a formally declared alliance , but we do have excellent diplomatic relations - on par with cyprus , israel , and armenia , but those countries do not offer the advantages russia does . 
  there 's no incentive for gr to leave nato or eu and `` join '' russia , that would be harmful to all three sides and russia has never requested anything like that . 
  as for tsipras ' recent attempts to secure aid from russia , they were not serious and nobody would take them seriously , when at the same time we requested similar aid from azerbaijan _ for free _ . 
  it was just a foolish act of desperation . 
  by `` who '' i assume you mean `` what country '' . 
  i think i 'll surprise a lot by saying greece 's most important ally is russia , and here 's why : - we 're one of the very few european nations with good relations to them . 
  this puts us in a very precarious position diplomatically - as evidenced by the whole eu sanctions fiasco last year - but potentially very profitable , if we were to play the role of balancing , hell why not even mediating , usa-eu-russia relations . 
  when allowed by our own incompetence , that is . 
  - our relationship is historically very good and stable . 
  trade , military , and scientific partnerships with russia have helped us immensely , and russian investments in greece are increasing . 
  - we have had very few , if any , major diplomatic or espionage related incidents . 
  although it would be foolish to claim there are n't any operations conducted , appearances play a very big role in international politics , and the image of greece as a stable ally of russia in eu helps reinforce point # 1 - given greece 's sensitive position , and past history which has shown it to be vulnerable to british - us influence , it is important to show they are n't the only ones which dictate things in gr . 
  yes , it would be even better to actually be able to dictate less in the directions gr is taking , but let 's be realistic .
