  it 's all very complicated and subjective . 
  the effect of the kind of mass attack being made here is to make people think it 's obvious and objective for the greeks to be asking for their standard of living to remain undisturbed by prescribing more cash to flow through the slovakian pension system ( another interpretation that just ca n't be debunked enough , it seems ) , thus setting the stage for more future mass media idiocies like this one . 
  people who use this argument to get what they want are just childish , but people who actually think this way are just useless . 
  let 's all suffer , yeah !, 
   it was not completely failsafe for sure , it never is , but you guys are doing great work . 
  certainly something to be applauded . 
  that was $ 22bn in cash , ( to be ) used as liquidity by banks . 
  [ original article ] ( http://www.tovima.gr/politics/article/?aid=723482 ) by the newspaper `` to vima '' . 
  i 'll let someone else comment on dol 's ( its owner ) credibility . 
  i did not expect to see the czech republic in that position . 
  awesome . 
  _ sigh _ yes , scientists like dr. stefan heuser , hans g\u00fcnter ulrich , dr. ruth rubio marin , dr. maarten den heijer , only a handful i can recall right now . 
  lawyers , professors , political scientists . 
  there 's heaps of bibliography on human rights as they pertain to immigration and state responsibility . 
  now go troll someone else . 
   this is where we do n't agree . 
  you 're right . 
   refugess are not responsibility thankfully , there 's a whole bunch of agencies and scientists who disagree with that , too . 
   for some unknown reason now poland or finland `` needs '' to get their share of refuges because eu !!, 
  a union without shared responsibilities is not a union . 
   for refugees , which still has to go through the process of determining if they can stay , yes . 
  highly inefficient to provide housing and spread them around if they could be deported within a year . 
  after they get a staying permit , in most countries , shortly after ( with priority over everybody else ) they get a house assigned . 
   i still do n't see _ why _ it 's inefficient . 
  are greek-like camps any more efficient , for instance ? 
  in what way ( s ) ? 
   no , you 're right . 
  currently , in my opinion , the immigration policy is inefficient , unsustainable , no equality between all refugees , illegality is rewarded , a strain on our economical , political and social stability of our countries . 
  and it does n't solve the problem at the route . 
  i 'm an advocate for a more australian/canadian ( i think ) / japanese system . 
  i agree with that , i think the dublin regulation is completely illogical . 
  do n't compare . 
  your point is valid , but do n't resort to comparisons for validation , it 'll only hurt your argument because it 's not sound logic . 
  there are more things different between countries than similarities , and there 's no case to be made that one country can recover in the same way ( s ) as others . 
   basically this is simply not possible and highly inefficient . 
  are you saying normal housing situations are inefficient , or that they 're inefficient for refugees - in the second case , what makes it inefficient for refugees in particular ? 
  your ` open the flood gates ' suggests to me you 're biased in thinking accepting immigrants is necessarily bad . 
  that 's just my interpretation , though . 
  maybe you meant something completely different ? 
  eh , i ca n't speak 13 languages . 
  i 'm going to click something else . 
  i just adore your tautological comments . 
  they 're very comfortable and soothing , sort of like white noise . 
   spiegel : do you know something about your readers ? 
   assange : not much , we do n't spy on them . 
  but what we do know is that most of our readers come from india , closely followed by the united states . 
  we also have quite a number of readers who search for persons . 
  the sister is getting married and someone wants to check the groom . 
  or someone is negotiating a business deal and wants to know something about his potential partner or a bureaucrat he has to talk to . 
  i love this part . 
  we do n't know much about our readers , except when we want to give creepy and specific examples . 
  fuck you too wikileaks . 
  and why does revenue drop ? 
  welcome to the end of the thought process . 
  it 's not a budget-buster , but it is extremely important . 
  let me put the problem in simple words for you to understand : the complexity of the task undertaken by the gr land registry is grossly underestimated in cost - both material and immaterial , thus it is taking longer to complete . 
  i hope we 're done here . 
  your proposal seems comprehensive . 
  where are the numbers ? 
  the soldier is [ charles domery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_domery ) , event was the war of the first coalition . 
  there 's no reason to continue this . 
  which says a lot about polls . 
  get out of here , your logic does n't comply with our polling material . 
  of the countries you mention , only poland has n't lent money to greece . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed ), 
  i already explained what creditors are doing wrong . 
   link 1 [ 1 ] . 
  thanks for this . 
  i still do n't understand why you 're being so aggressive - i simply asked for some help to understand what the problem is . 
  am i expected to know of all the problems in modern greece , or does my flair make me an expert on them somehow ? 
  i do n't see how your question on britain/sweden is related to anything i wrote . 
  to clarify , i was commenting on creditor incentives , regardless of nationality or participation in a union . 
   yes , i can create a website for illegal immigrant registration , it does n't mean that illegal immigrants are going to registrate . 
  the article point out that the system does n't work , like a lot of other things in greece . 
  please , google it , if you do n't belive me . 
  most buildings are not registred , and they do not pay taxes on their land . 
  why do you claim that the fact that they have a website means that the system work ? 
  let 's start over . 
  the land registry , the website of which i linked to , exists . 
  it is mandatory to register your owned property with them - which i have done , which is how i know it exists , in addition to the [ relevant laws ] ( http://www.okxe.gr/el/arxiki-selida/nomothesia ) about its establishment and operation . 
  through it , i submit my rent agreement electronically to the irs , and i suppose since my landlord has also registered my apartment as well , it 's automatically submitted with my tax form , and she pays the tax you referred to ( `` submitted with the electricity bill '' - this no longer applies , even if it did for the first 4-6 months after the tax was introduced , now the process is transparent and separate from whether the land makes use of electricity or not ) . 
  if there 's a shortcoming of this system , i do n't know of it , and the article does not specify . 
  it makes very vague claims which , as i pointed out , i ca n't confirm with its links to sources ( 404 ) . 
   it does n't exist and they still do n't pay taxes ? 
  as mentioned in the article . 
  instead they have to pay some extra tax on the electricity . 
   i 'm sorry , i do n't follow . 
  why are you conflating these two ? 
  plus , the land registry does exist - i pointed you to their website - i 'm not sure why the article says it does n't exist . 
  maybe it 's referring to something else i misunderstand as `` land registry '' ? 
  edit : specifically , i was counting on the references in the last paragraph of the article to find out why the land registry seems to be on hold etc. 
  but both the links point to nonexistent pages . 
  the first one is even supposed to be on openeurope itself !, 
   because , it is nobody 's business unless they want someone else to pay for it . 
  i do n't care if the danes for example were to spend 30 % of their budget on housing , and 30 % of their budget on pensions - they do n't ask for money , they give . 
  it is when greece want money , to cover their pensions it is relevant . 
  and - we are not a political union , nor a financial one . 
  each country is supposed to cover their own costs . 
  if one want to change that , there need to be public referendums , new treaties etc. 
  until then greece can cover their own costs .
