  firstly , even if you had a definition of `` massive demographic change '' , you ca n't prove it has any sort of disadvantageous effects on society . 
  in fact , the opposite is true : we 've seen nationalism ruin countries over and over again throughout history . 
  the social and psychological benefits of multiculturalism , on the other hand , are well studied and documented . 
  i know you 're trying to approach it rationally , but we know from experience ( world-wide ) that migrants not only want , but _ need _ to integrate . 
  first and primarily in the workforce and linguistically - the two are interdependent with their survival . 
  we will see few shops written in a language we do n't understand , because shops need to be marketed in languages we _ do _ understand - and i do n't think anybody can make the argument that maybe me learning chinese from the chinese shop around the corner is in any way bad for anyone . 
  migrants will learn our language , because they need it to seek jobs , barter , every day life . 
  at the same time , they will form communities with people they share a language or country of origin ( most likely ) exactly because it makes communication easier , and it makes _ integration _ easier , too !, 
  by becoming part of a community which has closer ties to the native one than you do , all sorts of mechanisms become available to you : you 're able to find work more easily , more opportunities will present themselves to you , the community will guide you through finding a home and a permanent job , entertainment and maybe schooling , and so forth . 
  all of this is documented and even if it were n't , i bet you can witness it every day . 
  the resentment for immigrants is simply fear of the unknown , be it culture or skin colour or language . 
  people resent the two pakistani guys speaking in their native language on the bus not because they do n't understand them , but because they fear what they _ think they might be saying _ . 
  that 's a completely irrational pathology . 
  now if you wanted to make the argument that pathology is carefully cultivated in our societies ... yes , yes it is . 
  you are a racist by definition , not by majority . 
  _ on the contrary , my friend ! _, 
  # 200 prostitutes ? 
  damn , those were some cheap ass hoes !, 
  anywhere [ 1 ] you study , you will find there 's no `` best '' until you 've defined your criteria for it . 
  [ 1 ] besides art colleges ? 
  world war world series , population : eu . 
  not all - there 's those of us who 're still looking to relocate . 
  yeah , stop shaming the racists !, 
   to warm you up for the discussion ? 
  essentially , yes - go in the comments with a gun purchased already . 
   we 're not babies , thankyouverymuch . 
  a much underappreciated fact , is n't it ? 
  then how about `` opinion piece '' , which is , coincidentally , the commonly used term for the pieces you described ? 
  for _ and _ against !, 
  for the love of god , will this farce never end ? 
  another redditor responding to another redditor as if they represent a whole country _ and _ its government . 
  thanks for reaffirming my thoughts that my comments were of no help to anybody . 
  you 're just preaching , and it 's not a serious argument . 
  nobody 's arguing or justifying corruption , or against paying taxes/loans or whatever the heck , and i do n't see why you think we do when i try to point out that our choices in this matter as civilians are _ limited _ . 
  if someone is , like i said , i would bet my money they 're as crooked as a corkscrew . 
  when you think you 're cauterising a problem by pointing out we should adjust our standard of living , you have n't taken two things into account : a ) what you perceive as our ` standard of living ' does not exist right now , it has been annihilated . 
  our ` standard of living ' is closer to rural johannesburg right now than a typical first world country , barring the electrocuted fences . 
  the fact you continue to lecture a commenter about it shows that you built a weapon before the fight , because you feel our standard of living is too high . 
  you 've read about the tax evaders , who of course build a life beyond their means by not attributing their share to the state , and you 've extrapolated to everyone with a little greek flag on their flair in a small online forum , as if they 're representative of anything b ) i can understand a written comment , written word , can be difficult to read - i do n't expect you to _ get _ the people who actually want to help their country , or _ a country _ , step out of actual fucking hell from their written word - and intent is often hard to decipher . 
  yet i fail to see the slightest hint , in my comment , of apology . 
  i 'm not apologetic of tax evaders , i wo n't be apologetic of corrupted officials , and i do n't think i need to go on about that . 
  i chose the least loaded terms to describe what people like young businessmen trying to establish a living in this country fight against and least suggestive of all while still communicating any information at all . 
  there is no logical connection between them and an apology about how i want _ any part _ of my 2008 standard of living to remain where you perceive it ( i chose 2008 because it 's about the last time i could still _ save _ in a savings account ) , or how i do n't want my country to pay its debt , or how i want germany to pay for my deposits , or whatever misinformed opinions exist in this subreddit - bless us , we see a new one every day . 
  but enough is enough ; you have no point to make when you stand religiously on your moral pedestal and use the accusative try to maintain your incorrect extrapolation . 
  you know exactly what 's going on when a country that seethes of corruption establishes benefits for bus drivers : they 're gaining or maintaining an electorate . 
  you also know voters do n't form spending policies in a country ruled by the clientele , yet you write like you do n't . 
  you prefer to extrapolate though , rather than acknowledging there is any hint of a dissenting opinion in greece , because it suits the argument . 
  you choose to ignore that corruption is [ actively ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/07/23/greek-tax-office-freezes-410-doctors-suspicious-accounts/ ) being fought against . 
  you choose to accuse `` greek people '' who `` know who 's responsible '' instead of acknowledging any facts contrary to your sweeping generalisations . 
  the same arguments , incidentally , do n't want immigrants inside the eu , but would welcome their tuition fees in a french or belgian university . 
  this is not a situation demanding or even aided by religious `` he who is not with me is against me '' rhetoric , and i do n't care for it , either . 
  if you want to preach against state corruption and perverse legislation , go right ahead , i 'm totally with you , but do n't preach to somebody who 's trying to clarify what the words you spew out actually mean , in a context you have no idea of . 
   then you should adjust your standard of living accordingly . 
  unbelievable . 
  i try to participate in a rational discussion , and you turn it against our `` standard of living '' . 
  i actually started writing a much larger comment , but i realised it wo n't be of any help to anybody . 
  instead , a few words . 
  i do n't know if you realise this , mate , but no actually sane person thinks premiums like the one you mentioned are _ fair _ , _ beneficial _ , or even _ necessary _ . 
  the fact that a body legislated for it or a company chose to reward its drivers in such a way ( i do n't even know which ) does n't mean a random commenter on reddit endorses it when they try to respond to how _ emigration is a way out _ , a sentence focusing so much on self-interest and so little on what is so hypocritically called out as the `` common good '' by our eu officials , that anybody with an ax to grind , like yourself , could argue it borders on negligence , and one could certainly draw a parallel between it and tax evasion . 
  no sane person is arguing against the proven inefficiency of our public sector , either . 
  nobody 's arguing with the levels of tax evasion in gr . 
  if they are , i 'd bet my last $ they 're as crooked as a corkscrew . 
  that 's it . 
  have a good one . 
  no , it certainly wo n't help now . 
  even with a new currency , there would be significant depression before any recovery , that much is obvious . 
  it could 've helped if we had the choice at the beginning of the crisis , at the same spot where finland is now - that much is obvious as well . 
  i 'm sorry , what is _ this _ referring to ? 
  the current situation ? 
  no , i do n't see in what way it is easy . 
   they have it in their own hands what they do . 
  no , we do not . 
  for instance , we ca n't choose an easier way out of the depression by devaluing our currency . 
  likewise , we have limited choices when it comes to our startups , attracting foreign capital , etc. 
  and emigration really is n't the easy way out as you paint it . 
  ideally , they would not . 
  however , do n't look for reason in surveillance legislation - have you watched the sjc committee on encryption ? 
  the misunderstanding of modern tech is astounding - until experts are even asked to help with it . . 
  pierre was the first caricature that came to mind . 
  props . 
  it was definitely ruined by a volcano :p , and there 's absolutely no way for it to have been presentable to an audience if it was left in its state after excavations . 
  it 's just a weird mix of archaeological findings , fantasy , and modern attempts at preservation - for me , anyway . 
  the eiffel tower . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  i know exactly what you mean . 
  i 've tried visiting it 6 or 7 times , each one left me more disappointed than the last . 
   also , this will hurt the french economy because tourists are going to avoid france next year . 
  because logic . 
  keep moving the goalposts , buddy . 
  i think i 've read enough already . 
  i do n't see your point : are you agreeing with the slovakian pm , or not ? 
  a crumbling medical system , [ highest unemployment in eu ] ( https://i.imgur.com/yph8aiz.png ) , etc. 
  are n't suffering because they 're business as usual in eastern europe ? 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
  are people supposed to shut up and take it because the same shit has been happening for decades ? 
  this is petty vengeful bullshit . 
  it 's having a preconceived notion of a mechanism and explaining everything through it . 
  there 's a lot more going on in this situation than our standard of living . 
  that limited interpretation comes from people 's predisposition to look for it . 
  we could reason our way to any interpretation of the greek government 's rhetoric , and people forget that they usually have an end in mind ( both as a listener and a speaker ) , then they forget that they are reifying their chain of inference into an instrument of the impetus for their thinking .
