yep and people still wont listen until some bad election happens . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things, 
  it 's real simple , you need to maintain a political/ideological balance . 
  ukip , afk , fn nationalists are a reaction to the globalism by the left liberals , if you can keep that balance in the political system you should be ok . 
  but if the liberal left keeps pushing the globalist agenda and demonising nationalists/patriots a brexit/trump will happen in europe . 
  there 's nothing wrong with moderate nationalism . 
  this all hinges on europe stopping the brexit , trump trend . 
  people are still in denial about these issues, 
  that 's only the beginning, 
  here 's google autocomplete from australia : - why are the british called poms - why are the british leaving australia - why are the british leaving perth - why are the british so good at the olympics - why are the british so good at sport - why are the british so reserved - why are the british called tommies - why are brits so ugly - why are british people so rude - why are britain leaving the eu - why are british elections held on a thursday - why are brits racist - why are brits always the bad guys - why are brits applying for irish passports - why are brits stupid - why are brits so fat - why are british values important - why is the uk parliament so small - why is the uk considering leaving the eu - why is the uk leaving europe - why is the united kingdom called a unitary government - why is the united kingdom called great britain in the olympics, 
  wow greece is one of the lowest & considering they have a fiscal crisis gg, 
  ahaha ... funny seeing reddit libtards in denial that he might win just like with the donald . 
  libtards are getting their just desserts, 
  there 's a small splinter ground in australia too be it small one, 
  start a new country xd, 
  it 's not what you think , check the polls . 
  clearly there 's swing against merkel because of her failed immigration policy . 
  look at the facts , you 're in denial, 
  claim i 'm ` white nationalist ' without any proof and throw insults . 
  is it because i 'm australian , that 's racist . 
  i guess europe is doomed after all, 
  maybe they 're scared of another attack what 's your point ? 
  this does n't prove anything , the proof will be in the 2017 election, 
  well we 've thwarted every terrorist plot except for one so we must be doing something right, 
  what 's wrong with nationalism , he 's right though . 
  if nationalism means standing up for statehood and the values that make this country and that our ancestors fought for then great that by all means call me a nationalist . 
  merkel 's open door policy is liberal extremism , banning immigration is conversation extemeism . 
  this is a clear response to merkel 's left extremist policy . 
  you bring up ` white nationalists ' assuming i 'm white but in fact i am an arab . 
  given a choice arabs would wa n't to go home to their country , there is a massive cultural divide between western society and arab culture . 
  i argue that the premise of mass immigration is irresponsible regardless of state if sanctioning it , you need calibrated responsible immigration . 
  it 's not about any one particular country . 
  mass immigration is just a bad idea in general . 
  it 's puts a strain on tax payers who have to fund it if migrants ca n't find work . 
  it puts stress on employment , housing . 
  i am an arab i can tell you their is a vast cultural difference between western society and eastern culture and you will have problems in a decade or two you just do n't realise this , but hey it 's your choice . 
  i 'm glad that i live in a country with responsible immigration policies . 
  open door policy is an example of liberal extremism , these protesters might be right extreme but it 's in response to this irresponsible policy by merkel, 
  i fear for europe . 
  if europe continues it 's path further to the liberal left there will be another hilter . 
  the political balance is going to make a correction to the right in a big way if europe ca n't get a handle on this . 
  the liberal left media will be the reason, 
  but merkel is sanctioning mass legal migration , what a terrible idea, 
  i have arab heritage , not ignorant it 's all true mass unchecked migration will be the end of europe, 
  if they integrate to the culture yes , by mass unchecked migration is a disaster you watch . 
  in a decade or 2 europe will be dead . 
  i 'm not from europe but i 'm glad where i 'm from we have decent immigration policies, 
  keep telling yourself that , i am an arab who has family in the east , the culture is crazy . 
  the town areas are filled with garbage and have no respect for rule of law , if your white they might think your jewish and get attacked , europe is dead , these attacks will continue unless their serious about it . 
  saying breitbart is not news is the same as saying cnn , salon , vox , the guardian , they all have bias so of course people from the opposite side of the political specrum are gon na say `` its not a real news site '' . 
  i use to follow breitbart they had some interesting things from a conservitve perspective not all news on a site is equal and just because 1 piece is controversial it does n't discredit other articles . 
  like i say `` buzzfeed '' is not a news site but many people still take their talking points from buzzfeed and they call themselves a news site, 
  yea and if you criticise islam you are labelled racist and crap . 
  i am half arab , but this is what happens when you take peeps from countries that have terrible human rights records for women . 
  my mum who is a native arab keep telling me `` islam would never take over '' and i told her that would never happen the people would never accept it . 
  i am shocked to hear here warnings are coming true and people are n't doing anything about it . 
  really hot , it reached 37c today in victoria, 
  why are people getting offended by these comments , ca n't people understand political rhetoric . 
  go back and study english literature, 
  but they wo n't offer any solutions because they are to afraid of pc outrage, 
  indeed, 
  in australia we have the `` carols by candlelight '' which is a musical performance that happens all across the country in cities & towns with the biggest event on christmas eve , it 's on right now and broadcast across the nation . 
  christmas dinner is not complete without bonbons . 
  usually for christmas eve we have bbq and traditional ham for christmas . 
  26th the day after christmas is boxing day when all the sales are on . 
  this is why europe is doomed to fail . 
  nationalism is not a bad thing . 
  it is extreme nationalism that is the problem , everything in moderation is the key . 
  nationalism is not the problem . 
  extreme nationalism is , i would consider myself an australian nationalist because i love this country and it 's values but when you oppress any form of nationalism and patriotism even the moderate ones this is exactly what happened in the us with the `` deplorables '' . 
  because muslim societies have a great track record of freedom . 
  the doctrine of islam believes that islam and the state should be one . 
  wo n't work until you fix immigration, 
  pc stiffles debate , there needs to be serious debate on immigration policy but its too pc to discuss, 
  germany needs to take a hardline approach without impacting citizens rights . 
  i think they still can maintain a better balance . 
  stop pc immediately and let the media do it 's job, 
  i said this a while ago . 
  political correctness is a bigger threat than isis . 
  isis is like ww1/2 and political correctness is like the vietnam war . 
  at least with isis there a clear threat while pc is guerrilla tactics that kills you from within, 
  it was suppose to be a test of how confident you are that it is not islamic terrorism . 
  in society we seem to have a view that all religious groups are equally likely to commit acts of terrorism when in fact looking at the numbers and the current trends it 's simply not true , and this political correct mindset needs to change if you want to solve the core issue here . 
  hence i ask `` would you take the bet '' i would . 
  are you willing to bet on it ? 
  sorry to burst your bubble 2017 is going to be worse , because the mainstream pollies are hopeless, 
  haha ... that 's exactly what happened with trump . 
  no one wanted to talk to trump voters because they did n't want to listen, 
  hahahahahahahaha ... . that 's exactly what they said about trump . 
  history repeats itself and people will still never learn . 
  liberalism in it 's current form is a real problem . 
  i would classify them as anti-liberals . 
  the original definition of liberal , relating to individual liberties is something i believe in however with political correctness and identity politics they have tainted the definition of `` liberal '', 
  the irony here though is that clinton herself was playing the `` women card '' with all the ads about the `` first female president '' . 
  i think most people do n't care about having women as leaders , they just want someone they can rally behind that represent their views . 
  there are many reasons why people did n't like clinton . 
  the `` left '' is imploding , that 's why the far right is gaining traction . 
  they are their worse enemies, 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ]
