as other people said , it 's mostly policy in a lot of cases ... as in i have never seen austrian police alone and often in groups of 3-4 so it seems like they always patrol together , if countries allow them to patrol alone you would need less . 
  also as other people have commented some countries culturally want to see a bunch walking around ( even when they basically do nothing but help tourists find things ) . 
  yes and they are ( at least in granada ) extremely friendly and helpful if you are a tourist, 
  when charlie harbo was attacked it was a big social media thing to say `` je suis charlie '', 
  again look at the wiki page `` polish jokes '' i guess it was more of a us thing and prevalent more in the 70 's to 90 's but with most of the polish immigrants to the uk being lower skilled labor i kinda find it hard to believe that the people who hate them do n't perceive them as stupid or at least uneducated, 
  how old are you and what region ? 
  i also guess it 's more of an east coast thing ( ny , philly and other places where the polish settled ) either way there 's a whole wikipedia article on it so ... 
  i never said they believe it ... they just are aware of it . 
  i do n't think all germans are nazis ( i have a ton of german friends and my boyfriend is german ) but if you asked me to name a german stereotype ... well that would be one of them . 
  i 'm american , have been living in austria for 2 + years now and will be for at least 2 more ( hence the flair ), 
  might be an age thing but if you ask an american to name a polish stereotype 9/10 times they will say `` stupid '', 
  curious ? 
  do you accept that russia gave the missile that shot down the malaysian plane and killed all those people ? 
  very common in anglo-cultures including the us, 
  it already exists im sure, 
  i have a czech and croatian friend that claim they only understand half of each others language but then they constantly talk in czech in croation when there together lol, 
  that 's not the oed website lol oxford dictionaries = / = the oxford english dictionary . 
  you need a university or library subscription to view the oed . 
  it lists whom as `` no longer current in natural , colloquial speech '' ( in general ) and falling out of use in most registers , and i find the claim that you do n't speak in a colloquial manner in your day to day life really unlikely . 
  also i find it unlikely that you actually would use whom did you see ? 
  whom did you kiss ? 
  whom do you like ? 
  in your everyday life as this usage is virtually non existent in the us dialects nowadays . 
  do you not admit that almost all media , songs and books use `` who do you like ? '', 
  and so on ... ? 
  well , then i have to question if you are an actual native speaker as the oed lists it as already being obsolete in that context ... 
  for most of the history of english people had to say `` whom did you see ? '', 
  but when is the last time you honestly said that ? 
  vegas is probably the worst place to visit in the us , such an unholy shit hole, 
  well you have to realize they viewed it as stealing from the state ... like the state paid for your education and healthcare etc etc so you 're in debt and have to pay it back through working and not leaving, 
   it was and should still be used as a powerful tool for negotiations . 
  must, 
  back in america i was the pie maker of my friend group and there was always that guy, 
  depends , austria has tons of pretty fully immigrated muslims from bosnia/etc that came in the 90s, 
  tbh tho this argument doesnt work on most americans bc for them it 's about desirable immigration vs bad immigration . 
  americans have no problem with europeans , australians , etc immigrating . 
  agreed but in the original comment you 're answering to , i mistakenly thought we were talking about a texit , or caliexit not historically . 
  ah yeah but probably a hard comparison because ca has only been part of the us since 1848 ( part of mexico before that ) and texas since 1846 ( its own republic before that ) . 
  but really idk how disadvantaged they would have been if they were n't part of the us through the 20th century ... 
  ( ignore my flair , originally from the us , been living in at for 2 years now tho ) hmm , i think those are both states that could manage pretty well without the us . 
  california has so much industry and texas has oil . 
  but in the long run , i think texas would have a lot of problems , possibly including a war with mexico and no us aid . 
  but , who knows . 
  i just like aus edit : opps , i thought they meant a texit and caliexit not from a historical pov . 
  wheres that poland ball about this ? 
  `` austrians speak such bad german . '', 
  austria sang in french :d, 
  armenia was the best what are you talking about ?? 
  armenians song was the best !!, 
  on a side note armenia was robbed !, 
  easily the most interesting song and performance and the only one i could imagine actually being a hit . 
  the absolute loser gets to host now ? 
  wont it be interesting if ukraine brings it back to its roots ... no crazy effects or light shows just like 70 's on a stage and sing, 
  i know , i heard , i was just making a funny, 
  i know ... just a joke, 
  but nobody wants to fly there, 
  false !, 
  us english also has irregular verbs that uk english lacks . 
  dove , strove/striven , wet , quit and if you include dialect : snuck , drug , etc. 
  because theyre doing it greek / s, 
   burning saunas that heat over 60c . 
  :d would n't that be like an oven/smoker for making sausage and stuff ? 
  are you sure ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the strawberry lime is just cider made from apples with flavoring or brewed from a mix of strawberries and apples but not strawberries alone . 
  yeah i 'd like to see the wine and beer differences in the regions of austria . 
  yeah and ? 
  lol so all constitutions need every part to be decided by a referendum ? 
   irish is given recognition by the constitution of ireland as the national and first official language of the republic of ireland not the same as chinese . 
  why should some czech guy decide that ? 
  bc you 've been to dublin ? 
  so the government should be able to force people to not speak a language ? 
  the officially declared national language ? 
  yeah we 're talking about the small villages tho and the people that do speak it , so you 're basically saying the government should n't provide language support for people in those small villages ? 
  not try to right any wrongs of forced anglicization ? 
  not if you live somewhere where the people speak it as an everyday language ... sure most speak english too but it 's not what they want and you would miss out on a lot . 
  nope . 
  you ca n't . 
  you can get a lot but there 's no unit of measure for languages or recording them and without a unit you ca n't have 99 % of something ... so actually we have no idea how much we would lose . 
  but honestly why do you still even speak czech ? 
  it 's pretty useless language pretty much just for poor people anyway . 
  german is much better and affords you better opportunities . 
  nope . 
  you can not record the entirety of a language bc there 's almost infinite combinations of words , situations and contexts , new coinages , personal fiction etc etc. 
  any linguistics 101 course will tell you that . 
  because once a language is actually dead it can not truly be brought back to its original form . 
  see modern israeli hebrew , it 's quite different from biblical hebrew . 
  ecclesiastical latin is different from classical latin . 
  etc etc etc so irish is n't dead yet and can still be saved in its current form . 
  also were you not forced to take latin in school or what ? 
  because most people are . 
  imo no . 
  because even for a layover , you have to have to meet certain requirements for entering the us etc so to me that seems to make it not really a domestic flight . 
  some yes , bit others not really . 
  especially the ones that think canada is the 51st state anyway, 
  so the difference would be if people are denying climate change in 50 years when the effects are more obvious . 
  like if florida were under water and people still wanted to debate climate change , then there would be no point engaging them anymore . 
  people still wan na argue about the earth being flat too despite the pictures from space and all other solid proof . 
  to be fair , many words borrowed from french in english like * to try * have been so anglicized that there 's little worth in recognizing its connection to french outside of etymological interest . 
  adoption is part of normal partnership rights . 
  yeah so you are basically saying `` i have nothing against them and am for fair and just treatment except for one thing that they claim is part of just treatment and want for themselves and the vast majority of studies by reputable psychological organizations claim it is ok for the children and other countries have done it without problems but still i want them not to have that right ... but i 'm not biased against them . '',
