  lol your first comment specifically said  if they want to have an image of responsible and staid people which could be trusted to be given children to , should they at the same time promote the image of lustful and hedonist people ( just like techno parades participants ) ? 
  the way you use they makes it seem like all gay people decide these things and they are one unit . 
  i 'm upset that you think you get to decide what is full rights for gay people . 
  so you think all gay people vote and participate in these parades and if some vote no they do n't happen ? 
  so you think what some gay people do must reflect on all of them ? 
  i 'm gay and have never been to any sort of pride parade . 
  i 've been to poland btw and using your logic , i would think that poles are a hedonistic people who love cheap prostitution on the road , heroin and being lazy poor and uneducated and the women only want to marry foreign men ... lol / s also you think people that party sometimes ca n't stop and have children ? 
  you know that a huge amount of straight people go to raves and music festivals in europe ? 
  so they ca n't have children ? 
  do you know any gay parents ? 
  i do and they are all great and love their children so much . 
  you are just uncomfortable with gay people and `` oh the children '' is a good excuse for you to feel like you are justified . 
  yeah , i did n't mean to be overly critical ... but when the only thing lacking is one of the most important things it 's a bit disappointing . 
  yeah , did n't really mean it as anything other than a critic of the title !, 
  i 'm really happy and this is great for slovenia , 
   except the right to adopt children together then it 's a good start but not marriage lol, 
  they are christian parties as well . 
  not very extreme or anything but they need to keep their christian voters . 
  they ca n't adopt children together . 
  that 's a big deal for some gay couples that wan na start a family . 
  hey babe , those legs go all the way up ? 
  the turkey says `` gobble-gobble '', 
  * the duden !, 
  even in english !!, 
  what ? 
  less employees generally means that the employees have more power which leads to less middle men and less bureaucracy . 
  my experience with bureaucracy has always been that the person sitting in front of you at the office is n't actually the person you need or they want to push it onto another employee and you have to wait for them to get approval and/or for the other person to look at your paperwork but actually they are n't working today so we need to reroute the paperwork to a different office that 's responsible in that case but actually they are n't open on mondays so let 's wait and oh but sorry they do n't think they are responsible for that so now a week later we 'll try to send it to the first person who also says that somebody else needs to be consulted on the matter and so and so on . 
  sure , my point is tho that people on top do n't care . 
  but i emigrated bc i do . 
  my point was mostly that `` the americans are too ignorant argument '' is n't all that true, 
  for upper class americans that have great benefits through their job ( especially if they own a business or firm ) there 's a lot of benefits and it 's much better than most eu systems . 
  it just screws over the middle and lower classes , but a lot of americans have a sink or swim mentality . 
  i come from a relatively rich family in the us and my parents all have degrees in finance and are not ignorant but would never leave the us for a system like sweden 's ( unlike me who moved for ideological reasons ) . 
  the us is great for the extremely wealthy , hence why so many live there . 
  not an ancestor  both english and frisian developed out of anglo-frisian but both are equal daughter languages ( similar to how modern apes are not the ancestor to modern humans ... we just share ancestors ) . 
  basically because the latin alphabet was n't satisfactory for representing the phonology of the language ( in their eyes ) so they wanted a better script , probably . 
  sure , it 's wrong in all cases but there 's still a difference . 
  is n't salzburg considered west ? 
  it 's super common there . 
   proper english is n't an actual thing . 
  there are standards but none is more ` proper ' than the other . 
  proper is a subjective value judgement . 
  any linguistics 101 class will tell you that . 
  by the way , the oxford dictionary considers american english to be a completely valid standard dialect and records it as such . 
  yes , i think all of the different verb forms have minority usage in the other dialect ( dreamt , leapt , etc are not unheard of in many dialects of ame and google says dreamed and leaped can be found sometimes in bre ) but the forms preferred by the standard often does . 
  ( although i should n't have used ` snuck ' as an example because a lot of american style guides would also prefer sneaked . 
  yeah i was just going off of the wiki page that said americans use the present subjunctive in some cases more but obviously not a great source . 
  the main point of the original comment was about sth different anyway . 
  mainly that people see ` leaped , burned , learned ' and think all american verbs are simplified , but actually we use some irregular forms where bre uses regular ones . 
  of course it 's not important anyway bc both varieties do n't use one form 100 % of the time anyway, 
  you do n't speak proper english tho . 
  your english is full of americanisms . 
  look up `` yeah '' in the oed . 
  it lists it as an americanism . 
  i bet you say that a lot tho ? 
  google `` americanisms in british english '' and be amazed at all the articles that will show you how bre has been flooded with american english for sometime now . 
  do you say cupcake or fairy cake ? 
  yeah , that 's bad linguisitcs buddy and they make fun of people like you over at / r/badlinguisitics . 
  many dialects of a language can exist with difference standards and none is more correct than the other . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/badlinguistics/comments/369gcl/america_does_not_speak_englishamerica_speaks/ https://www.reddit.com/r/badlinguistics/comments/3pwoei/standard_english_is_english_american_english_is_a/?ref=search_posts, 
  yeah and the whole point of the thread tho was that it was n't ... 
  american english is self-regulated and in american standard english , it is perfectly fine . 
  if you look it up in the coca , you 'll find plenty examples of reputable american publications using the construction . 
  if you think bre is somehow more correct than ame , then you are just poorly informed about linguistics . 
  soccer is also used interchangeably in australia and new zealand as well ( have spent considerable time in australia ) . 
  the point is tho , that most british people think americans made up the word . 
  ah okay , but in ame `` they demanded us to be quiet . '', 
  is perfectly fine same with `` the thief demanded her to hand over the money . '', 
  as with stay vs stays , look at the wikipedia article on the english subjunctive . 
  it claims in bre many speakers use ` stays ' . 
  i assumed the info was correct . 
  preservation of the present subjunctive . 
  the forms would be like how ame used strove/striven , dove , pled , wet , bet , snuck , etc instead of the bre preferred strived , dived , pleaded , wetted , betted , sneaked , etc. 
  not more complicated but irregulars where bre prefers regular forms . 
  so basically the idea that ame always prefers simplified forms is n't true . 
  but the point is that most brits think soccer is an americanism when it is in fact originally a british term unlike `` yeah '' which the oed lists as originally an americanism ( but the americanisms the british like are n't destroying the language somehow ), 
  i might be wrong about the british stuff but i think i know my own american english pretty well ... 
  yeah at least in western austria it 's often * - l * or * - erl * , the latter of which is so cute , 
  yeah that 's past subjunctive and i believe that is actually more common in the uk as `` i wish i was '' is very common in coll . 
  they demanded us to be quiet is weird ? 
  can i ask if you 're a native speaker as this is the more common variant . 
  and according to wikipedia , `` stays '' is relatively common in bre but `` stay '' is more common in ame although i 'm sure there 's speakers of both who use the other form . 
  lol not if you live there and speak decently . 
  i speak german all day long and lots of austrians have told me that the appreciate somebody living here learning the language . 
  also depends on what you 're talking about . 
  lots of europeans only speak okay english and ca n't talk about subjects that require a c1 + level . 
  yeah , idk what your germans like but just know that the whole ` everybody speaks english ' is not really true . 
  yes for tourism / survival you can get by but for a genuine experience and to actually absorb the culture and get the most out of it , you got ta speak german pretty well . 
  i know , i 'm american too that 's why i wrote that ( i 've emigrated to austria hence the flair ), 
  i see the / s but to give an example ame preserves the present subjunctive in things like `` they demanded we be quiet '' or `` the doctor suggested he stay at home '' which many brits would perceive as wrong . 
  it 's a very common abbreviation , especially on the internet . 
  to be fair tho , american english actually preserves / innovated some verb forms which makes it more complicated in a lot of regards, 
  deff otherwise one of the kardashians would probably be on this map ( sad , but huge amount of preteen girls are super into the make up products and all that ), 
  username checks out, 
  it might not be worth striving for youth but idk i feel like people mostly strive for beauty and agelessness is n't gon na solve that, 
   try to fucking actually read the comment you 're replying to , as well as entire discussion take your own advice or think : a pregnant woman has unforeseen complications during labor . 
  a medical abortion can not help hr now . 
  if she never wanted the risks of pregnancy ( which are many ) she could 've had an on demand abortion and would be healthier . 
  but she lives in poland and did n't have the choice . 
  :( ( unforeseen means the doctor could n't know it would happen so she could n't get a sanctioned abortion . ),
