  what am i supposed to see ? 
  what a shitty clickbait article . 
  a minister has proposed to destroy smuggled food instead of returning it . 
  i think that program ended , but a lot of macedonians got eu citizenship and left to the west while it lasted . 
  the church still gets millions of government handouts though . 
  [ here 's a more detailed artice but it 's in bulgarian ] ( http://dnes.dir.bg/news/domakinstvo-knsb-izdrajka-jivot-19639215?nt=9 ) , 34 % are under the poverty line . 
  i used google translate :  still 80.9 % of households in bulgaria live with income per person below the means of subsistence living . 
  this conclusion shows the comparative analysis between the means of subsistence living and the data on the distribution of households by income groups income for the first quarter of 2015 , made by the institute for social and trade union research citub said violeta ivanova - researcher at the institute quoted by bta . 
  in normal life of four-person household ( two adults and two children ) in late june 2248 were required lev . 
  money is needed to cover family expenses for food , housing , health , education , recreation compared to the average bulgarian standards . 
  maintenance of the life of a man of the household at the end of june reached 561.90 lev also showed that the syndicate . 
  `` 34 % of income per household in the support for poor households - or two million and 460,000 bulgarians live income per household to 295 lev '' , said the leader of citub plamen dimitrov , which he said is an alarming trend . 
  households with income per person over the cost of living is around 19.2 per cent ( about 577,000 households ) . 
  analysis details trend to take into account a drop in the average levels of the cost of living , as in the second quarter , the decrease was 0.2 per cent compared to the previous quarter . 
  citub state that is usually in the second quarter to account retention or decrease in value the cost of living , the main reason is the seasonal decline in prices of food , especially fresh vegetables . 
  notably influenced by the decrease in the prices of heating an average of 6.2 % from the first of april this year , after last year reported growth by 4.5 % . 
  on an annual basis the cost of living into account a slight decline of 0.3 percent , after nearly a year and a half is a trend of steady decrease . 
  cost of living per household of low-income groups is reached 294 52 lev , which shows a decrease of 0.9 % compared to march this year and an increase of 1.9 percent compared to the same period of 2014 . 
  despite the fact that these social groups is a decrease in absolute terms , their share is almost two times greater than high-income groups . 
  the movement is more than low-income groups to srednodohodnite households , which is a positive indication , but given that about half of their income households gravitate between the poor maintenance and necessary means of subsistence , likely to fall into the group of poor again , take note of confederation . 
  the minimum wage is 50 % of the average minimum wage for full-time work in the first quarter of 2015 employed 248,019 or 11.5 percent of all employees . 
  compared to the same period last year increased by 2.4 % or about 6000 people , reported by the confederation . 
  the gradual increase in the minimum wage since the beginning of 2015 and with it the reached an average growth of 8.8 % compared to the previous year , is still too small and does not allow our country to get away from the bottom of the eu ranking , ivanova said . 
  citub want a phased increase in the minimum wage this fall by sectors with the aim of reaching 50 per cent in the average to the end of 2018 . 
  yeah , poor cartoon family , i 've actually seen some refugee like that here and nobody is hostile against them , but what about [ those guys ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax6kd0ksrym ), 
  in europe , caucasian is a term reserved for people from the caucasus region . 
  i 'm sitting in 30 degrees + here , 40 outside , no ac , i want to cool myself with the author 's blood . 
  on the other hand walking into the metro in the summer is like a airconditioned orgasm . 
  it 's still crippling in rural areas though . 
  w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk, 
  russia has lower unemployment than most of the eu and the second most immigrants in the world . 
  we often have the same discussion here - that products sold eu wide are much lower quality that in the western countries . 
  not sure how much of it is true , though . 
  9.5 % for malta . 
  we also have a ton of those anywhere in bulgaria . 
  any big chains are nonexistent in comparison . 
  it 's not a slogan , but i must add zhivkov 's `` some say our power is shaking . 
  the ram 's balls also shake , but they do n't fall ! '', 
  what they fear most is becoming like us . 
  while i understand very well why , spare me the part about feelings . 
  meanwhile ours still suck . 
  if you want to feel bad i can remind you that we have zero progress . 
  sorry i 'm just cynical because of what 's happening here . 
  if only we could be humiliated by getting tens of billions and investments in cheap loans ... 
  keep in mind that all parts of the justice system have approval ratings of 5-10 % with 60 % saying their works has a negative effect . 
  wait , from what i 'm reading this is a non-legislative vote on the eu 's negotiating positions , not a vote on the ttip itself , which is not ready . 
  i ca n't really as half of borisov 's opinions are shitposts . 
  nah athens would need to be nuked for that to happen . . 
  does that mean a return of border control ? 
  yeah , moscow also has a a good number of skyscrapers . 
  you can with first past the post voting . 
  do n't worry , you get used to it . 
  well , you do n't , but if you avoid doing anything outside during the heat it is possible to adapt . 
  it 's like that here every summer . 
  we win yet another chart . 
  where i 'm at the weather is literally perfect - sunny , but with a slight breeze and not too hot , so yeah i 'm just here to brag . 
  about how much does it cost to live in denmark ? 
  i doubt that right now is the best time for this , but the plan is to enter the euro by 2019 if i remember correctly . 
  also we love making councils where a bunch of people sit and get money so this is an expected move . 
  and our actions against corruption are about to start * any time now * . 
  just you wait . 
  although we actually are n't corrupt as our pm says . 
  you should have read the article . 
  they wo n't be in charge when its value plummets . 
  i 'd feel rich if i had $ 800 a month before tax and before necessities . 
  those guys are living in another world . 
  yeah there 's no way 315 euros is 27 % of the average income . 
  that would put average income at 1150 euros a month per household which is not true at all as 80 % of households live with under 300 euro per person monthly . 
  edit : although the rent itself seems rather higher than it should be, 
  this is the most useless bot ever . 
  yeah but i would n't force even my worst enemy to live on bulgarian pensions . 
  any americans here , please enlighten me , is that an article for your stereotypical ` libruls ' ? 
  seriously , that is a steaming pile of shit and i am dumber for just reading it . 
  no , you do n't get it . 
  those are migrants who will be relocated from italy and greece to other countries . 
  we are supposed to take in 572 of them for the time being . 
  this has absolutely no connection to the thousands who we already take . 
  and we also have a lot of unregistered people here who want to get to richer countries and then apply for asylum . 
  that 's wrong . 
  40 000 from greece and italy are supposed to be moved , so we 'd need to accomodate 572 people in addition to those that come here . 
  bulgaria is against , actually . 
  i do n't see why we should agree with it when we take in thousands already and our camps are full . 
  i have no idea how we are going to function as a country with our future demographics . 
  there are a lot more turks in instanbul than greeks in greece . 
  he 's not just shady , he 's scum . 
  thanks for taking him so we do n't need to tolerate him . 
  y r u so angry lol xd, 
  not anymore , they said they will replace the eyes . 
  the glowing eyes will cetrainly be replaced . 
  it 's still too tacky imo, 
  there were a total of 1100 votes , very few people in bulgaria have foreign citizenship . 
  um , they 've been here for hundreds of years . 
  we did n't enslave them and we are still unable to do anything to integrate them . 
  the ones for bulgaria are mostly correct . 
  source : been in the train for hours now , repairs are making my trip a hell . 
  but that 's extremely difficult to fix . 
  hell , the eu has been trying to force us to change our courts for years and we are still nowhere . 
  literally throwing your vote in the trash . 
  do you know that in the 50 's , my grandmother was forced to get documents that said she was of macedonian ethnicity even though she was bulgarian ?
