  ah , yes . 
  how can northern poland be balkan ? 
  lmao, 
  the uk has a large trade deficit with the rest of eu , so that may harm eu countries more . 
  you 're a true warrior , fighting for a just cause on reddit . 
  maybe , but someone can be your enemy despite having mostly the same political/economic model . 
  there are links when i googled , it 's all daily mail/breitbart/sputnik / jihadwatch.still possibly true though . 
  i generally agree with you . 
  but for example , there are even more comments saying all politicans from the last 25 years should be hanged and we should become communist ( something that has happened here before ) but still , no communist coup around . 
  it 's the overall situation that can cause political extremes , not online comments . 
  meh , here there are open calls for genocide on any facebook comment section ( does n't even matter what the article itself is about ) and nothing 's happened . 
  we had the same stories circling around some websites a few years ago . 
  the source seems very unsurprising . 
  yes . 
  it 's an old serbian tradition . 
  / r/russiadenies, 
  does anyone know if the -29 record in kneja or however it 's called was broken ? 
  calling the people at calais refugees at this point is not misleading , it is an outright lie . 
  haha that 's exactly what i walk through in sofia . 
  apparently so are saudi arabia and rwanda, 
   we must not allow a nuclear armed iran , a terrorist state . 
  this is literally why the deal was made and the sanctions are being lifted . 
  and i literally mean literally . 
  gas pipe when ? 
  it 's not stupid , that 's what the gendarmerie is for , not the army . 
  borisov is scum . 
  he always has been , he 's just a thug who made it big . 
  we actually started in 1997 , after all the money was worth nothing and there was no food in stores . 
  the law is actually being removed as too many high level convicts used it to get out of jail quickly . 
  this sounds more like something zhirinovsky would say . 
  if that is the sentiment among the establishment and people do nothing then all that is happening and getting worse in europe is completely deserved . 
  and so will be whatever happens when the numbers keep getting bigger and bigger . 
  seriously , just imagine egypt going to something like a civil war . 
  saudi arabia and israel wo n't help like turkey does with syrians , it will be europe or die . 
  european countries do not deserve prosperity if they are not willing to defend it . 
  but us labor costs are higher than eastern eu ones even if their protection is worse as you say , so the usa would be the one negatively affected by this . 
  lower prices for us imports , likely for eu made things too due to increased competition , and a chance for slovakia made products to be sold there , creating jobs . 
  basically , the same way eu countries benefit from trade with each other . 
  although i admit most of what i 've read comes from eu institutions , and are pro- ttip, 
  hopefully , yes to both . 
  you have to admit , it 's the best way to offend poland 's government . 
  kaczynski is undoubtedly triggered right now . 
  ... because france and germany are both in schengen and have no border control between each other . 
   ~ ~ if ~ ~ when the migrants come again in spring it will be very interesting . 
  h1b visas are limited to 65 000 yearly so there 's no way they are that influential in a country as big as the us . 
  i agree on the first two but do n't put any hopes on the third one . 
  it 's all strongly worded letters . 
  i wanted to reply to / u/bullshit _ - _ detector , whose link include those , sorry . 
  but your figure includes applicants from serbia , kosovo and albania , which will be sent back quite easily if there 's the will to do that . 
  it 's not just western media , our public tv had a special program in support of refugees , and a donation campaign . 
  with how much waste and corruption gravitates around events like that , it 's probably not a bad thing . 
  and the worst thing about our median age is that we wo n't be as high as italy only because we die too much . 
  `` what happened on new year 's eve is completely unacceptable , '' merkel said after a meeting with romanian prime minister dacian ciolos in berlin . 
  `` these are abominable , criminal acts ... which germany will not tolerate , '' she added . 
  the leader expressed sympathy with the victims , saying that their plight was `` personally unbearable '' for her and that everything would be done to find out what happened on december 31 , when dozens of groups of north african and arab-looking men molested and robbed women at cologne 's main train station . 
  she said there were `` some serious questions '' which arose and which went beyond the immediate crisis . 
  there were questions regarding connections , behavioral patterns and also whether some groups were disrespectful towards women , merkel said : `` we must decisively confront them , because i do not believe that these are only individual cases . '', 
  merkel said the state 's duty was to find the right answers , including legal changes and an enhanced police presence . 
  she also mentioned an increase in the interior ministry 's budget and an additional 4,000 federal police force officers pledged for the coming year . 
  merkel also promised close attention would be paid to the issue of deporting migrants found to have broken the law . 
  she said her officials would check , `` regarding deportation , whether we 've done everything , to also set an example for those who are not willing to follow our legal system . '', 
  `` we must also consistently discuss the fundamentals of cultural co-existence in germany , '' merkel said , adding that `` people were rightly expecting action after hearing these words . '', 
  nearly 1,000 men of north african and arab origin are reported to have divided themselves into smaller groups and robbed and sexually harassed women at cologne 's central station on new year 's eve . 
  similar incidents occurred on a far smaller scale in hamburg and stuttgart . 
  most likely means that the information is not released to the public . 
  yes , germany sucks . 
  you 're free to cut off ties with them and the eu , and live in your stronk independent poland who do n't need no foreign control . 
  you also give up your economy and rule of law , also have fun when the reaction to your nord stream complaints will be '' lmao poland '', 
  looks rather spooky . 
  happy new year everyone , may it be better than this one !, 
  it 's been given for less , so why not . 
  last christmas was sunny and no snow , at least in the southwest . 
  even inaccurate polls on what 7 million bulgarians think of the eu are better that your personal judgement on what 7 million bulgarians think . 
  you actually do n't have to . 
  i mean you 're right , but there 's no time limit so you can postpone forever . 
  i think our current government wants us in the eurozone though and they said they 'll work for it . 
  well we 're still pro eu , but against the euro . 
  ttip will be public . 
  and voted by the european parliament . 
  it will have to be accepted by the sejm too . 
  and acta was rejected . 
  although laws like it are always being pushed and i doubt a lack of eu will save you . 
  actually yes . 
  8/10 not enough differently colored insulation and modified balconies, 
  you managed to turn even this to complaining about immigration , great job . 
  who the hell would let a complete stranger from a warzone in their home ? 
  also , ` while their paperwork is finalised ' does n't this mean someone who has n't even been confirmed to be a legitimate refugee ? 
  well it 's obvious there 's a large minority , the census does ask for ethnicity so we have data on that . 
  what i mean is that there 's no law that guarantees minority groups in parliament like romania or anything similar . 
  recognising separate minorities is not really a thing here , we 're a very unitary state . 
  does it even matter if those countries accept refugees ? 
  in bulgaria we grant status to almost everyone who applies , very few have found their own homes so our camps should be bursting , yet they still have a lot of space . 
  why ? 
  because the refugees have moved on to the west already , even though they know they wo n't be accepted and could be returned . 
  and who could blame them , considering that being illegal in germany / sweden is better than relying on state support here . 
  it 's mostly because of stagnating economies and incomes , and high unemployment in most countries , with the eu and immigrants being the easiest to blame . 
  hopefully it will pass like it usually does . 
  if it makes you feel any better our government would agree to anything that germany pushes to do . 
  then we 'll get a much worse crisis and blame you for it again . 
  i just drink tap water , never had any problem with it .
