  so was my grandfather and thousands of others that were forced to call themselves macedonian just because the communist felt like it . 
  [ the macedonian ethnicity in bulgaria was just a failed project , not a real thing . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_macedonians_in_bulgaria ), 
   \u0452 we do n't have that , we use \u0434\u0436 instead, 
  yeah , i would n't bet on that . 
  most online comment sections here are completely useless and unreadable . 
  apathy wo n't help , though . 
  in fact , when people stop caring , there is no way that things will ever improve . 
  because unemployment there is through the roof and many have no income at all . 
  cost of living is also much higher , that 's why southern bulgaria is full of greeks doing their shopping and groceries every weekend . 
  what wikipedia does n't say about them is that they are bulgaria 's biggest employer and taxpayer ( totes legit , those guys ) and basically run the city of varna . 
  [ there 's the data by sector in bgn . 
  damn , our coutries really are similar . 
  looks ... scary . 
  both bsp and abv are pro-eu , but like embezzling funds from russian projects here.don ' t lie to yourself about abv , parvanov 's love towards russia has never been in doubt , whether you see that as a good or a bad thing . 
  he just wants more political influence and playing second string in a weak bsp is not his thing . 
  did n't expect any better lol , the train i take usually is slow as fuck and runs over a damaged bridge . 
  it 's very cheap for students though . 
  why the hell should students be forced to study in a particular school ? 
  good students in bad schools are just wasting their time and potential , and forcing them there for the sake of diversity is cruel . 
  same here , the ` solution ' was to completely ban exporting wood . 
  well , it 's the orthodox church that 's celebrating , it 's just a regular weekend otherwise . 
  and then the bridges will be useless because they made them between small towns . 
  they are about to begin feasibility studies for two new bridges , i doubt they are going to build new bridges anytime soon . 
  134th in the world lol . 
  it 's also illegal here but i do n't think people ever get arrested for having dick pics . 
  thakfully a step in the right direction , we pay some of the highest costs of gas in the eu . . [ page 26 of this report is what happens when you deal with russia without an alternative . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/energy/sites/ener/files/documents/quarterly-gas_q3_2014_final_0.pdf ), 
  weirdly enough , it is literally the opposite situation here . 
  our politicians wo n't do a thing unless there 's pressure from the eu . 
  easier said than done when the ones who set up the institutions and legislation are corrupt themselves . 
  sure thing buddy . 
  we just need to leave and everything will be perfect . 
  ( or it will be the 90s all over again , but people like you probably do n't care . ), 
  do n't worry , he 'll say something dumb and make you doubt again , he does it every week . 
   reaction gifs and memes are not allowed here . 
  seriously , i ca n't imagine that this has passed without siderov shouting all over about muh values . 
  the issue , however , is [ that this is a very , very shady deal . 
  ] ( https://bivol.bg/en/putins-crony-under-belgian-cover-took-over-vivacom-dunarit-avionams-and-tv7.html ), 
  holy shit those people would never survive here . 
  look at 4chan as an expample of what happens when a forum lacks proper moderation . 
  if you want your freeze peach and shitposts , go there . 
  the mods here are doing a good job overall . 
  can confirm that this is how we wake up every morning here . 
  seriously though , the mental healthcare sutiation in the balkans is absoultely horrible . 
  nah , we badly need infrastructure investment , especially in the north , but i have strong doubts that such a canal would be the best or even a good project to spend money on . 
  looking at the stats there , it seems like we 're so unhappy that no other eu country even comes close . 
  not surprised , this is exactly what most of our taxi drivers deserve . 
  i hope their protest fails . 
  they hate us cause they anus . 
  to the guys who like this shit , you are literally usa with a different flag . 
  also make banana bigger and longer so it can reach us big banana is good . 
  you have been disconnected . 
  even funnier funnier when you consider that plevneliev also mixed up a bunch of countries in a speech of his one time . 
  bulgaria lacks political will for anything relevant . 
  we 're all too old . 
   the only other eastern european e.u. 
  country larger than us , from a population standpoint , is poland , and they did not have to live through a fifty-year regime which was absolutely destructive for the economy . 
  they did though , although yours was worse . 
  / u/matija2209 is from slovenia which has the lowest homicide rates in the eu . 
  lmao even iraq is apparently happier than bulgaria . 
  no , we 're way behind greece at 129 . 
  bulgaria does not use it but it is pegged since 1998, 
  is n't a clear no vote expected ? 
  if that happens , there is no good option . 
  either dutch politicians completely ignore the referendum , which is obviously a bad idea , or ukraine is fucked and other countries will be wary of trusting the eu . 
  russia will hate europe if it stops their imperialism in their former puppet states in europe . 
  so do we , greece and spain . 
  still no widespread violence . 
  i 'm not that worried about our border for now , the official crossings are blocked anyway and the rest is all mountains . 
  the title is misleading , they authorised army deployment if needed , it 's not currently happening . 
  every single one in europe , as no country has the right do deny its own citizens entry . 
  our minimum wage comes to less than that a day . 
  russia and china will collapse before before the usa does . 
  the american monopoly money has proved to be much more reliable than the yuan or rouble and the last year shows this is not even slightly questionable . 
  also , is russia just a peaceful country that seeks no conflict or is it eroding the usa 's power ? 
  tax euros only subsidise eu students , the rest pay more . 
  it was cancelled by bulgaria a day after john kerry came to talk to our pm . 
  is n't sending the army for internal reasons very illegal in germany , even if hypothetically needed ? 
  all this probably means we 'll be the next route instead of macedonia . 
  i know borisov was invited to the v4 meeting and was were reportedly offered help with closing the border with greece . 
  but he was also in talks with merkel and there 's no chance this current government goes against her if she does not want the borders sealed . 
   the administrative court in saarlouis , in the federal state of saarland , ruled last week that refugees in bulgaria were faced with the risk to remain homeless in the streets and were practically left without medical care , according to deutsche welle . 
   the court also said that the refugees had no chance to work in bulgaria and the country 's government was doing nothing for the integration of those people . 
  apparently you just have to do nothing at all . 
   hell it took us 23 years to complete the only highway we have . 
  trakia was actually started in the 70s so it 's 40 years . 
  i agree otherwise . 
  we are not allowed in schengen , the same countries that block us there will probably block for the ez too . 
  well , romania 's political and economic choices do seem better than bulgaria 's , considering their higher growth and more successful fight against corruption . 
  and all that wo n't happen unless it is widely supported and seen as beneficial . 
  and we 'll buy it second hand in 10 years . 
   we 're the second largest net contributor and it 's in their interests to make this work unless if the eu is significantly set back by the changes and the uk leaves anyway . 
  so they finally realised that the money not helping at all is not some neo nazi propaganda . 
  actually , those communist era guys and their associates are now our capitalist class and they love capitalism . 
  most of the country is , in fact , safe . 
  that was actually an isolated accident and was a bad warning shot . 
  people should read the article first . 
  this is about a young family that was upper middle class in syria , of course they had it better than being refugees in denmark . 
  the only complaints i saw were that the integration course is too slow for them and that it 's diffucult for people like them to be anything more than cleaners .
