damn we smoke a lot . 
  common nationalist rhetoric . 
  kompot drinking master race represent !, 
  a bulgarian party full of russian nationalists . 
  but still , literally all russians suck , right ? 
  because our politicians get rich with diverted eu funds and spend a lot so they can get elected again . 
  my jimmies are now rustled . 
  oh no you did not just say that ( \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 \uff09 \u256f \u253b \u2501 \u253b ) glorious bulgar yogurt is best yogurt . 
  he/she will be a good politician . 
  hah those are funny . 
  we 've spent a ton on a nuclear power plant that may or may not be built at some point in the future , when it will cost us the full price of a new power plant . 
  stats like these make me wonder whether we are actually in the eu . 
  hmm , i should try that . 
  but i took someone 's job , so i have to get some mates to replace me before i go unemployed . 
  has any country managed to integrate them ? 
  but that 's a beer 's worth of money !, 
  how can they be such monsters ? 
  bulgaria can not money :(, 
  yes , serbia should commit economical suicide and refuse to expand trade so it can bask in eu glory one day in the not so near future . 
  if they do n't we 'll blame them . 
  no we fucking do n't . 
  what ? 
  no way , there 's too much dirty money to be made there for such a thing to ever pass . 
  i 'll only believe it when i see it . 
  at least the trial comes before the sentencing this time . 
  that 's greatly exaggerated . 
  and it 's not why they do n't pass through here . 
  the reason is that we try to detain and register anyone since the beginning . 
  that way we have more refugees than most other coutries but the main immigrant wave avoids bulgaria as they 're afraid that they will be forced to stay here . 
  banned in bulgaria, 
  has anyone ever been sentenced for such crimes ? 
  i ca n't remember nor can i imagine any court doing it . 
  wait i thought they could n't integrate here only because we 're racist monsters ? 
  i hope the un reacts immediately and sends them a * very strongly * worded letter . 
   migrants are often highly educated anyone got the stats for that ? 
  because i do n't know how it 's in germany for example , but the from the refugees here very few have any meaningful education . 
  we did n't do wars but that was the plan in case of war with nato . 
   democratic rule haram . 
   hold the mountain and wait for russia . 
  this was also the military doctrine during the cold war . 
  i 'd say how horrible this is but then i remembered that my whole country is infested with former agents running things on all levels . 
   yay !, 
  do n't pretend you 're not shocked , we all know . 
  this says poland is in south asia ? 
  or it falls among these countries in values ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  those are european values we all share . 
  for bulgaria , most likely not . 
  we will probably accept with no demands in return . 
  no it does n't . 
  we 'll get more refugees , not less . 
  all those quotas are about refugees in greece , italy and hungary which will be sent to all the other countries . 
  the one who come here anyway have zero relevance to the deal . 
  not at all . 
  those are all refugees from greece , italy and hungary , in addition to the ones that come here . 
  no others will be distributed for now . 
  yeah we 're all savages who hate brown people . 
  that 's why we spend more on each refugee than on pensioners who have worked for 35 years . 
  but that 's boring . 
  bulgaria will accept . 
  multiple ministers have talked about solidarity and how demanding schengen in return is not solidarity and stuff like that . 
  considering that we have accepted more refugees in january-august 2015 than the whole of 2014 shows that they really are n't avoinding bulgaria . 
  bulgarian media did talk to people in the greek islands , and most said they wo n't go through bulgaria because they will be fingerprinted and forced to stay , not because of racism . 
  and , of course the authorites are treating them badly , they treat anyone that way . 
  you sound like a fascist . 
  off to the gulag . 
  nope , the quota is in addition to the thousands we get already . 
  ffs we 're a perfect puppet state . 
  do n't worry about the never ending stream of migrants too , bulgaria accepted the quota and said it ` will understand ' if more are to come . 
  on the other hand , i have no trust in gerb , they had a term with a lot of support and did nothing , and rb seem to be a rather fragile coalition . 
  haha that is literally what they promised . 
  the law being harsher , and later . 
   ambassadors of the 14 eu countries , supported by their colleagues from norway and switzerland , in a joint statement determine the rejection of the government bill against corruption in the high echelons of power on first reading a bad signal in the fight against this phenomenon . 
   they urged mps from all groups to show that not downplay the problem . 
  the bill , developed under the auspices of vizepremiera representative of the reformist bloc meglena kuneva was rejected last week as `` for '' vote mps from gerb and reform bloc mps from bsp were against and dps , abc , patriotic front and `` attack '' abstained . 
  so did representatives of bdts and two others voted against . 
   `` that proposed by the government original text was rejected without further parliamentary debate is a negative signal in the fight against corruption . 
  the effective fight against corruption is a crucial element of the rule the law , `` wrote the ambassadors of the netherlands , france , germany , britain , austria , belgium , ireland , poland , denmark , finland , italy , spain and luxembourg . '', 
   we hope that it rejected the draft political parties ( including those who do not voted ) will present as soon as possible new ideas for dealing with this problem , thus showing that the failure in this vote does not mean that mps downplay the fight against corruption at all levels , `` the statement said european diplomats . 
   they remind that the european commission puts this struggle of leading the agenda in its subsequent reports under the mechanism for cooperation and verification ( smes ) and that these reports are approved by governments of their countries and a series bulgarian governments . 
  here 's a google translated article with context from dnevnik.bg, 
  they return home , at least most people i know of , maybe get some temp job here if they can find . 
  then go work to the west next year . 
  mugabe is likely to live forever , people have been expting him to die for a long time and he 's still going strong . 
  well , no , we 've given asylum to 12000 last year , 13000 until august this year , a total of 17000 have been registered this year . 
  but any more would stretch us too thin . 
  i have no idea how greece is handling it with their numbers beyong just letting them go north . 
  there is literally nothing wrong with tripe soup . 
  you can compare germany and the usa , but you ca n't compare the two-party and the multi-party system by only comparing two countries . 
  we have a lot of political parties , many are new and replace older ones , but we 're still an oligarchy with very high voter apathy so you 're wrong . 
   first eu country going from turkey , that would mean bulgaria or greece . 
  neither of the two is kind to even its own citizens , and they would n't be able to provide more that bare survival if too many come . 
  considering syria 's birth rates , most are likely to have children . 
  i 'm afraid protesting does n't change much usually , we 've done it a lot and every time it ends in lies and failed promises . 
  i wish them luck . 
  hopefully it does n't end with a ` change ' where the faces on top are different but the people are the same . 
  the data includes 26 . 
  ~ ~ wait , were n't vmro in coalition with barekov ? ~ ~ edit : um , wait , they 're actually a part of the pf . 
  i do n't dislike them , they have some good ideas , jambazki usually sounds like a decent person , but they have views i strongly dislike , their ally nfsb are wankers and the pf as a whole kinda sucks . 
  i have honestly no idea .
