i think you meant : `` piss off , ye dunce . '', 
  is this all eastern europeans strive for ? 
  everyone to be equally poor ? 
  for the past 18 months they 've been advocating for it as if it 's their divine right . 
  why not focus on your own country doing better , instead of grudgingly hoping for another one to get as bad yours ? 
  what a miserable way of thinking . 
  that 's a good point that did n't cross my mind , but take into consideration that 's only the * lasting impact * that they left in your homelands . 
  i can only speak for the countries i visited this summer ( romania , bulgaria , greece ) , but my impression i got from the people is that , whatever their financial state might be , they 'll only move forward - not backwards - in terms of progressive thinking and a set of beliefs that 's compatible with western values . 
  not a hint of the oppression and backwardness you 'd find for example : in erdogan 's modern-day turkey . 
  imagine the decayed condition of moral , cultural and intellectual state europe would 've been in , had the ottomans managed to advance further into northern and western europe with no one to stop them . 
  it 's the placating affirmation you hear every time people within the eu feel dissatisfied . 
  things are always getting `` better '' since the previous state of affairs was unimaginably dreadful to begin with , and people can always leave their homes and friends behind to move to a wealthier nation . 
  too uninteresting info to justify the ad though . . 
  after reading about how they fabricate history , the irredentism of united macedonia and those silly statues in skopje , i knew these guys were high as a kite . 
  congrats , it only took you ~ 5 years to realize that greece 's seclusion would n't stop with them , but they 'd use similar tactics to coerce other eu states . 
  you either comply at once or let media and eu politicians point fingers at you , until you give in . 
  i 'm sorry , but you must not have noticed how this thread is only 60 % upvoted . 
  that means it 's fake news . 
  only articles which claim that the uk will be a deserted wasteland by next year are true . 
  the rest are anti-eu propaganda . 
  watching the forced-labour prisoner early in the morning would make your 8-5 look like a walk in the park in comparison . 
  noooope . 
  loaded messages to incite an emotional reaction is pretty much the definition of propaganda . 
  yet both are blatant propaganda . 
  the kind of propaganda we would condescend to and snicker at if it were coming from russia or turkey . 
  just because most of us disagree with trump 's politics does n't make these covers any more appealing . 
  if you 're getting better quality food here than back in lithuania , then i do n't dare imagine the quality of food there . 
   turkey : top holiday destination they really are suicidal . 
  `` greed '' is a really pretentious way of describing decisions to protect one 's trade/economy . 
  are we going to pretend that the major deciding factors in modern-day politics are principles , ideals and the spirit of unity ? 
  `` unpleasant politics when decided by northern europe '' = realpolitik `` unpleasant politics when decided by southern europe '' = treacherous greed, 
  funny how a year ago no one would 've objected to sarcastic or even spiteful comments ( against greece , portugal , spain ) , but as soon as those have stopped feeding the confirmation bias of the sub and are targeting someone else , suddenly we 're starting to pretend that those type of comments annoy us . 
  cod servers must be down , but i still do n't understand why he 's not commenting on youtube videos instead . 
  not to worry southerners , these are just the pre-election threats . 
  ** all you have to do ** is simply vote for the party the president of the commission is dictating you to vote . 
  now , once you elect nd as your government and the first eurozone meetings take place with smiles , handshakes and group photos , we 'll be back to * '' it is reckless to suggest that greece should be kicked out of the common currency . 
  this is not the europe i dream of '' * . 
   how am i supposed to defend myself ? 
  you do n't even have to defend yourself in this thread , or defend yourself to me . 
  if i had to make specific '' accusations '' , i 'd have to sum-up , very concisely , the post history of * months * or * years * , and thank god this is n't my job . 
  that 's why i did n't quote any of your past comments : i 'd have to cherry-pick the ones i disagree with , and that 's not always the case . 
  but again , you 've got a problem with being objective , and imo this is a necessary skill for someone who 'd like to mod this place . 
   can you point me to my every other biased shitposts no , why would i do that ? 
  would n't work well for me . 
  maybe whoever 's interested in finding out more disagrees with me on what constitutes a shitpost . 
  but a glance at your post history on this sub makes it pretty obvious to anyone that impartiality is n't your strongest suit . 
  i do n't know if you 've got a '' secret agenda '' or whatever , and i do n't know if you 're deleting stuff from your post history , but it would also help if every other comment of yours was n't a biased shitpost . 
   how much more are you paying or how much less are you getting paid as a direct result of the loans to greece ? 
  i understand this is not most people 's opinion , but the biggest price we 'll be paying will be for turning the e.u. 
  into a moralistic shitshow and showing utter incompetence in resolving financial - and maybe forthcoming political - crises . 
  this inadequacy would eventually surface at some point , even if it were n't for greece , portugal and spain . 
  for whatever reason though , people feel very content with the current state of things as long as they can point fingers at someone . 
  each to his own i guess ... 
  it 's truly a wonder how this sub is greatly pro-german ( almost to the point of being a boring circlejerk ) , but we 've somehow managed to pretend that everything is an attack against us or an attempt to demonize us . 
  do we have a fetish with victimizing ourselves or is it simply a moronic knee-jerk reaction at everything that could potentially tarnish our country 's reputation ? 
  almost funny , latvia and lithuania . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ yes , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ too ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ estonia, 
  bit pretentious to talk about jobs and growth when you 've just proposed a deal to them that does very little to encourage either . 
  do n't worry , one day , be it in 20 years or 50 years , the ez will start working well for the average non-german citizen as well . 
  but it probably wo n't . 
  the euro is pathetic, 
  why ? 
  would puerto rico make a better scapegoat for mr. sch\u00e4uble ? 
  it 's also time to stop pretending that alexander stubb has ever had an opinion of his own and that his views on the matter are n't simply dictated by other ez members . 
  that 's because you have n't correctly implemented the necessary austerity measures that would 've allowed for greater gdp growth over the past years . 
  let me bring over my friends from ecb and imf to work something out . 
  we 'll hack a bit here , slash a bit there , decimate a couple more things , and in 25 years you 'll be able to lend to poorer nations , no sweat . 
  it 's all your fault , it 's just you ca n't clearly see it yet !, 
  you 're actually trying to converse with someone as thick as yaix . 
  just let him stay in the ` hidden comments ' section of the thread . 
  he knows this spot pretty well . 
  false hope is still better than nul hope . 
  politics is for ugly actors . 
  if things go awry and greece does n't even default within the ez but out of it , i will especially like the part where everyone snaps out of his self-deception and realizes that the problem was far more profound and extensive than a mere '' greece fatigue '' all along . 
  then they 'll eventually have to stop using the greeks as a scapegoat and come to terms with reality . 
  it 'll be the moment when a big chunk of the european community realizes that perhaps the greeks were by far the least interested in keeping the country within the eurozone . 
   now we get the result where everyone loses everyone loses . 
  except for merkel , sch\u00e4uble , draghi , schulz and dijsselbloem who 'll get to keep their jobs and/or political power and shift all the blame to the uncooperative greek government to placate their ( soon-to-be ) disillusioned voters back home . 
  yeh , what the eurozone needs currently is for the german government to pose as all seven e.u. 
  institutions . 
  it 's for their own good , they just do n't know it yet . 
  i know right , it only looks slightly better than how serbia looks nowadays . 
  interesting to know . 
  i suppose that kind of relation russians had with the greek culture accounts for the good relations these two countries have nowadays ? 
  anyone care to explain why the hungarians ' science is latin and the russians ' is greek ? 
  strolling through the market in istanbul teaches you in a very unpleasant way that sneaky and treacherous are two very common traits of the locals . 
  i know that irl both sides are very touchy about this issue . 
  i 'm mostly referring to what 's happening on / r/europe . 
  we do n't need some buttmad users trying to derail the threads every time ` macedonia ' or ` fyrom ' is mentioned in the title . 
  on the other hand , i remember a time when people felt outraged because news stations would show maps where crimea clearly belonged to russia . 
  was that more or less useless than this one ? 
  why do you care so much anyway ? 
  i 've rarely seen threads where greeks complain about the use of ` macedonia ' in the title or macedonians who complain about the use of ` fyrom ' in the title ( when it 's off-topic ) . 
  it 's always some random european who 's butthurt about this . 
  i take it that by `` anti german reddit brigades '' ' he means : * oh man it 's great how our government can dictate and point fingers in all political/economic aspects , but boy oh boy once they start criticizing us and telling us we 're accountable too , they 're being * ** anti-german . 
  ** that kind of hypocrisy is evident beyond reddit and into german society ( through the media ) lately . 
  * for now * . 
  i mean , it really does seem to be working perfectly . 
  even 2-3 years ago it was really obvious that the next major crisis in the e.u. 
  would be handled all the same with the financial one ( seclusion , blame-shifting , veiled threats and scapegoating ) .
