  pretty happy ukraine breaks onto the front page , jumping 11 ranks !, 
  really excited for the world cup . 
  as we did n't qualify in 2010 , hopefully we can pull through and secure a place . 
  i ca n't believe he disrespects his mother like that, 
  way better him being at city rather than shakhtar !, 
  ( dynamo fan ), 
  might be too late for this topic , but here goes . 
  even though the rivalry does n't include much violence , i think dynamo kyiv - shakhtar donetsk deserves a mention in world 's biggest club rivalries . 
  the rivalry stretches far further than football , but rather ukrainian politics . 
  shakhtar having fans that mostly live in the eastern region of ukraine that is pro-russian politics and speaks russian ( versus ukrainian ) and favors russian ideals . 
  while on the other hand , dynamo , fans are very pro-western/usa ukrainian nationalists who speak ukrainian . 
  and not to mention they are the two most historically successful teams in the ukrainian/soviet league . 
  american tap room & golden brown and delicious, 
  virgin mobile free fest coming up this early fall usually attracts one or two big rap names . 
  completely free as well !, 
  i enjoyed it so much last year i donated to the cause . 
  dzeko is going to be so class this season, 
  dynamo kiev and shakhtar donetsk , two most successful ussr/ukrainian teams, 
  no more than $ 5 in chinatown . 
  being well educated . 
  wearing your father 's cufflinks . 
  wearing shirts for several years , same great fit and classic style . 
  wearing your leather shoes until they 're hanging on a last string . 
  sporty . 
  respectful . 
  never thought i 'd ever be rooting for poland but go poland !, 
  an england tie would send ukraine to the wc no playoffs . 
  this track is fire, 
  what good is talent if they do n't play well together ? 
  on paper they are certainly a good team , but not on the pitch . 
  if you watched last match you would know ukraine put up a very good fight to overly aggressive france , even with the referee blatantly favoring france . 
  the 2-0 score was reflective of ukraine 's willpower and talent on the pitch . 
  that goal was a mile offsides !, 
  you are uneducated and misinformed . 
  this eu deal is not to have ukraine join the eu . 
  ukrainian citizens wo n't be issued eu visas to travel abroad the eu . 
  ukraine hopes to join the eu soon enough , and both eu and ua would benefit economically from their integration . 
  please educate yourself on current issues before you comment on them , or take your bigotry and prejudice elsewhere . 
  this agreement is a trade deal , not full fledged eu membership , which if anything , it would stimulate your country 's economy . 
  however , i do n't think the [ midwest ] united states is in any danger , as they are not even a member of the european union . 
  '' ... when it comes to politics and the economy , they believe in some really fucked up , stupid things . 
  do n't talk about world affairs because it 'll just go over their head '' - internator1 on people from the midwest, 
  turns out i did n't !, 
  may not be the best human being , but he is a hell of a musician . 
  his 2010 album my beautiful dark twisted fantasy is the most influential album since radiohead 's ok computer . 
  he has the most critically acclaimed album this year . 
  21 grammys , only one mediocre album which is still damn near perfect . 
  absolutely amazing performer , puts his heart and soul into performing live . 
  while i think he is n't the best person , but you have to take a chance with his music as you wo n't be disappointed . 
  do n't let the fact that he makes hip-hop throw you off . 
  it would be near impossible to use a look alike . 
  also he has a very unique distinguishable tattoo on his left forearm . 
  amen , i was pressed right up against the barrier to the triangle !, 
  truly a performance to remember . 
  the stream is quality , it was a great concert . 
  most energy electronic set i think i 've been to . 
  it 's all only to artificially raise real estate value, 
  20 minute lifts are no fucking joke . 
  i figured this would be the place to ask . 
  a little while ago i took the fine tuners off my violin . 
  i only tune with pegs now . 
  well , after some time my bridge started leaning towards to scroll , what should i do to fix this ? 
  do i need a new bridge ? 
  what can i do to prevent this ? 
  vineyard vines is very ephemeral, 
  everything there fits like a box , no taper whatsoever . 
  similar to kanye west , you can hate that guy all you want , but separate the art from the artist . 
  he 's one hell of a musician and the best live act i 've ever seen . 
  hello everyone ,, 
  how is the quality on aa tri-blend track shirts compared to uniqlo premium cotton shirt ? 
  i am a big fan of the aa ( http://store.americanapparel.net/product/?productid=tr401 ) and have been looking at this ( http://www.uniqlo.com/us/store/lifewear/item/07588600001?ref=mens-clothing%2fmens-tops%2fmens-t-shirts ) . 
  i 'm looking to buy additional basics . 
  obvious difference is the price , does the uniqlo hold up just as well ( or better ) ? 
  how does the fit compare ? 
  you 're probably out of luck . 
  i am usually m in brooks brothers - 34/15 .5 ( almost true medium ) in ocbd and get large in brooks brooks sweaters & outerwear . 
  if you live near a store the common sense answer would be to try it on in store , but if you have to order online i would advise against it . 
  call the customer support line they may be able to locate it and ship it to you from a store . 
  look for a custom clothier . 
  you 're right , tailors deal with more structured pieces . 
  a custom clothier will be a little on the pricy side , but you may find it worth it . 
  i 've had it done before , if you have any questions feel free to ask me !, 
  i think you should have no problem finding one in toronto , if you 're ever in nyc for the weekend there are plenty there . 
  for $ 50 , this would be a solid purchase . 
  i love ll bean though , with their return/exchange policy that ca n't be beat . 
  keep the rest of your outfit toned down . 
  a white/blue ocbd with an off-white or camel sweater would look nice . 
  to top it off , a pair of penny loafers , baroques , or boat shoes would look sharp . 
  [ black flyknit trainer ] ( http://counterkicks.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/nike-flyknit-racer-5.jpg ), 
  just purchased , do n't have much techwear . 
  have a few ideas but would like a second opinion . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  if the button up is navy i 'd think it 'd be a little harder to work with but definitely possible to pull off . 
  if i were you i 'd go with a lighter button up or oxford in light colors if you want to go with a preppy look . 
  the shape looks a little elongated ( may be camera angle , idk ) . 
  not a fan of any polo shoes but that 's my preference . 
  are these canvas or leather ( looks more like leather from photo ) ? 
  gap has decent basics if you need to re-up on anything of the sort ( t shirts , long sleeves , henleys ), 
  a picture of both would help , as fit is crucial to making anything look good . 
  i think the tie is a little too overboard , so i 'd go with the first outfit .
