  but good looks to both of them . 
  will they perform together at coachella though ? 
  do n't wear an ( under ) shirt under that shirt , keep it buttoned all the way up except the top button . 
  you ca n't . 
  he 's in a style galaxy of his own . 
  edit : [ also ] ( http://www.dresslikekanyewest.com/ ), 
  american apparel has nice hoodies that are clean and just at your price point . 
  have you ever taken a pair of jeans to a tailor ? 
  as stated macy 's should have something in your price range . 
  but go for navy color . 
  you ca n't go wrong with either , they are both just as versatile . 
  navy goes with everyone 's complexion . 
  seersucker is classic , very preppy . 
  not sure you can fit a boy 's size , though . 
  that is 18 inch waist ( most likely ) . 
  also judging on the proportioning of the shorts they are definitely for children . 
  you will be disappointed buying these because you can not fit them , unless you are buying them for your son . 
  looks like it 's from ala\u00efa , i believe i have seen that brand on colette before . 
  why would you want those t shirts though ? 
  both are just ... meh . 
  in my opinion , they are too bold & thick . 
  i kind of like that watch , however i am kind of confused as to why the casing is orange . 
  have n't really seen anything like that . 
  the timex weekender has a similar face and can be put on nato straps . 
  they are approximately $ 45 online , and durable . 
  get a thicker tie , no sneakers , no `` livestrong '' bands , button your shirt up all the way , tuck your shirt in , and your blazer is a little big on you . 
  in general , the trench look wo n't look good unless you 're older, 
  the soles are vibram , but the shoe is probably of another brand . 
  as long as the flannel is buttoned up i do n't think it would look goofy . 
  where is the link ? 
  you ca n't go wrong with olive or navy . 
  people really do the sock tuck ? 
  i think nothing looks best with that pair of denim and shoes, 
  not a fan of lebrons , but i think these are sick, 
  this karma train is over . 
  kanye 's going to come back * hard * . 
  6th solo . 
  that is all . 
  sorry about that , pardon my ignorance . 
  ok that 's enough reddit for tonight, 
  i have n't read far into the responses at all , but my father is an immigration lawyer . 
  your only hope is to get married to a citizen , or leave and the country and come back in 5 , 10 however many years it is . 
  what the absolute fuck ? 
  finally i can get my homework done, 
  let him handle his business , damn !, 
  i ca n't tie my shoes the fast way , i was never taught as a child . 
  `` it 's raining cats and dogs '', 
  thee buttons are only appropriate if you are over 6 ' 2, 
  bethesda , md. 
  reporting in, 
  there is no way to predict how much they will improve your time . 
  if you are serious about being competitive they are very worth it , they are more useful for shorter distances , however ( such as the 100m and 200m , keeping you on the balls of your feet ) . 
  do n't expect spikes to improve your times , races are won at practices . 
  spikes * do * help you no doubt , but your success will be based more so off the quality of your practice . 
  thanks for your input . 
  i do own a few pairs of no show socks , i spend most of my summer time around water so i do n't even bother . 
  i rarely wear jeans but i was n't going to rule the possibility out , although unlikely . 
  not as quick as other guys on here but, 
  400m - 1:02 ish pr , capable of possibly 0:58 -59 ( never raced fresh or train for ), 
  800m - 2:12 . high 4x800m split , 2:13.82 open pr . 
  i 'm still quite young , 2 years of high school left . 
  i use google doc spreadsheet to keep track of my mileage . 
  so easy , it totals up my weekly mileage without any effort on my part . 
  very easy to set up , and you can view it from mobile devices , tablets , and computers . 
  i would recommend it to anyone !, 
  sure !, 
  you may have to sign in to your google account . 
  keep in mind the mileage and workouts are completely theoretical . 
  if you would like to actually use it , i 'm sure you can download it to your google drive and edit and add columns/functions as you need . 
  goat r/hhh thread, 
  as much as i love this album , it does n't deserve a 9.5 / 10 in my opinion . 
  people expect everything kanye to release to be revolutionary and game changing . 
  the itunes us version is the final master . 
  it may be a placebo , but it sounds better thank the leak . 
  i have n't got my physical copy yet so i ca n't compare ( sticking out until vinyl/deluxe , fingers crossed ) . 
  keep an eye out for ukraine , and especially japan . 
  would say belgium but as stated , they are not a dark horse . 
  i wo n't be buying fifa 14 if it does n't have ukrainian premier league and national team, 
  tymoshchuk is one of my favorite players , but i do n't understand why he does n't play for a ukrainian club !, 
  would love to see him at shahktar , dynamo , or metalist . 
  he said in an interview somewhere that his career wo n't be a failure if he does n't win champions league . 
  but in all honesty , i think he was just putting on for the camera . 
  i want to believe , but that is what you all say every year :(, 
  incredible post !, 
  kanye is one of my favorite artists of all time , and arguably one of the most influential [ hop-hop ] artists of our time . 
  i love kanye because he is not like any other rapper , he completely changed the game . 
  he completely acknowledges that he is with flaws and not perfect , and is n't afraid to open up about it . 
  he is n't conforming to a genre or stereotype of african-americans in music , he is always pushing the creative envelope . 
  i think yeezus is a perfect example of this despite the fact it is n't as well received as his previous albums . 
  mbdtf * is * my favorite album of any artist . 
  i have almost 150 plays of each song on that album on my itunes . 
  it grinds my gears whenever someones talks down on kanye 's music , because no matter what you think of him in the social aspect , there is no denying that his music is genius . 
  i promise you any fan of any genre will appreciate at least a few songs , kanye turned me on to hip-hop . 
  great write-up , but here are some songs i think you missed !, 
  through the wire, 
  devil in a new dress, 
  everything i am, 
  gone, 
  big brother, 
  so many great songs,
