  depending on the shop you 're interviewing at i 'd consider dropping the blazer . 
  off-white shoes are extremely versatile . 
  anything really . 
  khaki or navy pants would look far better if you 're matching them with brown shoes & belt, 
  i dig that more than the initial first option . 
  i ca n't speak to how functional they are in the gym , but i think they are a decent looking shoe . 
  in burgundy i think they 'd go with most pants that are streetwear-ish , such as indigo/raw jeans or khakis . 
  do n't match with a burgundy t shirt unless you want to look like a hoodlum stuck in past matching shoes to shirt to hat ... 
  your fit would look great with any neutral t shirt ( black , white , navy ) or a simple graphic t shirt . 
  hey , hidden gem for you and anyone who is reading . 
  call 1-800-806-6453 and ask for style number 532984 - 010 in your size . 
  chances are they may have it can ship it to you . 
  all you have to do is pay over the phone . 
  $ 159 with shipping . 
  enjoy, 
  yup !, 
  just got mine in today . 
  could n't be happier with them !, 
  if anything , the $ 130 link looks better to me ( less wear on the sole ) . 
  the creasing is hardly noticeable once you have them on your feet . 
  on top of everything mentioned , the top fits too small on you . 
  marl socks look great with monochrome . 
  it 's a lost cause , sorry . 
  brooks brothers, 
  press, 
  crew, 
  if you chose to not wear a belt at all that 's fine , pants should stay up on you comfortably even without a belt if they fit properly . 
  naked and famous inseams ( at least on their raw jeans ) are about 37in . 
  how to levi 's 511 fit in comparison to 513 ? 
  my nordstrom does n't have 511s or 513s in my size so either way i 'd have to order online . 
  another pair for reference would be j crew urban slim , i am a fan of those as well . 
  how do the margielas fit ? 
  i 'm looking for a pair of gat ( mmm replica model in navy or off-white ), 
  ah thanks !, 
  it looks like i 'm between the 484 and levi 511 now . 
  i think i 've tried on a 484 but it was n't appropriate length . 
  any significant difference in build quality ? 
  i kind of like the fact the 484 does n't have the leather tag and red tab on the back . 
  everything except the band is ok , may want to opt for something other than leather if you 're college aged, 
  white stuff gets ruined too easily at music festivals . 
  also with black low chucks a dark indigo/raw pair would look clean . 
  shirt fits a little short . 
  i like the look with burgundy pants . 
  overall great fit . 
  all i 'm saying is 1-1 .5 in may look a little better , but it comes down to personal preference . 
  if it was that much longer i would n't tuck it in unless i was going for biz-cas . 
  the photo may be deceiving but the cords ( i think they 're cords ? ), 
  look great in that color . 
  you can switch these out for any other color chinos/cords . 
  in terms of color anything ( within reason ) will work & look good , burgundy is a pretty safe pick . 
  the texture does n't keep the color down , it just give the outfit more depth in my opinion . 
  you ca n't go wrong with blue ocbd , colored chinos , and leather shoes ( seasonally appropriate ) . 
  i know the struggle . 
  brooks brothers has ocbds that fit me well . 
  may not be your cup of tea as a store , but they 're button ups are buy it for life . 
  barbour, 
  kinda dig the diy . 
  gives off an mmm vibe . 
  for a nautical vibe : white pants with a navy blazer . 
  sounds like a very cool party . 
  put shoe trees in them to help keep their shape . 
  do n't wear them day in and out , give them a rest . 
  they wo n't last as long as they would otherwise . 
  skintight suits and pants that are way too short . 
  c'mon , not even * no break * ? 
  if you are familiar with levi 's cuts , the j.crew 484 is inbetween a 510 and 511 . 
  urban slims are close to 513 . 
  the 484 is in between a levi 's 510 and 511 but closer to the 511 yes . 
  uniqlo fits smaller in my experience , size up . 
  & acne studios, 
  yuck graphic t. too colorful for my taste anyway . 
  nice dreamboxes , lol . 
  really creative guy musically . 
  i 'm just kind of disappointed that one jacket is a rick owens replica and the fur parka a ermanno scervino replica . 
  was expecting more , but this is miles ahead of his capsule collection . 
  i live around d.c. and i go fine even on very cold/snowy winter days with no lining . 
  to me , thinsulate/goretex lining is kind of overkill for me . 
  i only wear my gore lined boots no more than 3 times a year . 
  for reference : my bean boot size in unlined is 10 , but in goretex i 'm 11 . 
  my tts is 11.5 . 
  thinsulate probably fits closer to goretex . 
  depends where you are on the east coast though . 
  i own both gore and unlined and i can tell you my unlined get a whole lot more wear as the gore are not very breathable and kind of overkill for days that do n't have 6in of snow on the ground . 
  reading and understanding the sidebar would be an awesome start !, 
  a short list based on your criteria :, 
  dark indigo/raw denim - looks great with almost anything, 
  j.crew shorts - always my go to shorts, 
  boots and shoes you should get are based a little bit more on your taste , check out the sidebar/wdywt threads to see something that catches your eye . 
  `` good artists copy , great artists steal '', 
  while i admit this is n't very original , everyone knocking this collection are just doing nothing but hating now , ridiculous . 
  that being said , he made an essential/capsule collection . 
  balmain is n't the only designer with a denim shirt , nor is scervino the only designer with a long , fur lined parka . 
  you can construe the comparison photo to any brand/designer , really . 
  i 'm not sticking up for kanye but what it really comes down to is fabric , fit , and color . 
  people bash fast fashion ( zara , h&m , f21 ) because they make cheap low quality exact knock offs , which is not exactly what kanye is doing . 
  do n't match your date , that 's tacky in my opinion . 
  for the most versatility outside of this event , you should opt for a solid navy or grey . 
  since this is an evening event , you could go for black but just know heads up a black suit is n't as versatile as everyone who is n't exactly fashion conscious thinks it is . 
  just my $ 0.02 . 
  i get where you 're coming from , but this is a capsule collection .
