the referendum was in the 2015 tory manifesto , so current mps were theoretically elected with their position on it in mind . 
  big knife . 
  we 're talking subjunctively about democracy - try to keep up . 
  if erdogan were to genocide the kurds in turkey - compare him to whomever you like , it 's not the point - you 're saying you would be fine with that because it 's their democratic will . 
  i 'm saying that 's shortsighted . 
  okay do n't compare him to hitler , compare him to stalin as on his wikipedia page . 
  that better ? 
  that 's like a religious belief in democracy . 
  i do n't think that 's helpful . 
  say erdogan is like hitler in that he 'll genocide sections of his population and try to expand into neighbouring territory . 
  obviously that would lead to a world war and millions of dead democrats . 
  if you have an ability to prevent that undemocratically i 'm not sure you could justify doing nothing . 
  is erdogan making friends in the middle east that g\u00fclen would n't have made ? 
  paranoid people generally make fewer friends altogether . 
  they 're rich , power hungry neoliberals cut from the same cloth . 
  clinton is better at politics , so if the world is headed for apocalypse at least americans will be comfortable until then . 
  likewise if these two turks are the same you 'd favour the one who less isolates you from europe . 
  you can find clinton 's foreign policy distasteful ( she loves the stuff they did in central america ) but her diplomacy is on a higher level to trump , so if you 're seeing the big picture that 's why you 'd choose her ( domestically trump is probably better for poor people ) . 
  likewise if g\u00fclen and erdogan are the same you 'd favour the guy who made you less despised in europe . 
  you should edit [ his wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fethullah_g%c3%bclen ) then , which says things like `` he has been described in the english-language media as an imam ` who promotes a tolerant islam which emphasises altruism , hard work and education ' '' and `` according to some commentators , g\u00fclen is to erdogan what trotsky was to stalin . '', 
  even if he 's just a power-hungry neoliberal , by default you 'd favour the guy who better promoted international relations , similar to how you 'd favour clinton over trump . 
  were they not really followers of exiled moderate g\u00fclen ? 
  it was very fuzzy whether that was an accurate story or just smoke . 
  i was really surprised when liberal niceguys i follow on twitter said they opposed the coup . 
  because democracy is worth this ? 
  democracy is a useful tool , a system , it 's not something inherently worth defending . 
  how is that the same ? 
  this is about travel expenses . 
  i thought the `` huzzah '' would tip it . 
  this is exactly the sort of red tape we brexited away . 
  i think the expectation is you 'll be able to become a french citizen ( or equivalent ) in exchange for us keeping our poles , but they 're happy to keep you as a bargaining chip in the meantime ( because they do n't understand how to negotiate , imo ) . 
  do n't understand what you 're asking . 
  uk citizens wo n't be kicked out of eu countries unless negotiations go very weirdly . 
  scotland in eu would have no change from now . 
  for staff . 
  they need to advertise across europe because britain does n't have the talent . 
  here 's the creator of the stanley parable ranting about it : https://twitter.com/honestwilliam/status/782594908460843008, 
  i 've been talking to guys in software companies , they rely on eu freedom of movement , so they 're likely to leave england . 
  i expect thousands of small and medium companies in ` brain-based ' fields are the same . 
  it would be a significant coup if scotland could get them before they move to dublin or amsterdam . 
  you would be able to get a scottish eu passport . 
  i love how this subject enrages so many english people . 
  scottish democracy does n't work : we have a government who ca n't be challenged on issues because the other parties are anti-independence , but for many in england it 's less important that scots have working democracy than that they get the old-fashioned ego boost from their country holding more territory . 
  i 'd bet most who are upset have never been to scotland . 
  i 'm thinking more of small to medium size high tech and software companies . 
  but basically any business that relies on foreign workers . 
  yeah that would probably happen too . 
  i can only speak for the people i 've talked to or heard about , which is mostly small to medium sized high tech companies and software developers . 
  the talent would only go one way , we can say that for sure . 
  these people do not want to leave the eu . 
  familiarity mostly , if you ask them . 
  they would like to stay british . 
  glasgow + edinburgh is a lot more impressive than dublin . 
  people get confused about spain . 
  they would n't approve of unilateral separation but countries splitting in the normal way is fine . 
  maybe , although the murmurs from eu politicians suggest we 'd be fasttracked . 
  a lot of businesses and talent would move north to stay in the eu . 
  hard to know whether it would be advantageous over all . 
  this should become mandatory , imo . 
  it 's a bit science fiction but solves a lot of problems . 
  [ meta ] why does mexico jump in to the interactive map ? 
  you voted leave so how is it not your fault ? 
  no it 's true , a big part of the debate was on which indyref result would give us the best chance of staying in the eu . 
  scottish tories are very pro eu . 
  the snp would n't have a choice if a general election result yields either a tory or a labour + snp government . 
  a federal uk leads to an independent scotland anyway if brexit hurts too much . 
  they could say they 'd rejoin the eu . 
  they wo n't though . 
  so they would offer a full federal uk . 
  that 's an interesting question . 
  they 'll tell you that they can only win by appealing to `` the centre ground '' , which is a concept that deserves study , as it may not exist and almost certainly works differently than people imagine . 
  the real reason appears to be simple tribalism . 
  he 'll get their support by being more of an alpha type leader . 
  this is the gorilla in the room nobody is talking about . 
  miliband lost the last election because he was bullied by the tories over a potential deal with the snp ( people in english marginal seats hate the snp ) , but it 's inconceivable that they could ever win a majority without a deal . 
  would have to offer more than a referendum though , that 's already in the hands of the scots . 
  the main reason seems to be that whenever a tv or radio programme has a representative from labour it 's someone attacking corbyn . 
  you can argue whether that 's weak leadership - they do n't have a malcolm tucker to keep mps in line - or the fault of the individuals ( or the bbc etc for inviting them ) . 
  when atheists attack . 
  yeah , like their new neighbours . 
  they did n't come to be secondclass citizens . 
  we did it reddit, 
  yeah but anyone can work it out with a little political analysis . 
  she 's talking about the ones in scotland . 
  no one is denying the ones in england are fucked . 
  what do you think would happen then ? 
  they 'll definitely be allowed to vote because imagine being ruth davidson or kezia dugdale having to promote denial of voting rights . 
  i wrote ` be ' not ` become ' . 
  it 's an interesting one . 
  obviously they 'll be allowed to vote , so presumably if a non-eu resident challenges it then all residents will be allowed to vote . 
  we did it reddit, 
  fascinating . 
  obviously they 'll change the rules first . 
  ( or keep them literally the same . ), 
  everyone living here age 16 + would have a vote . 
  they did n't move here for uk residence . 
  they came to be eu citizens with eu rights , the same as their new neighbours . 
  it 's not like they were choosing between britain and america . 
  i doubt they need much managing . 
  i heard a lot of poles etc voted no in 2014 because they wanted to stay in the eu ( obviously ) and did n't understand the flow of british politics .
