  socialism is n't big in scotland . 
  the snp are pro-business . 
  only if england becomes a tax haven . 
  no , it would mean doing nothing . 
  taxes are the same in scotland and england . 
  the difference would be tariffs with europe . 
  england would be expected to want to deregulate and lower taxes , become like singapore , and it 's true we might not be able to compete with that . 
  but would you want to live there ? 
  given they would be able to work out exactly how to tweak the taxes etc to make it more profitable for english companies to move to scotland and stay in europe , it 's a fair bet they 'll do that . 
  we tried staying . 
  there was nothing we could do to change anything . 
  you 'll be welcome to move up here . 
  scotland would be finished then . 
  as dead as post-industrial northern england . 
  i thought the subject was joining the eu - meeting those standards for rights and regulations - rather than passing the economic tests to join the euro . 
  when it says ` eurozone ' does n't that mean eurozone rather than eu ? 
  scottish immigration will be really welcoming , especially to people from england . 
  we need more working-age people . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  we 'll gain a lot from companies moving up from england , plus all the brightest english people wanting to stay european . 
  i 'd bet on assimilation . 
  yeah , he was invited by cameron . 
  that may have been misjudged but it 's hardly manipulation , especially if he only came and said true things . 
  i keep hearing the name soros . 
  what did he do ? 
  ya , it 's intriguing but written by someone who does n't understand the subjects well enough to causally link them in a way that would convince a smart person . 
  to be fair , australia has just put us at the back of the queue ( or at least behind the eu , as obama was threatening ) . 
  so obama probably was n't lying there . 
  you think i should care whether people see themselves as being of a country ? 
  you generally ca n't awaken people , only lead them . 
  i do n't care . 
  they care , and i like people to be happy . 
  i do n't see a contradiction . 
  you meant why do they care about being russian if countries are outdated though , no ? 
  but if not the current population we 're back to arguing over how long since being displaced means you do n't live there any more , and on this we disagree . 
  but so long as the fighting stopped most crimeans would be fine with being russian , right ? 
  as i said at the very start of this thread , countries are meaningless since instant global communication . 
  they only continue to exist for psychological manipulation . 
  all issues are about persons or they 're fake issues contrived to manipulate . 
  persons are all there are . 
  how many russian-speaking crimeans would you have to talk to today to find one responsible for that ? 
  they did n't gain it in unjust ways . 
  they 're just people who live there . 
  if you 've lived somewhere for decades , that 's where you live . 
  it 's a long time . 
  it seems your argument is with the russian empire and the soviet union rather than modern russia . 
  tatars were kicked out in 1944 , they are 12 % of the population now . 
  who gives a fuck who lived in a place historically ? 
  that argument leads to the insanity of israel . 
  i 'm looking at crimea 's history . 
  before it was russian it was ottoman . 
  has it ever been majority ukrainian ( say counting by language ) ? 
  who cares what country it is apart from the people who live there ? 
  does it have that large an effect on your ego/penis ? 
  it does n't matter , and decades are a long time - none of the most ardent palestine supporters would kick out jews who settled decades ago . 
  most people are willingly manipulated . 
  do n't they ? 
  i wrote ` if ' . 
  show me numbers . 
  some decades is a long time . 
  to be fair if most of the population wanted to be russian then it 's for the best . 
  countries are outdated things since instant global communication , they really only exist now as an aid to psychological manipulation . 
  we 're small , unimaginative and cowardly , like most people . 
  leaving the eu brings up tons of devolved matters . 
  make no mistake , when they 're rid of the poles they 'll turn on the brown people . 
  i think once the reality of isolation hits we 'll see increasing demand to be like ireland , belgium , etc. 
  the one hope is the supreme court decide that northern ireland must agree , and sinn fein have forced an election there which could be fought on the eu question . 
  also unless we 're venturing off earth their minds will be mush with nothing to do . 
  supreme court may say that westminster does n't have sovereignty over northern ireland . 
  which would be funny . 
  that 's an astonishingly poor philosophy . 
  i 've never heard anything remotely like that . 
  are you thinking of people looking like their pets ? 
  the average german wants to marry the hottest or wealthiest person they can find , same as any human . 
  it 's only coincidence most of their neighbours are german . 
  if you do n't want to improve conditions in poor countries then you have to accept a level of terrorism - that 's just the grownup calculation you have to make . 
   another thing is how those countries got rich ? 
  i wonder what caused them to succeed . 
  could it be determination , discipline , an active pursuit of academia , priorities of intellectual pursuit over vanity ? 
  well no , that 's obviously insane racist drivel . 
  if you think you can persuade governments of rich countries to improve conditions in poor countries , so it does n't matter where you 're born , then good luck to you . 
  in the meantime i 'll take a few hundred dead a year to live in luxury , seems a good deal . 
  there you go then . 
  what 's your point ? 
  do you think liberties are being too harshly denied to keep that number so low ? 
  what are the numbers ? 
  if your psychology is out of line with statistics , chances are you 've been manipulated . 
  a few hundred dead a year out of hundreds of millions is no threat . 
  the threat to liberty comes when the media manipulate people into being irrationally fearful , and then those scared idiots vote . 
  why did this guy kill these people ? 
  what was bothering him ? 
  probably some iniquity that we get the benefit of . 
  unless you 're going to fix the whole world then you just have to accept a level of terrorism as payment for being born in the right place . 
  look at how america did n't accept their fair share of terrorism , introduced the patriot act and immediately became closer to a fascist state . 
  if you eliminate all terrorism you 've created a fascist state without addressing the need for the terrorism . 
  feels like this is the price we pay for winning the birthplace lottery . 
  i 'd take a thousand or so terrorism deaths a year . 
  we should be discussing numbers like this rather than having irrational reactions that do n't take into account the entire renormalised gamestate . 
  a lot of small businesses will be leaving britain if they ca n't freely employ europeans . 
  your junk tabloids are humanist ?
