  howard used the same comparison of spain to argentina in two separate interviews today . 
  he 's always been a government loyalist . 
  it 's inconceivable that this was n't a tactical move from whitehall . 
  they look firm/insane while being able to dismiss it as the opinion of a former minister . 
  there might be another layer to it though . 
  if they 're about to deal very meekly with the eu then they need to appease their crazy base . 
  either way , a sunday of [ stories like these ] ( https://news.google.com/news/story?ncl=dbjrtnhlgsw_aymmwa3hcnsq7vgsm&amp;q=michael+howard&amp;lr=english&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjzmnt9vybtahvkjsakhczcb9sqqgiiidaa ) does n't happen by luck . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  read the guy 's thoughts about somewheres v anywheres - it holds up pretty well . 
  i 'm sure they will . 
  but given how strongly they vote for the uk and the eu , it 'll feel like northern ireland or scotland times a million . 
  i bet in the not so distant future the craziest thing will have been theresa may 's idea that she did n't need a general election mandate . 
  that 's not how governments work . 
  they had referendums in 1967 and 2002 . 
  why do you think their government would ignore those precedents ? 
  i 'll give you another hint . 
  they last voted in 2002 . 
  it 's not up to the government . 
  i 'd expect around 20 % of the people ( based on goodhart 's estimates ) to prefer to be spanish now . 
  has anything changed recently that would cause them to feel conflicted ? 
  read the link about somewheres ( you ) v anywheres ( me ) . 
  their world is about to get much , much smaller . 
  if it was me i 'd vote to become spanish to preserve a large world . 
  david goodhart has [ been around ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/uk/2017/03/anywheres-vs-somewheres-split-made-brexit-inevitable ) selling his book that contains his thesis about `` somewheres v anywheres '' . 
  seems a pretty useful model . 
  for me , for example , national borders raise questions purely of pragmatism , not of identity . 
  if you lived there would n't you want to be spanish now ? 
  british people abroad are some odd people . 
  that 's a funny way of looking at it . 
  the greens did n't pledge to oppose a referendum unless there was overwhelming support . 
  they 've always been strongly pro-independence . 
  the scottish parliament uses ams . 
  i was simplifying it because your comment about `` losing their majority '' showed you do n't understand how it works . 
  no party is meant to have a majority - this was explicitly designed to prevent a `` perpetual labour majority '' ( you can google that ) . 
  yes , it 's also designed to be fairer . 
  there were multiple motives . 
  no modern european parliament expects their government to abandon their manifesto when they inevitably do n't get an overall majority . 
  they expect a negotiation . 
  this occurred between the snp and the greens . 
  all working perfectly as intended . 
  that welsh tory who wants it not to be true is pretty strong evidence . 
  i 've only passed through wales and could n't say what it feels like , but what i tell any english people who would like to continue feeling proprietary about scotland is come and visit and see for yourself . 
  what i 'm talking about is n't a political position , i do n't think it 's about identifying as scottish so much as just the feeling you get in edinburgh being akin to that in dublin , london , amsterdam or brussels . 
  they feel like friendly capital cities of neighbouring countries . 
  it would be nice if cardiff , and wales generally , felt the same because i think it helps buffer against the degradation and social decline that comes from being outlying regions of a neglectful government . 
  scottish parliament uses proportional representation specifically to avoid majorities , so every government has to rely on other parties . 
  presumably scottish companies do a lot of business in scotland too , so i do n't think you can say `` lots '' without accountants properly analysing it first . 
  i would expect english companies of a certain size to move to scotland to stay in europe . 
  i 'm asking how much trade would be discontinued if there were tariffs , bearing in mind the proximity and that england will have tariffs with everyone . 
  if there is a similar amount of trade but they happen to pay more taxes , it 's not a bad thing . 
  how much trade will be discontinued when there are motorways and trainlines to a destination an hour or so away ? 
  england will have free trade deals with the bahamas and kenya , basically no one within thousands of miles . 
  accountants will need to examine the question . 
  they main difference is n't money , which people often focus on , but that scotland is a distinct country and wales is a region of england akin to cornwall - in terms of how the people who live there feel about them . 
  here is a [ welsh tory visiting edinburgh ] ( https://www.commonspace.scot/articles/10595/nationhood-palpable-tory-minister-admits-scotland-moving-towards-independence ) , noticing its `` palpable sense of nationhood '' . 
  regions do n't get anything from the uk government without political leverage . 
  asking wo n't cut it , you have to demand or threaten . 
  british european citizens hoping for such a favourable deal when our world gets much smaller . 
  but less happy than a norwegian . 
  interesting . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  i see that the danish flag is the oldest in the world . 
  apart from america and third world dictatorships , can you think of any country where waving a flag apart from sports events is n't frowned upon ? 
  would there conceivably be less trade across the motorways and railway lines between scotland and england if england had tariffs for every country except jamaica , kenya , new zealand etc ? 
  that trade between scotland and england pretty much has to happen regardless , does n't it ? 
  i think it 's a demographic thing . 
  the young and educated support the eu and are more prevalent on reddit . 
  i do n't know people who trade with england , because i 'm a person not a farm . 
  i know lots of europeans studying here and scottish people who intend to live abroad . 
  i think the spin is doing weird things to our perception of the issues . 
  but trade , okay ... when england have tariffs with everyone except jamaica and kenya and new zealand , will they do less business an hour up the motorway ? 
  i do n't see it . 
  all the town people outside london who hate foreigners , will they become self-sufficient ? 
  i do n't think england has a lot of nascent industry waiting to spring up . 
  trade with scotland will continue more or less the same , minus the economic hit facing both countries , but that would apply whether scotland stays in the uk or not . 
  we 've already voted for everyone to become poorer . 
  i do n't know . 
  i think it 's generally reckoned there will be a few years of austerity , and after that we should have a very strong economy from being able to cherrypick from england plus finally having immigrants who choose to come here rather than just an overspill . 
  for most scots it 's not about the economy as much as it 's about self determination and staying european . 
  england wo n't be aiming for a bad trade deal with the eu , arx . 
  meanwhile scotland will have a representative democracy and we get to keep our european citizenship . 
  you 've been on reddit and did n't know the `` spain objection '' was a myth ? 
  think about it rationally ( why is this becoming a refrain ? ) . 
  spain 's problem was with a * part * of a country having different status , because then it would have relevance to them , rather than being completely irrelevant to them . 
  hence their not vetoing membership for any of the balkan states . 
  here is their leader in the eu parliament saying [ no to uk-scotland in the eu ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/24/spanish-mep-leader-spain-would-oppose-nicola-sturgeon-single/ ) , and here is the same guy saying [ yes to indy-scotland in the eu ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-39236117 ) . 
  scotland meets more of the european standards than any prospective member state ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  it 's reckoned we would be members by 2023 , and norway-ish associate members immediately . 
  spain wo n't veto . 
  that myth has been put to bed . 
  do you not have the internet ? 
  those are n't conditions to get into the eu . 
  think about it rationally : both the eu and scotland would be keen for it to happen , so it 'll happen . 
  scotland would have a bridge deal until we get fasttracked into the eu , that 's obvious . 
  how long did it take ireland to turn it around ? 
  genuine question . 
  how long did it take ireland to turn it around ? 
  i 'm not too worried . 
  where have you heard that ? 
  i 've heard they might have to lower taxes .
