  in britain our propaganda press is right wing . 
  how is it fake or inaccurate ? 
  to me it just seems shorter . 
  because democracy is god . 
  labour being scared to go into minority government with the help of the snp says they would also be scared to advance good policies . 
  they voted in favour the snoopers ' charter , for example . 
  labour in government would be like david cameron in government - pandering to ukip voters by appealing to their base instincts . 
  if you 're left wing in england , labour are n't your answer . 
  unless they become smart enough to work with the snp to form a government for all britain . 
  good luck finding someone with the balls to sell it . 
  could just mean you 're scottish . 
  fewer prosecci, 
  the uk is unique . 
  it 's generally best to use the map that conveys the clearest meaning , not all or nothing unless the particular issue is uk-wide . 
  wrong for northern ireland . 
  does indian mean bangladeshi too ? 
  because i ca n't tell the difference between them and i do n't call them all indian . 
  ah , the cheese run, 
  it 's not the pathogens in american food you have to worry about , it 's the ingredients . 
  they have very little obligation to be healthy , and as a result the food available to working class people barely resembles what europeans would consider food . 
  britain can look forward to this !, 
  must be a non-student city , which rules out most of them . 
  i assumed there would be poles and romanians pretty uniformly in every british city . 
  maybe it 's a technical definition of city and he means durham or something . 
  edit : no , durham has students . 
  of course , but that is neither what l4xeus is saying nor what i am asking . 
  which british city has almost all brits ? 
  anecdotally that 's britain according to a lot of europeans these days . 
  no evidence at all for this . 
  in this case it 's simply to show distinct legal jurisdictions , which obviously gather their data separately . 
  indeed this is the usual reason countries are divided on maps , not due to agendas . 
  hence the isle of man but not wales being included . 
  notice that the eu intend to confer rights equivalent to eu citizens on any non-indolent ( have a house or job ) brits in europe on the day of withdrawal , no residence documents needed , which extend to families . 
  britain is expected to argue for a more hostile position but it 's still worth noting , if you want your kids to inherit a far higher class of privilege than the poor fuckers stuck in britain . 
  it 's always low . 
  it was [ much higher ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/datablog/ng-interactive/2017/jun/20/young-voters-class-and-turnout-how-britain-voted-in-2017 ) than polling anticipated . 
  corbyn inspired a lot of young voters , and young people love the eu , so it was definitely a factor . 
  this was reckoned to be probably the main reason the polls were wrong - nobody could get hold of the young people to poll them . 
  do we know that it does n't ? 
  the world shrugs . 
  so , if you read the [ eu position paper ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/commission/brexit-negotiations/negotiating-documents-article-50-negotiations-united-kingdom_en ) on citizen rights they say that any non-indolent brits in europe on the date of withdrawal will be conferred rights equivalent to eu natives , without any residence documents needed , and those rights apply also to your family . 
  that 's their position and even if britain wanted to argue we 're far too weak to do anything . 
  so on that particular day , if you go to amsterdam or berlin or dublin or wroclaw and get a temp job in a bar or hostel , your kids will inherit a vastly higher class of privilege than the poor fuckers stuck in britain . 
  worth noting . 
  london is pretty cool . 
  it 's insulated from a lot of the degradation that 's to follow . 
  very little attraction in britain these days . 
  i felt the same way about jon stewart , always much preferred the colbert report . 
  you get used to them though , you realise that they 're so one-note because of genuine exasperation with america 's insanity . 
  the place is infinitely more insane than any western european country . 
  they 're basically the bad guys in northern ireland . 
  95 % of people are born followers . 
  they 're the liberal metropolitan elite . 
  they should n't feel safe , way things are going . 
  i 'd expect this to drop in britain after brexit . 
  the poles are our first scapegoats , after that it 'll be brown people and gays . 
  have you not been following the debate ? 
  all the daniel hannan , douglas carswell , ( ostensibly ) boris johnson people are arguing for free trade . 
  they want the eu to fail so we have more trading partners . 
  but let 's say everyone who voted leave is more like farage . 
  why would they not want the eu to fail ? 
  we 've defined them as exactly the sort of people who - if they think about foreigners at all - want bad things to happen to them . 
  so all the leavers we can categorise either want the eu to fail or patriotically do n't think about it . 
  is there a single reason for a leaver to want the eu to continue ? 
  the leavers you know , your friends the little guys , the average joes - have any of them argued for the success of the eu ? 
  net neutrality will be one of the first things we auction off . 
  think about it rationally . 
  people voted leave for three reasons : to get bilateral trade deals , to kick out foreigners , and to ` take control ' of our laws . 
  the free trade people want the eu to fail so we have more trade partners ( easily checked by reading what they actually say ) . 
  the other two groups should n't care but there is overlap between them and the free trade people , and we 've already defined them as racist and stupid - so they want the eu to fail for those reasons too . 
  you just needed to think it through . 
  who said `` all '' ? 
  it looks like most , and there is good reason it would be most . 
  it 's probably most . 
  i would n't say it 's obvious . 
  they have good reason to want the eu to fail . 
  their bilateral trade deal argument is helped by the eu breaking up . 
  their egos are salved . 
  what 's the downside ? 
  the ones who want a holy war against muslims would support other anti-eu white nationalists like le pen . 
  yes , it 's clear that most leavers want the eu to fail . 
  `` britons who voted leave '' he wrote . 
  does n't need to be best , just needs to represent a demographic . 
  you really think most leavers want the eu to succeed ? 
  without us in it ? 
  i find that very unlikely . 
  admittedly i can imagine myself one of them as readily as i can imagine the perspective of a mole or rat . 
  if you did n't support brexit you are n't the kind of person we 're talking about . 
  indeed , these desperate leavers are probably underrepresented . 
  do a twitter search for `` failing eu '' . 
  they care . 
  britain is fucked if we leave the eu and it 's successful without us . 
  if it broke up we 'd be no worse off than anyone else . 
  a lot of leavers did , so our economy would n't be relatively much worse off . 
  the migration flow north will only increase as the planet heats . 
  hence an ordered list . 
  apparently instant run-off ( what i 'm suggesting ) tends to produce different winners than two-round , because of psychological effects , not because the systems are in any way different . 
  so maybe that 's the answer - they wanted voters to properly consider the consequences of ranking le pen 5th and macron 6th for example . 
  why is the election on two days and not one day using a list of preferences ? 
  it transparently is exactly this .
