  they 'll vote in their interest . 
  as gender in language does n't make instinctive sense to english speakers i often ask whether you would be understood if you guess randomly , and the impression i get from germans is yes , you would . 
  so i say german does n't have three genders , it has context and probabilistic interpretation just like english . 
  if someone bumps into you on the street do you punch them or apologise ? 
  if you 're unsure whether the philosophy of jesus works better than that of donald trump then you might indeed find yourself exclaiming `` what hypocrisy ! '', 
  i was defining ` outward-looking ' as people who see themselves as citizens of the world , or the eu as that 's the largest area we can have passports for . 
  wanting to swap british for irish without consideration of europe would be sideways-looking . 
  you need to submit lots of birth certificates , marriage certificates , etc. 
  they are real irish grandparents . 
  no , the current irish policy is that you just need an irish grandparent . 
  it 's a diaspora attitude , probably due to emigrants in america if i had to guess , similar to how it 's easy to become an israeli citizen . 
  if they 're smart they 'll work out how to profit from it , but do n't expect their government to agree with this author . 
  how is that connected to what i wrote ? 
  small admin cost , yeah . 
  not the best reason to pass up a chance at some clever politics . 
  i do n't see how being helpful to the most outward-looking brits would have a downside . 
  i said i would react when it affected me , so we agree on that . 
  but it 's affecting you now and not me . 
  how is it affecting you ? 
  like , a feeling of tension around asians ? 
  so , re-reading this thread , you 're saying that you 're worried over something you ca n't personally affect . 
  you must recognise how pointless that is . 
  ah , you think of terrorists as a they , like a powerful entity , not just an emergent property of many ordinary humans . 
  that 's a cognitive issue you share with conspiracy theorists . 
  instead , if you imagine each terrorist as an individual person like yourself , and then consider their motivations , it will probably be closer to the truth . 
  what are you going to do to ` deal with it ' ? 
  i do n't get worried , i become interested . 
  but if you 're asking at what point i would react , it would simply be when there was something for me to react to . 
  hundreds dead every week , specifically in scotland , and i might move out of the city . 
  if it was n't personal , i would n't take it personally . 
  there is no excuse for irrationality . 
  do you want to see the list of things that kill 200 people a year ? 
  worrying about such unlikely events is silly , and being encouraged to worry is manipulation . 
  i mean , you do n't have to accept that two hundred out of seven hundred million people will be killed by terrorists each year . 
  you might be the kind of person who eagerly watches the national lottery results . 
  i ca n't persuade people who do n't understand numbers . 
  acceptance is healthier for you , though . 
  well it 's going to happen , you ca n't control all humans . 
  a world without terrorism would be a strict totalitarian regime . 
  you said it was n't about the numbers , which are very small , but about the psychological effect of newspapers writing about it . 
  the terror . 
  my question is why choose to be afraid * once you 've seen the numbers * ? 
  that fear is something you can control . 
  so why play along ? 
  imagine if it continues at that rate !, 
  would almost be as bad as in the seventies . 
  tell your doctor you 're worried about something that happens to two hundred people a year , see how much patience they have with you . 
  [ you 're being manipulated ] ( http://www.datagraver.com/case/people-killed-by-terrorism-per-year-in-western-europe-1970-2015 ) . 
  ask yourself by whom and to what end . 
  do n't get organised . 
  look at the stats and realise it 's newspapers trying to create ` narratives ' out of nothing . 
  since we have global information but localised poverty this sort of thing will continue and increase until global society is fairer . 
  a lot of people do n't want that outcome , they 're invested in the status quo , so there will be wars and probably genocides across europe and the middle east first . 
  what would you say is an acceptable level of murder ? 
  if you say none you 've condemned us to totalitarianism . 
  statistically uninteresting though . 
  bailed out by the eu , couple of years austerity , fine now . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  northern european countries seem to be healthy in the euro . 
  huge potential benefit of being able to poach all the best graduates from england though . 
  that 's exactly what scotland 's economy is missing - even scottories say we need more immigration . 
  is the euro a bad currency for ireland ? 
  i do n't even know , but they seem okay . 
  not that nice . 
  they supported the tories in the 2015 election . 
  scotland in the eu and england out could be hugely beneficial as the brightest and best from england move up to keep their eu passports . 
  scotland 's economy has a demographic problem that ca n't be solved while westminster controls immigration . 
  deny it ? 
  i never hoid of it !, 
  still in the eu and exports are soaring . 
  costs nothing to say that . 
  i honestly think the main reason westminster politicians want to keep scotland is ego . 
  politically it 's 5 million people , one thirteenth of the population , and financially not much more than that . 
  but when you look on a map , scotland is the whole top part of your island . 
  imagine the american president visiting when there 's a border splitting your island , you 'd feel like the dominican republic . 
  i guessed bristol from your name but you must be old school . 
  to understand scotland now you have to go back to deindustrialisation in the eighties . 
  compare lanarkshire and sheffield , both fucked by thatcher , and thirty years later the northern english are feeling abandoned by their government and turning to xenophobia . 
  people in motherwell are equally unemployed , unhealthy and incomprehensible , but whether they like their government or not they do n't feel abandoned by it - it 's half an hour away in edinburgh . 
  emotionally , scotland and england have been separate countries for a while now . 
  that 's two edinburghs . 
  we only have four cities . 
  scottish people feel like they do n't get to vote for the uk government or in national referendums . 
  there can be huge popular support all across the country for staying in europe or a non-tory government and yet it counts for nothing . 
  they just want representation , nothing more . 
  they are n't trying to take anything away from you . 
  i 've heard a lot of scientists complain about the result , but hearing from higgs just reminds me that cern is in switzerland . 
  my prediction : scotland definitely wo n't leave the eu . 
  maybe only 60 % likely to leave uk . 
  lots of politics will happen in the gap between those possibilities . 
  who knew ed miliband was such a mighty foe ? 
  `` pakis go home . '', 
  if you see tories being interviewed on a sunday , it 's 100 % coordinated . 
  they 'll usually repeat the same slogans across all media . 
  blair started this , cameron loved it , may does it too . 
  it 's shown pretty accurately on the thick of it . 
  michael howard repeated the same stuff on the sunday politics to andrew neil . 
  two interviews , not one . 
  policy , yet not policy . 
  that was the point .
