if your theory is true then it means , that the dumb germans that survived where able to build a really good working economy in a relatively short timespan . 
  that 's incredible !, 
   a real holiday without work a whole day where i can play [ my games ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hfdydfo.jpg ) ? 
  yes !, 
  right is being conservative and keeping tradition like your religion . 
  a theocracy is definetly part of the conservative spectrum . 
  you have more in the political spectrum then simple the one right and the one left . 
  liberalism does come from a big believe of freedom ( e.g. 
  it is part of the left spectrum as socialism ( which does not like the free market ) is . 
   the solution is easy . 
  stop the immigration flow and then control it . 
  and this what i was trying to point out . 
  it is easy to say to stop immigration and control it if thousends are coming . 
  people ( and i ) want that . 
  but politicians did not find a way to actually do it in a manner that works . 
  but yes , i still can not understand why it is still allowed that mosques are funded by foreign orgs . 
  this is simply crazy and would probably help a lot . 
  and it will keep happening . 
  i do n't enjoy that but this is a fact . 
  big masses of people ( not refering to refugees here but e.g. 
  a big crowded metropole ) will always have some fanatics or mental ill people who do things like that without a rational reason . 
  `` being a pawn to the right if that means i can safely walk the streets '' like the guy i responded to said , will not make it better . 
  terrorists will find a way around that and you still have the problem that no one has a working solution . 
  which is it ? 
  it is a fact that those people that actually commit terrorist acts are a big minority of muslims . 
  even if you ignore that : how are you going to bann a religion ? 
  the sovet union tried that and many people still practised their religion at home and/or secret meetings ( my family included ) . 
  imagine your government would tell you : `` stop thinking about topic x ! '' . 
  this will probably not work . 
   the more this happens the more i rethink moving to europe even with all those terrorist attacks , you are way more safe in europe compared to most of the earth . 
  my favourite example is germany : with refugees germany has the same number of homicide like chicago . 
  80 million people vs. 3 million people . 
  you can quadtruple the murder rate of germany and are still lower compared to the us . 
  if you consider the us safe and a country that is worth immigrating in , you should feel safe here , too !, 
   make funny jokes about how this might be a catholic i am always wondering how most people in europe call themself christian and think that the victims of terrorists deserved it and/or are that hard against refugees . 
  christians should be the group of population that is the most pro about helping refugees if they actually follow the bible . 
  edit : as i am getting downvoted : it is not my opinion that accepting every refugee is good and should be done . 
  but it still stands that the bible is clearly saying multiple times that you should help people in need , offer them food and shelter . 
  the thing is that it 's always easy to say `` hey politicians , just controll immigration ! '' . 
  politicians know that they should . 
  those are the experts . 
  but no one has an answer about how to really do it in a way that actually works . 
  and that 's the thing . 
  you can safely walk down the streets . 
  it is very unlinkely that you will get hurt and in fact the data shows ( you can look the accidents up , if you want ) that it was more dangerous in the past . 
  but there was no internet that instantly spread every news about attacks around the world and started fear . 
   hard to read , because of the camel casing of nouns does this not making reading easier ? 
  instead of having everything uniform , you instantly recognize nouns . 
  the place that got the most investments by the eu . 
  well , thanks i guess ? 
  i can understand that . 
  but still : should it not be enough to simply look at the russian politics of the last two years to be somewhat reluctant to russia ? 
  le pen openly met with putin and suddenly said that the annexation of crimea is legitimate . 
  in addition it became public that she got funded by russians and has debts in russian banks . 
  i could not vote for a politician that gets that much influenced . 
  cool , it looks like you do not know how the eu works, 
  but this are the actual reasons . 
  i have talked with pro russia people in germany ( not russians ! ) . 
  they like that putin is someone who actually does some actions and is not waiting for aprovements of every politician . 
  they enjoy that putin is saying ` no ! ', 
  to america because according to them germany had been lead by obama the last 8 years and that germany is doing everything the usa wants . 
  they think merkel is weak because she does not have a hard stance about the current topics like terrorism/refugees ( many pro putin believe refugees = terrorism ) . 
  according to them we should simply bomb syria and close our borders because that would be a solution and not damage our economy . 
  i am not sure . 
  but i can imagine that those are protected, 
   germany is bad because there is no visible difference well , actually the letters are different thus the whole logo has a visible difference because you can see the letters . 
  it is not directly visible at the first glance , but it is visible !, 
  i agree . 
  i can see that those logos are nice if you know everyone . 
  but with the german logo you instantly see that it is something from the government . 
  if you get a letter from a governmental organisation , i will gladly take 1s more time to read it , instead of accidently disregarding the letter because it has a logo that looks like some random advertisements, 
  saying you are going to kill every muslim/jew in your area might do that . 
  simple criticismdoes not . 
  or the largest economy which is the only thing that is relevant here, 
  and who do you think is our economy is relying on if not on the eu ? 
   entire government program fits in one side of an a4 sheet of paper is this true ? 
  lol, 
  so you are upset about immigrants and plan to immigrate ? 
  yeah . 
  nobody knew that democracy could be so complicated . 
  yeah , i know it can be cold there in winter . 
  but what about the summer ? 
  is it okay ? 
  it is similar with germans that lived in russia in the soviet union and came back to germany when they could at the fall of the soviet union or russians living in germany . 
  i belong to that group and what i can collect from my family members that are very much pro russia : the biggest part is nostalgia . 
  even when they were super poor in the ex-ussr and basicly just making their ends meet with an own garden to produce enough food to live , they somehow imagine that they lived a lot better back than compared to now where everyone build their own house , has a nice job , a good car and earns enough money to live good . 
  somehow they glorify their past and now russia even with the ussr basicly destroying everything they had ( including killing family members because they might be german spies ) . 
  it simply is not rational . 
  they have a good living here and simply forget/do not see all the bad things . 
  they see a leader like putin/erdogan that appears strong and can do whatever he wants in his country and like that . 
  all roads lead to rome confirmed . 
  i can confirm that the fellow human you replied to is not a robot but belonging to our human specimen . 
  you should stop your investigation immediately . 
  so you probably tasted every coffee in italy ? 
  it is not anti-americanism that you are downvoted . 
  you simply generalize that everything is worse then your examples because muh america, 
  or you are plain wrong . 
  carneval/fasching ( fasching 13th century , carneval is dated at the 17th century ) is an older tradition compared to fallas ( 18th century ) . 
  hehe !, 
  pile on !,
