  of course it can reject you , and oftentimes does . 
  but it can not confirm what you are . 
  you either are a german or you are n't . 
  you either are a german citizen or you are n't . 
  you can be both , you can be just one of them . 
  the society you live in has zero impact on this . 
  of course i 'm not . 
  life is a jest !, 
  well , his passport says that he is a citizen of the federal republic of germany . 
  it does n't say he is german . 
  i can naturalize as a german citizen but i 'll never be german . 
  if i go live in germany i 'll make every attempt to integrate into their society . 
  but i wo n't be german , ever . 
  ` the society we are living in ' can not confirm anything . 
  when you run out of arguments , you start pasting this stockphrase of yours . 
  so true it became proverbial . 
  are you describing a cemetery ? 
  very calm and chill . 
   generally , the further south you go , the more laid-back the people 's attitude tends to be . 
  from a legal point of view , no difficulties at all . 
  for the time being , you can move there with no problems . 
  about language ... 
  the majority of swiss people speak swiss german , but it wo n't help you at all if you move to a french or italian speaking part of switzerland . 
  so it just depends where exactly you 're gon na live . 
  there 's not much space for any more , to be frank !, 
  yes , absolutely possible for liechtenstein . 
  [ edit : apparently subject to yearly quotas ] but i 'm not sure for andorra . 
  do they have a bilateral treaty with france about each other 's citizens ' ability to live in both countries ? 
  that would only work for liechtenstein though , andorra is not a part of eea . 
  yes , it really was the dirtiest i 've ever seen . 
  the second is naples and the third brussels . 
  the water part evaporates , the sticky part remains !, 
   slovenia surely has an interesting history too . 
  more than you 'd imagine , 
  whilst your point about big cities having to look nice for tourists is true , i must say that i have never seen dirtier a city than paris . 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  til about ` old montenegro ' , 
  i 'm yet to find out . 
  :d and if that 's true , i 'll be asocial for the rest of my life . 
  yes of course , we all know that citizenship/statehood things have little to do with anyone 's personal ethnicity . 
   at least in some countries . 
  thank you for the answer - very , very interesting . 
  so you speak the normal slavic language of the region , which ( combined with your muslim faith ) would lead me to take you for a bosniak . 
  but no , how mistaken would i be !, 
  ages ago , i have read something about the goranci people ( muslim slavs in kosovo ) - this seems similar to your situation , but you do n't have any special name for your ethnicity , just `` muslim '' ? 
  i know that people are very sensitive about the ethinicity/language/religion in the balkans . 
  the whole region is , indeed , very rich in diversity . 
  and we do n't have those stupid and childish initiation rites and sick over-zealous `` sense of belonging '' . 
  so you are a muslim , but also a slav - is that right ? 
  sorry for pestering you , but there is such an interesting variety of people in the balkans and i 've always been fascinated with this . 
  make sure to message them , yes . 
  anyway there is a considerable number of ethnic albanians living in montenegro . 
  are you on of them , out of curiosity ? 
  remind me when albania was a part of yugoslavia ? 
   jokes aside , we really like to think we are different from the other ex-yu countries . 
  and there 's probably a grain of truth in this opinion . 
  see my edit  it seems that liechtenstein and san marino both require 30 years . 
  well , there are worse people out there . 
  you have to have lived at least 20 years in andorra and renounce your current citizenship . 
  i 'm not sure about liechtenstein . 
  ( edit : apparently there is a 30 years ' residence requirement ! ), 
  it 's not about cleaning them , it 's about not soiling them in the first place . 
  people do n't spit on pavements , drop litter and urinate everywhere ( all of this personally seen in the balkans !, 
  oprosti . 
  orthodox represent ? 
  see above ... resno no , kolk si zabit ? 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i have , but judging by your posts elsewhere it just does n't make sense to put any effort in explaining because you will just repeat your original idea over and over and , ultimately , declare me an idiot . 
  yes , you really can deduce this from my attempted witty remark . 
  i salute you , sir , and hereby end this fruitless conversation !, 
  well if you * really * think what you just wrote is true ... to each its own !, 
  the lady doth protest too much , methinks !, 
  why would they do anything for us ? 
  they are our biggest trade partner anyway , so we can say we live on their money :d, 
  venice !, 
  in my experience , 15 minutes is fine . 
  you can check the departure platforms online before you even arrive , so you 'll know where to go as soon as you exit the train . 
  i think you 'll also be able to communicate in english with any train staff . 
  i am the late prince 's lawyer and can give you $ 500000 if you send me $ 5000 first !, 
  act quickly . 
  i think you misunderstood his reply . 
  he said that people on reddit refer to america as if it were one country . 
  how this relates to his level of education or general education levels in austria i can not fathom . 
  well , the transition was not that hard . 
  our rate in slovenia was 239.64 tolars to $ 1 so we had to adjust to small numbers and the importance of little coins , but that was it . 
  it 's been almost 10 years now , i do n't think anybody thinks in old currency anymore . 
  i really ca n't see why this is such a problem for you . 
  so 65,000,001 people ( including me ) lie when they say that scotland is not a province ? 
   why are only scotish people reacting like it is important ? 
  all the people react like it is important . 
  this is not particularly scottish . 
   why is this such a hot topic/taboo among scotish people it is a hot topic because they have hard feelings for historical reasons , a recent referendum , present political system is n't ideal , they feel dictated by westminster , but also their mps can make life miserable for the english & welsh . 
   while it is not in the rest of the uk ? 
  it is . 
  it is present everywhere . 
  check plaid cymru for example . 
  check how the provinces of wales and england played a football match in the european championship . 
   i can tell you that statement is a lie because it would mean uk people are one hivemind o_o you are lying !, 
  what ? 
  sorry , * what * ?
