  no states , no provinces . 
  for administrative purposes ( issuing id cards , passports , marriage certificates , driving licences etc. 
  ) , there are 58 administrative units . 
  they are effectively just local branches of government and serve no other purpose . 
  for purposes of local government , our country is divided into 212 municipalities . 
  every municipality has an elected mayor and a municipality council . 
  11 of the municipalities have urban status , so they will have a city council instead of a municipality council , but that 's about it . 
  municipalities have very limited powers about local things only . 
  my country is called * an tsl\u00f3iv\u00e9in * and there are others with a * v * too . 
  it seems they were reluctant to use * bh * in words that are obviously not of irish origin . 
  i think this is not the same zlatko !, 
  cigan = gypsy, 
  oh , just the surname, 
  haha , 
  i 'm not sure who she is or what she 's done ... 
  always in the yellow press though . 
  edit : it seems she was a weather forecaster at one point ... :d https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pb6utylk3pi, 
  which is ... suisse . 
  amazing !, 
  our church does n't have enough bells to play any melody though . 
  and manx gaelic too ( yn elveeish ) , that 's where the map is wrong , 
  in slovenia , we vote for four things : 1 ) the president of the republic 2 ) the seats in the national assembly ( parliament ) 3 ) the seats in the european parliament 4 ) the seats in local ( municipal ) councils occasionally , there are also referendums . 
  the voting always takes place on a sunday , but these elections usually do n't occur in the same year . 
  there have been some `` super-elections '' though , i remember a few years ago two or three of the above took place on the same day . 
  switzerland has a long tradition of neutrality and multilinguism . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/map_languages_ch.png as you can see on the map , there are four national languages : german , french , italian and romansh ; all are official wth the latter being a bit less official than the former three ... as far as i understand from wikipedia . 
   maybe u/lejeune _ dirichelet will be able to explain . 
  and the wonderful gaelic languages !, 
  this map is amazing :d, 
  but are they worth their metal ? 
  take the $ 2 coin for example . 
  it is made from an alloy of copper , nickel and zinc . 
  it weighs 8.5 g. 
  even if it were made of pure nickel ( which is the most expensive of the three elements ) , it would be worth $ 0.06 at today 's prices . 
  that 's true , but they need n't necessarily be different . 
  the front side should be the same and the back side ( where the bridges are ) could be replaced by national symbols . 
  but the same size , design , fonts , and colour scheme retained . 
  the above dutch person and their attitude , i think . 
  the case with pounds is a bit more complex . 
  to start with , different issues really look different . 
  different sizes , colours , designs . 
  i beg to differ . 
  do you really think a german $ 2 coin is worth more than a spanish one ? 
  why would it be any different with notes ? 
  and the banknotes are not produced in their respective countries - they are printed all over europe . 
  bank of scotland 's `` bridges of scotland series '' , for example, 
  i was talking about free water out of the tap, 
  i 'm sure they would just hike up the price to 2.10 !, 
  then you 're being ripped off anyway because you should drink tap water . 
  oh no , not at all , i 'm the last to be offended . 
  i would n't class the whole of the former eastern bloc as `` eastern europe '' ; but i have to admit that , although full of the stern `` we are in central europe '' attitude , we are often more eastern than we like to think . 
  sorry , i misunderstood the question . 
  i thought op was refering to `` east of italy '' , `` germany '' and `` switzerland '' as being in eastern europe which they are clearly not . 
  oh i see , i misunderstood the question , sorry . 
  i agree with tonygaze !, 
  my regular mcdonald 's meal costs $ 2.07 so i absolutely * have * to use them !, 
  east of italy , germany and switzerland are not by any definition in eastern europe !, 
  i would recommend some germany and switzerland . 
  i 'm not sure eastern italy is worth seeing . 
  maybe venice ? 
  i believe only finland and the netherlands ignore 1 and 2 cent coins at the moment . 
  i always found it odd that the lats was actually worth * more * than the euro . 
  so now you have even smaller coins !, 
  well yes , at the time it was quite useful ( see my post down below ) . 
  it was worth ten tolars , there were also coins for 1 , 2 and 5 tolars and all were frequently used . 
  some years before euro they started minting 10 , 20 and 50 tolars coins too , so the equivalent baknotes became rarer . 
  there were also coins for 10 , 20 and 50 stotins ( 1/100th of a tolar ) , but these were rarely seen . 
  the bills were always rounded up or down to the nearest tolar so you could only use them if they added up . 
  i actually have a nice set of coins of the old british money . 
  my favourite is of course the farthing , 1/960th of a pound . 
  but still apparently worth more than today 's 1p at the time it was discontinued . 
  ( oh and there are still # 1 notes in scotland and some other places i think ), 
  our lowest banknote was worth $ 0.04 , 
  yes , probably . 
  the figures change every year, 
  this table is not quite accurate ( at least for slovenia ) . 
  the tax-free amount is currently a bit above $ 10,800 / year . 
  but then you can get a lot of add-ons to increase this amount , for example for disabilites , dependent children and other family members , if you 're a student or paying into a pension . 
  i personally do n't miss the tolars , though i think they looked really nice : http://mayimbe.blog.siol.net/files/2010/05/tolarji-3.jpg transition to the euro was quite a shock because we were used to big figures ( 239.64 tolars to 1 euro ) , but now almost ten years have passed and i think everybody has forgotten . 
  occasionally , people nostalgically complain `` do you remember how much i could buy with 1,000 tolars ( $ 4.17 ) back then , now i ca n't even buy a round for $ 20 '' etc. 
  but they conveniently forget about inflation . 
  there is a direct night train from munich to belgrade . 
  if you drive , do n't forget to buy highway toll stickers for austria and slovenia . 
  ( german highways are free , in croatia and serbia toll is collected on the roads ) either way , there will be two border checks : slovenia/croatia and croatia/serbia so make sure you have all the necessary documents and visas if you need them . 
  yes it was quite an experience !, 
   i was lucky to have been able to avoid the young driver insurance by completing the safe driving test . 
  saved quite a lot of money over the course of three years . 
  yes , i got my licence 6 years ago and it was like this . 
  i remember the actual figure : ** $ 1,200.96 ** :d i passed everything on 1st try , except the last `` main '' drive which i had to do twice . 
  this does n't cover the cost of getting the actual licence card issued ( around $ 20 ) which was only valid for 5 years ( because i wear glasses ) , so after 3 years i had to get another medical check ( $ 60 ) and get a new licence card issued ( $ 20 ) . 
  this one is valid for 10 years and after that i 'll have to do the whole thing again i guess . 
  about the young driver safe driving test - i was lucky to get my licence a month before this was made obligatory . 
  but i went nevertheless because having a certificate waived the fee that insurance companies charge for young drivers , so it was worth it financially . 
  i live next to a church . 
  the bells in the church towers ring : simple strokes : 1 ) every 15 minutes to indicate time . 
  for about a minute and a half , full-scale ringing at the following times : 2 ) every day at 7:00 , 12:00 and dusk ( varies between 17:00 and 21:30 ) 3 ) 15 minutes before mass ( once a day , twice on sundays ) 4 ) fridays at 15:00 5 ) saturdays at 16:00 what is the situation in your country ? 
  differences between cities and countryside ? 
  are you annoyed or you do n't notice ? 
  i must say that i do n't notice . 
  i am never waked by the 7:00 ringing although my window faces the church .
