  prices in shops remained written in both currencies for 6 months , afterwards it was euro only . 
  our old coins can still be changed into euro at the bank of slovenia ( until end 2016 ) and the old banknotes indefinitely . 
  i was actually in trieste yesterday . 
  i saw in a souvenir shop a kitchen towel with the territory of trieste depicted on it . 
  to the east of it , there was a nice little yugoslavian flag and ` slovenia ' written next to it . 
  sometimes , one despairs . 
  some people in trieste have no clue where slovenia is . 
  which is appalling , given that it 's * everywhere * in a 5 km radius from trieste . 
  in slovenia , everybody has a name and a surname . 
  each of them can be composed of maximum two words . 
  allowed characters are the letters of the slovenian alphabet plus the foreign letters ( q w x y ) . 
  we also allow \u0107 and \u0111 ( for croatian , bosnian and serbian names ) and , to accommodate our minorities ( italian and hungarian ) their characters are allowed too ( \u00e1 \u00e9 \u00ed \u00f3 \u00fa \u00f6 \u00fc \u0151 \u0171 \u00e0 \u00e8 \u00ec \u00f2 \u00f9 ) . 
  i really do n't know what happens to other letters ( for example german \u00e4 ) , but i know that russian and ukrainian names get transliterated using the international system ( which looks awful ) . 
  regarding masculine/feminine forms of surnames , everybody can change their surname into whatever they like , so ultimately this can be done . 
  i was born after the breakup of yugoslavia , so i have zero experience with it . 
  but i do n't miss it and i do n't identify with the idea at all . 
  just as an aside , i always thought of the flag colour as brown . 
  lithuania 3 . 
  georgia 4 . 
  estonia 6 . 
  ukraine 7 . 
  iceland 8 . 
  germany 9 . 
  sweden 10 . 
  european 4 . ex-habsburg !, 
  [ badass level 999 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/13/queensmessengerpassport.jpg/220px-queensmessengerpassport.jpg ), 
  oh they did redesign them , putting ` european union ' on them . 
  knowing full well all other passports are burgundy ... 
  they like to be different , you know , 
  yes , it 's do to with privacy concerns . 
  the id cards show your address * and are linked to a national database of citizens and the uk ( and ireland ) somehow dislike this . 
  in the majority of european countries , there is a requirement to have at least one official id and the id card is usually what most people have as it 's really practical and useful . 
  we only get a passport if it 's * really * necessary ( usa , russia etc. 
  ) , because it 's quite expensive !, 
  * our passports show the address too , so it 's really no different . 
  i currently work in a hotel and yes , the israelis are dreaded . 
  i 'm so happy when they cancel a booking . 
  oh you irish with your smartass passport cards !!, 
   anyway , i have never needed a passport flying with ryanair , even on extra-schengen flights . 
  low-cost flights seem ideal . 
  but they would of course slap you with astronomic fees for that much luggage . 
   250 lbs you mean 113 kg , right ? 
  this is what i know from older people ( i 'm too young to remember ) : holders of yugoslavian passports had the best of the both worlds . 
  they were viewed as ` ours ' on the east and ` not really eastern ' on the west . 
  they could travel just with their passports to the eastern countries , and with visas to the western countries . 
  in the last years of yugoslavia , there was a thing called ` deposit ' which meant you had to pay quite a considerable sum of money to get permission to leave the country ( but i do n't know if you got this back once you returned ) . 
  after the fall of yugoslavia , the borders remained the same and we got an additional one with croatia . 
  having travelled to italy and austria multiple times , i remember the policemen just glanced at the passport photo . 
  then there were customs officers but we * never * declared anything ( which does n't mean we had nothing to declare , hehe ) . 
  i remember we had to open the trunk once for inspection , but nothing was amiss . 
  the border with croatia was more relaxed , usually we were waived through based on our registration plate . 
  just flashing our passports and stating ` tourism ' was enough . 
  there was this sense of ` meh , sorry we * have * to do it , but we 're all in this together ' about the staff at the border . 
  they did check other people ( non slovenes/croats ) thoroughly , as far as i remember . 
  i 've never gone to hungary before schengen so no experience there . 
  when schengen arrived , it was just what it said on the tin . 
  no controls whatsoever for italy , austria and hungary . 
  the border posts lie abandoned and are quite a sorry sight . 
  when we cross , we always joke about the good ol' times ... :d there remain checks on the croatian border though but they have n't changed considerably . 
  i believe it was completely impossible to cross the slovenian ( at the time yugoslavian ) - hungarian border at that time . 
  but i 'm too young to remember . 
   there 's a lot of people here that just spur hatred just for the sake of spurring hatred and do n't really care about what we - in the bordering regions think about important matters that are mostly our own business . 
  yes that 's true . 
  people living along the border generally get along very well . 
  personally , all my interactions with croats were very nice , but the image that your country/government gives is very unpleasant . 
  oh right , my bad . 
  i misinterpreted that + sign in your comment !, 
  omg . 
  hahahaha b r i l l i a n t. 
  i once met a french person who was amazed by the fact that we have motorways . 
  ` is n't your country * small * ? ', 
  sorry , but you brits never really understood what all this ` eu ' thing is about ... , 
  yes i know that , i was just commenting that having a national insurance number is not a proof of being resident in the uk and being an eu citizen , as u/prigby wrote above . 
  douze points for spelling ljubljana right !, 
  oh , we love it !, 
   not being allowed to vote in your home country instead . 
  this happens in some countries - i.e. 
  if you 've been abroad too long , you ca n't vote anymore in your country . 
   well if you are in the commonwealth the queen is the head of state however the queen is merely a head of state that citizens of e.g. 
  tuvalu share with those of the uk ; and voting does n't impact any of this ceremonial stuff anyway . 
  there are also other countries in the commonwealth which are republics ( e.g. 
  pakistan ) and they have absolutely nothing to do with the royal family . 
  do n't get me wrong , i get the idea behind this arrangements ; it just seems strange to me that a country should grant voting rights to people from more than 50 different countries , all based on such a loose association . 
   all ni citizens can instantly get an irish passport i thought it was all those * born * in ni . 
  i can maybe understand that irish citizens get a vote , but all commonwealth citizens ... 
  * why ? 
   in the uk that would be when you have a national insurance number but one can get this number immediately after moving . 
  and it 's not reserved for eu citizens either . 
  i do n't really support the idea , even if long-term resident . 
  as you said , eu citizens can already vote in local elections and i think that 's enough . 
  if you want to have a say in a country 's national politics , make an effort and become its citizen . 
  no , but it 's perfectly fine to talk to strangers on our railways haha :d, 
  has to be croatia . 
  border disputes and other issues from our common past . 
  oh , i think you misunderstand . 
  we 're talking about the underground ( london ) here . 
  you can do that , but they wo n't erase you . 
  the church only keeps records on baptisms , marriages and deaths ( funerals ) . 
  as all of these are * faits accomplis * , you ca n't change that . 
  well people get nervous and angry if you just look at them for more than a second .
