article is 4 years old ... 
   we do n't have that much space . 
  we 're full of mountains . 
  even if you account for 50 % of the country being uninhabitable we got enough space . 
  but i do n't really mind if we have to rely somewhat on importing food . 
  and it 's not like 2100 is tomorrow . 
  we got plenty of room for more people here , 
   actually i agree with this definition of western europe . 
  western europe = west of the iron curtain . 
  eastern europe = east of the iron curtain . 
  as simple as that . 
  i 'll have to admit my brain still divides europe east/west where the iron curtain used to be , but i really do n't think it 's a constructive way to view europe anymore . 
  in most circumstances i 'd say other better terms than east/west/north / south . 
  it 's blue and yellow so belongs to both `` western europe '' and `` central europe '' just like spain belongs both in western and southern category . 
   so if those decision makers are too far removed from the population , then why are n't they when they decide on national policy ? 
  for national laws you vote directly for the person who is going to represent you in parliament ( or you vote for the party based on lists ) . 
  for the council you still only get to vote on your representative to national parliament . 
  that representative then gets a vote on who 's going to be head of government . 
  the head of government then appoints minister to the council . 
  and while who 's candidate for head of government is something the voter tends to know before an election , who 's going to be ministers are usually unknown . 
  there 's quite a bit of variation between countries on how election works , but whenever you add layers between the person on the ballot and the person who ends up in charge you increase the distance between the power and the people . 
   if you think that that democratic distance is too large , then all the member states have a democratic deficit i reject that conclusion . 
  it does n't follow from the premise . 
   the question is not do you prefer russian idea 's to western idea 's . 
  the question is really if the world is better off when it is multi-polar then when it is uni-polar . 
  that 's because you think it does n't matter what the balancing power stands for . 
  i believe it 's essential what we are balancing against and i do n't think deviating voices needs to be the polar opposite . 
   you 're missing the part where what the eu decides is also what nations decide via the council of the eu . 
  nothing happens in the eu without approval of nation states themselves . 
  no , i 'm not missing that part . 
  my problem is the distance between the voter and the guys in charge ( = the council ) . 
  the closest thing you can get is that the voter directly votes on the guy who 's going to represent them on the council . 
  but that 's not how the system works . 
  since the council is made up of ministers it 's really detached from voters . 
  ministers are appointed by head of government , but even the head of government is often not directly elected . 
  as a result you 'll need to vote for a representative to your national parliament who will then pick a head of government and then the head of government appoints the minister . 
  that 's two additional people between you and the guy representing you on the council creating a huge distance . 
  and then it gets worse . 
  ministers are busy people . 
  as a result they outsource most of the job to coreper in practice making it even further from the voters control . 
   yes but at least we can vote people who to rule us . 
  if they are inept , they are voted out . 
  but in this system , one swamp occupies the head and others only suffer . 
  people who vote in favor of federalizing the eu probably assumes a democratic reform where you move power to the institutions directly elected by the voters . 
  as such one can easily argue that federalizing the eu moves power closer to the voter . 
  the current situation where the eu decides a lot , but is not directly accountable to the voters is very awkward and problematic . 
  i do n't really see any ideas worth spreading coming for russia . 
  they 're not in the forefront of anything . 
  i want western ( or as i prefer to say ; modern ) ideas to spread and take root everywhere . 
  as for the bad ideas coming from the west . 
  the counter to those are also found in the west . 
  it 's not like ` the west ' is one unified block . 
  i want every country how embraces the values of liberal democracies to succeed . 
  so what i really want is to see countries like estonia flourish . 
  we need a strong europe and we need success stories that shows how embracing western values is the road to happiness . 
  source says 232,700 http://www.globalfirepower.com/country-military-strength-detail.asp?country_id=finland, 
   since when does gdp equals success ? 
  i 'd say it 's a very good indicator . 
  if you sort by ppp and not nominal ( which is fair enough ) . 
  but yes , the us is very wealthy . 
  imo europeans tend to not fully understand how successful the us is . 
   centre slavs + finland . 
  pls . 
  dont do this . 
  but is n't month of the sickle/harvest a lot cooler and more interesting than august ? 
  i think it 's the majority who 's in the wrong here . 
  no , not really . 
  if i turn on the tv and i see an italian athlete competing in a sport against someone from another continent i 'm not going to immediately cheer for the italian just because he 's a fellow european . 
  i do recognize that a lot of the ` good stuff ' in the world originates from europe and we of course share a lot of interests and thus largely profit from working closely together , my national identity is a lot stronger than my european . 
  using `` europe '' as a synonym for eu is like using `` north america '' as a synonym for united states of america . 
  i would say that the question where 61 % of leave voters say that high economic damage is a price worth paying is the one to highlight here . 
  but in both cases , answering a poll is easy . 
   unless you were irish or sweedish . 
   inaction makes you just as guilty in my opinion . 
  there 's no doubt sweden chose a `` sweden first '' approach . 
  and just like the current immigration debate you might ask how much suffering should a country be obliged to accept in order to help other people ? 
   reducing child mortality and increasing other areas of development is what will bring that number down to 2-4 kids . 
  this !, 
  reduce child mortality rate and educate the women so they can have fewer children but rather invest more resources into the ones they do get . 
   really ? 
  migration is slowing down to europe as a result of improving economic conditions ? 
  living conditions in african countries are much better today . 
  giving people in africa a better life is a goal in itself . 
  and of course , if we can actually make countries decent we can send migrants back . 
   5 ) europe and usa have spent billions and billions on africa and what has that actually resulted in ? 
  significant improvements . 
  things are much better today than before the aid started . 
  listened to this a few days ago and i felt it was almost `` rotherham , therefore europe is dead . '', 
  there really was n't any discussion of solutions making the podcast rather disappointing imo . 
  this is a good example of why i do n't like the eu . 
  they want to regulate everything . 
   greece ? 
  why ? 
  because it 's easy to get to . 
   sweden : swish  free , instant transfer between people using an app on your phone . 
  and you can use it for payments in stores . 
  swish is a collaboration between the major banks in sweden . 
  and that 's pretty much europe in a nutshell . 
  we make these really good services and then we keep them to ourselves rather than exporting them . 
  as a result swish ( and other high quality european banking services ) risk being pushed out by apple , google , visa and mastercard in the long run .
