  merkel has had her bundespressekonferenz yesterday and let me tell you that she is concerned . 
  we have no legal basis to properly act right now and this is a huge problem . 
  physicians often ca n't even do field examinations because of legal issues . 
  there are literally 100s of problems like that . 
  being concerned here is the natural and right thing . 
  because all brown people are obviously uneducated . 
  i know germans who are incapable of finishing their bachelors at 35 after ~ 15 years of study . 
  education takes time , but that is a far better price to pay than war for the refugee or worker shortage for germany . 
  it 's okay to be scared because this is a difficult situation . 
  you would be a bigot if you would judge the * people * based on their culture and skin color ( as is fashion on / r/worldnews ) this is an extremely difficult situation to deal with but it is okay . 
  it is n't over our heads . 
  we have been overwhelmed by this because we are n't ready . 
  but we * can * deal with this . 
  munich is the first arrival point for these specific people , but germany is big and wealthy enough to provide shelter . 
  the nazis out there are trying to make everyone scared about evil murderers and rapists entering the country . 
  if you think that way i simply ask you to go help out one single day at one of the camps . 
  sort donated clothing or something , no special procedure needed . 
  see for yourself that the nazi fearmongering is complete bs . 
  what we have to change right now is our general attitude towards the situation . 
  there are many people like you who are simply and understandably scared . 
  the media has no calms to immediately call you `` fremdenfeindlich '' and the left in germany is very vocal . 
  very counterproductive . 
  this irresponsible behavior will push people to the right . 
  this polarization needs to stop in our country . 
  letting in everything with open arms and zero thinking about consequences is monumentally stupid . 
  what is 10 degrees more stupid however is the open threatening and call for violence against refugees . 
  yes , there is a higher incidence of crime in all forms among refugees . 
  yes most are male , young and uneducated . 
  but that is due to factors which we have the ability to combat and truly help these people . 
  there are more than enough jobs in germany by the way , many germans are simply too proud to work half of them ( care is one example - low pay and the general notion of `` having to wipe seniors ' butts '' ) . 
  nazis and bigots want to kill or turn these people away based on not being german enough . 
  the readiness for open violence is extremely clear now . 
  these idiots threw a molotov cocktail at sleeping children this week . 
  i do n't believe for a second that you support burning children in their sleep . 
  that 's what real neonazis and bigots do however and it is undeniable that we need to stop them with the full force of our justice system . 
   [ english ]  article 1 [ human dignity -- human rights -- legally binding force of basic rights ] ( 1 ) ** human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
  ** ( 2 ) the german people therefore acknowledge inviolable and inalienable human rights as the basis of every community , of peace and of justice in the world . 
  ( 3 ) the following basic rights shall bind the legislature , the executive and the judiciary as directly applicable law . 
  and no , this is n't limited to german born people . 
  anyone who tells you that has no idea what they 're talking about . 
  this law was written a handful of years after ww2 ( 1949 ) . 
  remember the context . 
  it is valid to be scared and concerned . 
  politics is too slow and does n't do a good job explaining , planning , doing . 
  heidenau pressured them to and now finally things are starting to roll . 
  what we have to stop is polarizing . 
  both the right and left are dangerous people . 
  nationalism is strong again , for reddit especially on / r/worldnews . 
  italian couple gets stabbed by refugee ? 
  all refugees are murderers waiting to happen !, 
  congratulations on your very select list of strange videos to make it seem like these are the only crazy and criminal people in france . 
  an unbiased source would be to get your ass outside and ask people who are living through this hell . 
  there are no superior alternatives . 
  if you do a run down of the parties you can decide between merkel who has handled this refugee crisis very badly and is well regarded for nearly everything else ( opposes gay marriage though ) and the other parties who are the embodiments of incompetence , idiotism , populism , or radicalism.k most other germans used to vote spd ( center-left ) , but that party did a really good job at disintegrating itself and its values over the last decade . 
  i expect cdu to simply run with another candidate next term . 
  seriously ? 
  germans come into this thread and explain the situation and details of what is happening and why it is happening in their country . 
  then you come `` hurr durr absurd lel '' without any argument , example , whatsoever . 
  as a german , this was hammered into my brain by school and media . 
  must not be anti-eu establishment !, 
  so being a pirate in non-international waters is n't piracy ? 
  ( not saying you are wrong but i find it worth smiling about ), 
  this is reddit , why is anyone expecting a `` sensible '' discussion ? 
  the bigger subs are like zoos to watch . 
  it 's entertainment - watching the teenagers and adult morons of the world converse while sending each other wikipedia sources . 
  i 'm sorry dude , we do n't all condone it ... 
  idk if you 'll read this but / r/de has massively changed its stance after nye . 
  merci . 
  tons of people in germany want this but the media is literally attempting to brainwash us into blind welcome culture . 
  outlets like spiegel / spiegel online mostly had posts criticizing germans ' reaction to mass rape and germans ' being outraged at the gangs being arab / north african . 
  yesterday jakob augstein of spiegel posted an opinion piece that ... you just have to read . 
  i do n't even wan na write about it anymore ... ( ca n't link right now , will edit later ) and today florian twickel of spiegel heavily criticized `` hart aber fair '' ( a political talkshow ) where some politicians and the police union leader heavily criticized muslim macho culture and the ridiculous refugee situation . 
  the police union leader seriously says ( paraphrased ) : finally , after cologne , we are free to say publicly , that gangsters ( ganoven ) are also among them . 
  the same author also calls people conspiracy theorists for discussing how politics and political correctness have shut the police 's mouth when it comes to reporting `` politically sensitive '' crimes -- days and hours after multiple such reports emerged in various countries . 
  did you just suggest that the only rapists on the planet come from north africa ? 
  finland has no men who harass women ? 
  literally 0 ? 
  the difference is that finland or ( previously ) germany do n't have actual hordes of sex offenders who prey on helpless women in a chaotic crowd to maintain their anonymity . 
  ok , let 's start over and i wo n't insult you anymore . 
  what do you recommend a woman should do , if she has to pass through a train station and gets surrounded by 5-20 guys ? 
  i am honestly curious . 
  what can one woman do with 5-20 guys circling her ? 
  yes , european governments think they need to police the thoughts and opinions of people to protect their own power and prevent another political escalation . 
  actually in face of all the discrimination lots of mexicans work hard as fuck if you think about it ... 
  are you also the kind of scum that feels an urge to pull his dick out and harass women because they dare to wear a dress or make up ? 
  yes absolutely serious . 
  men can keep their dicks in their pants by themselves . 
  a bikini women is n't an excuse . 
  of course it does . 
  my gf is latin american , so a foreigner herself , and gets constantly approached and harassed by arabs mostly on the train or at train stations . 
  in another german city . 
  police does n't wan na do shit . 
  how does this relate to my post ? 
  sexual assaults happen daily , multiple times in bigger cities . 
  one report does n't mean anything ( unfortunately ) . 
  it 's news that there were entire groups of africans and/or arabs roaming around assaulting people for fun and profit . 
  1000 crazy people going batshit at the hbf . 
  police says number of suspects is far lower though because most people were n't involved in robbery or assault , although i doubt it when they say groups of 15 people . 
  that makes 15 people guilty , no matter who eventually physically took a phone or grabbed an ass .
