this is how i feel about dutch . 
  it 's basically a german-english in between thingy to my ears but i can only understand every 4th word . 
  you should come to the states . 
  it 's like they stopped caring about infrastructure in 1985 . 
  berlin is masterful in comparison , munich pure heaven . 
  i lived in berlin and munich and it really depends what you want . 
  munich is way more beautiful , the alps , the lakes ... they make me day dream ( i am out of country since a few years ) . 
  berlin is a lot more fun , but it 's not beautiful . 
  yes there is a lot of cool architecture , art and culture - no doubt . 
  but it does n't compare to the overall balanced urban design of munich . 
  obviously that 's all my subjective opinion . 
  not every german thinks that way , but those who do n't are actively branded as pegida neonazis . 
  `` concerned citizen '' is actually a slur term now . 
  it 's sure as hell not superimposing will on others like germany enjoys to do . 
  if your name is randy , ignore life . 
  this is so true it hurts . 
  at least nowadays we got the internet and can communicate / discuss with people and hear criticism . 
  islam * ca n't * have a big reform . 
  the entire premise of reform ( old vs. new testament + a lot of stuff jesus said ) is non-existent in islam and the quran is seen as allah 's final and absolute true word . 
  you can not just show up at meccas doorstep and reform allah 's official last and final words . 
  the entire religion is completely geared * against * reform . 
  constitutions take the backseat here because a book from the 7th century is universally seen as absolute last final truth ^ tm by the conservative muslim community . 
  except none of these are part of the bible but killing `` infidels '' is sure as hell part of that other book . 
  you are comparing small groups or single instances of massive idiots to an entire culture geared to violently spread itself and disregard basic human rights for women and other groups of people . 
  christianity was crazy and violent in the 11/12th century . 
  islam is today despite access to all the knowledge in the world ( minus whatever lingers in black projects :p ) . 
  the very nature of islam does n't allow for reform and enlightenment the way it was possible for christian cultures ( remember the difference btw . 
  old vs. new testament !, 
  detected the ( mental ? ), 
  teenager . 
  you forget that all these moderates are prime propaganda targets and will quickly become jihadis if the situation requires it . 
  the neonazi party is not illegal ( yet ) . 
  they 're trying to make the main one illegal ( npd ) but there 's multiple ones . 
  yes , that 's precisely why the salafists are doing that ... jesus christ how naive can you be ? 
  they are connecting with people and offer them a spiritual point of attachment in order to grow their ranks , not to fucking introduce islam and the koran to muslims . 
  it 's only good if it 's my opinion !, 
  known isis-sympathizing salafists have been attempting to hand out korans and make connections with refugees in an emergency camp here in hamburg . 
  police was called immediately but they went to the donation stations and tried to `` donate '' korans . 
  they were turned away by helpers after which they tried to hand out korans through the fences . 
  the good news is that german domestic intelligence and police are heavily watching these fuckers . 
  the bad news is that they ca n't do anything unless actual crimes are committed they are free to act like any bible-handout group and church with preachers . 
  the salafists are very careful about that . 
  i laughed out loud at the entire video . 
  thanks merkel , for making europeans hate us again . 
  for fucks sake . 
  and it wo n't i suppose . 
  there 's no confirmed news or sources , so it might be bs , but due to merkel 's message and traffickers spreading `` german paradise '' messages there are now 100s of thousands of people on their way . 
  i hope it is all wrong but i fear they will just run over our borders . 
  proper border protection wo n't happen and germans are supposed to take it up the ass in order to `` help '' . 
  i have noticed a vast change in attitudes online just over the last 2-3 days . 
  the first newspaper comment sections are now beginning to show concern and call overtly `` empathetic '' people out as hysteric drunken hypocrites , which they are ( there are 300,000 native homeless people in germany and they do n't get any help on that scale because it 's not fashionable on social media ) . 
  1.5 million by end of year , guaranteed . 
  this is why the border was restricted too . 
  influx control , not refugee denial . 
  [ oh and my comment from 1.5 days ago . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3knafd/documentary_done_recently_by_zdf_on_islam/cuyyxkh ), 
  wait , ending the war in syria wo n't mean that eritrea will stop relocating to germany ? 
  obviously no navy , but no air force either ? 
  the heer is the german army that 's why i am asking . 
  the border closure is a measure of control rather than barricading . 
  you can not stop the refugee storm by mere border controls and walls . 
  this is to reduce the influx amount at the current time , not to permanently deny refugees . 
  i was shouting too many weeks ago ... what merkel and the leftist `` feel good '' hysteria do , not every german agrees with it . 
  edit : of course i automatically brand myself as right-wing extremist this way . 
  how dare i think about consequences . 
  not a national crisis or anything , no . 
  if you yell through public ( ! ), 
  speaker phones what i am supposed to think and then ornament your statement by abusing john lennon 's imagine , then maybe that is extremely eerie in a supposedly free society . 
  but your statement is pulled out of thin air since i never accused the song or john lennon of anything . 
  it just happened to be the song they chose today and that 's not john lennon 's fault . 
  of course it would be acceptable for you to spout political messages through train station speakers because it is a message you agree with ... but dare someone else do the same , right ? 
  voluntarily , hamburg is very anti-racism and all which is great . 
  but it takes extremes like the leftist riots today . 
  it was insane . 
  what ? 
  i am not paying anything and i can access the pics . 
  check out the image gallery half way through the article . 
  do you notice something ? 
  yes they already know it 's breaking the 1,000,000 mark . 
  you can tell because de maiziere giving interviews now is saying `` we expect * at least * 800,000 probably more . '', 
  the `` probably more '' is usually fading into silence . 
  they are politically scared to bring out the real numbers . 
  do you have a problem with it you nazi ? 
  what makes me sick is what is happening in germany now . 
  i live in hamburg and there was supposed to be a huge demonstration against right wing nazis which is good . 
  but then they started blasting john lennons imagine in all train station and radio stations at exactly 12pm with a small `` anti-nazi announcement '' . 
  do you know how creepy this is ? 
  i felt like the arrival at city 17 in half-life 2 where train station loud speakers blast out propaganda . 
  i agree with the anti-nazi view but this leftist-propaganda which is now mainstream in germany is insane !, 
  i share the message man but i do n't need some creepy ass train propaganda to tell me what to think . 
  i do think that a united europe is the way to go . 
  i just also happen to think that the current system is disassembling itself . 
  if it does n't work another approach might need to be taken ? 
  yea see and this is the kind of garbage thinking that is rampant nowadays . 
  please point out my `` hate '' . 
  probably as opposed to you i have lived 6 years in another country myself . 
  why would i hate people trying to do the same ? 
  yes , the processing is insanely slow in germany . 
  8-12 months for a specific case to be processed . 
  oh and also we are actually bureaucratically incapable of sending the vast majority of people with rejections back .
