  you 're not wrong though i can totally understand why it took a few days to roll out * this * story . 
  a number of facts and details became clear later . 
  it 's not like journalists were on the scene recording first hand what happened . 
  it all has to become public first . 
  most of the assaulted women didnt file complaints right away . 
  yesterday alone the number jumped from 60 to 90 . 
  you are obviously xenophobic / s, 
  it 's what we have always done . 
  blame the other country , other group of people . 
  antagonize them for inner support . 
  easy way to rally masses behind you and what politician is n't power hungry enough to ruthlessly do that ? 
  france needs to clean up after itself . 
  treating migrants from ( formerly ) annexed countries and colonies like absolute horseshit is n't going to turn out pretty no matter how you put it . 
  violence , crime , and aggression are a social problem and not a problem of race , religion or culture . 
  that might be a contributing factor but nothing more . 
  if you leave thousands and thousands of arab youths without perspective and society shuns them then who the fuck would be surprised that they end up being susceptible to radicalization ? 
  it 's not a damn mystery . 
  and i can already smell the idiots coming out calling me an apologist . 
  i am certainly not . 
  this is about setting up livable conditions for the children that still have a chance in the future . 
  you can ignore the problem and more frustration , crime and violence will be the result . 
  or you can get over yourself and admit that not everything is going right at the moment . 
  also i wanted to add that this is also true for my own country and others . 
  i just specifically mentioned france by nature of this thread . 
  as someone who has lived in both as well , each for many years , i completely agree . 
  i would have fully agreed about a month ago . 
  my view might be skewed and i would welcome a correction , but following media i was under the impression that they have made some painful losses recently . 
  sinjar just a few days ago . 
  but i guess i might be wrong , not trying to spread misinformation : /, 
  it was an attack against humanity as a whole , like obama said . 
  what we face here are cowards . 
  the biggest cowards you can imagine . 
  the kind of people who get into a fight with you and then drive to a kindergarten to hurt your children in revenge because they ca n't take you on . 
  is is losing the war in syria . 
  they are the least manly men i have ever read about , covering all of history . 
  zero honor , zero willingness to stand up to the fight they picked . 
  instead , they murder civilians . 
  that 's the only thing they can murder . 
  unarmed women , elderly people , children in happy with environments . 
  and they must wear a beard to pronounce just how manly all of that is . 
  think about that . 
  war always brings crimes against humanity , collateral damage , and plain evil . 
  but these fuckers are n't even fighting a war . 
  they are n't an army that has a goal and is ruthless but coordinated like the russians in grozny . 
  they are the epitome of only attacking the ones that are weaker , and only from the back . 
  these are n't men . 
  they are sad excuses for humans who happen to have a penis . 
  can you imagine just how disgusting someone must be who feels victory and pride over killing unarmed civilians ? 
  you do n't have a point , so there 's nothing to prove . 
  a basis to support my claim ? 
  ladies and gentlemen , a typical neckbeard redditor just came out of the woodworks . 
  `` where is a source ? '', 
  how about you read up on the last 3000 years of history , literally anywhere : wikipedia , the library , museums . 
  specifically international affairs , and then realize that the demand for `` a basis to support my claim '' is equally ridiculous * in this case * as asking me for evidence that water is wet . 
  unfortunately very true : /, 
  yes absolutely . 
  but the problem is also : can \u00dcber really compete in the market when the taxi industry has unfair advantages ? 
  their strategy is more like : make people use it , like it , and upset if politicians try to make it disappear . 
  absolutely agree that employment protection etc. 
  is fucked up and needs to improve . 
  i just do n't think the establishment would let \u00dcber survive if they 'd go into the market like angels . 
  my feelings are hurt too :(, 
  not so fast , i might just try and move back to nyc :p, 
  the internet is just a trendy phase . 
  has anyone here ever voted for an eu parliament member and thought : `` yes , this person needs to be there and help our cause . '', 
  it has been known since 1979 . who here has ever gone out and seriously vote for someone they are absolutely convinced should be there ? 
  the entire eu government is a complete joke , riddled with people who hold positions without any expertise in their respective topics whatsoever ( prime example is g\u00fcnther oettinger , our eu super hero for everything digital ) . 
  the only thing that matters is being a slimy banker or right wing radical . 
  the eu leaves itself ? 
  who needs a modern economy ? 
  we must train more blacksmiths and forbid \u00dcber !, 
  yea and the nice antifa graffiti everywhere . 
  really beautifies campus and improves society for all . 
  must hate on germany after all . 
  they do n't do debate . 
  they throw stones . 
  because if you show up with concerns then as a result of pegida you are a [ concerned citizen ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=besorgte+b%c3%bcrger&amp;oq=besorgte+b%c3%bcrger&amp;aqs=chrome.0.0l6.4005j0j1&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=93&amp;ie=utf-8 ) ( german google search , use translator for the various sites ... ) , which is now a slur . 
  concerned citizen is a slur . 
  let that sink in . 
  concerned = xenophobic , unsympathetic , uneducated moron . 
  okay . 
  semantically , this means if you ever express criticism or concern then you will be put into this category before people even think about your arguments . 
  this conversely results in confirmation bias . 
  a xenophobic moron made this argument , so i ** have ** to disagree . 
  welcome to the new germany , everyone . 
  the families are n't included , where did you get that from ? 
  see everyone ? 
  ^ this is why things are happening that way in germany . 
  where i get that number from ? 
  you apparently do n't even * comprehend * what is going on . 
  1.5 million people announced of which many will get asylum --  they can bring there families = 2 - 8 ( ! ), 
  additional people . 
  plus , we are completely incapable of deporting . 
  people who get denied asylum get to stay in germany because laws & authorities are incapable of removing them . 
  look up the stats . 
  and i agree that racial slurs should get you fired , no question man . 
  but the anti-mass immigration stance is not accepted in germany . 
  voicing this opinion will be social and professional suicide . 
  so do n't tell me you are n't being punished . 
  sure , the police wo n't come after you but that is n't the only way in which your life can be ruined .
