  yep . 
  immigration on the scale that sweden has been doing it destroys social cohesion as it is . 
  people are much less willing to pay taxes for the welfare of people they feel no kinship to . 
  add to that that so many of these new people are a net drain for their entire lives and the next generation is n't much better and you have a recipe for the collapse of the nordic welfare state . 
  damn shame that since it 's one of the greatest achievements in history . 
   t it is problematic to process individuals from specific cultural groups ( e.g. 
  jews , muslims , slavs ) as parts of a collective , rather than an independent individual it is n't . 
  and has been the main way of doing things forever . 
  until the past couple decades of sheer idiocy . 
   since those tend to be heavily dependent on individual circumstances which become utterly impossible to judge when you take in 100s of thousands . 
  no one . 
  no one should either . 
  it 's far more humane than what europe is doing . 
  they wo n't . 
  well orban anyway . 
  he 's smart enough to only nibble on the hand that feeds him instead of full on biting it . 
  if that 's your worry you should just get rid off corporate taxes entirely , move to consumption taxes and make up for the disproportionate impact on less well off people through personal tax credits . 
  corporate taxes are simply far too easy to avoid , without the government using ridiculous amounts of money , to stop that leakage . 
  whose corporate tax rate is 17 % ... much lower than france or germany giving them an unfair advantage over them just like ireland 's . 
  at least according to certain people . 
  much better, 
  usually you get convicted of high treason before you get executed . 
  it sets a rather bad precedent if a country can kill its citizens without due process . 
  this is not honorable , heroic or anything like that . 
  it 's just another sign of erosion of fundamental rights at the altar of a rather insignificant threat . 
  that 's the point ... when you create ethnic enclaves you make integration impossible and the second generation will be the type of shit heads who think isis is great at worst and at best they 'll still be practical foreigners in the country . 
   if they are refugees , they are entitled to live where they want they are not . 
  certainly not at the expense of the host country . 
  the whole point of putting them in the out of the way parts is to ensure that they have to interact with the locals and adapt to them . 
  instead of living like they 're still in the middle east except in better material conditions . 
  and is literally the whole point of asylum . 
  it 's not supposed to be an extra immigration venue for less fortunate people ... 
  yes . 
  the rules are not some sort of you 'll go to hell if you do n't abide kind of deal . 
  you make your best effort and if circumstances force you to adapt then god will understand as long as you try to minimise the violations as much as you can . 
  it 's only the more fundamentalist interpretations that are anal about it . 
  infinitely smarter than sending them to some ethnic enclave in a city where they never have to give a single fuck about the country they live in and can just pretend they 're still back home . 
  that 's just a breeding ground for ethnic tension and terrorism . 
   art = / = market how do you separate them ? 
  there 's every bit as much artistry going to the design of your everyday table lamp or ikea furniture as there is in your average blockbuster . 
  there are lots of ` consumer ' products like that are designed with cultural and artistic values in mind . 
  would you like to have quotas for such things as well ? 
  voldemort ? 
   i mean make it impossible to survive without integration only real way to do that is by limiting their numbers to such amounts that they ca n't form self-sustaining communities combined with full on forced assimilation . 
  it 's too late for that in most of western europe . 
  nobody builds any energy production without heavy subsidies ... 
  most kids going to uni do n't live in uni dorms either though . 
  to be independent would be the standard answer in the north . 
  i feel sorry for whoever you 're teaching . 
  you can agree with the radical right on certain things yet be personally not homophobic . 
   if you have doubts about it , check the history about nationalism i think you 're the one who needs to check their history . 
  there are every bit as many leftist nationalist movements as there are right wing ones and every bit as many progressive ones as there are conservative . 
  nationalism is much more than just fascism . 
  you 'd do well to read your history again ... 
  it 's intimately tied to nationalism . 
  nationalism is what ties the people of the country together and creates the willingness to sacrifice and pay for other people who you do n't directly know . 
  we 've also seen it create all of the most successful states on earth . 
  the states that make up europe today we 're all built on and succeeded based on nationalism . 
  the idea that it inevitably leads to the horrors of the 20th century is beyond moronic . 
   that is officially an invasion who cares . 
  you put them on a new rubber dinghy and point them back to where they came from . 
  if they sink that too then yes you let them drown . 
  while their case drudges through the system they certainly do , even if it is really clear that they wo n't ultimately get asylum . 
  and then while they 're waiting for deportation , which still takes forever , they often do . 
  which is why the processing should be done outside the eu and nobody trying to skip the line by arriving in europe before being processed should have any chance of getting asylum . 
   soviets did liberate europe they liberated most of it from the massive genocide that was about to happen and that did happen . 
  conquering and taking over a region from another murderous conqueror is not liberation , it 's just conquest . 
  the fact that it probably saved people from genocide also does n't make it any less conquest . 
  yep . 
  for every periphery country except greece the crisis was purely a private sector banking crisis turned into a public problem to stave off contagion to the core countries . 
  the idea that spain or ireland were spending too much and therefore needed to get cut down is both false and evil . 
  and why you should n't take hundreds of thousands . 
  ca n't feasibly vet them all . 
   the eu has to enforce them if it wants to have any authority but if it does it will undermine its legitimacy in every country that wo n't be happy about it . 
  which is practically all of them , even mostly the ones who voted for the quotas . 
  that 's why the quota system was such a moronic plan to begin with since it had no chance of ending well for anyone . 
  you should n't . 
  if you ca n't pawn them on anyone else then you should stop them from coming in the first place . 
  ai n't nobody gon na do anything you ca n't simply ignore to stop you from doing so . 
  yes . 
  provide monetary and humanitarian support absolutely . 
  take in small numbers of the most needy after careful vetting sure . 
  take in 100s of thousands and provide an incentive for thousands more to try the same , no . 
  that was moronic . 
   to bottle them up in greece and bulgaria ? 
  yes . 
  if you had spent the last decade making it clear that anyone coming in through irregular means will not be allowed into western europe and certainly wo n't be given asylum then most of these people never would have crossed the mediterranean . 
  instead the precedent was established that if you get over the sea , you can continue to your country of choice and the chances that you 'll be sent back even if your application is denied is minimal . 
  that 's an insane incentive structure that guaranteed a crisis eventually . 
  i did n't say it ca n't be done . 
  it can be dissolved , just not in a way that does n't end up crashing every european economy and the whole world 's right along with them . 
  hell it might even be worth in the long term for some countries . 
  not germany though in my opinion but you 're free to disagree . 
  god i hope so . 
  the most destructive thing to happen to the world besides communism . 
  there is no such thing as an orderly dissolution of the euro . 
  it can not be anything except a hugely painful crash with germany being the biggest loser in absolute terms . 
  although still relatively better off than most which is n't saying much considering the suffering it will cause to everyone . 
  nothing makes the idea of german pragmatism more laughable of an idea than their inability to recognize the need for rebalancing before it 's too late . 
  there 's nothing pragmatic about the german attitude it 's pure ideological blindness .
