  putting your eggs in the eu army basket is something you can only do once and you better really hope they come through for you if shit hits the fan . 
  ultimately , for many countries relying on yourself or even the us is much more comfortable since at least the us has demonstrated both the capacity and willingness to go around the world fucking adversaries up in a serious manner . 
  yes but right now both you and russia have an interest in keeping the transit countries , not just ukraine , relatively stable to keep the gas flowing . 
  with ns2 both russia and germany have much freer hands to either meddle or wash their hands of those transit countries . 
  which is bad for eu unity as it allows russia to divide and conquer . 
  not literally obviously but use that division for their own purposes . 
  russia could n't get beyond the baltics right now if it wanted to . 
  their army is still despite reforms in a sorry state . 
  they do n't have the logistics to supply their forces in hostile countries that are not right next to their borders . 
  and if you do n't think there would guerrilla war in a russian occupied eastern europe you 're an idiot . 
  greece has collapsed . 
  their crisis has been worse than the great depression . 
  and longer . 
  if that is n't a collapse then nothing is . 
  that 's pretty much how it works now . 
  you can not have bad debtors without bad creditors . 
  greece bears a lot of blame but the structure of the eurozone made living on credit basically the only benefit greece gained from joining it thus encouraging them to do so . 
  and the banks all over europe were more than happy to facilitate with no word against it from any governments either . 
  it 's a cluster fuck of stupidity all around and greece has ended up as the one holding the bag . 
  what the average citizen says now and what they would say in an actual war scenario are not necessarily connected in anyway . 
  the mentality of war you keep bringing up is something that can change at the drop of a hat under right circumstances . 
  also you vastly oversell russian militarism and patriotism . 
  apathy and reluctance are liable to be just as much a problem for the mass conscripts of russia as it is for any european forces . 
  that does n't require letting thousands of them into your country you know ... also enrich . 
  because the current system is unsustainable . 
  it will change and the only choice germany has is whether they want it to change in a way that 's ultimately good for everyone or whether they want it to collapse and hurt everyone . 
  there 's no conceivable scenario where the current situation goes on forever or even years . 
  germany should take measures to spread the benefits of its success more widely than just the business owner class . 
  which would have the side effect of helping the rest of europe too . 
  or just be stubborn idiots and watch the eurozone go back to stagnation with germany eventually suffering from it too . 
  no you take in a few families now , a few families next year and so on . 
  in 10 years there 's a community and now you 're suddenly sort of attractive destination for further migrants since there 's an existing community ... 
   the potential diplomatic fallout and ripple effects are massive so is the diplomatic and political fallout of trying to force quotas on nations whose publics are so vehemently against them . 
  and so are the potential ripple effects of the same . 
   taking in a couple thousand refugees would be a drop in the ocean and a vastly lower risk . 
  nobody believes it 'll stop there though . 
  refugees wo n't stop coming and if they get redistributed now they 'll be redistributed in the future . 
   and just letting the country default and risk a cascade across europe is a better idea ? 
  buying off their debt and having a central bank that had the authority to what needed to be done to back up the currency would 've been better . 
  and cheaper . 
  but not palatable politically . 
  as for the boats , you rescue them then put them on a new rubber dinghy and point them back to where they came from . 
  if they try to go the other way you stop them . 
  with force if necessary . 
  rinse and repeat till they get the message . 
   something resembling a sound plan that would be the point of disagreement . 
  i do n't particularly think the quota system is in anyway resembling a sound plan . 
  it 's an ad hoc measure of desperation that is n't working even where it is implemented . 
  yes . 
  the support for a trump style muslim ban was above 50 % in germany too . 
  [ link ] ( https://euobserver.com/beyond-brussels/136839 ) granted in the east it was mostly more along the lines of 70 % but the rhetoric of the political class of the east matches overall european public views better . 
  probably eventually . 
  but there 's a bias for the status quo in modern western democracies that keeps changes from happening until the problems get very big . 
  and then the changes have to be correspondingly big and likely damaging . 
  it is . 
  you are not obligated to let people cross your borders if they 're coming from another safe country . 
  you can voluntarily do so like germany decided to but you 're not required . 
  also anyone who does cross your border but doesnt immediately surrender themselves to authorities and ask for asylum can be treated like any other illegal border crosser . 
   thats pretty delusional to think that you could reliably screen for the actual nationality of hundreds of thousand of people if you ca n't then you should n't be letting them in at all ... 
   but they might become more aggressive seeing decline of their influence , that 's right . 
  and the economic havoc wrought by losing one of their main revenue sources and the effects of climate change which will hit mena region very badly are going to make extremism far more common . 
  the worst part is there 's pretty much nothing to be done about it . 
  we ca n't change any of that , merely mitigate the damage to an insignificant degree . 
  the western publics are not that far from the eastern publics on the issue . 
  at least judging by the polling support for a trump style muslim ban in europe . 
  the political leaderships differ much more between east and west but it 's the west that seems more out of touch with the views of the european public . 
   and none of these work easily from your suggestions not like the current suggestions , like quotas , work easily either . 
  or actually solve anything at all . 
   i do think if they are here we should pressure them to integrate ca n't do that without limiting certain rights like the freedom to choose where they want to live . 
  and i do n't see western governments being willing to use the means necessary to ` pressure ' them to integrate since those means would be too mean . 
   unless you believe they are genetically predisposed to terrorism , that is . 
  not genetically but culturally yes . 
  and unless you figure out a feasible way to change that then you should assume it wo n't be changing . 
  there 's no reason to assume islamic terrorism will burn itself out in the next 50 years since it has n't done so in the past 50 years . 
   values my arse i think their values represent the values of the european public far better than the commissions apparent values . 
  put to a vote i doubt the publics of majority of western europe would be willing to take in mena migrants either . 
   they arent integrated well that because we didnt have a good integration policy . 
  do n't have one now either . 
  it 's the same fucking policy been using for decades . 
  it is n't the policy it 's the numbers . 
  you take in 100s of thousands of any type of people for years and they wo n't integrate because they do n't have to . 
  they can simply live amongst their own and not have to change a thing about themselves regardless of your policies . 
   west has enough powers , both military and ideological , to win over religious fundamentalism it is n't willing to use those powers though . 
  which makes having them pointless . 
   germany could not afford them at those levels and keep up it 's economy on the track it could though . 
  and certainly can now but still keeps them low . 
  it 's every bit as much a race to the bottom to cut worker 's rights and benefits as it is to cut corporate taxes . 
  only one of those is considered unfair advantage by some though . 
   finland and nazi germany were not allies , they were co-belligerents rather meaningless difference in the end . 
  one that most modern historians see as a pretty poor attempt at distancing finland from nazi crimes . 
  in the end finland fought with and was dependant on nazi help to a degree that makes a distinction between allied and co-belligerent very hazy . 
  hitler would n't have invaded finland because he would n't have had anything to gain . 
  which is not to say that finland would n't have become increasingly dominated by germany if they had won the war . 
  the diplomatic and other pressure that finland would have faced to conform to the german way of doing things would have been overwhelming . 
  the same happened to a lesser degree with finland and the soviet union as it was . 
  no need to invade . 
  it 's true though . 
  a refugee has to surrender to the authorities and apply for asylum as soon as they cross the border to a safe country or the country they 're crossing to can treat them the same as any other illegal border crosser . 
  and no country has any responsibility to let them cross their borders if they are coming from another safe country . 
  the countries can voluntarily choose to let them in anyway but they do n't need to .
