   and i do n't see privately owned guns serving any purpose and i do n't see privately owned motorcycles having any purpose but i 'm not conceited enough to think that my opinion should be law . 
  laws should be parsimonious , only do something by law if there 's a clear need and no other way to handle the issue but mostly leave well enough alone . 
   guns are not exactly part of `` european culture yes they are . 
  hunting and recreational shooting are very much a part of the culture in many countries in europe . 
  might not be a part of yours but you 're not the arbiter of what is and is n't european culture . 
   i think the context is , that in no other european country there are marches in memory of the nazi collaborators depends on what you count as collaborators . 
  finland certainly has marches and parades in memory of people who most certainly collaborated with nazis . 
  especially this year with the 100 year independence celebrations . 
  most of the national heroes are ww2 era leaders and influencers . 
   there are ways to handle a foreign official making an unwanted visit and they tried to handle it in those ways . 
  but turkey kept escalating by going around those measures forcing the dutch to do the same . 
  you ca n't let foreign agents ride roughshod over you in your own country . 
  as if most people in western europe felt any differently, 
   she no longer has rights in regards to that unless her own health is at risk she does actually . 
  the surrogate can at any point abort the child and no contract is going to stop her or allow the other party to claim damages either . 
  all that will happen is that the contract is voided and the wannabe parents wo n't have to pay her obviously . 
  similarly they can refuse to abort if they do n't want to . 
  the surrogate can not sign away their right to bodily autonomy like that . 
  you 're not that much above that level ... 
  yeah but the trumpster is not smart enough to know that . 
  he 'll genuinely think he 's god 's chosen one . 
  not terrible . 
  just worse than if they had n't taken in thousands of shit heads for no-good reason for the past few decades . 
  safe maybe not but sound yes . 
  consequences need to happen as soon after the event and preferably during to have the maximum effect . 
  it does n't matter as much if you catch and punish them later since most peole wo n't be paying attention anymore . 
  the example is wasted . 
  people are like dogs in that sense , short attention spans . 
  it is sort of hilarious . 
  in a sad `` this is gon na give the orange idiot delusions of prophetic skills '' way, 
  not in finland . 
  nor norway or denmark . 
  those should be your closest comparisons , no ? 
  you seem to have these problems more than they do ... 
  ai n't that nice . 
  makes me feel right at home . 
  all of that is more than true enough . 
  containment only worked due to us dominance , singular enemy and willing flexibility . 
  and support of the people for that matter . 
  i would settle for at least someone in the west having a grand strategy of any depth though even if we ca n't have a unified western one anymore . 
   what there needs to be , and what the americans are n't advocating , is a strategic set of goals and standards to meet no matter the spending required yep . 
  need a grand strategy to go along with more spending . 
  about time someone in the west had a proper one again too . 
  there has n't been one worthy of the name since the cold war . 
  it 's rare to find a man who manages to be wrong on every single issue he comes across and still manages to believe in his absolute correctness . 
  at least ours is colored orange as a warning sign . 
   i doubt that he actually believed that this was a good idea for greece i doubt he gave or gives a single shit about what 's good for greece . 
  so he was entirely serious about his grexit ideas in that sense . 
  always assume the best of people, 
  the wall street journal is conservative , national review is conservative . 
  breitbart is simply shit with no redeeming qualities . 
  on rather narrow grounds . 
  it wo n't be hard for him to restructure the order in a legal way if he really wants to . 
  basically all he needs to do is exclude people with already valid visas from it and just order a stop to any further visas and he 's golden as far as the court was concerned . 
   and you are ignoring that he tried to argue that this will prevent terrorists attacks in the us despite the fact that not a single visa holder from these countries has ever committed a terror attack in the us well he is trying to prevent terrorism not punish terrorism already happened . 
  the order was stupid as shit but that particular criticism is also moronic . 
  those 7 countries are considered to be high terrorist risks by every intelligence agency so if you 're going to ban people those would be the places you do it from . 
  not that it makes the order much smarter . 
  probably do n't see much difference between refugees and regular immigrants just looking for a better life anymore . 
  not surprising considering how every side of the argument likes to conflate the two whenever it 's convenient to their particular point . 
   but since society changed with modern technology , we can draw conclusions , we can ( or should be able to ) predict a possible future . 
  very important to keep in mind when people try to use past immigration waves like the big us ones as an example of either success or failure . 
  the societal context was entirely different . 
  they may give very little useful information about today 's immigration processes . 
   these are not refugees , these are temporary workers , we do not house them or take care about them so actually useful people . 
  seems like a smart immigration policy that, 
  what you said did n't make any sense either so at least you 're both in good company, 
  read about the paradox of thrift and get back when you understand it, 
  the point is that if europe ended up fighting russia it would need the capacity to penetrate their air defenses . 
  you do n't win wars by just defending , you 'd have to take offensive action too . 
  and with newer russian sam systems you would n't be able to do that effectively without 5th gen fighter/bomber capacity . 
   but no one really expects to get the money back from countries like greece , so it is like lending money to a friend that you know will never pay you back many of those voters you 're trying to keep calm do . 
  and when it does n't they 'll be angry and vote for whoever tells them that those lazy southerners will be punished . 
  because northern voters are unsurprisingly not any smarter than their souther counter parts . 
   i mean factual , well-researched information . 
  there is no need to make up anything against false claims then say that . 
  do n't immediately make it partisan by referring to right wing populism as if they have a monopoly on such . 
  a failed state by definition is not sovereign . 
  that 's what the term means ... 
  ca n't do that without violence either . 
   i will never accept killing unarmed people , even if they are crossing the border illegal then you 've forfeited the ability to stop people from coming . 
  not that using force necessarily means killing either . 
  contrary to popular belief people without guns wo n't go against people with guns even if they are in a large group . 
  but you do have to be willing to actually use violence . 
  that 's the basic premise of borders to begin with . 
  do n't let them in in the first place . 
  guard your borders and unless they can prove they 're from a country with a legitimate possibility for asylum they get kept out . 
  with force if necessary . 
  ca n't prove it , too bad for them . 
  and yet they still manage to be ideologically horrible people who have no place in any modern society . 
  not being a terrorist is a very low bar to set for acceptable behavior . 
   free movement of labour is not for the benefit of labour it absolutely is if free trade is a given . 
  as in free trade with free movement of labor is infinitely better than free trade without it for laborers . 
  free movement gives at least a modicum of balance to labor-capital relations in a world where capital can be moved around with comparatively little to no effort . 
  without free movement all the benefits of globalisation will accrue to the capital classes . 
   eu is still fully functional i 'd say it 's working on institutional inertia at this point . 
  everyone knows it has to change but at the same time everyone realizes that the change needed is not politically possible . 
  so everyone just meanders along trying to keep it running and hoping that the changes become politically viable before the next big crisis brings the house of cards crashing down . 
  i hope trump and brexit cause a big enough crisis to force the change but not big enough to work as the wrecking ball . 
  it 's not just any random person .
