  secondly , changing the quotas would be a top level political decision that would n't depend on any amount of illegal immigration . 
  none of that has any relevance to what i said . 
  controlling borders is not a cliche it 's the most basic function of a state . 
  it 's also not merely about removing people who do n't have a right to stay . 
  it 's about managing the flow of people ; how they get in , where they get in , what the process for all of this is . 
  all things the eu should 've been deciding and properly controlling since the internal borders were removed but has n't because it 's a shitshow . 
  because it establishes the principle of mandatory quotas . 
  you 're right the specific number does n't matter because nobody actually believes the current numbers mean anything . 
  the countries against the mandatory quotas have no trust that the eu is capable of controlling its own borders which means that agreeing to mandatory quotas would be agreeing to an essentially open-ended commitment to keep taking more and more refugees for the foreseeable future . 
  frankly , they have every reason to think the eu will not be able to control the situation considering the shitshow that 's been going on for the past few weeks and even before . 
  the first thing the countries that want those quotas should 've done is to convince the others that it wo n't be such an open-ended commitment by doing something immediate and concrete to secure the borders . 
  send their navies out to patrol or send a significant force of border agents to help or something like that . 
  probably would n't have actually been immediately useful in stemming the tide but even that type of symbolic gesture would 've meant a lot . 
  and going to get worse if germany and the others manage to force them to take these refugees . 
  also going to get worse if you do n't since distrust of other eu nations will still spike due to these idiotic threats but at least the refugees wo n't be stuck in countries that will see them as a representation of foreign domination and high-handedness . 
  legitimately or not . 
  because forcing refugees on countries where the vast majority of the population is practically pathologically against it is sure to lead to a well adjusted immigration project where everyone becomes an integrated model citizen . 
  not that they should n't take refugees but if you have to basically blackmail and threaten to get them to do it , it 's probably not going to end well for anyone . 
  least of all the refugees . 
  i 'm going to be there in two weeks . 
  supposed to arrive in munich by train but we 'll see how that goes . 
  well someone has to be the butt monkey . 
  the last one holding on the the shitty end of a stick is stuck with it and the rest of europe has decided their hands are already shitty enough . 
  which is the absolute truth but also a very dumb thing to say since everyone and their mother will conveniently misunderstand it . 
  at least merkel should be making it hard to twist her words but i really do n't think she 's actually a good politician outside of german domestic issues . 
   the big problem is that this process can be very time consuming and very expensive when there 's hundreds of thousands . 
  which is why you need proper border control ( yes even fences and actual use of force ) to keep the flow of migrants within manageable numbers . 
  is n't it lovely how little it matters what was actually said vs what people 's perception of what was said does ? 
  if i had time , i 'd write a research paper on the unintended consequences of badly thought out public statements . 
  i do n't think they stop being refugees but being a refugee is not a carte blanche do whatever they like . 
  no country needs to let them cross its borders unless there 's reason to believe they would be under threat where they are crossing from . 
  and if they still cross then it 's an illegal crossing and can be punished the same way any other illegal crossing can which usually means deportation . 
  and even refugees who entered lawfully can be expelled from the country they 're in if there 's is a reason of national security or public order . 
  thousands of migrants walking on highways , filling up trains and living in train stations interrupting normal travel of citizens could certainly be argued to be such a disruption of public order and inability to check their backgrounds for terrorism due to their numbers could be argued to be a severe enough national security issue . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with those arguments but like all international treaties the refugee convention is vague enough by design that if there was will to do so european nations could easily make a case for denying entry or deporting these people under the treaty . 
  no counter argument would be likely to have any practical effect or consequences since this is powerful european nations we 're talking about . 
  still would n't solve the underlying problem of finding a place for the people running for their lives which why i think it would n't be smart but still entirely possible . 
  article 31 specifies they can not be penalized for illegally crossing borders only as long as they 're coming directly from a country where they were under threat and only as long as they present themselves to the authorities without delay and show good cause for the illegal crossing . 
  if these do n't hold true for these particular people they can be detained and deported as long as they are not sent back to countries where they would reasonably be in danger again . 
  and treated all of them horribly for a long time until they were finally integrated mostly due to having been in the country for a 100 years or more . 
  the history of us immigration is a sordid tale of new ethnic groups being discriminated against and fucked over by the older groups . 
  some parts of it you should be proud of but a lot of it is a horror story nobody should seek to emulate . 
  correct . 
  none of this would 've ever been this big of a problem if the eu had been constructed in a sensible way . 
  you can not remove internal borders without making sure your external borders are at least somewhat secure . 
  it 's the same problem as with the greek crisis where the eu is haphazardly built and the structures upholding it stop working at the first sign of trouble . 
  this is basically eu 's articles of confederation moment and so far it 's royally fucking it up . 
  on the one hand it took the us years to fix its broken foundation so it makes sense the eu will take its time too . 
  but the us had people like jefferson and madison and others while europe has merkels and junckers . 
  i ca n't help but feel there 's qualitative difference between those groups . 
   if germany starts to check every train , car and person that enters the country via another schengen country ( i.e. 
  all our land routes ) we are violating the schengen treaty . 
  schengen can be suspended temporarily if there 's a good enough reason . 
  thousands of migrants trying to illegally cross your borders would certainly suffice as such a reason . 
  it would also give europe time to figure out a more permanent solution while also probably providing enough pressure on the governments that they 'd actually be forced to come to some agreement . 
  i think they mean they were allowed to continue to denmark not sweden . 
  and denmark will be sending them back to germany . 
  not sure how correct that is but i do n't think they were trying to re-ignite the schleswig-holstein question . 
  which caused the fall . 
  the east german government did n't want the wall to disappear overnight or at all really . 
  they were still just trying to give controlled access to the west for a potentially large but still limited amount of people . 
  they were still thinking they could make a few token concessions on border crossings without bringing the wall down . 
  instead one man made a mistaken announcement , people swarmed the wall and the guards chose not to oppose without clear orders . 
  without that announcement the wall would 've still fallen but i doubt it would 've been anywhere near as fast and certainly not that day . 
   i think parts of the media and people like you misinterpreted what the german government said , but you ca n't blame germany for that blaming germany for making a statement that anyone with a half a brain could see would be misunderstood both deliberately and accidentally by practically everyone else is completely fair . 
  it 's just sheer incompetence but then again that appears to be the norm in european crisis dealing policies . 
  put that together with all those `` refugees are welcome '' messages from the public and you 've essentially created the perfect storm of pr for unwittingly inviting every migrant in the world to try their luck at pretending to be syrian to get to germany . 
  every syrian and non-syrian in refugee camps around the world is gon na hear about it in no time . 
  and it also simultaneously manages to piss of all the countries that those migrants have to get through to get there . 
  absolutely brilliant . 
  it 's a noble sentiment from germany to help those in need and it 'll probably end up benefiting them in a few decades . 
  i 'd be all for it if it had been done with even a modicum of intelligence . 
   so , i do n't see how that 's a problem for romania , hungary or the other transit countries . 
  because declaring that will increase the stream of migrants coming . 
  and it wo n't be just syrians coming , despite the purpose of the declaration . 
  every migrant who hears that will suddenly learn of their syrian origins and although most of them are too obviously not syrian to succeed that still has to be checked . 
  the transit countries are already unable to do that checking so it effectively means everyone gets to go to germany regardless of origin and the germans will have to check them . 
  the transit countries will still suffer the consequences of thousands of migrants streaming through their countries disrupting life wherever they go . 
  that statement makes things harder for everyone and is probably the dumbest thing i 've seen said during this crisis and that 's saying quite a lot considering all the racism and other bullshit thrown around . 
  not like those countries have much choice , they do n't have the resources do deal with the current waves . 
  if and when it gets worse because every syrian now thinks they can get to germany and every non-syrian thinks they can get to germany if they manage to pretend to be syrian then they can deal with it even less . 
  merkel probably should 've thought about how her statement would affect the other eu countries already having trouble with the streams of migrants trying to get through them . 
  instead she blurted out something domestically convenient and fucked over the other countries . 
   do n't you think if every family around you is speaking german and living with western values that you wo n't adapt , too ? 
  it wo n't be every family around you now will it nor probably even a majority . 
  there will be certain areas where the refugees will get concentrated and they will mostly deal with like minded people since they can choose who to deal with . 
  and the kids tend to be the bigger problem than the original refugees since they do n't remember what they ran from . 
  instead they just realize they 're in a country that they do n't really feel a part of and search for something else to connect with . 
  and what they find is often radicalism . 
  it 's nothing new and the us had the same problem with its huge migrant waves . 
  it took decades and generations for the chaotic and violent process of integrating those migrants to really happen . 
  and this was with the us that had plenty of menial jobs to give out and vast tracts of empty land to act as a safety valve . 
  nothing in the current european policies leads me to think they 'll manage the process any better . 
  of course i 'd say it was worth it for the us and probably will be for europe in the long run but pretending it 's gon na be a nice or easy process is moronic . 
   being content with sitting in a makeshift camp for the next decade is not human . 
  they do n't have to be content but that 's all they 're owed by any other nation though . 
  they 're not owed nice living environments or integration or jobs . 
  they 're owed survival and safety and that 's all . 
  personally i think it 's a waste to only give them that instead of trying to make them productive members of society but no other country owes them that chance at a better life . 
   today after organized help arrived , people went home and brought clothes , toothpaste , shampoo , toys for kids etc i wonder how long they 'll keep doing that when there 's a train of thousands coming every week .
