  europe has neither of those things in the same way . 
   the eu common defense clause is a far stronger binding commitment than the nato article 5 . 
  no it 's not . 
  nor does the clause actually tell you anything about willingness to intervene . 
  nothing civilized beyond keh\u00e4 3 though . 
  or all the civilization depending on who you ask . 
  not as if you do now . 
  if europe had any decency they 'd just ship the poor bastards over the mediterranean themselves instead of forcing them to rely on smugglers with the risk of drowning . 
  but no instead you want to have the worst of both worlds were you act inhumanely and still accept the useless rejects of the world after you forced them to run the gauntlet . 
   this rule is pretty much undoable and only held up powerful countries that do n't want to take any responsibility to take care of a human crisis such as syria yes . 
  which includes most of europe . 
   this works if an end to the war is in sight . 
  works just fine even if it is n't . 
  if you think that 's the only limiting factor you 're a moron, 
  it would send a message to those yet to leave their homes that there 's no land of endless milk and honey . 
  now they 'll continue to think there is and that there 's and chance they can get in . 
  which is insanity . 
  no need to change it . 
  just ignore it when it 's inconvenient like the rest of the world does . 
  free trade is not an unqualified good though . 
  for a developing country protectionism is crucial or it will never develop . 
  this is as universally accepted in economics as free trade being good is . 
   asia have significantly freed up their markets and subsequently are booming significantly freed yes but also significantly protected certain parts and sectors . 
  because they are well aware as are most economists that unfettered free trade is not an unqualified good . 
  protectionism is essential for a developing country in order to protect infant industries so they have time to develop to the point they can compete with others on more or less equal ground . 
  otherwise a developing nation will stay a developing one as the established players cannibalize them . 
  the us is a good example of a nation that used protectionism as means of allowing domestic industrialization to develop . 
  as is every other industrialised nation for that matter . 
  not a single one did n't do the same . 
  none . 
  they 'll just sail to italian waters and tell migrants to jump overboard so they have to be rescued from `` drowning '' again but this time by italian coast guard . 
  yes . 
  you need to get your hands dirty . 
  how terrible . 
  much better to try to outsource that getting dirty to countries like libya . 
  to avoid having to feel a bit nasty and uncomfortable . 
  we ca n't have that now can we . 
  europe is pathetic and utterly hypocritical . 
  yeah much better to have lazy cheating clockpunchers like now . 
  there is no solution . 
  the countries these people come from will continue to be shitholes with both climate change and automatization hitting them disproportionately as they wo n't be able to use smaller labor costs to get ahead like parts of asia have managed . 
  africa is too late for that . 
  not to mention their political structures are utterly incapable of supporting or encouraging growth . 
  so the migration will continue and eventually europe will get tired enough and it will threaten political stability to the point that using violence will be the more palatable option . 
  thousands will die . 
  nothing we do will change that . 
  and you could and should 've ignored that decision . 
  echr has no enforcement and is utterly incapable of making you do anything . 
  it is a joke . 
  because sometimes you do need to do so . 
  sometimes there are no good solutions and your choice is to hurt yourself or others . 
  all that will increase migration to europe in the short to midterm . 
  it will only make africa slightly better off . 
  just enough that they 'll have money and resources to make the journey to europe but not enough that they would be incentivized to stay home . 
  neither the eu not the un would do anything . 
  the eu would n't because there 's no support in the member states for doing anything and the un because they 're literally incapable of doing anything . 
  the idea of there being sanctions is ridiculous . 
  and it 's not to keep other 's borders secure , it 's to keep yours secure . 
  will make things worse . 
  you can not in the next few decades raise the living standards in africa enough that they would n't be willing to still risk it to come to europe . 
  all you 'll do is provide them with just enough advancement that more of them will have access to both information and enough money to make the trip . 
  frankly it would be more effective to fuck them up worse if you want to reduce migration . 
  at least then they 'd be stuck with little to no ability to actually make the journey . 
  so do n't let them . 
  you 're a sovereign country for christ 's sake . 
  unlike say libya you have both the ability and the right to fully control who comes in . 
  you are not obliged to do shit . 
  if you stopped today nobody would care and even if somebody did you think the public opinion in europe would let them do anything about it . 
  fuck no . 
  no you do n't . 
  legally speaking unless they cross your borders you have no need to give them anything . 
  and you have no obligation to let them cross your borders . 
  they can refuse . 
  i 'm sure austria would be more than happy if italy did so . 
   failing to sink boats with hundreds of people in the mediterranean lest we inconvenience you ? 
  yes . 
  yes it can . 
  and nobody will care if they do , most of the world will cheer . 
  including most europeans . 
  and now they continue to come because they all think they have a chance because they remember those who did before . 
  you should 've closed your borders like your police wanted to . 
  you stop them before they cross into your waters or your borders and it does n't matter in the slightest how valid their claims are . 
  they ca n't legally make the claim . 
   no , because it 's simply not oppression at all if you have the same effective rights as the police officer . 
  if everyone 's oppressed , no one is ... you are a terrifying person . 
  you are aware that the court has since narrowed down the definition of fighting words from that case to the point of making the whole doctrine of fighting words non-existent in practice . 
  a similar case to chaplinsky today would end in the opposite judgement . 
  especially since the 1st amendment is one of the few constitutional rights that the modern courts have not dialed back or restricted . 
   this laws are more about preventing that someone like the nsdap is getting elected into power in the first place does absolutely nothing to prevent that though . 
   the thing is the law makers tried to find more amicable solutions in the past , but these have failed to effectively reduce the issue maybe they should show it 's an issue in the first place . 
  i see no difference between someone spouting bullshit on facebook to someone spouting bullshit in a corner bar or the street . 
  in neither case does the state have any business getting into it . 
  which has absolutely nothing to do with anything i said . 
  yes salis would not have any role to play in a nato mobilization against russia to begin with . 
  i have no idea why you bring that up . 
  not in anyway that was serious and frankly i doubt it happened at all, 
  which has zero chance of happening . 
  france will not give up independent nuclear capacity . 
  ever . 
   presumably it treats the entire eu as a single entity in terms of defence it 's testing that assumption that understandably worries countries that have an actual somewhat hostile neighborhood .
