   and not just the ones who attacked them , all of us you can see it in the articles they write about pegida marches for example where they always remember to mention the refugee center burnings and link them to those marches . 
  basically implying that any right wing activity , even usually peaceful demonstrations , are a horrible thing because in their eyes they lead to arson attacks . 
  but before the latest events god forbid if you made a similar generalization about the views refugees hold and the crimes some of them commit , you would get crucified by the media for it . 
  not that either of those generalizations is necessarily valid but the different reactions to them by the powers that be have been interesting . 
  no eastern european country is going to join poland in that except maybe hungary and most likely not even them . 
  agreeing on refugees does n't mean agreeing on everything . 
  and even if hungary joins it means nothing since they 're not needed for imposing fines . 
   it is more of a guideline to follow , and be ignored when inconvenient it can be ignored when there 's no one to impose consequences for breaking it . 
  the eu is more than capable of imposing consequences on poland if it brakes eu law and they most certainly will . 
  they did it before . 
   and not unjust expelling millions of civilians leading to the deaths of hundreds of thousands is unjust no matter what . 
  hundreds of thousands of those germans died during and because of that resettlement process . 
  that 's mass murder in the name of ethnic cleansing right there although not in same scale as the nazis obviously . 
  they did as good of a job as you did which is a sad indictment of the whole group of nations involved . 
  loss of exports from marocco to europe would cripple marocco while loss of exports from europe to marocco would n't matter at all to europe . 
   in that situation , after having served his sentence , he is ' tolerated 's to stay . 
  in that situation they should n't be walking around freely . 
  they should be detained until they can be deported . 
  because letting them out on the streets when they have no stake in society whatsoever is pretty much a guarantee of trouble . 
   that is nothing that could be done short term it can since those treaties can be applied and even ignored in any manner that europe sees fit . 
  practically every other country in the world already does so . 
  and there is no one in the world who can or would push any serious consequences on europe for doing so as well . 
  considering europe is their most important trade partner they should n't have the option to refuse . 
  unless they want to see their economy crippled anyway . 
   that allows the government to allow and condone , implicitly or explicitly , the torture and murder of a human being except your government does so everyday . 
  not only by ignoring the torture and murdering being done around the world but by actively enabling it by doing business with those very actors committing those crimes . 
  even selling weapons to them . 
  your government allows and condones torture and murder and is therefore breaking your constitution constantly because it 's convenient and makes a profit . 
  deporting people would just be one more instance of it among thousands . 
  do n't pretend it would be something new or special . 
   the reality is there 's globally 1.5 billion muslims and the vast majority of them are religious conservatives who make even the more strident conservatives in western countries look liberal in comparison . 
  this is doubly so for the muslims in the middle east . 
  they wo n't give up their values and morals the second they step on european soil anymore than you would give up yours if you moved to saudi arabia . 
  even in the best of conditions it takes years for people to radically change their world views and since these people are arriving with a million other people who think like them the pressure for them to change is n't nearly big enough . 
  no amount of pamphlets or lectures about how women have rights and explaining how they should be treated is going to make these people give up the views they spent their entire lives learning . 
   what i find interesting is how long it took to report about it in finland . 
  probably because nothing really happened on nye . 
  sure there was a gathering of a 1000 people but apparently it did n't cause much of disturbance so it was n't a particularly big deal . 
  that is until the news from cologne hit which put that whole gathering in a different light of what could have happened . 
  maybe it 's like a headcrab from half-life . 
  would explain some stuff . 
  there were some disturbances in helsinki but apparently the police were tipped off before hand and managed to deal with it before it got anywhere near as serious as these other ones . 
   perhaps putting riot police on alert this is what i do n't get about this . 
  at the point where you have a large group of young men refusing to disperse when ordered and harassing passerbys and being a genuine threat to public safety that 's when you call in the riot police . 
  i just ca n't see how the police could be so busy overall that they ca n't gather a force to concentrate on the trouble spot and enforce the law . 
  even if they ca n't get riot equipment they should still be able to have enough of a presence to intimidate a group like that if necessary . 
  it makes perfect sense for germany since you do n't actually want to take in any more people either . 
  your government just does n't see an effective , moral and legal way of not taking in essentially everyone except when it comes to the relocation program . 
  with that program you have a way of crippling it so you do n't need to add those few quota refugees to the masses you 're already taking in and crippling it is exactly what you 're doing . 
  and since it 's just a little agreement within the eu it does n't have the same weight as say your constitution or geneva . 
  so killing it with bureaucracy wo n't bring any immediate consequences either . 
   somebody ( or multiple actors ) fucked up . 
  it 's not a fuck up it 's a plan . 
  bureaucratic foot dragging is what it is and it 's designed to kill the agreement . 
  the countries involved will purposefully drag their feet and not make any progress in the process until finally the whole agreement will be quietly put aside as unworkable when it 's last proponents admit defeat . 
  i give it 6 months . 
  that 's probably part of why they commit more crimes . 
  the syrians still have a hope that they might get asylum and make at least a some kind of life for themselves in germany . 
  a tunisian will quickly become aware that their chances are essentially zero and then why would they care about the rules of your society . 
   do you know what damascus was like ? 
  talk to someone from beirut . 
  i do . 
  and unless you happened to be in one of the liberal parts they were pretty shitty for the women and even in those parts unless they were with men it was pretty shitty . 
  only if they 're crossing directly from a country in which they were in danger and they have to immediately surrender themselves to the authorities and provide a justification for the illegal crossing . 
  if they fail to do these then they can be treated like any other illegal border crosser . 
  countries also have the right to use force to uphold both their laws and their borders and if the refugees refuse to comply then using appropriate force is entirely justified . 
   fucking hellish machines dropping fire and chemical death on helpless vietnamese conscripts . 
  and those vietnamese conscripts won the war because they were willing to sacrifice themselves in what they perceived to be the defense of their country . 
  it was n't the use of conscripts that was the problem with the vietnam war for the us it was the fact that it was a stupid and pointless conflict that the soldiers ultimately felt no connection to . 
   strive for in other markets in other markets being the key word there . 
  they may be a step forward in one market yet a step back in another . 
  and offering something customers strive for is not necessarily good if it comes with a cost to the rest of society like with uber . 
   this is one of the major problems for being a single dad/mom afaik the problem with being a single dad/mom is the being single part since that puts all the responsibility of parenthood on the shoulders of one person . 
  as for needing male and female primary care givers according to research not really . 
  what matters is that they have caregivers who can put sufficient effort into raising them which is obviously easier if there 's two . 
  gender role models do n't need to be primary caregivers so having two parents of the same gender does n't appear to affect the children in a particular way . 
  except their freedom . 
  you can always build refugee camps where they ca n't leave from until they 've been processed . 
  of course you have to be willing to use force to keep them there but then that 's what you do or otherwise you 've lost control of your own borders . 
   things that are taken for granted in europe are difficult for those not raised in a society that is historically christian to understand . 
  absolutely . 
  take someone from a country that is n't historically christian , show them around a european city and ask them to point out any time they see or hear something they associate with christianity . 
  prepare to be surprised how much stuff they point out . 
  people may not be religious but the culture is still fundamentally influenced by christianity . 
  even the languages used have a huge portion of metaphors and sayings that are christian in origin and nature but we just do n't notice because it 's everyday for us . 
  i 'd say the corruption is just less overt but the relative scales are not that different . 
  the german state has just done the same as most sufficiently advanced ones in that it has institutionalized and bureaucratized the corruption to the point where it 's a fundamental part of the rules of the system . 
  i 'm sure the eastern states will get there in no time too . 
  i 'm sure they think pretty much the same of germany . 
  that 's a question you could be asking of everyone involved in this conflict . 
  turkey is n't doing any more or less of that than the us , europe or russia . 
  and in those other cases the planes are not violating your airspace while doing bombing runs on people that you consider allies of sort . 
  turkey and nato have repeatedly told russia to stay out of their airspace and they 've told russia to not bomb people they 're supporting . 
  after that russia continues to bomb those people which is n't that surprising since they want to help assad but at the same time it also has the nerve to use turkish airspace while doing it . 
  absolutely turkey is going to make an example out of that especially since they are completely within their rights to do so even if it 's more drastic than what 's usually done . 
  what does that have to do with this ? 
  [ these ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/06/nato-chief-jens-stoltenberg-russia-turkish-airspace-violations-syria ) violations have been going on for awhile now and russia has apparently kept on doing them . 
  this particular plane was warned multiple times that they were approaching turkish airspace , they continued regardless and got shot down . 
  i do n't particularly like some of turkey 's policies about syria but this one i understand . 
  repeated violations from an armed foreign force that do n't stop after diplomatic overtures are a pretty good justification for a more stringent response .
