  only 6 years . 
  eurozone will break apart before that . 
  because the treaties were designed to make them illegal . 
  which was beyond moronic and was said at the time to be so . 
  there was no need for that designed idiocy . 
   should germany be punished because a mexican buys a german car rather than a spanish one ? 
  not punished . 
  but the competitiveness gap does have to be bridged somehow . 
  or the eurozone ca n't last . 
  raising wages in germany , significantly actually , would be a way to do that and a way that would be good for the german people on average as well . 
  there 's literally no downside to it except slightly less relative profit for german companies which they can more than afford and would be made up for by increased demand from increased consumption anyway . 
  and ilirija already explained the productivity and labor costs relationship and why that 's a problem . 
  source for what ? 
  that the eurozone is not overheating ? 
  look at the damn growth rates and unemployment numbers . 
  or source for that being what they agreed to ? 
  because that 's what a currency union means . 
  you have to take into account the conditions and needs of the whole currency area in making policies and not simply one part . 
   totally understandable move by turkey/china/iran / venezuela is the us engaged in a military conflict with any of those countries ? 
  i suppose iran in syria counts so yes iran is more than justified in forbidding the use of a site that would provide the us with easy intelligence on them . 
  they 'd be dumb not to, 
  yes ... that 's what happens in a war . 
  you certainly do n't let your people provide the enemy with easy access to information they can use to hurt you . 
  because there 's no daylight between private russian business run websites and the russian government . 
  everything put on those sites is info you should consider compromised and do as much as you can to contain . 
   increasing consumption and public spending while the economy is growing and `` in danger of overheating the eurozone is n't . 
  and since that 's the currency area that 's what matters . 
  that 's what germany signed up for when it agreed to a common currency . 
   and besides , our trade with the rest of the ez is quite balanced outside the ez it is n't though . 
  you 're cannibalizing trade from other ez countries basically . 
  who 's going to buy stuff from say spain if , due to sharing the currency and german labor costs being artificially low , you can get the same product from germany with its reputation for quality . 
  spain can of course try to bring down its labor costs down as well to try to compete with germany but that just becomes a race to the bottom again . 
  or they can try to invest in making their products better through innovation but that requires spending money which has to come from somewhere too . 
   who drafted maastricht treaty were smart and knew what they were doing they really really did n't or they did to a point but thought it would inevitably be fixed later . 
  whoops . 
  and those really are pretty much just random numbers which makes it 10 times dumber . 
  there 's no basis in economics for either the 3 % deficit figure or 60 % debt limit . 
   social spending is probably the least efficient way to create any economic growth hardly . 
  it 's one for the better ones since pretty much all of it goes back into circulation . 
  infrastructure and industry support both have a lower roi as long as the social spending is within reasonable limits . 
  and in the eu in general it certainly is and the eastern parts could afford far more . 
  the main architect of the dumbest parts of the rules was germany . 
  ecb for example was hamstrung from the beginning with the insane solitary focus of inflation fighting . 
  not enough . 
  that 's the problem . 
  what 's good for germany is far too far removed from what 's good for most of the eurozone . 
   if they hate immigrants then they have no place in western europe so i presume you 're including yourself in that group of not welcome people based on your xenophobic views ? 
  if it 's a she , she almost certainly does n't . 
  considering uber 's problems in not being a misogynistic employer ... 
  nor does the driver . 
  which is the important bit . 
  uber decides the pricing not the driver or the customer which makes the driver an employee rather than a contractor . 
  shows you how stupid people are . 
   the eu because they sure as hell do n't see the tiniest piece of all the growth so they figure it is going to you guys of course has nothing to do with the eu . 
  which is why it 's sometimes funny to see germans on this forum mock brits for blaming the eu for things it has nothing to do with when germans do the exact same thing all the time . 
  complete market access for their companies . 
  unfortunately that was already given without asking for fiscal consolidation and now they think that 's just normal and ca n't be taken away . 
   as second language , that will remain for the foreseeable future and that 's the important bit . 
   english will probably - inevitably - lose significance as an intra-eu working language no it wo n't . 
  it 'll gain importance since it 's now a more neutral language . 
  essentially a foreign language to basically all participants that wo n't give an advantage to anyone over the other . 
  there 's no chance any other language is going to gain any prominence out of brexit . 
   when germany negotiates something they negotiate in german . 
  when the chinese negotiate , they negotiate in chinese no they do n't ... 
  it does n't make it any less stupid . 
  brexit just makes english a more neutral language in the eu . 
  more likely to increase its importance . 
   irish government had obligations as a result of banking risks , which it should have avoided by regulation same as germany , except germany had ten times bigger exposure . 
  but managed to quite cleverly outsource the main work of bailing its banks to the periphery ... 
   but we have less death through crimes or gun accidents which are both also so small in numbers as to be irrelevant . 
  making expansive new laws to deal with a problem that does n't really exist seems rather dumb . 
  at least the us has an actual gun problem so the excuse of fighting that is somewhat more reasonable . 
   i sure hope as hell that the magazine of that weapon holds as little ammunition as possible has essentially no appreciable effect on the damage they can do . 
  which you might know if you knew anything about guns . 
   finland is the poorest country in scandinavia with the lowest standard of living you know that 's like being the poorest millionaire . 
  you 're still a millionare ... 
  having generous policies compared to the rest of the world , both in benefits and in the acceptance of asylum claims , is encouragement , complete unwillingness to enforce borders is encouragement , inability to deport is encouragement . 
  essentially the whole system of refuge as practiced by much of europe is encouragement for anyone with a chance to try to get to europe . 
  you can see that as upholding european values and that 's fair enough but it is encouraging people to try . 
   those who are homophobic do n't have a problem with me even though i 'm gay . 
  but they are still homophobic ? 
  because that 's my experience in both the us and finland as well as germany . 
  that even the muslims who are secular and drink and party are still both insanely homophobic and antisemitic . 
  except for that one gay or jewish person they know who 's gayness or jewishness they try to ignore as much as possible . 
  it 's weirdly schizophrenic actually but that goes for a lot of the right wing too . 
  at least there 's a significant percentage of right wingers who are fine with gay people . 
  there 's no such percentage with muslims . 
   if russia can take poland in 1 week , when do you think poland will have time to build planes , tanks and defences they ca n't . 
  and germany would take them forever since it 's not something they are capable of doing at all . 
   it says in no uncertain terms that they could reach baltic capitals in under 60 hours they could . 
  and there 's not much anyone including the us can do about that . 
  russia would n't be able to go much further though . 
  poland is almost certainly not something they could take and even trying to hold on to the baltics without a nato counter attack would sap their logistics to the point of collapse . 
   france has to use american transport planes for logistics because they lack the capability to do so on their own . 
  france and the uk ran out of ammunition not defense . 
  that 's for projecting power which you 're right , nobody in europe is capable of without the us . 
   france has to use american transport planes for logistics because they lack the capability to do so on their own . 
  france and the uk ran out of ammunition not defense . 
  that 's for projecting power which you 're right , nobody in europe is capable of without the us . 
   france has to use american transport planes for logistics because they lack the capability to do so on their own .
