  the fact that there 's no eu wide authority to monitor them . 
  and regardless of the rules it 's still 10 times better to be illegally in germany or sweden than it is to be legally in most of eastern europe . 
  so even enforcing such rules would n't be effective since it would never hit most of the illegals unless you 're willing to spend billions and billions and invade the rights of every citizen to make that enforcement effective . 
  human rights organizations critize every one for everything . 
  which is not a bad thing since it 's important to pressure countries to keep being as fair as they can but it 's also almost completely meaningless . 
  and despite that poland and the poles are light years ahead of any muslim country and practically every muslim . 
  because people are making millions out of the housing crisis . 
  there 's no change coming unless something changes the money flow and there 's no changing the money flow without change . 
  austerity has the problem of destroying that economic activity at the same time as it devalues it . 
  makes it an idiotically counter-productive way to try to fix your problems . 
  structural changes are good and necessary but only with specifically targeted changes and not general cut everything and sell off the rest approach . 
  also only with stimulus to keep your economy alive during the changes . 
  also keep on mind that without those countries in the eurozone the northern countries would n't be reaping nearly the benefits from it they do now . 
  you need them doing well and preferably in the eurozone . 
  but ireland was wrong and they 're not the highest authority . 
  now the higher authority is saying no you did n't pay the correct amount . 
  there 's nothing retroactive about it since the law used has been there forever and has even been used on similar tax issues before . 
  not exactly the same but retroactive law it 's not . 
  that 's why you need a really bad war or at least a huge crisis every now and then . 
  it destroys existing power structures and creates opportunities for new ones . 
  otherwise power will always consolidate with the main goal of holding to what ever power the ones at the top already have . 
  it 's not any more moral when agreed to by the host nation . 
  and this particular case also not any more legal since eu law is supreme . 
  you should 've linked poliisi pamputtaa . 
  it fits the facial expression better . 
  the us has supported it in principle . 
  but anytime anyone has tried to make any serious moves towards more common european defense structures the us balks because that usually means european countries pooling resources to buy european weapons instead of going to the us for the boom stuff . 
  plus the corresponding decrease in us influence if the eu gets serious is not something the us actually likes . 
  just want to have europe pay more but preferably with no other changes to the relationship which is impossible . 
  that depends on what you mean by viable . 
  both greece and finland for example would be more than able to defend themselves in case of an attack by their most likely aggressor but would be almost useless when it comes to to projecting power . 
  and to be fair any eu army would be about projecting power to at least some respect . 
  but yeah especially countries like france would be unlikely to go for an actual eu army with the capacity to function independently since they could only mostly lose from it . 
  it 's the only way the eurozone can function though . 
  otherwise there 'll always be that country that is the weakest link unable to keep their competitiveness up and unable to fix it because of the straight jacket that is the eurozone . 
  it 's either an actual union with fiscal transfers when needed or it collapses . 
  they got reasonable . 
  at the local level anyway , nationally they 're just wishy washy feel good statements all around . 
  that contract is no different from the bullshit referendum used to justify crimea . 
   sure , as long as they manage to prohibit everybody else from voting they could put some burly dudes on streets to `` discourage '' people from voting wrong . 
  maybe have them wear some sort of color coded shirts to set them apart too . 
  more they actually had to govern , and did n't fuck it up too badly either . 
  but that meant not doing a lot of the things that their supporters voted them in to do , especially since they 're not the leader of the governing coalition . 
  so now they did n't vote for them again . 
  well you 're the left wing one . 
  i 'm sure you two will at least be able to agree on wearing tinfoil hats to keep the govmnt from invading your privacy with their mind reading ray . 
  common sense . 
  it 's not . 
  they will be safe and their basic needs taken care off until a decision is made which is the whole point of asylum to begin with . 
  not allowing them freedom to move around is a prudent precaution and the only way the system can function in the long term . 
  yes and if they want to appeal they can stay in the detention center until the decision is made . 
  if they 're willing to leave voluntarily then pay for their ticket to wherever they came from . 
  yes . 
  and if the small minority they are now ends up like this then how do you think the ever larger minority they 'll be in the future will end up . 
  this is n't going to get better , it 's going to get worse . 
   are you suggesting sweden should stop letting dangerous swedes immigrate into sweden ? 
  unfortunately sweden ca n't avoid dealing with shitty swedes . 
  they can decide not to deal with the dregs of the other shittier places of this planet however . 
   leaving assad in place has been far worse than iraq and libya he has n't been left in place though . 
  if he 'd been he would 've won this little civil war already and syria would be back to its old shitty self . 
  but he was n't left in place , he was half heartedly opposed by the strongest power block in the world . 
  we should 've either intervened properly with enough strength to end him or left him alone . 
  what we did was the worst of both worlds . 
  and thank god it did . 
  since those rules were insane and basically designed to make it impossible for a central bank to do its job and manage the crisis . 
  without ecb skirting the rules the eurozone would 've collapsed already . 
  and you do realize the only way any of that can happen is if the west , read the us , sends 500 000 soldiers to enforce it . 
  which will lead to thousands of casualties that america is not willing to take anymore . 
  the political system in the us is strained to a breaking point as it is . 
  add another war no one is actually willing to fight and the whole thing comes crashing down . 
  should n't be allowed either . 
  religious schools in general should n't be allowed . 
  not too many probably , not without at least one mistake . 
  who the hell has even heard ague said out loud in the past 100 years . 
  do you also have autumn winds blowing leaves on the tracks ? 
  that was always my favorite excuse for train failures . 
  seems so poetic . 
  that 's a remarkably sensible statement to a remarkably stupid question . 
  frankly did n't expect the current bunch in charge of the uk to be that on top of their shit . 
  is n't that exactly what was said ... 
   it was n't the banks that force greece to borrow excessively no it was the structure of the eurozone where the economically strong countries benefit from a devalued currency and a huge market while the main benefit for economically not so strong countries was lower interest rates . 
  and then you wonder why they take advantage of that sole real benefit to try to make up for losing control of their currency ... 
  accepting a canadian is like accepting a puppy though . 
  except finnish alcohol laws or their health effects are literally no business of systembolaget . 
  i could understand if they were complaining about the same stuff the eu is which is the ban on buying alcohol from abroad online . 
  at least that 's an actual internal market competition issue that could impact them . 
  but the health of finns is no business of theirs . 
  and i was born and raised in finland , have family and friends there , and go there every few months . 
  my opinion is infinitely more relevant than systembolagets . 
   and its implications to sweden at least according to the article they gave no input on that . 
  no doubt the impact on sweden 's alcohol monopoly is at the back of their minds in writing this comment . 
  there 's a good chance that this could lead to a breakup of the monopoly in finland due to decreased profits from long drinks that alko relies on and that would make it hard for sweden to keep telling the eu that their monopoly is necessary . 
  systembolaget is not an appropriate authority on finnish alcohol laws . 
  they 're irrelevant and should stay out of things that are none of their business . 
  because eu thinks it 's carcinogenic but sweden would n't join unless they got to keep their dirty habit . 
  so they were given an exception . 
   combat helicopters cant survive for long in an environment where the enemy has even a semblance of modern anti-air . 
  it could n't do a worse job than the current bunch . 
  yes spouting racist bullshit should have consequences . 
  it just should n't have legal ones .
