  for depriving them of their property , no . 
   wtf is this for a sentence ? 
  can someone make sense of that ? 
  i think the point is you should n't put kids who are travelling alone in the same detention centers as adults . 
  which is more than fair but it 's a logistical problem for countries that are not used to dealing with these numbers and whose facilities are already well beyond capacity . 
   they wanted the full amount of what they had deposited into the banks which they never should 've put in those banks . 
  that 's the risk those people took and it came back to bite them . 
  iceland had no obligation to guarantee those deposits and they did n't . 
  you sued them and lost , get over it . 
   sorry , i do n't believe in randomly shooting people . 
  if you start refusing to let people enter and they still try to enter then using violence to stop them is entirely appropriate and not random . 
  that includes shooting them if nothing else works although standard riot techniques should be used first and actual guns should obviously be the last resort . 
  that 's literally the first job of a sovereign nation : to secure the borders . 
  and how would you deport those tens of thousands without violence if they refuse to go ? 
  because they will if they figure out you 're unwilling to use force to get it done . 
  and if you 're willing to use force then the only difference between you and lembitu_kuuse is that he 'll use force to stop them from coming and you 'll use it to throw them out . 
  that 's because the rest of the countries are not stupidly unrealistic . 
   when i was in the military we had tents in winter during exercises too , the disadvantage was that they were difficult to clean . 
  i dont know however which kind of tents germany is using , but i already saw that sweden uses these military tents . 
  staying in a tent while on a winter training exercise is one thing . 
  living in a tent for weeks on end in the middle of winter is another thing entirely . 
  they 're probably going to have to rotate people in and out of the tents but then you have the problem of taking people from proper buildings and trying to put them in tents . 
  that 's going to cause issues . 
  and she 's wrong . 
  both from the practical point of view and the legal point of view but even if she was right she 'd still be an idiot for saying it . 
  the right to asylum is not absolute and countries can pretty much put any limits they want on it and get off scot-free since that 's the way those treaties were designed . 
  otherwise no country in the world would ever have signed them because it would be giving away their sovereignty over who inhabits their territory . 
  and germany would be having a lot more trouble with its own industry and economy without the smaller and poorer countries bringing down the value of the euro . 
   the law knows no limit . 
  the law knows practical limits . 
  the un refugee convention for example contains exceptions for public safety and national security both of which could easily be used to justify limits on refugee numbers if there was will to do so . 
  the pretension of `` it 's just how the law is '' is a cop-out . 
   almost all refugees arriving in germany came through a save country-therefore we just send them back to austria , hungary , greece , italy , slovenia . 
  dublin2 reinstalled . 
  that 's what you should 've been doing the whole damn time . 
  there would be a much smaller number of migrants swirling around if from the start they would 've known they wo n't be allowed in germany . 
  the numbers would still be a problem but a more manageable one . 
  there 'd be enough migrants that it 'd be an obvious problem but not enough that it 'd scare every country to fend for themselves so there would have been a better chance of creating a common response . 
  not that the eu would 've probably managed that since it 's designed to be incapable of doing anything right . 
   except that we can no , you ca n't . 
  even the construction ca n't be done in weeks and that 's the easy part . 
  the planning and the bureaucracy are the lengthy part and will stay so even if you start cutting the more pointless regulations . 
   it also states you can not make it illegal for them to enter your country . 
  not actually true . 
  refugees are almost always illegally crossing the border . 
  they just ca n't be penalized for it as long as they 're coming directly from a territory where they were in danger , submit themselves to authorities right away and give a legitimate reason for the illegal crossing . 
  unfortunately all of those are also problems that ca n't be solved with any sort of speed and will therefore keep getting worse . 
  you ca n't just make new housing appear out of thin air . 
  nor can you make new officials trained to handle applications appear either . 
  and then there 's the problem of trying to integrate these people for which you need language teachers and other educators who also can not be simply created . 
  it takes a hell of a lot of training to be able to those properly even without the added problems of cultural differences and trying to teach people speaking multiple different languages . 
  it 's a logistical nightmare that ca n't be solved as long as there 's a constant flow of more people coming . 
  it 's just another in a long line of statements made by european officials that could n't have been better designed to make the crisis worse even if they tried . 
  not only is there no unified policy whatsoever but there does n't even seem to be any co-ordination between countries . 
  every political figure just says and does whatever happens to be domestically convenient at the moment with no regard to how it will effect the other countries or the refugees and then runs around like headless chicken when the consequences hit . 
   legitimate refugees are n't breaking any international laws when they enter another country . 
  they are actually , they just ca n't be penalized for it under the un refugee convention . 
  of course that only applies as long as they submit themselves to the proper authorities , give an acceptable reason for illegally crossing a border and apply for asylum . 
  if they do n't do those things then by the treaty they can be treated like any other illegal border crosser . 
  the point being the refugee convention does n't just give obligations to the countries who signed it , it also has obligations for the refugees which most of these current migrants are failing to uphold . 
  probably because they do n't know those obligations and nobody 's bothered to force them to find out . 
   would n't you also be upset when you are beeing held against your will ? 
  people do n't get to just go to any foreign country they want and trample around with no control from the governing authority . 
  being upset about that is rather childish . 
  being a refugee does n't mean you get walk over any and all borders at will until you reach your preferred location . 
  it means when you arrive in a safe country you surrender to the authorities , do what they tell you and apply for asylum . 
  if you do n't then you 're in the country illegally and should be detained and/or deported . 
  with force and even violence if necessary although obviously preferably not . 
  it 's probably the same phenomena that people go through when one of their friends suddenly says something racist and your brain goes blank for second in trying to decide whether you should interject . 
  in the end it 's easier to ignore it than face up to the fact that your friend might be a bit of an asshole . 
  path of least resistance and all that . 
  of course this is much more extreme than that but there were probably people there who looked around when he said that thinking ` did he really just say that ' . 
  then when no one around them left they did n't either because it 's easier . 
  only when he kept spouting bullshit did the scale tip to the ` this is ridiculous i should say something ' side . 
  unacceptable and scary behavior but also sort of morbidly fascinating . 
  to be fair he was booed of the stage eventually . 
  not for that concentration camp remark though which implies he managed to top that by saying something worse . 
  that 's quite a scary achievement . 
   do you really think there would not be a huge and dramatic swing of opinion if , say , a thousand people was to drown near the greek shores and in the face of frontex ? 
  not particularly no . 
  that has after all been happening for the past few years with boats coming from libya and most people and governments have n't given a flying fuck . 
  still do n't as they 're too busy giving a fuck about the thousands walking across borders like they do n't exist . 
  funny , that 's exactly why i find the refugee crisis scarier . 
  well , scary is n't exactly the right word , it 's more worrying . 
  right wing idiots have always existed and most of them are all bark and no bite . 
  the existing structures in our societies are capable of handling those few that actually put their words into action and we have a pretty good track record of doing so . 
  a million refugees that you need to feed , house and educate are problem on a whole other scale that no country in the history of the planet has ever handled in a way that could reasonably called good . 
  there 's going to be a need for thousands and thousands of new teachers , thousands of new bureaucrats and thousands of new houses just for starters . 
  that 's an insurmountable logistical issue that no amount of money or good intentions are going to solve in a timely fashion . 
  on the plus side it does drive some of my conservative coworkers to hilarious histrionics so it has some immediate benefits too . 
   their only choices are if it 's going to be rioting by the natives over the state taking over unused buildings to house migrants in , or migrants over living in tents . 
  the worst case scenario is both of those happening at the same time in the same place . 
   and then everyone who is n't accepted pays smugglers a couple thousand dollars . 
  and we are back at the status quo . 
  and you can legally refuse every single one of those people thus removing the incentive to try to smuggle yourself into the eu . 
  neither the un refugee treaty nor eu regulations are suicide pacts so they contain enough leeway that you can establish a process where only those refugees going through the proper procedures have a chance of asylum . 
  hell , technically they both contain so much leeway that you could easily refuse to take anyone anymore on account of danger to public order or national security . 
   within our own society are those refugees within your society ? 
  those arsonists probably did n't think so . 
  and the best that can be said about western values when it comes to people outside our societies is that the main ingredient is indifference towards them .
