my friend 's son is one of the finnish conscripts who has been at the finnish-swedish border herding the refugees . 
  according to him backstabbing swede jokes are popular among them once again . 
  but the only way to keep them in sweden would be force so that 's rather unlikely . 
  the waiting times are about to explode in finland as well with this influx . 
  so none of those people pushing their way through police cordons and walking on highways disrupting traffic and ignoring all efforts to manage the stream of humanity are syrian ? 
  they 're all some other nasty people taking advantage of those law abiding legitimate refugees ? 
  also i 'm not shitting on them . 
  i 'm pointing out that they 're already breaking more laws than any refugee has any right to . 
  illegally crossing borders is one thing to which any legitimate refugee has a right to within reasonable limits . 
  refusing registration and ignoring the directions of local authorities as if they were mere guidelines is an entirely different matter that no one , refugee or not , has a right to do . 
   they might have come to the european countries illegally , but they have no reason to break the law and go to somewhere else once they 're settled in a refugee centre . 
  they 've continuously refused to be settled in refugee centers in countries they do n't find good enough . 
  all the while breaking laws in those countries by not registering and not respecting the local authorities in anyway which by the way is something the refugee convention requires them to do . 
  why on earth would they start respecting those laws and authorities with the quotas when they still have n't gotten what they want ? 
   i do n't know why people think that any refugee would prefer to live on the street without any welfare or work permit in germany than to get asylum in eastern europe . 
  because many native eastern europeans currently prefer that . 
  no reason to think refugees would be any different . 
  especially since they never wanted to be in eastern europe to begin with , their asylum status confers them very little there and the native population is not going to be exactly welcoming considering how the refugees have been hoisted on them . 
   why do you think refugees without any emotional ties to their hosting eastern european country will stay ? 
  add to that the inevitable hostility from the native populations especially considering how this policy has been pushed on them . 
  i 'd say yes but tenuously . 
  the populations in a lot of those countries are much less happy about those policies and in the long term positions of the governments and positions of the people tend to converge . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see whether the people will follow the governments or governments the people . 
  so enforced haphazardly and ineffectually ... 
   also this does n't affect any asylum seekers in germany , it is about greece italy etc. 
  technically germany could ask the other nations to take some asylum seekers from germany as part of that 54 000 of the quota that was reserved for hungary . 
  i doubt germany would be dumb enough to try that considering the absolute shitstorm it would create . 
   it 'd be ridiculous to say `` american for the ethnic americans '' in contrast . 
  yet surprisingly often that 's almost exactly what was being said . 
  not necessarily for `` ethnic americans '' but for americans . 
  and of course only people who were like the person talking were included under that term . 
  and you 're right the us eventually tends to get it done but it 's never easy . 
  i just dislike when people see the us as some sort of paragon of successful integration . 
  when years of mistreatment and outright discrimination before acceptance is considered a success , there 's something wrong with the picture . 
  the us does it with time . 
  look up the history of any and all immigrant groups to the us and how they 've been treated . 
  it 's a history filled with previous immigrant groups treating the new groups like shit for decades and generations until time takes care of the integration . 
  it 's only in the last few decades that the process has become a bit faster and the discrimination has gone from legal and even violent discrimination to mainly just individuals being shitty to each other . 
  tornio is below the arctic circle but it 's still close enough that you 'll have days where you 're lucky to have more than an hour of sunlight . 
   why are my taxes going to a country whose citizens regularly insult my fellow citizens ? 
  to pay for unfettered access to their markets which together with those countries keeping the euro valued low benefits germany 's export economy way more than anyone else in the union . 
  in france for example 50 % are against taking further refugees and 60 % against treating syrians any differently from other applicants according to [ this ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/willkommenskultur-in-germany-non-merci-in-france/a-18721427 ) article . 
  yet the government appears to support the quota system . 
  and in most eu countries , including big supporters of the quotas and immigration in general like sweden and austria , anti-immigration populist parties are doing better and better . 
  italy and greece are also very much for the quotas but the public is against taking more refugees or immigrants than they have now . 
  in fact , germany is one of the few european countries i can think of where the public opinion is not particularly anti-immigration and parties catering to that are not doing that much better than usual . 
  none of those examples i gave show anything specifically against the quota system but i do think they reflect a general increasing anti-immigration stance that is not necessarily reflected by the current governments and that is quite different from the mood of the german public . 
  that 's why i 'm not so sure that the mood in this sub is all that different from the general european mood . 
  i think germany might be the outlier . 
  admittedly , i have n't been in europe for a while and my views come from what my friends and family there tell me plus the media so i could be wrong . 
  going to be in munich for oktoberfest in a week though so maybe i can try to do some personal research while enjoying the beer . 
  that 's the position of the governments , right ? 
  not public opinion . 
  those two do n't necessarily have anything to do with each other even in democracies . 
  from what i 've observed immigration and refugees tend to be issues where the public and political elites often diverge radically . 
  nobody will let them freeze to death but having to deal with the cold and dark of finnish winter is probably a lot better of an anti-immigration device than any fence could be . 
  trust me , it 's why i left . 
   take the response to angela merkel 's statements as an example , the response on this subreddit was in no way comparable to the public opinion in germany . 
  was it comparable to the public opinion in the rest of europe maybe ? 
  from speaking with my mostly british colleagues and finnish friends the public opinion there matches the mood in this sub a lot better than it matches the german public opinion . 
  admittedly limited evidence but then i 'm having a really hard time trying to figure out what any of the publics feels about all of this . 
  i really wish i had time and access to real polling data to actually research it . 
  just out of curiosity , how is that racist propaganda ? 
  advocating for the removal of a politician who is dumb enough to say `` sweden can easily handle those we get today '' is n't defending racism necessarily . 
  even if you 're for most types of immigration , which i am by the way , you still have to admit that sweden already has problems housing the people coming , not to mention integrating them . 
  the more people come , the bigger those problems get and it certainly will never be easy . 
  it 'll be a monumental undertaking that will take decades and while i think it will eventually benefit countries like sweden in the short term it 's going to be costly and difficult . 
  the mandatory quota does n't really solve the problem though . 
  especially since the current plan is only for the re-distribution of the 160 000 already in the eu and even that has proven impossible to agree on . 
  most of the countries agreeing with the quotas are not happy about it either and if and when there 's an attempt to use quotas for the rest of the refugees i do n't think that qualified majority will survive . 
  the finnish government for example already has its reservations about the mandatoriness part and with the anti-immigration finns party in it i do n't think the government would survive further use of quotas . 
  the finns would break off before that . 
   it wo n't take long and the opposing countries come back to the table to have a meaningful discussion about short and long term solutions . 
  and i believe that is about to change . 
  i hope that 's true but i 'm not optimistic . 
  the problem is n't just that some countries think that it 's not their problem to begin with . 
  the other problem is that the countries that acknowledge the problem do n't trust the eu to be able to actually solve it . 
  i find it more likely that more and more countries will turn back to trying to secure their own borders with little regard for the others . 
  that 's for the 160 000 people already in the eu . 
  you do not want to admit in public that those quotas will continue to be used for the rest of the incoming waves of refugees or you 'll see that qualified majority turn into a minority of one . 
  is there a country in the eu that does n't consider itself overwhelmed at this point ? 
  i 've been reading finnish news and there 's been 300-500 people coming over the northern border with sweden every day . 
  does n't sound like much compared to others but apparently even that 's too much and there is significant trouble finding places to put them . 
  if everyone is overwhelmed you 'd think it would get easier to find that famous `` solidarity '' . 
  but that would involve water cannons and tear gas . 
  did n't your defense minister just a couple days ago criticize hungary for using those on rioting refugees ? 
  unacceptable and against european rules or something like that she said i think . 
  so , tent camps in the nordics and winter is coming . 
  that 's gon na be a pleasant experience . 
  true enough . 
  i wonder which part of the journey takes longer generally , crossing europe or crossing to europe . 
  either way it might even get slower now that train rides across hungary and austria are off the table . 
  although serbia appears to still be busing people to its borders . 
   the journey from greece takes about 20-30 days . 
  there was just a news article that quoted a family on the border of hungary who had a 4 day old baby that was born in athens . 
  most of the interviews i 've seen with refugees in the most recent articles have people saying they 've been travelling for days or couple weeks since leaving syria . 
  it certainly does n't take 30 days . 
   first of all , `` controlling the borders '' is a thought terminating cliche , just like `` turning the boats '' . 
  people that enter eu without a right to stay are forcibly removed . 
  this is true today and will continue to be true tomorrow .
