  not one of those countries who voted for it is in anyway serious about implementing it . 
  not even germany . 
  actions speak louder than words and their actions show they have no desire for any sort of resettlement plan . 
  and finland abstained from the vote because the finns party has enough problems being in government without having to accede to voting yes on something like this . 
  that would 've probably collapsed the government so not exactly glowing support to begin with . 
   you not want to move immediately with them i might want to but it 's not reasonable for me to expect that to be possible . 
  you ca n't always get what you want you know . 
  it 's also not like they require you to be fluent in the language but simply to be willing to learn the basics before entering and therefore show you have at least a minimum amount of commitment to integrating . 
   all our constitutional , legal and ethical norms are individualist in nature that 's really not true at all . 
  european welfare states are fundamentally collectivist in nature . 
  they 're a legal and ethical construct whose main purpose is to promote and uphold societal ties and they rely on people feeling part of the community to function . 
  nor are other european laws devoid of cultural preferantialism . 
  they establish a very european societal structure that is completely different from what most of the rest of the world has . 
  structure of education , structure of elder care , what people are allowed to say do and show in public , what they are allowed to own . 
  all of those and a hell of a lot more is established with laws that are based on what the european cultural community is comfortable with it and is very much designed to try to make people think and act in a certain way . 
  that 's just laws , do n't get me started on cultural norms that are not enforced with law . 
  and all the individual countries in europe have their own particular twists but they 're certainly all trying to enforce a particular culture on their people . 
  both of those are entirely legally possible , the refugee treaties are not suicide pacts . 
  you have no obligation to give asylum to an infinite number of less fortunate people . 
  any country can at any point decide that their internal public order and security does n't allow them to take in more people . 
  and this is the eu we 're talking about . 
  if someone disagrees with your justification it 's not as if there 's anyone who could or would enforce their displeasure on you . 
  not nice nor humane necessarily but the world rarely is . 
  as for schengen , i hope you 're right . 
  securing the outer borders should be the goal but right now there does n't seem to be the will nor the ability to do that . 
  and if that does n't change pretty quickly member countries will increasingly start securing their own borders because their populations will demand it . 
  and this quota does nothing to solve that which is why it was a mistake . 
  a permanent quota plan would 've at least provided a possibility of relief for greece but taking a few thousand refugees off their hands once when there 's ten thousand more coming every day is a joke . 
  and there 's no chance of a permanent quota now that even the one-off plan is falling apart before it has even started to be implemented . 
  the only long term solution is to either stop or at least significantly slow down the stream of people coming . 
  you do that by making it clear there 's no asylum waiting for most of the people coming even from syria . 
  that they will not have a life in europe and the most they can expect is another refugee camp with practically no prospects . 
  also you start guarding your borders and stopping people before they cross them , with violence if necessary . 
  it would be better to do all of this eu wide as a common policy but if not then countries will start doing it on their own as can already be seen . 
  or the eu can try to force their members to take in an indefinite amount of refugees over an indefinite length of time but these are still sovereign countries and they wo n't go along with that . 
  many of them might benefit from a boost in population in the long term but they wo n't go along with something they see as a threat to their collective identity . 
  a result that cost a huge amount of political capital and made the divisions in the eu much worse and still solves practically nothing even if it works perfectly . 
  that is presuming those 160 000 will be transferred to the agreed upon countries which is not something i see happening . 
  a year from now i 'll be genuinely surprised if even a tenth of that quota has been placed . 
   but its kind of unfair to shift the blame on it on germany when there was a significant majority in the eu backing the proposal . 
  you were the driving force behind the proposal . 
  you 're right though . 
  majority of the countries backed it according to the proper process so complaining about it being undemocratic is a bit rich . 
  the policy is a misuse of political capital and basically dead on arrival but it 's every bit as legal and democratic as anything else in the eu . 
  do you know the song `` love me , i 'm a liberal '' by phil ochs ? 
  i 've always found it a rather good guide towards the depth of the average person 's liberalism . 
  the original comment does have a point though . 
  even the most liberal of this current batch of refugees is unlikely to share most of those liberal values you stand for . 
  they do after all come from a very conservative islamic society to which those values are an anathema . 
  i doubt they suddenly change their whole value world the second they step on european soil . 
  does n't mean you should n't stand for those liberal values of yours and advocate for holding to them even in crisis but those people you 're standing up for do tend to be antithetical to the supposed values and way of life of the western world . 
  hopefully they 'll change when here but so far we have n't done exactly great in integrating them . 
  that 's because muslims are about 1 % of the us population . 
  a lot harder to refuse to integrate to mainstream society and stay in your own insular communities when your numbers are so minuscule . 
  you can still do it of course but only if you 're willing to sacrifice a lot more for it like say the amish . 
  also a lot harder for muslims to get to america which means that the few who do usually had to work their asses off just to get in and then work their asses off even more to make anything of themselves . 
  there 's no housing provided , nor benefits and the only way to survive is to make something of yourself . 
  that 's one of the most misused examples ever . 
  you can yell fire in a crowded theatre and not be punished in anyway whatsoever . 
  if no one can show you caused any harm by yelling that there can be no prosecution . 
  that 's the difference between american and european style limits on free speech . 
  in america your speech can only be penalized if it caused immediate and direct harm or is an incitement to cause immediate or direct harm . 
  or that 's the principle anyway . 
  in europe in specific cases there only has to be potential harm . 
  no one can show that this old woman spouting bullshit caused any harm nor was she directly inciting anyone to do any harm so in america she could n't be punished . 
   now , please extend that same right of self-determination to germany i understand and respect germany 's limitations on holocaust denial . 
  that does n't mean i agree with them or that i can not criticize those policies . 
  as a european who lives in the us this is one of the few things that i think united states gets right and most of europe gets wrong . 
  that does n't mean i 'm disrespecting germany 's right to self-determination any more than me as a non-citizen criticizing the death penalty means i 'm disrespecting the us 's right to self-determination . 
  nor does it mean i support holocaust denialism . 
   i ca n't just say i 'm in isis and chant death to america . 
  actually you can say both . 
  the most fbi would do about that is make a file of you as a potentially dangerous person but unless they had evidence of more than that they could n't do much more . 
  if you were actually a member of isis then they could possibly arrest you for being a member of a terrorist organization but they could n't arrest you for simply saying you 're a member . 
  also you can say you support isis and espouse most of their views completely legally as long as you 're not directly inciting violence . 
  it 's about the administration of things like welfare and healthcare which are currently handled by a weird mix of regional authorities that do n't really make sense , are often too small to do it efficiently and ca n't do it well either . 
  so for the past several years there 's been efforts to make a law to streamline those authorities into fewer administrative regions ( somewhere between 5-18 ) and now the government might fall because the parties in it can not agree exactly how many of those regions there should be . 
   if iceland had protected deposits from # 0-12 ,500 i doubt our government would have kicked up much of a fuss . 
  iceland not honouring that ( even going to far as to go to court about it ) they had no legal obligation to do so though as that court case decided . 
  the deposit protection schemes are not designed for a situation where all the major banks of a country go down and as such are not required to cover something they inherently ca n't . 
  and governments are not required to back anything beyond those schemes . 
  you made bets without proper information , took a risk and you lost . 
  why a foreign country should cover your losses is beyond me . 
  that would involve coordinated policies . 
  that 's an anathema to proper eu decision making . 
   the ez was created and other nations joined under the premise that it is not a transfer union which was insanely stupid . 
  any nation that thought that was even remotely possible in the long term has to admit a hell of a lot of responsibility for the current situation . 
  now i worry it 's too late to fix it since there 's certainly no political will for the major further integration required . 
  instead it will be the weaker countries falling off the wagon one by one until the whole idea of a eurozone is just a bad joke . 
  you forgot ` break the law to make profit ' from your description of their strategy . 
  also a lot worse for germany if the easterners do n't bring down the value of the euro . 
  that would be big trouble for your exports . 
  besides i think it 's too late for a new eu at this point . 
  the eu institutions are too strong and wo n't willingly give up the power they have any more than any institution ever has . 
  too bad they still do n't have enough power to be actually useful . 
   if they got granted ( not only has the possibility to ) refuge in a country before , they have lost the right . 
  if they just transited it not . 
  you should mention that that 's just one legal interpretation of the treaty and not something that is universally accepted . 
  or even widely accepted . 
   i 'd say being illegally in a country is a good legal ground for detaining them sure .
