  do you want to make him live on the streets ? 
  or america where serving in the military is fast track to citizenship . 
  worked fine for switzerland in the wars since they combined it with a non-critical location , willingness to work with both sides to a point , and a credible defense . 
  all things belgium did n't have and a situation that 's closer to the finnish one than belgium 's whose location basically made actual neutrality an impossibility from the start . 
   and cut its own fingers , so they 'd rescind those measures sooner rather than later . 
  it would still hurt finland badly while it lasted . 
  so joining nato would have immediate negative consequences felt by basically everyone in finland and no immediate positive consequences since no one in finland sees a russian invasion as a realistic threat in the short to medium ( and mostly even long ) term . 
  as long as those are the case joining nato really does n't make much political or practical sense for finland . 
  and every american leader has been vocally anti-iran since the shah was overthrown in the 1979 revolution . 
  america mostly does too . 
  because it 's smart . 
  the problem with that post is that it completely ignores the state of russian forces which is rather important when considering a potential war against them . 
  and the russian army is even less logistically capable of doing anything large scale beyond their borders than europe is . 
  the russian army is currently absolute shit and any attack by them against europe right now would end 100 miles from their border due to their inability to support their troops beyond that in any meaningful way . 
  and most people with a brain should be able to get the meaning from the context even if they do n't perfectly understand the words . 
   not allowing eastern europe into nato would n't have been `` revoking their sovereignty '' , it would have just been leaving them out in the cold for russia to exert influence on as they pleased . 
  not even that . 
  western world could 've still countered russia 's influence without letting eastern europe into nato . 
  less effectively maybe but let 's not pretend the choice was between nato or russia 's puppet . 
   and the tories foreign policy is vastly less retarded and much more supportive of you guys . 
  it 's every bit as retarded just in the opposite direction . 
  you do know what the word isis means right ? 
  islamic state of iraq and syria ? 
  they had been one of the main insurgent/terrorist organizations in iraq long before they went to syria . 
  the only reason they had any power to go to syria is because of the power they had in iraq which they had mainly because the iraq war was one of the worst blunders western powers have made in the middle east . 
  which is saying something considering our history there . 
  it 's the equivalent of making your kid smoke a whole pack of cigarettes because you caught them smoking one . 
  it 's specifically designed to be a barrier to human interaction and it does that very well . 
  anyone wanting to help integration would do well to try to get rid off veils since interaction with natives is the only real route to it . 
  i 'm aware but i have a european passport as well so it wo n't personally affect me . 
  regardless the eu has its rules for treating member states equally and us and canada have their rules for visa freedom , both of which seem reasonable to me . 
  one or the other is still gon na have to give because the current arrangement ca n't survive . 
  and that canadian response is irrelevant . 
  eu may not be a country but it has control over eu wide visa policies . 
  so if canada wants visa free travel to the eu they 'll have to give visa free travel to eu countries in return . 
  all of them . 
  no exceptions . 
  congratulations you managed to find the miracles . 
  out of the class of 30 recent refugees my mother was teaching only 18 could read at a reasonable level . 
  and those were the best prospects who still will only amount to anything after several years . 
  the other 12 have no chance and they 're beginning to realize it themselves which is dangerous . 
  it will happen no matter what at this point . 
  the influx is too great and even if the rest of europe wanted to take all the refugees they could n't do it fast enough for greece to not be fucked . 
  and rest of europe is not willing to be fucked along with greece anyway . 
  actually at this point they are pretty trivial . 
  geneva refugee convention has been a dead letter for most of the world since it 's conception and this crisis killed both it and dublin for europe . 
  turkey wo n't accept those camps which means the only effective choice is to create the camps in greece . 
  with all costs covered by eu since greece has been and will be fucked over enough as it is . 
  that 's because they had a massive amount of room for people to colonize and create new communities in . 
  europe has no such safety valve . 
  nor does europe have a massive need for and capacity to absorb uneducated masses like the us did with european immigrants . 
  and if those 2000 people refuse to be detained by the border police ? 
  how much force are the border police allowed to use to keep control ? 
  and if those 2000 get violent and pose a threat to the lives of the borde police , is it ok to use deadly force then ? 
  any further relocations can be forced through with qmv but whether there is such a majority is a good question . 
  and even if the majority is there if the minority voting against refuses to abide by the decision there 's little that will be done to compel them . 
  any allusions to cutting funding for the reluctant nations holds even less weight than the threats of cutting aid to mahgreb countries for not taking deportees . 
  nobody thinks eu will actually do it so eu gets ignored . 
  and most of those refused asylum never leave regardless and continue being supported by the german state making a distinction between someone with a successful claim and someone with an unsuccessful one completely meaningless . 
   neither the parliament nor the electorate wants that which brings us right back to naive bleeding hearts directing policy ... 
   but when they are aligning themselves with the far-right policies , surely that ca n't be avoided - if for no other reason , then as a method of identification . 
  sure , although they probably would n't agree those policies are far-right since `` centrists '' like they are supporting them . 
  far-rightist are bad people after all and these people are not so any policy they support obviously ca n't be far-right since that might make them bad as well ... 
  the point was to explain why people feel like they 're being called nazis even though that word does n't appear anywhere and it 's because nazi and far-right are near synonyms for many people . 
  whether far-right is an accurate description of them due to policy preferences does n't really matter to why they feel insulted since that 's a function of how they self-identify . 
  i think people take being called far-right as equivalent to being called a nazi especially if they do n't self identify as regular old right wing . 
  to a person who considers themselves to be a centrist or even a leftist but is against the current immigration policies being called far-right probably seems like a terrible insult . 
  nope that was all about mobile connections . 
  there 's no data caps on those in finland for most operators and they offer 4g routers for home use as an alternative to fixed broadband . 
  teliasonera is the only operator with datacaps of any kind and their competitors have been mocking them for it so they might be changing it . 
  congestion does cause some slowing . 
  as in when i had a plan with an advertised max speed of a 100mbit/s it did n't quite get to that on a workday evening when everyone is at home watching netflix or something . 
  but i never noticed it slowing down to a crawl either and i always managed to use it for streaming , downloading games or whatever with no problems . 
  maybe teliasonera has finally decided to become decent and get rid off data caps . 
  they 're the only operator in finland that uses them and i 'm pretty sure that 's simply due to corrupting swedish influence . 
  that 's just pathetic . 
  the whole article is just a description of one failure after another . 
  not a single thing that has been managed right or even decently and this is with just the current million refugees ( or whatever the number is since apparently there 's no way to know even approximately ) . 
  with the thousands and thousands still coming it wo n't get any better anytime soon either . 
  `` wir schaffen das '' was sort of funny before but now it 's just sad . 
  the utter unwillingness to use force of any kind anywhere is what 's killed these european asylum policies . 
  you can make all sorts of plans of how to deal with refugees but unless you 're willing to force them to go through proper checks , force them to accept going to certain countries and if necessary forcibly deport them or even stop them from coming none of those plans mean anything . 
  it 's the same when it comes to the relocation program . 
  unless you 're willing to punish those who are unwilling to do as they agreed and unless you 're willing to use a little stick to get them to do more it means nothing . 
  and everyone involved from the national governments to the refugees knows the eu will not use force so all their plans will just be ignored . 
  he seems to have much more of an idea than any of the people he 's arguing with . 
  hint : the eu is n't complaining merely because pis is putting it 's own people in state media like all the previous governments did . 
  if that 's what you think it 's about you might want to read up on it or stop pretending to know anything . 
  he is right though . 
  the people who he 's arguing with do n't seem to actually understand what the polish government has been doing . 
  they think it 's merely about pis putting it 's own people in state media which is most definitely not why the eu ( not just germany ) is complaining . 
   better and more refugee camps in turkey , lebanon and jordan those will not matter as long as anyone who gets into europe gets to stay in europe . 
  unless you 're willing to start saying no to most of the people coming in and actually enforcing that no the refugees who have the ability will continue to stream into europe regardless of any new camps . 
  because this review process did n't exist before the hungarian situation forced its creation . 
  i 'm sure the eu would 've loved to do this back then too but unfortunately it was n't possible . 
  now it is which is a good thing indeed . 
  if the eu does n't make it then poland has a lot more troubles in its future than anything positive . 
  and poland does care about its council voting rights unless they 're complete morons which is actually entirely possible considering the current leadership . 
  there has n't been a western leader worth admiring in the past ten years , maybe closer to twenty . 
  not that the non-western ones have been better .
