  that 's all of american culture worth knowing right there . 
  that 's the real stuff of legend . 
  everything after is just youngsters having their pretensions catered to for no good reason . 
  the song is basically just about riding a fighter plane to the `` danger zone '' . 
  and combine it with the movie top gun it 's basically about being white as fuck american riding one of the biggest guns in the world to combat while smiling that white as fuck smile . 
  so you 're getting the main essence . 
  edit : you got ta love fucking america , sometimes, 
  it makes me sad that you can know archer but not the song and the movie it references . 
  damn you gema , damn you all to [ hell ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csbyx6hevoq ) . 
  edit : still damn you gema for making u/whereworm take all those minutes to figure out the joke, 
  [ yes , mine 's original ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk0p1bk8cx4 ), 
  the ones in germany not directly , no . 
  and whether it 's actually a zone of danger is entirely up to your politicians so in the long term it 's all up to whether the voting population is willing to give a shit about people they do n't actually care about . 
  you can stop a lot of the at the mediterranean before `` proper '' europe . 
  obliviously it 's all sophistry about who is and is not entitled to asylum but the point is , it 's ultimately up to you how you want to interpret the treaties you 're a part of . 
  because no one with any significant influence is going to to interfere with your interpretation . 
  because it would imply complications to them as well that they 'd rather not deal with . 
  you 're not obligated to let them in your country if they 're not coming directly from a dangerzone . 
  and even if they are coming from a dangerzone as long you stop them before they get within your borders you have no obligations . 
  that 's at least according to the us supreme court decision regarding haitian refugees who were stopped by the us navy in international waters and shipped straight back to haiti with no asylum consideration . 
  of course that 's just the us but there 's no reason germany or the eu could n't apply the same principle . 
  illegally crossing borders is a crime . 
  it 's a crime for refugees as well but they can not be penalized for it as long as they are crossing from a dangerous country and as long as they submit to the local authorities as soon as they have crossed . 
   tell me way that prevents `` refugees '' coming without making un and germany mad at us why should you care if they 're mad though ? 
  i mean as long as you keep to the quotas you agreed to all germany will do is complain a bit . 
  same with the un . 
  neither one will put any real consequences on table so you can safely ignore any little tantrum they throw . 
  people who used to be more or less middle class in syria or iraq paying substantial amounts of money to get to europe thinking they 'll get to continue being middle class in europe . 
  instead they 're basically the lowest rung on the societal ladder with no easy shortcut to climb up . 
  but good for the rest of the eurozone . 
  and through that ultimately good for germany too . 
  not that anyone in germany cares about the eurozone 's long term good apparently . 
  that 's what happens with crimes that are so much about perception . 
  when the same action done in the same situation but by different people can be seen as either sexual harassment or just flirting you 're gon na have these reporting differences . 
  no he did n't . 
  having refugee influx create jobs is not the same as refugees getting jobs . 
  and i was talking about the majority of them . 
  unless most of those 800 000 are lucky enough to find jobs and preferably ones not subsidized by the government it wo n't matter one goddamn bit what a few individuals in bavaria managed to do, 
  it 's the same as going to a major war is for a country . 
  there 's an immediate burst of economic activity as the government has to spend money to buy all the stuff to support the massive new effort . 
  but it can be bad in the long term . 
  if these refugees find jobs and actually become functioning parts of society then it 'll be beneficial . 
  if on the other hand the state has to keep spending money to prop them up then it 's like having a war of attrition wearing you down ... 
  yeah i know the type . 
  i was born in finland and it 's the same way there for the most part . 
  very little consideration given to how a given official statement might play outside the usual suspects listening to it . 
  tends to work for finland since there 's rarely anyone else paying attention but when germany says something in a remotely official fashion , the world listens . 
  and the world will misunderstand and overinterpret what you say and you need to know that and avoid saying something that will so obviously create inflamed reactions . 
  i know . 
  it 's actually fascinating how such a seemingly small and routine thing can get elevated to such ridiculous importance and actually have such ridiculous impact too . 
  i look forward to reading some great book that dissects those whole few months last year . 
  the spiegel article cocojumbo linked is a good one . 
  especially the parts where the hungarians are adamant that the migrants will not be staying in hungary . 
  that it 's either schengen or a corridor but not hungary left holding the bag at the end . 
  there was also a very good die zeit article going through those same days . 
  i 'll see if i can find it . 
  edit : [ here it is ] ( http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/2016-08/refugees-open-border-policy-september-2015-angela-merkel ) . 
  these two articles give a very good overview of what was going on . 
  pay special attention to the hungarians asking whether they should stop the 1000 refugees on the highway before they get to austria and faymann basically saying use of force would be unacceptable . 
  but ultimately the interesting thing is how little control merkel or germany in general had at that point . 
  orban and the migrants were essentially forcing their hand and ultimately the germans were unwilling to choose closing the borders even though there were advocates for that in leading positions . 
  after that they completely lost control for months as people just kept flowing in . 
  the alternative for hungary was to use force to control the situation . 
  they made it clear to germany and austria that those were the two choices . 
  either mass movement from hungary further into europe or hungary starts using its state prerogative and enforcing its will on the migrants by force . 
  merkel and faymann decided to go with what they saw as the lesser evil . 
  both have and are paying a price for that . 
  but you do n't tell people that for christ 's sake . 
  if that 's the reality of the situation then fine but do n't shout it from the rooftops when you have 100s of thousands of people waiting for a sign of how you react in order to decide whether to sell everything and go for europe . 
  it 's a recipe for a disaster . 
  it would n't be easy to solve but certainly doable . 
  it does require sacrifice . 
  it requires billions and billions of euros and the willingness to take the risk of raising up new ethnic enclaves . 
  and most european countries would rather not make those sacrifices and take the risks apparently . 
  it could be done though especially by one of the richest regions of the world but i can understand people not being willing to do so . 
  practically nobody in the world is willing unless they have no choice . 
  anything except voluntary quotas are politically dead in the eu . 
  practically no country is going to be willing to implement them even if it was somehow passed by the eu . 
  what they did is so beyond the pale that they should be banned from doing business in the us whatsoever . 
  specifically having a plan to fool the regulators and then lying about it when you get caught should be something you never get a chance to do again . 
  if germany gets overruled in something they consider important enough they 'll ignore the ruling . 
  just like most eu countries are ignoring the relocation decision . 
  actually all of them are either ignoring or stonewalling that decision which is why everyone now recognizes that relocations will only happen voluntarily . 
  there 's a difference between everyone knowing something and having actual official confirmation for that something . 
  a referendum makes the opinion of the populace into am actual political tool . 
  and practically no other country outside v4 and poland would be willing to go for sanctions at this point either . 
  refugees are too much of a political landmine everywhere for countries to punish someone else for not being nice enough to them . 
  as they should . 
  following the law is the bare minimum standard that society holds us too . 
  all the unspoken rules of how we function every day go much deeper and are frankly more important . 
  more like for the past few decades . 
  generally jobs are not allowed to fire you for going to do your military service . 
  similar to how they 're not allowed to fire women for getting pregnant . 
  every passport from an eu country is an eu passport and you agreed to treat them as such when you made the deal to have visa freedom with the eu . 
  trying to treat certain eu passport holders differently from the rest is breaking that treaty . 
  if you do n't like it then get out of the treaty but as long as you 're in it you should go by what it says . 
  f-35 certain models are for export but f-22 is purely a us air superiority fighter . 
  and to be fair nobody else has anything even approaching the f-22 when it comes to air to air combat so it makes sense to keep it in just us hands . 
  it 's frankly the most overengineered plane for its purpose for a long time . 
  i 'm not surprised they stopped producing it .
