  it 's a politician , a supposed representative of the people . 
  if there 's someone who should be allowed in for a surprise visit it 's someone like her . 
  it 's not like she 's a danger to anyone there and if people there are a danger to her well that 's something the public should know as well . 
   can you read in arabic ? 
  give me stats on how most of these people are illiterate in their own language . 
  depends on where they come from . 
  in the refugee center i volunteered at a third of the afghanis were considered functionally illiterate in their own language . 
  as in they could write their own name and read simple texts but not function in normal society . 
  on the other hand none of the syrians had the same issues . 
  it is not going to be temporary . 
  this will go on for the next decades as climate change grows worse and worse . 
  also any solution is going to cost billions . 
  what you are doing now costs billions so it would n't be much different in that regard . 
  you should be . 
  it 's the only region on the planet currently that has the wealth and population to challenge us hegemony if it wants to . 
  china is getting there but is not yet ready . 
  if europe starts feeling the us is really no longer trustworthy it wo n't be long before we have a truly multipolar world again , with all the instability that brings ... 
  together with rabin and peres for the oslo accords . 
  which are still the closest the world has come to solving the israeli-palestinian conflict peacefully . 
  considering the shit show that conflict is i think they deserved the recognition even if it did n't end it completely . 
  else we 'd be rebuilding the atlantic wall while is ran rampant as we devoted next to nothing to dealing with them we should n't ignore isis but they 're not an actual threat to anyone except the middle east . 
  committing the amounts of resources we already have and essentially designing our militaries around them and similar threats is moronic . 
  they do n't really matter and would collapse on their own even if we did nothing . 
  we should help that along , yes , but with minimal resources . 
  anything else is a waste of effort . 
   you have to make the consequences of every act of war so abhorrent that no nation would so much as `` accidentally '' violate your airspace the problem is you ca n't do that . 
  nobody is going to believe you if you say you 'll nuke them if a single soldier crosses your border . 
  it 's simply not credible , even trump ca n't make that threat realistic . 
  you 'd have to have actual precedent for doing so to make it credible and you ca n't get that precedent without blowing up the world . 
  it 's a catch 22 . 
   so slavery is the answer ? 
  shall we do that with other organisations which ca n't get enough employees too ? 
  i would n't agree it 's slavery in any shape way or form but if those organisations are a necessity for the survival of your country and there 's no other way to keep them staffed , sure . 
  people who enjoy the benefits of living in a society should also shoulder the responsilities to maintain that society . 
  something that people forget way too often nowadays . 
  too expensive and the population is too small to sustain that . 
  the only way for countries like sweden to have a credible defense is either through nato or through conscription . 
  and one of those is reliant on the `` maybe not so reliable anymore '' us . 
  germany failed the as much as the rest of europe . 
  you did nothing until you were forced to and then when you had to act you acted in a way that made sure the rest of europe would n't and could n't help since it would be political suicide to do so . 
  letting those hundreds of thousands walk across all borders essentially destroyed any chance of a wider european solution by making it clear it was every nation for itself . 
  not every terrorist is going to be a committed ideologue . 
  entirely plausible he went ` what the fuck have i just done ' and ran away in panic . 
  the hero we need , not the one we want or deserve and yadda yadda yadda ... 
  every country has extremists and you ca n't avoid having to deal with them . 
  but importing other countries extremists is moronic since you already have your own to deal with . 
  and you know that means absolutely nothing . 
  there 's no enforcement mechanism for echr decisions worth being worried over . 
  any judgement they make can be ignored at will . 
  put them on a rubber dinghy and point them back in the direction they came from . 
  do n't let them go in any other direction and if they sink the new dinghy you let them drown . 
  it works just fine with detention centers inside the eu as it does with them in libya . 
  the main point is to make it clear that you will be confined in a camp with basic necessities but no access to society outside it and certainly no new life in europe . 
  greece is already de facto such a camp and it 's worked wonders in cutting down the numbers of newcomers there . 
  it sure as hell was n't the turkey deal doing that since it has n't actually ever been implemented in any real sense . 
  true enough . 
  the trick is being proactive but not so active that you create a too big of a backlash to your activity . 
  and assuming liberal values are universal from the start is a sure-fire way of creating that backlash since there are very few things people hate as much as overbearing arrogance . 
  which is absolutely the right policy in my opinion but not doing so is not overstepping any authority nor is it trying to overrule the eu . 
  it is the us deciding for itself . 
  the eu is free to make its own choices regarding the same issue . 
  it is in their authority to punish companies doing business in the us that also do business in russia . 
  which is all the us is doing . 
  the us can not tell companies to not do business with russia nor are they trying to but they can put consequences on them doing so . 
  the us is not taking decisions in regard to you . 
  they are taking decisions in regard to companies doing business in both russia and the us and essentially forcing them to choose one . 
  the fact that some of these companies are european is irrelevant to the us and is nothing to do with making decisions for the eu . 
  the us is only making decisions on who they want to do business with . 
   ( `` us is caring about eu energy policy '' ) are void as these objectives are not the business of the us they certainly are when they intersect with us geopolitical rivalry with russia . 
  you may not like it but what effects russia and gives them more leverage in europe is bad for the us and therefore definitely in their interests to butt into . 
   cultures , nations and languages changes with time and there have always been winners and losers with that change . 
  there have and will always be people who dislike the direction of change and to be fair to them there 's no reason the direction has to be a good one . 
  also being wealthier is not necessarily enough to cover over the perceived negatives of the change . 
  money is n't everything afterall . 
  especially if you feel the positive effects and negative effects are unevenly divided . 
   even the most mindless anti-globalists can agree on the foundations of humanity which are at the core of globalisation itself if those are what your questions are supposed get to then no i do n't think many of those people you speak of would agree . 
  i know plenty of people who reject the first , as shitty multinationals replacing national uniqueness with bland one size fits all consumerism . 
  i know plenty of people who could n't care less about passport controls since they rarely or never leave their home countries . 
  plenty of peole would also reject the third outright and at least qualify the last with `` as long as they do n't compete with me '' . 
  nor are they just right wingers but leftists too . 
  i guess pissing off people from both sides of the aisle is the surest sign you 're doing something right . 
  but also more dangerous since it shows a widespread disillusionment . 
  better hope we do n't get another economic crash soonish or those views will spread and become the mainstream as people vent their anger . 
   a ) the ( rest of the ) world is advancing , too , and will shed these opinions just like we did , and the inevitable march of western liberalism is an illusion . 
   b ) because we do n't have to delegate these powers to the world government in the first place and face economic sanctions if we do n't . 
  same place yours did i presume . 
  which is irrelevant . 
  because with lng terminals you are not tied to specific countries through pipelines . 
  so you can buy from whoever you want and mostly ignore russia if push comes to shove . 
  it simply does n't provide the same leverage . 
  it 's less about being specifically white and more about being the dominant ethnicity . 
  and yes in much of europe especially western you 'll have a much harder time instigating programs designed to help the dominant ethnicity in adversity than a non-dominant one . 
  those are effectively the same . 
  individual countries decide what all means in their power means the same way they decide what such action they deem necessary means . 
  neither is worth the paper they 're written on without the willingness to put them into action and in that front the perception is that the us is much more willing to act on its treaty than the eu is . 
  that might change if trump stays around but so far the us has a proven record of being willing to act militarily where the eu is less certain mostly since it has never had the chance or need to do so . 
   and you think us would not do the same why ? 
  because the us has a proven track record of willingness to go around the world to fuck things up for their allies . 
  the us has an entire political establishment that time and time again shows the rhetorical willingness and the will to put that rhetoric to practice . 
  trump may have undermined that yes but he has n't destroyed it , yet .
