  racism is weird . 
   `` but you do n't have fangs . '', 
  i 'll remember that the next time i run into romanians on vacation in south florida . 
  `` and the sun is n't a problem ? '', 
  i love your username . 
  do you tend to careen off out of control in odd directions almost killing innocent bystanders , or do you not have a drivers ' license ? 
  because their state troopers pull me over every time i drive through , and have never ever had a good reason . 
  i grew up in florida , and so there 's some friendly antipathy between the two states . 
  same with us and alabama , but less friendly . 
  my thought process on seeing this thing as i woke up :  georgia you illiterate , peach eating -  / r/europe oh , i 've made an err -  snow i need more coffee . 
  and also , i could murder a bowl of chanakhi this morning . 
  ffs , spell the country 's name right . 
  it 's molvan\u00eea . 
  our dictator 's wife is from there . 
  show some respect . 
  north carolina is . 
  see , i thought you were going to point me to a source which suggested that democrats were equally to blame for gerrymandering and voter suppression . 
  google did n't help me find that , because it is n't true . 
  here are the broad points made by that article :  1 . 
  democrats won in nine of the 10 most-gerrymandered districts . 
  ** but eight out of 10 of those districts were drawn by republicans . 
  **  this speaks to the notion that the point of gerrymandering is n't to draw yourself a safe seat but to put your opponents in safe seats by cramming all of their supporters into a small number of districts . 
  three of the 10 most-gerrymandered districts are in north carolina . 
  maryland and north carolina are essentially tied for the honor of most-gerrymandered state . 
  yeah , maryland is the exception to the rule that this is mostly something republicans do , when it comes to violating peoples ' voting rights . 
  i 'm a fan of making voting districts make geographic sense . 
  i do n't like it when politicians pick their voters . 
  but you got ta admit , while some democrats do engage in this , the chief offenders are republicans . 
  and democrats do n't engage in the kind of voter suppression that republicans do . 
  source ? 
  if the american left get 's a tea party wave , and takes enough statehouses to undo gerrymandering/voter suppression before the 2020 election ( possible , considering that fucking ruby-red alaska just got taken by democrats ) we should consider the possibility that trump will be impeached and brought up on criminal charges the moment the gavel is handed to them in the house . 
  `` as forgiving '' is an understatement . 
  except that we can likely expect a rapid political correction in the us . 
  trump and the gop are seeing opposition levels ( before trump has even been sworn in ) similar to those that bush and the gop saw in 2006 . 
  it 's a larger reaction than what happened in 2009/2010 with the tea party . 
  so if it is true that ireland follows the us and uk , it will be interesting to see what happens post correction , when the us veers back to the left . 
  you beat me to it . 
  the difference here is that people would seek to coordinate , officially , on an eu-wide level with a single eu-wide brand . 
  so all the labor parties would melt together into `` the european labor party . '', 
  and then you 'd have elp england , elp wales , elp catalonia , etc. 
  a good model to look at here is the us democratic party , which is basically a coalition of a bunch of other , smaller parties that folded in over time . 
  you have the minnesota democratic farmer labor party , you 've got the working families party , and a few others as well . 
  the way you would do this is two ways . 
  let 's say you 're , i do n't know , the european $ position party . 
  you would have independent $ position parties in various countries , or in the case of something like spain , regions . 
  so ... the catalonian $ position party would have the ability to make its own decision on something like supporting or opposing catalan independence , while they would sign up to an eu-wide platform ( which is voted on every year at a party conference ) that affects eu-wide issues . 
  the second aspect is to have an eu-wide set of policies that can only happen at the eu level . 
  eu-wide pensions and healthcare for example , for nations which are on the euro . 
  that takes the burden off of smaller countries , and places it with the authority that actually controls the currency . 
  i think indians might have some great ideas on that point too , but that 's just my two cents . 
  edit : forgot the second aspect, 
  i like dominguero . 
  i like that a lot , 
  excuse me , do you speak english ? 
  surely you have americans and brits coming through as tourists . 
  i know bilbao is n't barcelona , but even so , euskadi has to have its fair share of tourists who drive poorly ? 
  i 'm forgetting that people do n't need to drive as often in europe are n't i ? 
  i grew up in florida , so , tourist drivers are a thing here . 
  are they a thing where you are ? 
  til about the autobahn . 
  interesting !, 
  would you explain the context ? 
  not the tech companies . 
  what ? 
  what ? 
  just a normal american . 
  a normal religious american . 
  that was a , um , [ church hymn . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocgx3o2_mdy ) that i was singing . 
  in english . 
  on a monday . 
  because i love jesus . 
  i drive on a regular basis , and have done so for 15 years . 
  i have never in my life seen evidence that german cars are equipped with turn signals . 
  shhh . 
  shhhhh . 
  all is germany now . 
   the us needs to build better cars - says the country that does n't install turn signals on their cars !, 
  edit : christ , people . 
  the joke is that assholes who drive expensive german luxury cars tend to be so inconsiderate that they do n't use turn signals . 
  / r/eu4 is leaking all over this thread . 
  come , glitterhoof , we wo n't debase ourselves with such low nonsense . 
  this is no longer amusing . 
  not that you were worth my time to begin with : ) by the way , you lost the argument when you started using personal insults . 
  there 's no reason to respond at that stage , and i generally do n't unless it 's amusing . 
  which you were for a moment . 
  again , check out / r/iamverysmart to see what people think of folks like you . 
  feel free to respond , but know i 'll never read it , because by the time you 've received this message , you 'll already be blocked . 
  have a nice day . 
  i hope you find something more productive to do than yell at strangers on the internet . 
  not for the tatars . 
  the crimean russians have taken their land and property , and are doing everything they can to push them out . 
  housing policy , business policies , and all the rest are specifically designed to push the tatars out . 
  they 're trying to move there , but are very often prevented . 
   maybe you should link more of the story instead of your predictable biased mess . 
  objects to wikipedia link , calling it a biased mess . 
  provides second wikipedia link . 
  crimean tatars live there today as a minority , but many of them were forcibly removed by the soviets . 
  they have a right to return . 
  you act as if the tatars no longer exist and ignore their rights completely in a way that supports what was done to them .
