i * completely * disagree . 
  after scottish independence , we wo n't have * one * ally in the eu , we 'll have dozens , of which scotland will be one . 
  let 's not forget that we have major nato allies in the eu . 
  let 's also not forget that scotland and the us share huge international , cultural , and historical ties . 
  thanks to the highland clearances and the irish potato famine , we have more people of various kinds of gaelic ancestry in the us than we do people from england . 
  of the 43 presidents we 've had , something like 25 of them have been scottish-american or scots-irish . 
  that 's not going to go away just because the union jack loses its blue , and the saltire flies alone . 
  and no . 
  no it is not true that scotland can keep the uk in the eu . 
  of every single election that the scots have participated in in the 20th and 21st centuries , their votes would never once have changed the ultimate outcome , if subtracted . 
  this is true of referendums , of general elections , of everything . 
  scotland is not the linchpin of the uk . 
  in fact , a scottish exit is likely to cause a labour party resurgence , as the uk blames the tories for the destruction of the united kingdom . 
  for the eurosceptics , it will be an unmitigated disaster . 
  but if scotland stays in , there will be no left wing resurgence . 
  just new labour , as it is , plodding along towards the cliff at an angle , saying they 're better than the tories because they wo n't drive you straight over . 
  so * you 're * what happened to bulgaria . 
  again . 
  should be gaelic/goidelic instead of irish . 
  not sure what the overarching word is for the brythonic languages as `` brythonic '' is a bit of a dated term . 
  of those languages , there 's welsh , breizh , and cornish . 
  there are three subsets of gaelic . 
  irish , manx , and scottish . 
  each one of those has their own dialects , including a distinct north american dialect of scottish gaelic . 
  it 's not as simple as `` irish '' and `` welsh '' though . 
  it 's a really cool chart though . 
  makes me wonder what other languages are kind of just tossed together here . 
  sure . 
  i 'll do it immediately and without google . 
  here 's my mspainting of my screen right now . 
  http://imgur.com/odzwbe3 edit : i 'll be honest , though , i do n't know off the top of my head which order the baltics come in . 
  to the north of poland is the russian exclave , and one of the baltics . 
  i know that it 's not estonia , so lithuania or latvia . 
  following that in clockwise rotation is belarus , ukraine , slovakia , the czech republic , and germany . 
  edit 2 : i just noticed when you mouse over the map , it tells you the names . 
  this makes everything i just did seem much less impressive :( edit 3 : on the plus side , i just noticed that the baltics are in alphabetical order north to south . 
  so i did learn something about european geography today , just because you asked me to find poland !, 
  i 'll never forget what order they come in again !, 
  thanks , / u/machete234 :d, 
  [ this calls for a celebration !, 
  i 've met hilarious ... well . 
  no , wait !, 
  there was ... nope , she was swiss . 
  huh . 
  i did n't realize there was a drinking culture in turkey . 
  i now want to try this raki . 
  i googled for turkish restaurants in my area , and found three . 
  i know where i 'm getting lunch today . 
  yeah , i caught the joke , and was attempting to make my own . 
  i guess mine was n't particularly funny . 
  i wo n't , personally , but you go ahead and feel totally free . 
  you , us , and the uk . 
  we arm the world . 
  we and the kremlin . 
  i 'll see your englanders and raise you a canuck . 
  see , it 's marketing like this that makes americans think beamers are some kind of `` luxury '' cars . 
  you guys were always better than us at propaganda . 
   there 's no room for foreign corporations in a nationalised industry . 
  this is n't true . 
  nationalized industries buy stuff from other countries all the time . 
  air carriers , train systems , they all purchase goods and services from other corporations , sometimes foreign ones . 
  this is especially true of the oil industry . 
  when the uk oil industry was basically nationalized , it was n't british expertise that was used to get the oil out of the ground . 
  [ it was american . 
  ] ( https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=2519&amp;dat=19750129&amp;id=gnhdaaaaibaj&amp;sjid=l18naaaaibaj&amp;pg=1725,4273978&amp;hl=en ) the wilson/callaghan governments under labour discovered that bp ( formerly anglo iranian ) did n't have the technology to get the oil out of the ground , and they did n't have the experience either . 
  so they hired a number of american companies . 
  this in an oil industry that , under the socialists , was quasi-nationalized . 
  the british government owned a controlling share of the company . 
  under thatcher 's privatization , the government sold off 5 % of their share of bp stock . 
  moving from 51 % ownership of bp to 46 % . 
   why would nato denuclearize ? 
  it relies on mad and nukes for power projection . 
  why do brits insist that this is the case ? 
  it 's only in uk media that i ever hear nato referred to as a nuclear alliance . 
  that 's not how the us perceives it either in policy or leadership . 
  the americans who support our nuclear program are generally those who have ties to the industries supported by it . 
  as for military and political leadership , anti-nuclear thinking is bipartisan . 
  colin powell and a number of other conservative figures oppose nuclear weapons , and think that we ought to use nato as a tool to eliminate them , globally . 
  the only reason to have them is that other nations have them . 
  there is no one i am aware of in american politics who supports the continued use of mad . 
  the people who argue in favor of nuclear weapons only ever talk about how it will affect us jobs and industry to end the program . 
  but britain has this weird attachment to nuclear weapons that we do n't , and sees nato in a nuclear context , which again , we do n't . 
  not anymore , anyway . 
  leaving aside the eu politics , because that 's the least interesting part of this discussion for me , and only time will tell about a brexit ( which i think is n't going to happen , but i could be wrong ) i 'd like to move back to the scottish stuff . 
   nationalism and ethnic identity are separate concepts . 
  19th century romantic nationalism tied them together , but there are other ways of viewing the importance of the nation-state . 
  ethnicity is the least useful , and the most harmful . 
   in the long term i agree . 
  however in the short term it would be a painful breakup , and scotland has nowhere near the economic resources as the rest of the uk , considering the oil has nearly run out . 
  i ca n't remember the name of the economist , but she wrote a really important document about how scotland needs to build its economy before independence . 
  and in the short term , that 's exactly what scotland needs to do . 
  i 'm worried though that within the union , it does n't have the tools to do that . 
  i do n't think the new package of powers will actually help it do that . 
  i cite greenock again . 
  edit : and i forgot about the us ally stuff . 
  i actually think that it would be better for us interests . 
  specifically , it will likely lead to the uk abandoning its nuclear deterrent and focusing on conventional forces . 
  force projection has nothing to do , really , with nuclear weapons . 
  force projection is aircraft carriers , drones , and conventional cruise missiles . 
  neither am i , but i would n't notice it anyway .
