  i consider myself a human before i consider myself an american or anything else . 
  injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . 
  undemocratic politics anywhere is a threat to democratic politics everywhere . 
  in most situations it 's self centered to take an interest only in those things which are directly in front of your face . 
  in a globalized world , that outlook is tantamount to political suicide . 
  i seek to work with people all around the world to build the kind of global society , internationally , everywhere , that i would like to live in . 
  i would like to create a world where a person born in any part of the world would would have the same extremely high standard of medical care , housing , education , and opportunity . 
  i would like to take the engine of industrial capitalism and use it for the benefit of everyone , rather than that small group of people who happen to own most of the world . 
  the political forces that oppose this worldview , the neoliberals and plutocrats , have themselves organized internationally . 
  so to achieve progressive change , those of us who have a vision for a better world must organize across national borders , and work together , peacefully and democratically , to achieve a better world . 
  the uk 's constitutional settlement is one thread in a much larger web of problems that are interconnected . 
  an independent scotland can help nato become a denuclearizing force , and give it a new mission for the 21st century . 
  it can reach far beyond its borders , and help stabilize the oil industry in africa , it can work with nations right across the world , diplomatically , as an anti-colonial force , and it can help translate nordic social democracy into english . 
  it would have a massive effect on the us because of the demographics of the american political system . 
  if the scots of the american south could be inspired by the homeland they 're so damned proud of to take steps towards building an education , healthcare , and criminal justice system that the people in their homeland want to build , it will permanently shift the ground in american politics . 
  in the long term , it would be better for europe . 
  the breakup of the uk would give british folks an even greater say in the eu , just based on numbers . 
  as individual countries , the former uk constituents would have a net gain in eu parliamentary seats . 
  this could encourage the breakup of spain , the exit from france of the breizh , and possibly the breakup of germany as well . 
  this leads to greater political integration within europe , and keeps europe from being dominated by any single country 's banking system in a way that caused the current eurocrisis . 
  it would reestablish the importance of the nation-state in the political thought of the left . 
  unfortunately , we 've been taking a rather dim view of nationhood because of a backlash against the nazis and the ethnic nationalism of the 19th century . 
  but nations are the collective entities that allow `` we , the people '' to have any control over those larger , less accountable institutions , such as corporations . 
  most importantly t will allow scots to build a better scotland . 
  it will give them control over their own affairs . 
  but the potential consequences for the world are so much larger then even they realize . 
  you said you were from scotland originally , so i ask you to turn your eyes to greenock specifically . 
  there , at greenock , is a deepwater port , with access to one of the largest cargo airports in europe , and access also to rail . 
  the natural resources in the area are perfect for the construction of extremely high quality steel . 
  shipbuilding is something done mainly in wealthy , developed nations , and it 's unfortunate that this industry was abandoned . 
  but literally any other industry that produces things of consequence would see greenock as a prime location because of the unexploited natural resources of iron and coal . 
  haven spoken with people there and researched the recent economic history , the only reason that greenock is not an economic powerhouse within scotland is because the national government in london has completely failed in its economic duties , and consistently failed to give the scottish parliament the power it needs to solve scotland 's economic problems . 
  in fact , what lead me to understand the necessity for scottish independence was the destruction of ravenscraig . 
  that was an act of horrific incompetence , if not outright malice . 
  i tend to presume the former until i have evidence of the latter . 
  as you 're an opponent of independence , i would actually enjoy having a conversation with you about this . 
  i learn more from disagreement than i do from echo chambers . 
   and guess what germany , its society and especially politicians were trained to never do again ? 
  right ... thinking `` strategically '' . 
  the results are visible these days . 
  exactly !, 
  just ask the greeks . 
  :p if the german people were thinking a little bit harder about strategy , perhaps you would n't be doing so much damage to your neighbors . 
  and which country would that be ? 
  which one of the uk 's constituent countries i mean ? 
  noraid . 
  wow is peter king is a dick . 
  http://imgur.com/9hgzlwa i 'm surprised that you 're unhinged enough to compare democratic movements that do not engage in violence to a terrorist organization . 
  you 're really going to go there ? 
  # 17.5 bn to # 23.4 bn according to mod figures is larger than the foreign aid budget . 
  sure , the year-to-year cost might be 1-4 bn depending , but that 's still a ton of money . 
  and that 's assuming that this wo n't go over budget , which if you look at every new military technology the us or uk has tried to implement in the 21st century , it absolutely will . 
  not particularly . 
  i just think it 's in everyone 's best interests , england 's included . 
  canada , the us , and mexico work together pretty well without needing a political alliance . 
  you do n't need a united eu military . 
  you just need to start thinking strategically , as i 've pointed out elsewhere in this thread . 
  let 's not just hope , let 's work to help make it happen !, 
  i 'm a big fan of certain scottish and welsh parties , tbh . 
  that sounds extremely suspicious to me . 
  there 's no reason why you could n't just drop them back off in libya . 
  especially if libyan authorities only exist to an extent . 
  and they ca n't deny responsibility for people who left from their shores . 
  you literally would just drop them back off in libya under those circumstances and show the libyans the radar data that shows where the folks came from . 
  the libyans are not going to shoot at the italian coast guard for bringing people back to libya . 
  if what you have said here is true , which i honestly doubt ( though i do n't think you 're intentionally saying things you do n't believe , ) then this policy is idiotic and could easily be changed . 
  if they know they 're just going to get towed back to libya , they 'll stop trying to make the crossing . 
  the us `` dry foot '' policy actually encourages cubans to make the trip . 
  other groups do n't try that as often . 
  and no , by rescuing someone drowning at sea , you are not in any way obligated to care for them for the rest of their lives . 
  you simply take them back to the place they departed from . 
  not the nearest safe port . 
  there 's no reason that policy could n't be adopted . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm sorry for not making my point clear at first , but i 'm glad we understand each other now . 
  it would be helpful to me and other americans who oppose our expeditionary imperialism to be able to point to a strong europe when we make arguments either about military action or about basic government services . 
  we do if they 're not cubans . 
  lot of folks come from the bahamas , some from haiti . 
  and actually , we grab most of the ones who try to come from cuba in the water , so ... yeah , the dry foot policy is unfortunate . 
   power projection plays an important role heh , yes it does . 
  remember during the libya thing when the [ french offered to loan you an aircraft carrier ? 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1394185/britain-france-share-aircraft-carrier-combat-defence-cuts-says-admiral.html ) and you guys had to say `` no '' [ because you did n't have any planes that were carrier capable ? 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1305880/uk-borrow-us-jets-fly-new-aircraft-carriers-cutbacks-bite.html ) the tories are gutting your military , just like they 're gutting the rest of your country . 
  i know i 'm in a bit of a glass house over here . 
  i mean , at least your conservatives are only hurting you guys . 
  the last time we elected conservatives to national office over here , they started two pointless wars . 
  but still . 
  the re-election of the conservatives will continue to see the erosion of british military power , and will see your country 's importance on the international stage diminish at an ever more rapid pace . 
  much like dubya lost us the respect of most of the world . 
   military expenditure is a better way of measuring strength . 
  and there , much of your funding is going to nukes . 
  nukes you ca n't use , do n't need , and which ca n't rightly be considered under questions of force projection . 
   europe is supposed to be able to protect itself without being played by us foreign policy . 
  please . 
  do that . 
  it will be good for all of us . 
   and do what with them ? 
  there 's often nowhere to send them to as they do n't have documentation . 
  so they 'll end up being taken to europe . 
  no thanks .
