  you are arguing in favor of massacring and displacing ethnic minorities . 
  i read that in google translate and it is a very russian perspective on a ukrainian event . 
  here 's the english-language version : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor i agree with the scholars who characterize holodmor as a genocide . 
   europeans , by far , sold him the most chemicals . 
  namely , german and french companies . 
  american companies were largely prevented by law exactly . 
  we 're really good at arranging the sale of non-us origin materiel when it suits us . 
  that 's what the whole [ iraqgate controversy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_support_for_iraq_during_the_iran%e2%80%93iraq_war ) was all about . 
   and you post this in a thread re false history . 
  lol . 
  maybe you should brush up on us behavior during the iran-iraq war . 
  we 're the masters of moving and sourcing materiel . 
  we fight wars with logistics before we ever send in soldiers . 
   finally , how did a certified promise of ending a chemical weapons program work out in syria ? 
  obama fucked up . 
  you ca n't say `` red line '' and then do nothing when the line is crossed . 
  i 'm not saying we should have invaded , i 'm saying that we should n't be issuing ultimatums we 're not willing to actually enforce . 
   not that any of this justified an invasion of iraq but it was far more complicated than people give it credit for today . 
  i definitely do n't think the invasion of iraq was a good idea . 
  holodmor was a genocide as surely as our destruction of the buffalo to wipe out the plains nations was . 
   whitey getting hunted in south africa oh please . 
  spare me . 
  obviously there are racial tensions in south africa but nobody is being systematically exterminated . 
  you had a situation in zimbabwe , but the world responded with appropriate sanctions , and it was stuff like property seizures , not mass killings . 
  there was no real profit in bosnia for us , but we went in anyway . 
  your worldview here is incredibly simplistic . 
  and while there are and always have been war profiteers , there are other forces at work . 
  things are not so black and white . 
  they curtailed free movement , seized food by force , and rejected outside aid . 
  until holodmor , the us was largely friendly to the russians because we have a thing for rebels . 
  i 've read official church reports from fact finders on how wonderful the new government was in comparison to the czars . 
  one made to the predecessor of the methodist gbcs . 
  holodmor was as intentional a genocide as our destruction of the buffalo was . 
  it was the planned and intentional controlling of a populace through starvation . 
  how is the percentage lower if they have a smaller population and more people died . 
  sounds like you 're massaging the numbers . 
  i 'd prefer we only fought necessary wars . 
  the bosnian intervention was the last one of those . 
  but several we ought to have fought we failed to . 
  because nobody cares about genocide if none of the dead are white . 
  instead we 've fought stupid wars in iraq and afghanistan . 
  no one is claiming that only ukrainians were intentionally starved . 
  between 3 and 7 million died in ukraine , much higher than in the larger rsfsr . 
  it was mistake of collectivization and tragedy friend , but not intentional despite being very obviously intentional . 
  stalin was georgian and full well understood the danger of independence movements . 
  american history is 500 years for the european parts but several thousand for the native parts . 
  but i take your meaning . 
  in the us 100 years is a long time . 
  in europe , 100 miles is a long way . 
  mistakes are by definition unintentional . 
  you do n't recognize your own strategic value to the russians ? 
  since losing their ports in yugoslavia they 've been looking for another place in the med , similar to what the brits have in cyprus . 
  malta would be ideal . 
  not only are you a potential naval base , but you 're full of tourists , which in russian military thinking makes them excellent meat shields . 
  you 're entirely correct . 
  gwb lied us into a pointless war that led directly to the current chaos . 
  yep . 
  upsetting the balance of power led to the current chaos , too . 
  artificial borders like the ones created in sykes-picot are delicate things . 
  it was n't a mistake , it was intentional . 
  people were prevented from moving , russian soldiers went into homes and siezed people 's food , and outside aid was rejected . 
  america would have sent food , and we tried to send food , because at the time , we saw russia as a fellow revolutionary state in its early days . 
  we hated monarchs , and you guys killed the romanovs . 
  we saw you as a potential ally against the empires of the day . 
  holodmor was no accident . 
  it was designed to wipe out the ukrainian independence movement , and it was wildly successful . 
  nuclear-biological-chemical are all classified as weapons of mass destruction because of the indiscriminate way that they kill . 
  there 's an argument that landmines and cluster munitions both ought to receive a similar designation . 
  russia was and is an expansionist empire . 
  it 's currently trying to regain its lost colonial possessions such as crimea , which let 's be honest , ought to belong to the crimeans themselves , the tatars . 
  but russia ca n't just do what we do with cuba and have a base at guantanamo , they have to take over the whole damned peninsula and start a fucking proxy war . 
  and now they 're fucking with our elections . 
  if russians want me to think their country is n't evil , then they need to tone it down on the fuckery and contain putin . 
  same thing was and is true of george w. bush and trump , by the way . 
  i 'm happy to admit that we all have problems , but the solution is n't to pretend that anyone is the good guy . 
  the solution is to take a hard look at who the bad guys are and keep them out of power . 
  holodmor killed a lot more than 780,000 . 
  stalin was highly specific in his attacks on certain ethnic groups . 
  i think the standard russian response is `` holodmor does n't real . '', 
  i mean , he certainly did at one point . 
  reagan sold him chemical weapons to use against iran . 
  but i think he used them up on the persians and kurds long before georgie ii arrived on scene . 
  there was no evidence he had significant stockpiles or an active wmd program . 
  i was making a joke about us poultry production . 
  more salmonella for us then . 
   so france being taken over in the space of a few weeks was due to france having a larger army ? 
  it was due to waiting , allowing the germans to pull their army out of poland and then re-deploy it to france . 
  it also allowed the panzer ivs to come online which did outclass french tanks . 
   the soviets did well by having lots of shite tanks , soviet tanks were far better than german ones . 
   the germans had less , but better made , tanks german tanks were as much of a danger to themselves as they were to anyone else . 
  they randomly caught fire , because they were extremely poorly made . 
  their armor was n't sloped , either . 
  look at any picture of a german wwii tank and you have all these boxy , square surfaces . 
  tank armor works best when sloped , so as to cause enemy rounds to deflect . 
  the big tiger heavy tanks ? 
  they went down easy . 
  at st vith during the battle of the bulge , one got taken out by an m8 recon car with a 38mm cannon . 
   france and the uk were weaker than the germans at the outset of the war , not only were they stronger than the germans at the outset of the war , but the french/german border was lightly defended due to most of the german military being in poland . 
  a british/french advance could have steamrolled them , and taken half of germany before their soldiers could be redeployed to the western front . 
  chamberlain and the french both miscalculated .
