  it 's the same over here in the us . 
  there will literally be no other viable option but to encourage migration . 
  challenge accepted . 
  as an ignorant foreigner , what could i do to celebrate latvian independence ? 
  this chart is actually * extremely * helpful . 
  sounds like you want to get in * his * endo . 
  mcnamara would know . 
  * fog of war * is one of the most important documentaries in the past 50 years . 
  everyone ought to watch it . 
  fwiw , i do n't think the american or russian reaction here is realistic . 
  in a conflict with russia , we would likely pull back much of our naval assets from tactical weapons range . 
  the vessels we would have in the area would be aegis missile ships , which have anti-tactical nuclear weapons capabilities . 
  think patriot interceptor missiles . 
  those vessels do n't generally operate as part of close in flotillas . 
  rail and land links would be the main way that military units including us marines would be transported to avoid any russian attacks on us vessels . 
  major us naval operations would occur in the pacific , especially around alaska , and in the north atlantic , securing the greenland , iceland , scotland gap . 
  edit : most commonly known as the giuk gap . 
  / edit the us air force , and possibly naval air forces , would be staged from land bases in europe proper . 
  furthermore , the russians tend to be less confrontational directly . 
  there 's nothing in putin 's behavior to suggest that he would order a nuclear strike . 
  he tends to prefer asymmetric and covert warfare . 
  iran would find itself in the possession of advanced air defense systems , as well as long range cruise missile technology . 
  at the point where a ukrainian scenario is playing out in latvia or the rest of the baltics , a more realistic russian response might even include the development of a friendly relationship between russia and hezbollah , which might find itself in possession of man-portable air defense systems , which could be used to target israeli aircraft , both military and civilian . 
  that 's more likely to be putin 's response . 
  not something so aggressive as a direct nuclear strike . 
  he prefers attacks which can not be traced back to russia , because he wants to portray russia as a defenseless victim , that only he can save from the evil west , through his personal strength . 
  actually using nuclear weapons does n't at all fit into the sort of strategies putin prefers . 
  the documentary is terrifying , but not particularly realistic for both of those reasons . 
  edit : words, 
  you could have a congress instead . 
  [ not that it helps . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caning_of_charles_sumner ), 
  that was the main area of contention , actually . 
  like in florida , where i grew up , the ballots in the 2000 election in palm beach county were printed in greek lettering due to a printer 's error , leading to the accidental election of george w. bush . 
  these things happen . 
  it 's sad this did n't translate . 
  it 's some pretty beautiful satire . 
  it also makes me wonder what satirical american media gets reported as fact elsewhere . 
  i 'll also mention that the russians have been doing this sort of air incursion since 1945 . 
  this is a game they 've been playing forever . 
   but it seems like saying we should get in a war once per decade so that we have hardened veterans in our military . 
  absolutely not !, 
  please do n't think that i believe that !, 
  what i 'm saying is that we should n't worry too much about russians playing the same games that they 've always played . 
  we definitely should n't blow it out of proportion and use it as an excuse to take an aggressive stance with russia . 
  we generally yell and scream about this stuff because someone 's violating our airspace ... 
  but just to point out , you ca n't pay for this kind of training exercise . 
  actual incursions by actual russians keep our air defense systems on point and ready to go . 
  i imagine that folks in radar stations in alaska or northern finland would get pretty damned bored if the russians never came calling . 
  not that it 's a good thing . 
  but hey , it keeps us all sharp . 
  and there 's not going to be a war . 
  there 's a hole in my knowledge then . 
  care to enlighten me ? 
  edit : christ almighty , android !, 
  a triple post ? 
  vive le france , so long as its affordable . 
  yep . 
  the charles de gaulle could do with a younger sibling :d, 
  happy independence day !, 
  things seem pretty bleak as i 'm reading the news today , so i 'm really glad somebody out there has a reason to throw a party . 
  i did n't say it was a smart strategy or one that i agreed with , just that it was the strategy we 're using . 
  honestly , i think we should sort of let the middle east look to its own devices . 
  western help has n't been particularly helpful to the folks who are dying in bombing raids . 
  the jordanians and turks have us covered . 
  also the brits with that base on cyprus . 
  also , we have twenty or so of these movable airports that can sail into the gulf or the red sea or the med any time we want to send them . 
  the main reason we support the saudis is because we 're fucking terrified of what is going to happen when that regime falls apart . 
  you see how dysfunctional they are right the hell now ? 
  what happens when the authoritarianism , religious fundamentalism , militant arabian nationalism , and extremely dangerously stratified class structure explode in an orgy of violence when the world 's last absolute monarchy falls apart ? 
  saudi arabia is a fucking time bomb . 
  i do n't see how we could possibly fail to do so . 
  bernie sanders , the most anti-war candidate for the us democratic party voted in favor of the war in afghanistan , and has promised to destroy isis . 
  i have no doubt that even if the leftiest of the lefties becomes president , we will absolutely back a french call for a broad-based intervention against isis . 
  what , are you serious ? 
  i bought a bolt action rifle chambered in .303 british from an antique shop for $ 120 . 
  cash . 
  they did n't even ask for id . 
  the antique shop only had the one rifle and had never sold one before , as a vendor that is not a regular gun dealer they were n't legally required to do any sort of background check . 
  i went to see a friend of mine at my local police department the next day asking if the thing needed to be registered , and he said that no , it did n't . 
  that purchase was totally legal . 
  as was the one where [ fox 31 denver bought an uzi in the parking lot of a babies r us ] ( http://kdvr.com/2013/04/29/we-bought-a-semi-automatic-uzi-in-the-parking-lot-of-babies-r-us/ ) with no background check , no questions asked , for cash . 
  there are some major loopholes in us gun laws if you know where to look . 
  so ... actually yeah , you 're right . 
  that 's not how it works in the us . 
  you do n't even have to show id . 
  i regularly do the inverted dutch 8 . 
  fun times . 
  well . 
  he speaks better english than i speak serbian , so ... 
  i 'd like to see a source on the us retaliation threat , please . 
  as for airbus , [ they illegally shipped hazardous material on a passenger aircraft . 
  ] ( https://www.faa.gov/news/press_releases/news_story.cfm?newsid=20234 ) that 's the only us fine i 'm aware of . 
  there 's the uk fraud probe , but that 's not us . 
  that 's up to the eu . 
  unless you meant the fine we leveled against airbus in the us . 
  the eu just fined apple [ billions of dollars . 
  ] ( http://fortune.com/2016/08/31/apple-eu-tax-fine/ ) with a b. 
  the american response was `` good , you fatass corporation , pay your taxes like everyone else . '', 
  what the eu does with us companies who are operating in the eu is of no concern to the united states so long as it 's legal , and the law is being applied equally to all .
