   what 's with the american spelling on a european forum ? 
  tons of europeans go to university in america every year . 
  even the tiny little college i went to had exchange students from all over the world , most of them from europe , but a few from africa and asia . 
  nigeria and japan specifically . 
  i meant foreign aid , not benefits , sorry . 
  edit : and i also want to point out that i did mention that trident replacement would probably cost 1-4 bn a year . 
  well . 
  yes . 
  but your statement does n't really contradict mine . 
  most of our activities regarding not pissing off the french started in 1913 . 
  those were diplomatic moves . 
  honestly , we should have handed the vietnamese weapons before the first world war , and let them kick the french out . 
  but we did n't because we did n't want to piss off the french . 
  europe 's destabilization during the first world war would have been the perfect time for ho chih minh 's revolution , if he 'd had american military backing . 
  we took a number of diplomatic and political steps with french interests in mind . 
  we should n't have , but we did . 
  i 'm not saying that our army was in vietnam , and the french left us there . 
  i 'm saying we ended making the wrong decisions , and then were left with a mess by the french . 
  as part of our post world war ii agreements , we essentially allowed the french to take vietnam back from the japanese . 
  we helped them do that . 
  during the french war in vietnam , we provided logistics and support to the french . 
  when the french began to withdraw , and it had become a communism thing , the us government felt compelled to intervene . 
  that does n't contradict my statement . 
  do you still disagree with what i 'm saying here ? 
  well ... fuck . 
  ahhh . 
  whelp , since you insist on being a dick here , i 'm not going to waste my time talking further . 
  the greeks know this , and they 're probably going to spend the next year preparing for a grexit . 
  this deal just buys them time to prepare for that . 
   i 'm not that surprised mr `` i live in washington dc and i do policy work . '' . 
  now where in this conversation did i claim that ? 
   but that probably wo n't happen because greece would have to leave nato to allow for russian military bases . 
  yes . 
  they would . 
  which is why the us is so furious with germany right now . 
   an actual war with russia seems pretty unlikely . 
  we 're not talking about a war with russia . 
  we 're talking about terrorists getting ahold of the the weapons that the russians will give to various rebel and militia groups in the balkans . 
  look , the greeks have already been talking with the russians : http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/1e38db54-15d7-11e5-be54-00144feabdc0.html, 
  absolutely . 
  the more exercises that the eu holds the better it will be able to defend its coastline . 
  but it is in the balkans . 
  and the russians do care rather a lot . 
  and they 're more than happy to give people there and in kosovo and serbia some pretty heavy weapons . 
  the only reason they do n't currently , is because they ca n't . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-30209960 we said `` no , thank you . '', 
  oh , as for the borrowing of fighter jets , that was a while ago : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1305880/uk-borrow-us-jets-fly-new-aircraft-carriers-cutbacks-bite.html, 
  i do n't know . 
  i think the first step towards a united eu military would actually be what i talked about , though . 
  everyone invests in their own military and then proves that they can work together . 
  over time , integration happens , slowly . 
  are you aware of the history and current status of the balkans ? 
  [ because there are active hostilities with rebel groups going on there right now . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/10/macedonia-police-alleged-armed-group-balkans-kumanovo ), 
  please . 
  the blitz occurred before 24 hour cable television news . 
  [ before television news , you had three squadrons of american pilots fighting in defense of the uk . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eagle_squadrons ) that being said , i think it 's hilarious that you 're talking about self reliance and nuclear weapons . 
  you remember back during the libya crisis when the french jokingly offered to let you borrow an aircraft carrier , and you had to say no because you did n't have any planes that could fly off of one ? 
  and then you offered to let the us marine corps use your new carriers since you wo n't have any fighters , and then they said no because the marines do n't want your carriers ? 
  and now you 're asking if you can maybe borrow some of our fighters to use on your new aircraft carriers . 
  maybe instead of nukes , you should look to investing in some weapons that you can actually use . 
  we 're not going to be isolationist if english-speaking white people are being killed . 
  the us populace would demand military action in that case . 
   wtf are you going on about ? 
  india and the uk have an extremely close military relationship . 
  the uk helped india build it 's nuclear program , and supports giving india a permanent seat on the un security council . 
  they have a major defense cooperation agreement , and consider each other strategic partners . 
  if the uk itself were being invaded , and soldiers from ruritania or wherever were marching through england , india would almost certainly come to britain 's defense . 
  but that does n't matter , because the uk will never be invaded . 
   look , it might be a pipe dream - but there 's no denying it would be effective , sensible , and in every way advantageous i agree !, 
   if it could be enacted . 
  i do n't think it can right now . 
  greece borders the balkans . 
  current actions are going to force greece to ask the russians for aid . 
  if a grexit occurs , the greeks will be getting help for recapitalizing the drachma from russia and the brics bank . 
  the price for that will be a russian military base , likely on the ionian sea . 
  the russians could use that base to provide militia groups in the balkans with the same heavy weaponry they 've given to ukrainian rebels . 
  if those weapons are taken to croatia or serbia , they could be easily brought into the schengen zone . 
  this would allow a highway for military weapons like explosives and missile launchers that leads right into the heart of the eu . 
  the russians have already proven that they do n't care what happens when they give militias and rebels heavy weaponry . 
  if terrorists get their hands on those weapons , they 're going to kill a lot of people . 
  the russians with their pan-slavic ideals care a lot about the people they call the `` south slavs '' in former yugoslavia . 
  they 're still upset about the nato intervention into the bosnian crisis . 
  the only reason they ca n't do this already is because russian ships in the adriatic would draw a hell of a lot of suspicion . 
  if the russians have a base there , then it 's not difficult for them to `` lose '' some heavy weapons which could be `` found '' by militia or rebel groups . 
  it 's easy to ignore the ukraine crisis when those weapons stay in eastern ukraine . 
  but if they start spilling into the schengen zone ... 
  the economic stability of greece is a european security issue . 
  ignore it at your own peril . 
  because they 're protected by the us nuclear umbrella . 
  in addition , any invasion of the uk would be met with a massive military response from a number of countries , likely including india , but absolutely including the rest of europe , and the us . 
  no one is going to invade the uk . 
  nuclear weapons are irrelevant to that question . 
   there are plenty of things going on in your own country to sort out . 
  certainly there are . 
   but why are you bothered ? 
  about any of it ? 
  i 'm just wondering why an american would be so concerned about the constitutional status of the uk . 
  why would n't i be ?
