  it was being used as a memorial for the bataclan terrorist attack . 
  a lot of those names are n't the names of some graffitti artist , they 're names of victims of the attack . 
  this was allowed to stay during a period of mourning . 
  it has since been cleaned . 
  ... why do you have a gif of one of the most ruthless dictators of all time laughing ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  the core of the question here is what ireland can afford , and that is greatly constrained by the use of the euro . 
  no , i do n't think you do . 
  do you think it 's acceptable for the individual savings accounts of people to be raided by the ecb ? 
   so leave the euro for a new basket case currency . 
  no , for a stable , fiat currency you 'd be able to use for your own purposes . 
   then just print money not how it works  and give it to american arms manufacturers did i not say in my opening post that public services are more important ? 
  are you not fighting over water charges ? 
  the military question is secondary , here . 
   for no good reason k.  also europe is mean or something no , the ecb is making the decisions they 're forced to make because of a lack of reform of the ez , which will allow for economies like greece 's ( import/tourism based ) to function within the same currency zone as germany 's ( export-based ) . 
  in the long term , this is just as bad for germany as it is for greece , but in the short term it 's a hell of a lot worse for greece . 
  are you comfortable with the raiding of people 's individual savings accounts and the lack of access to basic bankruptcy protections ? 
   why do americans like the old punt ( ir # ) so much ? 
  i 'll grant that a lot of americans seem to have some sort of irrational hatred for anything with euro - attached to it . 
  i do n't . 
  the basic objection is that the eu often talks about being `` the united states of europe . '', 
  with our member states , there 's bankruptcy protections , significant federal funding , and a political union . 
  for the eurozone to work out without creating disasters like the one in greece , you need at least two of those things . 
  and that 's true of parts of the us as well . 
  puerto rico does n't have political union and bankruptcy protection , so they 're screwed right now . 
  especially since the current congress wo n't ratchet up the funding . 
   how many would you like us to buy ( from you ) . 
  how much will that cost ? 
  well , with a sovereign currency , nothing technically speaking . 
  keystrokes on a keyboard . 
  but now that you 're on the euro , it does get more complicated . 
   can we defeat the russians with 4 jets ? 
  are we going to get in a shooting war with them ? 
  no , and i certainly hope not . 
  but there are plenty of other circumstances where jets are helpful , including sar . 
   where are we going to cut that money from ? 
  schools , healthcare ? 
  that 's only a concern if you do n't have your own sovereign fiat currency . 
  at this point , you 're trying to balance whether you can have both of those things , and are fighting over water charges to pay for it , which is a direct result of the currency union . 
   look we ca n't fight an air war . 
  not necessarily true , but there are plenty of countries with fighter aircraft who have n't ever been in a shooting air war . 
   the nazi 's looked at invading a couple of times to attack britain and decided it was n't worth it because violating irish neutrality would have quite probably brought the us into the war , what with the relationship that our countries have . 
  irish neutrality and hostility to the british empire over both ireland and the alabama claims are a significant part of why america was so isolationist before wwii . 
   if europe wants a contribution we if europe wants a contribution , they ought to be treating nations like ireland and greece a hell of a lot better . 
  the only reason why ireland ca n't contribute at the level others wish of them is because those very same others are instituting austerity-based currency rules that do not in fact make any sense in a modern economy with a fiat currency . 
   new border agency . 
  [ going by what i 've read , i 'll grant that irish folks will be a bit craftier than your average border police . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/news/australians-fear-irish-using-names-as-gaeilge-in-visa-fraud-31137075.html ), 
  then let 's be realistic . 
  economic imperialism which ireland is participating in is one of the reasons for economic refugees . 
  those companies are in africa , too . 
  yet there are a large number of african refugees who are entering europe because the way their communities are being stripped of natural resources is preventing them from developing their economies . 
  your country is certainly engaging in this , and you are personally profiting from the increased tax revenue . 
  you are not innocent . 
  you ca n't blame a us invasion of a country on a different continent for the refugees from africa . 
  you still profit , so spare me the sanctimonious nonsense . 
  a ) obama opposed the military adventure . 
  b ) petrel , petroceltic , and a [ whole host of other irish companies ] ( http://www.iraq-businessnews.com/tag/ireland/ ) have been making money hand over fist in iraq ever since the iraqi oil industry was privatized . 
  you do n't get to collectively profit from the military adventure , enjoy an expanded tax base , and then pretend to be completely innocent , all while placing the collective blame on us . 
  c ) if you do n't want us to tell you how to clean up the mess , maybe europe can show some actual fucking leadership for once , because we 're genuinely tired of feeling obligated to step in every time the people you elect end up with a problem on europe 's borders that the largest collection of economies on earth ca n't somehow figure out a way to deal with . 
  d ) the region was greatly destabilized by the suez crisis and a whole myriad of other issues caused by european wars and colonialism over the past 300 years . 
  so spare me the hypocritical grandstanding . 
  you profit from this . 
  your government collects tax dollars from iraq , your companies are stripping the region of its resources just like ours are , and so ireland is just as guilty as everyone else of engaging in imperialism . 
  as we are , too . 
  you 'd just prefer to profit quietly , and let our soldiers do all of the dying on behalf of your corporations . 
  that 's not a call for war , either . 
  i do n't think we should engage in warfare except as a last resort , nor do i think that we should be stripping these nations of their resources . 
  i think the profits ought to lie in iraqi hands rather than american , irish , or anyone else 's . 
  but we ca n't build that kind of world when folk like you would rather bang on about purity politics than try and solve problems . 
  which is precisely why obama has been so salty with the europeans over their treatment of greece , and precisely why our military folks are shaking their heads at europe . 
  the one country other than the us actually doing their best to support the rest of nato and the eu , whose navy is working extremely hard to prevent refugees from washing up on beaches , is being punished by europe in a way that 's completely unnecessary . 
  for now , that 's probably the best option . 
  hopefully in the long run the ez/ecb will come to its senses and allow member states to have the same purchasing power as countries with sovereign currencies , but that 's going to be a tough sell . 
  there 's no reason why ireland could n't have its own modest air force which would include some kind of interceptor . 
  the us would jump at the chance to sell those to ireland . 
  hell , considering how many irish folk are in congress , we might donate the things . 
  they already have a modest navy , though it could be larger . 
  the main issue here is budgetary . 
  they 're on the euro , so you ca n't have deficit spending like the us and uk can . 
  and because of that restriction , it makes more sense to invest in public services than it does to invest in military expansion . 
  the ez really does need some reforms that would allow eurozone countries to take advantage of the power a fiat currency affords them . 
  and we 're one election away from giving the nuclear codes to a moron who asked a general three times why we could n't use nukes to settle diplomatic disputes . 
  not really the time for us to be waving our star spangled dicks about and talking about how everywhere else is a destabilizing shithole , is it now ? 
  let 's please fix our own bullshit before making fucking stupid statements about muslim countries . 
  oh for fucks sake , they 're just fucking wetsuits people have decided to get political about . 
  saint margaret of antioch ? 
  one of those , yes . 
  none of it is irish in point of fact . 
  hence the joke ? 
  the myths i heard said west of ireland , not western ireland . 
  hence , the united states as a possible candidate . 
  because t\u00edr na n\u00d3g is the land of youth , far to the west of ireland . 
   now florida is a safe place to visit . 
  so long as you 're white . 
  source : i grew up in florida , my family has lived there since the spanish settled in st augustine . 
  unless you 'll look like the bark of a gumbo limbo tree after spending a week in the sun , either stay within the confines of a disney resort ( without ever saying the phrase `` song of the south '' ) or just pick another vacation destination . 
  like , not even miami beach is safe . 
  they shot a black therapist who was lying on the ground with his hands in the air , who was trying to retrieve an autistic patient . 
  so uh .
