  we might try to work out trade deals , but if one of our companies breaks the law like apple did , or one of your companies breaks the law like airbus did , then it 's totally appropriate for our governments to levy fines . 
  in point of fact , it 's because we 're a sovereign nation that can write our own laws , tax codes , and trade agreements . 
  as is the united kingdom , france , germany and the rest . 
  access means tariff free access . 
  that 's what people have been talking about this entire time , you 'd do best to consider your own advice , but since you wo n't allow yourself to be educated , i see no reason to continue this or any other discussion with you . 
  it 's clear that you do n't understand the concept yourself . 
  to make it clear what is meant by access . 
  which is what norway has , despite not being an eu member . 
  they have access ( which means tariff-free ) because they agree to the four freedoms . 
  this is hilarious . 
  you 've been defining access wrong . 
  access according to that quotation means , specifically , tariff-free access . 
  if it is n't tariff free , it is n't access to the common market by the definition you just linked . 
  ergo , i 've been using the phrase correctly this entire time , and you 're being self destructively pedantic . 
   dictionary definition bull . 
  you 're engaging in the linguistic equivalent of `` work to rule '' industrial actions . 
  giving specific phrases a technical meaning that no rational person would give them in order to engage in pretensions to superiority . 
   really ? 
  i was talking about worldwide tariffs 1973 vs 2016 . 
  what an odd distinction . 
  i was talking about the difference between tariffs before gatt in 1948 and today . 
  in addition to the common tariff are all sorts of other regulations and trade barriers that become a massive headache for anyone outwith the eu . 
  a tax is a payment to the government by an individual or firm . 
  a subsidy is a payment to an individual or firm by the government . 
  total tax bill . 
  there are some companies in the united states which pay negative taxes because of subsidies , because the economic good they do for the country is more important than the tax profits made by the government . 
  general electric is a good example . 
   tax reduction is effectively a subsidy no . 
  tax reduction is tax reduction . 
  subsidies are subsidies . 
  i see this as semantic games . 
  eu tariffs are only low if one compares them to the tariffs of 19th century mercantilism or economic nationalism . 
  by modern standards , the current tariffs make exporting to the eu prohibitively expensive for many companies , which open up eu based subsidiaries because that is less expensive than paying the tariffs . 
  [ except that ellesmere port has been on the chopping block since 2012 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-26342093 ) . 
  furthermore , [ ft ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/27d7b066-447c-11e6-b22f-79eb4891c97d ) says that british car manufacturing in general is in danger , autocar reports that [ gm is likely to move opel production to poland ] ( http://www.autocar.co.uk/car-news/industry/vauxhall%e2%80%99s-future-britain-questioned-following-brexit ) , and [ motoring concurs ] ( http://www.motoring.com.au/gm-considering-pulling-the-plug-on-uk-production-103179/ ) . 
  unless something drastic is done to guarantee the future of british car manufacturing , opel production is moving to poland , and ellesmere port will almost definitely close . 
  gm themselves have refused to rule out closure every time they 've been asked . 
  from the article i linked :  general motors today refused to rule out potential closure , stating that vauxhall was part of a `` fully integrated european company '' which benefited from the eu . 
  yes , it 's speculation that they will move , but it 's a good bet considering the facts . 
  the us currently has no access to the * common * market , thus trading with the eu as an outsider , as part of the international market . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  that the uk would not be a part of the common market , but instead would trade with eu members in the same way the us does , from the outside . 
  at great expense . 
   fta with the eu there are free trade agreements with the eu , but they involve very significant tariffs and taxes . 
  the us has a pretty sweet deal compared to the rest of the world , but importing to the eu is still so prohibitively expensive that our companies set up subsidiaries in the uk . 
  gm bought vauxhall . 
  in order to keep their orders up , they built a number of opel vehicles at those vauxhall plants . 
  those vehicles were exported to europe . 
  now here 's the problem , the whole reason that gm bought vauxhall was to get tariff-free access to the european market . 
  if tariff free access is lost , they 'll be moving their opel production out of the uk , to plants in germany and possibly poland . 
  it will be prohibitive to continue manufacturing opel at the uk plants . 
  that puts vauxhall 's bottom line in trouble . 
  the result is that gmuk is currently [ planning to close their ellesmere port plant . 
  ] ( http://www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/news/liverpool-news/eu-referendum-vauxhalls-ellesmere-port-11482531 ), 
  wait , do you actually think `` no access '' means a soviet-style iron curtain ? 
   do you see the difference i clearly meant tarriff free access , and that should have been obvious from my first statement . 
  is that what this contention is about ? 
  semantic games ? 
   there is just a few technical issues it 's not that simple . 
  read the article i linked . 
  i 'm talking about what i 've read in ft regarding brexit . 
  specifically : 1 . 
  t [ hat the uk will not have tariff-free access to the common market without acceptance of the free movement of people . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/dea04ec2-8881-11e6-8aa5-f79f5696c731 ) 2 . 
  [ that the uk will have great difficulty in acquiring wto membership and status . 
  ] ( http://www.ictsd.org/opinion/nothing-simple-about-uk-regaining-wto-status-post-brexit ), 
   i would n't be able to buy anything from china or america if that was true . 
  the reason those goods from china and america are available at an affordable price is because china and america have set up subsidiaries within the eu to market those products , and they pay less expensive corporate taxes instead of the high , high tariffs they 'd otherwise pay . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  in order to have access to the common market , you must agree to the four freedoms : 1 . 
  the free movement of goods . 
  the free movement of services and freedom of establishment . 
  the free movement of persons ( and citizenship ) , including free movement of workers . 
  the free movement of capital . 
  no one has access to the common market without agreeing to those four freedoms . 
  the free movement of persons and common eu citizenship is foundational to the common market . 
  without agreeing to that , the uk can not be allowed to participate . 
  so unless may caves on `` brexit means brexit , '' the uk will lose both membership of and access to the common market . 
  and tax cuts wo n't do anything to staunch the bleeding at that point . 
  this wo n't do anything for american ( and other foreign ) subsidiaries , and the eu knows it . 
  if access to the common market is cut off , may could slash prices to zero and it would n't do anything . 
  the whole reason to have uk-based subsidiaries is to gain access to the european common market . 
  without that , and without the financial passport , a tax cut would n't be enough . 
  the uk would have to slash corporate taxes to zero and then start subsidizing the companies they wanted to keep . 
  you 'd have to pay them to stick around , and pay them enough to cover the eu tariffs they 'd pay . 
  i 'm aware , i was just worried that something had happened that i did n't hear about . 
  i was especially concerned that the yellow light in the thumbnail might be fire . 
  i was pleasantly surprised . 
  i was expecting more protest news , but this is just beautiful . 
   `` i have been to the worst parts of america , the worst american is better than a new zealander . '', 
  fuck off man , we 're the best at everything we do , including being the worst . 
  not really . 
  most of the names on the memorial are the names of victims of the attack . 
  there are also political statements as well . 
  it was allowed to stand for a period of mourning , and the monument has since been cleaned . 
  it was being used as a memorial for victims of the bataclan terrorist attack . 
  it 's been cleaned , now . 
  because those are the names of victims of the bataclan terrorist attack . 
  it was being used as a memorial during a period of mourning . 
  it 's been cleaned since .
