  we got rid of those criminals . 
  but the police are now a problem . 
  yay florida !, 
  wait , there 's more ireland * outside * of dublin ? 
  welfare spending is higher because of 50 years of failed and moronic policies . 
  when you wreck a nation 's economy for ideological reasons , shit tends to hit the fan . 
  and if you do n't fix the economy for ideological reasons , nothing gets better . 
  in 1920 , 80 % of the ships , worldwide , were built on the river clyde . 
  there 's only one shipyard left , and that 's thanks to the scottish government and the snp . 
  who currently lack the political and legal resources to take the next steps which need to be taken . 
  scotland has higher welfare spending yeah , but it 's also the most productive region outside of london , even if you do n't count the oil , and it could be even more productive if people were allowed to move there and work and build businesses , which they want to do . 
  myself very much included . 
  you can tut all you want , but only if you ignore the history of heavy industry , what happened to ravenscraig , the failure to invest in any economic future for the communities affected , and the social cleansing policies of the tory government which are very badly hurting scotland . 
  and when the eu has actually stepped in to try and help , the uk government seizes the funds . 
   have n't seen any new-market economies develop in at least the last forty years . 
  so grand theft auto and rockstar north do n't exist ? 
  the wind sector does n't exist ? 
  the silicon glen is imaginary ? 
  i 'm done . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about , and it 's not my job to educate you . 
  no , i 'm talking about a common travel area . 
  they want to be part of one , that allows for both immigration , emigration and trade . 
  all of which is in the interest of their citizens , in point of fact . 
  the truth is that the eu has benefited scotland far more than the uk . 
  the london government has actually been actively destructive to scottish interests . 
  they want their citizens to be able to have access to european study and travel . 
  they want their citizens to be able to work or live anywhere in europe , they want their businesses to be able to open a branch in another country without needing any extra paperwork , or facing the threat of new legal restrictions shutting them down . 
  the eu offers scotland rather a lot both economically , and socially . 
  that 's valuable to scotland . 
   i 'm wondering what the scots have to gain by exiting the uk at all ? 
  immigrants . 
  scotland needs them , and wants them . 
  england does n't . 
  it 's about trade , yes , but it 's also about being part of a common travel area that allows scots to work , live , and study in europe , and allows europeans to do the same . 
  scotland wants immigration . 
  the only thing westminster can do about it is prevent the relationship from coming into force ... which wo n't happen until after a referendum . 
  so your chicken and egg problem is unrealistic . 
  i can not see a circumstance where the scots wo n't get their assurance , and with that assurance they 'll likely vote for independence . 
   ( likely they wont ) german and french officials have said otherwise , saying that it is vitally important that a pathway to eu membership be made available to scotland if they want it . 
  not only will they get those assurances , but they 've already been given them by two of the largest countries in the eu , and considering their friendship with poland and the nordics , i 'm confident that europe will want to let scotland stay . 
   pardon the colloquialism , but scotland needs a `` sugar daddy '' scotland needs access to the eu market , so that it 's rather strong industries can flourish . 
  even without oil , scotland is the most productive part of the uk outside of london . 
  they do n't need a sugar daddy , they need to be able to trade with europe . 
  it 's not really daring at this point . 
  it 's their only hope to save their economy from total disaster . 
  am american , can confirm . 
  anyone from india or anywhere else on this map want to chime in ? 
  yeah , we would struggle against you . 
  christine o'donnell is one of my favorites . 
  here 's an actual political ad she put out . 
  it 's soccer when - oh . 
  i was going to make fun of the english person because the american team did better than they did , and topped our copa america bracket , but that somehow does n't work when i 'm talking to someone who is n't from the country that invented both the game and the english language . 
  was going for / r/murica , but i 'm really not sure where to go from here . 
  so uh ... 
  happy russia day . 
   mr klinsmann should call the german trainer for some advice how do you think we ended up placing first in our group ? 
  thanks !, 
  next game is going to be tough . 
  peru or brazil . 
  both are pretty solid teams . 
  we 're having a good year so far , i 'm hopeful . 
  i remember a time when brits could take a joke now and again . 
  sad . 
  well if the english are n't animals anymore then why are your community leaders defending and endorsing the violence ? 
  if you want us to believe that english people are n't inherently violent and dangerous , then you need to prove to the rest of the world that you 're not . 
  honestly , i 'm starting to think that the best solution is to ban english people until we can figure out what the hell is going on . 
  and i love english people , they 're great people . 
  but they 're clearly bringing violence to other countries , and until we can figure out who these people are , we need a temporary ban . 
  i mean , i think that *** moderate *** english people and their leaders really ought to speak out against this kind of violence , to let the world know that you 're not all hooligans . 
  you do have a history of imperialist violence . 
  but all the moderate english folks are just making excuses for the hooligans . 
  did you guys lose a soccer game ? 
  `` fool me once , shame on me , fool me twice ... uh ... you ca n't get fooled again . '', 
  - george w bush, 
  ohhhhh there 's nae pubs on the isle of skye and i 'm sure you 'll wonder why my brother and me , we went on a spree , and drank the pubs all dry , all dry drank the pubs all dry ... 
  look , as an american , i do n't actually give a damn about the national fantasies you want to tell yourself . 
  we care about things like the balance of payments . 
  we have been warning you folks to get your house in order for years , and we have been ignored . 
  good luck dealing with the fallout . 
  and [ enjoy the 80 cent pound ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2017-03-28/jim-rogers-asks-if-scotland-pushes-pound-to-0-80-video ) . 
  thankfully that burn is covered under obamacare . 
  oh , that is so fucking low . 
  put scotland back . 
  it 's this old manky shit from the 19th century . 
  now if you want a wild ride and want to go real oldschool , there 's this stuff called radical republicanism ... but i really do n't think you brits got the constitution for it . 
  yeah ... can i recommend a different drug called liberal democracy ? 
  it 's a much chiller high , man . 
  takes the edge right off . 
  is it just me , or is the name of this hotel `` hate moglu ? '', 
  as a brexit smoker , what 's your opinion of brown people , and the uk 's economic viability without scottish oil, 
  * offers / u/digital-hermit a plate of carb-free streaky bacon *, 
  and now for the singing of an incredibly boring hymn . 
  `` and did those feeeeet , in ancient tiiiiiiiime , walk upon eeeeengland 's mooooountaiiiins greeeeeeen - '', 
  did you not see the `` ha ! '', 
  at the very end ? 
  i 'm not sure i get the joke . 
  would you explain it to me ? 
  the opposite is true for me , actually . 
  i 've done the pepsi challenge dozens of times , and i 'm a coke guy . 
  well i was .
