  i do n't drink sugary stuff anymore . 
   if were calling scotland anglian ( of england , poisbly the anglii ) we 're not calling scotland anglian . 
  we 're saying that some angles spurned the southern saxons , and cleaved to the gaels and picts . 
  they chose the celts over the saxons . 
   then clearly it should be vassal to england strictly speaking , because of the union of the crowns , england ought to be a vassal to scotland . 
  elizabeth has her throne due to her scottish ancestry . 
   but that does n't make him irish well , gaelic if we 're being technical , which we ought to be . 
  but if you 're thinking of the conception of that nascent gaelic/pictish/anglian kingdom that was pictland , and became scotland , with its own overking , its own identity , and continuity til the present day , then you must look at those angles that cleaved to the scots and picts in the north rather than to the saxons . 
  if the ancient anglii , some of whom are the ancestors of modern scots , were capable of saying they 'd rather be present in a picto-gaelic north than a saxon south , then certainly the north ought to be offered that same option today . 
  a keynesian north with universal austerity and an outward looking society , or southern tory austerity . 
  so you were . 
  i have been misinformed then . 
  i will bow to your knowledge of the topic . 
  i 'm just pointing out that questioning scotland 's territorial integrity is just as ludicrous as questioning england 's . 
  i 'm not honestly sure . 
   it was an english kingdom first after all . 
  not really . 
  northumbria existed in a scottish context until the dawn of the viking age . 
  lindisfarne was originally set up by columban monks from iona . 
  they had a closer relationship with the nearby gaelic kingdoms than they did with the southern english ones . 
  probably the best example of that is the northumbrian king oswiu who actually took northumbria in a roman direction , thus bringing it in line religiously with the other anglian kingdoms , because oswiu wanted to conquer them . 
  he nearly succeeded at that . 
  oswiu and his brothers were actually raised in the gaelic kingdom of dal riata , after the deirans murdered their father . 
  he was the one who ordered the synod of whitby be held , which took northumbria out of that anglo-celtic context , and towards the religious traditions of rome . 
  but he maintained friendships with the gaels of dal riata while warring against ( and conquering ) the english kingdoms of deria and mercia . 
  his capitol was at bamburgh , then called bebbanburgh . 
  it 's a scant 10 miles south of the current border with scotland . 
  northumbria maintained that status as part of both the english and scottish worlds until it was conquered by the vikings . 
  the history here is n't so simple . 
  it is potentially valid to argue that all of old northumbria ought to have the right to join scotland in any breakaway , if we 're using the history of the first millennium ce as a starting point . 
  not that i have a dog in this particular fight . 
  i just find that era fascinating . 
  and as for questions of modern culture , newcastle seems to speak scots , does n't it ? 
  the dialect there is nearly interchangeable , in a way that it is n't elsewhere in the uk . 
  it could be seriously argued that the natural border between scotland and england is at the tees rather than the tweed . 
  or possibly ( if you want to take this concept to an extreme ) the humber . 
  but if that question is asked , it should n't be up to people in scotland or the south to decide . 
  it should be up to the people who live there in the border between the two . 
  let the north decide if it wants to be northern england or southern scotland , i 'd say . 
  not that it will ever happen . 
  i 'm just saying that sword cuts both ways . 
  you ca n't question the territorial integrity of scotland without also questioning the territorial integrity of england . 
  only if he has a fucking time machine . 
  i 'd forgotten all about asterix and obelix !, 
  i have n't thought of these guys in years !, 
  sorry about the mess over here . 
  some of us remember our promises to our friends . 
  check out the flag of florida . 
  it 's based on the burgundy cross . 
  shots fired . 
  michael 's tasting room . 
  that 's the best place for tapas in st augustine , imao . 
  i would also suggest checking out columbia restaraunt . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  dude does n't understand old florida has a caribbean identity and ties to the rest of what was once new spain . 
  also , old florida is kind of dead . 
  when my dad was born , florida had a population of 2.5 million . 
  then , air conditioning was invented , and the population grew to 20 million , today . 
  old florida families represent like , 10 % of the population . 
  and then we get to hear about all these `` foreigners '' moving in and damaging `` our culture . '', 
  ... when if they 're spanish speakers , they 're closer culturally to us than the carpetbaggers from new york are ... 
  yep !, 
  and most of us old florida families have spanish ancestors as a result . 
  they did n't actually go anywhere , but they did butcher our names all to hell . 
  there 's a family we 're related to with a name that was either de la barre or de lobar , or something like that . 
  their name got changed to `` dillaberry . '', 
  it 's a college town in florida . 
  throw a rock and you 'll hit one . 
   and they tend to stay in europe , because it 's far more convenient than migrating all the way to north america . 
  except that one of the largest romani populations in the world is in the united states . 
  traveling the country in a mobile home while working odd jobs and selling trinkets is a pretty standard american activity . 
  and we 're crazier and more dangerous than they are , so they fit right the hell in . 
  no seriously . 
  in europe they 're `` gypsies '' and `` travelers . '', 
  and there are all these rumors about them . 
  like that super ironic shitstorm that happened a few years ago when governments tried to steal their children , because romani genetics are a crapshoot and sometimes produce blonde-haired and blue-eyed children . 
  we may be gun toting lunatics , but we do n't accuse the romani of stealing our children . 
  and if they roll into a town in some motor homes and start a fight at a local bar , we 're already crazy enough over here that we never actually notice they 're not just like the rest of us . 
  so yeah . 
  part of the reason we think that eastern europeans are swarthy is that one of the largest eastern european groups that emigrates to the us is romani . 
  i wish i 'd seen this one !, 
  it would have been included in the original post . 
  st augustine florida is the oldest european settlement in the united states . 
  the oldest is santo domingo in the dominican republic , founded 1496 , and the oldest continously occupied settlement of all of them is ( probably ) [ cholula ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cholula,_puebla ) , in puebla mexico . 
  founded around 500 bc , making it one of the oldest continuously occupied places anywhere . 
  image one is flagler college . 
  image two is a statute near the town 's basillica image three is castillo de san marcos , ( which english-only folks routinely call fort castillo ... or fort fort . ), 
  image four is the lightner museum , which along with flagler college is represent the [ spanish revival ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:spanish_revival_architecture_in_the_united_states ) architectural style . 
  the last image is the old jail . 
  for putting up with the tldr , here 's a bonus image of flagler college , which is a really beautiful facility : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4f/flagler_college_2005-sept_fl_104.jpeg here 's an video of it surviving flooding during last year 's hurricane matthew : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wvy95dyb0w, 
   too impractically silly to be used effectively in warfare . 
  oh that 's good . 
  that 's very good . 
   for some reason okay , so , there are white people in every country . 
  including mexico . 
  they just do n't tend to be immigrants because things tend to be better for them . 
  the eastern europeans who come to the us are , in general , not the eastern europeans who are happy with the way things are going . 
  and a lot of them tend to be swarthy , because each country has it 's own version of race stuff going on . 
  it 's why we have a lot of folks from zimbabwe who are really light skinned , too . 
  it 's the same reason why people have no idea that there are white mexicans and cubans .
