  but ... everybody knows , in brazil they speak spanish . 
  shut up spaniard ;, 
  fish , fish and fish , and probably some more fish . 
  it 's the new way of saying `` portugal is n't a small country '' , the new way of saying `` we rule the ocean ! '', 
  why would people from alentejo control madeira ? 
  meh ... those islamists are nothing like before . 
  why stop in spain ? 
  portugal is an independent country , this is n't the viii century !, 
  well , galicia is like the brother of portugal , of course you drink a lot of wine , the problem is with the rest of spain ... 
  only 3 . 
  - portugal ( live there , d'oh ! ), 
  - spain ( a couple of times ) - u.k. ( ok ... it was gibraltar , but still uk ), 
  thanks / u/unclepedo for posting it . 
  i have been on vacations and only arrived home today . 
  and of course my apologies for all the readers , i only decided to go on vacations pretty much in the last minute and so i had n't time to organize the country week posts, 
  aliens do n't count . 
  i have game-shop card/id that i got in spain and my name in there is `` enrique '' xd, 
  the h in the begin of words is n't read . 
  so there are some cases where words in spanish start with an h but not in portuguese and vice-versa . 
  for example `` ol\u00e1 '' was once written as `` hol\u00e1 '' , but since the h was mute , with time , people stopped writting it . 
  in other hand , my name is henrique but in spain the name is enrique without the h. 
  and still , we sent sardine canes and other foods resources for a at-the-time poor country of northern europe , finland . 
  when most people lived in poverty , from agriculture or fishery , they still managed to sent tonnes of food and cloths to finland . 
  even nowadays , despite the poverty in portugal have been raising in the last years the products ( food , cloth , toys , etc. . . ) given to solidarity organizations have been also raising . 
  it seems like that the less we have the more we give to the others , the human being is truly amazing . 
  just to remember that portugal fought in wwi , not only in europe but also in africa . 
  portugal did n't participated in wwii but like it was said before , we had our own vietnam war , the `` guerra do ultramar '' ( overseas war ) aka portuguese colonial war , between 1961 and 1974 , where portugal fought in angola , mozambique and guinea-bissau against the liberation troops . 
  during the colonial war , portugal was being supported by south africa , rhodesia and malawi . 
  in other hand the `` know-former-portuguese-colonies '' are being supported by burma ( myanmar ) , bulgaria , yugoslavia , libya , congo-brazzaville ( pr congo ) , guinea , tunisia , senegal , zambia , tanzania , algeria , zaire , cuba , usa , china and soviet union . 
  for example in angola there was 3 main revolutionary parties : unita , fnla and mpla . 
  unita was supported by usa , fnla was supported by china and mpla was supported by ussr . 
  in those cases the support was mainly in weaponry and resources , but countries like cuba sent troops to africa to fight against portugal . 
  so despite not participating in wwii we still had a massive wars some years later , and of course , during the wwii the majority of europe was in war which means besides wolfram , the portuguese exports are quite low . 
  romanian being a latin language we may understand some words and even sometimes a full sentence , but of course from all languages descendants from latin it 's the most difficult for us . 
  however it 's fun to notice that in the way of speaking , the way we sound , the way we pronounce , portuguese and romanian seem like the same language , it 's truly amazing , if you do n't pay attention to the words it 's easy to confuse romanian with portuguese and vice-versa , specially if you 're a foreigner . 
  spices have been our drug since 1498 !, 
  did n't mentioned them , since the question was about portuguese women , but yes they 're for sure 2 great ( portuguese ) architects . 
  paula rego is a portuguese painter , the highest price for a painting of her was 1,6 m $ , she also sold 3 for around 0,2m-0 ,3 m $ and 2 for around 0,7m-0 ,8 m $ , plus others at lower prices . 
  joana vasconcelos , is a portuguese artist who made expositions in lisbon , barcelona , istanbul , vienna , budapest , manchester , paris , etc. . including an art exhibition in the palace of versailles . 
  daniela ruah , is a portuguese-american actress who started her career in portugal and his now known for her role as `` kensi blye '' in ncis : los angeles . 
  sara sampaio , is a portuguese model , she made works for sports illustrated swimsuit issue ( where she received the prize `` rock of the year - 2014 ) calzedonia and also for victoria 's secret , she 's since 2015 in the restrict group of victoria 's secret angels . 
  ps : eva carneiro is n't portuguese , she 's from gibraltar descendant of a spanish father and an english mother . 
  done , thank you . 
  yeah ... we suck at ice soccer : /, 
  exactly , it was sure terrible for him, 
  i know , i 'm portuguese ... poor cam\u00f5es who lost is eye in a battle : /, 
  conta mais . 
  sorry , i had all the countries written in a paper but then forgot to put norway here . 
  anyway , thanks for the codfish , 
  there was once a painter but then something terrible happened ... 
  you silly fellow iberian , everybody knows that past the french pyrenees starts africa , how could we be western europe ? 
  we 're north north africa !, 
  i based myself in the / r/europe map . 
  no political affairs are counted in this choice at all  btw , thanks for warning me about norway , i forgot them ( i swear i love their cod fish ! ), 
  about the grouping of countries , besides the already mentioned austria and switzerland , i do n't see how much inconsistent can they be . 
  maybe benelux could be made as separate countries with only luxembourg together with either belgium or netherlands . 
  i really do n't remember who organized it :p ukraine and ? 
  poland ? 
  belgium , netherlands and luxembourg are the benelux . 
  austria and switzerland organized euro 2008 , i 'm sure they have good co operation ( but probably i 'm going to make them in separate weeks ), 
  yes , it 's . 
  but for now this is just a experience and i do n't want the moda to be worried about it , however i 'm going to talk with them to see what they say . 
  off course i would be very happy/satisfied if they put it as sticky posts . 
  i 'm going to assume full responsibilities ( even if it goes wrong , of course ) , every week i 'm going to contact the `` country subreddits '' mods and alert about the country week thread of country x in the subreddit of the country x ( and probably some related subs with country x ), 
  i thought of it too , but imagine that i put together malta , andorra and san marino , we would have 3 quiet different countries and few people to answer the different questions . 
  i 'm other hand if you put uk , malta and gibraltar there are some similarities between them due to the british influence , so maybe if you for example about gibraltar there maybe some british that may answer it , either because they have family living there or have visited it but like i said , i do understand your point . 
  i thought he was a [ british hero ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pickles_ ( dog \\ ) ), 
  you do n't like pickles ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  but imagine that you really like olives and really hate tomato . 
  they put only two tiny tomatoes in the pizza , so it 's ok , you wo n't notice it . 
  but in other hand they also only put one olive . 
  the rest of the pizza is mainly cheese , also with huge amounts of pickles and other things . 
  the tomato is spain , portugal is the olive , uk , france and some other countries are the pickles and germany is the cheese . 
  either with spain or europe , portugal is the minority , the weak member ( or at least one of the weak members ), 
  i really have some doubts about it . 
  must people do n't want a federation with spain , i 'm surprised that they want to make a federation with all e.u. 
  countries ( which also includes spain ) it 's like when a kid does n't like tomatoes , then you make a pizza ( where you put tomato ) but they eat it anyway because they wo n't even notice the tomato . 
  did we ? 
  or are you talking about grexit , grisis and greferendum ? 
  that 's part of the greek reality but not the whole greece . 
  for sure there are much more to know about it and about the greeks , things that go beyond economics and politics . 
  yes , i would start the threads myself , i just wanted the overall opinion of the community . 
  of course if the threads reached some high levels of interaction i would ask the mods if they could put as a sticky post . 
  of course the opinion of a foreigner is always welcome , including americans , 
  in portugal we have nice and big cork !, 
  the way we condemn both sentences would of course bevdifferent , but one thing is us on reddit making jokes about greece , puerto rico , germany , portugal , etc. . . another thing is when a politician makes jokes about those countries ( no matter who and to which country ), 
  varoufakis sentence was wrong . 
  scha\u00e4uble 's sentence is wrong too . 
  most people `` condemned '' varoufakis for calling them terrorists , so if we want to be neutral we should `` condemned '' sch\u00e4uble too . 
  sometimes a german without humor is way better than one with it . 
  portuguese descendant living in usa ? 
  exactly . 
  thank you master !, 
  yes , at least between portugal and spain the situation is very similar . 
  in uk the problem is n't so big because the country was already developed before entering in eu , you did n't have to pass through a massive investment in infrastructures , services and similar things , but i agree about the rest those 3 countries lived many years with its feet outside of europe and in some cases must of the body ( remember that time when portuguese capital was in brazil ? 
  it was `` just '' 200 years ago and around as most time as we had to go between a closed dictatorship into an european union ), 
  like a portuguese queen consort said once : `` rather queen for a day than a duchess all my life . '', 
  portuguese here , not eating cod fish . 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ kidding ^ ^ of ^ ^ course ^ ^ i 'm .
