  the question is where is the division ? 
  if a turk feels and acts as an european then let it be one . 
  being `` european '' is such a modern definition , * some * years ago a french and germany would despise being put under the same category , same for a portuguese and a spanish , but now , now we hold hands like we have been brothers since ever . 
  * northern europeans * and their assumption that only #ffffff christians are true europeans . 
  let him talk , he has a point , you 're a turk , be proud of that , better that than being a * xenophobic * * franco-dutch *, 
  nice , 3 europeans countries in the top 3 !, 
  portugal and spain in the xvi century are basically the usa x ussr during the xx century . 
  2 nations trying to compete for the control of the world , two sides against each other , a race for new unknowns ( first on earth than on space ) but nowadays ... we look at spain and portugal as `` irrelevant '' nations , only known to the world due to football . 
  do n't cry friend , portugal is here for you . 
  can i talk shit about your food too or we have to cancel the treaty of windsor first ? 
  \u00a1 arriba !, 
  \u00a1 arriba !, 
  most of the portuguese coffee brands make a mixture between arabica and robusta , and not just one of them . 
  if you do n't like portuguese coffee you either have a strange taste or have italian blood in you, 
  0,60 with aguardente included , 
  wellesley !, 
  macau at the time was a portuguese territory , so a bit of portugal was n't across the pyrenees ... so those are obviously portuguese living in macau and not those living in portugal , africa . 
  exactly , i always tell to my friends that i do n't drink alcohol , luckily they always have something like barley juice and somekind of grape juice for me , after a while i feel a little dizzy , but nowadays who knows what those big corporatives put on those bottles ... 
  a truly lost brother :'), 
  in portugal gypsies are known as `` ciganos '' , nobody calls them roma or anything similar , so if you say that you 're romanian people will identify you as being from eastern europe , perhaps putting you in the same group as ukranians , moldavians , ... but not gypsies . 
  oliven\u00e7a , obviously , oh wait ... that 's also in portugal . 
  probably galicia , right ? 
  lisboa like most european capitals is very cosmopolitan with lots of different people and so in general it really does n't reflect the way of living and acting of the rest of the country . 
  coat d'ivorie and gab\u00e3o ( cloak ), 
  in the matter of forest fires i 've always seen portugal and spain acting much like a single country . 
  sometimes they sent help to our side , next day we send to them , a fire knows no political borders , our forest are their forests and vice-versa . 
  i 'm always glad to see both nations helping each other , specially in those hard moments . 
  big countries do n't really care if `` you '' are fascist or not , as long as you support them and estado novo did `` support '' the allies during ww ii, 
  i would like to have an iberian union but only after the independence of catalu\u00f1a , basque country and even galicia . 
  it may seem strange , but for now , portugal joining spain in a union would mean only a thing , a much smaller country together with an `` european power house '' and that 's not exactly a good thing , the loss of sovereignty could be a real thing . 
  however if we split spain in smaller countries almost similar with portugal then it would be easier to bound them all together, 
  change portugal with italy and you 've the 3 last euro winners , so ... croatia , euro 2020 winner right ? 
  there is a `` thing '' called greater portugal that includes portugal ( with azores and madeira ) , galicia and in some cases also cape verde , so canary islands would n't be much farfetched, 
  estrela mountain with snow , desert clay in extremadura , beaches all around between leiria and algarve , great mountains in northern portugal and galicia , fatima and compostela for the catholics or simply people that like to walk . 
  such diversity in a small territory is amazing , and let 's not forget the islands madeira and azores and much more . 
  a paradise . 
  that 's why our peninsula is the best peninsula, 
  also hungary , austria , iceland and croatia . 
  poor wales :(, 
  a human death should n't be needed to make such change, 
  spain , and more specifically extremadura and galicia . 
  portuguese target was 3 % , and while we can argue that they would surpass that number anyway it only reached such values ( 4.4 ) because the state had to finance a private bank ( banif ) something that the european central bank `` asked '' them to do . 
  but you do n't have port wine and neither good weather :p, 
  now if you need something from mainland europe do n't forget that you can always ask us , your oldest allies , for help , sure it will smell like cod fish , but better to have some economical relations with some less-rainy countries even if they smell like fish than non at all, 
  now if you need something from mainland europe do n't forget that you can always ask us , your oldest allies , for help , sure it will smell like cod fish , but better to have some economical relations with some less-rainy countries even if they smell like fish than non at all, 
   other than that , i do n't like mostly history based names . 
  they are both inaccurate ( this new occitania includes some catalonia and misses a large part of historical occitania ) and stir up regionalism/nationalism for no good reason . 
  c'mon , france , you owe them at least that . 
  bacalhau language and culture has been minorized by law enforcement in detriment so that only bacalhau language was used . 
  you are the only bacalhau contry that keeps actively blocking the bacalhau charter for regional or minority languages and numerous organisations warn about the risk of loosing your own cultural heritage ... and you keep saying you do n't like nationalism ? 
  bacalhau is also a particular way of nationalism too . 
  i find giving them the benefit of choosing the name of their bacalhau to reflect their cultural particularities is the best way to show you respect their regional singularities , even if in the end you are all bacalhau . 
   i would like regions to just be named after a river or other landmark ( like most d\u00e9partements ) or just give them a number and be done with it i do n't think many bacalhau would like to see the name of `` bacalhau '' changed to `` western bacalhau country 2 '' . 
  hea ( hoje eu aprendi ) * til ( today i learned ) *, 
  next time they should put australia too, 
  i assume that fire stations have them but i do n't recall them being tested but , oh well ... this is portugal our key-word is `` desenrasca\u00e7o '' and probably if something `` bad '' happens there is either a old lady screaming around in the streets , a fat chief commander from the fire-department pressing the horn on his fire-truck , or some middle age dude slightly drunk inside a bar/coffee telling everybody about what is happening . 
  i get that they 're tested to make sure they work , but what do they alert for ? 
  i 've never seen such a thing here in portugal ( i do n't live in a big city like lisbon or porto , perhaps they have it to , but i have n't heard about it either ), 
  i thought they 're joking ... so , the sirens are a regular thing that you test ? 
  but why ? 
   well neither do i denmark is german 's hat , and on top of that is sweden + finland . 
  our bar is bigger so ... we 're obviously better , right ? 
  right ? 
  we could 've made connections to/from spain like the tgv and improve our ports , instead they built roads going to villages with a `` dozen of people '' and things like that , i live in a small village too but is it really necessary to have roads everywhere and even worse such a high number of autobahns and the thing is that now we do n't have money so many of those roads made in the 90s and 2000s now look like the moon since nobody have the money to repair them ( unless it 's election time , of course ... ), 
  the thing is we `` had '' the money , that period is known as `` tempo das vacas gordas '' ( fat cows time/period ) unfortunately people only realized that the `` cows '' are fat because eu was giving them steroids too late . 
  around 10 years before entering the eu , portugal was still a dictatorship with colonies in africa and the only times they turned around to europe was to fight against spain or france , it was everything too fast , of course good things are also built like all much of the stuff related with renewable energies and some roads really are useful , the problem is that we should 've had some kind of a `` manager '' , something like nowadays `` troika '' to control ans helps us managing the eu money, 
  the thing is everybody talks about greece , portugal and even spain but nobody remembers poland , i was only aware this week that eu contributed with `` so much '' money to poland i always thought that they 're really increasing their income , etc. . . really hope that does n't happen to poland the same that happen to portugal , when we entered the eu it was all great , the grass was always green , we built new football stadiums , more roads , more everything ... but now we 're paying all those expenses , the stadiums are empty and the roads lead to nowhere, 
  so what happened in 1886 ? 
  whenever someone asks something like this i imagine him as one of those people from the math books that buy 230 strawberries and then eats 11 , gives a quarter to his girlfriend and a third to a friend just to ask us in the end if we know how many windows has the house of george , his friend living in australia . 
  of course you 're , here take a good quality and cheap portuguese towel [ ] to help you get clean, 
  except us , we 're not in europe and in fact we 're probably not even a country, 
  same . 
  but ... portugal is best iberia . 
  yeah !, 
  you can bet on that , treat us well , or else the portuguese migrants living in belgium will start selling your beer and chocolate recipes to the russians !, 
  rioja is good . 
  ribera del duero is it similar to port wine ? 
  do you also mix it with 7up or some similar drink ? 
  and wo n't people drink more of the `` not mixed '' one ( this is ... just wine ) ? 
  i was referring to the modern day countries geographically location since back then portugal and castille had more territory outside the iberian peninsula but still they would be in an union , an iberian union also together with other kingdoms that are part of nowadays spain but even so not all the iberia was under felipes rule , we had places like gibraltar and for example couto misto, 
  habsburg dominion ? 
  iberian union for the specific case of portugal and spain, 
  yup , some `` amateur '' map-makers do n't get it but the fact that both countries shared a king does n't right away mean that 's the same country , portugal and spain still had different governments , labelling `` 1580-1640s portugal '' as spain is like naming australia as uk just because they share the same queen . 
  probably would n't made it to the list neither , home made wine is also quiet common in most of those countries so their numbers would also increase , but of course i 'm not excepting to see the priests in vatican making wine, 
  we 've oil ... olive oil to light up our candles , that 's why we do n't waste electric energy, 
  and a * stereotypical * feature of the portuguese is the mustache , we 're kind of a little hitleresque-creature upon earth . 
  burning people and things like that had been our olympic sport for around 500 years . 
  ... global colonialism ? 
  right but belgium and netherlands are two countries with relatively the same size and even `` power '' , while between portugal and spain that does n't happens , that 's why i said an union between portugal and spain would be like netherlands and germany , two neighbourhood countries , where one is bigger and have more relevance than the other , in those cases , the probability of portugal/netherlands ending up as * just * another region like galicia would be much higher, 
  ** do n't leave old friend !, 
  here in portugal , romanians ( like other eastern-europeans such as ukrainians and moldavians ) are seen as hard-workers , a few jokes about being `` always '' workers in the civil construction ( kind like the portuguese in france ) , they learn the portuguese language generally in a quiet impressive * short * time . 
  but there are no associations with the gypsies , in fact i only heard about `` romanians ~ gypsies '' here in the internet , for us , gypsies are `` ciganos '' , probably the fact that in many countries they 're known as `` roma '' made the association with `` romanians '' proliferate, 
  so in that case netherlands should made an union with germany , right ? 
  some foreigner is shopping or doing something in portugal , in the end ( s ) he replies : `` gracias ! '', 
  well ... the right one is indeed `` neerland\u00eas '' , however people just say `` holand\u00eas '' since they know the country as `` holanda '', 
  i 'm not sure but probably something like this ... - 1 ) angela merkel ( germany ) - 2 ) dilma roussef ( brazil ) , david cameron [ a week in the summer ] ( uk ) - 3 ) fran\u00e7ois hollande ( france ) , mariano rajoy ( spain ) , jean-claude juncker ( luxembourg , eu ) - 4 ) eduardo dos santos [ but his daughter is probably tier 1 or 2 ] ( angola ) - 5 ) david cameron [ in the rest of the year ], 
  i always found amazing the * diversity * within spain , i mean castilian is the main language but then you also have galician and from there you 're just a step away from portuguese or for instance you 've catalan which is closer to french . 
  i 'm a student in a univ residence with foreign students and usually it 's nice to talk with spanish students , sometimes i do n't understand them and neither they understand me but there is * always * an galician that helps us out , they 're the communication bridges , they connect us portuguese and spanish speakers , that 's why i hope all those regional languages and dialects around europe and the world do n't die out with time, 
  yeah !!!, 
  is this some kind of analogy ?
