  - portugal : 45 - spain : 10 45  10 . 
  portugal stronk !, 
  oh right , i meant here ( in portugal ) , despite of course we know that in northern europe and eastern europe it snows ( at least way more than here ) but we do n't see paints of josef lada ... 
  it 's only pictured as white in `` american '' movies . 
  yesterday , i was wearing a t-shirt during afternoon . 
  i hope isis do n't attack that spanish speaking country in middle east , [ nicaragua ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wyuelkz.jpg ), 
  i mainly drink beer , so i would say at least 5-10min every night , friday and saturday . 
  for my acounts this year ( till today ) i have gone to a bar ( sometimes more than one ) at least 50 days . 
  so that 's 50x5 = 250min = 4h10min spent inside of bar bathroom . 
  and that 's making accounts for the minimum . 
  and yes some people may answer `` eu ?? 
  foda-se '' but what i 'm talking is what i see . 
  but well , i usually go to small bars where much of the people now each other so if you do n't clean your hands then the probability that someone that was also in the bathroom at that time to see you again that night in the bar is high and even to see you in others nights and perhaps tell about it to his friends . 
  from where are you from ? 
  might be a regional thing , i usually go to a bar every weekend and whenever i use the bathroom it 's rare to see someone leaving without washing hands , but well , i often go to small bars with small bathrooms and regular costumers , which means that if you do n't wash your hands and someone sees it then there 's a high probability that you 're going to face that same person again in that night and probably in several other nights . 
  and why do you conclude such a thing ? 
  from my experience in bar 's bathroom i can assure you that 's rare to see someone leaving without washing hands with the liquid soap dispenser . 
  i think that 's a good enough reason, 
  well , around 10 % of syrians are christians so it might be a possibility, 
  i mean in less than 16 seconds , sometimes i ca n't even figure out if that 's a plane , a bird or even superman ... / s, 
  that 's just a stereotype between `` city '' and `` village '' . 
  it 's the same in all the country , most of the people are n't homophobic they may stare at you if you 're homossexual but just because they are n't used to it , specially if they 're elder people , but of course small vilages tend to have a higher percentage of elders and so more `` people staring '' , but in the ended , it does n't really matters if you 're in lisbon or in that really small village in the middle of the mountains , because in general portugal is pretty much an uniformed country, 
  i will start to give the/an example : - portuguese inquisition , including things like : [ the lisbon massacre of 1506 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lisbon_massacre ) - the slave trade between africa and america . 
  ... i 'm however fortunately to say that my country have evolved very much in terms of rights since then . 
  but we have islands too x ), 
  but portugal is there ... , 
  since blindness is well known due to the [ movie ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0861689/ ) , i decided to rather put the `` a viagem do elefante '' . 
  here is my `` portuguese team '' : - mensagem - fernando pessoa mensagem ( message ) came up after the junction of a latin phrase `` mens agitat molem '' which means `` the spirit moves the matter '' , and it 's a book composed of 44 poems . 
  - serm\u00c3o de santo ant\u00d3nio aos peixes - ant\u00f3nio vieira it 's a book made by a priest during the 17th century , where using fishes he talks about the vicious of the portuguese society at the time , specially in brazil . 
  - lu\u00eds de sttau monteiro it is a literary work adapted for the theater , it tells the story of a general ( gomes freire de andrade ) in the beggining of the 19th century that tries to make a liberal revolt . 
  the story was made in 1961 , however it was only interpreted in a portuguese theater in 1978 , due to the fact that it was censured till 1974 by the portuguese dictatorship `` estado novo '' - a viagem do elefante - jos\u00e9 saramago it 's the story about a voyage made between lisbon ( portugal ) and vienna ( austria ) in order to give an unusual gift to the archduke maximilian , an elephant . 
  all this during a time of liberal revolts across europe . 
  - os maias - e\u00e7a de queiroz it 's a novel about a family named `` maia '' , a story of love , tragedy and about the portuguese society of the late 19th century , with fine details of the characters and the environment around them . 
  - auto da barca do inferno - gil vicente similar to dante 's divine comedy , it 's the story from the 16th century about a group of people arguing with an angel and the devil in order to decide if they should go either to heaven or hell , it 's a comedy but also a story with moral , where gil vicente talks about rot of the portuguese society of his time . 
  - frei lu\u00cds de sousa - almeida garrett it tells the story of manuel de sousa coutinho , a noble who is married to the widow of a noble thought to have died with d. sebastian in battle . 
  but then , after more than twenty years , the husband returns , rendering the couple 's marriage , and daughter , illegitimate - amor de perdi\u00c7\u00c3o - camilo castelo branco it 's a portuguese novel from the 19th century , similar to romeo and juliet ; sim\u00e3o botelho and teresa are from two rival families of viseu ( in portugal ) , but deeply in love . 
  the narrator of the story always speaks in 3rd person , we do n't know who he 's until the end when in reveals to be the nephew of sim\u00e3o , in a reality camilo 's uncle was also named sim\u00e3o botelho and was in prison . 
  - livro do desassossego - fernando pessoa it 's a book composed by hundred of `` fragments '' , it 's `` kind '' a of autobiography of fernando pessoa , the book was written by his heteronym bernardo soares and with a preface of fernando pessoa himself . 
  the book was only published in 1982 , several years after pessoa 's death . 
  - cavaleiro da dinamarca - sophia de mello breyner andresen it 's a children 's story about a knight from denmark that goes in a journey into the holy land ( nazareth , belem and jerusalem ) . 
  the story can also be seen as an tribute for sophia 's ancestors , since her great-grandfather was a danish that arrived in porto ( where sophia was born ) - os lus\u00cdadas - lu\u00cds vaz de cam\u00d5es finally but not last , `` os lus\u00edadas '' is a epic poem from the 16th century , narrating the portuguese voyage to india ( by vasco da gama ) , unlike odyssey where the hero is ulisses or aeneid where the hero is aeneas , here there are n't a single hero but a whole nation of heroes `` lusitanians '' ( aka portuguese ) . 
  the original print of the book ( 34 ) can be found in places like : the portuguese national library ( lisbon ) , the spanish national library ( madrid ) , the french national library ( paris ) , naples ( italy ) library , oxford university , harvard university , coimbra university , etc. . . including rio de janeiro , sttugart , new york , ... 
  first place !!!, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ counting ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ from ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ below, 
  hi there baltic tiger !, 
  most of those young ones are teens that see no future in their lives so their only choice is to fight and perahaps reach something worthful that may compensate them , but this happen both with russians and talibans , of course many of them are drafted , but do n't you think that if it was just that would n't they run away in the middle of a battle , but they do n't do it , because despite being in a war they probably have food and a shelter everyday something that maybe they would n't have . 
   al qaeda and the taliban are objectively worse than a bunch of russian teens forced to enlist because talibans do n't have also a bunch of teens and young men fighting in their `` armies '' , right ? 
  the maktab al-khidamat which would later lead to the al qaeda was founded by a guy with 27 years old named osama bin laden , he made them in order to recruit fighters against ussr in afghanistan . 
  in all major wars there are teens and young people fighting . 
  i meet 2 irish girls these summer in algarve . 
   kid : what country is this ? 
  looks like a di ...  teacher : ... a what ?!, 
  let me have it ? 
  * french teacher looks closely at it ... *  teacher : oh i see ... it 's from uk , those di ** s ! '', 
   kid : yeaaaah !, 
  hon hon hon hon, 
  funny enough must of those `` anti-eu '' are in the european parliament because what they really want it 's to reform it . 
  and anyway the portuguese communist party and the left bloc wo n't be part of the govern , and i doubt that the ps will let them interfer in those particular things , at least not now, 
  seems like you 're crying , already  dude , chill a little bit , let 's not already anticipate a disaster . 
  yes , it probably will happen , but saying it wo n't solve anything , actually it can even make it worst . 
  why ? 
  because now many people in europe think that you 're going to be governed by a communist party with a leader like kim jong-un , and those public opinions affect what 's written in newspapers all around the world , and in the final even if just a small slice , they end up affecting the markets and so affecting us portuguese people and europeans in general . 
   radical far-left parties . 
  i think far-left parties is enough ... well in fact probably just left parties . 
  since ps is center-left . 
  let 's not make this a `` east timor '' ( east east ) case . 
  the portuguese communist party and the left bloc are more like socialism than communism , and by the way , the portuguese socialist party is in fact social-democrat . 
  which means that our radical far-left is `` just '' socialism , and even compared with others socialists around the world and even europe , they 're not that radical in those ideas . 
  this said , i just want people to realize that saying things like `` we 're doomed !, 
  we 're going to be north korea ! '', 
  does n't help our country any bit . 
  it just creates an false alarm in public opinion , in the news and by countagious in the financial markets , which at this moment is n't very good for portugal . 
  and people need to remember one thing , the deputies represent us , the people , but we represent portugal it does n't matter if they 're left or right , we should be searching for new ideas , for new ways of solving the problem not throwing more wood into the fire in order to burn the opposition ( because just like a fire does n't stop at a national border , a financial crisis wo n't affect only people that voted left or right but everyone in general ), 
  i 'm not saying that ... 
  but there are lots of statistics . 
  you see what you want to see . 
  first , northern europe have more `` power '' than southern europe , if you search for statistics online you will find more things that put `` northern european countries '' at the top than the other way around . 
  second , there are a greater amount of eastern europeans in sites like reddit than for example portuguese , spaniards or italians . 
  this means that when you 're searching about statistics about `` weather '' you 'll find either `` top countries with more rain per year '' or `` top countries with less sun per year '' the same happens when comparing for example europe with africa , it 's just the way that we look at statistics , they made them the way that they want us to see it . 
  3 - portugal 10 - brazil 26 - mozambique ... 28 - spain . 
  while searching on facebook , i found some people with the name portugalov and/or portugalova , from what i know , those are mainly descendants from jews that fleed away to russia and the ottoman empire ( which at least part of bulgaria was in ) during the portuguese inquisition, 
  if we want to be a true power in europe , we ca n't forget to add andorra too . 
  [ portuguese version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doquyephf0c ) , `` pauliteiros '' , it 's a folk dance from miranda do douro , in northern portugal , probably they all have a common ancestor . 
  why did we ally with the british ... we could be makin ' exchange with the french or even the spaniards at least they know how to appreciate a good wine . 
  we do n't want your goddam tea , look we even give the tea to you england !, 
  we want wine !, 
  university students :p, 
  i would n't say that we do n't like , simply younger people do n't listen to it , however there 's now a new generation of fado singers that are somehow increasing their audiences through young people , like `` deolinda '' is not that slow fado that we 're used with amalia and then mariza , it 's a little more upbeat and so `` better '' for the ears of a young ( wo ) men, 
  i mean it 's still kind of uk , and how wants to live in the fuckin ' cold uk when you can still live in iberia and at the same time piss the englishmen, 
  i never understood why canada 's capital was ottawa , when you 've cities like toronto or vancouver . 
  i have to say , being portuguese i really thought you would drink more sangria , well not as much as beer or wine , but still a good amount of sangria . 
  here in portugal during the summer many people drink sangria , specially women , maybe it 's depends on where you live , i imagine that in lisbon for example they wo n't drink that much of sangria , but still . 
  during the summer festivities in my village people drink a lot of sangria ( it 's not pure sangria since we mix cacha\u00e7a , vodka and beir\u00e3o ) , in group dinners women usually ask for sangria instead of wine . 
  i know , jk . 
  but if we 're speaking about the people should we really include people from gibraltar in general ? 
  are n't most of them from uk and so not `` iberians '' ? 
  luckely bread , fish and olive oil go very well together , 
  except gibraltar , right ? 
  right ? 
  send oliv ... oh wait , ok just sent some bocadillos , paella and rioja wine .
