  i think the latter is far more likely than the former and , politically speaking , a necessity for the rest of the eu . 
  although whether that backfires on them is another matter all together , either way this is n't something which will influence my decision . 
   i think people in the netherlands feel some affinity with the british . 
  obviously the flemish and the germans are closer to us linguistically , but when i grew up i watched dad 's army , keeping up appearances and allo allo with my parents . 
  and later top gear . 
  my grandfather was involved in ww2 as a soldier but he still loved those old british shows about the war . 
  this always surprises me when i read how many of our old programs have been watched by continental europeans . 
  were they dubbed or subbed ? 
  i think a lot of the humour would be lost if they were dubbed . 
  the more german media i read the more disconcerted i become with their perception of the uk . 
   so you really feel affinity just cause you both speak english ? 
  wat well ... . . yeah . 
  people generally get along when they can understand each other . 
  this should n't be difficult to understand . 
  hopefully it 'll just be another decade at most if the treaty changes required to save the eurozone force the issue again , which is n't guaranteed but quite likely . 
  really ? 
  i thought you could only register for postal vote via post . 
  got a link ? 
  i 'm more afraid of the being disappointed when nothing exciting happens , if we do n't vote leave that is . 
  if we vote to stay then the bitching and whinging wo n't stop and the fudging continues . 
  sounds like minority report . 
  creepy . 
  all queue violators will be shot . 
   waiting on long queues . 
  we love queues !, 
  but less exciting . 
  how internationalist . 
  the difference is quite simple . 
  canadians = loyalist good son . 
  americans = rebellious ungrateful son . 
  i can safely tell you that quite a lot of born british citizens would n't know the answer to some of these questions . 
  furthermore they 're not necessary for integration . 
  speak , read and write english and obey the law . 
  it 's not difficult . 
  this is one of the most sensible posts i have seen on the matter of `` brexit '' . 
  bravo sir , bravo . 
  78 % , just made it . 
  i did all of the questions and i was guessing a whole lot of them . 
  100 % , rule britannia . 
  i get to keep my passport . 
  these questions are stupid though . 
  all they need to do is understand that the uk is a liberal democracy which values individual liberty and the rule of law not who gilbert and sullivan are . 
  direct democracy is flawed because the arguments become irrelevant when people are simply cowed into submission . 
  look at the current eu referendum . 
  it 's become `` the world will end '' vs `` we 'll be overrun by a hoard of migrants '' . 
  it 's a farcical shame when this debate really could have been used to settle the uk 's place in the world . 
  sch\u00e4uble : `` debt relief will happen ... . . in 2018 ... . . when i might not be in government . '', 
  it 's being fobbed off until after the german elections . 
  not everything can be connected to brexit . 
   well there is talk about a eurozone government . 
  which could be a remedy for that no i do n't think that will remedy the problem . 
  the eurozone as a block would naturally vote together on a number of issues within common eu institutions . 
  the eurozone will form the core of the eu with the uk in the periphery , in a satellite position : similar to much disparaged norway position . 
  you ca n't legislate against gravity . 
   i personally do n't get this . 
  the immigration crisis is n't going to continue indefinitely . 
  but the decision is one for a couple of decades . 
  i doubt the eu will welcome you back in 10-20 years immigration is not really a factor for me in this referendum and for many of the leave leaders i do n't think it is either but they look at the polls , which show it 's a big concern to the public , and think arguing on immigration will win them the vote . 
  what leave actually needs is vision and ambition . 
   are you in favor of leaving or remaining . 
  leaning towards leave at the moment but not convinced . 
   why are you in favor of ( answer question 1 ) i think our exit from the eu is inevitable . 
  the eurozone requires further integration if it is to break out of this economic malaise and prevent future ones . 
  the integrated eurozone will be the core of the eu and the uk wo n't be able to resist its influence due to sheer weight of numbers , both economically and demographically . 
  the uk wo n't join the euro or integrate further , necessary to influence said body , so i think we might as well get it over with rather than 5-10 years down the line . 
  be a friend to an integrated eu from the outside . 
   what do you think the outcome of the referendum will be ? 
  remain will win . 
  the leave campaign is atrocious while the fear of change is a deciding factor . 
  we 're not doing badly economically so no one wants to rock the boat . 
   what do you think of nigel farage and his arguments ? 
  i do n't think he 's a bad bloke but his arguments are toxic to the leave camp . 
  whoever 's going to leave based on immigration is already going to do so they should move away from the obsessive focus on migration . 
  a question about brexit in the europe sub seems appropriate to me . 
  this is only going to starve the market . 
  those sneaky terrorists are trying to artificially raise the price of explosives , just like the diamond industry . 
  sure , transparency helps and referendums are a good way of engaging the public , until they get tired of being asked about things at least . 
  in general the eu institutions just need more coverage , perhaps less negative , but they need to occupy the same level of importance as national institutions in the minds of the public . 
  that said , i think people have to accept that a great of people are opposed to sharing power/sovereignty with others , or at least certain others . 
  these feelings are not rational but neither are the feelings that bind the states we inhabit currently . 
   more referendums what based on the switzerland model ? 
  looking at our current foray into direct democracy i can not recommend that we run the union via them . 
   uk could also stay in the eu and revamp it , not in their favor , but in the favor of the people . 
  what does that mean ? 
  increasing the power of the european parliament ? 
  that means further integration and ceding sovereignty to a central/federal government . 
  the british public does n't support such a move . 
  but what would fixing require ? 
  integration probably and people are n't behind that , that 's why we 're getting economic gloom and doom . 
  so how 's that euro crisis coming along ? 
  you know that organisation we 're not a part of and not obstructing ... . 
  monaco ? 
  but he 's right in that we ca n't lead or at least exercise the greatest amount of influence unless we are willing to integrate further and i think it 's pretty obvious at this point , regardless of whose pro-in or out , that the population is not . 
  in fairness he did say it was the delusion of some `` toffs '' ( probably means conservatives/politicians ) and that is true . 
  they believe they can influence the eu without pursuing or committing to further integration thus they peddle the illusion of reform . 
  i doubt their idea of reform matches the reforms other eu members have in mind . 
  sounds like they 're just punching the clock . 
  `` oh , the uk 's having a referendum . 
  uh um , stay in ... unity is for the best ... cooperation is good ... is that enough ? '', 
   maybe the bar is just really low at the moment !,
