  with statistical evidence no less . 
   it 's a term like ` change ' that people see as positive , people want things to be better after all and that all sort of sits in the same place . 
  true , i just fear we 're in for another fudge . 
   unless someone runs a really good campaign to spin it differently of course . 
  they 're going to give it a damn good try that 's for sure . 
  however , from what i 've seen so far it looks like we 're going to see a `` project fear 2.0 : thisa time isa personal '' . 
  sure some would know enough about the eu do want reform in terms of freedom of movement ( this is probably the most common answer ) or cutting down on bureaucracy ( second most common answer ) but how many simply answered with a `` reformed '' eu because the heard the news mention that term ? 
   that 's why it was such a politically useful term , right up until the point it had to be defined in the context of a referendum ... 
  certainly which is why the government has taken so long before setting out the exact reforms they have in mind . 
   if you look at polling , most people in the uk want to be part of a reformed eu i 'm starting to think that most people just say they would vote to stay in a `` reformed '' eu because they have no idea about the debate and so give the most vacuous answer . 
  i bet when challenged as to what they mean by a reformed eu or what specific reforms they would like they would n't be able to answer . 
  i do n't want to take this thread on a tangent but this topic often comes up and i 'm quite curious about this whole uk abandoning poland/eastern europe to the ussr . 
  what did they expect the uk to do ? 
  fight against the most experienced and largest ( ? ), 
  armies in the world ? 
  all this without the us as well who were not on board with attacking the soviets . 
  do the eastern europeans also believe the us abandoned them as well ? 
  of course , she is called [ britannia ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-bxv5gofj5ik/umrxhck4qti/aaaaaaaahga/tjlch5ww6xy/s1600/britannia+by+rex+woods.jpg ) after all . 
  commonwealth is our secret code for canada , australia and new zealand . 
  at least that 's what most people think of when rekindling commonwealth ties are mentioned . 
  do you feel in charge ? 
   also huzzzzzzzzah !!!!!, 
  is hereby the new freeeeeedom i second this motion . 
  if we try hard enough we might get the same reception here as russia does . 
  please no . 
  i know but i thought i 'd use his post as an excuse to quote the article . 
  that 's precisely what i fear which is why i do n't want them to reuse the scottish referendum tactics . 
  no controversy or acrimony in those threads and thus they are boring . 
  oh my sweet summer child ... 
  enough of this heresy !, 
  if you 're familiar with these brexit threads then they 're unlikely to surprise you but i think the conclusion is worth repeating :  the government may yet eke out a close victory , particularly if it can leverage its `` status quo '' advantage . 
  but there is a clear risk that a narrow victory , based on the fear of change rather than a compelling positive case , neither silences the eurosceptics nor settles the issue for the wider public . 
  it 's either threads about the immigration crisis or this , which would you prefer ? 
  i really wish cameron would abandon this farcical performance and just come out and openly say he 's campaigning to stay in . 
  everyone already thinks he is anyway so why bother with this pretence ? 
  i think cameron did n't realise what he would unleash when he promised this referendum . 
  he thought that it would be a quick rubber stamping process that would keep his party together and shut up the sceptics . 
  instead it 's spiralling out of his control , due to several unforeseen factors , and he is panicking . 
   i think the ` out ' campaign is basically ` lying ' to the public you think the in campaign wo n't also be lying to the public ? 
  rule britannia , britannia rules the waves ... * weeps softly *, 
  i can agree with this principle but i do n't think it would be palatable to the british public to have this referendum to be decided by supermajority when only last year the country could have been broken up by a simple majority . 
  the lords attempting to include british citizens who have not been resident in the uk for 15 years and 16/17 year olds in the eu referendum vote is a blatant attempt at manipulating the vote . 
  minus an alteration for some peers , the electorate that is currently able to vote in the upcoming eu referendum is basically same as general elections . 
  keeping it along these lines avoids these acrimonious debates and the inevitable accusations of gerrymandering when the results of the referendum comes in . 
  i 'm not sure you got his point . 
  the pro-eu scottish separatists also hold hypocritical views because they desire greater self-governance but are also supporters of further eu integration . 
   i feel that the uk is the only nation that has retained a sense of national pride and self-interest . 
  i think quite a few eu members have retained a sense of national pride and self-interest and in some cases that is why it is n't working too well in many areas , e.g. 
  the eurozone . 
  regardless , i agree with you in that it would be a mistake to become too obsessed with comparing the uk 's relationship with the eu that of norway or switzerland . 
  the economic impact of the uk leaving would certainly be felt on either side of channel , how large the impact i am uncertain , but the ideological and political effects of brexit on the wider eu will be much greater . 
  greater than many believe or are discussing at the moment . 
  however , that is of at a slight tangent as i thought i would share this article because the arguments are interesting but also subscribe to the same fear tactic that the in campaign has decided to focus upon , albeit with a security rather than economical focus . 
  something i wish the in campaign would not focus upon as i fear it antagonises the undecided and puts more people off supporting the pro-eu campaign . 
  for those that can not access the article : according to the conventional wisdom , the british can only be reconciled to the european union by appealing to their wallets . 
  for reasons of history , geography and culture , they will always see european integration as a question of economic advantage rather than a matter of national security . 
  after all , that was how membership in the european economic community -- as the eu was then known -- was sold when britain joined in 1973 . 
  britain did n't join out of fear of future wars but because it feared that the eec was fixing the rules for european markets to the u.k. 's disadvantage . 
  the same arguments are being used to sell the merits of eu membership today ahead of the referendum that prime minister david cameron has promised to hold by the end of 2017 . 
  the campaign to keep britain in the eu is being led by a businessman and has focused its fire on the likely consequences of an eu exit for jobs and investment . 
  when mr. cameron joined the fray last week , it was similarly to warn that a britain outside the eu would still have to contribute to the eu 's budget and adopt most of its rules and regulations , just as non-eu norway and switzerland have to do as the price for access to the eu 's single market . 
  no doubt these arguments are still compelling . 
  every credible business organization backs the u.k. 's membership in the eu . 
  so , too , do all of britain 's major trading partners -- including british commonwealth countries that were the biggest losers in the u.k. 's decision to join the eec . 
  even so , appeals to economic self-interest clearly do n't resonate as strongly with today 's prosperous , self-confident britain as they did 40 years ago with an economically vulnerable britain that was struggling to define its postindustrial , postcolonial destiny . 
  in fact , today the strongest case for britain 's membership in the eu may be the needs of national security rather than the impact on the national balance sheet . 
  in common with the rest of europe , the u.k. faces an array of security challenges arising from the pressures caused by globalization , the instability in europe 's eastern and southern neighborhoods , and the weakness of the global institutions that the u.k. has traditionally relied upon to project its international agenda , according to a new report by robin niblett , the director of the influential london-based chatham house think tank . 
  in all these cases , britain 's interest lies in a common european response . 
  euroskeptics have long argued that the eu is irrelevant to british or european security whose principle guarantor for 70 years has been the north atlantic treaty organization . 
  but the nature of today 's challenges differ from those of the cold war and ca n't be confronted solely through a military alliance . 
  in the ukraine crisis , for example , nato members were clear that there was no military solution . 
  instead , members responded politically , with europe imposing sanctions agreed upon at an eu level . 
  in this respect , eu action supports nato by allowing for a division of labor . 
  indeed , the eu is increasingly playing the lead role in addressing all the major security challenges now present on europe 's borders , notes jonathan eyal of the royal united services institute , a london-based think tank . 
  the eu 's economic-assistance programs , free-trade deals , refugee quotas and sanction regimes are the most effective way of combating the risks arising from the migration crisis , instability in the balkans , mayhem in parts of the middle east and north africa , rising authoritarianism in turkey and the threat from a revanchist russia . 
  of course , the u.k. could continue to cooperate with the eu on tackling security challenges even if it was n't a member . 
  it is already supplying equipment and personnel to help southern european countries manage the migration crisis , even though it is outside the eu 's schengen passport-free travel area and therefore not legally obliged to do so . 
  but the u.k. government is learning that not having a seat at the table when strategic decisions are made can be costly : by refusing to play a leading role in the eu 's response to russian aggression in ukraine , it now realizes it has effectively outsourced responsibility for the u.k. 's ties with russia to germany and france . 
  besides , a british exit from the eu would weaken the european bloc , which would be forced to turn its attention inward as it tried to construct a new relationship with the u.k. any new deal between the u.k. and eu would , in turn , be scrutinized as a possible model for other countries unhappy with the obligations of membership . 
  once pulled apart , the bonds of compromise and mutual trust needed to underpin collective action might be hard to repair . 
  that would certainly leave all of europe -- including the u.k. -- more vulnerable . 
  that may yet weigh on british minds more than dire warnings from accountants . 
  you monster . 
  too early to say but i 'd imagine she will be on the same level as ashton . 
  afterall they were both chosen because they would n't do anything . 
  all true but while the us is probably pursuing its interests by stating the uk should stay in the eu i think it is far more likely that the statement is this article has been made at the british governments request . 
  they are pro-eu because we are anti . 
  ah my apologises , sarcasm is indeed hard to convey across the expanses of the internet . 
  i 've fallen prey to the misbelief that anyone would approve of an article with such a clear bias . 
  yes , that 's why i 'm criticising the article ... 
  if they 've lost the pubs then they might as well give up now . 
  on a serious note this article is great in how it reports the debate while making subtle little digs at the outers the entire time . 
  you poor fool , did n't you see the scottish referendum ? 
  this will never be over . 
  cool . 
   only western part of europe such as germany , france , italy , sweden , finland etc. 
  are percieved as `` true europe '' . 
  are we considered part of `` true europe '' ? 
   one can not at the same time defend entry to the eu and claim to never have wanted more than free trade . 
  this statement is correct but uk politicians certainly have n't sold , and did n't sell , the eu as a political integration project but have emphasised the economic benefits .
