  mr schwarzman 's not-unreasonable assumption is that , in future it might be more important for aspiring american leaders to understand china . 
   the rise of asia is also changing the nature of canada and australia , two other key members of the historic anglosphere . 
  australia does 10 times as much trade , by value , with china and japan as it does with britain . 
  the population of toronto , canada 's largest city , is now around 35 per cent ethnic asian , and the figure is well over 40 per cent for vancouver on the pacific coast . 
   still , any brits who feel nostalgic for the anglosphere , and a little resentful about mr obama 's `` back of the queue '' comments , might reflect how much they still benefit from the cultural power of the us . 
  the traditional anglosphere may be in disrepair . 
  but a different sort of anglosphere has emerged in brussels , with english now the common language of the eu institutions . 
  sure , i understand their feelings too . 
  i 'm an undecided brit voter at the moment and i can see both the pros and cons of a federal eu . 
  the only thing i 'm sure about atm is that the eu ( or eurozone to be precise ) can not remain as it is , it must either integrate further or role back the integration it already has . 
  their worries are very real . 
  in order for the eu to operate more effectively in its current state requires less compromise politics which would inevitably mean some countries being overruled for the `` greater good '' . 
  unexpected for this topic not for r/europe in general . 
  i would be one of those grateful if you did , unfortunately my french is very far from the task . 
  it seems the us policy towards the eu could be described as in favour of unity when the eu agrees with them but bypass eu and talk to individual members when it does n't . 
  a pragmatic approach . 
  i thought we were china 's best friends now , probably get some investment to shut us up . 
  but the us also wants a much stronger eu defence if only to reduce the military burden nato places upon them and allow them to focus on other regions . 
  the world is gradually becoming multipolar and the us wants a powerful ally to help keep the other rivals under the boot . 
  the eu seems like their most realistic option . 
  well , ideologically at the moment the eu is weak . 
  there are strong economic arguments in its favour but it population lacks the belief in its ideological goals , closer integration . 
  the major blow , if it does give one , of brexit would n't be economical but to the confidence of the eu . 
  like the first soldier fleeing might trigger a rout so to speak . 
  i suppose they are quite blunt , numbers in big bold writing . 
  i swear the heartbeat monitor thing in the leave campaign is used by bupa and others . 
   but the usa 's interests and europe 's interests are two separate things ** ( hell , europe itself does n't have a common interest ) . 
  ** i was about to interject until i saw this . 
  this is correct . 
  funnily enough though , it is in the us interest for europe to have a common interest with the assumption it would be favourable to the us . 
  this thread has unexpectedly revealed some east-west tensions . 
  have there been any good political posters for the eu debate yet ? 
  they need to get on those . 
  hard to say . 
  it 's more like brexit would be the straw that broke the camel 's back rather than a killing blow . 
  agreed . 
  to be honest they might as well be blank backgrounds if he ca n't come up with anything more eye-catching . 
  this . 
  this is the answer . 
  yes , `` cringeworthy '' is probably the best word . 
  well that kinda defeats the whole point ... 
  why do n't we just skip straight to i am a `` westerner '' or `` dunedain '' or `` westerosi '' or `` natonian '' . 
  i 'd probably choose the smaller stack of papers myself , get it out the way , and do the larger one after but people have different work flows . 
  christ , look through all my posts if you want but perhaps you just want to vent ? 
  it 's alright i wo n't take it personally . 
  i thought they had been making that pretty clear recently . 
  although i suppose people seem to be getting confused between terms like `` free trade '' and the `` single market '' and the oft used `` access to the single market '' . 
  unfortunately to gain the sovereignty or independence that it desired by the campaign it will require an exit from the single market , an inescapable truth . 
   more canada , really . 
  the parallels are quite strong - canada is actually a very large economy ( 11th globally ) , but is overshadowed by the fact that it 's next to a much more massive one . 
  true , though i always thought that australia was in danger of the same with china ? 
  no real disagreements here apart from quibbling over how `` bad '' it would be , i could n't make that prediction myself . 
  i suppose i 'm getting tired of the repetitive replies saying the same thing . 
  but that entirely avoids my point , there are many pro-eu people across the uk but they are still eurosceptic by many continental pro-eu standards . 
  this is the disconnect that has sown much of the discord in the uk-eu relationship and will continually crop up and plague us unless we cease ignoring the problem . 
  what is your definition of a long way away ? 
  not at all , the more the merrier . 
  i do n't think the uk offers anything particularly special outside of generally being a strong economy and certainly the us is focusing on tpp , tipp and of course india but the uk as a single negotiator is probably easier to navigate a trade deal with than larger trade blocks . 
  essentially what i 'm saying is that a deal would probably be quicker and therefore not requiring the same amount of resources as some of these larger pet us projects . 
  i mean no one actually believes there is a `` queue '' right ? 
  these things are done concurrently , staggered over years and given various amounts of resources depending upon difficulty and desirability . 
  i do n't see the uk trying to set alternative trade standards . 
  in this projection the world is under the dominion of a joint eu-us alliance which would probably place us in a position similar to canada or australia i suppose . 
  again it is up to the public whether that is a preferable to being inside the eu or not . 
  the biggest weakness of the leave campaign at the moment is that they lack any ambitious vision to entice or inspire such move to the public . 
  true , i generally think most of the population just do n't think of it as a realistic prospect and therefore do n't dedicate much time towards it . 
  we are in an age where grand ideas are viewed as exhausting . 
  i would interested in seeing polls which showed a high preference for a federal europe amongst that age group , and others . 
  there is a remarkable difference between being pro remaining and pro-integration , if the idea were as popular as you profess then the government would actually be campaigning on that basis . 
  clearly they 've decided that the economic benefits are a safer argument to make than the european ideal . 
  as for self-identification , i have no problem saying i 'm a european but equally i also identify as human and ponder whether i should bother growing attached to another layer of identity on top of `` british '' rather than just skipping to identifying with humanity as a whole . 
  a federal europe is a great deal closer than you would think ranging from 5 to 15 years depending upon how long they can sustain the eurozone crisis . 
  a nice post and some good points but again i 've never mentioned entirely replacing the eu only attempting to lessen the dependence which makes this eu debate difficult . 
  geography means that the uk will always trade with europe but to avoid undue interference from the eu outside of its embrace will require painful economic disentanglement , the question is whether the uk public think that is worthwhile . 
  as to what the uk can offer in terms of trade ? 
  well i 'm under no illusions that we 're some kind of trading utopia but nor are we a shit hole with nothing to offer . 
  china and the us are undoubtedly interested in big dinners of large consumer markets but if someone offered an aperitif or an easy snack would they say no ? 
  probably not . 
  would they give it the highest of priorities ? 
  would it quicker to negotiate than some of the larger markets ? 
  probably . 
  i think you 're confusing what `` people '' i am a part of . 
  i 'm an undecided simply trying to offer some debate . 
  perhaps you 'd prefer if i ran around wailing and hiding my cash in mattresses ? 
  yes , i have expressed that sentiment on multiple occasions in this very thread . 
  naturally not rushing means years . 
  most political processes take years , that 's the standard unit of measurement in these situations , hahaha . 
  i should imagine the idea of increasing trade with those countries is to * lessen * the dominance on any of the major economies not replace them . 
  the `` not putting all your eggs in one basket '' approach . 
  sure , some terrible economic arguments are being put forth but this debate , for me at least , was never about economics and leave is making a mistake by focusing on them . 
  and by politics i essentially mean `` feeling '' or ideology i suppose . 
  yes , boris has always had a wonderful ability to place foot in mouth . 
  i do n't think the us or china would give a * fair * trade deal , what fairness would there be between the economies and populations of our respective sizes ? 
  but a deal would still be beneficial , again we 're talking about levels of benefit rather than loss . 
  would we have a more beneficial or `` fairer '' trade deal as part of the eu ? 
  probably , but it all depends on whether the uk public thinks that is worth the political trade off . 
  i see that you wear the flair of the eu , can i assume you are a pro-integrationist or a federalist ? 
  for you the answer would be simply and i myself would prefer to integrate further or to simply leave but most of the public do n't share our convictions . 
   the only thing they have to point too is india , the same country the uk keeps vetoing a trade deal with the eu . 
  that 's interesting , do you have any more information on this ?
