  this certainly is n't the fault of the eu institutions but the british public did n't enter on the basis of eventual political union . 
  well in fairness , i 'd argue that the two issues that require more centralisation were caused by the integration projects of schengen and the euro . 
  as long as countries are members of both projects then more integration is definitely required but if those institutions did n't exist then further integration would n't be necessary . 
   set up a `` commonwealth common market '' i think you 're skipping the most difficult part . 
  most of the articles/opinion pieces i 've read grant the impression that our exes , even the aussies and canadians , are none too keen on us . 
  pretty sure he 's talking about denmark 's commitment towards the us . 
  hey , be glad that you were significant enough to be mentioned . 
  how depressing . 
  i think its lord mandelson . 
  if you want to play a part in the actual referendum debate then wait for the date to be announced and then join one of the organisations campaigning to stay in . 
  if you just want to convince your friends and family etc then my advice is simple . 
  be polite and never lose your temper . 
  seriously , as cliche as it sounds , it 's that simple . 
  whatever facts you bring out , and a great deal will probably be speculative , will mean little unless you present them in a calm and rational manner . 
  remember that when you are discussing your views with others and attempting to convince them that you yourself are also under scrutiny . 
  if you come across as a nice and sensible person then naturally people will associate the viewpoint you are supporting as the rational/preferable option . 
   how do you think i could help relate to my undecided friends and relatives ? 
  their concerns are n't unfounded ... 
  this is a good way to approach the debate as well . 
  be prepared to accept parts of your opponents argument not only because they may actually be correct but also dispels the impression that you are an ideologue rather than an intellectual . 
  for example , if one of your friends/family said they felt they had little in common with fellow europeans in comparison to < insert english speaking people here  then you 're probably not going to be able to convince them otherwise . 
  because for many people it will be true , though my bias may be showing here , and it is a matter of perspective that is emotionally charged . 
  as you are on the pro-eu side you 're going to have to be prepared to suffer a disadvantage when the argument moves to emotional , often typically patriotic , spheres of discussion . 
  edit : actually the professional campaigns should also take this advice on board . 
  vote leave/britain stronger in europe pay attention . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  we , the uk , have already cherry picked . 
  we already have opt-outs , permanent opt-outs , from both schengen and the euro , key aspects in eu integration , which are legally recognised in eu treaties . 
  this statement that cameron is demanding is merely a weak attempt to prove to the british public that he 's achieved something . 
  something we already have . 
  that 's been the de facto accepted position of the uk for decades and other member states have recognised it as such . 
  this is simply stating something which is already the case . 
  i do n't why some people are freaking out over these demands . 
  they 're actually pretty weak compared to what most british eurosceptics/people want . 
  i 'm not sure that cameron knows he 's unleashed something that he ca n't control anymore . 
  he 's clearly going for a repeat of 1975 where the public will vote to stay in under a misapprehension , one encouraged by our politicians . 
  i just wish that they would campaign to stay in by explaining what the intention of the european project was , and is , and let that stand on its own merits before the british public . 
  they wo n't do that because they suspect that the british public wo n't support it and therefore they would be forced to leave the eu . 
  so we 'll be here again in a decade or so when more integration happens and the topic becomes controversial again . 
   essentially he 's negotiating for us to be `` half in/half out '' of the eu . 
  i 'd argue what 's the point ? 
  it 's because cameron sees this referendum as a way of placating his more eurosceptic party members and does n't actually care about deciding such things as the `` national destiny '' . 
  he wants it done quick and dirty . 
  true , these demands are far too weak to appease both the eurosceptic wing of the party and most of the sceptical british public . 
  how 's that eurozone integration going ? 
  you know the process that the uk is n't a part of but encourages eurozone members to do ? 
  he wants the uk to be excluded from the `` ever closer union '' part , nothing stopping the other members from proceeding towards that . 
   you 'll notice i only pointed out how unrealistic his expectation of everlasting nationalism is of course , i was just interested in talking about the eu 's place in global integration . 
   there was a time where the biggest community of people was a village . 
  eventually there were towns . 
  kingdoms . 
  countries . 
  now federations . 
  out of curiosity why should the uk chose this federation over supposed federations to come ? 
  in fact why bother with this intermediary stage of european federalisation and not skip to more global integration ? 
  and here i thought they would learn from the mistakes of the no campaign during the scottish referendum . 
  do n't tell the people you 're trying to win over that they 'll be shit without you . 
  he needs a better pr guy . 
  europe can have better relations with russia , the moment it stops undermining ukrainian territory and withdraws the forces it has there . 
  speaking as a brit , ca n't speak for you continental heathens , i wo n't support a move towards reconcilement without the above . 
  degaulle certainly did n't help but it 's only natural that the uk would associate more with the anglo-saxon world rather than the continent . 
  especially with the rise of better transport and , most importantly , the internet . 
  babel 2.0, 
  i think someone needs to read up on the uk . 
  haha , exactly . 
  that result has n't helped english-scottish relations at all . 
  `` pulling a scotland '' is what i shall now use for these scenarios . 
  i think you could * maybe * get away with including 16/17 year olds but the addition of eu nationals would be political suicide . 
  and i do n't think they should be included anyway . 
  my fear is that we 'll vote to stay in but under the delusion that we have won concessions and are in some kind of special economic arrangement and then continue to bitterly complain . 
  exactly , if we cared what other people thought then we would n't be having this referendum . 
  it 's likely to result in a lot of hurt feelings . 
  we do have a russian minority in london ... 
   i think anything other than the usual electorate for a ge will end up with shouts about bias entirely agree , i think it would be hard to argue for the extension of the referendum electorate towards any group without appearing to be bias/loading the die . 
  really ? 
  i 'll have to read up on that period , i did n't think the 1st british empire was that significant . 
   far-sighted observers were already predicting that the baton would soon pass from britain to the united states . 
  how curious , britain was n't the sole great power at this stage ( not until around 1815 and even that 's a bit early ) so how did they foresee a passing of batons when neither of those two nations held the `` baton '' at that time . 
  salty . 
   try to keep this off reddit and other similar sorts of things . 
  well , this did n't work out . 
  well they 're going through a period of withdrawal in europe ( slowed down a bit by russia 's resurgence ) and moving to engage more with asia . 
  i think they 're kinda exasperated that we ca n't take care of ourselfs atm , hence their support of eu integration . 
  if australia , canada and new zealand submitted once more you could just say the [ imperial federation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_federation ) ^ ^ ^ why ^ ^ ^ is n't ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ thing ? 
  and you would n't be cheating . 
  if we were trying to `` take you over '' why would we let you join the euro ? 
  you do n't have a choice , now get in the ~ ~ car ~ ~ union . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not really following what you 're talking about . 
  i do n't know tbh . 
  not something we ( english ) use . 
  i 'm english , i do n't have a vote at all . 
  besides the catalan and scottish issues are neatly paralleled so it would be hypocritical of me to support one but not the other . 
   this is all about economics this particular article is ( and by extension this topic ) but the entire conversation surrounding brexit and the reason for the uk 's difficulties with the eu is politically based . 
  the reason the remain campaign lost was because they thought it was all about the economy ,  the eu is significantly closer to the uk economically rather than the americans . 
  but of course , this has been a consistent trend since the uk joined the ecc and was the intent of successive british governments . 
  if the eu was n't significantly closer , economically , to the uk than america after 40 years of economic integration then i would be enormously surprised . 
   six months ago `` hard brexit '' was just called `` brexit '' . 
  shh , do n't tell anyone . 
  economically ?
