  good that the people who invented the technology we are currently conversing on were n't too busy fucking each other and raising legions of children . 
  yes , humans have deviated from their animalistic nature by not focusing entirely on breeding . 
  animals eat , breed and sleep because ( most ) have no higher intelligence , no consciousness that allows them to reflect upon the meaning of their lives and find their own purpose outside of creating copies of themselves . 
  i do not say that having children is good or bad but certainly there is nothing wrong with trying to find meaning or purpose outside of ceaseless reproduction . 
  maybe because children are a massive commitment that will ( for good or ill depending on your point of view ) become the focus of your life . 
  unless you do n't mind being a bad parent i guess . 
  how do you think everyone outside the eu feels ? 
  the more you tighten your grip , ~ ~ tarkin ~ ~ eu , the more ~ ~ star systems ~ ~ member states will slip through your fingers . 
  ah yes , that familiar phrase . 
   i think that is the crux of the matter . 
  to the germans , 1945 is a caesura . 
  there is before and there is after 45 . 
  before 45 , there was the competition of the european powers that led to the world wars . 
  after 45 there is peaceful coexistence , at least on the european level . 
  as i said at the end of my last comment , different lessons were learnt from the second world war which for both germany and the uk ( and many others ) was a landmark event . 
  for germany it was a sin which must be washed away , a time of shame and guilt . 
  the european project was the solution to germany 's place in europe and the world at large providing peaceful way to integrate germany into the european community . 
  for the uk it was the last , and most costly , in a long line of wars against a continental power attempting to achieve dominance over europe . 
  peace was secured and the uk was once more on the winning side , albeit with a weakened economy and declining empire . 
  the uk does n't feel any sense of guilt for that war nor does it see the eu as a guarantor of peace or democracy after that war . 
  the uk ( amongst others ) won that peace . 
   to the british that is a naive notion . 
  to them the competition between powers continues as before . 
  that 's why it 's so easy for the british to see the eu as `` the 4th reich , '' which even your current secretary of foreign affairs did n't hesitate to name in public . 
  needless to say that to germans this is highly offensive , but even to the rest of europe such talk does n't exactly endear the british to them . 
  i ca n't find where boris johnson made reference to the 4th reich , do you have a link ? 
  there 's a speech of his where he says the eu is another attempt to unify europe , in the vein of rome napoleon and hitler , but through different means but i ca n't find any reference to the no mention of the 4th reich . 
  there 's nothing factually wrong with what boris said in his speech . 
   to her , the post-war borders are sacrosanct and overcoming the division of europe is raison d'\u00e9tat . 
  i do n't think the germans are posturing but i do n't know what those in the negotiating positions believe . 
  certainly i think they will be attempting to garner support from scandinavian nations ( who are likeminded in matters of integration ) and eastern european nations ( who value military security ) . 
   the germans would n't have given up a third of their territory after the war that easily without the prospect that one day these borders would no longer matter . 
  this is slightly confusing . 
  i do n't have detailed knowledge of the post ww2 settlement but as far as i 'm aware germany did n't `` give up '' , implying voluntary action , those territories they were granted to countries by the victors ( in this particular case the soviets and communist polish government ) . 
  any claims on these territories were then renounced ( finally ) as a condition of german reunification in the 1990s . 
   that 's for example why the germans could n't believe it when thatcher armed a flotilla to free a small rock in the south atlantic . 
  it seemed like something anachronistic from the bad old days . 
  strange , that you would see the uk 's defence of a population which had been invaded by a military junta as a negative action . 
   i do regret brexit because i always felt culturally close to the british , but seeing that even after 40 years opinion has n't changed , i think that brexit is the only way forward , even it was an accident that was n't meant to happen . 
  i agree and would go further by saying that brexit , to me , seemed inevitable . 
   i think there was also a consolidated attempt to systematically deny the political benefits of the eu . 
  for example , i remember a series of articles a couple of years ago ( about the time the referendum was decided ) , that involved known historians ( nial furguson ? ), 
  and opinion leaders claiming that peace and stability in post-war europe had nothing to do with the eu but that it was entirely thanks to nato . 
  there are so many holes in that argument , that i wo n't spell it out here . 
  the aim clearly was to discredit the eu as a peace-project . 
  i think i remember these articles as well although i ca n't quite recall whether they said that the eu had no part to play in maintaining the peace in europe or whether it simply paid a part or , indeed , a small part . 
  were they reaction pieces towards the claim that the eu was sole guarantor of peace in europe or am i getting them confused with the articles in reaction to cameron 's ww3 speech ? 
  however , in this case i actually simply believe that in a rare moment the british ruling class and the public are of one mind in terms of the eu guaranteeing peace : both do n't believe that to be the case . 
  so rather than that being an example of deception in regards to the public and the eu it is more repeating the commonly held belief . 
  you mentioned the `` chicken and egg '' question earlier but in regards to the media shaping perception of the eu i 'm more inclined to think that papers ( and other media ) print stories that they know people are interested in/want to buy . 
   i think it is a mistake to think that the whole country or the whole establishment is driven by single motivation . 
  intentions are always complex , even in a single person , much more so in a community . 
  in the establishment , there may well be those who are in favor of the eu , but who want to keep it as weak as possible , to prevent a federal state , which has always been an objective of uk foreign policy . 
  of course , generalisations are deplorable but in these kinds of debates sweeping statements are required in order to conduct an efficient or realistically achievable debate . 
  i said earlier that the british establishment is overwhelmingly in favour of eu membership but , like you say , there are different motivations behind that . 
  two main groups can be identified , those who believe in the political future of the eu project but know the public wo n't agree with them ( your nick clegg or kenneth clarke ) and those who believe the political parts of the eu can be weakened or expelled ( your david cameron or george osborne ) . 
  it is the latter who wish to remain and prevent a federal state , something which the euro has made much more difficult . 
  i 'm glad you mentioned uk foreign policy because in many ways this situation is a continuation of a long struggle between the uk and the continent ( continental powers in the past ) which has thankfully become less bloody but is no less combative . 
   i think you underestimate the political establishment . 
  when they do want to sell something , like an idiotic invasion of iraq , they will sell it , no matter what it takes . 
  not at all , the iraq war was a single event in a far off theatre while european integration is a continuous process which both directly affects domestic matters and requires consistent emotional investment . 
  the eu arose out of the lessons learnt from ww2 but the uk learnt different lessons from that conflict ( or learnt nothing new at all ) and so does n't view the union in the same manner as say germany or france . 
  i was n't implying that british politicians were innocent , heaven forbid , but that their deceptiveness over the eu was to preserve membership rather than out of some malice towards the eu institutions . 
  the british `` establishment '' is overwhelmingly in favour of eu membership , hence suspicion over prevarication in regards to brexit , but they know what gets votes and public support and that is n't the political aspect of the eu . 
  naturally , i 'm speaking of the pro-eu politicians who have entirely focused on the economic benefits of eu membership while pretending the political elements are n't a concern or that they even exist at all . 
  the misunderstanding arises on the belief that if british politicians had spent our 40 years of membership extolling the political virtues of the eu then this issue would n't have arisen . 
  this is not true , they did n't sell it because the idea is n't sellable to the public . 
  therefore they misdirected and bargained . 
   i wonder whether continental europe would be up to the task of creating the `` les republicans '' and `` front national '' of rue de la loi . 
  i think european politics ( speaking on the supranational front ) is too consensus orientated to allow for the creation of adversarial politics which is present in the uk and the us ( to speak of a few ) which would allow for the creation of parties like `` les republicans '' . 
  i think british politicians are quite knowledgable about european politics but they also know that british public has no interest in letting them participate . 
  this is frequently missed or misunderstood by posters here and european commentators at large . 
  the british ruling class has known the eu is a political beast since the uk first joined but they have been selling it to the british public as an economical one for decades . 
  not for shits and giggles but because they know that a political eu is untenable to the ( majority ) of the british public . 
  british leaders have walking the tightrope between working with he political aspects of the eu while pretending that they were n't to the public or at least that they detested it . 
  you can only balance for so long . 
   i agree on principle , but do we really have the knowledge to understand the good and the bad of such text ? 
  if the constitution is too complex to be understood by most of the populace then it is n't suitable . 
  i 'm always careful round these parts . 
  wow . 
  now this kind of stuff is why i support hard brexit . 
  is it really inconceivable that people voted leave because they did n't believe in the european project ? 
   hat 's why they are so obsessed about eu law and that 's why they refused to take a greek haircut on the pretense that they were n't obliged to do so under british law , while all others had to take losses . 
  i 'm confused , what is this referring to ? 
  they could at least wait until the uk has left the eu before campaigning to rejoin , show some courtesy at least . 
  i 'm pretty sure the majority of the british public ( euro-sceptic and phile ) are in line with his thinking . 
  from the perspective of a malaysian though . 
  well , i would n't say they would be desperate to get a deal but they would be interested i think if only because brexit provides the best moment to get more terms in their favour before the uk government has adjusted and the markets settled . 
  my point was that malaysia would n't be high on the list of countries for the uk to achieve trade deals with . 
  his point was that the uk is bending over backwards for india , a significant market and a potential power player in the future ( regionally if not globally ) , as though that countered my point . 
  clearly it does n't . 
  this is n't difficult . 
  of course the uk would have a trade deal with malaysia if they were keen but it would hardly bend over backwards for them nor break down in tears if malaysia said `` fuck off '' . 
  now india on the other hand , yes the uk would go out of it 's way to get them to agree to closer trade ties . 
  this is the point of my original comment which is now being used as a springboard to try and launch into the classic `` uk will be bullied by it 's previous impoverished colonies , lol '' popular around these parts . 
  now politically and the emotionally the uk ( public ) is more invested in closer ties with the 5 eyes ( us , new zealand , canada , australia ) so a rejection from them would reduce the uk to tears but not malaysia ( no offence to our malaysian posters ) . 
  sorry , that happens when someone 's got an axe to grind . 
  india and malaysia are the same country ? 
  is india more politically and economically significant than malaysia ? 
  has india been mentioned more by commonwealth advocates than malaysia ?
