  sure , we all agreed there should be a referendum which is +1 for us but there were not only nice words to the scots , i can assure you of that . 
  towards the end of the debate the tone became very acrimonious with very similar language being directed at london as the catalonians direct at madrid . 
  in fact your point 2 ) was quite frequently directed at the scottish nationalists . 
  for a long time after the referendum there were ** scots ** who thought the vote had been rigged . 
  honestly the whole thing has made inter-home nation relationships worse . 
  true but i think the catalonians get less support from abroad then the scottish did , probably because spain is less disliked than perfidious albion . 
  every time i read the comment section on one of these threads i get terrible flashbacks to the scottish independence debate . 
  but you do belong to us ... well part of you . 
  catalonian independence is serious business bruh . 
   uk ( and for uk it 's only because of language factor ) . 
  i like how you have to qualify that . 
  it 's okay , / r/europe wo n't hate you for liking the uk . 
  you 're in a safe place . 
   is the conversation volume here representative of the conversation volume outside the internet ? 
  it 's been the top story on the news for weeks now and practically dominates the headlines so i would say that the volume on this subreddit is in line with that . 
  i sympathise with the people that find it irritating/disturbing to see a large amount of immigration topics but i ca n't agree to any large scale censorship . 
  it was a joke but if you want a serious answer then catalonia probably wo n't win any friends with the british government , or people , if it openly and frequently encourages scottish separatism . 
  not because it actually increases the chance of scottish independence but because it 's just irritating . 
  i think it would have been better to phrase it as `` if the uk continues to do as well as it was doing in the eu '' because that would remove the idea that the sky would fall if any nation left the eu . 
  a dangerous precedent . 
  ukip should hire you for the out campaign . 
  if you want our support you 're going to have to stop encouraging scotland . 
  i was thinking more paying bills , holidays etc. 
  most brits , and other europeans for that matter , have little understanding of the eu 's inner workings nor any opinion of giving meps the power of legislative initiation . 
  perhaps a blow to eu confidence in terms of dispelling the idea that it is the destiny of the continent . 
  or it might remove an obstacle to further eu integration but i honestly believe that the uk is not the sole wrench that prevents closer integration . 
  i doubt most of the populace know what meps or commissioners are . 
  that would make sense but the uk is not really checking german influence at the moment . 
  our current policy on the eu seems to be `` do what you want but leave us the fuck alone . '', 
  it 's partly because the eu is a convenient scapegoat and also represents our dissatisfaction with our own government . 
  the other part is due to a national identity crisis where we 're not quite sure which direction we want the country to go . 
  it would take time to relocate from london to anywhere to be frank . 
  sure , companies might do it but it will be over a long period of time . 
  i always thought russia fit that role , minus the benign polite part of course . 
  they are a large country where the winters are harsh with a sparse population , considering its size . 
  sounds just like canada . 
  do you buy weapons because you want to use them or do you use them because you bought them ? 
  i think it 's pretty obvious that it 's the former . 
   only the atlantic in between ...  well it 's only across the pond . 
   we should all just hope to have as many countries politically close or united as possible . 
  no ones culture or heritage needs to be taken away but cooperation benefits us all and protects from major conflicts . 
  sure , world unity has been the goal of humanity for a while now but that does n't stop there being better synchronisation between certain groups of nations . 
  this all really depends upon what the eu is meant to be , a rival to the us or an ally . 
  perhaps we 'll eventually see north america and europe merge into a closer `` western '' block . 
  actually , i was threatening the rest of the eu . 
  i 'm not quite sure that is the case seeing as most comments from commonwealth governments are in support of our eu membership . 
  now of course that is most likely due to our government asking them to do so but the out campaign will have to demonstrate that there is an alternative out there and an attractive one . 
  there 's more truth in this then you know . 
  they all speak english ( of a sort ) , similar legal system , sunny beaches etc. 
  sure it 's a different political scene but that 's mainly because the political scene is dominated by the question of an independent scotland . 
  the eu referendum could lead to another independence referendum hence why the debate will be very different in scotland . 
  is the concept of independence simply cutting out the `` middle man '' it terms of entrusting foreign affairs and defence to the eu rather than the uk ? 
  ireland is a hostage . 
  nobody do anything stupid or paddy gets it . 
  i 'm sure many members of the public believe in the ideal of the eu , although obviously that varies from member state to member state , but their governments certainly have a cynical approach to the eu where there is haggling etc. 
  shhh man , stop ruining my edge . 
  ha , that analogy fits quite well then . 
  still , even if they perform well , if they are not enthusiastic then they should be fired ? 
  not a lot of people are exactly keen on their jobs , seems like you would lose a lot of people that way . 
  of course , we 're one of the more powerful members whose native language is the lingua franca of the eu so naturally our voice will be the loudest when dissenting . 
  interesting , i 'm sure the scottish campaign will be quite different , if only because it directly relates to the independence debate , but i ' not sure if scotland is quite heavily pro-eu or just * more * pro-eu than the ruk . 
  do you know what the general pro-indie supporters opinion towards greater eu integration is ? 
  logic would dictate that they would be against it but then the debate up there generally confuses me . 
  out of curiosity what does `` not motivated '' mean here ? 
  that they do n't obey the rules or that they are not enthusiastic about their work ? 
  i have n't decided which way i will vote but i can certainly say the negotiations will have no affect on my eventual decision . 
  it is simply a performance put on by the uk government to persuade the undecided or uninformed . 
  the problem is that most , if not all , of the british public view the eu as a pseudo-business arrangement rather than an ideological cause/crusade . 
  we do n't view it as a guarantor of democracy/liberty or as a form of redemption for past misdeeds . 
  this is why we continually negotiate for the best deal . 
  i understand your frustration but then i do n't think most other members of the eu act any differently , although a great deal pretend to . 
  yes , him and heseltine will probably be the most acceptable benchmark of europhilia in the campaign . 
  however , i was referring less to individuals and more to the multitude of in/out campaign groups . 
  no groups official position will be `` stay in the eu and march onwards with our european brethren to a united states of europe ... '' etc. 
  it will be a very half-hearted affair . 
  something i , personally , find to be a shame . 
  probably quiet them down for a couple of years but will probably resurge as the eu goes through further inevitable changes in the near future . 
  frankly , the eurozone will have to continue along a different path/speed than the rest of the eu and the uk is distanced enough from the core group that we 're essentially as removed from the eu as we can be without leaving it . 
  this . 
  the debate is going to shape up as deciding how much the british public dislikes the eu , ranging from intense hatred to mild irritation . 
  no one 's going to be arguing a real europhile position . 
   because they 're protected by the us nuclear umbrella . 
  the british nuclear deterrent was developed because it was n't certain that the us would respond to a soviet nuclear strike on western europe alone . 
  with a british deterrent the soviets could be sure that any attack would receive a proportionate response . 
  has the netherlands considered joining the uk ? 
  considering the similarity of opinions . 
   except ireland , even though it 's the one with whom the shared the most history , and until fairly recently at that . 
  we do n't want to antagonise them . 
  any mention of similarities will get them panicking about us reabsorbing them . 
   yet if you say they are not real europeans and feel detached from us , they get all touchy and downvote you to hell . 
  only we can say we 're not real europeans , tis not for outsiders to decide . 
  i never said british nationalism was a good thing merely that scottish nationalism is no different from any other . 
  in fact british nationalism is more negatively perceived , by the whole uk population , than scottish nationalism . 
  i 'm merely noting this double standard . 
   i do n't think this is a half-way situation , you should either be in , or out . 
  i agree entirely with this sentiment . 
  i have n't decided which way i 'm going to vote yet but i want this referendum to be about the direction of the uk , its national destiny if you will . 
  ha , more like a very tired unionist . 
  the part in brackets was a joke but the actual sentiment that scots care more about community , and people in general , than the english was a frequently repeated idea throughout the independence referendum . 
  scottish nationalism is just like any other nationalism , i am perplexed as to why people treat it differently .
