  trust . 
   instead of looking at the world as one continent , we look at this one continent as if it was the entire world . 
  that is a nice turn of phrase . 
  accurate too . 
   we think of ourselves as american ... sort of , but being american does n't mean anything . 
   we dont ' see ourselves as a cohesive group working towards a shared goal or belief like japan does or sweden used to . 
  that sounds like a lot of nations . 
  they 're all composed of individuals told some history stories to encourage a sense of unity of `` sameness '' . 
  you think brits and frenchmen feel that they 're working towards a shared goal ? 
  of course they do n't , that 's the natural result of societies that treasure individual autonomy . 
   i do think a lot of people have been recently suggesting that there is some kind of uniform `` europeanness '' that makes it incompatible with islam . 
  however , i 'm also not a fan of that argument yes , it 's a necessary fiction for the sake of unified action but a difficult argument to make . 
  the `` europeanness '' which some have identified is either white and christian ( which could be applied to many other nations around the world ) or based around shared values ( which most of the western world shares ) . 
  the problem lies in that many of the arguments that are used to create the idea of a common identity between say a brit and a bulgarian could easily be applied to other peoples outside europe . 
  a brit probably has the same amount in common with a bulgarian that he does with a south african or a argentinian etc. 
  distasteful race arguments aside . 
  indeed , the usa , like many other colonial nations ( canada , australia , brazil etc. 
  ) , is a nation composed of immigrants with a unifying identity : to be american/us citizen . 
  let 's crack out some metaphors : there can be irish americans , greek americans , chinese americans , african americans etc. 
  but they are all flavours added to the same main dish . 
  whatever their roots they are now all american and eventually so removed from their `` flavours '' that most do n't know a thing about their ancestral home . 
  what is the european identity ? 
  the baseline , the main dish ? 
  when these immigrants are settled and integrated into their host eu nations what will make them syrian-europeans rather than syrian-germans or syrian-danish etc. 
  i agree with your premise but not your conclusion . 
  if the uk stays then eventually the only way to maintain the necessary influence will eventually involve agreeing to greater integration , euro membership or whatever . 
  something i do n't think the british public would sign on for and a two speed eu is merely a delaying tactic not a permanent solution to the british problem with eu integration . 
  so then we would have an integrated eu block with the uk in the peripheral but still constrained within a slightly more privileged norway position . 
  if the uk is determined not to follow the integrationist path , necessitated by the eurozone , then it may be better to make a clean break now . 
  i do n't think those examples are particularly optimistic . 
  more realistic than yours i think . 
  i would n't hazard to predict 20 years into the future let alone 50 . 
  we 'll be having separatist movements in our moon colonies . 
   you 'll never get your empire back , you 'll end being in position of the one taiwan has in relations with china , if eu is there to stay . 
  it would probably be closer to the japan-china ( without hostility ... hopefully ) or the us-canada relationship . 
  what ? 
  i thought everyone was voting to leave because they wanted to watch the world burn , introduce a little anarchy . 
  we just call the french revolution `` the french revolution '' . 
  do you guys call it `` the great revolution '' or `` the great french revolution '' ? 
   previously it was reported that india would push for easier/free movement of peoples into the u.k. 
  i believe the desire was a relaxation of visa restrictions on indian students and business men . 
  free movement of people was n't suggested . 
  i think you 'll find there are a fair few pro-indy supporters who believe that they would continue eu membership automatically . 
  as to being fast tracked , sure i think it more than likely but in political terms what is `` fast tracked '' ? 
  2 or 3 years i think . 
  and that 's assuming that scotland is n't having their own protracted independence negotiations and establishing the proper organs for full governance . 
  the issue is n't about vetoing scotland 's re-entry into the eu it is the vetoing scotland 's continuous membership of the eu upon independence . 
  it must apply to rejoin . 
  this worthless debate over whether spain would veto * entry * into the eu distracts from the actual issue . 
  i think the word you 're looking for is `` orientated '' rather than `` pro '' . 
  r/unitedkingdom is certainly and unsurprisingly uk orientated but it certainly is n't pro-uk , not right now . 
   just like how / r/unitedkingdom is totally not biased towards uk . 
  have you ever visited r/unitedkingdom ? 
  maybe they 'll want us to incorporate the maple leaf in the top left quadrant of our flag . 
  i expected comments about scotland being forgotten . 
  i was not disappointed . 
  if they fail then we go out unless the eu members extend it . 
  it 's a political manoeuvre on two fronts . 
  1 ) it extends the original debate of remain vs leave beyond the original debate . 
  the stereotypical depictions of `` soft '' brexit is essentially eea membership , a satellite state of the eu or `` all pay and no say '' as was frequently acknowledged during the referendum campaign . 
  `` hard '' brexit is in reality brexit . 
  the mistake that people make is separating economic relationships from political ones . 
  to preserve the current economic relationship of the uk to the rest of europe is to preserve the essence of the political relationship . 
  2 ) more importantly the words themselves are meant to make one option more attractive than the other . 
  `` hard '' is extreme , rough , difficult , damaging etc. 
  `` soft '' is lovely and cuddly . 
  i think it could be phrased that people are perplexed that a union which has been in place for 40 years is being prioritised over one that has been in place for 300 years . 
  * no returns after product has been used . 
  power ~ ~ rangers ~ ~ brexiteers !, 
  `` hard '' clearly was n't a sufficiently scary adjective . 
  it 's now upgraded to `` ultra '' . 
  this `` hard '' and `` soft '' brexit stuff was a great political manoeuvre . 
  will there be a referendum on the terms of scottish independence ? 
  i assume that you voted no to independence in 2014 but brexit has changed your opinion ? 
   though that 's really getting into conspiracy territory . 
  not really , seems a likely strategy . 
   trade relationships can , and have changed to political realities . 
  just because it is the way it is now , does not mean it must stay that way . 
  besides , would n't the uk want a ( somewhat ) sympathetic iscotland in europe arguing its arguments for it ? 
  i wish someone would say this to all those talking about the uk 's share of trade with the eu . 
  do n't the eea countries have less say in the drafting of legislation ? 
  does n't that reduce scotland 's influence ? 
  very true , if they voted for independence i dare say that r/unitedkingdom would be pleased . 
  yep , prepare for england to be branded a ~ ~ fascist ~ ~ tory hellhole . 
  `` scotland 's just a more kind and caring place than england ... not that they are unkind and uncaring ... ^ ^ maybe . '', 
  i believe his plan for brexit or `` flexcit '' is more in favour of a gradual exit , a soft brexit followed by hard . 
  naturally may 's stance does n't match his plan . 
  you did n't need to repeat most of that as a great deal does n't address my point . 
  i do n't think spain would veto scottish entry into the eu but would veto scotland inheriting the uk 's membership and therefore not having to apply to rejoin . 
  this sets the precedent for seceding regions to automatically gain eu membership upon independence from an eu member . 
  in international law it is a matter of continuator and successor states . 
  quite clearly upon independence scotland would be the successor state while the ruk would be the continuator or predecessor state . 
  if scottish independence occurs before the conclusion of brexit negotiations then naturally the ruk maintains the ( soon the be renounced ) eu membership while scotland , as the successor state , would not . 
  an application for eu membership would have to be made . 
  if scottish independence occurs after brexit negotiations have concluded then neither scotland or the ruk possess eu membership . 
  an application for eu membership would have to be made . 
  these two blog posts are quite an interesting summary of the nuance and difficulties surrounding the issue of scotland inheriting eu membership : http://europeanlawblog.eu/2013/02/15/scottish-independence-a-question-of-international-law-or-of-the-eus-new-legal-order-part-i/ http://europeanlawblog.eu/2013/02/15/scottish-independence-a-question-of-international-law-or-of-the-eus-new-legal-order-part-ii/ i do n't think scotland 's eu application would be at the back of the queue , indeed i think it would be fast tracked but `` fast '' in regards to these matters often means years if only a couple . 
  especially as the newly independent scotland would be busy organising the details of its own secession from the uk . 
  have you seen r/unitedkingdom ? 
  we do n't even like ourselves .
