  probably just that . 
  my gut instinct was canada but with their pm just recently supporting remain i thought it unlikely . 
  france seemed like the surprise dark horse choice . 
  i ca n't recall what canada has said outside of trudeau 's recent comments . 
  yeah , not the best deflection i 've seen . 
  i wonder whose finance ministers supported brexit , maybe france ? 
   the g7 's japanese host , finance minister taro aso , said on friday that some of his counterparts supported a british exit - a remark quickly retracted by his staff . 
  this is going to raise the price of tinfoil . 
   `` it 's not a threat but our relations will no longer be what they are today . '', 
  thanks ~ ~ captain ~ ~ president obvious . 
   i do n't know what a ` united states of europe ' is . 
  so i ca n't answer that question . 
  i will say that , on principle , i have nothing against states that are n't based on nationalism . 
  having said that , i have no idea if that applies to the concept of `` united states of europe '' . 
  he means a federal eu with a european government in charge of foreign affairs , defence , tax raising etc. 
  his point at the end about sharing power is a valid one but i feel like this program and the debate as a whole misses the crucial factor . 
  who do you want to share power with ? 
  i can concede that smaller nations will do better if they act in concert or unite but surely the implication of this brexit debate is the some brits do n't want to share power with the other eu members . 
  they do n't feel the connection with other eu citizens which would alleviate the concerns of being outvoted in european matters . 
  look at the scottish independence debate . 
  those in favour of independence were unhappy at scotland being outvoted by england in deciding national governments . 
  viewed as a block of scottish voters they would indeed be outvoted but viewed as simply british citizens their votes are worth the same as any other . 
  these organisations die when commonality is lost . 
   i 've heard numerous brits saying that they 're interested in something like a new commonwealth . 
  if brits would prefer that then they should be able to try ( might even spark some competition between the eu ) . 
  yeah , that often comes up and i would n't be opposed to it myself but i do n't think it 's realistic at this stage . 
  the pm of canada has just announced support for remain and other commonwealth leaders have done the same . 
  i 'm quite convinced that the us would n't allow such a move to be frank as any such organisation that included canada but did n't include the us would be anathema to them ( and maybe the canadians too ) . 
  geopolitics aside i think it would be easier to fabricate the social cohesion with those nations due to linguistic and historical ties in comparison to the eu but this simply is n't on the table for our overlords . 
  all that said , i do n't particularly have a problem with eu integration but some of the arguments in favour for it do clash somewhat . 
  i do n't know if you 've been following the brexit debate in british media but generally the eu is presented as internationalist and outward looking when i would argue that it 's actually quite regional . 
  sure there 's a diversity of nations within the eu but they are still centred around one area of the globe and it prioritises this area . 
  see the common refrains of pro-integrationists/federalists ( most recently on paxman 's `` who really rules us ? '' ), 
  that we need to stick together to defend our interests against china , russia and the usa . 
  the eu just wants to be another player in this great game not some great global unity movement , it would n't be called the `` european '' union otherwise . 
  this irritates me to no end . 
  more importantly , i 'm concerned that by the time any serious eu integration occurs it would simply be easier to unite the entire `` west '' as it were then to simply limit the group to europe alone . 
  essentially even if the eu is a stepping stone we may have already reached the stage where we can skip that stone . 
  if that is not the case then we should ask ourselves which intermediate group we want to be a part of while we await further consolidation if that further consolidation even occurs . 
  wow , that was longer than i wanted it be . 
  i 'm pretty sure that a lot of these actors do huge amounts of work in the usa ... . but power to them i suppose . 
   hey if you do n't like this neighborhood , there 's allays america , canada , australia , south africa , new zealand , etc. 
  england has a very good history of disposing of those who have a problem with the establishment and want to change things . 
  that is ... by rope or by boat . 
  do you mean that the uk should choose to ally with these states or that i should be exiled to them ? 
  i 'm assuming the latter as that last sentence implies , very charmingly . 
  anyway , i assure you there are large amounts of brits who probably would prefer to be closer to some of the states you mentioned but hilariously they 're all telling us to stay in . 
  unfortunately this debate will carry on cropping up even if the referendum is won for remain . 
  the necessary reforms for the eurozone will require treaty change which will be pursued after the german and french elections , if there are n't major upsets there , and likely trigger more ferocious debate over the uk 's role in the eu . 
  our position is n't sustainable and public opinion has always been consistently against further integration , i do not say that is a good or bad thing but it is the truth . 
  it looks like you need to vent so carry on . 
  i hope the mods do n't remove your post , it is a treat . 
  i 'm not so bothered by them being annoyed at our opposition to greater integration ( that is the purpose of the club after all ) but our government is arguing on economic variables and has no intention of winning the public round to the ideological and political aspects of the eu . 
  blame them , angry federalists , if we 're still a stick in the mud after this . 
  although , tbh we 're clearly not the largest obstacle towards progress otherwise the eurozone would be doing fine by now . 
  the problem is that those values are also shared by a lot of `` western '' states , canada to name just one . 
  there is no distinguishing `` european '' feature which makes this collection of states uniquely united , aside from geography . 
   i hope they will either remain and then stop making obstacles yeah ... that 's not going to happen . 
   you ca n't expect to throw a cunty secessionist tantrum that will cost us dearly , and have it all as if nothing ever happened . 
  so when will it be okay to leave ? 
  if the further integration occurs , a la federal eurozone , and we have another `` cunty secessionist tantrum '' will we still get flak ? 
  huh , did n't know this was a thing . 
  it would be nice if you could expand your answer if only for the sake of education . 
  well , i think the graph is simplifying but the step from a fiscal union to a political union is not a very large one . 
  i think the general assumption is that when the `` money '' so to speak is integrated/federalised then those things will follow naturally . 
  the power of the purse . 
  a very interesting article and a refreshing break from the economic articles that have been posted mostly . 
  the position of simms is an interesting one but i 'm unsure as to how damaging a brexit would be to the eu . 
  on one hand we 're told that it will cripple the organisation and on the other that we 'll be bullied and crushed by this powerful group , who is being more pessimistic in this scenario ? 
  regardless if simms believes that we will inevitably leave ( something i might be inclined to agree with ) then if now is n't the best time for the eu what if later is n't the best time for the uk ? 
  if the difficulties of extracting ourselves from 40 years worth of treaties/legislation are daunting now then surely the difficulty of that task increases as more time goes by ? 
  because it will have a direct and massive impact on our relationship with the eu and our influence upon it . 
  they constantly disparage the `` norway option '' yet the path we are on right now leads exactly to a glorified version of that . 
  terrible examples boris , just terrible . 
  who is writing these speeches ? 
  however , his main point is n't strictly incorrect :  `` but fundamentally what is lacking is the eternal problem , which is that there is no underlying loyalty to the idea of europe . 
  there is no single authority that anybody respects or understands . 
  that is causing this massive democratic void . '' still better than the remain campaign which refuses to even acknowledge that the desired end goal of the eu is a superstate/federal eu . 
  i personally would n't mind a federal eu , providing it was done right , but the remain campaign are n't even attempting to address this issue because they know the public wo n't back it . 
  instead here we are with another economic message that wo n't do anything to quell the ongoing british problem with the eu . 
  we 'll probably be doing this again in 10 years or less when more treaties are needed to be passed . 
  yep because britain was the only one that ruled countries with `` brown people '' . 
  8 points from popular vote ? 
  voting out . 
  not worth it . 
  does an australian win count as a win for us ? 
  according to google : japan : 377,944 km \u00b2 british isles : 315,159 km \u00b2 france : 643,801 km \u00b2 spain : 504,645 km \u00b2 so it 's big but it 's not that big . 
  shhh , we 've got to keep it under wraps until we 're ready . 
  not enough gunboats yet ... 
   do you miss the empire ? 
  no ... i do n't miss it at all . 
  * tear rolls down cheek *, 
  any father ted impressions/references ? 
   except for french . 
  good man . 
  i thought it was english ... 
  decided in the same way the usa or canada or australia handle ( legal ) immigration , a point system . 
  based on which sectors of the economy require more workers and what skills the applicant has . 
  how do you guys decide who enters spain from outside the eu ? 
  portugal can not catch a break .
