   i think you 're misunderstanding why people support independence . 
  you 're denying that nationalism has anything to do with scottish independence ? 
  with the desire for an independent scottish nation ? 
  laughable . 
  the very fact that scots see themselves and wish to be treated as a separate group within the uk rather than individual british citizens is nationalism . 
  perhaps you think nationalism can only be expressed through racist ethnic preference ? 
   there was a reason why everyone who lived in scotland had a right to vote in the 2014 referendum no matter where you had been born . 
  yes , there was . 
  a legal reason . 
  there is no such thing as scottish citizenship hence residency was used as a prerequisite for voting rights in the scottish referendum . 
  shush you , where do you think you are ? 
  this is r/europe !, 
   however , i still think anyone who believes the eu will make scotland 's continued eu membership anything other than , well , continuous is just wrong , we look at the issue in entirely different ways . 
  in no reality will scotland maintain eu membership . 
  a relatively quick entry process sure , 2 or 3 years perhaps , but not continuous membership . 
  the ruk would be the inheritor state so to speak in terms of legal membership of various international bodies while scotland would start fresh . 
  spain in particular would object to scotland seceding from the uk and moving directly into eu membership , it would directly contradict what they have been telling catalonian separatists . 
  how else could the referendum result be interpreted ? 
  people often talk of how the wishes of the 48 % should be taken into account but how can that be when the wish of a large part of the 48 % is that the 52 % do n't get theirs ? 
  you ca n't offer compensation to the losing side by taking away the winner 's gold . 
  pay as you go , seems to be the best solution . 
  there is no joking about geographical names , this is no laughing matter !, 
  ^ ^ british ^ ^ isles ^ ^ rulez, 
  despite the largest population being germanic in culture ? 
  i was expecting some reference to the `` british isles '' in the comments . 
  i was not disappointed . 
  i see . 
  i was just more surprised that anyone was taking the commonwealth 2.0 suggestion as a real possibility . 
   oh also we are facing down the `` commonwealth 2.0 '' , and it 's import taxation . 
  the only thing that sucks is this would involve cozying up with the america of the east russia whose people are great , but whose politicians are notorious for being difficult . 
  did someone say `` commonwealth '' ? 
  seriously though what is this paragraph talking about ? 
  reasonable post . 
  -5 downvoted . 
  what is happening in this thread ? 
  this may be a joke but in some sense it 's true . 
  just as it is dangerous for the eu to not have a middling neighbouring power not under its sway . 
  a well written piece . 
  the more i read about macmillan the more distasteful i find him . 
  indeed , it seems as though it was a binary choice despite protestations to the contrary :  churchill had , during the campaign , wanted the commonwealth to be somehow bound into any new european structures , but the notion was given a chilly response by both european and commonwealth leaders . 
  shush . 
  stop talking sense . 
  she keeps on sending the papers to me but neither of us have signed . 
   people who do n't ~ ~ want ~ ~ need to study other languages . 
  ftfy . 
  where have i seen that before ? 
  number 1 is very much on the mark . 
  people who passionately debate a subject ( especially politics ) make others feel uncomfortable . 
  put some effort in . 
  she 's just using you to hurt me . 
  scottish wife you mean . 
  and it 's not an open relationship . 
  it strengthens the mind and body . 
  nuclear armaggedon for * the * rock . 
  it 's quite strange when you think how the essence of each side 's strategy has n't changed over the centuries . 
  everyone often posts that `` yes , minister '' clip where humphrey outlines british foreign policy towards the continent but there is a a long history of encouraging unrest in scotland or allying with scotland against england ( the auld alliance ) . 
  whenever brexit negotiations and trade agreements are discussed i 'm weirdly reminded of the continental system . 
  do n't be silly , you 're not a meat shield . 
  you 're a corridor . 
  and the eu will attempt to divide the uk ( i.e. 
  scotland ) during brexit talks but fortunately one union is composed of more voices than the other . 
  a scottish independence article voted up on r/europe ? 
  shocking . 
  i do n't think the eu wants to go down that road . 
  an essentially hostile , cold war esque , relationship with the uk . 
  what area ? 
  you mean the earth ? 
  [ i have an even better perspective . 
  ] ( http://www.universetoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/earth-view-from-apollo-11-e1417484754326.jpg ), 
   he eu can categorise russia as other and illiberal and undemocratic and to some extent ignore russia 's feelings about the eu , but it can not really do that with the uk . 
  do n't underestimate the power of narratives . 
  the uk is already being characterised as racist , isolationist , populist etc. 
  the demonisation has begun , at least on reddit . 
  the official narrative can simply use british exceptionalism as an explanation for brexit . 
  this is a refreshing thread . 
  the maxim this sub lives by . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 've had scottish pms ... . 
  we do have a particular talent for forming nations through adversity and we are starting a war ... . a trade war . 
  perhaps i should add an / s to my original comment . 
  shush you . 
  and obama had no ulterior motives for saying he would give the uk a bad deal ? 
  thankfully the eu and particularly eu federalists are above such things . 
  but i say i 'm british ... 
  how so ? 
  in my original post i said that children are a commitment which requires a lot of sacrifice . 
  presumably you agreed with this but then went off on a tangent about individualism and consumerism etc. 
  and how people were deviating from their animal nature in a negative respect . 
  i view our progression away from just being concerned with animal tendencies to be a positive light . 
  i make no judgement about whether having children or not having children is good or bad . 
   i talk about the people who have no interest in having children because of selfishness and lack of maturity , not because it stops them from doing something , which is just a cheap excuse . 
  having children does stop you doing things . 
  it 's whether you mind that or prefer doing things with your children which makes having children a positive or negative thing . 
  the very fact that you highlight `` selfishness '' shows that you agree that raising children is a large sacrifice . 
  to be a good parent requires putting your children first , doing things you do n't want to or not doing things you want to . 
  if people would n't be happy with children , if they thought they were a burden , then it would be best if they did n't have children . 
  for the child 's sake especially . 
  yeah , the impression i get of merkel is that she 's a survivor not a visionary . 
  a manager not a leader . 
  do n't `` oh geez '' me . 
  you 're the one that seems to struggle with reconciling individual achievement and other interests ( you know those things that drive invention ) with pumping out children .
