   frankly , should they vote to leave the eu they should just give up and join the us as four new states . 
  if that was offered as an alternative it would probably win . 
  well then , i guess i 'm disappointed . 
  all i wanted was a clean in or out of the eu but all i get is more fudge . 
  it seems this debate will be quite unsatisfactory . 
  also de gaulle was a difficult bastard at the best of times . 
  churchill was probably sore tempted to choose hitler instead of de gaulle on occasion . 
  cameron 's demands are less targeted at real reform and more about giving the impression that the uk is being listened to . 
  it 's entirely composed of theatricalities aimed at placating the public . 
  yeah , that 's the way to win the referendum . 
  make it look like the continent is threatening the uk with hell and damnation . 
  christ , it 's not like the out campaign needs the gift of ww2 parallels or anything ... 
  as far as i understand the eu commission is responsible for ensuring that members abide by the criteria necessary for membership . 
  this includes a certain level of freedom of speech , rule of law etc. 
  so this probably comes under that jurisdiction . 
   this entire out movement has been nothing but ignorant nationalistic bluster from the very start . 
  this campaign is going to be fun . 
  well , its more like he hinted it would be in 2016 rather than confirmed it . 
  this is very tempting ...   northern ireland  a new florida . 
  lol , you 've won my vote . 
  why not ? 
  we 're good at ~ ~ banking ~ ~ blackjack and the others can provide the hookers . 
  but in all seriousness i was n't referring to a second attempt at the original efta idea , it did n't work now and it wo n't work then . 
  as much as it pains me to reference sound bites but what i 'm referring to is the `` global world '' that the outers occasionally bark out . 
  if we are n't likely to join a federal eu then we need to start putting our eggs in a few different baskets and start weaving a couple of baskets of our own rather than concentrating on one . 
  i 'm not even sure the two tier europe , which technically already exists , will be the answer to our problem . 
  as the eurozone inevitably moves towards a federalised block it will necessitate a reorientation of the uk global position or we will become , in effect , a satellite nation to the continental block : something the uk as tried to avoid for centuries . 
  as you said it is highly unlikely that we will ever join a federalised european union so it 's probably best that we leave soon and attempt to join/build/develop another block that is more suitable or at least more palatable for the british public . 
  the best argument that the out group has is that there is no status quo . 
  probably latter half of 2016 , say august or november , or the early months of 2017 . 
  ca n't leave it too late in 2017 otherwise it conflicts with german and french elections . 
  promise you 'll spell aluminium correctly and we 've got a deal . 
  i 'm somewhat confused by some of the replies in this thread , and from some eu members , that they think sharing open borders with other nations does n't require sharing border protection as well . 
  i mean fair enough if you do n't want to cede control of your border security but you should probably leave schengen as well . 
  and this is coming from a brit , the mecca of euroscepticism . 
  the uk is n't part of schengen so why would we need to give up border control ... ? 
  the scottish referendum has prepared us for an endless and repetitive debate leading up to a referendum . 
  it 's a slow burn . 
  it has a relatively nice flag . 
  here 's the original yougov article which has more details on the poll and some other interesting information : https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/11/27/eu-standing-army/, 
  usually any progress towards integrated defence , or any form of integration for that matter , requires an external enemy or a `` bogeyman '' . 
  the most popular candidate was russia but i suspect isis would be a more likely catalyst than our neighbourhood bear . 
  the part i 'm more curious about is this :  the daily telegraph newspaper reported in september that german chancellor angela merkel expects david cameron to support moves to create the force in exchange for renegotiations on welfare spending and immigration . 
  `` if you want favours , you have to give favours , '' a berlin source reportedly told the paper . 
  i 'm assuming this just means that the uk would withdraw any objections to an eu army , for lack of a better term , rather than buy our participation . 
  the first option does n't make much sense considering that i think under lisbon any group of eu members can , at any moment , decide to integrate their armed forces : it 's not something that requires unanimous approval . 
   the yougov survey found that 36 per cent actively supported a permanent multi-national force drawn from all the bloc 's nations , compared to only 29 per cent who opposed such a move . 
  a large number of people , 21 per cent , said they did not know whether they would support such an army , however . 
  there 's a breitbart article that addresses this point but factually the independent is correct in saying that a 1/3 of those polled support a eu army . 
  however , you are correct in saying that this does n't mean much in practice . 
  just thought it was an interesting result . 
  edit : [ here 's ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/11/27/eu-standing-army/ ) the original yougov article which notes that the the undecideds are 36 % rather than 21 % . 
   in research conducted for the first conference of the yougov centre for public opinion research at polis , cambridge university , 36 % of british people say they would support the idea , 29 % would be opposed and 36 % do n't know or have no feelings either way . 
  the article also mentions support for freedom of movement with the usa in comparison to the eu so it 's likely he is referring to that . 
  yeah , it 's not quite correct to refer to this as `` commonwealth '' free movement . 
  although i suppose it could be seen as referring to the `` old commonwealth '' or `` white commonwealth '' . 
  it 's strange how the uk has a large discrepancy between the confirmed and the speculated numbers of isis fighters . 
  yes , everyone is aware that the attacks happened because daesh is being bombed by france/uk but the question of this article is why the perpetrators were mostly native born french/british citizens . 
  people whose only connection towards daesh was their religion rather than the family , friends , cultural , linguistic etc. 
  connections they had to their home nations . 
  this article , like many before it , is attempting to understand the reasons as to why these native terrorists chose to become so and how they were estranged from western society . 
  its answer is rather simplistic and all too full of the regular cliches that are common in these types of articles but the subject it addresses is related to but different from your point . 
  i know , it sounds like a simple choice but here we are after years of kicking the can further down the road . 
  the eu/eurozone member states have an unlimited capacity for procrastination . 
   not saying europe has to do it , but it works fine here . 
  i think it is fast becoming obvious that the eurozone will have to do something similar . 
  the problem lies in the fact the more prosperous members are far more reluctant and less at ease with propping up the struggling eurozone members than their american equivalents . 
   if the uk stays , the process will drag out longer and any hope for a `` fixed '' eu is gone i 'm confused by this belief that seems quite common around here that the uk is the only factor , or indeed the major factor , holding back integration . 
  how do you look at the eurozone crisis , where greater integration is thwarted by the the idea of financial transfers , or the migrant crisis , where a unified border guard/common asylum system is struggling to be implemented in the schengen area , and think the uk is the spanner in the works in those scenarios . 
  at most the uk has been an unhelpful observer in both these existential issues . 
  i wonder if perhaps the uk is the great federalist bogyman that once removed from the equation will reveal a far more widespread problem with eu integration . 
  it 's probably because having a common language/form of communication is vital towards creating the european `` demos '' necessary for further integration . 
  therefore federalists will naturally support the adoption of a single language for pre-eminence in eu dealings , not that english is n't already the de facto eu language . 
  and that is why you fail . 
   merkel is n't that keen of having a directly elected , more powerful president either , by the way . 
  yes , it is often forgotten that merkel tried to prevent the spitzenkandidaten last ep elections but had her arm twisted . 
  she 'll probably use cameron/brexit negotiations to prevent it this time while appearing to support it . 
  yeah ... cameron is going to veto this . 
  be prepared for a wave of immigration from the uk that would put the current syrian crisis to shame . 
  and that 's exactly why the in campaign wo n't go for it . 
  if you campaigned for eu membership on a platform of the idea of european solidarity/unity/brotherhood and integration into a federal body then you would quickly lose the referendum debate . 
  i may be misreading the british public but i believe that there is absolutely no , or at least very little , appetite for any of that . 
  i 'm at the stage where i care more about the debate than the result . 
  no , that 's not quite right . 
  i can only care about the result * if * the debate is done the right way . 
  i do n't want us to go through the motions of another wilsonian referendum . 
  this should be an opportunity for the uk to decide what we what to do as a nation , what we want to be . 
  not the details or the minutia but the general direction . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
   churchill actually wanted to fight ussr back to the east but he lost the next election and the us had its hands full preparing for the cold war . 
  it was n't uk 's fault because realpolitik is what it is . 
  if i remember correctly churchill was urging an assault on the soviets , operation unthinkable ( i think ) , but was told by the americans and his own generals that it was a ridiculous plan which would be extremely costly and also deeply unpopular amongst the troops as they viewed the soviets as allies . 
  churchill had been manoeuvring against the ussr throughout the war , encouraging the invasion of italy and the balkans , but found himself undermined by roosevelt constantly . 
  he realised that he would have to bargain with stalin to divide europe in return for curbing support for communist groups in western european nations . 
  i think the americans were also keen for the soviets to aid in combating the japanese at the time but all this is off the top of my head so do n't take my word on all this . 
   britain and france won both wws and ** gained a lot in both victories ** i 'm afraid i must take issue with this in regards to the gains of britain and france after ww2 which crippled both and was undeniably the cause of their decline on the world stage . 
  it cost them their empires and economies . 
  still from how you 've described it this grudge sounds ridiculous . 
  entirely agree , it 's like they 've learnt nothing from the scottish referendum . 
  do n't just sell the benefits of the eu , sell the * idea * of the eu .
