  probably an underdog thing . 
   probably recognising there 's a difference between nationalism that says we 're better than everyone else and nationalism that says we 're just as good as anyone else . 
  you mean like the subtle scottish nationalism of we do n't hate the english but as a society we just care more about people than the english do ( those heartless bastards ) . '', 
  it 's laughable that people treat scottish nationalism differently from any other . 
   which they are not . 
  the `` in '' campaign -- which has just recruited will straw as its executive director -- has many arguments on its side . 
  what it conspicuously lacks is an idealism or sense of allegiance to which it may appeal . 
  there is no european demos : to the extent that younger britons acknowledge a supranational identity , it is global . 
  the eu has been leapfrogged . 
  i thought this article raised an interesting point , not on migrants ( we 've got enough threads on that ) or even brexit , but on the idea that an common european identity has been `` leapfrogged '' by a much broader global identity . 
  cohesion amongst eu member , especially in an increasingly political union , depends upon a shared commonality . 
  something which distinguishes the group from any other , like national identity , but with the world increasing globalised it is hard to forge a distinct european identity . 
  now , naturally i expect a great deal of disagreement along the lines of shared values between european peoples etc. 
  but i believe that the rapid advancement of globalisation * will render a closer european federation redundant especially as the latter will most likely proceed at a slower pace . 
  * note , here i refer mostly to countries that are orientated with the `` western '' block such as the anglosphere , japan , parts of latin america , india etc. 
   i would fully support for an eu army to protect the eu , even if it meant sending german soldiers and using german supplies to fight the aggressor . 
  perhaps you yourself would but i 'm not sure the same could be said for the majority of your countrymen . 
  that nato poll , or whatever it was called , showed quite low support amongst germans for military action in defence of a fellow nato member . 
  whether this would be different if it was about defending a fellow eu member i do n't know but i suspect not . 
   on the other hand , i would hesitate sending the german military to any kind of conflict not on our own territory . 
  military should be used defensively only and i do n't feel like sending troops into foreign conflicts would be the right thing to do . 
  i assume you mean eu territory rather than specifically german territory ? 
  regardless , in most modern nations the military is always ostensibly for defence purposes but interventions in foreign territories are necessary for the sake of regional stability . 
  i 'm personally of the opinion that if we have the power/ability then we are obliged to take action , ruling no option out . 
   nato was a defensive pact against the `` red scare '' . 
  with the soviet union being disbanded i feel like nato sits inside a power vacuum with no real right to still exist . 
  yes nato was created to defend agains the ussr but it still maintains its role as a defensive pact . 
  and seeing as how most european militaries are lacking , to say the least , then it is still highly necessary . 
  edit : found the report : http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/1-nato-public-opinion-wary-of-russia-leary-of-action-on-ukraine/ my earlier figures were a bit off but the gist is still about the same . 
   western european i was kinda including the uk , at least i thought we came under that geographic/cultural designation . 
  if i remember the nato poll correctly then we were marginally higher in supporting action in case article 5 was triggered , not to the extent of the us and canada , 60-70 % support for military action , but higher than germany and france . 
  only if eu members could actually agree on what shit needs to be done . 
  conflicts would be over before brussels decided to intervene . 
  they 'd most likely bow to popular opinion in a lot of western european countries which would be to leave estonia to be fucked . 
  if those nato polls were anything to go by . 
  well , they have the most powerful military in the world , they use it often ( for better or worse ) and we trust them more than most countries on the continent . 
  so judging by this reply and the down votes , this subreddit is devoid of humour . 
  i mean my joke was bad but hardly down vote worthy . 
  a clever move by the french . 
  sabotage the german tanks so they ca n't blitzkrieg this time . 
   the problem is how else are you meant to argue for the status quo without pointing out why changing it might be a bad idea ? 
  this is precisely the problem . 
  negative campaigning did win the scottish referendum in the end but it has n't solved the question of scottish independence by any means , as shown by the scottish elections . 
  the issue rolls inexorably onwards . 
  if people want the uk 's europe question to solved ( like i do either out or in ) then the in campaign has to sell the idea of the eu to the public . 
  unfortunately this wo n't happen because the consensus is that you ca n't sell the european ideal to the british public and must therefore talk about pragmatic economic benefits and just sweep the other aspects under the carpet . 
  and by some reports this is exactly what david cameron intends to do . 
  i do n't know much about the transferal of funds between us states but is n't that exactly what he 's saying ? 
  because germany , and other rich states , would be unwilling to subsidise the poorer eu members to a certain extent then a fre ( i like this name too ) will be impossible . 
  not wanting your taxes to pay for lazy * insert stereotyped nationality here * is legitimate position to take but then why the hell are you all bothering with this euro-integration bollocks ? 
   the eu is new and just gaining it 's legs but having some teething problems . 
  that 's putting it mildly . 
  the eu is riven with indecision , maybe chronically so . 
  whenever the iraq war comes up more people are pissed at tony blair rather than any anti-americanism , of which we have our fair share . 
  and that is mostly due to being supplanted as the head of the anglosphere , we 're still bitter ^ ^ ^ tm . 
  then again , i 'm not going to speak for the whole nation , but likewise the us is one of the few nations we 'd back to the hilt when the chips are down . 
  too many damn similarities . 
  that 's between the uk and us governments . 
  the bond between the american and british people is a very real `` special relationship '' , clich\u00e9 i know but it 's nevertheless quite true . 
  ^ ^ in ^ ^ before ^ ^ statistics ^ ^ showing ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ wrong, 
  have you seen calais recently ? 
  i 'm not quite sure we want to add that troubled area to our kingdom . 
  now ireland on the other hand ... 
  do n't you know ? 
  territorial ownership is determined by proximity now . 
  in fairness , very few subreddits are the best representation of the real world groups they equate to . 
  if you looked at / r/unitedkingdom you would think that conservative/right wing voters did n't exist . 
  we have much in common with the russians . 
  a destabilised northern africa and middle east , causing large amounts of redditors to migrate to / r/europe . 
  what ? 
  all brits must think the same ? 
  he 's not allowed to be pro-eu integration and a brit ? 
  do n't worry i shall report him to the hive-mind . 
  yeah , why would we be close to a nation who speaks our language , has the same legal code etc. 
  not like everyone on the continent did n't hate each other anyway . 
  all they needed was a bit of encouragement and some gold . 
  that and the hurt to french national pride when they were liberated from nazi germany . 
  de gaulle was paranoid ( justifiably so some might say ) that france would become a us puppet . 
  although , i think de gaulle was an anglophobe before the outbreak of ww2 anyway . 
  sure , my government structure needs a lot of reform and there is an imbalance in regions ( scotland , london etc. ), 
  but the most important factor that is missing now is a sense of unity . 
  regional divisions have been exacerbated and exploited by nationalist parties so imagine this problem by scaled upward by 19 nations that are far more dissimilar than england and scotland . 
   they would complain much less if they were ruled by the eu parliament . 
  not necessarily , look at the uk for example . 
  we 've had a union of more than 300 years and right now we 're still embroiled in arguments over on nation forcing its will upon another and who is subsidising who . 
  no , you 're pro-eu * because * you do n't want to rejoin the uk . 
  all kidding aside , yes the eu is n't like the uk yet but it 's heading that way and that especially applies to the eurozone members ( that 's you ) who seem * to be increasingly dominated by german policy . 
  * we 'll see if this current crisis will change that . 
  but they wo n't . 
  nobody wants to go forward and nobody wants to go back so the eurozone will just meander in the middle until it breaks . 
  most politicians are terrified by the idea of large reforms . 
  nailed it . 
  they like some unions . 
  when they are n't run by the english . 
  creating a ez parliament is one thing . 
  giving it the power to actually do anything is entirely another matter . 
  look at the other eu institutions and you can see that they 're all hamstrung by national governments or relatively powerless . 
  then realise that fiscal control is one of the most powerful tools in a nation and that it wo n't be given up easily . 
  true , but then that 's exactly my point . 
  the language barrier is greater than any border or visa controls and harder to overcome .
