  you can take my place and i can take yours . 
  i 'm ... okay with that . 
  this shit just got real . 
  as in esperanto itself or just a common language ? 
  my point was actually a reinforcement of the above poster 's position because often nationalism is linked to language . 
  see the attempt to spread cornish in cornwall , gaelic in scotland , irish/gaelic in ireland etc. 
  everybody loves a exclusivity of a secret code and language provides that . 
  esperanto lacks any of the cultural baggage that other languages , including english , may have but the spread of english throughout the eu is already well established . 
  it 's essentially the working language of the union already and this is despite resistance from some members . 
  esperanto would require years , if not decades , of establishment to attain the economic and social benefits that learning english grants now so it 's just not a realistic prospect . 
   the only thing slowing this communication process is nationalism . 
  and language . 
  she just leaked the script that all the leaders were handed for this meeting . 
  or they 're worried that brexit will cause the collapse of the eu , and maybe the uk itself , and thus destroy the stable world order they 've worked to create since the end of the cold war , if not earlier . 
  i think the `` special relationship '' between the us and uk governments is entirely based upon realpolitik , like most international relationships , but the relationship between the american and british public is certainly special . 
  not unique by any means but the historical and , much more importantly , the linguistic connections between the two countries has necessitated a great deal of cultural exchange , to a larger extent than globalisation experienced in other non-english speaking nations . 
  someone 's got a chip on his shoulder . 
   i say this as an american who really does n't like your country ( or the eu ) now , now , no need to get personal . 
  banter 's fooling around , dis is da real shit bruv . 
  perhaps , the eu is meant to advance steadily towards closer integration through crisis after crisis but it 's looking like the leap required to handles these crises are currently beyond what national governments are prepared to go . 
  but that 's my point . 
  eu integration , gradual or otherwise , has ground to a halt around these two major crises which require it , and the uk is not the main cause of this opposition . 
  perhaps our mutual confusion could lie in our understanding of what people mean when they say the `` european project '' ? 
  i read it as eu integration , i.e. 
  federal europe/united states of europe , what do you interpret it as ? 
  the other 27 members of the eu . 
  the members who are preventing schengen from setting up a joint european border guard and asylum policy . 
  the members who are preventing the joint establishment of a fiscal and monetary government in the eurozone , and the financial transfers that will have to follow . 
  honestly , i am perplexed as to how people can look at the issues that schengen is face , that the eurozone is facing and conclude that the uk is the main road block to the european project . 
  only the greeks get worse scapegoating . 
   the european project can finally proceed unhindered . 
  you look at the eu today and think that it 's the uk alone standing in the way of the european project ? 
  delusional . 
   that said , it should also be easier for the leave campaigns to use that ( although then it becomes a he said she said in a political campaign . . ) . 
  i think that it is inevitable that the campaign will devolve into that . 
   i do n't think we are at the point yet where the media that does have an agenda one way or another is in a position to use any ` success ' in the way you are describing . 
  that will presumably change when either there are some solid concessions , or there is no longer time for any to be achieved and there is a scrabble to show some success . 
  i think the coverage that the media has provided for cameron 's reforms has n't granted the impression that he is asking for a lot . 
  i 'm sure there will be a concerted effort from some sections to brand them as an achievement but overall it has become quite clear that even the figures ostensibly saying that they are waiting for what reforms cameron achieves have already decided one way or another . 
  they are merely paying lip service to the idea that these reforms matter and it 's coming off rather obviously . 
   ... whether that does much to sway the key undecided 's is a different question . 
  i think it likely will for the majority of undecideds simply do n't know or care about the eu so if the government says that they have brought back key reforms then that takes the decision out of the `` do n't knows '' hands . 
  a reformed europe sounds like somethings been achieved without the scary prospect of leaving . 
  i say this as an undecided but a more interested type of undecided . 
   however , i do n't think there is a real appreciation of how many people do n't see membership of the eu as being properly balanced out by any benefits in trade , people seem perfectly willing to ` pay ' for less political entanglement . 
  precisely , i think the in campaign is ignoring the ideological component of this debate at their peril . 
  they have a strong argument about access to the single market and freedom of movement being linked , a lot of prominent outers seem to be avoiding answering that question , but people are mostly bored by the economics or degenerated by it . 
  how the public feels about an issue should n't be underestimated and uk politicians have spent too long downplaying/ignoring the political elements of the eu . 
   i 'd argue that both sides in the scottish campaign were vastly more engaged than either of the current membership campaigns , but that 's sort of beside the point anyway , there are so many disparate groups arguing true , the difference in population size between the two referendum campaigns will certainly mean a greater disparity of views but still the members of the yes campaign in scotland managed to unite behind the idea of independence even if their ideas of what do after were different . 
  i would n't rule out such an occurrence amongst the various out campaigns . 
  the real weakness the out campaign possesses demographically is the weak support amongst younger voters : ukip has tainted the campaign as racist and backwards . 
  the eu is still , for the most part , viewed as `` hip '' and `` progressive '' by younger voters . 
   i think the issue that cameron had here , is that the amount of support for continued membership of the eu goes up considerably if you ask about a ` reformed ' eu and the current momentum is more with the leave option than the stay . 
  the support for a vaguely defined `` reformed eu '' is no doubt an important boon to the in campaign but the potential for toxicity if the reforms fail is incredibly damaging . 
  furthermore , it seems that the media has no intention of upholding the illusion that the reforms he 's asking for are in anyway significant . 
  cameron would have done better to rely upon the fear of the unknown and the leaving the status quo rather than his reforms attempt . 
  instead he has isolated himself from his european colleagues and lost trust with the british public . 
   as to a snap referendum , i doubt that it 'd have even been possible , never mine a positive for the stay position given the various crises we 've seen in the last year or so . 
  as it is timing is going to be incredibly important , but i begin to doubt that anyone could actually pick a ` best ' time any more , and obviously between the eu , european politicians and pro-european uk ones the stay message is actually getting massively less attractive week on week ... 
  yes , there is n't going to be a good time to run the referendum if you wait for the crisis saga to end . 
  like you say this extends to the mistake the in campaign is committing by phrasing eu membership as a vote for prosperity . 
  anyone who looks across the channel is not going to associate the eu with prosperity no matter what the economic figures say . 
  like the no camp for the scottish campaign , the in campaign is quite inept and uninspired . 
  their only saving grace is that the out campaign is disorganised at the moment and have n't fully gotten into their stride . 
  cameron should n't have tried to renegotiate in the first place . 
  it 's raised expectations , unrealistically , and will be damaging to his campaign when he decides to lead the in camp . 
  he would have done much better to call a snap referendum on eu after 4 to 6 months rather than engage in this farce . 
  i thought he used the term `` unfriendly act '' , means the same thing i think but maybe a grade lower . 
  jesus bloody wept , some of the scenarios outlined by ministers in this article are tantamount to acts of war or at least outright hostility . 
  and i thought project fear in the scottish referendum was overbearing . 
   `` there 's a little-mentioned aspect , which is that , in my opinion , if the uk votes to leave europe , scotland will vote to leave the uk . ''  there 's a little mentioned aspect  little mentioned wat ? 
   `` if i correctly understand russia 's security interests with respect to islamist terrorism , it rather has a problem with ambitions grounded in sunni islam , '' schaeuble wrote in the op-ed . 
  `` why should we not be able to develop a joint strategy with russia to defuse tensions between a saudi-led sunni coalition and an iran-led shia coalition ? '' ukraine , schaeuble . 
  maybe you 've forgotten . 
  very eloquently argued and relatively concise . 
  i will attempt to offer some counter-argument . 
   to make the case for the european union in particular , i 'd argue that a lot of what a country 's interests are is based on geography and economics first , history & culture second . 
  i 'll grant you the importance of economics but geography is less and less important with the advent of modern technology , and is metaphorically the equivalent of suggesting you chose your neighbours over a relative who lives further away . 
  ( yes , i know nations ca n't be related but historically , culturally and , more importantly , in the minds of the british public that is how the canzac nations are viewed ) . 
  i would also argue that culture and history are not important in and of themselves but only in regards to how they impact public feeling/opinion , which in my opinion is the most important factor . 
  economics itself is only a powerful factor in so far as it influences public opinion but is itself influenced by public opinion . 
  economic sanctions against russia are economically inadvisable but the political necessity demanded that they be enacted . 
   even if you convince the canadians , you 'd have to deal with a very un-coperative superpower along your borders whom you 've just stolen their most dearest neighbour . 
  what would the usa do exactly if canada was to join some sort of loose union with the uk et al ? 
  economic sanctions ? 
  diplomatic brow beating ? 
  assuming that both the canadian and british public were in favour of such a union do you realistically see the american public endorsing their government to enact economic sanctions against two nations they consistently consider their closest friends and allies ? 
  no i think it far more likely that the usa would be disappointed and quite peeved , to say the least , that their european project was n't going to plan . 
   i have no idea how china would view earnest competition in what she undoubtly ( yet unofficially ) considers her oceanic backyard , but i 'm sure it 's not gon na be good . 
  this is less of an issue than the usa considering i 'm quite sure the australians or new zealanders would n't appreciate being dictated to by beijing , especially if the australian and new zealand public are in favour of our theoretical union . 
  although i 'm sure the chinese would be more willing to consider economic sanctions but not if it 's not worth the hassle which it probably would n't in their calculations . 
   even after you 're created the bloc , it 's still less than 150 million , that 's not even half of the american population - spread out across the entire globe , with little gain from economics of scale , while confronting two immense powers . 
  the only thing you 've got going for you is the nostalgia and cultural ties of an old empire . 
  if i 've ever seen an example of rose tinted glasses , it 's this . 
  the bloc does n't have to be large enough to be equal to the future superpowers only large enough to discourage undue interference . 
  furthermore , who says the bloc would stop at canada , new zealand australia and the uk ? 
  these could just be the foundation . 
  however , i will admit to rose tinted glasses , not so much for empire which seems to be the common refrain , but because the ties between canzuk , horrible acronym , are so strong that it seems illogical that we are n't closer . 
  to save character space , i will give a less focused address to your points . 
  your points about economy of savings in regards to the military are quite true although i must point out that the majority of canzuk members have the same priority in regards to a naval focus and savings would be made in research and development .
