  the eu organises trade deals on a whole but that does n't necessarily preclude such deals with commonwealth nations just that they may take longer , one has recently been agreed with canada . 
  as for free movement deals between the uk and such countries that is entirely possible now , at least from a technical viewpoint . 
  i can only assume it has n't been agreed due to : 1 ) nations like canada , australia etc. 
  are worried that they 'll be flooded by unskilled british labour . 
  2 ) said nations are worried that british migration is too lax and may threaten their security . 
  3 ) the governments are wary of agreeing to such an arrangement lest they appear to be racist/imperialist etc. 
  as to the feeling of why commonwealth nations ( lets be honest people mean canada , australia and new zealand basically ) should be focused upon rather than the eu ? 
  hard to say . 
  undoubtedly it is mostly due to a sense of close kinship with those nations which many see as being neglected . 
  for example the governments recent attempt to bring down immigration numbers has resulted in laws which force migrants , like australians , to return home or at least strongly encourages them to do so . 
  that would n't be necessary if the public was n't as hostile to immigration numbers as it is now but that 's how it is and if the public were asked which migrant they would prefer to accept , an australian would obviously be preferred to a bulgarian or a frenchman ( no offence intended at all ) . 
  sorry , i 'm not sure i 'm explaining this well . 
  maybe if the eu was titled as the `` federation of free nations '' or something this problem would n't be as acute but i guess the british public see a binary choice between the eu and said nations mentioned above . 
  you can be close to both but you must be closer to one and quite a few people know which they would prefer . 
  yes , that is essentially a managed decline/collapse of the eurozone , we 'll all be having problems then , brexit or no . 
  a shame i say when they should have accepted the necessity of integration that the euro demands which should have been clear from the start . 
  they 've said they wo n't rush to make a trade deal not that they would n't make one . 
  then you have the rising economies of india , brazil , nigeria etc. 
  none of them have the scale of the eu but then i am under no illusion any of this would be easy . 
  once again , i am just presenting the position of some brexiteers , as we must call them . 
  and i said that we would probably get a worse deal than if we were a member of the eu . 
  any `` bad deal '' would still be beneficial to the uk otherwise it would n't be agreed . 
  i used `` raping virgins '' and `` gunboats '' to mock apocalyptic scenarios . 
  i would think their humorous nature was quite obvious , perhaps the internet or language barrier is muddling comprehension . 
  during the course of the eurozone crisis a couple of members have already joined the euro ( latvia and lithuania ) , why ? 
  because despite the economic drawbacks of the euro these members still recognise how important the euro is to the european project . 
  now you 've moved back to the economic benefits of such positioning rather than the political sacrifices . 
  we 're already in an economically advantageous position and probably still will be in the satellite scenario outlined in no. 2 . 
  the question remains whether the public is content with the subservient position in that situation . 
  and i 've agreed with them . 
  what exactly do you want from me ? 
  what was the point of your post ? 
  even if we assume that none of the current non-euro members wo n't join the euro ( which is a stretch as some objections are based on the euros current stagnation ) then the current eurozone members are more than enough to dominate the current eu . 
  the best way ? 
  i do n't know , i laid out three options for the uk to follow above , which one is followed depends upon the publics feelings towards the eu at the time . 
  if they could be convinced to be more pro-federalist then naturally they would prefer no. 1 . 
  if they did n't mind taking a back seat and being trapped in the eu `` orbit '' so to speak then they would stay with option no. 2 , the easiest option . 
  if they were n't content with either of the above then they would have to chose no. 3 , the painful prospect we 're considering now . 
  and i 've acknowledged that on numerous occasions . 
  perhaps people are n't content with that ? 
  maybe they want me to say we 'll have to offer up a weekly tribute of virgins and children along with prince harry as a hostage for this trade deal ? 
  nonsense , the euro necessitates the integration of the eurozone into an eventual federal state . 
  this group will inevitably form the core of the eu and wield influence over the uk , no amount of promises will prevent that ; you ca n't legislate against gravity . 
  the uk will then have a choice between : 1 ) joining this core group to gain/maintain influence . 
  2 ) staying in its satellite position . 
  3 ) extricating itself , painfully , from its reliance upon the eu . 
  `` diversifying '' would presumably be an attempt to reduce the effect and damage of the eu changing regulations for certain products , services etc. 
  the idea would be to make the eu less of a trading partner or at least the less dominant one . 
  i do n't know how effective this tactic will be , i 'm merely offering commentary . 
  do you advocate joining the eu proper , the whole deal ? 
  because on our current trajectory we are already heading towards the satellite status . 
   yeah i feel the same somewhat . 
  it would be nice to have an impactful discussion and finally a decision about what the uks role in or outside of the eu is supposed to be . 
  because this half in half out doesnt really do much good for either side . 
  exactly . 
  i believe that it was outlined in gove 's speech on tuesday but essentially they want to gradually phase the uk out of the single market during the years following exit and the subsequent negotiations . 
  as to the impact upon the uk economy ? 
  i honestly do n't know , i 'm sure various economists have projections . 
  i agree with your last paragraph but i 'm afraid i must point out that the leave campaign has already rejected the eea option . 
  we know that the single market is a vehicle for political control and thus we would have to leave the single market to avoid exactly what you describe . 
  i know there will be economic repercussions from brexit , nobody likes change especially the market and the leave campaign needs to acknowledge this . 
  they need to acknowledge that brexit is a risk but convince the british public that it is a risk worth taking . 
  i just want this question over the uk 's role in the eu , in the world to be settled and this current debate is n't doing it . 
  it 's as if we 're talking about whether we should change our broadband provider rather than national destiny . 
  how does that relate to what i just said ? 
  the us is n't going to sail gunboats into london to force us into a trade deal . 
  any deal would at least have to have some benefit for the uk or we would n't bother doing it . 
  would we make more concessions then we want to ? 
  sure but a trade deal with the us is obviously something beneficial . 
  sure , i think the deal may be more favourable in a eu-us trade agreement but then ( i have n't read up on ttip ) i would assume the 28 eu members have all made concessions with each other in order to agree to a deal that benefits each the most . 
  essentially , the trade agreement between the eu and the us will have to be tailored to 28 different economies which may be to the detriment of the uk . 
  although , overall i think the uk would * probably * get a better deal in the eu . 
  but then this whole argument gets away from why this whole referendum is happening , the political aspects of the eu . 
  at the moment the economics are being used to bludgeon people into accepting the political issues that the british public have . 
  i would rather the uk government ( and the foreign governments they 've petitioned to help ) tried to convince the public to accept european integration but obviously they know that wo n't sell so here we are . 
  1975 repeat and issue unsolved . 
  i would like to think so and logically while there will certainly be economic effects from brexit , markets do n't like change , it would n't make sense for the us ( or the eu for that matter ) to ostracise the uk . 
  that would fracture the west not brexit . 
  any deal would probably still be favourable to the uk even if it were more favourable to the us . 
  if we 're literally being bent over a table and sodomised then i doubt we 'd agreed to a deal . 
   that 's a consequence obama was warning about . 
  it does n't seem very brotherly , but running a super power economy is n't about friends , it 's about business . 
  it 's not personal , it 's business . 
  period . 
  again , he addressed that too that the bond would remain the same but consequences economically would follow . 
  i think what the argument about is whether those economic consequences are dictated by sense or spite . 
  would the us be acting rationally when they make trade more difficult ( or not easier at least ) or would it be a form of punishment for `` rocking the boat '' ? 
  is this a warning from obama or a threat ? 
  this is the debate . 
  well , in the brexiters defence that 's probably why they are trying to emphasise the uk `` embracing the rest of the world '' . 
  by attempting to diversify the uk 's trading markets they hope to reduce the influence that the eu would have upon the uk in terms of economic leverage . 
  i do n't know if you 're up to speed on the uk 's debate over eu membership but , current economic focus aside , the issues are the political elements . 
  the uk has no desire for further political integration , or any that we currently have , which the euro necessitates . 
  the formation of a federal europe based around the eurozone would leave the uk in the same place as it would outside the eu . 
  what would our choice be then ? 
  cheers , i wo n't edit to remember my mistake . 
  the article makes the massive mistake of dismissing the eurozone integration with the idea that the northern members wo n't allow it . 
  eurozone integration is n't a choice anymore , it 's a necessity . 
  otherwise the eurozone will continue to stall , at best , or it will collapse and then we 're all in the shit . 
  when the eurozone integrates the uk 's influence will be weaker then it is now ( if you can believe it ) and the only way to avoid that would be to join the euro .
