  there 's an awful lot of money wasted by duplication of equipment and r&d . 
  obama wants europe to upscale so the usa can downscale in europe to upscale in the pacific/asia region . 
  most likely . 
  european soft power has certainly played an important role in recent events but i think people are deluding themselves if they believe hard power is n't still important . 
  exactly . 
  the chaos in the surrounding region is having a large effect on the eu . 
  and why do n't they attack a nato country ? 
  because of the usa rather than western european members who can barely muster a luke warm response to reassure the eastern european members . 
  what do you mean that the baltic nations should not have joined nato if they feel afraid ? 
  you 're contradicting yourself now . 
  it gets more discussion going i suppose . 
  yes , the title is probably turning quite a few people off but the article has quite a sensible conclusion :  the dangers from russia and china are of course interlinked . 
  it is likely - pessimists say certain - that vladimir putin would seize on a serious blow-up on pacific rim to try his luck in europe . 
  in the eyes of washington , ottawa , canberra , and those capitals around the world that broadly view pax americana as a plus , this is not the time for britain to lob a stick of dynamite into europe 's rickety edifice . 
   the awful truth for the leave campaign is that the governing establishment of the entire western world views brexit as strategic vandalism . 
  whether fair or not , brexiteers must answer this reproach . 
  a few such as lord owen grasp the scale of the problem . 
  most seemed blithely unaware until mr obama blew into town last week . 
   in my view , the brexit camp should be laying out plans to increase uk defence spending by half to 3pc of gdp , pledging to propel britain into the lead as the undisputed military power of europe . 
  they should aim to bind this country closer to france in an even more intimate security alliance . 
  these sorts of moves would at least spike one of project fear 's biggest guns . 
   the brexiteers should squelch any suggestion that eu withdrawal means resiling from global responsibility , or tearing up the european convention ( that british-drafted , non-eu , magna carta of freedom ) , or turning our backs on the cop21 climate accords , or any other of the febrile flirtations of the movement . 
   it is perhaps too much to expect a coherent plan from a disparate group , thrown together artificially by events . 
  yet many of us who are sympathetic to the brexit camp , who also want to take back our sovereign self-government and escape the bogus and usurped supremacy of the european court of justice , have yet to hear how brexiteers think this extraction can occur without colossal collateral damage and in a manner consistent with the honour of this country . 
   you can quarrel with europe , or you can quarrel with the us , but it is courting fate to quarrel with the whole democratic world at the same time . 
  well , i would think the ukrainians are afraid of russia . 
  maybe the baltic nations and poland as well . 
  hey now , everyone could do with a pep talk now and then . 
  sorry , shared it from my phone on google newsstand . 
  i could delete this one and post from the direct link if it 's really that horrible . 
  exactly . 
  cheers for the article . 
  it gives a very good overview of the whole situation and also seems to agree the article i linked on the ultimate problem the uk has/will have with the eu . 
  this paragraph in particular :  the question is whether the u.k. would remain sanguine about a more tightly integrated eu once it became a reality or see it as a threat . 
   it is funny , three redditors using the union jack flier replied that to leave eu does n't mean trying to regain the empire . 
   i did not write anything about any emire !, 
   empire is somewhere in your mind not in mine . 
  fair enough , we just get a lot of this empire posts around these part so we 're highly sensitive . 
  i agree with the rest of your post in principal , especially on the common market front and the us being overstretched . 
  i think what he means is that the working language of the eu institutions is english even though the rules still requires that all member languages be treated equally . 
  i never get what people mean when they say leavers want to regain the empire . 
  do they mean that the preference commonly espoused for closer relationships with canada , australia and nz is imperialistic ? 
  what do you mean by the commonwealth ? 
  do you mean uk , canada , australia and nz ? 
  or the whole thing ? 
  maybe a few additions to the core group listed above ? 
  i too would like for a stronger relationship with the above nations but at the moment it does n't seem to be on the table . 
  it would be probably tip the scales for me as an undecided voter but as far as i 'm aware the leaders of these nations have all professed support for uk membership of the eu . 
  personally , i think the commonwealth , as a whole , could benefit from some of the eu 's strong points such as encouraging the development of democracy and human rights via economic/political incentives . 
  no problem , i 'm sure there are others who could give a far more astute and in-depth analysis with a better prediction of how this will all turn out . 
  however , these things are hard to predict . 
  look at our two nations of example , both majority english speaking with a great deal of shared history and national `` kinship '' yet no such federal union emerged between our nations ( and others ) during the course of the 20th century . 
  does n't give the best prognosis for the eu . 
  i always thought it was quite cliche for reddit but i ca n't be asked to make another account with a more off beat name . 
  i must lie in the bed i have made . 
  oh boy , that 's the million ~ ~ dollar ~ ~ euro question . 
  not only for the eu but for a prospective global union . 
  to my inexpert eye , the answer to that question lies in `` identity '' . 
  if the people , or a majority at least , in these nations do n't see themselves as `` european '' in the same way they see themselves as their national identity then no , i do n't think the eu will integrate . 
  if there is no solidarity or `` brotherhood '' then unification is impossible . 
  you can already see its lacking in the refugee and eurozone crisis where countries , with the consent of their public , look to their own and leave other members to deal with it . 
  why should germany ( insert other rich nation ) pay for the greeks ( insert other poor nation ) ? 
  why does london pay for other regions of the uk ? 
  because of the nation state construction , a feeling of common identity . 
  perhaps , this `` european '' identity is in the making or perhaps a smaller subset of the eu will unify ( the fewer the members the less variance and the easier it is to forge bonds ) but these things are far from certain . 
  even in the uk which has experienced 300 years of unity we are still plagued by fragmentation along national lines . 
  sorry for the long answer . 
  full article :  when supporters of the vote leave campaign sketch out a future for britain outside the eu , they often point to the anglosphere of english-speaking nations -- bequeathed by britain 's imperial past . 
  so barack obama 's intervention in britain 's eu referendum last week was a potentially devastating moment for the brexit campaign . 
  here was the president of the us -- the most powerful member of the anglosphere -- arguing forcefully for britain to stay inside the eu . 
   in desperation , some members of the leave campaign have suggested that mr obama might harbour a special animus against britain . 
  boris johnson , the mayor of london , flirted with the theory that the `` part-kenyan president 's ancestry '' might explain his views . 
   in reality , no special explanation is needed for mr obama 's remarks . 
  it has long been us policy to support british membership of the eu . 
   yet the brexiters are on to something in a broader sense . 
  for all the ritualistic tributes to the enduring nature of the special relationship , something has changed during the obama years . 
  that shift is a growing awareness in both washington and london of the rise of asia , which has made both the us and the uk reconsider their approaches to the world -- and each other . 
   president obama 's personal background does indeed matter here . 
  but the significant point is not that he is the first african-american president , but that he is the first pacific president . 
  mr obama was brought up in hawaii , in the middle of the pacific ocean , and spent several years of his childhood in indonesia . 
  like no other president before him , he really grasps the vital and growing importance of the asia-pacific region . 
   the signature foreign policy initiative of the obama years has been america 's `` pivot to asia '' . 
  amid all the turmoil in the middle east and ukraine , the us president has remained grimly , stubbornly , determined to devote more of his country 's diplomatic , military and economic resources to asia . 
   there was much talk , during mr obama 's london visit , about whether the us might strike a separate trade deal with a post-brexit britain , or whether it would focus more on the us-eu transatlantic trade and investment partnership . 
  mr obama controversially suggested that the uk would be at the `` back of the queue '' in any quest for a separate trade deal . 
  but the reality is that america 's biggest trade priority is neither the uk nor the eu -- it is asia . 
  while negotiations on ttip are still years from conclusion , the trans-pacific partnership deal has already been agreed between the us and 11 other nations in the asia-pacific region , and now awaits ratification . 
   some brits and europeans hope that the departure of president obama might mean that the us places less emphasis on asia and pivots back to the atlantic . 
  that is unlikely . 
  any us president who looks at america 's strategic priorities is likely to come to conclusions similar to mr obama 's . 
  hillary clinton , his likeliest successor , is a firm believer in the `` pivot '' to asia , as she made clear in a 2011 article entitled `` america 's pacific century '' . 
   the british , in particular , have few grounds to complain about america 's current preoccupation with asia and the pacific , since the cameron government has been conducting its own pivot to asia -- even at the expense of ties to the us . 
  david cameron has led a succession of high-profile trade delegations to asia and signed britain up as a founder member of the beijing-based asian infrastructure investment bank , against the express wishes of the us government . 
  one member of the obama administration complained ( to the financial times ) about britain 's `` constant accommodation '' of china . 
   of course , there are still deep historic and cultural ties linking britain and america . 
  anybody who doubts that should consider the number of leading members of the us foreign-policy establishment who once studied at oxford . 
  susan rice , mr obama 's national security adviser , bill burns , who was mrs clinton 's deputy at the state department , and jake sullivan , one of her closest advisers , are all oxford alumni . 
   these kinds of links help give britain easy access in washington . 
  but , in future , even elite educational ties may be thinner . 
  stephen schwarzman , an american financier , has just set up a major scholarship scheme , inspired by the rhodes scholarships to oxford , to take high-achieving americans and others to study at tsinghua university in beijing .
