  i 'd be interested in those figures if you do n't mind . 
  it 's not that i do n't believe you it 's just a hard source to find . 
  this makes it all the more poignant that more brits work in said countries despite the fact they have a harder time getting in and staying . 
  but what about potential snap elections ? 
  or is the risk exaggerated ? 
  i 'll give you a more optimistic forecast when this agreement passes the greek , german etc. 
  parliaments . 
  i think the ** european ** union can be allowed to have an interest in events in europe . 
  so far it has displayed a woeful ability to be the world police . 
  i disagree , if anything i find the reluctance to support ukraine 's eventual entry into the eu , note the word `` eventual '' , to be another failure of many eu members . 
  a month or two . 
  it wo n't influence my vote a great deal but it might have a slight impact but that 's because i 'm not a committed europhile , like most of the brits who post in this subreddit , or a eurosceptic . 
  over my brief life i 've wavered between believing in the ideal and thinking its ridiculous . 
  with the greece crisis its leaning towards the latter slightly but that 's mostly out of frustration/disillusion . 
  i think most brits see the greek crisis of just another example of how hopeless the continent looks right now and are exasperated with all these talks that never seem to end or solve anything , just kicking cans down the road . 
  probably something to do with our aversion to compromise politics . 
  however , the only people this crisis might have influenced are the waverers who are n't committed to either side . 
  i do chuckle slightly at the vitriol the uk gets for being out for itself when this crisis has revealed a large amount of other members are just as cutthroat . 
  at least we 're honest about it . 
  most brits do n't associate human rights/civil rights with the eu . 
  it does n't hold the same guarantee of democracy and rule of law that it does for other members . 
  i certainly think a large part of the brexit argument has been hijacked by the immigration debate which has moved it away from its original objections to the eu . 
  namely that old british eurosceptics disagreed with the political connotations of the eu . 
  either because they do n't believe it is possible or that it is n't desirable . 
  europe did n't spend centuries striving to crush the power of the church and separate it from government just to roll back that progress . 
  now , if she meant that religion has a place in terms of influencing individual politicians beliefs and actions then that is unavoidable and in some cases beneficial : such as christian charity , buddhist nature loving etc. 
  now from what i know of political islam , it does n't match that criteria . 
  edit : upon close examination , it seems she makes vague references to political islam and the majority of the speech is mostly concerned with not alienating european muslims from society . 
  fair enough . 
  although her general talk on not creating and `` us '' and a `` them '' is incorrect as social cohesion is entirely predicated on creating a joint identity that is only apparent in comparison : in other words there can be no `` us '' without a `` them '' . 
  what is a `` european '' if there is no non-european . 
  since the wwi i should think . 
  although there is all that `` war plan red '' and `` defence scheme no. 1 '' crap afterwards . 
  well our relationship with the `` old '' ( basically white ) commonwealth is quite different than our relationship with the other ex-colonies . 
  we had the mau mau uprising in kenya and our dealings with the indian subcontinent were tumultuous to say the least . 
  i was more curious about portugal 's relationship with brazil really . 
  as far as i 'm aware there has n't been any conflict between the two countries since independence . 
  exactly , language is the key to cohesiveness and close social interaction . 
  if you go around europe you 'll often see australians , americans , canadians , new zealanders , brits etc. 
  grouping together simply because of language . 
  when you 're in a foreign place and your knowledge of the language is poor , a frequent problem for us brits at least , you 'll seek out anyone who understands you and is probably equally lost . 
  oh absolutely , no loan should be given without significant reforms but then again these are loans , albeit with generous terms , not free cash handouts so it 's hardly a charitable action . 
  i 'm not sure what the us would do if they were in a similar situation but my original point was that americans , and other nations , would probably have less qualms about doling out cash to a region/member state than some eu member states . 
  these negotiations take so long because leaders like merkel have to placate their electorates who would happily drop greece off a cliff . 
  hmm , i 'm not sure it 's that easy to back out of the euro once you 've joined simple due to all the economic and political tape you 'd have to sort out . 
  indeed , recent history is what sets the uk and portugal apart in terms of their view of europe/eu . 
  the uk was already a stable liberal democracy when we entered the eu although our finances were n't in the best state , due to war debts etc , which is probably why we primarily view the eu in an economic light . 
  i 'm assuming for portugal entry into the eu was a kind of like a badge of approval/guarantee of democratic stability ? 
  yes , the transferral of the portuguese government to brazil was during the napoleonic war and in some ways led to brazilian independence right ? 
  my south american history is n't the most extensive . 
  i also think length of time between the collapse of the portuguese and british empires is also another factor as to why we 're more difficult as a member-state . 
  quite a few of the older generation still view our entry into the ecc as a betrayal of our commonwealth realms . 
  is there a similar feeling in regards to brazil in portugal ? 
   1415 ... 1974 , more than 500 years . 
  1974 ... 1986 , 12 years . 
  you see , we had our back turned into europe for a very long time , we can make a 180o turn in a decade . 
  i think quite a few nations in the eu have a similar problem . 
  obviously mine is the more noticeable and vocal example but i think european nations that had large colonial holdings , that had large amounts of settlers , e.g. 
  spain , portugal and the uk , have a little trouble weighing inter-eu relations with the same value as ex-colonies . 
  i 'm probably just projecting my nations mindset onto yours but i do think there are parallels between portugal/spain and the uk in this regard . 
   probably more than they would have got as states in the usa . 
  how so ? 
  sure , many of the fragile southern eu states got support in return for reforms but in greece 's case the various electorates of other european states are in apoplexy over the idea of their money supporting the greek people . 
  hence why the negotiations are taking so long . 
  everyone is mindful of their electorate 's sensitivities . 
  hardly the best indication of a healthy european brotherhood . 
  what group is that ? 
  or is that the joke ? 
  we opt out of a lot of stuff , most people just want to trade . 
  is the uk rebate causing political and economic upheaval across the eu ? 
  this crisis , and others the eu faces at the moment , continues to demonstrate the fundamental problem with the union today : the lack of solidarity . 
  most people give little thought to the transferral of wealth from one region to another within their country but it seems this is not the case within the eurozone . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's fine for the germans , dutch , finns etc. 
  to feel this way but then they should n't be in a monetary union with countries they would n't back to the hilt . 
  the euro is an unfinished product which should either be completed ( fiscal union , essentially political union ) or discarded , this middle ground/half baked idea is killing the eu as a whole not just the eurozone members . 
  unfortunately , from past performance it is likely that the eurozone leaders will muddle through this problem and just kick it further down the road in that glorious thing called `` compromise politics '' . 
  these guys could n't take decisive action if someone did put a gun to their heads . 
  but they seem to be confused who is and is n't in the eu . 
  can we nominate which areas get nuked ? 
  i thought we were the perfidious ones . 
  i do n't mind those , except the gold looks a bit bronze . 
  in some versions the eu flag is [ dark enough ] ( http://www.stefanwolff.com/timthumb.php?src=http://www.stefanwolff.com/images/uploads/137.gif&amp;w=600&amp;zc=1 ) but sometimes [ it 's not . 
  ] ( http://spacenews.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/euflag_eu.jpg ) however , in retrospect the [ official eu flag ] ( http://publications.europa.eu/code/en/en-5000100.htm ) seems to be the darker version so i may retract my criticism . 
  yes , when they say `` trade deal '' or `` free trade agreement '' they mean conquest . 
  watch out india we 're coming back for you !, 
  ! ^ ^ not ^ ^ pakistan ... sorry . 
  well , at least this shows that the `` spitzenkandidaten '' process actually had an effect or they would n't want to remove it . 
  it 's quite aesthetically pleasing , although i think it could use a darker shade of blue . 
  it looks tacky when the yellow and blue is too light . 
  i have no strong emotional feeling towards it . 
  precisely . 
  the god ( lenin ) and the tsar ( stalin ) . 
  i thought the us spent somewhere in the realm of 3-3 .5 % of their gdp on the military while we spent 2 % ? 
  we 've discussed this else where but i think we can both agree that obama would have done better to extoll support a more concerted eu military initiative rather than a simple budget increase . 
  i think it 's more complex than that . 
  europeans , if we can generalise for a moment , either believe that soft power will pacify their opponents or they simply have no interests outside their borders and the `` soft power '' stuff is merely lip service to conceal the fact they just do n't give a shit . 
  yeah , we 're on the same page . 
  if the current total eu budget was spent on a unified military then it would more than sufficient for our needs . 
   also if you count all the european countries in the top 20 spending on military then they add up to even more than china 's budget . 
  simply adding up the military expenditure of eu member states is n't a helpful way of adducing military power .
