  as to the support of china and the usa towards eu integration it seems a little counterintuitive to at once argue that we need to be the eu to compete with superpowers , not that you do but others do , and then argue we need to be in the eu because these powers say so . 
  as to whether australia/canada etc. 
  would continue about issues that affect each other that would depend upon public conscious towards each other . 
  this is where i would argue the reason the eu is failing right now in dealing with various issues is that the publics of the various member states do n't care what happens to each other despite their geographic closeness and the economic advantages that entails . 
  underestimating the impact of cultural , historical and , most importantly , linguistic factors upon public opinion and social cohesion is the very reason why the eu is stalling right now . 
  unless the germans are willing bankroll the greeks for the foreseeable future , unless the italians are willing to defend the baltic nations from russia then the eu will never function as a cohesive bloc . 
  i would argue , although i 'm sure this unfounded , that canadians , australians , new zealanders and british people feel more invested in each others welfare and would be more willing to take measures to aid each other in their respective problems than the eu member states today , or at least the uk and other eu member states . 
  i 'm afraid i 've rather given you a poor reply . 
  i 've taken your well argued and structured arguments based on pragmatic economic and geopolitical reasons and given you a lot of emotive flim flam , for that i am sorry . 
  essentially what my argument boils down to is `` where there 's a will , there 's a way '' and without the `` will '' most endeavours will struggle , like the eu is now . 
   the pro-europeans have a point . 
  the glaring weakness of the out campaign is the absence of any credible alternative . 
  the sceptics are profoundly divided on the extent to which britain should cut itself loose . 
  some look to the norwegian or swiss example -- outside but playing by the single market rules . 
  others see the inherent absurdity of going to the trouble of leaving and then signing up again for all the rules . 
  singapore , they say , is a better model . 
  he 's right here . 
  unless the out campaign starts outlining some real plans for life outside the eu without them all disagreeing on whether it will be the norway or switzerland or singapore of the north option . 
  the emotive arguments are very strong with the out campaign and all they need to do is convince the public that they are n't some fringe looney group , which the government/in campaign is desperately trying to paint them as , and then propose some alternatives to being in the eu . 
  now , they 'll have to decide which group they wish to appeal too , isolationists , anglophiles etc. 
  but i do n't fancy being the singapore of the north so i would like them to outline a prospective alternate international organisation . 
   to keep a level playing field , one must be part of an equally large bloc . 
  your argument is good and i agree with elements of it but i have to ask why be part of * this * block ? 
  if the uk has to be part of some international political block perhaps they would prefer a different political group . 
  i 'm not saying there are any alternatives at the moment but most of the arguments in favour of eu membership , excluding the economical one , make a case for international groupings but do n't make a case for why the uk/british public should prefer the eu in particular . 
   but it seems to be really difficult to have a good conversations when they all speak in different languages . 
  that analogy could be applied to the whole eu . 
  half son . 
  wow , did n't actually expect such a detailed response to a semi-serious post but i shall engage with your well thought out post , it would be a waste not to . 
   it ends the us 's geographic isolation , which the us has taken advantage of for a long time : in the same way that the uk 's public wants to withdraw from some of europe 's problems , it would abruptly and permanently thrust the us smack dab into many of these those issues . 
  it would ( in northern ireland ) create a us/eu land border , which would potentially have substantial effects . 
  it would lose much of the easy-to-control borders that the us has enjoyed . 
  true but then again the us is already heavily involved in european issues via nato and other such relationships . 
  furthermore while the expanse of water is n't quite as large as the atlantic it 's still enough to provide a good enough defence . 
   the uk would be giving up independent foreign policy , as states do n't get to do foreign policy , and has always been a big player internationally . 
  granted , they 'd be also part of the us foreign policy , but that 's a pretty substantial change that you 'd be proposing . 
  some sort of weaker association might sell better . 
  presumably if it got to the stage that the uk chose to join the usa then the british public would be more than willing to surrender most central government powers to washington . 
   unifying legal code and procedure . 
  the two have a common history , and admittedly us states already differ a fair amount on many things , but the uk also has a freaking huge body of law , some of which conflicts with us federal law . 
  we need a good clean up in that department and we permanently have commissions combing through our laws in an attempt to weed out redundant/non-sensical legislation . 
   it would squeeze the us and the eu right next to each other . 
  while the two are presently quite friendly , and i 've no reason to believe that this would change in the near future , it also has a lot more potential for a cold war-era east germany/west germany type situation if things did go south . 
  true but think of all the cool cold war like dramas that could be produced years after the tension between the eu and us has died down . 
  on a more serious note the uk is already one of the most us friendly eu members and it gets crap for it occasionally so we 're already at the tepid war stage . 
   the us is generally-wealthier than the uk , and some job-seekers would probably leave for us centers in the same way that the eu has caused people to leave poorer places in the eu for economic centers in the eu -- that may dramatically-impact the eu . 
  agreed but then that 's a large part of why the uk public would theoretically vote to join . 
  it would spark an immigration invasion that would put the germanic tribes to shame . 
   the us has very strong federal-level protection for free speech , whereas the uk has favored the government involving itself to ensure more social harmony . 
  i 'm a generally in favour of as much free speech as possible but i do n't know how the rest of the public would feel . 
   i have this nagging feeling that a good part of discontent is because the eu has not-fundamental , entirely-solveable problems that have not been addressed , and that a brexit is on the table simply because those problems have n't been addressed . 
  most of the concerns that are raised seem to me to be political in nature , and more-fixable than it seems that a lot of people are treating them . 
  in a way this is partially correct but only for a segment of the brexiteer ( are we using this term now ? ), 
  crowd . 
  euroscepticism in the uk has been a longstanding position with much larger support than it 's continental equivalents but has only recently come into the limelight with a heavy emphasis on immigration which has both given it power but also tainted it . 
  the original and hardcore of the british eurosceptic movement is concerned with sovereignty , anti-political integration and in a smaller sense about belonging . 
   immigration from mena and particularly , down the line , africa , is an issue that the eu is going to have to come to some sort of consensus on in the long term . 
  the eu is not going to simply remain permanently-paralyzed . 
  either it will decide on integration , dissuade immigration or do something else . 
  this issue will certainly be dealt with eventually , one would hope , but the measures needed to solve it require either more integration or the dissolution of schengen . 
  both of these are n't issues for the british public but the actual migrant crisis itself matters to members of the public who are afraid of these migrants eventually coming here but to the majority it just highlights the incompetence and disunity of the eu . 
   i think that there 's some irritation over things that redistribute wealth from the uk elsewhere , like financial transaction taxes . 
  i would n't be so sure of that , especially considering the considerable opposition to wealth transferral demonstrated by numerous nations during this never-ending eurozone crisis . 
  sure it might eventually happen but the eu actually has to survive long enough to reach `` eventually '' . 
   i think that there 's some concern over major , country-affecting policies being adopted without input . 
  i think you 've misunderstood the problem here . 
  to british eurosceptics , and arguably the majority of the british public , further eu integration , which is necessary for the eurozone , is simply not desirable . 
  not due to any inefficiencies in the system but simply because they have no desire to be part of such a grouping with these other nations . 
  in comparison to a theoretical union with the us , which is realistically also unlikely , the issue would be lessened due to cultural and linguistic similarities . 
   a rapid , overwhelming influx of states with corruption or other governmental issues . 
  the eu has pulled in some states that are still busy fixing issues with corruption . 
  greece 's government caused major problems for the euro as well as the eu . 
  ukraine is a giant unknown , if it joins , with a huge number of people , and serious corruption issues . 
  it 's hard to fix corruption . 
  this a real concern that i 'm somewhat sympathetic to . 
  however , i also think that there are a lot of options available to the eu , like establishing an eu-level anticorruption organization -- the fbi and treasury department were used occasionally when local law enforcement became captured by organized crime in the us . 
  greece hit problems , but there 's also every reason to believe that people will learn from what went wrong there and avoid them next time . 
  as long as many people have the will to change things -- ** and at least on this forum , certainly this seems to be the case ** -- i do not believe that things will go unresolved . 
  it may be that the eu will become the world leader in formalizing a process for cleaning up states . 
  we already have europol but again the organisation would require more power to fulfil the equivalent function that the fbi performs , something which eurosceptics also oppose as that would mean further integration . 
  look how much trouble the eu is having in simply implementing a joint border guard agency , especially in the midst of a migrant crisis that makes this agency desperately necessary . 
  to the bold : i would n't use this forum as a bench mark for the opinions of the majority of european citizens as it leans towards federalism more than the common man . 
   language : i think that in the long run , the eu is probably going to wind up using english , anyway . 
  perhaps but then i tend to think that 's rather optimistic . 
  you underestimate the stubbornness of some members . 
  * cough * france * cough *  the eu structure not-effectively solving problems . 
  the us had all sorts of crises in its early days as well . 
  over time , people figured how to change government structure to address them . 
  the eu will certainly fine-tune and polish its own . 
  true but again the polishing and fine tuning needed to make the eu more effective would require greater integration which is something eurosceptics , and especially british eurosceptics , oppose . 
  not only because they deem it less democratically accountable and efficient but also because they simply do n't want it . 
  generally , i think a lot of your points are good but you 've misunderstood the essence of british euroscepticism which is n't a critique of how the eu should function as a federal government but a desire that it should n't function as a government at all . 
  if it does then the brexiteers have no desire to be a part of it when they would prefer to be more closely aligned with more historically and culturally similar peoples , and i 'm not just or even primarily referring to the usa here . 
   to be honest , i kind of regret that the referendum clock is ticking -- i think that this might be an interesting discussion , but that choosing it rapidly because of a forced deadline would be a less-than-good way to go . 
  i kind of wish that cameron would have a referendum on deferring the referendum ... 
  i agree , this issue would have been interesting to discuss but the public have waited a long time and the out campaign still has time to start outlining an alternative direction that they want the uk to take outside the eu . 
  they would be foolish not to at least propose an alternate organisation if only to add credence to their tag line `` out of europe , into the world '' . 
  ah my bad , i 'm being quite slow this evening . 
  i 'm slightly confused here . 
  i meant that if joining the usa was offered as an alternative to being an eu member , the former would be preferred .
