  the 16 year old vote was applied to the scottish referendum in a clear attempt to weight the vote towards independence . 
  this vote weighting has been avoided for this referendum by abiding by ge rules ( with small amendments ) . 
  by all means change the electoral rules to include 16 year olds but do n't shoehorn them into this vote for obvious reasons . 
  it 's time to go cromwellian . 
  and yet the uk has a defined history of allowing 18 year olds to vote at ge which is why it has been applied to this referendum . 
  your only justification for 16 year olds being included is that they are younger hence my joke . 
  i 'm in that age range that will have to deal with a post-eu uk `` far more '' and to be honest i never appreciate it when people start shitting over my people towards my dad 's age ( 63 ) . 
  good , good , carry on . 
  but that 's precisely my point . 
  scottish independence built a large part of its argument on the idea of `` cutting out the middle man '' ( the uk government ) so to speak and sheltering under the eu umbrella . 
  it may be that scotland values the european union more than our union and if that is the case then clearly the union has been dead for a while . 
  staying in the eu would only delay scottish separatism ( although whether that means scotland participating in `` ever closer union '' is another question ) not prevent it . 
  have you been reading some of the comments in this thread ? 
  i think the / s is entirely necessary . 
  if you pursue that logic we should extend the vote to 5 year olds . 
  have you read the bible ? 
  heard of the apocalypse ? 
  it 'll be like that . 
  to be entirely honest if the uk ca n't survive leaving the eu then clearly the union was n't going to last all that long anyway . 
  is this ... is this a joke ? 
  it 's just too on the nose for it not to be . 
  too close to call . 
  still favouring remain in my opinion . 
  it makes it more likely but not a certainty . 
  it would take years to organise without the scottish government declaring it unilaterally . 
  this thing is like a bloody seesaw . 
   this is raw . 
  raw and salty and so dirty . 
  friggin better than trump clinton i bet . 
  this . 
   australian here , just thinking how shortsighted they are . 
  european union is amazing if you think about it , freedom of travel ~ ~ everywhere ~ ~ in the eu , closer ties to ~ ~ every country ~ ~ eu members , easy trading and if they federalize a bit more and have an army , they would become stronger and richer than america . 
  sorry it 's late and i 'm in a pedantic mood . 
  took the day off ( some queen 's birthday privilege or some such ) . 
   still betting the vote will be to stay though . 
  i 'm inclined to agree with you . 
  bbc reporters valiant attempts at maintaining impartiality cracking as leave gains more votes . 
  laura kuenssberg looks depressed/scared . 
  if they were put off by rain then they did n't really like the eu enough in the first place . 
  perhaps but then you 'd have to question whether the scotland would have left eventually anyway . 
  surely trial by combat , boris vs dave . 
  yep , there 's no winners when it 's this close . 
  hopefully people will forget about it and just be relieved it 's over rather than repeat the scottish scenario . 
   i mean , unless you think `` the other side '' winning will trigger a nuclear holocaust . 
  but that 's highly unlikely . 
  from the looks of it , some people do . 
  far too early to call . 
  calm down dear . 
  different kind of meltdown , less enjoyable . 
  the same people who gave me so much amusement when the conservatives won the ge are likely remainers . 
  you 've got me !, 
  i have other more adult and complex reasons but there is an underlying motive of curiosity . 
  now , now , let 's be cordial . 
  i think it would create a meltdown too but it would more be along the lines of : `` so many traitors '' `` everyone 's a coward '' the kind of meltdown that comes across as crazy and therefore not as funny . 
  the meltdown from remain people would be like watching a petulant child cry rather than an old person rave . 
  anyone else want the `` leave '' win to see the meltdown on social media sites ? 
  you know all the classics : `` i 'm leaving this shit country '' `` everyone is so dumb '' etc. 
  i voted out , do n't blame me . 
  you have n't seen anything yet ... british ... isles . 
  my username is meant to be contradictory so ... . 
  no , we will continue our traditional role of being the cynical nation in the corner while the eurozone continues to integrate . 
  ah , the beloved status quo . 
  once again london would rule ireland . 
  scotland would leave the uk if england sneezed in its general direction . 
  i know , so boring . 
  i think the main problem is the disconnect between what a lot of pro-eu brits think reform means and what most of the rest of the eu means by reform . 
  democratisation means ceding more power to federal institutions , e.g. 
  european parliament . 
  ( rest of eu definition reforms ) democratisation means returning power to national institutions , e.g. 
  uk parliament . 
  yep , another neverendum . 
  christ . 
  key word buddy :  we really painting the ** entire ** leave campaign with the same brush as this crazy murder ? 
  i mean you 're on the internet and you 're surprised to find incredibly racist/fascist/violent / angry and just generally weird people . 
  i have no doubt that there are other people out there ( beyond our digital realm ) who agree with this loon but it is staggeringly intellectually lazy/dishonest to equate leave to being these people . 
  not saying you 're doing that but this thread is rife with it . 
  although saying that i should probably take my own advice above , lol . 
  look guys i know brexiteers are n't the most popular people around here but are we really painting the entire leave campaign with the same brush as this crazy murder ? 
  and that 's exactly what this debate is about . 
  whether the uk want 's to be part of such a federal state system before it comes to be fully realised . 
  one does n't use the word `` disconcerted '' when `` artificially riling '' oneself up or going all `` wtfy heartbroken '' . 
  but by all means imagine me as such if it helps you . 
  two wrongs ... . 
   i just hope that the eu is n't going to be nasty about it , as i feel that britain is a natural ally and economic partner to continental europe . 
  if britain leaves they should still remain a part of the economic union , similar to norway or switzerland . 
  i really hope the eu remains on good terms with britain even if they leave . 
  i think it depends upon whether the unity of the eu is more important than the unity of the `` west '' . 
  harsh terms would likely be meted out to the uk in the event of brexit to deter further secessionist movements in other members but this would also have the effect of isolating the uk and fracturing the western alliance . 
  brexit itself does n't destroy the western bloc but how others react to it might . 
  as to the uk being a member of the eea ... that 's unlikely . 
  if only because of the requirement of free movement which the british public ( in the event of leave ) would find unpalatable . 
   but what about your germanic cousins on the continent ? 
  almost all of them also speak english . 
  you 'll notice that those cousins are also the more favoured of european nations on the continent : a lot of brits have a nigh infatuation with some of the scandinavian nations . 
  however , the exposure of brits to media and consequently the culture of these nations is still very low in comparison to that of the us . 
  the us also has the historical narrative on its side , although not to the extent that canada , australia etc. 
  has . 
   will they easily grant an economic treaty similar to how it is now , or are they going to be dicks about the brexit ? 
  i hope for the former , but i fear for the latter . 
  if the eu is going to screw over britain for leaving it will just inflame the euroskeptics on the continent .
