hahahaha, 
  did you read the article ? 
  it says in april 2016 , so pre brexit vote . 
  but they still ca n't into homomarriage :(, 
  yeah u got me i 'm so sensitive :(, 
  i 'm so triggered !, 
  i kinda meant the ` slant ' incident , the eany meany incident etc and yeah a little slap ok , drunkenness is now an excuse for violence plus you may consider yourself lazy , but the point of a racist stereotype is that is generalises a group based on allegorical evidence rather than empirical fact, 
  i 'm sure he is . 
  i just ca n't look past the racism and assault lol, 
  he 's a dick head but i ca n't help but find him amusing, 
  some of the funniest people i 've met were german !, 
  quite dry , just like us . 
  this makes me happy, 
  if you 're serious , you 're applying a flat assessment to what is an extremely nuanced situation . 
  there is no single ` country ' to fight for . 
  which side do you chose . 
  the corrupt government , isis , or the various serpratist groups of various levels of craziness ? 
  what do you fight with ? 
  against the heavily armed government who have far superior weapons ? 
  against the isis militants who have stockpiles of weapons ? 
  what i 'd you do n't agree with any group ? 
  what if you 're disabled , or ca n't see very far , or ca n't run very far , or have n't ever held a gun , or fear the very real consequences of capture , or as i 've said , have no reasonable chance of victory ? 
  christ , of course i 'd fucking run away . 
  and you would too , and you 'd be an idiot if you did n't . 
  i 'm so sad that its not normal to indiscrimately shoot people crossing borders illegally, 
  this is a horrible comment totally lacking in any human sympathy . 
  i 'd like to see you take up arms if the current situation in syria occurred in your country . 
  is this sarcasm, 
  because they 're humans ? 
  how can you lack such empathy fuck me, 
  what . 
  your ignorance is baffling, 
  based on what, 
  ` good fucking luck ' is excellent, 
  hey i agree with you there , do n't worry . 
  of course they voted because they thought they had something to gain ... not to spite people , but certainly because they thought that they 'd be better off out of europe than in . 
  they did show disdain for the young by ignoring the potential ramifications to younger people 's lives , surely you ca n't deny that ... 
  do n't be like that . 
  that 's so unfair though . 
  what your saying is that we should be punished for the powers that be perpetuating misinformation ? 
  surely the leaders are the problem here ? 
  you really see no issue with that at all ? 
  i totally agree with you that democracy determines everyone ( barring criminals ) should be treated equally . 
  but why should i not be angry that older people have been selfish with their votes ? 
  what do you expect me to feel ? 
  why would i not be ? 
  i fucking will blame them for voting in something they ` believe in ' . 
  what an insane argument . 
  what so people that vote for the bnp , a racist party , should not be judged ? 
  at what point do you blame people for decisions which are ( from my perspective ) incorrect ? 
  i agree with you in that the referendum should be respected . 
  i just disagree it should have occurred in the first place . 
  it was a cynical move by the pm to gain a majority , and now the future of our country ( especially younger people like myself ) hangs in the balance . 
  democracy is such a fickle thing , and i do n't honestly believe that direct democracy is always a fair measurement . 
  you have to consider who will actually exist under the ramifications of leaving the eu . 
  general elections long term effects are generally less substantial than say , leaving the eu . 
  the effects of this ref will effect me for another 60 years - my bigoted grandparents have on average another 10 years - how is that fair ? 
  those that have had the benefits of the eu membership are taking them away from me and many many others in my position . 
  these decisions should not be so easily made by signing a box . 
  you know i have to disagree with you . 
  a lot of people who voted leave were disgruntled with the eu and did n't understand its benefits . 
  if people had all the information laid out to them , i 'd imagine the vast majority would be supportive . 
  unfortunately the nature of information in the uk is that 's its constantly spun by politicians and the media . 
  you have to realize that a lot of people did n't understand what they were doing . 
  please believe that a huge number of us did n't want this to happen :(, 
   nothing is eaten as hot as it is cooked . 
  that is an excellent analogy . 
  your english is absolutely amazing , how did you get so good at it ? 
  i am very unhappy with the result :(, 
  guys please , a lot of did n't want this :(, 
  come on croatia !, 
  i do n't want to leave and i 'm really worried that we are going to . 
  i am torn . 
  on the one hand i see the burka as a refusal to properly integrate and a symbol of female oppression . 
  at the same time , it probably wo n't solve the issue , and some women will be restricted in their freedoms as a result . 
  albania to me is amazing , so striking, 
  have been to us for extended period of time across about 20 states . 
  with the exception of doctor who , no one had heard of these shows . 
  i watched the thick of it with a lot of americans and they did not get it at all . 
  anecdotal i know , but my experience, 
  what happened in albania ? 
  that 's amazing, 
  but what is that based on . 
  i really ca n't get behind the whole ` i 've got a feeling ' thing , it 's not very reliable . 
  what a story though . 
  my friends family adopted an eritrean refugee last year , a 14 year old boy who walked through the channel tunnel . 
  the way he described his homeland , and the astonishment he felt at certain things we see as normal ( books , women driving cars etc ) was amazing to behold . 
  the way he described life there , as a choice between joining the militia and death and being a committed wife or penury convinced me he probably would n't go back for the holidays . 
  he still called his real parents , but it was n't like a nice holiday . 
  sorry i know it 's a joke , just seen it on reddit a lot . 
  i do agree with you though, 
  that 's just like , your opinion man, 
  most people i know wear them , and no one i know calls them an abomination . 
  is this a reddit thing, 
  am i missing something ? 
  what 's wrong with skinny jeans ? 
  ( full disclosure , i really like skinny jeans and do n't generally wear boot cut etc ), 
  low effort meme, 
   in my opinion you ca n't call yourself an educated and cultured european if you do n't know both cyrillic and greek scripts . 
  lol ?
