  that 's not how this works . 
  if we do n't negotiate a right of residence ( which likes comes hand in hand with a right of eu citizens to reside in the uk ) , then we lose it for the whole eu . 
  individual member states ca n't strike up a bargain about this sort of thing , it 's not like you can get spain on the phone and make a deal where we have right of residence in spain but not elsewhere in the eu . 
  and the whole point of bargaining is working out what the eu wants - so if we 're given the option of keeping freedom of movement , we could decide to keep it and continue to have eu residents come to live and work here and vice-versa ( which would be a combination of our and europe 's democratic decision ) . 
  it kinda feels like you 're sticking your fingers in your ears and going `` la la la it 's going to be fine '' . 
  depending on just how the brexit negotiations go , it 's * not * going to be fine . 
  things * might * be fine , but we 're not sure yet , and we ca n't just bank on stuff turning out all hunky dory . 
  one thing that 's not going to happen , though , is british citizens having the right to live and work in the eu as they see fit if eu citizens do n't have the right to live and work in the uk under freedom of movement . 
  although if you really wanted to harm the jews , you 'd probably either attack a synagogue or hit up stamford hill , which has the largest haredi community in europe and its own ambulance and security services run by haredi jews . 
   someone has to pay for it . 
  yes , but i 'm talking about free at point of access . 
  if they lose the ehic then the pensioners themselves will have to pay for private health insurance or face really big hospital bills . 
  australia is different as either the pensioners there have claimed citizenships or they 're workers who have retired there . 
  the whole point of freedom of movement is right of residence . 
  if freedom of movement is scrapped , then there 's no right of residence in spain and if the people in question ca n't obtain citizenship ( one of the requirements is having lived in spain for 10 years ) then they may well be facing leaving . 
  it kinda sounds like you 're burying your head in the sand . 
  if those pensioners are n't kicked out , they 'll stop having free healthcare under ehic ... and they only retain coverage by ehic if we 're part of the free travel agreement . 
  i 'm agreeing with you . 
  shorts should be considered as an option in hot weather . 
  if people are saying that shorts are unacceptable because `` hairy man legs '' , then the argument falls to pieces because of skirts . 
  yes , but they 'll either have an australian parent/grandparent , or they will have negotiated work visas . 
  in the same way that nobody is sure that eu workers currently in the uk will be able to stay , there 's no guarantee that uk workers in the eu will be able to stay . 
  non eu citizens , as it stands , have to apply for a [ blue card ] ( https://www.apply.eu/ ) ... and in many eu countries , depending on the job , your employer has to prove that there are no suitable candidates within the eea that are capable of doing the job . 
  brits abroad face a big potential headache , and depending on their situation , no guarantee that they 'll be able to stay where they are . 
  europe wants free movement of workers , it 's one of the four economic freedoms of the european union - freedom of movement for labour , capital , goods and services . 
  the eu can say `` you can continue to trade with us as long as you accept free movement of workers , like [ norway and switzerland ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/intelligence/immigration-and-justice/norway-and-switzerland/ ) . '', 
  given the uk needs to continue being in the single market as much , or possibly more than , the eu needs us to continue staying in the single market , there 's no reason for the eu to expect to budge on it and certainly hollande has said that he would obstruct attempts to negotiate a `` you do n't have to accept eu workers '' deal . 
  additionally , the main reasons we are valuable to the eu is because we buy things . 
  some of our wealth is generated through [ passporting ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-36630606 ) , which allows the city to trade so easily as a financial hub , and thus also props up associated industries such as financial services . 
  additionally eu subsidies were keeping open e.g. 
  port talbot and helping make british agriculture profitable . 
  if we lose out on these things , we wo n't necessarily be such a trading asset . 
  why exactly would the eu accept us restricting eu workers but getting all the single market access perks , when they can just say `` no you ca n't do that '' and sit pretty on waiting for us to crack ? 
  i imagine they 'd rather not pack up shop and have to go back to the uk . 
  yeah , we just had to wear suits . 
  which then lead to a series of conversations about `` appropriate '' ties and/or shirts . 
  i mean , gaelic is not widely spoken in ireland even if it 's their official language , and likewise for maltese in malta . 
  they 're both eu members that speak english . 
  i mean , it does sound draconian , but i 'm not that fussed about school uniform as long as there are options for weather appropriate wear . 
  i kinda get the phone thing too - if kids can take pictures in school , they can use them to bully each other ; having a brick phone means you can phone your parents if you need to sort getting home but stops you accessing the internet etc. 
  while in class . 
  the parking thing was unfair but a combination of the school literally not having enough space and a local resident 's association ( our school was near a hospital so people used to park in the streets , which stopped the people who lived there being able to park ) . 
  jewellery is typically disallowed on school premises and the uniform is standardised . 
  additionally my school had a rule that all smartphones and camera phones were against the rules , and you were n't allowed to have them out during school or else you 'd get a saturday detention - and i know other schools had rules banning mobile phones full stop . 
  we were n't allowed to drive to school either as the school said it was n't their job to provide parking to students , and the majority of roads nearby were resident parking only . 
  then again , these days social media is a massive deal so i suppose kids could just use presence-or-absence of snazzy stuff on instagram to decide who to bully . 
  this way they still have to look at hairy man legs , just in a skirt . 
  i 'm also fairly sure it would be illegal to tell a woman to shave her legs if she was wearing a skirt . 
  that 's a relatively recent development - girls were n't allowed to wear trousers at my school until 2003 . 
  the defence would be that the skirts and trousers are part of a uniform ; girls can either wear the school uniform skirts or the school uniform trousers ( or the school uniform gingham dresses ) . 
  girls ca n't just wear a random skirt or some random trousers . 
  either way , boys should have warm weather options available . 
  yeah , they had to wear them year round . 
  it was just as ridiculous . 
  likewise my uk primary school did n't let girls wear trousers until 2003 . 
  it was skirts or pinafore dresses only . 
  college in british english speaking countries usually refers to a sixth form college for 16-18 year olds , rather than university . 
  american schools are somewhat different as they do n't typically have school uniforms . 
  up until relatively recently a lot of primary school children [ had to wear shorts year round ] ( http://www.nyewood-inf.w-sussex.sch.uk/_files/images/7ddeb7157e18a5dfb2121339056840c2.jpg ) . 
   nobody wants to see hairy legs the obvious counterpoint is that schools do not force girls to shave their legs , and some girls do have hairy legs ( although to be fair they 'd probably get bullied about it ) . 
  the trousers are definitely not cooler than wearing shorts as school uniform trousers are usually fleecy/wooly and dark colours . 
  it 's a bit ridiculous to hold children to such a stringent standard when they could just wear shorts - and overly warm children tend not to learn so well , which is the primary purpose of going to school . 
  also it was n't so long ago that it was mandatory for at least primary school children [ to wear shorts year round ] ( http://www.nyewood-inf.w-sussex.sch.uk/_files/images/7ddeb7157e18a5dfb2121339056840c2.jpg ) . 
  schools can be incredibly arbitrary about that sort of thing here . 
  we were n't allowed to take our blazers off even in the midst of summer , and the sports outfit was always shorts no matter the weather ( which lead to us getting cut and bloodied when forced to do pushups in frozen mud ), 
   i doubt most of them would be so strict on the rule that kids would end up protesting over it . 
  i think you underestimate how bloody minded some schools can be . 
  `` shorts are not part of the uniform therefore you can not wear shorts '' would be as far as the conversation would go in a lot of places . 
  my school did n't even let you walk around with your blazer off no matter how hot it got . 
  school uniform trousers are generally made of an oddly specific fleecy material . 
  in the same way that you would n't be allowed to wear any formal/suit trousers , you would n't be able to wear random formal shorts . 
  although this , again , is a problem that could be overcome with common sense . 
  technically without northern ireland and scotland it 's just the [ kingdom of england ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_england ) ( wales does n't get a look in ), 
  they can use all the addysg gyfrwng cymraeg that will be shutting down now the welsh language wo n't be getting eu money :(, 
  to be fair , i always get confused how to do that when i 'm on a mac !, 
   if the eu was so bad , how come he has n't said a mumbling fucking word about it , while he was getting his picture taken with eastern european workers on the many job sites in london ? 
  because he assumed `` leave '' would lose , but he 'd get brownie points for being on the leave campaign and listening to everyone who wanted to leave , and thus get to be prime minister . 
  [ hence how he looked at his `` victory '' ] ( http://indy100.independent.co.uk/image/26809-7azh90.jpg ) and thus [ his rambling nonsense about his post brexit plan ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/26/i-cannot-stress-too-much-that-britain-is-part-of-europe--and-alw/ ) ( that his aides have literally said to ignore because he was `` tired '' ) and the fact he did n't even show up to parliament for the brexit discussion . 
   51.9 % of the uk citizens , mostly the seniors actually if you factor in the 72 % voter turnout into the equation , it 's around about 37 % of the citizens who voted to leave . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't speak russian . 
  my friend just got granted asylum , he 's gay and from russia, 
  the unstated message in that video seemed to be `` we need your help to get to glass-co ... so donate to us ! '' . 
  people are more likely to donate to your trip to help poor people than they are to donate to your trip to go on holiday . 
  edit : [ it 's worse than i thought . 
  ] ( https://www.hopeww.org/blog/hycinfo/ )  come spend two weeks in historic , ruggedly beautiful scotland where your personal impact will be keenly felt in both the physical and spiritual renovation of the nation 's largest city , glasgow !, 
   planted firmly with courage and faith in a working-class urban area of two million , the glasgow church is only 20 disciples , with a huge vision to reach out to the over 100,000 university students in the city and establish a thriving , sustainable student ministry . 
  come help inspire the church as we share our faith and study the bible with students at the main international universities in glasgow . 
  come help revitalize the city as we work in one of the poorest neighborhoods in the nation , partnering with a local community organization to help transform unused urban space for a local school . 
  we 'll learn construction skills shoulder to shoulder with local volunteers . 
  we 'll be trained in daily , practical bible classes by evangelist/teacher/missionary andy fleming . 
  we 'll spend a weekend exploring the medieval old city of edinburgh and hiking along the coast high above the firth of forth . 
  we 'll be welcomed into the scottish disciples ' homes , moved by the unforgettable sound of bagpipes and dancing till we drop at a traditional gaelic c\u00e8ilidh . 
  come spend your strength where you will know you have made a difference : glasgow hyc 2016 !, 
  they 'd be raising around $ 4k to get the both of them over to scotland and pay for board etc. 
  like all of these things , it might be better if they raised that money and gave it directly to local charities , but of course then they would n't get to spread the good word and have a nice little holiday . 
  this would be so nice . 
  science direct always screws up when i try to use my openathens login . 
  ( open access of information to all is obviously a good thing ), 
  i recommend you watch [ no b\u00e9arla ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyll-bbzzyk ) , which is one man 's attempt to travel around ireland speaking only irish . 
  irish is rarely spoken outside of the gaeltacht .
