/ thread, 
  is that what ukraine was asking for ? 
  you answered the question diplomatically . 
  your interpretation of help obviously varies on the circumstances , which it should . 
  so , when should we expect the eu to intervene in ukraine ? 
  politics trump goodwill . 
  i appreciate the comment , but we are n't talking about the kind-heartedyou are me . 
  we are talking about complex state issues where a politician can easily lose his job if they make the wrong move, 
  i agree with half of that sentiment . 
  i think both the people and country would benefit economically in serbia . 
  i do n't think there is really any question about that . 
  however it would come at a cost : kosovo , some sovereignty , reform social issues . 
  but you being native obviously sees it differently than i do . 
  i am curious if you have any recent poll numbers on what the populace thinks of eu ascension . 
  the most recent one i have is from 2012 : /, 
  thanks for the link . 
  so , as i understand it ... being in the eu allows you to live and work anywhere and schengen is a non-eu treaty which simply allows for the free movement of persons ( but does not allow you to live/work in any eu country ), 
  insightful , thanks . 
  you threw a twister in there at the end which seems to contradict the main sentiment of your post . 
  surely , a republic for serbs only will never happen . 
  would n't the close thing a republic of serbs be a borderless union ? 
  in the past , has n't serbia always been shy about incorporating the srpska ? 
  i was checking the fdi and , while the numbers are up , they 've received more fdi in the mid 2000 's before signing an saa in 2010, 
  can you clear this up for me then ... romanian is n't in schengen , but they can live and work where ever they want right now ? 
  well when you put it that way ... 
  is there talks of serbia joining schengen , too ? 
  i know they are able to enter schengen zone visa free , but for it to be a single-market they would have to be allowed to work anywhere without any permits . 
  i am not sure i see that happening anytime soon, 
  it was n't originally , but it appears it is a per-condition for ascension, 
  the same reason the eu has let other questionable members in . 
  influence , money , security , all are subcategories of the main triumph : power . 
  for ages europe was torn by war and now germany is best buds with many of it 's neighbors . 
  interlinking economies and government give the eu a unique bit of security . 
  you can ask yourself why the eu wants x country and it boils down to power . 
  why is ukraine such a contentious issue ... ? 
  why does the eu so badly want ukraine ? 
  power . 
  the less influence russia has in the region makes the eu more powerful . 
  so you 're point is theyve `` aligned '' with russia and serbia is too stupid to leverage this . 
  despite the obvious stupidity , i still feel the need to tell you that serbia is in fact capitalizing on this . 
  your definition of alignment seems a bit skewed , but i do n't want to stop you from living in that imaginary world of yours . 
  why is a minor at a bar ? 
  it is the parent 's responsibility to teach their children right from wrong . 
  furthermore , in the absence of parenting a bar , or any establishment for that matter , can refuse service . 
  i do n't see a need for a law when the merchant could very well tell them no . 
  i have a problem with a state discerning what is morally acceptable, 
  i understand that sentiment from an eu perspective , but let 's take a look at serbia 's perspective . 
  if you were the pm of serbia , are you seriously going to say no to a deal that would enormously benefit your country while continuously benefiting from an eu partnership deal ? 
  if i am serbia , i would absolutely try to capitalize in on this , considering it makes serbia stronger . 
  if the ultimate goal is for the eu is to bring in serbia , would n't the eu want a stronger economy in serbia for eu products ? 
  i see this as a win-win for serbia , russia , and the eu, 
  will they ban coffee , too ? 
  at what point does the onus shift to the parent 's and their responsibility for letting their sons and daughters consume energy drinks ? 
  surely , if this was such a tragic epidemic , ngo 's begin grassroots efforts in educating the populace of the harms of energy drinks in regards to minors ... 
  almaty has no chance ? 
  what school if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  if you do , then what state ? 
  also , is your school one that accepts fafsa from the united states department of education ? 
  i 'm in piter now . 
  the navy would have to come soon because i 'd need to hitch a ride somehow, 
  i do n't think putin was necessarily talking about starting a war and breaching warsaw in two days . 
  i think putin is literally saying that it would take two days to get his troops there . 
  that border crossing is time consuming, 
  i do n't necessarily know if ukraine is going backwards per se , but it could be because of urbanization . 
  many people are going to the city to find work which may correspond with why lights around major cities become more dim while the major cities become brighter, 
  thanks for the input . 
  i 've been to krakow and prague ... i 've seen several relevant programs in warsaw , too . 
  i 'd love the opportunity . 
  i just need to do some more research and figure out he financing, 
  nice !, 
  i came across this program on mastersportal.eu . 
  i have it on my shortlist currently . 
  i feel as though the erasmus mundus is highly competitive so i have to consider the cost without acceptance into the em program, 
  i disagree . 
  you can not do much with a bachelor 's , but with a masters in those disciplines it really changes the game , especially considering the organizations i plan on applying to, 
  i do not have the right to citizenship . 
  i checked . 
  i almost meet the qualifications for italy ... but close does not help . 
  i want to study within the social sciences discipline ... international relations , european studies , development ... ect . 
  i have will obtained a bachelor 's in international trade and political science this december . 
  i want to study within the social sciences discipline ... international relations , european studies , development ... ect . 
  i 've interned at the osce in bosnia and have a fascination with the various cultures within europe and i am interested in the politics and eu-non eu relations . 
  as for eu citizenship , i do not recall where i mentioned that , but that is not the case . 
  did your school accept fafsa ? 
  if not , how did you acquire said loans ? 
  how long was your program ? 
  how much did you take out in loans outside of what went towards tuition ? 
  i am looking at a couple schools in the netherlands . 
  the more info you can provide the better . 
  feel free to pm if you 're not comfortable sharing that information with everyone . 
  this is the sort of information that i really looking for and would be immensely helpful . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't mean to be combative . 
  but from all my research , yulia tymoshenko is actually quite the opposite . 
  in fact , the current regime has painted her as such so she would have less influence on the people . 
  at least in american politics that makes sense . 
  you make a false accusation during a political race and , even if it isnt true , it significantly huts the other candidate . 
  she was a huge reason why the orange revolution happened ... and if i remember correctly was thrown into jail for `` abusing her powers '' . 
  there are clearly two distinct sides regarding yulia tymoshenko . 
  i worked for the osce ( organization for security and cooperation in europe ) .
