  in fact , i visit this area often . 
  however , my city was also home to terrorists , too . 
  6 , in fact from yemen . 
  so it goes both ways . 
  it 's not all rainbows and butterflies like most people on reddit try to paint it . 
  however , it certinaly is not as bad as some try to paint it also . 
  what does his ethnicity have anything to do with it ? 
  if you believe the chinese middle class is going to increase their traveling and spending to 54 billion in a year , you might be the retard . 
  54 billion usd goes to europe in travel . 
  yet , i am supposed to believe the chinese middle class will increase their traveling and spending by 1387478.00 % ? 
  lol so salty . 
  so few americans will even care about this . 
  it only hurts europe . 
  it is like shooting yourself in the foot with your own gun . 
  i hope it works out well for you, 
  lol . 
  so salty . 
  they 're going to replace 50 + billion ... okay, 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  california is not a country and can not pass any such law . 
  the eu is not a country . 
  the eu is many countries . 
  it 's not a federalized state like america and i am sure that this is going to piss off eu countries who see a larger chunk of american travel revenue . 
  still each country has their own embassy in d.c. not an eu embassy because they 're not s country and each country still has it 's own self interests, 
  exactly . 
  they 're not a country but exact to be treated as such, 
  if 54 billion evaporated from already set budgets there will be repercussions . 
  that 's very short-sighted of you . 
  europe has already had a lot of problems with youth unemployment , what happens when hostels and hotels see fewer visitors ? 
  what about the small businessman who own kebab or souvenir shops or the little guy who makes extra cash doing walking tours or tending the bar at the touristy friendly place next to the hostel ? 
  it is difficult for most americans to plan a trip ... with our shorter vacation time , i doubt they 'll even consider europe now and will look towards south america or staying in-country . 
  this really only hurts europe . 
  54 billion ? 
  this hurts europe more than anyone ... few americans travel to europe anyways . 
  many europeans go to america ... i expect trump to bring down the hammer, 
  eu is not a country . 
  why would other countries treat it as such ? 
  nobody is forcing you to visit america, 
  lol that is how it is for every citizen who needs a visa . 
  do it . 
  be salty . 
  americans and their money will go right around poland . 
  lol please . 
  i got denied at the niagara falls border because i told them i was going to the casino and when they asked how much cash i had on me , i said 0 . 
  he did n't understand or care to hear about the invention of debit cards . 
  not to mention randomly getting my car searched everytime i try to go to the beach, 
  i 'll never understand why people are apprehensive about giving visas to countries that do n't reciprocate . 
  i like poland . 
  i 've traveled there before . 
  it 's free money for your country . 
  i always look at belarus as an example . 
  it 's especially pricey to get a visa there because they use the same standards as other countries ? 
  why ? 
  it 's not like belarus is a rich country , why not open it up and create a new industry instead of being salty, 
  to be fair , my el savadorian overstayed as well . 
  they gave no problems leaving, 
  are there other versions ? 
  this is great, 
  what the hell are you even talking about ? 
  i seriously do n't know what point you 're trying to get across . 
  just because a girl is attractive does n't mean that they 're interested in you . 
  the first time i was in riga , i got lucky off tinder while i spent the week there . 
  the second i spent a month , but was in a relationship . 
  latvian girls have no interest in foreigners . 
  they love latvian guys . 
  the same can be said for lithuanians , too . 
  also , as far as your experience goes . 
  riga is n't exactly the hottest destination for foreigners , anyways . 
  other than a british stag party it does n't see the same numbers of travelers as other hot eastern european spots . 
  so , the chance is n't there . 
  we are talking about hottest girls in eastern europe , not easiest to lay with . 
  please re read the comment string so you understand, 
  it 's better, 
   they keep their shape after 35 . 
  whereas slavic women tend to formshift after marriage and the first kid ... i heard ... :-) you are absolutely correct . 
  i am not interested in 35 plus , so i have n't really gotten there yet . 
  it seems like once they hit 35 transform into a babushka . 
  nordic women definitely age better , but under 35 slavic women are the best in the world . 
  we should make a poll . 
  but i think it would be skewed given that most people have never been to eastern europe , let alone russia . 
  so that 's a bad thing ? 
  i do n't live in moscow, 
  you 're really just grasping at air here . 
  i do n't think that if he evenhwent to russia , knifed putin , and brought his head back on a stick would you be pleased ... you would say invent something else to hate him for . 
  well , imagine the implication if they are n't involved he implicated them . 
  personally , i am still waiting for actual proof instead of political posturing . 
  i mean , the cia can tell the media they found evidence and then not answer to congress when asked to show this evidence ? 
  assange , who is shooting 100 % and previously helped to expose republicans , said it was n't a hack . 
  i 'll trust someone with nothing to gain , who has been correct every time , instead of the media who has gotten everything wrong every time this last couple years . 
  just saying , i need some actual proof before we go witchhunting first, 
  i 've been to every country eastern europe , except belarus , because fuck belarus . 
  i am really fascinated with the culture and history there , women are just a bonus . 
  poland is pretty good , no where near russia . 
  my dad visited me in russia and after 2 days he made a comment that kind of stuck out at me ... `` i still have n't seen a fat girl yet '' . 
  in poland , they are a little less quality . 
  honestly , if i am ranking them , because why not , it 's friday and we are doing dick all at work today ... i am going to combine some countries here , because let 's face it , they 're super similar 1 . 
  albania 4 . 
  latvia - okay , yes , there are a lot of russians , but latvians are extremely tall and beautiful 5 . 
  ukraine 6 . 
  poland 7 .
