  i just do n't understand the decision including some of these countries and not others ... some countries included were not even nato members at that time , while some activenato members are n't included in this chart . 
  it just seems all over the place . 
  maybe i cant see them on mobile ? 
  but it looks like switzerland , slovenia , croatia , bosnia , serbia , montenegro , moldova , russia , belarus , and ukraine are absent ... unless this is just a poll of countries who were part of the coalition ? 
  i do n't remember , but the the title is misleading when it references europe . 
  ( seemingly as a whole ) and leaves out 10 countries, 
  i hate these maps that do n't include the bulk of eastern europe, 
  freedom of movement of workers ... there are some ways around it , but a person can not freely move to uk and not be searching for work if they 're an eu country . 
  if the country is in schengen then it does n't matter . 
  do n't conflate the two, 
  the more you know !, 
  good stuff, 
   once they are exercising their eu treaty rights by working can you expand on this ? 
  by working where ? 
  by working in general ? 
  if mr. smith is working in cork as a shoe salesman and abruptly quits after make a lot of money , can he still move to germany and live there forever and never work there on the basis he is financially self-sufficient ? 
  in op 's case in that thread , it does n't seem like he has ever worked in ireland , only in canada as a canadian citizen . 
  could he still just live in germany forever and never work ? 
  ------------ interesting with the citizenship laws . 
  i qualify for hungarian citizenship , but i at least have to be able to speak the language . 
  there is no similar rule ? 
  not even sure . 
  we went there from tbilisi . 
  i am sure it is pretty easy considering the amount of transportation available . 
  check our rome2rio, 
  they were being occupied by ukraine . 
  ukraine suppressed any attempt at crimea legally trying to leave . 
  it took a bigger , stronger country to make it happen - and they got their wish . 
  yes !, 
  food tastes so bland without some proper hot sauce . 
  i can find the little tabasco sauce around town , but nothing with actual taste or heat , which is sad, 
  last part was a joke , of course . 
  it was a joke , relax, 
  i went to sweden back in ' 12 . 
  i did n't really know what to expect in terms of food . 
  my swedish friend who works in the u.s. but lives in sweden for the summer was there . 
  we decided to meet immediately after unpacking . 
  i asked him to bring us to a swedish place and i shit you not , we turn the corner and he tried taking us to tgi friday 's . 
  i thought it was hilarious , but was more hilarious was that the line was out the door . . 
  he did n't really know what qualified as `` swedish '' food , so we just ended up eating wok from a street vendor . 
  however , i did end up getting a nice swedish meal with fresh picked mushrooms later in the trip . 
  but for real , though . 
  american food is probably close to 100x better than anything europe can cook up , minus georgian of course , 
  because outside of europe , people have tastebuds . 
  grease , butter , and love ... but make sure the person cooking was a real georgia babushka , otherwise it is not authentic, 
  lol maybe so . 
  i am not some food critic by any means and i know my taste in food do not align with most of europe , so all i can tell you is from my person experience . 
  i 've traveled to a fuck ton of places and a lot of them claim , like you mentioned , to have the best food . 
  most of the time it is laughable at best ; however , i think any ranking system without georgia in the top 3 is a shame . 
  not only do they have so many unique dishes , the taste is utterly divine . 
  i ended up going to sleep at 9 because i was in a food coma every night . 
  khachupuri po adjarskii is some of the best tasting food i 've ever had . 
  if you are curious as to how to judge this comment based on my other tastes , i also recognise mexican and indian food pretty highly and georgia is on par if not better, 
  crimea may not wholly be russia , but it is far more russia 's territory than it will ever be ukraine 's . 
  i am curious if you guys in / r/europe have ever challenged the media or do you enjoy being spoon fed their narrative ? 
  i 'll take more downvotes , whatever . 
  i high encourage people to do their own research and not take what i say or what the media says as truth . 
  as someone who has their master 's in eurasian studies and * was * a pretty staunch liberal , i was appalled by russia 's actions , but the more i questioned it the more it became obvious that crimea does not belong to ukraine . 
  i love ukraine , as you should to . 
  it 's an amazing place . 
  i 've been to kiev twice and was hosted by a fabulous group of people before spending my summer in odessa . 
  however , we need to look at the situation as it is . 
  let 's start top to bottom [ 83 % of the people believe that the results of the referendum reflected the views of most crimeans , according to gallup ] ( https://www.bbg.gov/wp-content/media/2014/06/ukraine-slide-deck.pdf ) [ 91 % thought the referenedum was free and fair and a whopping 88 % said that ukraine needs to recognize the results , according to pew research ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2014/05/pew-global-attitudes-ukraine-russia-report-final-may-8-2014.pdf ) [ russians account for over 65 % of population in crimea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea ) which is telling considering the polls where some numbers had 91 % of crimeans in favor of the annexation ( tartars 12.2 % - ukrainians 15.7 % ) crimea was absorbed into the russian empire in the 18th century , soon establishing a naval base in sevastopol . 
  [ the whole 1954 `` transfer '' of crimea ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2014/02/27/283481587/crimea-a-gift-to-ukraine-becomes-a-political-flash-point ) was actually illegitimate . 
  nikita krushchev 's gift was never ratified or even approved by the duma . 
  the general secretary of the ussr had this to say , `` it was somewhat symbolic , somewhat trying to reshuffle the centralized system ... '' no wonder , it was never approved because it was seen as merely symbolic . 
  today 's example could be like the u.s. symbolically giving new york to new jersey ... 
  when the soviet union was dissolving , republics were quickly trying to establish themselves . 
  crimea wanted nothing to do with ukraine at the time , seeking independence . 
  crimea desperately did were trying distance themselves , but ukraine silenced votes , disregarded them , and simply did not recognize what crimea wanted . 
  well , crimea got what it wanted . 
  crimea is back with russia and the occupation of ukraine is now over . 
  marie le pen is seen as some crazy person when she goes around saying this ... but research proves otherwise . 
  go ahead , research it for yourself with an open mind . 
  i know the outcome for most of you will be scary . 
  this does n't mean i hate ukraine and love russia . 
  because i very much enjoy both of them . 
  edit : 1 reply and only downvotes . 
  it leads me to believe that some people do n't care about the truth and only care about the narrative , `` putin is an evil war monger '' . 
  where are you from ? 
  i am generally curious . 
  why should n't their be free travel for ukraine ? 
  occupied by ukraine ? 
  except if your flight originates from russia, 
  check out batumi and mt. 
  kazbek as well as some of the wineries where you can do a tour, 
  georgians have the best food in the world . 
  if you have n't tried it , you need to immediately, 
  cool , what is your ethnicity ? 
  i like to know everyone 's so i know how to properly judge . 
  the same reason op needed to tell us that he was of iraqi ethnicity ... 
   we get to hear `` their culture is too different '' this , and `` they do n't even want to integrate '' that , all the time . 
  of course when you paint broad generalities like that , there will always be examples like this . 
  also , i do not think it is a question of them wanting to integrate , maybe they do , maybe they do n't . 
  a lot do not have the skills ( language , trade skills , or relevant job experience ) to integrate . 
  maybe some do n't want to integrate , who knows , but some just simply ca n't even if they wanted to however , their culture is very different . 
  to me , that is not even debateable . 
  also , whether they do n't want to integrate or they want to integrate but struggle in trying ... a lot have not integrated . 
  in my city in the u.s. , we get a ton of immigrants from iraq -- kurds mostly . 
  a lot of them have opened businesses .
