  balkans though , for me the difference between latvia , ukraine , poland , and the balkans is very small . 
  the top 3 are on a completely different level . 
  also , these 7 here are light years ahead of america . 
  some of the most disappointing countries i 've been to in terms of women . 
  estonia 2 . 
  finland 3 . 
  bulgaria most surprising countries with very pretty women 1 . 
  turkey 2 . 
  georgia, 
  i did misread your comment , but did find where he had condemned it . 
  [ right here ] ( https://youtu.be/svlsonsxcus?t=142 ) also , here are some other videos explaining his relationship ( lack thereof ) with putin/russia https://youtu.be/d2uhy1say_y?t=47 https://youtu.be/ptgrk0smgww?t=85 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifs5csp5frm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvrdjjixbsc, 
  why ? 
  estonia is pointless . 
  riga might be worth it , but that 's about it, 
  well , obviously . 
  how else is he would he and putin save the world ? 
  genuinely curious since people seem to be pulling shit out of their ass in this thread . 
  do we have any proof yet of russian espionage ? 
  do you think snowden is included or is there a source you can provide ? 
  do you know how these guys on twitter received this information ? 
  i live in russia . 
  the food and the weather sucks , bureaucracy is painful , but the culture , women , nightlife , and opportunity for a foreigner to make money is not comparable . 
  i am pretty sure he did on say that on several occasions . 
  since media wo n't report on that , he did say it live during a national debate, 
  what does `` yes '' mean and what does `` no '' mean ? 
  those uzbek fruits are overpriced . 
  if you go to a market they are more expensive than the large , overpriced international grocery store . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of [ tiger rectum soup ] ( http://www.exploretastetravel.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/tiger-penis-soup.jpg ), 
  i recently brought back some canadian wine and beer for my russian girlfriend . 
  we have a habit of picking up beer if someone travels somewhere and give it to her dad . 
  he said it was one of the more tasty beer 's he has had . 
  i should probably temper their expectations on the wine , though, 
  yes , but fruits , like palmelo , are n't readily available anywhere on the east coast . 
  i ca n't speak for anywhere else . 
  and those sea buckthorn berries ... never seen those in the states , either, 
   fruit is outrageously expensive and basically inaccessible to the general population lmao wtf ??? 
  i 've lived in russia for 3 years now and this person 's statement this is not even close to being true . 
   and it brings me to my next point , what are things that maybe the general population take for granted but are difficult to get in other places ? 
  fyi , there are a lot of unique and tasty fruits that you 've never tried that are available in russia and not the u.s. 
  the most common fruit is cheap in russia ... vegetables are basically free . 
  i never get any upvotes in this / r / . 
  i am not sure what is happening, 
  i like the uk more since brexit, 
  i do n't know what it is called by germans . 
  it is a promenade , nonethless, 
  are you a really sensitive person ? 
  did i say something negative about immigrants ? 
  i am confused or as that only your perception ? 
  seems like you think you 're always being attacked and always on the defensive . 
  i made an observation and stated such observation , you drew your own conclusions . 
  they were . 
  we did n't even realize we had n't seen a german until we sat down to eat and the waitress took our order, 
  should i get my eyes checked ? 
  what is your prescription ? 
  well , you 'd be right, 
  okay , i agree that they could very well be tourists from dubai or something like that , but that still plays into open borders whether they 're immigrants or tourists from any region ... limiting the obstruction of people into your country is constituting as open borders, 
  so , what i saw for several days was a mirage sort of like an oasis in the desert ? 
  maybe they were projections of my imagination ? 
  i had n't considered that , but thanks for bringing it up . 
  my observation was that munich had a lot of immigrants . 
  during the day , i saw practically no germans except those working in shops and restaurants . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  so please , find the specific statistic that shows the percentage of people that are in the shopping promenade that are immigrants . 
  there is no such stat . 
  maybe , in general , there are few immigrants compared to germans , but during the day in the promenade , i only saw . 
  immigrants . 
  like i said , nothing wrong with that , just my observation and to be more specific , the immigrants i am referring to appeared to look turkish , middle eastern and or maybe berber, 
  if you have n't noticed that reddit is highly sensitive to word the word immigrant and any possible negatively and have n't noticed that / r/europe is like this 10x more then you might be living in an echo chamber, 
  munich but when i was in berlin and nuremberg there were far less immigrants . 
  i did n't even notice at first until my colleague said that he had n't seen a german person until we sat down to order drinks . 
  this was on the promenade, 
  did you take it as a negative . 
  are you not allowed to say the word `` immigrant '' in germany anymore ? 
  are you offended ? 
  walking in munich , there were only immigrants in the promenade . 
  the only germans there were the ones working . 
  if you want to take it as an insult go ahead . 
  but it was not . 
  just a fact . 
  i am getting downvoted because i hurt everyone 's feels by saying `` immigrant '' . 
  yes , walking down the promenade in munich the only germans that were present were the ones working . 
  what 's best is you take it as a negative, 
  i went to germany 2 months . 
  saw 0 germans during the day , only immigrants . 
  i think `` wants open borders `` is too late . 
  they already have open borders . 
  edit : downvotes for speaking the truth . 
  god damn what an echo chamber this website is, 
  sahkalin islands maybe ? 
  for the idiot who downvoted ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sakhalin  sakhalin was claimed by both russia and japan over the course of the 19th and 20th centuries . 
  these disputes sometimes involved military conflict and divisions of the island between the two powers . 
  your bias aside , he has a trump tower in azerbaijan . 
  i am fairly certain he is aware of the existence of tajikistan, 
  is n't it ironic that / r/europe bashes trumps ego ( which he has ) ... and then upvotes something as pretentious , ego-fulfilling , and desperate as trying to get trump to hold her hand on the basis that she outranks her ? 
  honestly , you need to get over yourself, 
  i looks like he is completely confused an le pen is making a mockery of him . 
  what actually happened here ? 
  so , i found myself agreeing with reddit regarding turkey . 
  then i realized how often i usually disagree with reddit , so do the people in favor of erdogan think ? 
  i guess i am asking this because i can not find concrete date on crime rates in european cities .
