  their main function was to work with the european union and the government of bosnia and herzegovina to harmonize laws which are in line with eu standards . 
  i spent most of the time talking with different ngo 's ( there are a lot of them ! ) . 
  so you understand my perspective , i am a 26 male . 
  the first couple weeks i was there it was really hard to talk to anyone . 
  everyone seemed distant and wary of strangers . 
  there were even one time where i asked for directions and they looked at me and laughed and carried on their way . 
  however the other times i have asked people were quite accommodating . 
  the key thing here is making friends . 
  luckily , i was introduced to some bosnians . 
  once you are in a social circle it is truly a different experience . 
  they are engaging , talkative , friendly , caring , everything you can imagine . 
  but it was just getting introduced that made all the difference !, 
  the girls there are amazing . 
  your typical slavic frame and dark hair really caught my interest . 
  even if a girl were going down the street to get some bread they would be dressed to the nines ... heels and everything . 
  the men are not the dainty , clean shaven chaps you 'd fine in the u.s. , these guys have got thick , hairy chests , deep toned voices , and it seems mostly all of them are balding . 
  their english is quite amazing . 
  everyone in my social circle spoke english at a very high level , but it could vary . 
  this is why i was bummed when i was laughed at when i asked for directions , because everyone under 25 knows english . 
  i noticed a lot of customer service ( waiters ) did not speak english as great and would become irritated when you spoke it . 
  i remember ordering a coca cola and getting a pepsi and a jager -- i did not complain . 
  the city itself was truly spectacular . 
  nestled in a valley and surrounded by mountains , sarajevo really caught my eye . 
  their market ( bascarsijia ) was bustling !, 
  everyday this expansive market would be crammed with people who were there to shop , pray , or just take in the scenery . 
  i was there during ramadan and i thought that this would really hamper the daily/nightly hustle , but instead ramadan turned sarajevo into one of the most lively cities i 've ever seen . 
  as soon as dusk hit you 'd have to penetrate through thick crowds to grab a beer or two . 
  it was awesome . 
  i 'd really love to go back . 
  i forged close relationships with my bosnian friends and i miss them dearly . 
  i highly encourage you to go there and check out not only sarajevo but explore all of bih !, 
  i know i have pictures on my computer . 
  maybe i 'll select a handful and throw them on / r/travel, 
  sarajevo is such a beautiful city . 
  i can honestly say it 's the most charming city i 've ever been to . 
  i worked on the 16th floor in the building in pic # 1 this summer . 
  you guys liked that serb joke , huh . 
  when i was in bosnia my teacher also told me a joke about slovenia and montengro . 
  he told me one about croatia but i forgot that one ... sorry . 
  the shortest joke in the world ... a couple walked along the slovenian coast . 
  ( apparently slovenes are quite proud of their coastline ) -------------------------------------------------------------- ten montenegrins ' commandments : 1 . 
  a man was born tired , and lives to rest . 
  kiss your bed like you kiss yourself . 
  rest at day that you can sleep at night . 
  do not work-working kills . 
  if you see somebody resting-do help . 
  work less than you can , and the much you can , pass to somebody else . 
  the salvation is in tree shades-nobody has ever died of resting . 
  working brings illness , do not die young . 
  if you ever feel an urge to work : sit and wait , you will see it will pass . 
  when see people eating and drinking-approach and help , when see them working-move away to give them space . 
  interesting , bosnians seem to adore germans . 
  i have heard plenty of jokes about montenegrins , serbians , and slovenes . 
  for one , my bosnian teacher was telling me a joke about the first moon landing . 
  saying how an american , german , and two serbians all landed on the moon . 
  the american planted his country 's flag saying this is now american territory because it was american ambition and attitude that made it happen . 
  the german did the same proclaiming that it was german territory because it was german machinery and ingenuity that made it happen . 
  the two serbs got out of the shuttle and the one pulled out a gun and shot the other serb and subsequently proclaimed that serb blood was spilled on the moon therefore it was serb territory . 
  bosnia says under special circumstances which means never because the service is always terrible . 
  macedonia there is no tipping culture . 
  in bulgaria i was told you had to and you just could n't tip like 1 lev because that would be considered an insult . 
  i do n't necessarily know how much that matters given croatia still has a ton of corruption and serbia , a country well on their way , is infested with it as well . 
  it 's a business designed to increase viewership and profability, 
  it almost seems like eurovision is trying to cast a large need to increase their viewership and profability \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  so , you argue the point that these societies are strong advocates for individual freedoms yet your first course of action would be to take away a freedom which was established through our constitution ? 
  however , the crux of your point was that these societies are mainly atheist . 
  i do not understand the correlation between being atheist and owning a gun ? 
  furthermore , i am fairly certain an overwhelming majority of americans practice some form of religion . 
  what 's the next step ? 
  what 's a map ? 
  like coca cola ? 
  thanks for the input , though, 
  as an american living in bosnia for the summer i can confirm that globalization is not a word bih is familar with . 
  all i want is a monster energy drink, 
  what did we do to them in 09 that we should be doing to them now ? 
  * most importantly . 
  totally my bad on that one, 
  not my country , but i am in sarajevo . 
  there was continued protests against the government here because there are still so many young children who do not have social security numbers . 
  also , there was a 3 point shooting contest in front of the bbi center . 
  i won, 
  it seems like the best course of action is that any country that wants to get involved should so so unilaterally or with a small , like-minded coalition . 
  i feel like anything passed in the eu that would directly aid the rebels would piss off russia even more . 
  given the bailout in cyprus and russia 's control of the energy market in europe , i do not think it would be wise to agitate them further at this point . 
  i also feel like while arming the rebels may be beneficial it would be unwise to do so knowing what we know about them -- not much . 
  perhaps the eu could send in a few information gathering aids to learn about the rebels to help give everyone in the eu a better understanding . 
  yes . 
  in ny , multiply 8.75 %, 
  that is generally the progression of a city as it becomes more industrialized . 
  farming -  manufacturing -  service, 
  jhonas enroth is the man !, 
  thanks . 
  actually , part of my study program will have us visiting dubrovnik and plitvice lakes . 
  i thought what thabathock was saying was incorrect given that it was the first bad mouthing i 've ever heard despite extensive research on my end . 
  unfortunately , the city i live in here in america is actually very cheap ... so the standard of living here is quite cheap and i do not quite have the same pocket book as someone from nyc , but i do intend to indulge when i can . 
  the risky trading by investors was due to the environment created by the government itself . 
  laws passed and the `` safeguards '' that were put in place to prevent this sort of thing really encouraged it because they took out the risk for many people involved . 
  bascarsija -- i 'm not 100 % but this sounds like the exact spot i stayed in when i visited belgrade ... exactly as you described , too . 
  your breakdown was amazingly informative . 
  i had not known much about bosnian food .
