  russia completes their budgets with an x amount of oil price as the set figure . 
  well , oil plummeted and russia 's expenses soared . 
  they had to keep printing money , which completely devalued their currency . 
  the national bank was throwing cash at it to save the ruble , do n't know if they still are , though . 
  * this goes along with last comment ... even though the ruble was crashing , if i am not mistaken , the russian government is sanctioned against using some of the international funding organizations to seek any loan . 
  * also , some of russia 's oil and gas companies are sanctioned from getting foreign loans and seeking any foreign technology transfer services . 
  there are few countries that could help them . 
  this really hurts parts of their oil and gas industry . 
  as far as i know though , gazprom is n't sanctioned , but there is talk within the community that they 're going to break that inefficient company up into domestic and exporter companies, 
  well , maybe he can survive politically . 
  i do n't know if you 've been to greece recently or live in greece , but the sentiment is the same . 
  he could turn it around and cry wolf that the european union are white devils and forcing them to do this and he has a `` plan '' . 
  i do n't think it is politically detrimental . 
  we just need to see how good his team is at damage control, 
  it 's not like there are n't other nationalities doing the same thing . 
  i think * those * turkish guys have really given all the turkish guys a bad name . 
  i 've got an american friend who * looks * turkish . 
  when he approached girls at the bar , they 'd shun him immediately because of his appearance given the stigma turkish guys had . 
  he had to start carrying around his american passport just to get the girls in ukraine to talk to him, 
  okay , correct me if i am wrong , but is n't this chick from like kazakhstan and her family emigrated to crimea when she was a child ? 
   ukranian women were especially sought after at the harems of wealthy turks . 
  they still are . 
  turks go to ukraine and southern europe in droves . 
  only this time , the women are n't sold as slaves . 
  turkish guys have a terrible reputation in europe for being extremely horny and very creepy, 
  that got dark quick, 
  russia has pretty damn good relations with china right now , that 's not it . 
  a lot of far east russians vacation in vietnam and there are quite a few of russian companies in some parts of vietnam . 
  looks like we 've found evidence of the first time bosnia and serbia have ever agreed on anything, 
   i 'm more worried about the turkish settlers and turkish influence . 
  cypriots can work things out fine between themselves . 
  i am familiar with the situation in cyprus . 
  i know cyprus would like the island to be reunited , after all north cyprus is n't recognized by them and international organizations , but it is that thought irks me . 
  if they want to come to a resolution on the matter , they 're going to have to work with north cyprus and everything that comes with it . 
  domesticated dogs and cats should n't eat the same food , meaning these two sides are going to have to have some real dialogue and real concessions to meet each other half way to resolve the issue -- not shut one side out and take the `` my way or highway '' approach , which seems like you 're suggesting, 
  i do n't understand the point of that reply . 
  i merely found it interesting and did n't imply the reasons why it was n't checked . 
  you could just downvote and move on if it bothers you that much, 
  so what did you do ? 
  not related at all , but i traveled from odessa , ukraine to chisinau , moldova via transnistria . 
  no one checked my passport or anyone 's passport on the train , before arriving in chisinau . 
  i got off the plane and felt dirty , like i had just smuggled myself across the border . 
  you are supposed to register with the police in chisinau , i did n't . 
  the moldova tsa equivalent did n't seem to care - just laughed when i told them i did n't register with the police . 
  very strange place within europe, 
  yes , this is a really stupid headline . 
  despite transnistria 's status , of course this would have to include it , whether it does so in actuality or not . 
  if it is not written on paper , and transnistria is excluded that is like de facto recognizing their independence . 
  i was one of the only guys in a gender politics class . 
  it was towards the end of the year and my participation was lacking because i was afraid of getting yelled at by the feminists in the class . 
  our teach throws up a slide on the projector and incorrectly groups finland in with scandinavia . 
  i promptly raise my hand for the first time all year . 
  she was in disbelief , certain i was wrong , and mocked my in front of the class . 
  next week she apologized to me, 
  why do i feel like the polish seamen and nigerian pirates had the time of their lives . 
  i just imagine them getting shitfaced in the hull of a wooden boat every night, 
  yeah , i was there for entire week . 
  we had two amazing days , but the rest were cold and rainy . 
  still ca n't beat the veiews, 
  i was there in may . 
  weather was not nice . 
  was not happy, 
  bosnia still has to fulfill all the military requirements , if i am not mistaken . 
  given how impossible it is to do anything politically through the government , i doubt it will happen any time soon, 
  as if they would use a nuclear weapon ... ? 
  it 's not practical or rational . 
  this situation is not practical . 
  if it was truly a one on one war okay nukes might come into play but that is not how the world works . 
  you nuke turkey , russia would suffer unimaginable losses . 
  this is known . 
  nukes are a deterrent , not an offensive weapon . 
  you think putin is that stupid ? 
  come on . 
  the second he drops a nuke , his country will get ripped to shreds and putin out of office , if russia even still exists . 
  that 's not rational . 
  thanks . 
  your posts have been very informative and enlightening . 
  i was enjoying their exchange . 
  however , your comment really doesnt have any relevance . 
  american guy is simply talking how turkey would not get steamrolled , as put forth by the finnish guy , in a defensive war . 
  no one is talking about how right or wrong turkey is, 
  `` ally '' those two countries fucking hate each other, 
  monaco has an airforce/navy ? 
  yeah . 
  but detroit is then liable if anything happens on that property because the houses are such shit holes . 
  anyways , the bureaucracy in detroit is incredibly inept and slow , so even if they did follow through , it 'd likely take a whiile, 
  great idea . 
  no offense to estonia , you have a wonderful country . 
  how about we grab somewhere a little more appealing ? 
  i am thinking mamaia beach, 
  so could we get a better graph here where we actually know what the cities are and has more countries ? 
  you want to go halfsies ? 
  this is because of the back taxes owed on the property and then there is the whole thing about getting the house up to code which can be a shit ton of money, 
  sounds like you could stuff some refugees in there, 
  kind of disappointed i could n't click, 
  but then it would n't be a cold war, 
  serbia vs albania : the final fight for kosovo - could be a great movie . 
  i 'd say there is 0 % of another balkan war . 
  internally , i can see bosnia going at it because the whole dayton peace accord things is a piece of shit . 
  it served its purpose , but now it needs to be changed,
