  in fact , there is much about the current city which is hard to research . 
  i will actually be visiting mostar . 
  from the research i gathered beforehand , i knew mostar was a must visit . 
  i will also be going to jajce , banja luka and tuzla ... have you been to either ? 
  i will be getting a little phrasebook . 
  i speak some ukrainian so i am familiar with the cryllic alphabet . 
  and the prices seem relative to the city i live in the u.s. you 've managed to get me more excited than i already am . 
  i do n't want to ask too much of you , but do you know of any sporting events or outdoors events i should be focusing in on ? 
  what would be the specific dos and donts when conversing with a sarajevan ? 
  okay to bring up the war ? 
  you rock . 
  this is a satisfying answer . 
  my departure date is nearing and i feared was making a mistake . 
  as far as safety goes , how safe is it to walk about , alone , at night ? 
  also , can you tell me anything about the turkish quarters as that will be where i am staying ? 
  also , where are you from ? 
  how do you answer critics to your adventure to sarajevo . 
  i live in one of the most dangerous cities and my friends are appalled that i am going in there and seriously believe i will be killed or kidnapped ... it is amazingly hard to put this in perspective to such closed-minded people . 
  well , i am going to be studying there for 2 months . 
  nothing can be done now . 
  i currently live in the 6th most violent u.s. city . 
  i am sure there have to be parts of sarajevo where you should n't go and parts where it is okay to go at night, 
  i guess i am just taken aback given that this is literally the first negative viewpoint about sarajevo from someone who has been there . 
  why again would n't i visit sarajevo ? 
  i 've been to belgrade before without incident . 
  i ca n't believe your bout in budapest . 
  i was there as well and arrived at 5 am . 
  i would have never suspected that from authority there . 
  jhonas enroth is my friend !, 
  i 'm really mad that i can not get the game anywhere in the states, 
  the world championships ? 
  youth unemployment is a peripherally issue . 
  if europe wants to `` fix '' youth unemployment they will fix the core issues . 
  the eu should at least come up with an expert panel to determine what the core issue is . 
  some of the proposals i 've come across to `` fix '' youth unemployment will only cause voids in other areas . 
  cool . 
  i 've been to belgrade ( amazing city ) . 
  i hope with this they are able to become eu members, 
  how will this resonate with serbians ? 
  will there still be hostility between kosovo and serbia ? 
  would i be able to freely go to kosovo from serbia and back without a hitch , now ? 
  maybe you like russian cheese or maybe your mother does . 
  everyone who i 've met gripe about russian cheese and cry that they ca n't get better , imported cheese . 
  i guess your experience is different than mine . 
  have a nice day, 
  where are they going ? 
  my friends say that sochi is too expensive for them, 
  are you a research survey analyst ? 
  i am glad you 're able to put a number on that . 
  that is your opinion and far from fact . 
  russians do like crimean wine , but be real with yourself . 
  you actually think they prefer it over french and italian wines ? 
  you still find a variety of wines in every store . 
  go ask a manager of any of them . 
  who knew belarus was sitting on a pot of gold !, 
  depends on your definition of `` positively '' , really . 
  and i would n't say it has affected them positively . 
  even if more local products could be bought , that is not what the people want . 
  have you met russians ? 
  they want the best cheese to go with the finest wine . 
  they hate russian cheese and russian wine . 
  they love their imports . 
  so i assume you mean that sanctions positively affects the economy , as opposed to the consumers . 
  the banks are n't lending money right now , and if they are it is at 30 % or more interest . 
  this makes it extremely difficult for some local businesses to reinvest capital to capitalize on these sanctions if they do n't have reserves on hand . 
  it is not as simple as , `` oh hey , look !, 
  a void in the market . 
  no more french cheese ? 
  let 's increase our production of this russian cheese nobody wants . '', 
  that is not how demand works or `` hey , let 's increase our production . '', 
  `` okay , but how ? '', 
  `` we magically come up with money to hire new workers , buy new technology , and find more clients . 
  or we can take out a loan at 30 % interest , produce more this product , but in turn charge 30 % more . '', 
  so , it * really * depends on which aspect you 're talking about when you say it affects positively, 
  i 've heard stories of this beast . 
  do n't people sometimes have to wait in some queue for a ridiculous amount of time , sometimes a day , just to use this ferry ? 
  my friend was telling me how they would have a party in the queue . 
  me and my russian friend were supposed to go on vacation . 
  her savings quickly evaporated . 
  she panicked , and in order for her money to still hold value , she bought a car ... 
   real estate prices - including rent - has dropped by 30 % or more . 
  i was living in a dormitory in petersburg . 
  not a bad location , but that was when the ruble was like 36 to 1 usd . 
  next semester the ruble plummeted peaking at 70 to 1 usd i believe . 
  needless to say , me and another university student rented a flat in one of the more prestigius buildings which had several rooms , including a huge living room which was great for hosting events , big screen tv with leather couches , a fireplace to keep extra warm in the winter , two large bedrooms , a full kitchen in a separate room , a fucking sauna , a whole separate laundry room , and closet space where you could fit another bedroom in . 
  all of that and it was on the best street in petersbrug ( nevskiy ) and a 2 minute walk to the best/most popular metro station plochad vosstaniya/mayakovskaya . 
  i do n't think this was the case with most properties in russia , though . 
  i think this had more to do with luck and inept real estate brokers . 
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- * the biggest difference i noticed , as a fat fuck living in russia , was that foreign companies began shutting down . 
  i think domino 's or papa john 's was first and then carl 's jr. . kfc is still there ( thank god ) . 
  but this has a lot to do with the sanctions and the risk of pouring foreign money into russia right now . 
  * when i would go into the grocery store , my russian friend would always jokingly , and annoyingly , tell me that it is america 's fault they ca n't buy good cheese anymore ( when really it was putin who `` sanctioned '' those countries ) . 
  it is true ... they 're left with terrible russian cheese . 
  going to the international grocery store is kind of funny now . 
  they have this extravagant area designated for only cheese . 
  it is is n't barren , there is variety , but it is all russian cheese , which every russian hates . 
  * belarus has miraculously become one of the largest exporters ( or maybe the largest ) of salmon to russia . 
  norway --  belarus ( re-branded ) --  russia . 
  * this is n't sanction related really , but it kind of is . 
  i believe the u.s. convinced some oil producing countries to flood the market with their product , which completely devalued the price of oil .
