  seriously ? 
  are you talking about the same corrupt elites that we just voted out of the office which caused `` pro-european '' media to flip their shit ? 
  the corrupt friends of donald tusk who you rewarded with a very cushy job for his obedience to berlin and brussels ? 
  because in that case , i do n't know what the hell do you want from us anymore . 
  or are you just equating the east with some inherent underlying corruption that we need to be conditioned out of with the carrot of subisidies and the stick of fines ? 
  let me tell you something , the reason why we need to catch up with the west is because your grandpas murdered 20 % of our people and bombed our capital to dust then the rest of the west traded us off to stalin , not because we have n't been enlightened by the shining beacon of transparency and honesty that is eu . 
   better than staying at home and competing for non-existing jobs jobs do n't fall out of the sky in pre-determined quantities , jobs are created by entrepreneurs a.k.a. 
  resourceful , ambitious people who are determined to make money and most of those are now abroad . 
  trading your workforce for some pitable stream of money the people who could be building prosperity at home are sending for a few months before they bring their families with them is a good way to kill the economy , not build it . 
  honestly , it 's fucking insulting how you 're trying to sell me that crap ; if the same thing was happening in germany you would be screaming bloody murder , but deep in that chauvinistic part of your brain that you deny existing , you see nothing wrong with poles being gastarbeiters , because that 's what they 're meant to be to you . 
  again , i am betting my ass that you would n't be happy about two millions of young germans vanishing from the country , why should i ? 
  because my country is not meant to have an economy that is n't based on cheap labour ? 
  how about you try to explain to me how exactly did polish people living in poland ( the ones you see demonstrating ) profit from millions of their working-age compatriots leaving the country ? 
  would you be grateful to the eu if , say , 20 % of young germans left germany ? 
  are you really this stupid or just pretending ? 
   organisers said that up to 50,000 were on the march which marked the anniversary of poland 's independence after the second world war thanks for letting me know how well you researched the topic from the get-go , telegraph . 
  in people 's republic of poland there was a saying that `` socialism is a system that bravely combats the problems that it created itself '' . 
  seems applicable to what is happening in europe right now . 
  it 's the realest life there is . 
  damn , i did n't know that eva green 's younger , arguably hotter ( if such a thing is even possible ) [ sister ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p3v4hdj.jpg ) serves in russian police . 
  this is an intresting factor to watch in the context of the pis electoral victory in poland . 
  lech kaczy\u0144ski was a big advocate for georgia , i ca n't imagine his brother standing idly by if a major conflict with russia is to occur . 
  bullshit , we 're not `` afraid of the unkown '' , do you really think that in the age of the internet , free travel and millions of poles working in the west , the polish society is ignorant of foreginers ? 
  if poles really did n't know what a multicultural society looks like , they would want it like they want all things western by default . 
  we 're ready for you this time . 
  for a fraction of a second my tired brain expected this title to go `` germany is about to start up a monster machine that eats refugees and shits out bratwurst '' and i was like `` ha !, 
  i knew they 'd snap !, 
   who is next in joining the eu ? 
  what matters is who 'll be the first to leave . 
  joud is a pathological liar . 
   check out his post history , wow , are n't you a fucking creeper , but ok  he thinks it hot to inflict pain on women i do ? 
  damn , i did n't know that about myself . 
   he wishes it was socially acceptable to feeling up a woman you think is hot that post was meant to point out the double standard of women getting away with it , not express my genuine wishes , it 's also really old you fucking stalker . 
   he 's angry about a lot of different things are n't we all ? 
  i 'd rather vent on reddit and keep cool in real life , not the other way round . 
   he 's upset about how the soviets conquered poland after ww2 but he 's totally cool with it happening to anyone else apparently . 
  what ? 
  like i said that bulgarians had it coming or something ? 
  where ? 
   also he says he has the emotional maturity of a 14 year old , and ** i 'm quoting that ** . 
  you should try quoting more often rather than pulling things out of your ass , because that one is correct . 
  i 'm not surprised that you find my point of view to be abhorrent , after all you are a product of a society more prosperous , safe and stable than any other in the history of mankind , why would n't compassion and altruism be your primary values ? 
  it 's not like you have any real problems of your own . 
  well , the thing is that 's about to change . 
  violently and to a degree you 're both unwilling and unable to fully fathom due to a phenomenon called `` normalcy bias '' . 
  you 're faced with a demographic shift of such massive , unprecedented scale that it ca n't be called anything but a disaster , yet you still refuse to seriously consider the possibility that things will not `` turn out fine '' like they always have . 
  it will probably take you years of increasingly desperate rationalizations before your instincts to value safety and financial security over `` progress '' and tolerance take over and you 'll admit to yourself how much worse life in germany has gotten , in large part because of naive idealists like yourself . 
  the migrant flow wo n't stop until either the host nations have nothing left to give or the borders will close and stay closed no matter if the people trying to cross them are in need of humanitarian aid or not . 
  in other words , if you refuse to accept the option where we leave them to their own fate , they will only stop coming to your country when your country will be no longer worth coming to . 
  in 52 bc julius ceasar condemned thousands of women and children to death of starvation during the siege of alesia . 
  he watched them slowly die from the fortifications his army erected around the city just so he could conquer yet another province for the glory of rome . 
  so if you ever wonder what made the european civilization the greatest that the world has ever seen , remember that it certainly was n't uncompromising humanitarianism . 
  i 'm not saying that europe needs another julius ceasar , but it 's important to be aware of the fact that european nations did n't become the wealthiest and most developed on earth by letting others walk all over them and giving them free shit . 
  of course , what kind of king has no navy ? 
  this would be a cool little article if it was n't for this  a model for muslims in europe ? 
  ham-handed attempt to be `` relevant to the current situation '' . 
  i mean , you already explained how unique were the historical circumstances 600 years ago that led to this tiny community existing in its current shape , why do you pretend that there is some `` model '' here that can be broadly applied to totally unrelated phenomena , anyway ? 
  living in a country where a major part of the society is being discrimnated against due to racism has to be horrible . 
  i 'm so glad that does n't happen in poland . 
  it would help me to better adress your `` point '' if you told me whether you are an idiot or a pedophile . 
  what 's pathetic is the state of affairs where being rich and famous allows you to drug and anally rape 13 year olds without consequences . 
  uk-born londoners = / = english, 
  chill out dude , it 's just harmless banter ... at least until we take back lw\u00f3w , then you can start to worry . 
  til . 
  thanks !, 
   the same reasoning applies to all refugees ever , except for young children . 
  why not old people and women ? 
  yes , a woman is capable of shooting a rifle , that does n't mean having them on the frontlines is a good idea if your goal is to preserve your nation . 
   fighting for peace would be like fucking for virginity . 
  i 'm so tired of this stupid saying . 
  peace on terms you find acceptable is the goal of every war . 
  the difference between side a 's and side b 's acceptable terms is rarely worth the devastation that war brings , therefore war should be avoided , but when the alternatives are to either take up arms or surrender your country to isis , that kind of `` peace '' is not worth much . 
   what else would they do ? 
  organize and fight for the syria they want for their children . 
  if it was perfectly acceptable to refuse to fight for your country when the odds are n't favourable , we would n't be having this conversation because poland would cease to exist ages ago . 
   compared to most of europe we do n't have a history of warmongering . 
  i was n't refering to any particular events in your distant history , i was just hoping that as a fellow citizen of a former eastern bloc country , you are n't washed clean of any higher values by the western consumerist culture and emasculated into contempt for any form of violence , including the righteous one and that you can understand the necessity of fighting for one 's homeland . 
   but i can understand what 's going on in the ( real ) refugees ' minds . 
  obviously , i understand it too . 
  there 's nothing hard to understand about why someone would prefer to collect benefits in sweden than be shot at in syria and that 's exactly why choosing the latter out of selfless patriotism is the morally superior stance worth praising and choosing the former out of selfish cowardice is a morally inferior stance worth condemning . 
   if my country was at war an none of the factions represented me , then i 'd get the hell out of there . 
   even if one of the factions represented me , if i estimated that they have no chance of winning so you have millions of young men fleeing because they are n't represented by any faction or their faction is not strong enough ... 
  i 'll give you a moment to think about this . 
   i 'd still get out . 
  there 's no point to dying stupidly just to prove a point that the victors wo n't believe anyway . 
  and that 's why you 're a coward . 
  shame , i expected better from a romanian . 
   maybe poland should stop being a joke and instead build a pipeline to norway . 
  you clearly do n't understand the issue . 
  the problem with the pipline circumventing poland is not about poland not getting gas , it 's about the west getting gas no matter what happens to poland . 
  it 's a security issue , not an energetic one for us . 
   you are polish , you will always suck and whine . 
  well , you did n't whine enough and now your country is about to get fucked up by muslims beyond recognition . 
  let me know how much we suck when you 'll be begging us to liberate you from under sharia law in 50 years . 
   adam michnik , editor-in-chief of poland 's largest broadsheet , gazeta wyborcza , and one of the country 's most respected journalists i guess that answers the question who they outsourced writing this piece of shit article to . 
   a whole 1.6 % of the population was born outside a poland . 
  and we like it like that . 
   meanwhile millions of poles have moved to other european countries , taking advantage of the free movement of workers provided by the eu . 
  so fucking what ? 
  they were individuals acting in accordance to your own law , not our officially established expeditionary force .
