  he 's using the saving from drowning as a metaphor for the whole migrant situation , as in if we try to pull too much of them out of the water , we 'll all go down ( as countries ) , not talking about the actual logistics of fishing people out of the sea . 
  * woosh *, 
  well , to be fair , seeing how every refugee seems to be carrying at least a smartphone and i 'd wager most of them finished primary school , that could make botswana richer and more educated on average . 
  sounds polish-jewish to me . 
  there 's no solid reason to believe that it was intentional named in the article . 
   you rarely meet such people in real life . 
  what do you do in real life ? 
  probably study some hip major at a university in a big city . 
  talk to someone with median income , median education and living in a median-sized town , then you 'll see `` real life '' . 
  believe me , the general population in poland is more xenophobic than the internet-savvy , english-speaking part of it . 
  on , paper i 'm a catholic , but 1 ) making an opinion on catholicism based on my behaviour would be moronic . 
  2 ) if some catholics killed a bunch of civilians and neither the pope nor the local priests condemned them , i sure as hell would n't call myself a catholic . 
  and yes , i 've met muslims both in poland and in the 5 muslim countries i 've been to , i even drank vodka with one , it only proved my conviction that the lousiest muslims are the best people . 
   your analogy does n't work at all as it seems to assume all germans are nazis . 
  of course not all germans were nsdap hardliners before the war , but there was enough sympathy for nazism and not enough firm opposition against it in the nation for hitler to become a democratically elected chancellor and take the country to war . 
  that 's my whole point . 
  of course there 's plenty of muslims who are n't terrorist , just like there were plenty of 3rd reich citizens who were n't members of ss , but the fact that the majority of muslims are either supportive or passive towards jihadist , with very few vocally condemning them , means that those terrorist are not `` bad apples '' of the muslim world , it means that all the rest are simply civilians in the war that islam wages against us . 
  there were 70 + million germans who were non-violent in 1939 . 
  those who use national socialism as a weapon for war are proving ther own moral shortcomings , not nazism 's . 
   we need to stop pretending it 's gon na stop , it wo n't no matter what we do . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  it would most definitely stop if border guards started shooting migrants on sight . 
  of course , i would never advocate doing that , but the point is that we 're only as powerless as we choose to be out of moral principles . 
  seriously though , i 'm do n't expect people to know much about poland , i can understand that it 's not the most important country in the world , but it 's pretty damn important as a geographical location , so if someone does n't know what lies between russia and germany , they are a fucking idiot . 
  1 in 14 was the number of unhappy children reported by the study , i was n't seriously suggesting that all of them are victims of fgm . 
  a lot of school children in the uk have muslim parents who practice female genital mutilation . 
  maybe it 's because 1 in 14 children in england just had their clitoris cut off . 
  nobody gives a flying fuck . 
  you 've got a point , sld would probably take clinton , but they would probably take a parrot that someone taught to repeat vaguely left-sounding slogans . 
  still , i do n't place her in polish politics because , as bad as it is , it 's not yet a total shitshow where having a recognizable face and saying `` god bless poland '' is enough to get you elected despite utter lack of vision and literally criminal incompetence . 
  sanders ' program on the other hand is simply utterly irrelevant to and incompatible with polish economic and social situation . 
  it 's not too far left , it simply does not apply to an emerging economy . 
  they would n't . 
  maybe it should first try to launch its first jet aircraft?https : / / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/air_corps_ ( ireland ) #current _ inventory, 
  see ? 
  migration does n't have to be bad . 
  have an upvote for providing us with orignial content . 
  the left stomping their feet and whining `` you have to take the migrants , you have no choice !, 
  you can not close the borders because reasons !, 
  you just ca n't ! '', 
  would be adorable if it was n't so sinister . 
  i am not saying that countires which already have a muslim population should deport them , but can you please stop calling us racist for not wanting to deal with this shit when we still have that choice ? 
  thankfully , i 'm not an average european . 
  apparently not . 
  look at greeks , helplessly watching their country get pillaged , because they 've been duped into a position where the alternative is even worse ( allegedly at least ) . 
  we were talking about poland before the partitions , modern poland is 99 % polish and 99,9 % white and that 's one of the reasons it 's doing so well . 
  and look where all that tolerance and inclusiveness got us . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  post-stalin ussr at least . 
  what 's happening to greece proves that this `` union '' is a fucking farce . 
  even ussr would n't bleed one of its republics to death . 
  in my house we called it `` mr\u00f3wki '' ( ants ) . 
  i 'm just back from rehab and i 've never met nicer people . 
  everyone was just trying find some serenity and get better , it was the most peaceful environment i 've ever been in . 
  also everyone was super helpful . 
  if other rehabs are remotely like mine , then it 's pretty much the best institution to live next to . 
  my only explaination for the embarrassingly low score for poland is that they interpreted that question as in `` right now '' and half of them were like `` nah , i have to drop off my kids first . 
  empires do n't fall because the barbarians outgun them . 
  frankly , i 'd rather have the baltic militaries than a lone vladimir putin go after me . 
  in a few more years , the migrant problem in europe will reach its ineviatable crescendo and the trends and attitudes we see today will cease . 
  being a decade or more behind western europe is a blessing in disguise for poland . 
  your family is more than just your wife and children . 
  it 's a strange idea to use big-city folk , but , in smaller towns people keep in contact with their extended family and support each other through daily life . 
  my father 's side of family operates like that and it 's a joy to behold . 
  the truly most educated ( as in those who possess the most valuable skills and knowledge , not those who spent the most time in univesities ) citizens are living well enough to stay in poland unless all they care about is money , in which case there 's nothing we can do to keep them anyway and i 'm not sure if we should . 
  and the crack of social security system is exactly what we need for people to start having children again . 
  if people knew that no one but their children will support them when they get old , our fertility rates would skyrocket . 
  whatever , give us 5 million refugees , they 'll all get off whatever train or bus you put them on before they reach poland unless you bring them in chains , so who cares . 
  maybe i 'll sound like a huge fucking twat for saying this , but i do n't really see the ` despite '' here . 
  as in , if you 're born with certain intelligence and severe physical disability , becoming a scientist is pretty much the thing to do as long as you do n't give up on life entirely . 
  not to say i do n't have a lot of respect for him just for the latter , but phrasing it the way you did is like saying `` despite having iq of 65 , ivan bench-presses 250 kg '' . 
  i have mixed feelings about this . 
  and yet , each of these options is strictly more beneficial to the finnish taxpayer than keeping them in finland . 
  i have n't been there personally , but my friends have and their tales from malm\u00f6 , while entertaining , left me without any doubt that i would n't want to raise my children there , which is absurd when you remember that you 're talking about a city in sweden . 
  i never believed that it 's actually 15 times the rate of other european countries , but whining about misinterpreted statistics and calling people idiots will only get you so far in explaining why a country that had every chance to be a paradise on earth for its citizens is rapidly turning into a ghetto-ridden shithole . 
  i sincerely hope that sweden continues , hell , accelerates on its path to serve as an example to the rest of europe on what not to do if you do n't want to fuck up your country . 
  we like having 15 times less rape than sweden , for starters . 
   czechs , poles , etc. 
  know that they 'll take up arms to defend themselves . 
  they know that france , germany , the u.k. , etc. , would come to their aid . 
  america 's sorta the elephant in the room . 
  we 're treaty-bound to assist our fellow nato members , but it 's also clear we have less of a dog in this fight . 
  lol , what ? 
  i do n't think you 'd find more than a handful of people in poland who count on france or germany to come to our aid more than they count on the us . 
  nobody denies that it usually pays off to be a coward , that 's why bravery is valued . 
  i want germany to stop usurping the crown of the eu and get in line as just another member state of the union that it legally is and let countries directly affected by the given situation have a say in eu policy towards it . 
  hell no . 
  this is n't about ww2 butthurt , the reality is that germany 1 ) is not threatened by russia 2 ) has no interest in antagonizing it 3 ) is not extatic about the future possibility of yet another coutry in the `` developing coutries '' faction of the eu . 
  i 'm not judging germany based on some preconceptions about their national character , my claim is based on an analysis of what lies in germany 's interest . 
  couting on germany to ensure the safety of ukraine and eastern europe is like couting on a vulture to ensure the safety of a gazelle . 
  i would bet good money that german political and financial elite would drive russian tanks into kiev themselves just to resume profitable trade relations with russia if they could do it without upsetting the rest of eu . 
  as for france , i think they just do n't give a shit . 
  us , uk , poland , lithuania , latvia , estonia , romania , bulgaria , finland : those are the countries that ukraine can expect help from , the rest just wants this whole thing to blow over one way or the other . 
  i mean sure , the goal is to be as useful as possible , but doctors ( in poland at least ) do n't really need bonus points on their resumes , the path of progression is pretty straightforward . 
  i am seriously contemplating signing up for some military training this summer as well . 
  i study at a medical university that has a parallel military division , maybe they will let me train with them . 
  that 's bold of you to lecture us which country belongs where while sporting a flag of ulster , the political entity whose only reason for existence is a dick move the english pulled against the irish . 
  as for your original comment , if you identify as a subject of the crown , you 'll do as london tells you , if you consider yourself irish , nobody considers you a useful ally anyway , so nobody cares what you think either way . 
  i 'm pretty sure that uk would , because if the millions of polish workers living there went on a strike to protest its inaction , the whole country would grind to a halt . 
   if the usa are in charge , how come they actually dont do anything that would seem logical from their perspective ( as they suggested : sending weapons or even deploying troops ) because stonewalling them is the majority of german and french contribution .
