   what exactly are poland and its neighbors doing considering ukraine ? 
  and in what way are they proving to be `` less ueseless '' than germany or france are ? 
  uh , i do n't know , providing non-lethal aid , training troops , creating joint military units ? 
  it 's not a full-blown war yet , so at this point gestures like these are still relatively significant , but most of all poland gives a very firm impression that it does care about ukraine , ca n't say the same about germany . 
   we are not as smart as germany do n't you have some cucumbers to pick ? 
  or a german dick to suck ? 
   nonsense . 
  the netherlands also export 25 % to germany and import 14 % , france 17 and 20 % . 
  nobody says that these countries are `` colonies '' of germany . 
  i just told you that it 's not how much , but what is imported and exported that matters . 
  if you have technology and industry and your trading partner has agriculture , you 're the one getting the better end of the deal . 
   the countries that seem to be in charge here are germany and france ( from the european side ) . 
  hahaha , no . 
  the country in charge is usa and poland is its main local partner that countries like lithuania and romania are rallying to , germany and france are proving how useless they are every day . 
   also , poland seems to do this because they are afraid of russia . 
  poland is wary of russia 's shenanigans , not afraid that it would actually invade . 
  the ukraine crisis is a huge opportunity for poland , not an existential threat . 
   it is not , actually it is the opposite , if you are doing well , it is to our advantage . 
  to a point . 
  well , it 's not like i 'm making any proposals here , i 'm just venting and bitching . 
  i do n't care much for greece or the rest of eu for that matter . 
  it is my belief that poland is on its way to regain its rightful place among european powers that it has been robbed of for the last 300 years and as long as we watch our backs , not only from the russians , but also more subtle dangers like loss of sovereignty to eu and the aforementioned foreign economic takeover attempts , we will get our justice according to the maxim `` living well is the best revenge '' . 
  all i want to say here is that i wo n't shed a single tear over germany having to hand over some cash to greece . 
  also  ( 1/4 of your export go to and 1/3 of your imports come from germany ) and it 's purely coincidental than what germany imports from and exports to poland is roughly what a powerful state would want to import from and export to its colony . 
  we 're onto you , but the power dynamic is starting to change , the ukraine crisis is only a preview of poland 's increase of influence . 
  i do n't think it 's a very controversial claim among historians that ussr would not be able to successfully invade and conquer poland without help from the germans in 1939 . 
  keep in mind that it was poland that effectively stopped the advance of the red army in 1920 which in 1939 was utterly crippled by stalinist purges and not even capable of conquering finland . 
  also uk and france would be more likely to honor their alliance with poland if it was n't gone in one month due to invasion on two fronts . 
  there is nothing that special about germany , without the war it would progress like any other western european country of comparable natural wealth and level of industrialization . 
  the main difference is that so would poland and other countries that fell prey to communism crippled by german aggression , so the german exporting hegemony which is one of the main factors that makes your economy so good , would n't be as strong . 
  look , these are of course hyperbolic , hypothetical speculations . 
  i would n't advocate this solution . 
  my point here is that germany got off easy given that it was the main contributor in making the xx century the bloodiest in human history , if the western world did n't have to deal with the soviets immidiately after wwii , it would be germans gastarbeiting in poland , not the other way round , so the audacity of germans claiming that they are mistreated or taken advantage of regarding the euro crisis is appaling to me . 
  there would be no draconic sanctions . 
  why impose sanctions on your own territory ? 
  it would be systematic eradication of the concept of being german , like the one germany tried in poland during the partitions . 
  everything in global economy and politics is relative , numbers alone mean nothing , it does n't matter how much money or manhours germany spent to rebuilt itself , the fact is that it 's in a better shape than than the neighboring countries it harmed the most and dominating them economically means that it 's the economical winner of the war . 
  i 'm not defending greece here , just using the opportunity to get off my chest a conviction that if after wwii , germany would be partitioned between the countries it attacked and the concept of german national identity wiped from existence and history , i would n't consider it less just than modern germany taking advantage of how severly it crippled poland in the past to make it its soft colony , taking over the industry and buisness with the money they could spend entirely on reparations and it still would n't be enough . 
   i do n't know any german who wanted his country destroyed . 
  i can see some in [ this photo ] ( http://imgur.com/zkyo2jn ) . 
  oh , did you expect us to forget that hitler was a democratically elected leader beloved by the vast majority of his people ? 
  sorry , not gon na happen . 
  and yeah , they did n't want to lose the war , duh . 
  but they did n't mind starting it . 
   east germany was still the best economy in the eastern bloc even though important regions like silesia were cut off and the soviet union stole factories . 
  so you actually are claiming that german people are naturally more hard-working than poles , lithuanians , hungarians and so on ? 
  wow . 
   you simply sound germanophobe to me . 
  you know , as idiotic as calling people who oppose something `` x-phobes '' , in this particular case `` germanophobia '' might be actually an appropriate term for the sentiment . 
  maybe if people were more germanophobic after wwi we could avoid one of the greatest atrocities in human history , one which you ultimately benefitted from which is the very thing that pisses me off . 
   germany was utterly destroyed too . 
  at their own wish , so cry me a fucking river . 
   it worked hard while other countries have n't . 
  yeah because , other nations never figured out that hard work results in prosperity , only german people are capable of grasping that concept due to their superior intellect . 
  we all know that they are inherintely better than others , one could even call them a master race . 
  it has nothing to do with allies providing germany with marshall plan and feeding its victims to stalin . 
  call me a radical nutjob , but a part of me sees it as despicable that germany is a richer nation than the countries it utterly destroyed not too long ago . 
  what is it armed with ? 
  i do n't see any weapons . 
  i never said the sickness is n't spreading . 
  vice turned to such utter shit after gavin mcinnes left . 
  in their video about polish militias they could n't even get the translation right . 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's only been 25 years since we got our countries back and we want to enjoy them for a little bit longer before we start giving them away to muslims . 
  i hope you 'll understand . 
  liszt , the beatles or picasso did n't realy on goverment subsidies . 
  fine by me . 
  you sound like you believe that contemporary avant-garde art contributes to the betterment of society , which would be laughable . 
  how is not wanting to pay for something that goes against your beliefs imposing them ? 
  because they vote for korwin and kukiz which are arguably even more nationalistic . 
  and honour is not even on the list . 
  shameful !, 
  patriotism not # 1 value ... looks like our new goverment has a lot of work to do , you hedonist traitors . 
  yeah , it still has the army , but hardly any political will to use it independently . 
  damn , that 's nothing to scoff at . 
  not suprising given that france is probably the only eu country still interested in the ability to project power abroad , but still i 'm genuinely impressed . 
  also , the fact that most of these vehicles seem to be domesticaly produced and designed , shows you that france takes itself seriously as a military power . 
  the guy makes chechen fighters salute to putin , i 'd say it would be foolish to dismiss his expertise without proper consideration . 
  disrespectful ? 
  checking your phone or chatting with someone would be disrespectful , this is an open display of hostility . 
   let 's look at the numbers . 
  coldly and rationally . 
  is terrorism really wiping us out , more than , say car accident fatalities ? 
  120 + people dying in car accidents does n't have nearly the same effect on the society as 120 + being gunned down on the streets of your capital . 
  if incidents like that were to happen on regular basis , the people of paris would be unable to live their lives with any semblence of normalcy , no matter how much `` balls '' they have . 
  raw numbers are irrelavant in this case . 
   i guess you could call a minute of silence or flying a flag half-mast `` meaningless '' since they do n't have a direct impact on the situation . 
  i 'm not saying that we should do away with all meaningless gestures , they are an important part of our tradition and culture , but i 'm appaled by what seems to be an arms race of meaningless gestures in our society . 
  i did n't even downvote you , i just wanted to express my frustration with our obsession with meaningless gestures . 
  oh my fucking god , there are like 10 000 buildings on this continent that could be lit up in blue , red and white to show support for france , are we going to post every one of them here ? 
  which is exactly what the is wants and the last thing france needs . 
  it 's obvious that the fastest , most cost-efficent and likely the least bloody in the grand scale of things way to deal with is would be to support assad . 
  if you think that eu/us refuses to go down that route because of his human rights violations and general moral unseemliness and not because it does n't suit their geo-political agenda , you are so painfully naive that reading about world events only makes you more misinformed . 
   and if he could , could a dog also become muslim too ? 
  nah , dogs are too smart for that . 
  `` at least 15 % '' is a very careful way of saying `` everyone and their dog '' . 
  the world would look nothing like it does today !!, 
  literally hitler . 
  kek, 
   the eu is helping you massively with that by forcing change on the corrupt elites of the east and footing the bills for many projects helping your countries to catch up with the west . 
  `` corrupt elites of the east '' ?
