   lord have mercy if the eu asks poland to take in a few thousand refugees , though . 
  `` solidarity with europe ( germany ) '' is a fucking joke with nordstream 2 looming over us . 
  i 'd rather see poland host 100.000 north koreans or some other opressed group that was n't on their way to germany than take 1 refugee off of merkel 's back . 
  how the fuck are we holding a double standard ? 
  you realize that polish people are not a literal hivemind , right ? 
  why the hell do you think that poles who stayed in poland are somehow accountable for other poles leaving poland ? 
  i ca n't be in ireland and poland at the same time , bruv . 
   is n't the gazeta one of poland 's most reputable newspapers ? 
  pfffffttttffff, 
  so what ? 
  kick them out if you want to . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  also  as konstanty ** gebert ** points out https://i.imgur.com/qurif.gif, 
  is n't that like 5 times better than what americans are getting with their drone strikes ? 
  i hate to be a buzzkill , but seeing how my friends from the rehab therapy group who kept in contact to support each other are now getting drunk together , i 'm not too thrilled about the complete anonimity and no registration aspects of this . 
   that being said , the authorities are especially slow when it comes to deporting back to the balkan region . 
  i do n't know why . 
  my guess is that germany does n't want to go full-gestapo on the gypsies and nothing short of that will make them do something they do n't want to do . 
  same here . 
  even though i 'm not part of that scene anymore , it feels like a dick move to blow it wide open like that . 
  those people do n't hound you because your net balance of genociding is too high , they do it because your country refuses to admit its guilt . 
  no , he used the correct term for what he meant . 
  i think that the `` in appropriate medical and health conditions '' part is more important here . 
  anyway , good news , let 's see if this goes beyond `` recommendation '' . 
  his site looks more `` i ca n't be assed to do anything more than the absolute minimum '' than dated , to be honest . 
  when will those rich old people in expensive suits who never have to step foot in a place where you ca n't call someone to bring you champagne stop lecturing us on how we are supposed to perceive the reality around us ? 
  in the sense that the process of ethnic division of europe is already unstoppable and if we refuse to accept our new muslim overlords , europe is in for a massive civil war which it very well might not survive in its current shape . 
  that said , it 's not like the alternative is any better as far as current shape of europe is concerned , so there 's no survival for it either way . 
  that 's the stupidest thing i heard about in a long while . 
  can we do `` tramps of europe '' next ? 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's far from perfect , but if little johnny ca n't figure out that if a small black rectangle turns into a big white rectangle then a small black triangle turns into a big white triangle etc. 
  then we probably should n't bank on johnny making it big in academia . 
   primary school teachers are chronically underpaid . 
  people underestimate how much shit they have to put up with . 
  my father always told me `` it does n't matter how hard the job is , what matters is how many people can do it . '', 
  do n't watch green street hooligans , watch football factory , it 's better and more authentic . 
  the polish flag was very lousy compared to most countries of the same internet presence . 
  i attribute it to the fact that the polish part of reddit has an unsettlingly high population of bitter leftists who have outright hostile attitudes towards their country ( some time ago the top post on r/polska was titled `` i hate poland '' and it was n't a joke or irony ) which is also evidenced by the fact that most of the pixels defacing the flag that i had to correct were placed there by people with polish nicknames . 
  it was essentially a civil war to get anything going because of those losers who have to take refuge on reddit , because the entire polish internet ca n't stand their shit . 
  who are you allied to to get this ballsy ? 
  or did you get bored with playing a vassal and and prefer to die as a free man ? 
  you should be posting the map in the opening post . 
  we also produce the most bell peppers and blackcurrant and a few other barely relevant food items . 
  we 're a real powerhouse of auxiliary agriculture . 
  someone post the map , damn it . 
   and then you find out that the qualities that get you into leadership are different than the qualities necesarilly for leadership . 
  tell that to octavian august . 
  i understand what you 're getting at here , but none of the accusations towards authoritarianism you made are inapplicable to democracy existing in an equally corrupt and decadent climate . 
  sure , the results of poor management become apparent quicker as things get done faster , but there 's no inherent reason for democracy to be more meritocratic ( in any department other than bamboozling the voter , because that 's the only thing a party hoping to rule in a democratic system needs to be actually good at ) than even despotism . 
  it all depends on the moral fiber and the sense of civic duty in a society . 
  i 'll be honest with you , i used to partially support this government , because in the liberal media campaign launched against them the major point why i was supposed to hate them was their right-wing authoritarianism and i see nothing inherently wrong with right-wing authoritarianism . 
  what forces me to firmly condemn them now is the undeniable fact that they 're a bunch of idiots who do n't understand politics . 
  only if we are to immediately invade , occupy and annex it , otherwise it would be giving it on a silver platter to russia . 
  at least that would be the course of action if geopolitics worked like they did 100 years ago , but turkey hosts nato nuclear weapons , which makes the situation infinitely more complicated . 
  can i make a suggestion to invite u/receptheboss to the euiv game as the ottomans player ? 
  what is this shit ? 
  what 's next , the eiffel tower getting dismantled and sold for scrap ? 
  that 's ok , more options should free up as you annex mazovia and moldavia . 
  still , i 'd be on the lookout for an opportunity to hurt brandenburg . 
  i saw the screens . 
  it looks like bohemia makes a natural ally given how austria is being unchristian and how dangerous and tasty brandenburg looks ( i 'd say it 's even worth splitting it 50/50 just to get rid of that threat ) . 
  well , it might make sense with human players in the game , which makes asia stronger and hre less of a coaltion-happy bee hive , but normally not crippling muscovy asap is asking to get eclipsed and dominated due to their better expansion opportunities . 
  i do n't know how to feel about this . 
  how is poland doing ? 
  did it lose any land to ottomans or russia ? 
  did it take any land from the teutonic order ? 
  hands down the most beautiful women in the world . 
  you mean `` party '' as in `` the thing that nazis were doing '' , right ? 
  because there were no poles in nsdap/ao . 
  there were , like everywhere , and they should n't get to keep castles either and they do n't . 
  it 's not all arbitrary , if your family did good things , it 's reasonable that the society rewards it with the option to provide an above-average standard of living to their descendants . 
  it 's not your doing , but it 's still fair . 
  but if your family did terrible things , why should you inherit its wealth if you do n't inherit its sins ? 
  ok , i do n't have a legal case , but it still feels wrong . 
  if my father was to a varying degree responsible for deaths of nearly one hundred thousand people , i would spend the rest of my days seeking out the families of those murdered and making sure they 're doing at least as well as me , not chilling in a castle . 
  well , if it was owned by another relative who never joined the party and that relative was the one that the children inherited it from , then i could see your point , but if at the end of the war it was owned by the monster himself , it should be confiscated from him to make up even for a very tiny fraction of the atrocities he committed . 
  living in a castle is not a fundamental right , so it 's not like those children would be punished for what he did , just not rewarded with his `` legacy '' . 
  i know that children should n't carry the sins of their fathers and all , but there 's something in me that gets really angry at the fact that children of nazi monsters still get to live in castles . 
  see how coordinated those saboteurs are ? 
  it 's obvious they are planted agents and not actual romanians . 
  ^ i 'm ^ kidding ^ if ^ you ^ ca n't ^ tell . 
  at least they arent ' t somewhere under russian boot or in german ass . 
  i ` member . 
  hey , i have one question before i reserve a nation : when are you planning to play the first session ? 
  i do n't currently own a copy of eu4 ( not a total noob though ) and i 'd need to know if i 'll manage to put the cash together for it before we start ? 
  dude , i 've been all over and the city is so utterly dead after midnight that you can hear a needle dropping two blocks away . 
  if you need to find a specific place in a specific neighbourhood to go to a party then there is n't any nightlife to speak of . 
  clubbing is when you can walk from one club to another smoking one cigarette , if you need to take a taxi to the other side of town then it 's not clubbing but a road trip . 
  to put it simply , the density of clubs in krak\u00f3w is literally ten times higher . 
  we walked the streets of berlin for hours and found like 3 and all had ridiculously long lines ( and the people waiting in them looked like they were about to film a bad 1990 's rap video ) . 
  in krak\u00f3w finding a decent party is about as easy as buying cigarettes , in berlin it 's like scoring heroin . 
  oh shit , we were there and that 's exactly what happened . 
  in general the nightlife in berlin was a huge letdown , but maybe i 'm just spoiled given how nothing so far came close to krak\u00f3w . 
  that chick 's legs are as wonky as her ideology . 
  thanks , plenty of replies but only you actually delivered . 
  what a dumb design , the blade should be angled for each individual head , making it effectively serrated , otherwise it makes no sense . 
  seriously though , why does the english name for czech republic/czechia start with the `` ch '' sound written as `` cz '' ? 
  it 's '' \u010c '' in czech , afaik only the polish language uses `` cz '' for `` ch '' . 
  what 's up with that ?
