i love how wonderfully unremarkable the polish man is . 
  it suits my secret conviction that poland is the most average country on earth . 
  and between `` since forever '' and `` until recently '' it was known as the sin of usury . 
  it depends on your definition of `` settled '' . 
   i do n't think bombs can settle these problems . 
  bombs can settle every problem when there 's enough of them . 
   very short-term problem hahahahaha oh wow . 
  we 've already seen how `` comments that call for killing of people '' are being used as a boogeyman , scaring away people from certain ideas in oder to control the public debate and silence dissent . 
  finding an indefensible scapegoat and demonizing everything even loosely associated with it is exactly how the nazis , communist and every other authoritarian regime started out and it 's exactly what is happening now . 
   this means we value the censorship of hatespeech over another hitler you can easily produce another hitler who will kill millions of people in the name of political corectness . 
  authoritarism is authoritarism , whether it hurts the feelings of `` protected groups '' or not is just a matter of flavour . 
  i sincerely hope that footage of slovaks or czechs burning polish flags makes it into our media . 
   how fast has eastern europe forgotten for what the previous generation fought so much . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  do n't tell me what the values of my ancestors were . 
  my grandfather fought for independent , sovereign poland , not your fucking liberal agenda . 
  no need to rub it in . 
  fuck poland . 
  we elected this fucking goverment and we should be ashamed . 
  i only hope that we can somehow atone for this betrayal and you forgive us in time . 
  god fucking damn this makes my blood boil . 
  why improve the living conditions in the country so that the people can afford to have children when you can just import 3rd worlders to keep that gdp growing . 
  after all , things like `` happiness '' and `` social cohesion '' have no monetary value , right ? 
  fuck the poles , they can be miserable and feel alienated in their own country as long as the numbers add up . 
  fortunately , people are rapidly waking up to the reality that their beloved west does not give two shits about them as long as the province of poland meets its cheap labour quotas . 
  this is n't a refugee crisis , there were wars about as bloody as the one in syria being waged about as far from europe in the past decades and something like this never happened before . 
  the syrian civil war is merely the spearhead of a long-overdue mass migration that 's inevitable in a world where distances between countries shrink , but wealth inequality stays the same . 
  i upvoted you in hopes that you are being sarcastic . 
  yup , and the last girl even said that `` others are coming from outside to rescue us and they are leaving '' , she does n't look like an assad supporter , so she probably does n't mean the russians and i have n't heard about many people coming to syria to join the fsa , so yeah ... 
  i think that the narrative that the refugees are fleeing from is does n't hold up that well when some support it . 
  is n't pitchfork like so 2012 ? 
  i think i 've heard something like that . 
  art is dead , but if you want to know which city has the highest concentration of pretentious hipster douchebags , then i 'd say london is a good bet . 
  more like opels . 
  fuck your money , germany . 
  all it 's really for ( other than bribing the cronies in power ) is making it easier for the local population to get to the german stores in their german cars in order to buy german goods . 
  you 're not interested in poland building real prosperity as that would mean competition for your industry , you just want you eastern province to be more sightly and have a stable outlet for your exports . 
  this dependence on funds in exchange for our sovereignty is ultimately harmful for poland and i sincerely hope germany succeeds in cutting them . 
  if `` western '' is what you are , we do n't want to be that . 
   i 'm just watching the live coverage . 
  unfortunately the level of violence is such that a death might well occur today . 
  `` unfortunately ? '', 
  nobody is watching livestreams hoping for shit not to happen , you filthy liar :d, 
   when his every utterance is covered by every major news outlet in the world , it 's hard to believe that his opinions are `` unimpactful . '', 
  and when nothing comes out of it , it wo n't last for long . 
  his stance concerning the issues of faith like the example you gave , is of utmost importance , that 's why he should stick to that and avoid stepping into territories where his opinion has little real weight , if he does n't want people to confuse the two and think of him as just a man who just gives his opinion on things and not the highest authority in the church . 
  i 'm not saying that popes need to stay silent about politics , but when they speak up , they should make it count . 
  it 's not his socialism i 'm taking about , he could be wearing a budenovka and calling to lynch factory owners for all i care , but his stance on uk 's security and territorial integrity is downright traitorous . 
  if a politican with his views started climbing in the ranks of a major party in poland , people would be crying about foreign agents running wild in the country and calling for a military coup . 
  pope francis shares too many unimpactful opinions on too many subjects and should cool it if he wants catholics to take him seriously in 5 years . 
  the fact that corbyn is anything more than a curiosity is another proof that western europe has collectively lost its fucking mind . 
  it was doing pretty well for a 20 year old state . 
  wait , hold on a second ... did you just say that you 're a wyborcza reader who 's afraid of the polish flag ? 
  we ca n't turn into nazis without having anyone to persecute . 
  if you decide to forcefully impose your will on us , because you have different ideas than us on how to utilize our own lebensraum , you 'll still be the bad guys , sorry . 
  your flair is triggering me , please change it . 
  the refugees do n't want our help , they want your help , by taking them from you we 're helping you , not them . 
  and you can be pretty damn sure that my grandparents would not mind me not willing to help germany . 
  i 'm still waiting for someone to explain to me how exactly was pis worse than po . 
   apparently bastards who scare the , as you called them , `` unwashed peasants '' with xenophobic bullshit for political gain , are all good . 
  there are virtually no such entities . 
  there 's not one mainstream newspaper , tv station or web portal that pushes anti-immigrant sentiments onto people , that sentiment comes from the people themselves . 
  the only agenda being pushed is the one of `` tolerance '' . 
   in the before-war syria it happened 200 times per year in a 23-million population . 
  in other words , 1 per 115000 thousand . 
  i do n't think you got those numbers correct , but that 's not the point . 
  honor killings are an extreme example , but the point is that immigrants who refuse to integrate ( and muslims lead in that department ) cause trouble that our country can do without . 
   and on what level is the `` honor '' killing worse than , say , murdering children and keeping their dead bodies in a cabbage barrell ? 
  on the level that there was not one sane person in poland who would condone the latter , when muslims commit horrific acts in the name of their violent religion , the rest of them is worryingly ok with it . 
   also , female genital mutilation - it would only bad if it happened here ? 
  if they do it elsewhere , that 's fine ? 
  we have no control over what happens elsewhere , but we can choose what sort of mindsets and behaviours we want to host in our country . 
   the iraq war directly contributed to the current crisis . 
  yes , the invasion of iraq was the first on a long chain of events that lead to emergence of is , but given how many bad decisions were made by us to allow it happen , saying that poland is somehow responsible for what is happening now in syria is like saying that france is responsible for the holocaust , because if they did n't defeat germany in wwi , hitler would never come to power . 
   `` milliunz of moslems comin ' to our countree '' yes , everyone disagreeing with you is an inbred retard from some backwoods village who ca n't even speak properly . 
  only you are enlightened enough to speak for those masses of unwashed peasants and know what 's good for them . 
   even if they were muslims , so what ? 
  you think that by accepting muslim refugees we 're gon na get sharia next week ? 
  another cheap , intellectually dishonest manipulation on your part . 
  we do n't need a muslim majority for them to cause trouble . 
  one case of female genital mutilation or honor killing is too many and we were fine without that shit here . 
   we did n't co-create this problem ? 
  that 's a very complicated matter , but in short : no . 
  not to a degree that would warrant refugee quotas . 
  there are malnourished children and people dying before they get to see a doctor in this country and you call letting germany dump 12 thousands muslims who will cause nothing but problems on us `` reasonable '' ? 
  this is n't about how 11,500 compares to 38,000,000 , this is about standing up to old eu trying to bully us into accepting responsibility for the problems they caused themselves without any regard for how this will influence our society in the long run or how the common people ( or as you call them `` right-wing nuts '' ) feel about it . 
   the men are the ones that had the courage to try the dangerous journey courage ? 
  so it now takes courage to flee ? 
  means `` armoured '' in case you 're curious . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm smarter than the danish legal system , but seeing how it 's perfectly possible to kill someone with a shot to the leg , if the situation is n't , like you said , really extreme and no one is in immidiate danger , they should n't be shooting at all , so that seems questionable to me . 
   10/10 takedown - shot in the leg , but alive . 
  cops ( or any trained shooters for that matter ) never aim for legs or arms , because a situation that requires you to shoot someone does n't allow you to miss . 
   is widely used to refer to a certain group of people regardless of the users political affiliation . 
  not in the manner you did . 
   bourgeois said the hardened udarnik , true man of the proletariat . 
  i bet that che guevara himself would be impressed with your working class cred , comrade . 
  because you 're a brainwashed useful idiot who exchanged common sense for utopian idealism . 
   in case no survivors or heirs can be found , any gold or other property that is found to have belonged to jewish families or businesses must now inure to the benefit of polish jewish survivors polish jewish survivors as they have unfortunately never been adequately compensated by poland for the suffering they endured , and or their catastrophic economic losses in the holocaust . 
  give us the shekels , goyim !, 
  never forget the 6 million who died in polish concetration camps !,
