  i voted to remain , my side lost . 
  now we need to move on and implement the will of the british electorate . 
  - one million afghans - functioning infrastructure pick one, 
  being forced to endure other 's ignorance is democracy , you dimwit . 
   people should n't be forced to endure others ignorance . 
  you tell them , mussolini !, 
  yeeah ... take a look in your own back yard . 
  i always liked `` apache '' . 
  it helps that the helicopter looks really menacing too . 
  hahaha that seems just about right . 
  that sounds like a 70s porno . 
  oh shut the fuck up, 
  the democrats said reagan was hitler , and bush too . 
  are you denying the left wing influences in american academia ? 
  anarchism is n't really socialism . 
  it 's one level above in idiocy . 
   we , ukrainians know that very well . 
  you 're just russians in denial . 
  makes sense . 
  they are banning any dissenting opinions on facebook , twitter and now even youtube too . 
  it 's sliding into a totalitarian leftist state . 
  treason used to be punished with hanging from the neck until dead . 
  look . 
  the financial markets are the thing that we should be least worried about . 
  london has been a financial centre globally for a very long time . 
  it 's not immediately tied to the eu . 
  we need to focus on looking at how to organize trading of goods to/from europe . 
  - kill their leader and destabilize the entire region . 
  - ask for permission to stop flood into europe . 
  you should have done it the other way . 
  those are some ugly colours . 
  they do not go together at all . 
  i vote against their independence based on the fact that their flag is hideous . 
  you can see the history of italy in this map . 
  very interesting and it really illustrates how the people of a nation really are its history . 
  well i think it was fair enough seeing as how his father was murdered . 
  you wo n't . 
  demographics is destiny , you 're going the way of mexico within the next 100 years . 
  england is not america . 
  you 're never further than an hour or two from a major city . 
  you people wo n't be happy before we 're 100 % `` diverse '' i.e. 
  false . 
  depends on the state . 
   the u.s has to be one of the freer markets available . 
  the problems are n't nearly as significant in denmark with high wages and low unemployment despite a literal fuckton of government interference . 
  common misconception . 
  denmark rankis higher in free market than the us . 
  bernie sanders is a raving madman with 3 houses . 
  chavez was a fucking idiot who got lucky with the price of crude oil . 
  does n't he remember what happened to the last libyan strongman ? 
  a german pointing fingers . 
  talk about the pot calling the kettle black . 
   all the politicians worth their salt are long dead in the ground . 
  enoch powell . 
  brilliant series , is n't it ? 
  so i did n't remember correctly  . 
  they handled it exactly the way they should have . 
  no means no . 
  i seriously doubt any pole wants the streets of warsaw to look like the streets of london where you ca n't even find brits in most areas . 
  i do n't care . 
  people get offended way too easily . 
  the reality is that the uk uses `` asian '' because otherwise the crime statistics would be even more skewed than they already are . 
  france has capitulated already . 
  if charles martel woke up , stepped out of his grave and out into saint denis he would think that he lost the battle of tours . 
  there 's a critical mass . 
  nobody wants to see their neighborhood completely overrun with foreigners of any kind ; or how do you feel about the russians in eastern ukraine/crimea ? 
  why anybody would want to live in londonistan is beyond me . 
  you pay premium money to live like a rat in somebody 's 5x5 closet in a multi cultural hell hole . 
  asians always integrate well ( not the type that the uk tends to label asians , the other asians ) . 
  hate facts ? 
   he was crazy yes he was . 
  did n't he lose his mind completely when he returned to spain ? 
  well ... 
  the one good thing coming out of all this anti-russian hysteria is that the crimes of the communists are finally getting some attention . 
  that 's just income tax and social security . 
  once you account for real taxes i.e. 
  including tax on goods , property etc. 
  i think they rank higher . 
   was sponsored by the ussr but that does n't make any sense at all . 
  the yugoslav were n't on great terms with ussr since they were doing their own brand of communism outside of the soviet influence . 
  why would they sponsor something that makes yugoslavia stronger ? 
   for decades the macedonian government has been extremely aggressive against anything bulgarian , particularly during the last gruevski government . 
  wtf , why ? 
  you 're basically the same people . 
  you even speak the same language even if you pretend like you do n't . 
  we do n't have to go back to ww2 . 
  we can go back to the 90s and the breakup of yugoslavia . 
  heck , go to a local bar in croatia and you can still see frames of dinko sakic and even ante pavelic . 
  `` freedom fighers '' . 
  we ca n't leave . 
  your potatoes are too good . 
  sigh . 
  i guess i 'll just never visit a major city in england again . 
  i 'll stay here in the countryside . 
  it may not be affecting the eu as a whole but it is most definitely affecting farmers in northern europe . 
  i aim to please !, 
  the uk makes sense . 
  the content on reddit is mostly in english , we speak english ( most of us only speak english ) . 
  makes sense to me . 
  other europeans probably have similar websites in their own languages with significant traffic .
