  complete horse shit . 
  you can deny your dutch ancestry all you want - you 're half dutch . 
  being british means that you have the vast majority of your ancestry from these islands . 
  it means that you are genetically similar to the people who came before you on these islands . 
  your characteristics , personality and who you are is a direct result of your genes . 
  britain is what it is because it is full of brits . 
  i do not magically become chinese if i move there . 
  i will never be chinese . 
  what the hell does equality in front of the law have to do with ethnic groups ? 
  abso-fucking-lutely nothing . 
   thing is , there is nothing you can do about it anymore . 
  this is the uk , you ca n't go back . 
  defeatism at its finest . 
  it 's not over before the fat lady sings . 
  we are still almost 90 % white british - we can turn this ship around . 
   the uk decided to become a multi-ethnic country . 
  nobody asked us . 
  tony blair and his cabinet decided to `` rub their face in diversity '' . 
  a british passport is a piece of paper . 
  it means nothing . 
  he is not anymore british than any other arab or pakistani is . 
  let him leave . 
  strip him of his citizenship and passport . 
  if he tries to return he will be convicted of treason and hanged from the neck until dead . 
  about as european as mogadishu . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was kidding . 
  beware of the wrath of the norsemen . 
  italy was extremely creative . 
  did not see that one one coming at all !, 
  i pulled up my old pay slip from my e-mail . 
  does - check your contract . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  you were trying to brush it off as `` i do n't see them hence they are n't there '' . 
  meh i do n't really buy those rankings . 
  their criteria include things like r&d activity and stem degree holders . 
  i do n't really care about degrees or universities . 
  they are for the most part useless indoctrination . 
  silicon valley is without a doubt the number one place for high tech innovation but texas is catching up quickly due to advantageous taxes . 
  ny is easily # 1 in financial innovations . 
  southern europeans on the phone are loud and always sound angry !, 
  american tourists are n't bad at all , what makes you say that ? 
   unless your only definition of quality of life is to drive far away into the suburbs to your oversized house , carefully chosen to be in a neighbourhood with a good school and with low crime rates . 
  that 's what you get in inequal societies . 
  that 's what you do in sweden too . 
  how many swedes live in rosengard or angered ? 
  america is just 30 years ahead of europe in terms of mass immigration . 
  it 's coming this way too , and it will be worse for us . 
  at least their immigrants are n't muslim . 
  you 'll be paying jizya by the time you 're 50 . 
  ok this guy does n't know what the fuck he is talking about . 
  you 're 15 right ? 
  you 've never worked , have you ? 
  because i have worked in sweden and it most definitely shows up . 
  it was roughly 1/3 of my paycheck every month . 
  nearly everyone . 
  you 're not paying attention . 
  if you make more than 34k sek you 're `` upper class '' in sweden . 
  til nurses are upper class . 
  trump just abolished the green card lottery . 
  if you 're upper middle class the us without a shadow of a doubt the best country to be in . 
  you 're probably lying . 
  you make roughly four times the money that anyone in europe does if you 're middle class - and more than 7 times the money if you 're upper middle class . 
  your insurance is paid for by your company , and even if you have to pay it on your own it 's an economic win . 
  why are you lying ? 
  go to the champs elysees and you 'll see them . 
  ca/tx and maybe ny . 
  most research institutes in the us are also funded by the government . 
  yeah it 's us seeing the real result of decades of communism . 
   i did not blame anything on america , just described my observation , that it is mostly angelos who claim stuff like that , never germans . 
   they want money from us . 
  no one pays more into the eu than germany and no one gets more money out of it than poland . 
  if they want that to continue , they should abide by european rules . 
  on top of that they want us to defend them against russia and now they want reparations and they want us to stop nord stream . 
  if they want our help in all of that , they should be nice to us . 
  i do n't see how you perceive that as `` bullying around '' . 
  running an empire is expensive . 
  yes , we had our share of socialism too . 
  go on google scholar and search for it , you will find thousands of studies to your heart 's content . 
  it 's not just the people . 
  the buildings , the surroundings , the general feeling of poverty . 
  amen . 
  i do n't remember who said but `` a utopia is only reached by crossing a sea of blood ; but the sea never ends '' . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/science-news/9267147/its-nature-not-nurture-personality-lies-in-genes-twins-study-shows.html for an example . 
  there are tons of studies spanning several decades . 
  the idea that people are a `` tabula rasa '' has been thoroughly debunked by science but it still persists . 
  i think it 's because people are uncomfortable with the reality of the situation . 
  if you 're dumb there 's nothing you can do about it , that 's basically what the science is telling us nowadays . 
  ( ( ( goldman schlomo sachs ) ) ), 
  communist is so depressing . 
  you can feel the misery in the photos . 
   i ca n't feel proud of something that i did n't choose , but i feel lucky to be european at this moment . 
  your choice is irrelevant . 
  you carry the genes of your forefathers who achieved all the great things that they did . 
  this argument often seems to rely on the idea that the ego is separate from the body . 
  it 's not like you are who you are based on complete randomness and that your soul was placed in some random body . 
  oh lucky you , you got a european body . 
  almost everything about you is genetically determined . 
  you are who you are because of your ancestors and genes . 
  this is the whole idea of why people sometimes live vicariously through their children - because their children truly are their only shot at immortality . 
  the french revolution was rationalism taken to its extreme which lead to the reign of terror .
