   guess who own your automobile , railways , football clubs and almost all of the lands in london ? 
  what ?!, 
  who gives a shit ? 
  fyi i voted remain , you oaf . 
  no you 're right . 
  more like sad . 
  oh god !, 
  please , not the r-word . 
  yes , did he also give them soap and tell them to go take a cyanide shower ? 
  - he has ended the practice of sanctuary cities - he cut bullshit like the national endowment for arts out of the budget - he has got a conservative into the supreme court - he is getting ice to arrest and deport criminal illegals - he got the travel ban through the supreme court - he has instructed the department of justice to end affirmative action i.e. 
  racism against whites and asians . 
  - he secured funding for the wall in congress - he got the us a better trade deal with china - he killed tpp - he just came out with an immigration reform like the canadian/australian point system instead of a moronic lottery . 
  that 's what i can think of on my own , but here 's a list that i found after a simple google search : campaign promise 1 : to replace antonin scalia with a like-minded justice from a list of 20 trump replaced antonin scalia with neil gorsuch , an incredibly qualified and constitution-abiding justice * campaign promise 2 : to suspend immigration from terror-prone countries trump has successfully enacted a travel ban that is 100 % constitutional and is made from the seven ( six , now ) `` countries of concern '' outlined by the obama administration . 
  this ban is part of president trump 's promise to keep every citizen of the united states safe from radical islamic terrorism . 
  campaign promise 3 : to defund and crack down on sanctuary cities trump has implemented a yuge crackdown on sanctuary cities , threatening to defund them * - attorney general sessions has stated that he is not messing around when it comes to sanctuary cities , and continues in the fight against cities that harbor criminal illegal aliens campaign promise 4 : to revive the keystone pipeline and dakota access pipeline the revival of the dakota and keystone xl pipelines creating american jobs campaign promise 5 : to pull the us out of the tpp , an obama-era trade deal detrimental to the us trump pulled us out of the tpp which would have been absolutely disastrous for the us campaign promise 6 : donald trump loves women and wants to help women !, 
  trump has signed an executive order promoting women in stem jobs ( careers real feminists strive for , not `` dance therapy '' feminists ) trump has launched a council empowering female leaders and female entrepreneurs campaign promise 7 : to renegotiate , or pull out of bill clinton 's terrible trade deal , nafta trump met with justin trudeau ( what a joke ) to discuss the tweaking of nafta to benefit the us more , after he threatens to leave it * - the trump administration has laid out what he wishes to see in regards to nafta reform campaign promise 8 : to undo ridiculous obama-era federal agency regulations trump ordered a two-for-one repeal for all new regulations enacted by federal agencies campaign promise 9 : to rollback obama-era regulations on small businesses trump has rolled back ridiculous obama-era regulations that have made it nearly impossible for small businesses to hire employees trump has already saved taxpayers $ 86 billion by cutting regulations * - trump has undone hundreds of obama-era job killing regulations which has helped cause a significant increase of jobs campaign promise 10 : to help america 's inner-cities deeply in need of rebuilding trump has signed an executive order to give major funding to `` historically black colleges and universities , '' helping out inner-cities immensely campaign promise 11 : to protect our policemen , the true everyday heroes trump signed an executive order protecting our police campaign promise 12 : to crackdown on illegal immigration and to build a wall trump has implemented a yuge crackdown on illegal immigration and he has started the wall initiative campaign promise 13 : to bolster our depleted military trump has increased our military budget because we do n't want to use our military , but want to be prepared to use it campaign promise 14 : to enact a five year lobbying ban on government officials after they leave office trump has placed a five year and lifetime lobbying ban on government officials for when they leave office campaign promise 15 : to crackdown on drug cartels and illegal drugs crossing the border trump signed an executive order cracking down on drug cartels campaign promise 16 : to revitalize the dying coal industry in the us trump has enacted joint resolution 38 putting thousands of coal miners back to work campaign promise 17 : to create american jobs and bring companies back to america trump negotiated a deal with carrier promising to bring manufacturing and jobs back to the us . 
  trump has met with ceos from huge companies to work on bringing jobs back to america there was an increase of 298,000 jobs in february alone ( liberals will say that counts in obama 's fiscal year , but we know the truth ) trump met with intel ceo who promised $ 7 billion investment and over 3,000 high paying ( not `` shovel ready '' bullshit jobs ) in america trump met with the ceo of softbank who has promised 50,000 more american jobs and has already fulfilled 3,000 of those jobs kroger has promised over 10,000 new jobs in the era of trump the month of march yielded 263,000 new jobs , which passes the month 's estimated 185,000 big league campaign promise 18 : pushing nato allies to pay their fair share or face the reality of the us possibly leaving trump has put major pressure on the members of nato to pay their fair and equal share because there are only a handful of countries in nato who currently pay as much as agreed upon campaign promise 19 : to make america energy independent , relieving us from our dependence on foreign entities , such as opec trump has taken major steps towards america 's energy independence campaign promise 20 : to enact a hiring freeze on government employees to help stop corruption trump enacted a hiring freeze to all federal employees , cutting down on the over-bloated bureaucracy campaign promise 21 : trump could be the president that takes us to mars !, 
  trump signed a bill allowing nasa funding , including an exploration to mars campaign promise 22 : to undo many of obama 's unconstitutional executive orders rescinding ( one of ) obama 's incredibly unconstitutional actions regarding transgender bathrooms in schools campaign promise 23 : the repeal and replacement of obamacare . 
  the recent gop fallout of ahca plan was no fault of trump 's . 
  the blame solely belongs to speaker ryan . 
  he created a shit bill and could n't even capitalize to get enough votes . 
  obamacare will crash in 2017 when individual mandates kick in and democrats will be to blame . 
  that is when trump will truly work to repeal and replace it with a plan he promised us . 
  trump got rid of the idiotic penalty in obamacare that fines you if you choose not to participate in the program campaign promise 24 : to `` bomb the shit out of isis '' a few days ago , trump dropped the yuge moab on a group of isis militants , killing 90 + terrorists and causing damage to underground tunnels and technology he called for a drone strike in afghanistan killing qari yasin , a pakistani al-qaeda leader campaign promise 25 : to not take a salary as president he donated his first quarterly salary to the national park service campaign promise 26 : to reform the va and make it easier for vets to get more healthcare opportunities he signed a bill allowing veterans to seek healthcare outside of the broken va system trump has created the accountability office at the va , making it incredibly easy to oust incompetent va employees campaign promise 27 : to create a much needed tax reform trump has laid out an extremely concise , yet effective tax reform plan to lower taxes for americans and end things like inheritance tax , and to cut corporate tax rates down to 15 % campaign promise 28 ( scroll down to see `` school choice and education act '' ) : to fix our country 's incredibly broken education system trump has signed an executive order giving the power of our country 's education back to state and local authorities, 
  i went to your mom 's house . 
  i already conceded that theresa may is an imbecile . 
  6 million, 
  they do n't want muslims in poland or communists in charge of their legal system . 
  smart people . 
   yep , it checks out . 
  glad we can agree . 
  trust does n't mean that much , that is why you have an army of lawyers . 
  the only thing you can trust on is that the other side is interested in their own well being . 
  as for trump , what are you talking about ? 
  he 's been pushing out a massive amount of overhauling legislation . 
  he 's getting a lot done , which is why the democrats are losing their minds . 
  the one major failure was the repeal of obamacare . 
  theresa may is an imbecile . 
  we need somebody like enoch powell . 
  all in due time . 
  the police are already arresting people for having the wrong attitude to the `` new germans '' . 
  because it 's full of germans . 
  globalization is over , it 's very 1990s . 
  that 's what erdogan calls it . 
  wrong again . 
  the only country that i dislike is germany . 
  that is just a definition that you made up on your own . 
  democracy is literately only about majority rule . 
  you 're talking about classical liberalism . 
  i voted remain . 
  i hate football . 
  i play sports , i do n't watch them . 
  i hardly drink any alcohol at all . 
  try again , frogger . 
  funny , that 's how i feel about germans in general . 
  yeah the empire was in fact so terrible that all of the subjects are trying to get into the uk to this day . 
  you 're the country that went on an industrial level killing spree . 
  you will never ever be able to point fingers at anyone . 
  the uk was doing just fine before the eu existed and will be doing just fine long after it has disappeared . 
  in that case merkel is a dictator too . 
  she 's putting the lid on anyone who does n't remain within the confines of accepted german neoliberalism and cultural marxism . 
  censoring facebook , twitter and youtube . 
  yes . 
  that is what you hear all the time `` because of our history it is important that germany remains open blah blahb lbah [ more cultural marxist mumbo jumbo ] '' . 
  i want you to shut up about poland . 
  your people have ravaged around in eastern europe enough as it is . 
   diversity is our strength same old tired bullshit . 
  there is absolutely no evidence of this anywhere . 
  diversity in fact is directly correlated with breakup of social trust , conflict and an increasingly insular society . 
  see the robert putnam study . 
  if diversity is such a strength why do you need an army of hr representatives to enforce it on everyone ? 
  america 's peak as a global superpower and king of the hill coincided with the period of 1924-1965 during which america had a policy of net neutral immigration and it favoured north-western europeans - the people who built the country . 
  are you trying to convince me that the murder capital of america , chicago , is some multi cultural paradise ? 
  how many people have been murdered there this year alone ? 
  i have n't and it was n't trump 's idea . 
  it 's common business strategy . 
  lol as if you could stop them . 
  german men are probably all vegan and gender fluid . 
  you went full retard to the right in ww2 and somehow you think that going full retard left in 2000 will balance it out . 
  well , to be fair . 
  america gave germany a shit ton of money after wwii . 
  poland fell under the soviets and never received a penny from germany despite completely raping that country . 
  pay up germany . 
  you like to flagelate and bring in millions of 3rd worlders because you 're so ashamed of your history . 
  here 's something that your ancestors actually are responsible . 
  pay up or shut up . 
  the same old tired mantra . 
  you may not like erdogan , but he is no dictator . 
  he has very strong support from the majority of the turkish electorate . 
  just because he 's not a liberal it does n't make him into a dictator . 
  poland is n't going anywhere . 
  i always get the feeling that nobody on / r/europe has ever negotiated anything . 
  when you 're in a negotiation you go in and `` shit test '' the other side . 
  you go in with ridiculous demands and then when you concede it seems like you 're conceding a lot and so the other side will give you more of what you really want . 
  this is business as usual , pay no heed . 
  you seem to have a flimsy grasp on what democracy means . 
  no man is an island . 
  either we work together through democracy , in which case you win some and you lose some , or we have a dictator . 
  i guess a third way is total anarchy but humans turn into cavemen quickly when social order breaks down . 
  personally i 'm for democracy .
