i think there was one poll that had trump winning . 
  so yeah . 
  i 'll wipe my arse with their polls . 
  place them in medieval france and find waldo . 
  who does not belong ? 
  no , they were miles away . 
  they said she was gon na sweep it easy peasy . 
  only pikeys have tattoos . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  europe is lost unless deportations begin right now . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  paris , marseilles , bordeaux etc. 
  are all occupied cities . 
  i went to bordeaux this spring for business - i swung by a super market down town to get some water because it was hot as shit - there was n't a single white person in the store . 
  it 's entirely possible - but i do n't buy it due to how bad the polling has been as of late . 
   france has territories on every continent on earth , these people are french . 
  woah you watched a 3 minute video in 1 minute . 
  you must be smart . 
  a few ? 
  more like all of them . 
  name a major french city that is n't `` diverse '' . 
  the daily stormer . 
  ambitious ? 
  not lazy ? 
  i 'm just gon na chalk this up to english being a second language for you . 
  i 've made my point . 
  good bye . 
  i bet you vote labour, 
  hollande was cumming in the bitch and hoping she would n't get pregnant . 
  macron is attempting to pull out when he feels like he is about to cum . 
  what we need is a man who will chop off his dick . 
  i disagree for the simple reason that i have children . 
  having children is a complete paradigm shift . 
  i used to think it was bullshit when people said that until i had kids of my own . 
  now i actually have a legitimate long term perspective . 
  i just do n't believe that he is as unpopular as the media and the polls say - because going from what they said in the election he had literately no chance of winning . 
  france has had open borders for decades - have you ever been there ? 
  french cities look like a mix of tangiers and senegal . 
  mhm . 
  `` american zyklon b shampoo on u.k. 
  shelves after brexit '' . 
  yes . 
  i 'm the smug one . 
  why is it relevant whether or not it changes things for me ? 
  but you 're the genius exception , right ? 
  if you got to rule , you 'd do it so well that we 'd be in an eternal paradise , would n't you ? 
  yeah forgive me for being skeptical . 
  you 're not wrong - you 're just viewing it as way too black and white . 
  people are n't as stupid as collectivists like to believe . 
  i 'm sure it had nothing to do with rough necks wanting to pocket more money and thus wanting less taxes . 
  it was all the evil rich people who sit in board rooms all day long thinking `` how can i fuck over the working man today ? 
   that 's like trump numbers like those trump numbers that kept saying he did n't have a chance to win ? 
  - welfare - open borders pick one, 
  rich people are evil blah blah blah . 
  but we are finding better alternatives . 
  there are news every day about how city x or country y managed to meet energy demands with renewables . 
  a complete change is not gon na come towmorrow but rest assured , it is coming . 
  a quick google search revealed that 70 % of all oil in the us is used for transportation . 
  once that source dries up the demand for oil will absolutely plummet . 
  i 'm not talking about today . 
  i clearly said in the coming decades . 
  it will fall as renewables become more and more reliable and efficient . 
   throwing around your goals like they 're facts reading comprehension is not your strong suite , is it ? 
  sure . 
  everything is black and white and putin is stupid . 
  heck , he probably ca n't even read , amirite ?!, 
  lulz, 
  that 's where you 're wrong . 
  i never claimed that . 
  i said that it was my goal . 
  reading comprehension is key , as you said  . 
  propaganda is supposed to hit your primal instincts - and it 's not bad propaganda or putin would n't be as popular as he is . 
  we often get the knee-jerk reaction of calling anyone who we do n't agree with `` stupid '' . 
  putin is many things , but he is not stupid . 
  again , what happened to that reading comprehension ? 
  did i , or did i not claim that i read 100 books a year ? 
  answer the question . 
  then why did you try to attack me on it , falsely claiming that i said that i read a book every 3.6 days ? 
  it will be interesting to see how places like norway , scotland , texas and even more so saudi arabia and kuwait will deal with a globally falling demand for oil in the coming decades . 
   the intelligence comes into play when you 're trying to grasp what you 've just read . 
  you should try that . 
  did i , or did i not say that i read 100 books/year ? 
  i passed over a bridge in greece that is still in regular use every single day - it was built by the romans . 
  they sure did build things to last . 
  my goal is to read 100 books a year . 
  i 've yet to manage doing that but i am avid reader and i 've probably read more books than you 've ever even cracked open . 
  i have no issues with that . 
  it 's your right in a democratic society to campaign for it . 
  salty indeed . 
  you 'll be even saltier when we leave . 
  watching women play football is like watching the kentucky derby but with cows . 
  are you dense or just pretending to be ? 
  are you seriously claiming that farage was claiming that we should stay in the single market ?!, 
  he made it abundantly clear that we would be leaving the single market . 
  you cut out sound bytes out of context and are citing them as `` ugh look '' . 
  i gave you a straight up video where the direct question regarding the single market was asked and the direct answer was given : we 're leaving . 
  daniel hannan was the only one who seemed to want to stay - he was a minor player . 
  gove , johnson , farage and cameron all made it clear . 
  we 're leaving . 
  now quit your crying , we 're leaving the single market and that 's that .
