  i voted remain . 
   filthy slavs lol . 
  at least they are indo-europeans  . 
  it was n't just the government . 
  the leaders of the brexit campaign made it very clear - we 'd be leaving the single market . 
  stop crying and get on with it . 
  it is fruitless because you 're wrong . 
  america does n't need help with no-fly zones because they have the know-how and military might . 
  europe just does n't . 
  indeed . 
  a colonial temper tantrum . 
  that 's what happens when you put a remainer in charge of brexit . 
  link is broken, 
   the eu could very well do it if they wanted . 
  hell , only france could perfectly do this about libya if it wanted to . 
  but that implies more spending and more planes over there . 
  it 's easier and cheaper to ask for the us to help a bit . 
  oh yeah , the good old `` i could totally do it if i wanted to but i do n't want to '' - argument . 
  ok i 'm sold !, 
  he needs to be the emperor of europe tomorrow !, 
   i 'm from ni and would very much consider being part of the republic at some stage in the future so you ca n't really generalise like that . 
  yes i can . 
  it 's called democracy . 
  it 's not even close . 
  ni does not want to belong to the republic . 
  it 's not that putin is fit - it 's that he 's masculine . 
  the guy is a black belt judo master and looks confident around hunting rifles and out in the wild . 
  it speaks to something primal in humans . 
  like putin could be in charge of a hunter-gatherer society and actually make shit happen . 
  neither macron or rutte even have children . 
  ca n't trust leaders without children . 
  bugger off and whinge to nick clegg about it . 
   what they did n't vote for : any of that other stuff . 
  all of that stuff was discussed nationally for months at a time - claiming anything else is disingenuous . 
  it 's like saying that the ruling party can not push their politics through because nobody voted for the politics , they just voted for the party . 
  no it 's not and no you ca n't have northern ireland and no they do not want to be a part of the republic . 
  everyone thinks that the bbc is leftist . 
  it 's not even up for debate . 
  that 's exactly how i feel about merkel opening the flood gates to europe . 
  it has had almost the exact opposite affect here . 
  manufacturing moved to romania and bulgaria and there 's more and more poverty outside of the major urban areas . 
  say what you will about the nazis but they had impeccable style . 
  nobody can say that the ss uniforms were ugly . 
  google `` 23 and me '' . 
  you can do it on yourself . 
  in my experience most americans have a good idea of where in europe their ancestors came from so there should n't be any massive surprises . 
  does n't matter - the recommendation is 2 % , only a few countries reach that level . 
  the eu could not even enforce a no-fly zone over libya without american logistics and support . 
  you expect to have any kind of credible hard line against russia without american help ? 
  go invite some more terrorists into europe , that 's what you do well . 
  destroy europe . 
  fucking germany . 
  hardly . 
  the only reason your country still exists is america . 
  you constantly shit on them and you do n't even pay your dues to nato . 
  your rethroic on russia relies entirerly on american military might backing up your words , and that goes for pretty much all of europe . 
  shit on them in one breath then expect them to build missile defense systems in eastern europe on the next . 
  i drove through there this summer on my way from dubrovnik to split . 
  how come i only saw churches and no mosques along the coast ? 
  is the area under bosnian rule but populated by catholics i.e. 
  ( ( there is no agenda ) ) https://twitter.com/orwellngoode/status/894176127199195137, 
  a pension that i will never receive a penny from . 
  the pension system that the western world uses is completely unfunded , if it was run by a company our balance sheet would have long since passed the point where we would have been forced into bankruptcy . 
  the baby boomers will be the last generation to get any meaningful government pension . 
  londonistan is not european . 
  constantinople is occupied . 
   he 's not lying , have you lived in the us ? 
  the quality you get for your money in europe is higher in almost all aspects of life . 
  only 17 years . 
   in the us your pay will be about 2x higher . 
  but so will your rent/house and the house you 'll live in will be absolute trash compared to what you get in europe . 
  bad isolation , single layer windows , paper thin walls , water tank instead of real time heater , cheap roof tiles , fake decorations etc. 
  go and check the houses in the tech areas in california on zillow , you pay millions for a house that would n't even meet the minimum standards in germany . 
  2x more ? 
  you got fucked . 
  were you there on an h1b visa ? 
  as a newly graduated engineer in britain you 'll be lucky to make 30k , in the us you 'll make around 80 and if you 're lucky up towards 120k . 
  as for the housing prices in california , that 's what 's called a free market . 
  people are prepared to pay a lot to live there because location , location , location . 
  america has its positive and negative sides . 
  for somebody like me , who works day in and day out anyway because i get bored easily it 's perfect . 
  i can make a career for myself like i never could have in the uk . 
  it is n't . 
  there were no black citizens of rome . 
  or send him there but let assad know which flight he 's gon na be on . 
  they can greet him with a meat grinder at the airport . 
  i 've visited paris many times . 
  it used to be nice . 
  now it 's like africa . 
   then answer my question . 
  where do you want to bring this ship ? 
  i want it to remain overwhelmingly white british . 
  say around 95 % . 
  other europeans can make up the remaining 5 % and a vanishingly small and insignificant population from elsewhere . 
   do you want to rewrite the english language in order to remove all latin and germanic influences ? 
  but it would n't be english anymore . 
  well , first of all english is a germanic language - but even if it was n't i do n't care . 
  cultural exchange is completely different from importing the whole world into your country . 
   you are british if you embrace british culture . 
  your ethnicity has nothing to do with it .
