serbia !, 
  macedonia , my second favourite country . 
  happy independance day to you all !, 
  i 'm off to listen to to\u0161e proeski to celebrate ... :d, 
  but i 'm learning russian already ... and my russian flag is already on my flagpole outside . 
  russia is welcome into british isles as far as i 'm concerned !, 
  i love russians and i love putin . 
  there was a time when i actually considered going to join myself . 
  i do n't speak any kurdish though ... :(, 
  is that ukrainian ? 
  i can read it !, 
  white british muslim here . 
  it 's a sad reality that open anti-islamic sentiment is a reality here in the uk , and i know this all too well because i have personally experienced it myself . 
  i 've had everything from simple name calling to threats of physical violence , actual physical violence and even an open threat to kill me , done right to my face . 
  my ` crime ' in this case was simply being dressed in an abaya and hijab/niqab and being there . 
  the result is that i actually deeply question whether i even want to remain in the country , because the country i see before me is slowly turning into one i do n't recognise , one where i 'm being held accountable for things in which i have no part and even outright reject , and pronounced guilty simply for being someone . 
  no matter what i say or do , it 's never going to be good enough . 
  i 'm a french , serbian and english ( native ) speaker . 
  * german * : having hung around a lot of german speaking people , it 's slowly grown on me . 
  does n't seem to have that rhythm to it of other languages though , and the grammar is confusing . 
  * spanish/portuguese * : not a million miles away from french , can sometimes understand some of what 's being said . 
  the nasal sounds grate on me though . 
  * italian * : a language i wish i knew . 
  sounds so nice to listen to , especially sung . 
  * russian * : i never used to like russian , but learning serbian has made russian sound a lot better to my ears . 
  i can pick up some words and phrases , and some of the grammar is similar to serbian , but otherwise it can sometimes just sound like gibberish . 
  * polish * : same with russian , sounded terrible until i started learning serbian . 
  seems to have a lot of the same letter sounds actually , even if the spelling looks like someone smashed both their hands on the keyboard and called it a day . 
  * danish * : sounds like someone mumbling half the time , all in one big word . 
  * norwegian * : probably my favourite scandinavian language . 
  seems a fairly ` happy sounding ' language . 
  * swedish * : i can pick up on some swedish , but some of the sounds just baffle me . 
  * icelandic * : * runs away * gibberish . 
  although i did enjoy ' * the night shift * ' ( icelandic drama series ) . 
  * macedonian * : sounds nearly identical to serbian , and i keep trying to work out what stuff means but ca n't . 
  one day i might actually learn it . 
  * slovene * : sounds like someone is trying to speak serbian with marbles in their mouth . 
  * croatian * : admittedly most of my exposure to croatian comes from marko perkovi\u0107 and thompson . 
  the whole thing with extra j 's in words is annoying . 
  * dutch * : make your mind up if you want to speak english or german and stick to it . 
  plus all the oo 's and ee 's and ieuw 's and ij 's gives me a headache . 
  boo , holland . 
  my brain hurts ... i 've tried to pronounce that 4 times and i sound like i 'm trying to throw up . 
  weird bunch of wooden shoe-wearing , tulip growing weirdos . 
  georgian looks like someone testing a pen ... also , pivo ftw !, 
  wales is awesome !, 
  here 's the reason dutch is a scary language and i 'm sticking to my nice easy serbian . 
  plus , too many oo 's and ee 's and stupid vowel combos like ` ieuw ' . 
  hey , i 'm only a short ferry ride away from holland !, 
  i 'll be over as soon as i can be bothered to learn dutch . 
  it always threw me when i saw old pictures of bosnia and i even saw what looked like a niqab . 
  well in bosnia my hijab would n't make me stick out like a sore thumb ... there 's always an upside . 
  but seriously , i 'd love to live in the balkans . 
  i 'll do you a swap !, 
  hope you like the uk ... 
  i wan na move to holland ... cyclist heaven !, 
  also , that picture is making me feel nauseous ... heights are not my thing . 
  that 's more than i earn here in the uk !, 
  room in croatia for one more ? 
  pretty please , can i be serbian ? 
  i 'll give you a clue : war crimes tribunals . 
  the greatest country in the world !, 
  haha , wonder why holland is an asshole ? 
  reminds me of the albanian flag a lot . 
  i was debating whether to click on that ... phew , it 's safe . 
  i 've got a serbian flag hanging up in my bedroom window ... the neighbours must think i 'm weird . 
  serbia !, 
  where are my dragons ? 
  yep , wales has the second best flag in the world . 
  i 'd eat rotten fish ... then again , i 'd eat anything . 
  you forgot the vodka . 
  hey , if there 's any cute russian guys , i wo n't complain ... :d, 
  yeah , but at least then i 'll be able to have a gun and shoot the things . 
  free rugs/coat/hat material !, 
  it must be said , mostly the sheep are looking for food . 
  they 're pretty harmless , even the rams . 
  although i was once in the rhondda valley and almost crashed into a drystone wall because a sheep decided it was a fantastic idea to wander across a road randomly . 
  ah that 's just made me laugh . 
  plus , siberia has less sheep . 
  much as i love sheep ( not in that way !!!, 
  ) , i do n't like them breaking into my garden and eating the flowers !, 
  plus , sheep poo . 
  if russia wants more population , i 'll go !, 
  no , i 'm not joking ... i 'd love to be russian !, 
  this was the map i was looking for , thank you !, 
  fun fact , if you take a map of the kingdoms of the game of thrones world , you can actually make a map of england from them . 
  there was a reddit post about this ... i 'll have to find it . 
  can i move to siberia please ? 
  it 's about 22 degrees at present , and it was around the 30 degree mark yesterday . 
  i hate the heat ... 
  no , they 're generally only of interest when they overstep the mark or start causing problems . 
  critics and even outright opponents of putin exist , both in russia and outside of it . 
  please , please can i move to russia ? 
  i love putin ... 
  yes . 
  end of story . 
  i had exactly the same thought - stupid ideas are demolished when they are free to discussion , debate and criticism . 
  relevant thomas paine quote :  if it be truth , let it stand to enquiry , for truth is distinct from error . 
  i just got burek flakes all over my ipad screen laughing ... 
  i was typing from memory when i typed that post , so if i 'm wrong i am open to being corrected .
