  regardless of our own defences any situation where we would be invaded is unlikely : a ) we 're bloody neutral b ) we do have a basic army , navy , air corps & reserves . 
  c ) we 're not short of any well trained militia ( see ` the troubles ' and ` the ira ' ) d ) not only is the us army a primary ally , it 's also our sworn protector : http://www.irishtimes.com/news/obama-tells-dublin-crowd-america-will-stand-by-you-1.876964 e ) we 're not a member of nato , and our troops only operate abroad for peacekeeping purposes . 
  i 've heard that before actually . 
  unfortunately our education system treats irish in a ridiculous manner - where it sort of presumes the student knows it already similar to a level as english , it does n't focus on ` teaching it ' . 
  i.e ) i learned both irish and german in school , and while i am almost fluent in deutsch , i have very little irish because it was all about rote learning . 
  guerilla warfare was also used in the 1700-1800 's in ireland , when a foreign power was invading . 
  arguably the british empires war with ireland during the 1900 's was much more intense than a foreign invasion - britain had the infrastructure to move troops and artillery a lot faster than any foreign power could . 
  - and it was n't even remotely it 's own country - while their may have been a british occupation of ireland , it was never fully british controlled - there were always much more ira & irb members than there were british soldiers . 
  well it 's direction in a straight line . 
  but if we take flight routes than the us is closer than any of the other countries on the left side bar canada . 
  the famine was genocide on a larger scale than the holocaust , induced by britain on the republic of ireland . 
  could not agree more . 
  previous to the famine we had a population of 8 million - that was just a little less than england at the time [ 10 million ] . 
  and england managed to ship thousands of tonnes of meat and grains from ireland and trade them oversees , despite the starving irish . 
  you did not have to bail us out . 
  you needed to bail us out because , if you had n't heard , the uk owned billions of pounds in irish national bonds - if you had n't bailed us out and we had burned the bondholders the uk would have been in economic crisis . 
  go way with your uk takes care of ireland thing - the us is our main line of defence , and since the formation of the state has been our closes military ally . 
  irish special services still train with navy seals . 
  actually it is effective . 
  ireland is the home of modern guerrilla warfare . 
  it was most effective in removing the brits from the country . 
  - should read up on tom barrys ' flying columns - very interesting : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tom_barry_ ( soldier ), 
  you forgot , we also have an armed land rover and rolling pins . 
  [ and lots of american friends  ], 
  completely agree , that and the fact that 30 % of the population of the north is employed by the public sector . 
  we have enough public servants to go around as it is . 
  also from cork , can also confirm - up until two years ago i believed donegal was in the north . 
  from ireland : - one of my favourite movies ( and the funniest of all time ) is an irish movie set in bruges - `` in bruges '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvdkybnceeq - brussels is our de facto capital of the eu , beautiful city ( & country ) - know that you have a 10mil population - belgian chocolate , fries & waffles are all amazing - lower gdp per capita than ireland - also know that bruges is a shithole  - cool federal style state , which can hold up eu policies much to our annoyance , 
  i see what you 're saying . 
  very interesting to see such a progressive party though , in ireland our political parties are so conservative they 're afraid to sneeze . 
  huge respect for the netherlands , one of my favourite eu countries - always ahead of the game . 
  it is quite good to see a political party that protects civil privacy however , because the spying of eu citizens by the likes of nsa and gchq has come to an almost dystopian precedent . 
  perhaps this party is slightly ahead of its time , but we will see more like it soon i 'm sure . 
  thanks for your reply  sounds very progressive and libertarian , are they popular ? 
  we know how you feel re weather . 
  i 'm intrigued by piraten partij , do tell ? 
  iceland is significant to europe , and as of right now is more of a significant member of the eu than the uk - do n't be so dismissive . 
  no bollocks mate . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/06/25/the-uncomfortable-question-was-the-brexit-vote-based-on-racism/ http://www.vox.com/2016/6/23/12005814/brexit-eu-referendum-immigrants and if you look at the exit poll statistics for manchester and birmingam main reasons provided for voting ` leave ' was the repatriation of immigrants . 
  that looks like xenophobia to me . 
  roman empire never made it to ireland . 
  called it hibernia and moved on , too fucking cold to make the journey . 
  considering the fact most of the 52 % of leave votes in your country were inspired by xenophobia . 
  you never know , with the way the eurovision is going it might be western sahara or nepal at the bottom of the list . 
  ` regularyly ' -- two mins there mary , i 'll grab the bread and milk in the hypermarch\u00e9 across the channel after my morning laps, 
  from ireland , i feel strongly a part of europe , and we 're even further away from our continental friends than the brits . 
  he is man - just has a speech impediment, 
  there is a lot of whiskey . 
  thanks man, 
  in all fairness have some respect - he has a speech problem . 
  sound man sound man, 
  happy birthday finland !, 
  ireland turned 100 in 2016 , welcome to the club . 
  happy new year from ireland !, 
  i do n't dislike the british , in fact i like the british , but in my experience they tend to have an arrogant attitude towards their 800 year reign over the irish - a rein which included genocide , theft of land and natural resources and a destruction of a culture . 
  unfortunately with brexit it would just be a union within a union :( - union ^ 2, 
  your experience with a shannon stopover was incredible to read . 
  the americans have and always will be our greatest allies . 
  oh i have no doubt that we have lots to thank the united kingdom for , if it was n't for the invasion we would n't be speaking english , and our cities would n't be so developed but there is no illusion that the reason the island is divided is because of that very same invasion . 
  do n't get me wrong , the british are some of our greatest allies and friends , we have a shared history , culture and humour - but it pains each and every irish person to be called british , we are not . 
  we are a sovereign country , with a proud people and a stronger economy per capita than the uk . 
  the north is now an economic burden on the united kingdom , an economic burden that is of no use to the mainland british people and a problem that would prove costly to solve for the southern irish , if the northern irish decided to join us . 
  the north has been broken by years of a troubled past . 
  and it was a united entity before we were invaded by the british . 
  it was only after we fought for our independence , and drove the british out of ireland that it became not united you moron . 
  you must clearly be british because your arrogance is seeping through the screen , have fun with brexit with you sad sad imperialist , 
  it appears i am indeed incorrect . 
  the republic act disputes the fact that ireland is a me , her of the british isles , however the un recognises ireland as an island in the british isles . 
  an interesting political and geographical controversy - the state of ireland denies its geographic membership , but it is globally recognised . 
  perhaps you 're right , wrong location . 
  nice to hear !, 
  you can dispute that all you like , but , under the treaties between the united kingdom and the republic of ireland , the official name for the republic of ireland is ` ireland ' , the irish state only recognises ` ireland ' as the official name , and , subsequently so too does the united kingdom , however the name ` republic of ireland ' is only to be used when distinguishing between the north of the island , and the south of the island . 
  please get your facts right before you make any claims based on conjecture . 
  how on earth ? 
  haha, 
  it 's irish pronounced ` fee-na fuh-oil ', 
  ireland is an independent european country ? 
  what fucking secession are you talking about ? 
  scotland is n't its own country you do realise the republic of ireland is not the uk, 
  james joyce was the first man to write it - the most famous irish writer of all time, 
  ireland was not settled from britain . 
  the celts were irish , scottish & cornwall . 
  picts were england & wales . 
  learning your history your ignorant moron . 
  scotland was first settled by irish celts http://archive.archaeology.org/0107/abstracts/scotland.html, 
  scotland was settled by the irish at d\u00e1l riata but no , us current irish do n't really give a huge fuck about the scots . 
  they 're just other europeans . 
  same relationship as we have with the english we have with the scots . 
  the british army murdered innocent people on bloody sunday . 
  a fucking * national army * not a terrorist group murdering innocent people is no fucking trivial matter . 
  you imperialist bastard and show some respect, 
  tiocfaidh \u00e1r l\u00e1 is an irish saying that was _ used _ by the ira , as it was _ used _ by the irish people . 
  it is * not * a republic saying . 
  it means * that one day we will get the part of our country back that was illegally invaded and annexed from us , by the british empire of days gone past *, 
  oh great someone gave another idiot imperialist a keyboard, 
  lol britain has a slim chance of surviving without eu italy is fucked in the eu and supersuperwonderfully fucked outside the eu, 
  that 's grossly incorrect conjecture . 
  up until last year the two main political parties [ fine fail , fine gael ] did n't even have plans for a united ireland . 
  it has never really been on the political compass as it was seen as unlikely until brexit . 
  considering that the two main political parties in ireland ; f\u00edne f\u00e1il and f\u00edne gael did n't have a plan for irish reunification until 2016/2017 this point is complete conjecture .
