  while i personally believe abortion should be legal , i can also recognise that there is a philosophical debate to it not just an religious one . 
  what timeframe would you say ? 
  ireland was a united country before foreign invasion by the british , in fact it was a united country until the british kept the 6 counties . 
  additionally , here 's a pretty little fact for you - dublin was the second city of the british empire for over 600 years , not edinburgh , not manchester , not liverpool , not birmingham - but dublin . 
  i actually live in ireland , so i 'm not speculating when i say that there is currently no religious involvement in the government or the electorate . 
  how is your economy per capita ? 
  ah , it 's similar to ours 40 years ago when we were n't the third richest country in europe . 
  lol they americans helped them too and sure look how they treat them, 
  you * told * me to * remove * my post . 
  which i intended to do , you did n't * just inform me * of the rules . 
  my opinion of what is kind is my opinion . 
  unless you want to editorialise that ? 
  correct procedure was to report it to a mod , not to take it into your own hands - for someone who is stringent on the rules , maybe you should take a little more care . 
  removed, 
  thank you for your kind words , 
  sent you a message !, 
  thanks @ u/saltysolomon, 
  the irish famine was genocide by the british regime . 
  i 'm not even going to comment on your vile remark you ignorant troll . 
  http://www.irishcentral.com/news/proving-the-irish-famine-was-genocide-by-the-british-tim-pat-coogan-moves-famine-history-unto-a-new-plane-181984471-238161151 http://www.irishhistorylinks.net/history_links/irishfaminegenocide.html, 
  what a strange view . 
  okay , point made and recognised , where do we go from here , as i have just noticed that i ca n't edit the title - do you a ) suggest i remove the post b ) leave it be , but refer to rules next time, 
  filthy rebel here ah reminiscing on the good old days, 
  i summarised my impression of article for an international demographic - as i felt the title was specific to irish readers of this irish-focused paper , should that be against the rules as you have informed i am happy to cease and desist . 
  i did not editorialise , nor intend to editorialise title : see link from src for reference : http://www.independent.ie/business/brexit/brussels-has-irelands-back-in-brexit-challenge-35497901.html, 
  i did not editorialise , nor intend to editorialise title : see link for reference : http://www.independent.ie/business/brexit/brussels-has-irelands-back-in-brexit-challenge-35497901.html should you insist that it is , i 'm happy to edit if possible - i had in no way intended for it to sound editorialised , my apologies if it did . 
  funny thing is we already are - look up shannon airport us airforce, 
  europe is stronk, 
  it is - and brexit will be the catalyst for reunification . 
  i would place the chances of the north reunifying with the republic within the next 15 years at 85 % possibility . 
  unionist means they want to stay with the uk nationalist means they want to reunify with ireland what we 're seeing from this is a clear 50/50 reunification / unionism, 
  have to agree here , as an irish person i 'm going to say it 's to do with dup being pricks then anything else, 
  irish independence was the catalyst for the fall of the british empire , brexit will be the catalyst for the fall of the united kingdom . 
  our political parties have no stance on religion whatsoever , the church has no involvements in the politics of our country . 
  do not make statements you can not backup . 
  catholicism is pretty much non-existent in modern generations in ireland - hence us legalising gay marriage three years ago . 
  idiot, 
  i know lots of well informed irish-americans , you get the best of both worlds i suppose, 
  we have one here already in ireland , like most neutral counties . 
  the military council of ireland is purely for defence & resistance . 
  did somebody say anschluss ?!?!? 
  sounds like ireland 20 years ago - we 're a lot more progressive now when it comes to religion - we do n't really care . 
  lol . 
  thanks, 
  we are officially neutral . 
  neutrality has nothing to do with the constitution - our aneutrality is based on our tri-lock mechanism to war - the people vote , the government votes , the un votes - that 's what officialise our neutrality . 
  it stems from the fact that we have never chosen a side in a war , always remained neutral . 
  lol not only are you a troll , you 're an uninformed troll . 
  go back to dreamland where britannia is n't a narcissistic sinking ship . 
  do n't forget who shot the hole in your pretty ship, 
  nothing like an anschluss on a saturday morning !, 
  if you just want to trade then join efta . 
  the eu is about a union , a little bit more than just trade . 
  there are 40million irish in america my dear friend . 
  the irish vote is the second largest vote in the us , and the irish lobbyist group is the largest lobbyist group in the us government - i 'm afraid that was not the case for georgia . 
  regardless , the british army is dwindling , and was much more powerful when we beat it the first time . 
  perhaps paris/versailles/munich / barcelona ? 
  versailles has much military significance in europe , and the french have nukes but only work 35 hour weeks . 
  have to agree, 
  very interesting . 
  i have been noticing there are lots of similarities between ireland and portugal , same catholic background - but barely existent religion in modern day culture , bustling tech sector , pro-euro , people love to party etc, 
  neutrality !, 
  not only did they fail , they failed tremendously - irelands war of independece was the catalyst for the fall of the british empire . 
  they brought hundreds of thousands of men into dublin , gunships and artillery flooded the city - we had no artillery , less men and no gunships and we beat them dramatically using guerilla warfare . 
  we fought the might of the british empire and wo n't the battle through gorilla warfare with less men and less equipment - i would n't be so sure . 
  britannia lost to the irish on their own grounds , and they 'd lose again if it came to it . 
  the irish war against the british was the catalyst for a development of whole new military strategy - from gorilla warfare to military intelligence , ireland was far more strategic in its movements . 
  no guarantees there , we want the north back, 
  that is entirely true - and i do agree, 
  how big is portuguese military ? 
  - i assume a bit larger than ireland right , just not neutral ? 
  most neutral eu member states are in favour of an eu wide defensive strategy , however this poll is for an eu military hq which would also include offensive a so that 's why there 's little support . 
  hello , you already had one of those remember us in the good old days, 
  ireland , austria , sweden and finland will still cooperate on defence - just not offends . 
  i am aware that the department of defence in ireland is in favour of an eu wide defence front , possibly similar in other neutral member states . 
  it 's in the bottom left corner, 
  actually ireland has had its fair share of unicorns - look at intercom , movidius , baltimore technologies , the list goes on . 
  interestingly enough , both spotify and soundcloud were invested in by irish vc companies - how do ya like that one malmo , 
  twitter , google , facebook , square , snapchat , intercom , oracle , kingston , adobe , symantec , accenture , hp , ibm , redhat , vce , microsoft , fireeye , salesforce , zynga , trendmicro , ebay all have their eu hq 's in dublin , notably dublin is home to both googles and adobe 's largest offices outside of the us . 
  ( ireland is also home to apples largest office outside the us ) . 
  sweden is way up there as one of the main destinations in europe - but dublin has more companies and more startups . 
  ( and faster internet speeds ), 
  dublin has more tech companies in the greater-dublin city area than any other european city . 
  i 'd just like to note that ireland is at 0 % by default because of our neutrality , however the department of defence in ireland is in favour of a defence front for the entire eu and the navy is actively involved in refugee salvage missions . 
  neutral means that we do n't hold an offensive , but if we 're invaded we still defend ourselves . 
  we won the war the last time and we 'll win it again if we have to . 
  get a look at this troll go back to sucking ussr . 
  yes , complete sarcasm . 
  even if people wanted a reunified ireland the process could take 10 + years . 
  it is sarcasm haha, 
  do n't mind donegal , give us back the north !, 
  the last man that called irish englishmen almost certainly died in a bombing, 
  i 'm not going to comment on ireland, 
  if sinn fein are elected i would expect to see a reuinified ireland within the next 3 years . 
  first of all : - a defence union would be funded using eu money , contributed by ireland and all the other member states - second of all ireland is neutral , so we do n't participate in any military offensive military operations apart from peacekeeping - but this does n't mean that we do n't contribute to the defence of the eu as a whole - thirdly , irish troops have a long history of assisting on eu peacekeeping operations - ireland is directly involved in the defence of the eu as a protector of its borders , where as denmark has no direct involvement in the euro your argument is moot . 
  not really true , those brits get pesky sometimes - we beat them the last time though , if it comes to it we 'll whoop them again . 
  could do what ireland does and be neutral with a teeny tiny army and sworn us military protection  - less stress , more success, 
  did somebody say anschluss ? 
  driving on left side of road fuck yeah !!, 
  oh wait thats just silly ireland and uk shit,
