oh really clever - just downvote my post because you know it 's right and do n't have the integrity to admit you were incorrect . 
  i can say here in ireland , and from speaking to mates in the u.k. , the sense of european identity seems to be a lot stronger in ireland then it is in the u.k. 
  i ca n't explain why - maybe it 's the way the schools teach about the eu or something , but generally irish people are far more proud to be part of the eu then the u.k. are to be . 
  at least the u.k. has a physical connection to the continent [ eurotunnel ] , ireland is completely separated from the continent . 
  attached to that interest rate was a clause that forced ireland not to burn the bond holders - bondholders which included the national bank of germany , france , poland & holland . 
  in fairness , at the time , many of us citizens thought the state was being craven in the face of the eu but it is now clear that trichet 's ecb was prepared to let the irish banks go to the wall , prompting a new bank run in 2010 . 
  this is like a hostage situation . 
  the ecb was saying to the irish government : you managed in september 2008 to prevent a bank run with the guarantee ( which should always have been temporary and conditional ) but now we are going to threaten you with another bank run -- because we are still funding your banks and you must pay all the bondholders and add the cost to the national debt of the country . 
  so the implicit threat was : `` we will close the banks , cause a bank run and you will be left to pick up the pieces politically , socially and economically . '' this , it is now clear , was also the backdrop to the present government 's first few months in office . 
  this is where the court of auditors report gets very interesting , because it is pointing the finger at the eu commission -- the civil service of the eu -- for going with the bullyboy tactics of the ecb . 
  the ecb was overstepping its mandate in terms of driving the austerity agenda and threatening a country through the convalescent banking system . 
  so it was n't so much that a bomb `` would go off '' in dublin but that a bomb would be set off in dublin and the bomber would be the governor of the ecb . 
  as the eu institutions begin to worry about the long-term impact of the crisis on the overall project , each agency is involved in a battle for self-preservation . 
  this is the opening salvo of an internal battle deep within the eu where , as always , the institutions seek to preserve their own prestige and power , while the citizens are left to pick up the tab . 
  that is my point exactly - there was no below market interest rate offered , the interest rate was equivalent to market value . 
  ireland paid with a state rate of 3 % inerest on loan from eu , this is ** substantially higher than the rate of greece/portugal , denmark and is equivalent if not higher than market value ** the efsm lent ireland $ 22.5 billion as part of a troika-led financial assistance programme dating to late 2010 . 
  the 3 per cent interest cost is a fixed rate based on the efsm 's cost of funds . 
  the uk is charging 2.6 per cent on the $ 3.9 billion it provided to ireland in bilateral funds . 
  again , this is a fixed rate based on the uk 's cost of funding . 
  the european financial stability facility is charging 2.21 per cent on the $ 18.4 billion it is owed , while the interest rate on sweden 's $ 600 million in bilateral loans is charged at 1.08 per cent . 
  the $ 400 million in danish funding is charged at 1.07 per cent , while the $ 10.3 billion that remains of the imf 's loan to ireland carries an interest rate of 2.79 per cent . 
  german-based economist andrew watt said that ireland is paying around 3.5 % interest on its loans , which is considerably more than the 2.5 % greece is paying . 
  ** the eu 's money to ireland was a loan , because repayments of capital and repayments of interest above market value are being made ** regardless of all that , ireland is the fastest growing market of the eu and has been for the last 5 years . 
  irelands economy * is * the strongest in the eu , per capita , and ireland recovered from recesssion faster than any other affected country on the planet . 
  the term bailout stipulates that only capital repayments are to be made , however in ireland 's case both interest and capital repayments are being made , at high rates , much higher than that of greece or portugal might i add - the technical term for ireland 's case is a loan / state debenture . 
  also , irelands economy has been the fasted growing in europe for the last 5 years , exponentially larger per capita than holland - so the loaners stand to profit very much from this . 
  the term bailout stipulates that only capital repayments are to be made , however in ireland 's case both interest and capital repayments are being made , at high rates , much higher than that of greece or portugal might i add - the technical term for ireland 's case is a loan / state debenture . 
  some crap about ireland not being a real country because in his delirious dreams of a great nationalist britannia could never have lost the battle to an independent ireland . 
  perhaps england could pay ireland reparations back for the genocide & illegal invasion . 
  you lost the war , your country is falling apart , shove that up your nationalist hole . 
  do n't make me whoop yo dumb nationalist ass, 
  you left out ireland ?? 
  30 % of the population of australia is of pastoral irish ancestry irish people were among the first settlers of australia i , as we all , dearly miss steve irwins presence on the tv . 
  1/8 of its opv 's ireland does n't have a navy for defence purposes - the navy is merely for coast guard & humanitarian service . 
  in the event of any unlikely attack , ireland relies mostly on the usa - through being one of few with sworn us military protection , european defence agency & the uk . 
  england does have nuclear submarines - in fairness to them . 
  and while they may have their differences , ireland & uk generally side with each other , which would bring ireland , an eu member state into the mix as well . 
  they do n't - they is here a huge percentage of irish nationalists living in northern ireland . 
  ireland being a neutral country , quite naturally is n't involved in any wars . 
  however , it does contribute heavily to un peacekeeping , far more per capita than any other eu state . 
  i would n't call that * not a lot going on * . 
  but in terms of offensive , no , the last offensive the irish state was involved in was against united kingdom - ireland made a decision as a people to be a broker of peace , not war , and that decision has stood for the last 100 years . 
  however - in the pursuance of neutrality and defense-only , the naval service 's military roles and the functions it carries out are those of a coast guard rather than that of a conventional navy . 
  lacking both anti-submarine and anti-aircraft capabilities , and without standoff weapons such as surface-to-surface missiles , the naval service 's ability to control ireland 's territorial waters and provide close naval support is extremely limited.sea lift is also limited and ad hoc.the naval service 's non-military capabilities in aid to the civil power and other government departments is fishery protection , search and rescue , drugs interdiction and dive support . 
  your comment is based on you calling ` rebellion against illegal british occupation ' terrorism . 
  you are basically blaming the irish for staging a ` coup ' every 100 years . 
  the reason for those ` coups ' was to regain independence and sovereignty against an illegal british invasion & occupation . 
  ireland is * not * a country of emigration anymore , the balance lies in immigration outweighing emigration . 
  that statistic is direct third generation descendant . 
  this is n't just ` one relative ' as you say , it is an official american census statistic . 
  the irish fought british presents in america , but no accounts of acts of terrorism . 
  there were two irish batallions in the american war for independence . 
  in varietate concordia , m\u00f3j brat, 
  this comment is plagued with error and downright ignorance . 
  i 'm not even going to give it the courtesy of a response . 
  * no blacks , no dogs , no irish * was a common sign outside most british shops/pubs in new york at the time . 
  most of the hate stemmed from british cultural angst . 
  the hate towards the irish dissipated as americas ties to britain dissipated . 
  two irish batallions fought in the american civil war , and since 1800 's the irish demographic has been the third largest demographic of people in america . 
  americans of irish descent account for approx 35,000,000 people . 
  when the relationship between ireland & the uk grew better in the 1940s so too did the ties between irish americans & ireland , this is when most irish-american institutions were formed and indeed when the irish-american chamber of commerce ( one of the largest chambers of commerce in the us ) was formed . 
  marking the beginning of a new and prosperous relationship between the irish , the americans & the british . 
  what a dumb fucking point ? 
  - it obviously makes sense that the largest airline in the worlds biggest base is in one of the worlds busiest commuter cities . 
  regardless - there are no british aerospace compnies that can claim world titles . 
  while satire - the idea of scotland unifying with another country for the short term is n't exactly new ; people on reddit were obsessed with a * celtic union * being formed between ireland & scotland a while ago - there 's even a sub r/celticunion, 
  maybe so , maybe so . 
  this is a very old study that predates the hugely influential case of brexit . 
  the rte\u0301 poll from 2011 showed 42 % in favour of reuinification in northern ireland . 
  belfast telegraph poll [ although less reputable ] from late 2016 showed 68 % support for a united ireland . 
  the majority of irish nationalists has been increasing steadily for the last 30 years , while the population of protestant unionists has been slowly decreasing . 
  you do n't have to be a psychic to infer from that statistic that people in favour of reunification are on a course to outpopulate the people that do n't . 
  with brexit as such has formed a catalyst . 
  irish reuinification was always seen as a certainty - the only problem being the timescale was never sure . 
  the majority of the anger here is towards british far-nationalists who make it their life 's goal to deny the existence of an independent ireland . 
  they do not represent the population of britain . 
  british-irish relations are very good . 
  london gatwick traffic is 83 % external , not domestic - meaning yes , these are not uk people they are europeans who will easily move to another ryanair hub . 
  as for stanstead , the majority of ryanair flights are to and from europe , from europeans , not u.k. citizens . 
  london will cease to exist as a european hub after brexit . 
  there is ** no ** ill sentiment in ireland , and amongst irish people towards the u.k. . we joke sometimes about the uk , and of course condemn their atrocities , but in modern days we get on tremendously with most british people , and share many cultural ties . 
  as long as you 'll give us a hand with the brits - they get feisty sometimes . 
  you can have leitrim , it 's not really a * real * county , we just invented it to claim more eu funding . 
  this is the first year ever that there is no unionist majority in stormont . 
  irish nationalists are slowly but surely winning out . 
  reunification is more or less a certainty within 10 + years . 
  irexit is the most laughable thing ever , there was a national poll done in 2016 on irexit and support was less than  4 % . 
  ireland is one of the most pro-eu countries per eurostar . 
  ah hungary , always hungry for more . 
  ireland was called hibernian by the romans . 
  considering that the two main political parties in ireland ; f\u00edne f\u00e1il and f\u00edne gael did n't have a plan for irish reunification until 2016/2017 this point is complete conjecture . 
  irish reunification has never really been an irish government objective [ from 1940 onwards ] as it was never seen as that likely up until recently . 
  the state claim over northern ireland was a claim based on the fact that the land was quite literally irish sovereign land obtained through illegal invasion and plantation by britain . 
  the irish support of german reunification , was quite literally out of hope and support for the german state - it was not a selfish interest . 
  bear in mind , the eu did not exist back then - it was only an economic union , so would not have had as much political influence . 
  irish airline - regardless . 
  wo n't be anymore with brexit , they 'll move to europe , like every big company in london . 
  there is a catholic irish nationalist majority in northern ireland if you are n't aware . 
  and so are unionists . 
  either way they are terrorists - so do n't go blaming this on any state , both states condemn them .
