  it took krak\u00f3w 37 years to tow away all cars ? 
  only a matter of time till northern ireland reunifies with us . 
  good britain, 
  we 'll take wales , they 'll fit right into our celtic union , i mean they 'll fit nicely beside our celtic union , i mean they 'll be nicely marginalised where they belong in our celtic union . 
  citizens assembly review underway , referendum pending . 
  as a whole , ireland is more progressive than the british electorate . 
  if you want to point on specific issues than i might point you too the uk 's draconian surveillance laws & laws against whistleblowing ( ` if deemed to be * against * the state ' ) . 
  whereas ireland upholds strict civil liberties , data protection laws . 
  le pen seems to be in favour of irish governemnt . 
  love my uk mates , but some of you need to realise old britannias empire is long dead and buried in the grave , with queen vic and travellyan . 
  oh god , i 'll get this one . 
  firstly , ireland is not part of the british isles in any political or economical sense . 
  ( it is arguable that we are geographically part of the british isles ) secondly , if anyone claims so , they 're likely to have the shit beaten out of them . 
  thirdly , if any claimed so on a political stage , they would likely face extreme terroist threats . 
  portugal is such a beautiful country . 
  portugal is such a beautiful country . 
  all the more fun when we 're sun bathing on the ` eu cliff ' watching them jump off , 
  it says that this is the first step to a more progressive drugs policy , it 's not explicitly mentioned but the minister has talked about decriminalisation many a time and a bill has through two stages of government calling for decriminalisation and subsequent legalisation . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by this . 
  ireland is a far more progressive country than the u.k. . we legalised gay marriage and medicinal cannabis before the uk , what makes you think you 'll fully legalise cannabis before us ? 
  relations with ireland are n't going so well . 
  considering ireland has a large proportion of polish immigrants we were expecting otherwise . 
  disappointing , but it just looks like polish government is more for disagreement than agreement . 
  this is need for disagreement is what creates the west/east divide - ireland upholds excellent relations with all the other western countries , but does n't get one well with eastern ones , except for romania and croatia, 
  recently had a meeting with the irish prime minister , she basically disagreed with ireland on everything . 
  i do n't have much respect for her . 
  donald tusk was a much better leader for poland . 
  there is both r/de and r/germany and r/schland, 
  bertie ahern would shed a tear at those statistics , celtic alien . 
  include ireland you 're not short anymore . 
  why do you think ireland just legalised weed ? 
  you take our foreign companies from us , we take your weed from you !, 
  r/ireland is banging !, 
  happy to have you , please bring some women and ginger thins , 
  well we are * greenest * country in the world , 
  the amount of northern irish accents in that irish leaving cert exam is so inflated its off the wall, 
  we 've got the bed made already , you just need to get rid of arlene and you 're on the way !, 
   when are you going to reunify with us ? 
  there 's not enough people from donegal to satisfy the need for northern accents in ireland . 
  the good friday agreement - enforced by the un . 
  northern ireland is probably the best example for that, 
  http://m.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/over-50000-take-part-in-our-united-ireland-border-poll-heres-how-they-voted-34900542.html http://www.thejournal.ie/poll-united-ireland-2843089-jun2016/ just two examples - also polls held by : irish times , the telegraph , cso , eurostat showed majority it also interesting to note that the belfast telegraph , a consistently pro-uk unionist publication had 50,000 votes on the matter with 69.8 % majority in favour of a united ireland . 
  the fact that you 're arguing this and you do n't even know the ins-and-outs of the good friday agreement is so so ignorant . 
  no it 's not , current border polls in northern ireland and ireland show a significant majority towards reunifying . 
  it 's not ` just an assumption ' . 
  the good friday agreement is a un backed treaty - if they uk violates it they will face sanctions from the un . 
  not only that but violating an internationally recognised gilt-edge treaty after exiting the european union would put the uk in an exceedingly weak position . 
  no to mention the fact that the goodfriday agreement is backed by the european union and us government on top of the un , and ireland has the sworn military protection of the us army . 
  i have no qualms against the modern brit - we get on great , but the uk committed itself to the good friday agreement and whether you like that or not you are going to follow it . 
  i agree with you . 
  the gdp per capita of ireland is also the highest in europe - that 's a metric that takes into account the size of the economy and ireland still comes out on top . 
  you signed the good friday agreement . 
  if the uk were to violate an internationally recognised un treaty they would be sanctioned by the un , and would face further sanctioning from the usa , & the european union both witnesses to the treaty . 
  violating the good friday agreement would not only destroy u.k.-irish relations it would place the u.k. 
  in a very dangerous place on a global scale . 
  the uk would essentially be going against the un , its members , the european union & the us government . 
  scotland was initially settled by the irish . 
  the genetic makeup of scotland is of 72.324 % irish/viking/celt ancestry . 
  northern ireland is most likely to leave the u.k. and reunify with ireland . 
  not really . 
  per border polls an ireland/northern ireland referendum on reunification is imminent and it 's only a matter of time before scotland leaves . 
  wales does n't have autonomy , it is a principality of england . 
  and you 'd still be subsidising it for quite some time even if they reunified with us !, 
  you can thank the good friday agreement and bruteheaded imperialism for that one !, 
  they would be required to pay reparations . 
  irish-british relations are quite excellent so i would see that uk would indeed assist in the reintegration , we will be the only european country to have a common travel area ( irish and british an still travel to each others countries without visas , this has been in place since before eu ) with the uk regardless of ni ascension . 
  oh it 's a huge bill , and a bill i 'm not sure mainland u.k. people are happy with paying . 
  as i understand , the good friday agreement would stipulate that the uk would have to pay integration and reparations should we reunify , so monetarily it does n't pass directly to us . 
  the uk caused the bloody mess , so only right they 'd have to pay for it . 
  the fastest growing economy in the eu five years strong , 
  you can be sure irish people know this  no doubt there will be troubles again , but i would expect that the uk government would have to pay some sort of reparations . 
  the irish army is indeed very capable of dealing with any dissident terrorist activity . 
  ireland had the irish punt for years after leaving commonwealth . 
  not a bad policy for scotland to develop own currency . 
  scotland is n't regarded as a separate country per the eu . 
  it 's like northern ireland - there 's no basis for it existing independent of the uk within the eu . 
  i would also assume that northern ireland will reunify with us , especially if scotland leaves . 
  it 'll probably work out for the best , maybe england & wales will be better off on their own . 
  the end of the uk as we know it is nigh , but i do n't think it 'll harm them too much . 
  i have crossed this  beautiful bridge , love portugal . 
  i do n't like the use of the term ` incompatible culture ' , if i phrase this from my point of view : ireland is a country on the extreme western side of europe , with a historically extreme catholic background ( not anymore , thank god ) , and stronger ties to the usa then most of europe . 
  first of all , how ignorant are you , india has a very large muslim population , and you can not make sweeping generalisations about all people of a country . 
  the last time a group in europe revolted against a religion ( jews & nazis ) we called it disgusting and irrational - it is no different now . 
  we are all humans . 
  i do not agree with classing people by ` religion ' or ` culture ' , if we europeans were n't willing to accept different cultures then there would be no eu . 
  can i ask why ? 
  i just see this as blatant racism . 
  humans are humans no matter what colour race or plight we 're all the same . 
  can i ask why ? 
  i just see this as blatant racism . 
  humans are humans no matter what colour race or plight we 're all the same . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i have no words, 
  are you wearing a * kiss me i 'm ~ ~ drunk ~ ~ irish * t-shirt tho ? 
  can confirm , hawaiian big here in ireland . 
  can confirm , hawaiian big here in ireland . 
  comes as no surprise though - we 're a pretty heavily americanised market . 
  have you seen the students union polls of university & college students across the country , majority are in favour of repeal . 
  i would personally bet $ 50 if this went to referendum it would be repealed with deciding vote of greater than  55 % of the electorate . 
  you 've got it easy - we have to deal with green beer , ` irish nachos ' and ` st patty ' every fucking st patrick 's day,
