  this chart is ` per capita ' but bear in mind , the eu supports a lot of economically developing countries ( such as many eastern european countries where gdp pc is substantially lower than western europe ) * the eu is the worlds largest economy as a whole * _ although growth is projected to be slow , the eu remains the largest economy in the world with a gdp per head of $ 25 000 for its 500 million consumers . 
  the eu is the world 's largest trading block . 
  the eu is the world 's largest trader of manufactured goods and services . 
  the eu is the top trading partner for 80 countries . _, 
  that 's a ridiculous argument . 
  what you 're taking about is a homogenized market - meaning germany has the same tax and fdi laws as say poland - a homogenized market would destroy the smaller economies and basically turn all of europe into ` one country ' . 
  there is no economic precedent for what you are speaking about , no example of it ever succeeding ( you might allude to the former soviet union - but even they had separate tax laws for separate states ) you 're either completely ignorant of global economic theory / macroeconomics or on laboratory grade hallucinogens . 
  of course , germany is a moderator of the eu subreddit dienst ist dienst und schnaps ist schnaps . 
  why ? 
  we are a free market - if we sanction countries for having lower corporate tax rates than we become one homogenized market , basically one single country - even the usa has different tax rates for states . 
  the reality is , if the eu sanctions ireland for having a 12 % corporate tax rate ( higher tax rate than both luxembourg and the netherlands ) ireland will leave . 
  companies do n't just come to ireland for the 10 % lower tax - we are also the only english speaking country that is committed to the eu . 
  we have one of the most educated workforces in the eu , and we have the strongest bilateral relations with the us of any other country in the western world . 
  why ? 
  we are a free market - if we sanction countries for having lower corporate tax rates than we become one homogenized market , basically one single country - even the usa has different tax rates for states . 
  the reality is , if the eu sanctions ireland for having a 12 % corporate tax rate ( higher tax rate than both luxembourg and the netherlands ) ireland will leave . 
  companies do n't just come to ireland for the 10 % lower tax - we are also the only english speaking country that is committed to the eu . 
  we have one of the most educated workforces in the eu , and we have the strongest bilateral relations with the us of any other country in the western world . 
  i personally may be biased on this but despise eamonn . 
  eamonn devalera took a lot of credit for something he had nothing to do with . 
  michael collins was one of the greatest leaders this country ever had , and , was primarily the driving force behind the success of the rebellion - the thorn in britains side that eventually made them see reality . 
  i can not phrase how much i disgust eamonn devaleras actions and leadership . 
  the us 's closest ally is not the uk . 
  both politically and economically , when one mentions military it 's only slightly but not by any huge regard . 
  in ireland , lidl is about twice as expensive as it is in deutschland . 
  we same to have extortionately high food prices . 
  the 1916 rising was the first major revolt against british rule in ireland since the united irishmen rebellion of 1798 . 
  though some see it as an unmandated , bloody act by unrepresentative secret conspirators , for many it was the founding act of a democratic irish state . 
  though the rebels surrendered and 16 of their leaders were executed , the 1916 rising had a huge effect . 
  it became the first stage in a war of independence that resulted in the creation of the irish free state in 1922 and , ultimately , the formal declaration of an irish republic in 1949 . 
  is sicily not part of italy ? 
  not really the same thing , ireland is n't part of the us or the uk . 
  oh shit , saw all the sweden game show posts and assumed , very beautiful . 
  water looks so warm ? 
  i thought sweden was freezing, 
  watch who you 're calling leprechauns , we have chinese friends now . 
  only a short flight away via any uk international airport . 
  definitely worth the visit if you want to see what life _ after _ uk is like, 
  it is not based on relying on others - irelands military is built for defence , it is not large enough to be of any use in offence but it is one of the most well trained armies in the world . 
  our ranger ( special forces ) snipers are the best in the world ( and have been between first and second with the us navy seals for the last 10 years ) - http://www.irishcentral.com/news/ireland-has-the-best-snipers-in-the-world-better-than-the-us-video, 
  and yet it was the irish who only 30 years ago landed a mortar on 10 downing street - ` the most _ secure _ building in the uk ' england fell to its knees against the irish resistance movement 100 years ago and i do n't have any illusion that we could do it again , if provoked . 
  i have no qualms against the english , but your arrogance will be your downfall - britannia is n't the empire it was 200 years ago - your military is small on a global scale , your economy is failing and your union is beginning to crack . 
  it wo n't be long till scotland leaves and northern ireland reunifies with us . 
  you 're on your own now , 50million brits out shadowed by 500million europeans and 300million americans . 
  _ even your airspace and waters are patrolled and guarded by the uk '' _ - no they most certainly are not , you may be referring to northern ireland which is a british territory . 
  our borders are patrolled by our own . 
  and you my friend , seem to be forgetting , that ireland is one of the only countries in the world with sworn military protection from the united states government , and even old arrogant britannia does n't stand a chance against that . 
  so shove your arrogance up your hole you imperialist bastard and enjoy how brexit fucks your economy while we prosper as a part of powerful europe . 
  that sounds like unilateral and bilateral aid , that is not war . 
  neutral countries can contribute to aid , notably , ireland has led some of the main peacekeeping operations of the un ( see the movie : ` siege at jaddotville ' ) if your theoretical situation were to involve a war than ireland would not involve itself - for ireland to enter into war we have a tri-lock system : 1 ) the people vote on the matter 2 ) the government votes on the matter 3 ) the un gives clearance on the matter essentially binding us to our neutrality, 
  it 's not only that - i 'm not sure i agree with the grouping together of the counties , in defence terms , as ` one eu ' while i agree that we need to stand for each other , for a country like ireland , which has the sworn protection of the us army this could muddle things up a bit - we 're not really in danger of being attacked by anyone , and already have the protection of a much larger military in case of war . 
  an eu wide defence strategy could undermine this , which would essentially mean we 'd be trading the protection of a military superpower for something untested . 
  i 'm all for protecting the eu , and its borders - irish un troops are renowned for their peacekeeping work , and i am under no illusion would do everything they could to defend continental europe in a theoretical war . 
  from an irish person i 'm not sure i agree with this . 
  we 're neutral , we 've always been neutral . 
  if europe is attacked we all give our all to defend it , but , i do not want our neutral homeland to be involved in any unprovoked wars . 
  if this goes ahead there needs to be recognition of the neutral counties like ireland , spain , portugal , sweden , andorra . 
  not much - but there are a good few slovenians in ireland and they are very nice people  always very pleasant, 
  i hate to see jersey being marginalised , for me , as an irish person looking in it looks like jersey & the dependencies are treated as an ` afterthought ' , i honestly did n't realise how little the uk recognises dependency influence - even speaking about jersey pounds not being accepted is ridiculous . 
  i do n't know , maybe it 's just me personally with the whole irish cultural thing of ` escaping the brits ' but if i were a citizen of the crown dependencies i 'd be doing all i can to protest for a fair say - or negotiating some sort of economic union with other states - i.e eu via ireland etc. 
  thanks for your insight - always great to hear opinions from the horses mouth , i do love jersey and have been many a time on holiday !, 
  beautiful island . 
  not necessarily , contrary to popular belief , most multinational profits are not repatriated anymore - they tend to sit in ireland , so the people do benefit ( by way of tax & amp ; a employment ) but not to a huge amount, 
  i 'm amazed at how far ireland has come since the bailout . 
  that 's very interesting , had no idea estonias population was at a standstill . 
  for comparison , here in ireland ( pop : 4.6 m approx ) population increased +35,160, 
  helvetica looks appealing to all !, 
  but no , i think the ubiquity of the packaging will lessen the attraction as a whole . 
  hopefully , anyway . 
  white label packaging is currently being discussed to be introduced in ireland . 
  just white boxes with the brand in black helvetica type , no branding . 
  can ireland join ? 
  you , my good sir , get an upvote . 
  where in the name of chrisssht is that bud ? 
  could someone catch me up please  what is this flag and significance of it ? 
  ah , that 's awful - i thought crown dependencies were much more involved with mainland u.k. . as an irish person i 've always been able to travel visa free to jersey , i had always thought that was because of eu , but i assume that 's just because of the ire-uk common travel area now . 
  interestingly enough , i once tried to pay with jersey pounds in london heathrow and they would n't accept them - what are crown dependency / uk relationships like ? 
  would you rather be part of eu ? 
  quick question actually - did jersey residents get a vote in brexit ? 
  and if so how did it go ? 
  they try to claim irish people too , despite the fact we fought for our independence over 100 years ago . 
  irish whiskey is much better, 
  cadbury is currently made in ireland , and poland . 
  haha - the irony being the factory in the u.k. 
  produces minute amounts , so they 'll have to pay customs taxes to import from europe . 
  yes but the very fact that the eu 's progress can be hindered by , as you say , ` just someone trying to get attention ' is a pretty big problem in itself , is it not ? 
  permanently or on your holiers ? 
   you 're welcome either way , we love the scottish - only lads that share the same craic . 
  very beautiful, 
  interesting , it did manage to hinder and slow down eu decision making though . 
  you still have us , you bastards common travel agreement my ass if the eu does n't block it, 
  well , i can honestly say irexit is n't even on the cards here, 
  only race of people on earth who can drink as hard as the irish . 
  respect , comrade . 
  ireland is n't actually a huge tax haven , considering no companies profits are held here for long portion of time , most profits are repatriated back or to a golden tax haven like luxembourg or cayman islands . 
  corp tax rate in ireland is 14 % , this is no where near haven standards . 
  additionally , considering the cayman islands and british virgin islands , jersey , britain is the largest tax haven in the world . 
  great britain and the crown dependencies is the greatest tax haven in the world - considering it includes the british virgin islands . 
  it proposes a common travel area with ireland apparently , so i do n't know how that 's going to work if they leave the customs union . 
  what about that state in belgium ?
