  deutschland is stronkkkk, 
  this is absolutely ridiculous argument . 
  most developed european economies rely on services , not the secondary or tertiary sector . 
  look at ireland , the furthest country away from the continent and it has one of the highest gdp 's ( per capita ) . 
  geo-location to trade does n't make any difference . 
  these people are actual descendants of ireland ? 
  they are living breathing examples of the irish diaspora - one of the largest diasporas in western europe . 
  they may not be irish residents , but they sure as hell are of irish blood . 
  it 's ridiculous that it does n't go straight to referendum . 
  there should be a clause or something that says if a public petition reaches signatures from 15 % of the electorate then it automatically goes straight to referendum . 
  better get booking me holliers, 
  yeah it was pretty horrendous , it 's easy to say that the general public did n't know what was going on at the time , but the reality is they did , but they did n't really care all that much because it did n't affect the mainland brits . 
  there has and is still a lot of hate towards the british here ( it 's important to remember that the scottish were just as heavily involved ( i do n't know about the welsh ) , we ca n't blame the english all the time ) while we get on in modern times o obviously anyone that anything to do with it is dead , most irish people still empathise with the plights of a past ireland . 
  jfk was both catholic and irish  since kennedy ( who was assassinated on november 22 , 1963 ) every president apart from gerald ford & amp ; donald trump has claimed some sort of irish ancestry , and before kennedy , approximately 62 % of previous presidents claimed irish ancestry . 
  irish-americans are a pretty huge ethnic group and have been instrumental in driving good us-irish ties - ireland is the only country in the world with sworn us military protection , and one of 6 allowed to protect the us border ( tsa preclearance ) . 
  yeah it 's incredible the changes to the population of the years , but we are still only 3/4 of a country  - there 's still 2 million people in northern ireland who may at a later date reunify , which is looking increasingly likely with brexit . 
  i 've heard that history taught in english schools does n't teach much about ireland , i 'm sure it 's a touchy and dark area of british history but it really should be taught , if at all just to give the british some insight as to where the irish are coming from . 
  as for irish-scots-welsh relationships , i think we get on best with the english , we have whiskey in common with scots ( they stole it from us ) , and well , the welsh are ahm ... very english . 
  lots of romanian friends here in ireland , you 'd feel right at home  bring some \u021auic\u0103 !, 
  the marriage equality referendum ? 
  the marriage referendum was driven by the younger vote , i think that gay marriage was a much more sensitive issue for the older generation that abortion , but i could be wrong . 
  relationship is better than ever , now . 
  brexit will test that , having ireland on the opposite side of the negotiating table will be a different side of the story for uk . 
  uk was one of our strongest allies in the eu , and we fought each others corners on many occasions . 
  i do hope the common travel area helps us regain some link though . 
  maybe northern ireland will turn out to be something more promising than it is now - the bridge that keeps us from splitting . 
  well , the famine is a touchy subject for most here . 
  it 's classified as a genocide on part british government here in ireland , as , per two examples : 1 ) the british stationed more soldiers in ireland during the famine just to guard food exports than they had in the entire subcontinent of india 2 ) there was more food exported by the british during the famine from ireland than was required to feed the entire british commonwealth , not alone alto say ireland . 
  bad parts of that history aside , conversely to your irish immigration during famine , there also a huge amount of irish settlers who were initially sent to colonise america , but indeed about 1 million emigrated to america during the famine , and most found poor working conditions , but as the saying goes - the irish built america - most took jobs as manual labourers and builders . 
  this is why you see such a huge irish population in the larger cities where development was huge , new york , boston , etc. 
  for comparison population wise : the 1801 census revealed that the population of england , scotland & wales totalled 10.5 million . 
  in the 1800 census , the population of ireland was estimated around 6 million . 
  so we were n't hugely different population wise , and dublin was the second city of the british empire , second economically and population wise only to london - it was also the navy strongpoint . 
  the british are n't solely responsible for colonising america ( although played a huge part ) , the french , the spanish & the dutch did too , only about half of what usa is today was under crown colony . 
  if you delve into it even further it was a mixture of anglo-saxon , anglo-irish protestants and irish catholics that colonised early america . 
  even today in the most recent census around 10.5 % of the population of america is of irish descent , while about 5-6 % is of english/scotch/welsh decent . 
  then again it is important to remember that around the time of the colonisation of america it was n't just gb , it was _ the united kingdom of great britain and ireland _ and yes irish , uk relationship is incredibly close unless it comes to the football or rugby except maybe where northern ireland is concerned . 
  god only knows . 
  the public is infuriated while the government delays and delays , if only we had a referendum it would be passed with flying colours - the government are holding out on an investigation committee . 
  that 's what i always say, 
  i thought it was settled by the french as well ? 
  and we 'll i would n't go blaming america for wanting to escape the clutches of the british monarchy , they would n't be alone - us irish , and indians are leading that ship too uk < -  irish relationship is strikingly close as well is the point i 'm making . 
  i.e. ), 
  common travel area , etc. 
  just learned this post is slightly out of date - the bill has been past and the governemnt health report came back positive in january - ireland will have legal medicinal cannabis june 2017 , and will have decriminalised recreational cannabis at a later date . 
  fuck , those beaches look amazing . 
  i think croatia needs another irish pub, 
  fuck , those beaches look amazing . 
  i think croatia needs another irish pub, 
  to be honest it actually does n't make a huge difference . 
  the commonwealth is more of a formality than anything else , ireland left the commonwealth in the 1940s ( after a wrongly poised economic war with the uk ) and our relations are much better outside of the commonwealth than in . 
  why ? 
  it seems so pointless . 
  side note : i 'm irish , possibly biased , and we take our republicanism seriously, 
  you are correct in that people who want change usually shout louder , but these polls were in fact random samples . 
  of all the british monarchs i have the most respect for queen elizabeth the second . 
  first monarch to visit ireland since our independence , and she did it with dignity and even spoke a c\u00fapla focail of irish . 
  high tech manufacturing & development . 
  software , pharma , medtech etc. 
  i 'd like to see some recognition for neutral european countries in these studies - they seem to group us all together . 
  ireland , austria , sweden , andorra are all neutral . 
  similar situation in ireland . 
  ireland is the home of europes largest alumina refinery - lots of bauxite coming in here all the way from australia , west africa etc. 
  rusal aughinish alumina is the largest alumina refinery in europe . 
  majority ireland speaks mother-tongue english  ( only connemara & deep kerry gaeltacht speak irish ), 
  agreed . 
  there has always been some sort of special relationship with ireland & uk , i do n't think much will get in the way of that & the very existence of northern ireland will reenforce that . 
  you make an excellent point , and its something i admittedly do myself - we seem to just lob all blame on the english , when in fact it was the scottish too . 
  i think it 's a cultural thing , in that none of our textbooks even look at scottish involvement . 
  it 's also interesting to note that up until our independence , dublin was the second city of the british empire , not edinburgh & not glasgow - dublin . 
  while several statues associated with the british empire were targeted by militant republicans in the first few decades of independence , it was the state which began looking at ways to remove victoria from her position in front of the parliament . 
  in august 1929 the irish times reported that discussions were under way to remove the statue `` on the basis that its continued presence there is repugnant to national feeling , and that , from an artistic point of view , it disfigures the architectural beauty of the parliamentary buildings '' . 
  in the d\u00e1il however in 1930 , the government line was that `` the statue in question is not regarded as a valuable or attractive work of art ; nevertheless , it is not thought that its effect on popular taste is so debasing as to necessitate the expenditure of public funds on its removal '' in february 1933 , some members of fianna f\u00e1il made it to the pages of the national media when they outlined their belief that they considered having such a statue outside the d\u00e1il `` inconsistent with the main objects of fianna f\u00e1il that this relic of imperialism should still disgrace the precincts of our parliamentary institution . '' in july 1948 , work finally begun on removing victoria from leinster lawn . 
  fantastic - congratulations from ireland  felicit\u0103ri din irlanda !, 
  i think this is the first conflict i have seen rationally solved on reddit . 
  have a good day sir . 
  quite frankly there is no way of them successfully ` brexiting ' unscathed . 
  they 're either going to kick up trouble in the north , or cause trouble here down south . 
  northern ireland is n't really an are that would be wise to ignore . 
  it is a very fragile situation , my sympathies are with the citizens of the north . 
  it symbolised the last evidence of british rule being removed from the house of irish government - there is nothing of its kind . 
  oh really , i had never looked at it that way . 
  in that case the uk gov is going to get quite the surprise when may has to face opposite enda on the eu table . 
  interestingly enough on that note the brexit whitepaper released by the uk government this week excludes irish people from being classified as ` eu citizens ' basically attributing irish the same visa-free travel rights as british citizens within the uk & crown dependencies . 
  i do n't see how that will play out , but quite frankly if the cta is discontinued then that will cause a horrendous amount of trouble in northern ireland which i do n't think the british gov needs on their hands right now . 
  it was landmark point in the development of the nascent government of an independent ireland . 
  ireland being one of the earlier members [ 1973 ] of the 28 state european union . 
  charles bukowski , one of my favourite authors of all time , while regarded mostly as an american author ( born in deutschland ) was very fond of [ his german heritage !, 
  ] ( https://www.poemhunter.com/poem/german/ ), 
  i was so surprised , as i think we all were to hear about the brexit results . 
  it kind of shone a lot on a ` rag-media controlled demographic ' that everyone had forgotten about in the uk . 
  i , as i think most irish people had presumed that the country was more progressive , as a whole , than i suppose they actually were . 
  under the cta at least you 're free to still remain part of the eu by applying for an irish passport - i hate to see the uk leave europe , but its not a fully closed door  i hope the uk gets something out of brexit , maybe it 'll slap some of the nationalists in the face with some realism . 
  i think that was to do with the common travel area more than anything , but i do agree wholly with you . 
  british imperialists everywhere . 
  god i really hope brexit slaps them in the face with reality . 
  i mean i love the british , but some of them just really are living back in the 1800s when britannia ruled the world . 
  hahaha, 
  i understand your plight and i respect your courage in speaking the truth . 
  the truth is never beautiful and thats why some people prefer to stay in the dark .
