  having low corporate tax does not make ireland a tax haven . 
  12/28 eu member states have lower corporate tax then ireland - so why do n't companies settle there ? 
  ireland does n't tax on profits that are repatriated back to the us , as it is not our place to do so - neither does netherlands , austria , belgium and countless others . 
  the reasons for ireland 's success in attracting fdi are : - english speaking workforce ( suits american companies ) - highly educated workforce ( majority having third level qualifications ) - youngest population in europe - pro-eu stance ( unlike our neighbors ) - only eu country with sworn us protection - us border security is operated in ireland - no other eu country has this & the irish governments coordinates directly with lots of us governments agencies like the fda - some of fastest internet speeds & best communications networks in europe - the deepest shipping ports in the world [ cork ] - 12.2 % corporate tax - not the lowest in europe , but quite low compared to u.k. or germany - world leading expertise in pharmaceuticals - most of the wests [ eu & us ] drugs are manufactured in ireland . 
  the catholic church still has an insidious presence in ireland still - it is rapidly declining but not soon enough . 
  we need to hold a tribunal against the catholic church and file international human rights offenses against the organizations of nuns . 
  1/10 would not bang * * this is actually incredibly fascinating technology that will help us to understand more about the mysterious nature of neohuman history in europe and beyond . 
  this sheds a bad light on china - but in fact china has been very supportive of the european union as a whole , they even contributed to these fraud investigations . 
  the fault here lies with the u.k. 
  us mercantilist policies are destined to fail - the reality is that the us needs the far more self-sufficient eu market of 500million people then the eu needs the us . 
  yes , bilateral eu-us trade is highly important - but the eu-powerhouse is not going to lose this theoretical battle . 
  austerity is horrible but it works . 
  ireland went through an intense period of austerity , and was the fastest eu country to recover from recession . 
  yeah we fucked up , but we paid and are still paying for our mess . 
  gdp of 0.8 trillion dollars is actually very poor for an economy of 16.8 million people , especially a western economy that is claiming to be an eu-powerhouse . 
  it is most certainly poor if you 're comparing it to the likes of an eu powerhouse like germany/austria/france / belgium if you consider ireland has a gdp of 0.32 trillion dollars ( just under half of nl gdp based on 16m people ) with 4.6 m people . 
  an economy * almost 50 % * the size of the netherlands , with * only 1/4 * of the population . 
  in what case is netherlands a net contributor state ? 
  - netherlands benefits heavily from eu membership , far more so than the eu proportionally benefits from nl . 
  except for the legal ganja , obviously, 
  very true . 
  we need to capitalise on all the misery we can get . 
  we 're well on our way to legalising cannabis too, 
  you are correct - i meant travellyan - have updated, 
  actually it 's not - black pudding is of irish creation ( so you ripped us off on that one ) , the irish breakfast also includes white pudding ( which you do n't have ) . 
  interesting !, 
  ireland is about 60 % renewable , but we 're on our way to 90 %, 
  now all we have to do is overtake luxembourg and we 'll be richest country in eu, 
  ireland is ** not ** a tax haven . 
  at least you 're not greece , 
  this graph is incorrect - same sex marriage is not legal in northern ireland , only legal in the republic . 
  in that case the bloody sunday killings were a huge atrocity too - happened in the 1980s, 
  irish breakfast steak & guiness pie whiskey chicken fillet roll breakfast roll shepherds pie ( this is actually an irish creation ) colcannon bacon & cabbage spiced beef seafood dishes etc etc lots of european influenes , moreno than the uk as ireland 's sea ports were the main trading ports of the british empire for 700 years . 
  we irish drink whiskey, 
  it was a deliberate malicious extermination of people - by travellyan orders . 
  never shy over on r/ireland, 
  hey , this is why i love r/europe its where we all come to fling shit at the brits just joking , we 're friends now, 
  how could they not include the irish famine , a genocide , in this list ? 
  no - they sell irish & european food , there is a portuguese stall too !, 
  do i qualify for lithuanian citizenship ? 
  we actually do have a huge amount of wind farms around the country . 
  he 's right - irish & european . 
  i think it 's q stupid idea - but ireland is exempt from it . 
  we 're not part of shengen - hence why we have a tsa office in dublin & shannon . 
  i actually do n't see why everyone has a problem with english food on this sub - i 'd say they think it 's all weatherspoons style, 
  so for lithuania you just add + ija to the english right ? 
  americija brazilija indija australijia how am i doing ?? 
  never liked that bridge , for some reason . 
  tradition etc. 
  so sorry - reddit newb , did n't know what / s meant !, 
  you 're probably right - still though . 
  your sausages are the wurst, 
  it 's just a name , as the english were the first people to shop there - the food sold is all irish/european, 
  you wo n't be let down - its a great city with lots of culture , be sure to check out the franciscan well too - it 's one of our oldest pubs & brewerys , equally steeped in history . 
  i 'm a huge fan of fortnum and mason - i know it 's wildly overpriced and technically not a market - but it is a cool place if you like food , 
  what a bullshit argument . 
  here is the dictionary & un definition for ` genocide ' : * genocide \u02c8d\u0292\u025bn\u0259s\u028c\u026ad / noun noun : genocide ; plural noun : genocides the deliberate killing of a large group of people , especially those of a particular nation or ethnic group . 
  i still have to remind myself to come back and look at this post every time i encounter a troll here - that 's for saving my time buddy !, 
  you can see the map of it here : http://www.englishmarket.ie/information/locationlayout/ it 's a few buildings out together , lots of winding alleys with different traders leading off from the main market . 
  i think you 're uninformed of your history - http://www.irishcentral.com/news/proving-the-irish-famine-was-genocide-by-the-british-tim-pat-coogan-moves-famine-history-unto-a-new-plane-181984471-238161151, 
  well , i guess i agree with you there . 
  huh , that 's that then . 
  later man !, 
  that 's the way the world works , the positive gets ignored and the negative gets highlighted . 
  if you 're ever back in ireland , pints on me buddy, 
  note : this is a small photo of the entrance , the market is full of long winding alleys with lots of stores and food sellers so it 's hard to get a good photo of the scale of the whole thing . 
  wales is a principality of england , it has never been regarded as a seperate state . 
  northern ireland on the other hand has been regarded as an retained sub-state of the irish state as a british state under the good friday agreement . 
  you should really know your own history kiddo , especially if you advocating the unity of the uk - you should probably at least know the role of each member . 
  i do n't want the uk to dissolve at all , in fact i want to see it survive , - but i do want northern ireland to reunify with the republic - it was never originally part of the uk . 
  portugal was invaded by spain & amp ; france & the romans numerous times . 
  does n't sound like much resistance to me . 
  if spain invaded in the morning you 'd be eating tapas out of their hands , you are weak , dwindling and poor . 
  ireland on the other hand is rich to the brim , and has the sworn military protection of the united states of america , on top of a highly skilled resistance force - that was trained on the same guerilla tactics that fought and beat the british invasion the first time round . 
  portugal is n't even out of recession yet , laughable . 
  as for travelling , we 'd be happy to give you a loan if you need to pay for all those cheap flights , we know you 're purse strings are tight . 
  you can even have a flight with ryanair - europes largest short-haul airline , did we mention they 're an irish company ? 
  business is bustling here . 
  oh and i 've been to portugal many times , i stay in expensive hotels and i drink your cheap wine and i enjoy your sunshine and give your beggars and hobos a little bit of money , and then i go back home , to a real country , with real political influence , and a real economy . 
  do n't you have a collapsed economy to keep yourself busy with ? 
  or an insignificant culture/people who no one gives a fuck about ? 
  brazil will only absorb you in a few years anyway , you 'll be begging the , for it . 
  after 800 years of genocide , and destruction of a culture i think you could have put a little pen to cheque book . 
  regardless , the uk held over # 636bn pounds in irish government bonds - if you had n't given us that teeny tiny bailout loan it would have damaged your economy a lot more . 
  how and ever , we do get on well nowadays and i have no qualms with any british people - they 're some of our greatest allies , and we do have a lot to thank you for . 
  lol you made me laugh kiddo not just a troll , a mentally deficient one who thinks portugal is relevant . 
  hahahaah , you sure did make me laugh . 
  thanks for sharing this - even i have fallen guilty to using it because of popular use , this made me see things from another perspective . 
  he is right - i 'm irish , we 've had our differences in the past with the brits but there 's no denying many gave their lives to save europes ass , even if it was to keep the war away from britain . 
  i do n't like ignorant morons . 
  if it were n't for pastel de n\u00e3ta , good wine & amp ; sun we probablly would n't have event voted to let the disastrous economy of portugal into the eu in the first place . 
  uk has been a reliable ally for europe in the past - let 's look at history, 
  next step is for the irish famine to be recognised as british genocide . 
  * having visited ireland i think religious influence is strong there * ( you do n't think that 's an opinion ? 
  ? , where are the facts in that sentence ? ), 
  im sorry , are you really that ignorant ?!, 
  what you spend two weeks on holiday in ireland and you 're trying to tell an irish citizen what her political climate is like ? 
  what an ignorant buffoon, 
  abortion has nothing to do with religion - we currently have a public inquiry into the matter and a referendum is pending . 
  there is a huge amount of non-sectarian and non-religious countries in the eu where abortion is not legal .
