  centra box of wedges and a toke ? 
  and soon medical cannabis - we just legalised it , 
  i am no a lawyer m ( 9-1 ), 
  they 've been tapping multiple trans-atlantic european cables for years . 
  but yes , the bastards have been tapping irish < -  us internet cables - but not irish data as far as i know , i 'm also aware that they were mostly shut down . 
  ireland is 100 % anti-surveillance . 
  haha unfortunately not . 
  that homage to the junkie capital of ireland needs to be melted . 
  well we did fight and spill blood for our independence for over 800 years  scotland was handed its independence on a plate w and said no !, 
  i do hope scotland becomes independent soon !, 
  no , internationally the spire is recognised as part of the official height of the building since a groundbreaking new york state case recognised empire state buildings spire in overall height . 
  this made my day , but i have no reddit gold left to give you :(, 
  not built yet and unfortunately it is not if you include the spire . 
  actually ireland was one of the wealthiest countries in western europe during the 90 's and the wealthiest during the early 2000 's and we still are today one of the wealthiest countries in all of europe . 
  however , during the 70 's we were one of the poorest in western europe . 
  i meant ` per capita ' because of the small population of the city , so the population of cork city is around 150,000 people , but these 150,000 people have a mean income and account for a gdp per person of about $ 62,000 which is much higher than most european cities , including london . 
  obviously in total it 's much smaller than london - but on a per person basis the people are much wealthier , on average . 
  ( discounting parametric extremes and outliers in order to analyse whole population dynamic ), 
  my god i thought you were from portugal . 
  i believe the uk is even slightly worse weather than us , at least ireland benefits from the gulf stream . 
  i do feel your pain bro, 
  interestingly enough , both cork and dublin are still some of the wealthiest cities in all of europe - per capita, 
  we actually do have penthouses in cork with subterranean pools . 
  they were huge during the celtic tiger - people forget that cork actually witnessed extreme wealth during the celtic tiger . 
  you actually do if you 're in the aldi below it , mad banter, 
  it 's the 8th wonder of the world - ` where the fuck is it , is that it over there ?? ', 
  there 's also an aldi underground, 
  ` tallest ' not every word my friend , just the bare minimum required to piss you off - german efficiency , irish size . 
  europe is stronkkk, 
  it 's humbling to say the least . 
  how could man build something so godlike . 
  it actually is haha - top right , the photo makes it look very small , but it 's only marginally small  here it is for scale : http://www.wilsonarchitecture.ie/portals/28/easygalleryimages/6/75/037303130083434.jpg, 
  1984 ca n't believe we lost a fellow eurobro to the draconian ways of the british and americans :(, 
  pls send wine and sun though we 've had a sun drought since 1843 , it 's a humanitarian crisis . 
  i know , i was expecting some fire . 
  i 'll put up an irish independence post soon just to see some pissed off brits, 
  what a train ride it has been !, 
  good to see an increase - i think portugal is up and coming , the weather and wine is better anyway, 
  ireland has never made a tax deal since joining the eu . 
  the apple tax deal was made in 1983 . 
  that is the argument of the irish government . 
  i support the tech scene in portugal !, 
  - i chose to compare it because of the similar population and their housing of web summit, 
  no , unfortunately not . 
  ireland is not a tax haven and never has been - we maintain a 12.5 % corporate tax . 
  this is a higher corporation tax than luxembourg , belgium & amp ; liechtenstein . 
  regardless , irish startups do n't receive many tax breaks . 
  there is a tech scene in dublin that is n't easy to create - similar scenes exist in berlin and sweden , barcelona & london - but not to the same concentration . 
  if you are telling yourself that the reason ireland has a huge concentration of ` tech companies ' because of a 12.5 % tax rate , then why do n't andorra , luxembourg , belgium , liechtenstein , bulgaria , cyprus , estonia , hungary have huge tech centres ? 
  ** all the above listed eu countries have lower tax rates than ireland , and have reference to more open-ended tax free incentives ** the reason the irish tech sector is so large is because : - it is primarily indigenous , these are irish startups by irish people - we have one of the best educated workforces in europe ( eurostat ) - english speaking -  this suits american companies - stronger bilateral relations with the usa than any other eu country [ only eu country with sworn us military protection , irish government directly coordinates with us government on certain matters like fda ( as most american pharmaceuticals are made in ireland ) - excellent infrastructure for technology , and some of the fastest internet speeds in europe in our main cities - direct flights to the us with border security done in ireland [ no other eu country has this ] - ireland is one of the most pro-eu countries and so unlikely to leave the union , like the uk . 
  [ eurostat ] -  i 'm not arguing with you , and i can understand where you 're coming from , but in time of such media being blown out of proportion it 's important to look at the facts and see for yourself , 
  where is your basis for this ? 
  we charge a 12.2 % corporate tax, 
  for scale , in 2016 portugal saw only $ 29.2 m in funding compared to irelands $ 888.962 m, 
  no dreams , you voted for it !, 
  not for long though bye bye britannia, 
  just sat here in glorious europe , amazed the economy is booming . 
  it was never specified to be racial , celtic is a reference to the shared culture amongst countries and areas where gaelic traditions are inherent - cornwall , ireland , scotland etc england has never had any respect for foreign cultures in the past - ireland , india , etc. 
  i do n't see why that would be a problem now . 
  what the fuck ? 
  you ` do n't subscribe to it ' but you argue that because you * think * scotland was settled by the ` anglo-saxons ' they 're not celtic ? 
  are you stupid or just confused ? 
  '' problem is that scotland was settled by the anglo-saxons as well . 
  they are n't much more celtic than the english are '' my point is that scotland was settled predominantly by the celtic irish and that fact is still evident today when one looks at the genetic makeup of the current population . 
  [ modern irish emigration to scotland is very low so wo n't effect population dynamic ], 
  the genetic makeup of scottish citizens is of 68.793 % irish decent - that 's an overwhelming majority of celtic . 
  the first settlement was indeed by irish settlers too - so technically scotland was founded by the irish . 
  are you talking about spanish winemaking ?? 
  but what about wallonia ??? 
  have they stopped holding up the entire eu now, 
  celtic union time . 
  ireland will take you in !, 
  did somebody say portuguese anschluss ?? 
  zurich has a backup backup water supply . 
  also switzerland is beautiful . 
  appreciate it bro . 
  hope brexit is n't too hard for you , uk will pull through, 
  liverpool, 
  well , at least you have rugby going for you !, 
  that is until may thinks england are losing to wales too much . 
  that 's so strange . 
  i always believed it was legal . 
  what about csc 's ? 
  i know there are legal social clubs all around the canaries and catalonia , how does that work ? 
  we 've got a plan underway to bring in isle of man and jersey too no wales, 
  polish bread is without a doubt the finest bread in the eu . 
  polish bread is huge in ireland . 
  ca n't forget the polish bread . 
  in ireland because of the sheer amount of polish immigrants we now have polish ` aisles ' in most of the main supermarkets, 
  ireland will take them in , celtic union underway !, 
  i thought one could grow and consume legally in spain ? 
  in canaries anyway ? 
  spain is very progressive on cannabis and is leading the way . 
  i love the cannabis social club model you use and believe it is the way forward . 
  ireland jut legalised for medicinal specific use here , but hopefully we 'll be like spain within 5-8 years . 
  medicinal cannabis was made legal for specific conditions in ireland this week too !, 
  polski sklep on the moon ? 
  did somebody say anschluss ?? 
  name any example of ` britain trying to hand it back ' and i 'll send you a donut, 
  this looks like it could be ireland,
