  the fuck ya langer ya, 
  no passport , no citizenship :( sorry ameribro - you 're welcome to apply for one if you 're a descendant !, 
  can agree . 
  but what is the french for zebra ? 
  good to see some new vcs in europe, 
  it 's entirely unlikely . 
  northern ireland would largely be more in favor of 1 ) staying with england 2 ) reunifying with ireland 3 ) scottish union does n't even come into it, 
  you can thank british genocide, 
  if my mother was a horse she 'd be a zebra, 
  ireland is stronkkkkk, 
  looks like ireland is safe, 
  actually my therapist and i are working through my fragile ego, 
  i hate to be that guy ... but did somebody say anschluss ??!?? 
  [ congrats estonia  ], 
  ireland tends to have much better weather than scotland and wales . 
  however areas like cornwall etc have at superior weather . 
  england was conquered by both the normans and the romans . 
  most definitely not . 
  with all respect to modern british citizens ( who are not responsibility at all for acts of their ancestors might i stress ) , the former british empire committed horrid acts ; inspired genocides [ irish famine ] and plundered and destroyed cultures . 
  blood sausage - black pudding is actually originally irish . 
  but yes , the british lads popularized it . 
  the only statistic i can find to back that up is a 2 year old study by a * uk financial services lobby group * called city . 
  however , wb stats quote us as largest and hk banking quotes hk as largest , so no definitive answer . 
  and yes - financial services are completely transferable . 
  ireland has fewer restrictions on fintech & finservices than the u.k. , yes our infrastructure for them is far less developed but that has n't stopped hsbc or barclays moving here . 
  irish financial regulation laws are almost 1:1 to u.k. financial regulation lawson most areas and are slightly more comfortable in the more stringent areas . 
  similarly , frankfurt has itself geared up to be the next financial capital of the world . 
  indeed , in europe anyway ( ny & amp ; hk i believe come before london on a global scale ) however financial services are n't location-sensitive , could just as easily relocate to frankfurt , dublin or paris . 
  - as we have quite recently seen with barclays establishing a new post-brexit eu hq in dublin . 
  advice taken - still acclimatizing to the troll levels of reddit . 
  apologies mate . 
  scotland owes its existence to ireland , the scottish that attempted colonization were of direct celtic irish descent . 
  was not aware of civil partnership policy length - kudos on that , now on to marriage !, 
  you only recently pardoned people for being criminally prosecuted for homoesexuality . 
  if the u.k. was any way progressive in lgbt rights that would have been done years ago . 
  aaaaaand here 's one of your working class nationalist idiots now , please take him back before we have to show him what irish nationalism looks like . 
  you bastards reigned over us for 800 years we now get on very well we can certainly thank you for us speaking english ( thank fuck ) but not for the genocide and the invasion similar culture to ireland - great craic good fun etc etc large working class , huge class divide make shit whiskey excellent economic policy slightly more conservative than rest of europe - re drugs policy and gay rights great bunch of lads all the same - when you 're not talking about nationalism fund a useless monarchy for no reason at all uk politics tends to believe that they are * more * important to europe than europe is to them and that the u.k. is very irreplaceable on a global scale . 
  which is laughable . 
  they do n't make guns, 
  or eu state with lapsed gun laws ? 
  as long as it 's not paris or london i 'm fucking delighted, 
  pints & burgers & chips, 
  irish people do not eat pie, 
  heckler & koch is going to have a juicy party tonight, 
  thank you  i tried . 
  shh guys i think he 's russian . 
  trying to infiltrate glorious europa . 
  i 'm not even going to respond to this ignorant british drool . 
  you 've probably been asleep since 1883 , but i 'm pleased to inform you that the british empire is dead and buried and old britannia has next to no political or economic influence . 
  enjoy brexiting  ), 
  that would be the port . 
  stones were building material and long houses were for storage . 
  haha . 
  romans never invaded ireland , called it ` hibernia ' decided it was too cold and decided to continue on slaughtering the british , needless to say we did n't complain . 
  ah that indeed would have worked . 
  right at the heart of the city - dublin port area to be exact . 
  the river on the lower portion of the map now runs under the city , the city was built on top of the marshy land and rivers - most people do n't know there are tunnels all underneath dublin city . 
  civilisation revolution 3 : europa is stronkkk, 
  you are indeed correct , i was not sure what to call the collective though ? 
  now europe is stronk, 
  that is incorrect . 
  ireland has a significantly higher population of red hair than scotland . 
  10 % in ireland to 6 % in scotland . 
  in ireland , the percentage of population with red hair is estimated to be at around 10 % . 
  [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] according to britain 's dna , 34.7 % of the irish population carry the genes for red hair , although this does n't directly translate proportionally into births of red-haired children . 
  [ 14 ] scotland also has a very high percentage with around 6 % of the population having red hair . 
  [ 10 ] [ 15 ] previously it was estimated that red hair occurrence in scotland was around 13 % , which had been widely reported in reliable media sources . 
  [ 16 ] however , dr. jim wilson of britain 's dna study used a sample of 2,343 people , and found red hair occurrence of 6 % in scotland , with 35 % overall carrying the gene and edinburgh having the highest proportion of gene carriers at 40 % . 
  [ 10 ] [ 15 ] [ 17 ] the largest ever study of hair colour in scotland , which analysed over 500,000 people in 1907 , found the percentage of scots with red hair to be 5.3 % . 
  you 've never heard of the un ? 
  i knew british ignorance was a widespread disease but i did n't know it was that bad . 
  http://www.maryrobinsoncentre.ie/biography.html http://www.military.ie/overseas/organisation/irelands-involvement-with-the-un/ - irish president is the supreme commander of ireland 's permanent mission to the un the un 's most infamous battle - siege at jaddotville was fought by irish soldiers and overseen by the president : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_jadotville both presidents mary robinson & amp ; mary mcaleese received un , and in mary robinsons case , nobel peace awards for their peacekeeping work in northern ireland , solving a mess that the british created . 
  [ an award no british head of state has received , might i add ), 
  interesting history to note that around the ad-1000 ireland had a significantly higher population than england , scotland & wales and dublin was one of the main cities of the greater euro-viking empire due to the position of the port . 
  the viking occupation of dublin is also thought to be directly responsible for the high percentage of red hair in irish people , as well for the similarities between how scandinavians and irish people look . 
  viking tunnels under dublin still exist and house most of our underground cables and infrastructure , and the lake to the bottom of the map now flows under dublin city as it is today . 
  i 'm in no denial about that, 
  i am a simple redditor i see ireland is significantly higher than the uk irish tricolour flags flow down from the skies irish dancers crowd my living room the irish national anthem plays i upvote i drink, 
  he is resemblant of a leprechaun , but the man is also indelibly articulate , a renowned author on neopolitical issues . 
  additionally , the seat of the irish president has been internationally recognised for many years as a seat of global peacekeeping . 
  the former president of ireland , mary robinson , went on to become the united nations high commissioner . 
  for syrian refugees ? 
  i am aware that they are quite heavily used across europe and on un missions . 
  just because we 're a neutral country does n't mean they 're not put to use . 
  they are one of the top special forces in the world, 
  actually dublin port is extremely vulnerable , so anti-terror exercises at sea make sense . 
  they train on an ongoing basis with the us navy seals . 
  they are also the best snipers in the world , a number of years running - & gt ; http://www.irishcentral.com/news/ireland-has-the-best-snipers-in-the-world-better-than-the-us-video, 
  definitely not french eugh only the finest belgian . 
  mother nature : this is the sea , it is uninhabitable for humans netherlands : * takes drag on spliff * ` fuck you ', 
  zna\u0161 to !, 
  brat , 
  like our hands, 
  in german, 
  pain au chocolait in ireland, 
  no , as most american profits are repatriated back they do n't affect the finalised gdp figures . 
  although taxes may be somewhat skewed - gdp is unlikely . 
  the title was indeed sarcasm . 
  in ireland we build out , not up . 
  ireland is home to europes longest building ,
