  you sir , are indeed a shining example that the british people are not all up their own arses , 
  you know what , i 've had to deal with a lot of british-sympathising trolls lately and this post made my day to have someone acknowledge this  while i get on well with english people today it irks me that a large amount simply ignore & even condone and the inhumanities and horrific acts they committed to irish people . 
  who wants to rewrite history ? 
  this is european history . 
  just because you do n't agree with it does n't mean that it does n't belong here . 
  it is european history is it not ? 
  i can see the imperialists seething from here, 
  republic bro \u270c, 
  because it is history . 
  as stated above it want posted here to incite controversy it was posted to highlight a significant event in the cementing of a nascent irish republic . 
  it is european history and it is wholly relevant to this subreddit . 
  your argument is so invalid it 's laughable . 
  you 're basically saying ` let 's remove all references to the nasty parts of history from our textbooks because we would n't want to oftend anyone now would we ', 
  incorrect again , the irish account for 10.5 % of the population of america , while the british ( english , scottish , ni ) only account for 7 % from the 2000s census docs about 33.3 million americans -- 10.5 % of the total population -- reported irish ancestry in the 2013 american community survey conducted by the u.s. census bureau . 
  ireland does not agree with the surveillance of its people , and neither do most european countries who favour civil liberties over draconian control . 
  that is why we are not a member of the five eyes . 
  additionally , we 're not a member of the security council because we are a bloody neutral country , it is thanks to the british we learned that war is neither sweet nor just . 
  you seem to think that just because john maynard keynes was british and founded the world bank that it was britain that did it , that 's a load of shit . 
  you may want to check irish people that brought things to the world - john f kennedy , the submarine was invented by an irishman , the tank , transatlantic telephone calls , not to mention whiskey . 
  not to mention you seem to be forgetting that 80 years ago before we gained our independence dublin was the second city of the british empire , not edinburgh , not manchester , not liverpool - dublin . 
  we maybe mutually exclusive now , but we did work together as one for a long time , much to the bequest of our nationalists - we irish responsibility for a lot of britains success and there is no denying that . 
  god you are such an ignorant british nationalist , it 's fools like you that still believe that old britannia still is an empire - you will soon be reminded with brexit that old britannia is dead in the grave , and your significance is only bloated in your imperialistic minds . 
  ** this post is not here to incite hate , or , controversy , it is purely a historical account of an event that marked a victory from irelands long fight for independence from the british - x post from r/ireland ** in 1922 , 14 years after the statue 's installation , leinster house had become the seat of the irish parliament and nationalistic sentiment disapproved of having a british queen celebrated in such a location . 
  the statue had by now been given the nickname `` the auld bitch '' by irish writer james joyce . 
  in july 1948 , work finally begun on removing victoria from leinster lawn . 
  when in storage , there was an approach made by london , ontario to acquire the statue for re-erection in canada , but the cost of transport was a stumbling block when canadian interest failed to surmount . 
  in the end , the dublin statue would find a home in sydney . 
  in 1986 , the statue departed dublin port in a container vessel bound for australia . 
  following a request from the lord mayor of sydney , a decision was reached to send it on a `` permanent loan '' basis . 
  i 'd love to see it happen - it would connect ireland to mainland europe via the eurotunnel , the last piece of the puzzle . 
  alas , brexit has probably put a spanner in the works unless we can get scotland into the eu , 
  while i agree with your stance on british/american military cooperation , i do not agree with the conjecture that ireland is a ` tax haven ' coming from british person . 
  the british crown dependencies account for most of the worlds tax havens . 
  the british virgin islands , isle of man & jersey are * the * largest tax havens in the world - it is utterly laughable that you would even compare ireland to a tax haven when 83.32 % of the worlds tax free funds are held under the crown territories ( see panama papers leak for this stat ) also , ireland did not ` gurgle ' in the background with regards to the un - our former president , mary robinson , held the position of un high commissioner for a long time , ireland led the un 's most infamous mission [ siege at jaddotville !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_jadotville ) - while ireland did n't join the un at the very beginning , ( because we were neutral in wwii , and have been neutral since ) we have been at the very forefront . 
  sure , britain & america have an incredibly strong military link and a fond history of being even stronger allies , but the geo-political relationship between the americans & the irish is a lot stronger . 
  fundamentally , there are 40 million documented-legal irish 1st through 3rd generation immigrants in america ( it is estimated there is another 5-10 million unclaimed or undocumented ) - that is one of the largest ethnic groups by a substantial amount , these 40 million people are people that sympathise with the irish citizens , and empathise with the country of ireland - this a political pull of 40million voters - it is of no chance that every single president since kennedy ( of direct irish decent ) has claimed irish decent . 
  additionally , ireland is the main entry point for europe for the us , we 're the closest european country to the us geographically , and in terms of foreign direct investment , and in terms of military - us military aircraft have stopped off at shannon since the ascension of the first military aircraft , and post brexit who do you think the americans are going to care more about ? 
  - a european market of 450 ( post brexit ) million people , the second largest economy in the world , & a large number of american allies - ireland , germany , netherlands etc - or a tiny market of 50 million people who they sometimes cooperate with during times of war . 
  not really - us fdi into ireland totalled $ 477 billion , while the uk teetered around $ 350 billion . 
  additionally , ireland is one of the only countries in the world ( one of 6 ) where us preclearance conducted outside of the us , and ireland is the only country in europe to have both sworn military protection from the united states government and an annual meeting with the president of the united states and united states congress . 
  there are 40 million irish diaspora in the us , the ` irish ' diasporas is one of the largest demographics in the us . 
  please build an ireland < -  scotland bridge and call it ` the bridge of craic ' . 
  the uk can fuck off - ireland , as an eu country , has stronger connections with the us than the uk , and is the only country in the world with an annual meeting with us president . 
  jesus , and you think the murder of innocent irish civilians , destruction of a culture and foreign rule was ` ok ' ? 
  this is a retaliation to a horrific 800 years of british rule . 
  i do n't condone acts like this , but in comparison to 800 years of terror from the british government it is a blip . 
  especially the british . 
  there are n't really that many bad sentiments between britain and ireland nowadays . 
  we resent what the british did to us in the past , but for the most part we get on well with the british people now . 
  this being said , it is ridiculous how many british nationalists condone the horrific acts done by their government to the irish people . 
  there are n't really that many bad sentiments between britain and ireland nowadays . 
  we resent what the british did to us in the past , but for the most part we get on well with the british people now . 
  this being said , it is ridiculous how many british nationalists condone the horrific acts done by their government to the irish people . 
  a sign for things to come for brexit , 
  i 'd have to agree . 
  while i , as most irish people , patriotically hold anguish for what the english did to us - we also have a lot to thank you for , namely the fact that we speak english ( thank fuck ) & have amicable infrastructure . 
  i , and most irish people , would be horrendously to be called ` the same ' as the scottish . 
  even though we get on great with the scots ( great craic ) there is an outlook here that the scots were ` the ones that lay down and took it from the english ' and subsequently came over here to ireland and fought against our campaign for independence . 
  we started to break away from 1916 , but was n't officially recognised as an indecent state ( by the uk anyway ) till 1922 . 
  but yeah i know for a fact that a lot of irish fought with the english in wwi . 
  ex-british ww1 soldiers after war would then go to fight irish revolutionaries , they were known as ` the black and tans ' https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_and_tans - did horrific acts to irish people - but we murdered a lot of them too . 
  amazing history . 
  seeems to include ireland anyway ? 
  although back then i do n't think we were commonwealth i think we were ` united kingdom of great britain & amp ; ireland ', 
  go learn english will you , you 'll probably have to move here when your economy collapses . 
  hahahaha if you 're the future of economists for your country you 're not going anywhere . 
  if one picked an earthworm from the soil , removed its brains , and spoke to it about gdp one would have more intellectually conversation with it than one might have with you . 
  yes per capita because the eus main economic metric is gdp per capita , the world banks main metric is ( and the imf ) measured gdp per capital - gdp itself is not a comparable metric if you knew anything about economics you would know that . 
  but i suppose now you 're going to tell me that you know more than the three biggest financial institutions in the world . 
  what 's gdp per capita means , is per person , the irish economy brings in more money than any other european country regardless of size . 
  you have n't even named your country which just makes the thing all that more hilarious . 
  ( by the gdp you listed 2trillion , im guessing your country is italy - and we all know how fucked the italian economy is - $ 35,000 per capita - one of the lowest in the eurozone and for a quick comparison ireland : population 4.8 million gdp : 0.318 trillion italy population : 60 million gdp : 2 trillion so if ireland had a population of 60 million , and the economic growth rates scaled with a standard growth : gdp would be : 4 trillion euros that means , pro rata , the irish economy is at the very least , twice as strong as the italian economy . 
  not possible unless your country is dreamland , which i ca n't remember letting into the eu . 
  ireland currently has the highest gdp per capita in europe ( clv luxembourg ) there you are again with conjecture and no facts, 
  ' a monetary union an not work without a fiscal union ' - the usa does not have a common fiscal union , states decide the taxes - when ireland was part of the uk & amp ; ireland we had different taxes to mainland u.k. - this was a monetary union ` ireland , the only country making a profit from illegal fiscal measures ' ireland has * never * made a profit from illegal fiscal measures , our corporation tax rate is completely legal and our deal with apple is currently under appeal . 
  if you look at the independent polls ; the countries that are against a common fiscal union are : uk ( not anymore ) germany france spain ireland luxembourg sweden denmark italy greece romania croatia i 'm done now anyway - no use arguing with someone as ignorant and uninformed as you . 
  you speak lovingly of a ` common fiscal union ' but yet you know nothing of economic theory or principals . 
  who knows , maybe you 're quite intelligent , but you know nothing of what you speak and have only managed to form blatant conjecture . 
  i ca n't wait to watch whatever shithole state you 're from fall into economic demise . 
  if i were to guess , you 're probably from eastern europe . 
  i do n't even need to say why . 
  are you saying you do n't like that i used the us , japan & germany as examples ? 
  whether it suits your peanut brain or not - those are the three largest capitalist economies in the world , you ca n't change that . 
  and if you 'd like to have a read through this thread - i am in fact the only one quoting facts - you have not quoted one fact . 
  hahaha you 're not even a troll are you , it seems as though you actually * have * a mental inhibition . 
  i pity you , such a sad tale . 
  what others ? 
  the economic construct i speak of is championed by japan , the united states of america , germany , france & the u.k. ( to some extent ) so by calling my ` solution ' idiotic you 're also calling the 5 strongest economies in the world ` idiotic ' . 
  this is just laughable . 
  it 's not difficult to make oneself look ridiculously stupid on reddit , and you just took the gold medal . 
  i was n't going to waste my time trying to place an economic education on an imbecile , but since you asked so kindly - i 've replied to your pitiful excuse for an ignorant in which you speak nothing but conjecture . 
  my solution is for the economic union to maintain a decentralized taxation system - like it does already , and like the united states of america - each state defines its own tax rate . 
  this stimulates competition between states and encourages autonomous economies to incubate within the union , further developing the growth rate of the economy as a whole [ this is not just my ` idea ' but is an economic construct called monetarism that has been championed by the strongest economies in the world for over 100 years ] - competition is the underlying pillar of the capitalist & amp ; monetarist economy ; unless the eu has hopes of becoming a communist or extreme socialist market ( which is entirely unlikely , and not to mention stupid ) than it is in is best interest to stimulate competition by way of states having different ( and sometimes largely contrasting ) tax laws . 
  you may wish to read some of milton friedman and some of the other monetarist economic through leaders opinions on the matter . 
  if you took a moment to notice , you will see that the other poser to whom i replied made the same ignorant point as you . 
  google + vpn + tor, 
  theoretically - but only about 2-4 % of that would go to the government . 
  you 'd better believe it - the u.k. has been tapping irish internet cables for the past 10 years , considering a large amount of european data is stored on irish soil this is not great news . 
  irelands growth rate for 2016 is 4 % - europe has made us better than the u.k.
