  can take out the u.k. 
  flag now unfortunately . 
  that 's because denmark uses the krone , is only fair , why should they have voting rights concerning the euro when they do n't use it - poland & amp ; the uk do n't . 
  involuntary ` did somebody say anschluss ??!? ', 
  reaction, 
  f i n g l a s, 
  maybe - but ireland is far more liberal and progressive than the uk . 
  just in the last two years : we legalised gay marriage , medicinal cannabis & supervised injection centres . 
  all of which the uk has done none of . 
  if we ever reunified we 'd have to find a way to ditch that conservative tripe . 
  we do n't have much bulgarians here , but we do have a large percentage of polish and romanians . 
  all europeans are welcome . 
  what the fuck is wrong with the north ? 
  unfortunately for you my dear nationalist , the eu is the largest economy in the world - and britains number one financial services trading partner . 
  no worries , good luck with brexit , hope london weathers it well . 
  afaik it 's still 100 % illegal in ni, 
  there 's far more dangerous areas in north dublin . 
  i do n't see why this little area is presumed to be so dangerous by many  at least sweden does n't have some of the biggest drug gangs in europe . 
  handweaved on a small island off the coast of ireland - these were traditional style garments . 
  really , is it england they 're not legal in then ? 
  or just ni ? 
  scotland is economically fucked if they leave the u.k. 
  without any guarantees from the eu ( which is very very unlikely to happen - considering scotland wo n't get the unanimous vote needed for ascension ; spain wo n't vote yes because of catalonia , unlikely germany would vote yes and i 'm pretty sure ireland would n't even vote yes to scottish ascension ) whereas ni will be able to reunify with ireland no problem , and still remain in the eu as if nothing ever changes . 
  that 's my basis for argument here . 
  we do n't have this shit in europe . 
  the uk is an outlier and always has been . 
  it 's government is overly conservative and too far-right . 
  most of europe is centre-right or centre-left and progressive . 
  coming from ireland , we 're much more progressive than our neighbours and operate on a centre-left/centre-right government , we run a government much more similarly to the scandinavian countries than we do british countries . 
  the uk is n't really a traditional european government or electorate . 
  additionally , the uk is n't actually a true democracy , because of the house of lords along other things - their lower house of parliament is not elected by the people , and they can also ignore a popular democratic vote if mp 's vote on the matter - government can take precedent . 
  thanks freedom fries , 
  pretty sure ireland has lgbtq + education already . 
  afaik gay marriage is n't even legal in scotland , is it ? 
  ( civil partnerships are , but not marriage ), 
  similar main style parties as ireland . 
  except we do n't have a communist party , and we have more socialist parties . 
  well unfortunately this government is only speaking for 52 % of its citizens . 
  i 'd give it 2-4 years till northern ireland reunifies with the republic . 
  an independent scotland is n't so far off either . 
  irelands independence was the catalyst for the fall of the british empire , brexit will be the catalyst for the fall of the united kingdom . 
  it 's huuuuge, 
  why , no ? 
  they 're a little unstable now , i 'm talking about when they have met eu criteria maybe in 10 years or so - but they are an economic superpower comparable to fill the gap the u.k. is going to leave , not to mention they have one of the largest militaries on the continent of europe . 
  this a civ rev reference ? 
  can agree , you want to verbessern your deutsch ? 
  go to austria, 
  [ swimming in irelands biggest pothole ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6ylstz2dgxc ), 
  no joke : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6ylstz2dgxc, 
  fuck me , i thought serbia was in the eu already ,, 
  irelands roads have had some of the biggest potholes you could even swim in them, 
  what a racist wench . 
  romanians and bulgarians are welcome to come and stay in ireland if you like !, 
  europa unite !, 
  eurovision does !, 
  because it would make political and economic sense to bring turkey into the european union at some point when their government has calmed down and they meet eu standards . 
  especially now the brits are leaving , we need guns , 
  i love scandinavia - probably the most progressive region in europe . 
  bbc polls are always strangely different to ni media - try some of the belfast papers or derry polls . 
  the good friday agreement is an internationally recognized un treaty backed by the united states of america , the eu & amp ; ireland & amp ; uk . 
  to violate the good friday agreement the u.k. would be in direct violation of an agreement with all the other un members , and would theoretically , face strife from the us & amp ; the eu . 
  as much as i agree with what you 've said  croatia did n't have an internationally recognized agreement backed by two of the worlds superpowers . 
  i would n't really expect so , most of these banks ready have offices in luxembourg or british virgin islands / jersey / isle of man / cayman islands if they were worried about tax . 
  ireland is n't really a tax haven . 
  we have n't done any tax deals since joining the eu , apple was made in the 1970s . 
  can agree . 
  most professional germans have good to fluent english . 
  irish people basically have the same rights as citizens of the uk when visiting and working , same for uk citizens when visiting and working in ireland . 
  it existed long before the eu , and it will exist after it because of the treaty of amsterdam . 
  i am surprise something similar did n't exist in scandinavia , no ? 
  no , the good friday agreement of 1998 , stipulates that if by popular democratic vote a call for reunification wins , then northern ireland is to reunify with the republic . 
  that is to say , if the republic agrees to reunification by popular vote . 
  northern ireland , since 1998 , is established on the merit that it can reunify at any time . 
  additionally , as of right now there is heavy support for reunification - the nationalists have outbred the unionists over the last 30 years , on top of the recent dup mishaps and of course brexit this is pushing for a nationalist sentiment . 
  agreed , but there is a number of houses and apartments currently underdevelopment - dublin is expected to have 32 % more accommodation by 2019 ( which is before the u.k. will officially leave the eu ) office space is n't really a problem in dublin right now , with a plethora of office space being available . 
  as for developments , ireland lays claim to apple & googles largest offices outside of the us , in terms of both people & square footage - office developments are n't really an inhibitor here . 
  additionally , dublin caters to londons wealthy a lot more than frankfurt might ( paris obviously has more merit ) - with experience with a historically wealthier bourgeoisie than most european cities . 
  with respect to the availability of , private schools , luxury amenities & amp ; michelin star food . 
  no , but the good friday agreement will apply to the u.k. until such time as ireland reunified . 
  needless to say , the good friday agreement is a internationally recognized un agreement , backed by the us , the eu and of course the u.k. & ireland . 
  additionally , upholding the common travel area with ireland is priority number 4 on teresa mays 10 point brexit plan . 
  treaty of amsterdam , with regards to the irish-uk cta - the eu treaty . 
  a hard border does n't make any difference to the common travel area . 
  irish citizens are still free to travel to the u.k. visa-free , and british citizens are still free to travel to european ireland visa-free . 
  that is the treaty . 
  haha completely forgot england , amended , 
  it is enshrined in the treaty of amsterdam , for it to not exist the entire eu treaty would have to be dismantled . 
  additionally the good friday agreement would be violated - meaning the eu would be in violation of a un backed international agreement . 
  in terms of commitments of london firms setting up hq 's in europe right now dublin seems to be performing better than paris and frankfurt . 
  although i have no doubt frankfurt and paris will fight for their fair share too . 
  dublin seems to be the obvious choice because it is the easiest for employee relocation - common travel area with the u.k. 
  regardless of eu , english speaking , similar culture etc. 
  regardless of opinion - if it seeks reunification by way of popular vote than it automatically goes to a republic of ireland vote , as long as the republic agrees per good friday agreement - westminster does n't really have any say in the matter . 
  germans smoking all that norwegian salmon, 
  not on the original crew - the original crew was a mixture of royal navy from ireland , scotland , england , wales and indeed two dutch . 
  evil fish  jk - they enforce cfp the eu-wide common fisheries policy which prevents non-eu boats from fishing in eu waters without license and also ensures that eu boats obey eu laws in regards to fishing . 
  the le samuell beckett has also been involved in eu refugee missions . 
  whoops did n't get the memo it was only old ships  - ah well , still interesting to show some of the boats protecting eu waters, 
  interesting fact : there were 94 irishmen onboard the original crew of the hms victory - back when it was the united kingdom of great britain & ireland, 
  romans never invaded the island of ireland - it cant be said for us,
