that 's an interesting point really . 
  the ideal situation is that we just work together , and we stop trying to bring each other down , and work towards a common prosperity . 
  yes , you probably feel a bit shitty that we want to leave . 
  you probably feel rejected , and think , `` fine , f ___ you then '' , but if we treat this like a family rather than a relationship , then everything can work out better . 
  we can either work together and both do better , or fight , and both do worse . 
  perhaps it 's the sentiment that we should n't be allowed to leave and still get benefits . 
  i agree with that . 
  benefits should be equal . 
  we 're not idiots , you and i , we know how diplomacy works . 
  each side of the deal has to be equal . 
  somehow i do n't get the feeling that this is going to be the case here . 
  i feel as though anything more than 30:70 deal is going to get denied . 
  that is an interesting viewpoint , but that is not how everyone feels . 
  we do n't feel better than anyone , we just want our own space , and that should n't be unreasonable . 
  i think you have one thing wrong though . 
  we are not being treated like china , bangladesh , or nz . 
  we are being treated with disdain and anger , not the way you treat someone that you want to work with . 
  would the eu treat china , bangladesh , or nz like this ? 
  nope . 
  eu are demanding money before a deal , which is fine you 're allowed to do that if you wish , but we can also say fine , no deal , no money , cya . 
  do n't you think it 's funny that the eu do n't want to give us our share of assets , that our contributions bought ? 
  if we have to we 'll just say fine , it 's quits , and leave , nothing gained nothing lost . 
  how are the eu going to handle losing # 8,000,000,000 a year ? 
  who exactly has said that ? 
  first , you should know , we signed the military agreement with you after brexit so that security is not compromised during the negotiations . 
  that 's us rising above it to say hey , politics aside , let 's keep our friends & allies safe . 
  but , moving on , personally , what i want to see is different than what the thoughts of the uk are reported as being by the media . 
  i want to see the rhetoric stop , a fair and equivalently prosperous deal struck , continued unity in europe , and prosperity for all . 
  i want to be welcomed back to your country after this has settled , and i want to welcome you back to mine . 
  do you think any of that is unfair of me to want ? 
   a question for you : if we 'd need protection so eagerly , would n't it be easier to make presents to trump instead of may ? 
  he recently seems to invest a lot into his military while uk seems to be a bit unreliable right now . 
  what is it exactly that gives you the impression that the `` uk seems to be a bit unreliable right now '' , militarily speaking ? 
  i suppose having troops protecting germany for over 70 years , with over 5000 still stationed there counts for nothing , along with the 150 + personnel and the armour that we have in estonia ? 
  perhaps because we do n't see it , we do n't think it exists , like national security services who we never see yet are always among us . 
  going back to the us question , you could indeed , but trump will ask for payment . 
  the days of free protection are over , and the fact that natos top two contributors ( us $ 66bn , uk $ 6bn ) have a $ 60bn gap is probably the reason why he feels that way . 
  so sure , you could cosy up to the us , but bear in mind that trump is fond of the uk and not so fond of the eu . 
   my guess would that supporting right wing ideologies by breeding xenophobic resentments will help ukip in the next election in 4 years . 
  i 'm not sure what the knowledge of those on the continent is of the actual politics here , but ukip have no chance of winning the next election ( which is in 35 days not 4 years , and then 5 years after that ) . 
  the party has fallen apart since it achieved it 's goal . 
  the conservatives are well ahead , and labour have no chance as their leader is a commie and their shadow cabinet is filled up with second rate mps after all the distinguished ones quit . 
  the only way labour could win is if gisela stuart was their leader , and she 's quit ( sadly ) . 
  i know you may think we _ want _ to be your bouncer , but the sentiment here is that you should fend for yourselves . 
  if you have the balls to backup the banter than you need to prove it and handle putin yourselves . 
  our worry is just that you will all start fighting again , which will drag us back into another conflagration . 
  too many lives were lost in the 20th century for stupid reasons . 
  i do n't want to see that happen again and nobody else does either . 
  believe me , in the uk , we are always extremely cautious of regional disputes turning into another great war , and we all know how quickly the peace of the golden era turned into hell in europe . 
  if it was up to me , i would withdraw all our military , and become fortress britain , but well , that 's just because i feel under appreciated . 
  what is delusional is that the people voting remain are either students , metropolitan employees , already rich pop figures , or people with a vested interest in existing european/uk trade/grants . 
  these people are voting remain to maintain the status quo which works for them , and that 's fine , but the biggest misstep is that in doing so , in doing what they have done all along , they forget the other people in the country to whom the status quo is not helping . 
  above , / u/zee-utterman mentions this :  `` when factories have problems to compete on international markets because they depend on eu component suppliers and all that because of a low pound and tariffs , these people are probably much less willing to suffer '' you will find that sme leaders were more likely to vote for leave than they were for remain . 
  office employees do n't care about fabrication , nor have they probably ever walked through a tool room . 
  rich pop figures do n't give a shit about it . 
  academics who are very smart but also live in their own bubble do n't care about it . 
  it 's the people run the smes who are already struggling who care about it , it 's us who know about how things work , and we did voted leave anyway , because it 's not the end of the world to lose access to the eu market . 
  and as / u/sessile7 says above , we 're willing to take the hit . 
  you know why ? 
  because we do n't have anything more to lose . 
  our businesses are failing all the fucking time . 
  liquidators have never been so busy . 
  debt is at an all time high . 
  county court neck deep in cases because business do n't have the cashflow . 
  it 's a clusterfuck , and the eu has not helped this case . 
  [ insert einstein madness quote here ] sometimes , you can either continue to drown or you can attempt one last ditch attempt to save yourselves . 
  enter stage left brexit . 
  i 'm really sorry you feel a deep disappointment and betrayal , this is not what we want you to feel . 
  the problem is that the media give all the attention to the polarised views of idiots and not to those who are calmer , and more open minded . 
   `` job-stealing foreigners '' this is exactly the sentiment that the papers love to whip up . 
  i hate it . 
  there are _ so _ many people like myself who believe that if you want to work and work hard , then join the side , but if you want to scrounge or be lazy , then f ___ off . 
  i do n't mean f ___ off like leave the country , i mean f ___ off like get real . 
  `` brexit '' , a horrible term if you ask me , was for many of us about having the freedom and the independence that we feel we need to move the country in a direction that we feel we would like . 
  it does n't mean we want to veer off in another direction , we will still be heading in the same direction as you folks , but perhaps not entirely parallel . 
   but suddenly , out of nowhere , you decided that you do not want us for friends anymore . 
  it 's actually the complete opposite of this . 
  it 's a case of saying , we want to withdraw from our economic partnership so that we can implement some policies that we know you wo n't want to join us on , but let 's remain friends and see how we can best work together to help both groups prosper . 
  i mean , put it this way , i 'm just a human . 
  i had no choice in being born where i was . 
  the same goes for you . 
  both of you . 
  now , i wo n't get any pleasure from seeing you struggle , or from any hardship you go through , and i think , you would n't get any from seeing me go through that . 
  i want to be able to sit in a pub and have a beer with you both and say hey , hows the economy going ? 
  ours too !, 
  cheers !, 
  nobody wants to say -10 , yours ? 
  -10 too . 
  who wants that ? 
  i guess also there is a bit of a feeling among many brits that _ we _ were never equal . 
  we 've never felt like the eu truly accepted us . 
  we 've always felt a little bit like its europe & great britain . 
  and i can understand why , we are an island that is separate from the continent , we are stubborn and traditional , and we tend to do what we want a lot of the time . 
  these are not good traits of a subordinate member , sadly . 
  i know that when monnet and co were fighting to establish the european union , though the name at that time was the united states of europe , the united kingdom was never seen to be a part of the internal membership . 
  we wanted to , along with our american friends , offer assistance , financial and political , to help establish the great union , but it was never meant to contain us because churchill knew that we would not be able to assimilate in the right way . 
  at the end of the day , what i want the most , is for the uk & eu leadership to just say , right -- fresh start -- let 's stop taking potshots at each other , what is best for both of us ? 
  sadly , that is not going to happen , and i think we _ all _ deserve to feel a deep disappointment at this . 
  they wont . 
  we will keep voting them in .
