they are supporting pkk terrorists and thats a fact . 
  there are tons of proofs of it . 
  all terrorism supporters around the world should get executed . 
  you must be very very butthurt to open a account named ` butthurtturk ' to reply . 
  hdp is not kurdish party . 
  its pkk party . 
  they support pkk terrorism . 
  they should get executed for supporting terrorism . 
  so many baseless claims you made here . 
  especially syria one . 
  we are fighting vs isis and ypg . 
  both are our enemy . 
  if you meant ypg by groups friendly to eu , thats bullshit . 
  they have very close ties with pkk . 
  they are basicially pkk with different name to protect their propaganda . 
  and we have right to destroy them . 
  it says a group of people . 
  how many 5 ? 
  ataturk born in thessaloniki . 
  he went to bitola for military highschool . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/monastir_military_high_school i didnt know about eleni . 
  but it can be true . 
  no we didnt , show some proof ? 
  turkey-syria border is 911 km long . 
  we are building rocket-resistant conctere blocks 2 meters width x 3 meters height and above blocks there will be fence with blades currently . 
  to 380 km of border and its costing us 250 million tl ( ** 83 million dollars ** ) ( one third completed by 2016 april ) . 
  also we are ditching 365 kilometers ( 135 completed ) . 
  also we are lighting 389 km , building 161 kilometers fences and renewing 145 kilometers of current fence . 
  also there are observation towers per 50 meters . 
  security forces are on duty for 24 hours on border . 
  also we are not allowing sowing high-heighted plant for better sight . 
  also our soldiers are cleaning plants and trees for better sight . 
  also in strategic points we are watching with night vision cameras . 
  source : http://www.haberler.com/suriye-sinirindaki-guvenlik-duvari-tamamlaniyor-8333828-haberi/ we are doing everything we can to prevent it . 
  if you have better ideas tell us . 
  usa cant prevent mexicans from getting through . 
  we did not help isis . 
  oh my bad lol :d, 
  nope . 
  the word is same because arabic word i guess . 
  its 2 different things . 
  they dont have same roots . 
  pakistani people do not have turkish roots and india was not under ottoman rule . 
  its completely different . 
  its just `` muhacir '' word means `` immigrant '' or something similar . 
  `` muhacir '' word transferred to turkish from `` arabic '' which meant `` people who migrate to medina from mecca '' . 
  so just because turkey didnt allowed press to take pictures of operation pkk 's existence is legitimate and justified ? 
  reported . 
  we liberated 1000 square km territory from isis . 
  turkey is not supporting isis . 
  pkk killed like 7000 civilians . 
  we supressed kurdish uprisings in 1920s-1930s so what ? 
  they tried to rebel and they got their reply . 
  that doesnt justify anything . 
  you are also brainwashed enough to believe pkk downed a turkish jet . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhacir balkan turks that returned to anatolia means muhac\u0131r . 
  ottoman empire placed some turks in balkans . 
  there were lots of turks in balkans because of ottoman empire 's policy . 
  ataturk born in thessaloniki ( ottoman empire at that time . ) . 
  but he is turk . 
  people know where their family ancesteries but they see themselves as turk . 
  i wasnt talking about cyprus war . 
  i was talking about turkey-greece war situation and it could be stalemate . 
  about cyprus war with greek support to cyprus our troops for sure would survive until support arrives they are not unprofessional militans , they can survive easily in a position together . 
  atleast for 3 days . 
  turkey was close to cyprus so it would be fast to support them before greece supports cyprus , also our navy and air force could easily block greek supports route , by that time while greek navy was trying to get through we could occupy all of cyprus easily . 
  also i dont know navy and aircraft numbers in those times so i cant really comment i couldnt find anything by searching it on google . 
  you still didnt post any single proof about `` us prevented greece to enter war '' `` wikileaks '' etc. 
  no need to make conspiracy theories . 
  i think greece did right thing . 
  they could n't send help to cyprus that easily . 
  we could easily block support routes with our navy and air force . 
  if they still tried to send troops , they could get defeated at mediterrean sea since our navy and air force would be already there and defending is more easy . 
  also we could easily support our attack on support route since its too close to turkish land . 
  also in first invasion , greek cypriots wasnt expecting that so they started counter-attack late . 
  we held our positions succesfully , thats not a failure . 
  thats a success . 
  we had % 3 of territory . 
  give proof links ? 
  turkey probably got permission of america of course . 
  i said we didnt gave a f about un 's and eu 's opinion , not usa . 
  the guy who wrote the book was just a journalist . 
  with or without ceasefire , there was no way turkish army could fail to invade island . 
  early or late we would put our troops there . 
  also our land is closer to cyprus so it would be faster and easier than greeks . 
  and we wouldnt lose land war in island . 
  we already got % 3 of territory . 
  we can just put more and more troops there later . 
  if there was a possible greek-turkish war , yeah there is sea in middle . 
  it would probably go even in sea ( in that time ) , maybe we wouldnt even try to invade aegan greek islands so ... 
  both countries probably wouldnt gain any land from sea . 
  idk if i had numbers it could be easier to guess . 
  in a full war situation i said there was no way turkey could lose . 
  we would n't lose any land , its nearly impossible i mean . 
  and in land war we could push to thessaloniki maybe . 
  it would be either stalemate or turkey victory . 
  it would be just impossible to turkey to lose . 
  we could easily defend our lands . 
  that conversation turned into nationalist very fast :d, 
  thats nothing but a conspiracy theory .
