i travel with my wife , lucky me . 
  oh , and i made damn sure to be making decent pay in germany in relation to germans , so hopefully i wo n't be needing that fleshlight anytime soon , 
  seeing that i 'm about to move to germany , it seems like i 'll be adding my wurst to europe 's largest sausage party . 
  i 'll be in much weirded situation . 
  soon ( october ) i will leave poland for germany as a contractor , but will pay my taxes and social insurance/health insurance in poland . 
  i will move in with my wife , and we plan on having children . 
  i have absolutely no freaking idea what the situation will be for us then - i want to purchase local healthcare packet anyway ( polish nfz is extremely unreliable even here , so i would n't count on a dime they 'd pay for any healthcare abroad ) , but what will get included ? 
  will i have to pay extra for hospitalization for my wife and child/ren ? 
  so many questions , so little answers ... 
  paprika and hot chicks everywhere . 
  also : tokaj, 
  as far as i know the pikes were long , but hollow inside to make them lighter and more manageable - but this also meant that they broke upon hit and were one-time use . 
  the sabre was holstered until necessary , and only the first row of hussars had their pikes lowered during the charge - they were most necessary when charging at pikemen guarding the musketeers ( but those pikemen had pikes up to some 4 + meters , which were great against usual cavalry , pretty much useless against armored hussar horses ) . 
  the first row , after the charge had been completed was either changed completely , or had their pikes replaced ( i do n't remember exactly , but i 'd guess for the latter , as it had been an honor to be able to lead a hussar charge , and as such - very few of them would give this honor away to anyone else - yeah , we are a proud folk ... ), 
  in unrelated news - ww2 artillery unit aided by a motherfucking bear . 
  that 's right , where is your god now ? 
  it 's my time to shine , as i had once provided a lecture about them in my history lessons in high school . 
  it 's been a while , so i do n't guarantee 100 % accuracy , but you should get the idea on general badassesness . 
  first of all - hussars were not your typical cavalry . 
  they were n't even your typical heavy cavalry , oh no . 
  they carried two main weapons - polish sword ( `` szabla '' ) and a pike , that was some 4,5-6 + meters long . 
  try to imagine holding such long of a stick , yet it was a pike . 
  other thing to remember was that the hussars started their attack usually well out of any useful ranged weapon of the time . 
  they did n't start the charge in their final formation , but rather in a number of very disperse lines , with a lot of space between horses in front ( it usually meant that there was a horse , place for 3 more , and another horse , rinse and repeat ) , with quite a lot of space between lines , too . 
  as the charge begun , the lines started moving ( pikes upwards ) , and they started by simply walking . 
  they covered half the distance to their target in such fashion , and then every other line sped up to form one line with the preceding one - now there 's horse , space , horse , space , etc. 
  and the lines are twice as sparse . 
  the whole formation speeds up and the horses now run , with the feathers and the armors ( which had lots of noise-making loose metal elements ) play together with the rumpus made by the horses - the sound of imminent destruction to anyone who stands in their way . 
  as their goal is nearer and nearer ( approximately 1/5th of the initial distance ) , three things happen : - every other line level with the preceding one , again . 
  now there are absolutely no spaces between the horses , and the husars ride literally knee-to-knee - all of them speed up to full gallop - they now lower ( finally ) their 6-fucking-meters pikes picture that . 
  just try to imagine being in the first line of musketeers that have to face this - you did your very best to shoot one or two of those daemons , but now , as you stand there , there 's a motherfucking spiky wall of steel moving at you with some 50 miles per hour - that 's some 80 kilometers per hour . 
  imagine what being hit by a car with that speed does to a human body . 
  and even if you somehow ( ! ), 
  manage not to remain a mangled heap of meat after the first wave passes over you ( ok , horses may try to jump sometimes ) , there are at least 4 more coming within fractions of a second . 
  do you think they 'd bother trying very hard aiming those pikes ? 
  hell no . 
  and if you try to run , they 'll just slash your back with the swords . 
  and as for what happens after the first charge ? 
  there is no second charge . 
  why waste time ? 
  oh no , the hussars simply find a reasonably empty piece of field ( easy to do when everyone runs the fuck for their lives ) , regroup , replace broken pikes in the first row with good ones from the back , pick their next target , and simply start walking ... all in all , if i remember this well , a unit of 100 hussars starting the charge would usually end it with 1 fatality and 2 major injuries . 
  and battles with 100 hussars were very rare . 
  we 're still source of cheap labour , mostly software developers and other it professionals ... 
  more like usa 's biggest ass-kisser . 
  i 'm seriously dissapointed . 
  i think that you 're overreacting . 
  i took said comment more as a `` i wish we were already ~ 40 years in the future , when none of us has to deal with such limited worldview anymore '' . 
  and by the way - i 'm also a pole , and i 'm really , really angry at the legislators , mainly because majority of them simply did n't take time to familiarize themselves with the law proposal they were discussing . 
  there was no discussion . 
  no facts . 
  it was all just calling each other names , and lamenting that our world will be worse off with gay couples . 
  and this is bullshit , because the projects were not exclusive to discussing gay issues . 
  and even if they were - some pseudoarguments risen were n't even laughable . 
  like for example `` gay people require medical attention more often than heterosexuals , hence - we ca n't be encouraging gay couples , because it will cost the health care system more money '' . 
  or this one : `` gay couples are unproductive elements of society , can not bear children in a natural way , and they only seek to leech cash of society '' . 
  spoken by a 60 year old , female , unmarried and childless representative . 
  very `` productive and childbearing '' of her . 
  it 's almost as if she was n't leeching cash of our society . 
  grrr , it simply makes me totally angry as a whole . 
  wait , what ? 
  i uhm ... may happen to know someone who used to live in b\u0119dzin ... 
  my argument is n't `` they 're not christian so they do n't have same rights as me '' . 
  fuck it , i 'm not christian myself and i personally find all religion stupid . 
  my arguments are : 1 ) they do not share european values , such as democracy , free speech , personal liberties , etc. 
  therefore if we let everyone stay here , they 'll overrun or cultural system and make middle east out of europe . 
  if i wanted to live in the middle east , i 'd move there , but it 's not safe , so i do n't . 
  i 'm not saying `` do n't help anyone '' i 'm saying `` help those who need help , instead of all those who just demand and request '' , because that 's cultural suicide . 
  2 ) i 'm not saying any of the people we see in tv are isis terrorists . 
  i 'm saying is easy easier to hide a terrorist in a mass of hundredths of thousands of people who wo n't undergo any , or very little background checks . 
  if i were leading isis , is he sending hundreds of sleeper agents into europe right now , alongside recruiters , because all these people have demands , and if they wo n't be met , some are bound to be frustrated , and will want to act on it . 
  if not in this generation , then in some other . 
  uhm , ukraine is closer , has at least similar cultural basis ( ie . 
  not completely exotic in comparison to europe ) , and is n't probably trying to smuggle isis combatants / terrorists along the way ? 
  serious question now : how do they send them back ? 
  it seems nearly impossible to organize the journey of so many people across all of europe without * many * of them running away . 
  here , that 's my ftfy mobile version, 
  only ? 
  boy , someone is up for a real bad surprise ... 
  oh , i do n't mean where i work , that 's irrelevant ( it 's medical devices , so yeah , heavily regulated and with surprisingly shitty attitude of the hardware/software producers ) . 
  but banks , energy provider , internet provider , mobile phone provider ... 
  whenever i need to get something done , it 's a torment . 
  the cherry on top had been when i had called the energy provider , and the nice lady told me some informations i wanted . 
  i asked to have them e-mailed to me , since they already had my e-mail and i had agreed to being sent information , and i verbally requested being sent the informations , yet it was impossible , because `` privacy policy '' . 
  fuck that . 
  for every tiny little thing that i need done , at best as soon as possible , it seems that i have to get between one and five letters , with some one-off codes , god knows why . 
  and the codes are timely limited . 
  or when i needed a new company account . 
  my face when i heard , that i will receive a one-time codes list in a paper form , must have been priceless . 
  i told the nice lady , that this can not be , because i 've not seen a paper one-time codes list in any of the 5 polish banks i 'm customer of for the last 15 years , and i do not wish to be reliant on such ancient , and risky solution ( if i am underway , i have to take them with me , they can get destroyed , etc. ) . 
  she assured me that that is no problem , and i can enable a mobile app that will let me generate those codes . 
  great !, 
  to do that i needed only 3 letters , and then it turned out that my phone number which is needed to * download the fucking app * is not applicable . 
  it was ok for me as polish citizen to open an account , but apparently it 's not ok for me to use any modern authentication scheme . 
  or when i actually wanted to open that account . 
  i could n't have done it online , because `` consultation is required '' , even though there are only 3 types of account . 
  fine . 
  i want to set up a meeting - sorry , you can only book a meeting minimum 3 days in advance . 
  fuck that , let me call you . 
  i find a local bank , call them , and miraculously , can not speak with anyone on-site , but am connected with a national infoline , which , get that , questions me about what i want to do , in order to * hand those informations off to a local branch * , which maybe will , and maybe wo n't call me back . 
  it is now month later , and i am finally able to actually log into my account online and do wire transfers from home .
