  in contrast , in poland , when i needed to open company account , it was a matter of going into a branch , waiting 15 minutes in line , sitting there for 40 minutes , providing one one-time code which arrived on my mobile phone , and i could go home and do transfers . 
  or when i wanted to log in to my * private * health insurance operator 's website , just to see what is possible via it . 
  after waiting for the letter ( ~ a week , i almost managed to forget what i wanted from the damned site ) , after i got back from my comfy overtime in the evening , i log in , and what ? 
  `` sorry , our website is available only during business hours '' . 
  this is rich . 
  as a person living in germany for the last 1,5 years , i 've yet to encounter this `` being smart about solving problems '' attitude in any company . 
  seriously , you guys seem to love to overly complicate the simplest things , give any bullshit reason as to why it is so complicated , and at the end , when i ask why on earth is it so damn complex , i * always * hear : `` how would you like to have it different ? 
  it 's impossible ! '' . 
  and when i tell about solutions from either poland or any other country , it 's always `` ooooh , right . 
  this way . 
  i guess you are right and it could be simpler after all '' . 
  are any of them looking for you know , less popular places ? 
  those would be the smart ones ... 
  which is exactly why they wo n't be too woried about too many other laws afterwards . 
  or is the parallel here somehow not applicable ? 
  i mentioned elsewhere , that i want my gut feeling to be wrong . 
  i have good feeling about his wife , though . 
  she seems energetic and driven , and looks as if she puts her attention somewhere , great things may follow . 
  well , most of my friends are reasonably well off , i agree . 
  and i really want to be wrong on this one . 
  i do . 
  i do n't like duda personally , and as a person ( he gives me chills and a shady vibe , with his fake smile glued on his face all the time ) , but it 's actually his ideas that are scary , how they do n't add up , economically . 
  i mean , raise the tax exemption ? 
  great , i 'm all for it , sounds like a win-win-win all around . 
  but how is pushing it immediately into next budget is going to help that budget ? 
  and where exactly will the cuts be ? 
  oh , you want to tax big business ? 
  great , i guess noone will care that big retail will move the tax cost onto customers . 
  and making poland economically less interesting for new big business sounds like a terrific idea . 
  lowering pension age back to old level ? 
  again , win win and win , right ? 
  but does that mean that all those small entrepreneurs trying to make ends meet will now have to pay 1700 for social security instead of already heavy 1200 , regardless of incomes ? 
  ( numbers taken out of ass , btw , it should be about the principle ), 
  well , some of us do remember , as during pis government one of the many points to fear was warrantless arrests in front of the cameras in order to scare people into submission . 
  and some may say that voting for duda does n't mean pis will win in the autumn , but there are also alarmingly many declarations that people take their victory now as the first step , and will try to bring pis back to power . 
  or to draw things differently : i left poland 1,5 years ago and not because i had to , or felt politically forced to . 
  no i had the opportunity ( education , skills and languages ) , and wanted to experience first hand the so called greatness of western countries . 
  see how the people live , day to day , how the companies operate , how the government works , etc. 
  the last months i had been leaning with my wife to start planning getting back - choosing where to , deciding if we want to buy a flat , or a house , or rent altogether , etc. 
  the rough horizon was some 2 years from now . 
  if pis wins in the autumn , in 2 years i will be checking out the political climate and most probably not thinking about getting back . 
  if i do during pis reign , i will most probably stash my savings outside of poland , and do my best to keep a low profile , because i do n't want to give of the vibe that since i 'm doing reasonably well , that means it must be something shady in my doing behind it . 
  it 's it really weird , that i fear for the next few years of my country ? 
  i mean look at it , even if you yourself do n't remember last time pis was in power : how bad must have had it been , for `` we 're not pis '' to become a valid political identity for 8 fucking years ? 
  and now we 're voting those people back to power ? 
  kukiz has no men to sit in the government . 
  tough to answer , from what i 've gathered most of his ( vocalized ) opinions are just whatever people want to hear , without any bit of being precise , and he changes what he 's saying every time he 's being asked . 
  but technically , he 's not really that wrong . 
  bronek should have not been sleeping over the campaign !, 
  sounds about 100 % accurate . 
  fuck that , good that i 'm already abroad , now i can at least harbour new fugitive . 
  europe - brace yourselves , some 80 % of my friends , and people on twitter comment about getting out of country asap . 
  most of it wo n't happen , obviously , but i 'm afraid that if pis ( the opposing party behind andrzej duda ) wins the autumn elections , then the shit will get real . 
  there are very few people who actually are ready for what jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski can have for poland in store ... 
  well , i 'll let you know when i find a way to describe mr kaczy\u0144ski in the same degree of truthfulness in terms that do n't tingle your spider-political correctness senses . 
  had he tried to become prime minister , it president himself - no problem . 
  but he got himself two puppets in highest offices of the land , and he controls everything , yet has no accountability and personal responsibility . 
  he really seems to be wanting to become dictator , and he do n't care for any and all democratic offices that are put in place in order to prevent exactly this kind of situations . 
  i 'm not claiming that the last government was saint ( or any of the past ones , on that matter ) , but they were not trying to dismantle the damn democracy . 
  well , the goal is probably to incentivize producents to come up with products that contain less sugar , so that there is more choices for people who want to eat healthier , but do n't want to be limited to one goddamn food that 's actually not sweetened, 
  no , i 'm asking what makes a human human . 
  opposable thumb ? 
  specific dna ? 
  soul ? 
  general intelligence ? 
  faith in god ? 
  ability to reason and discover and manipulate environment ? 
  self awareness ? 
  self preservation instinct ? 
  on the other hand : if you had 100 various fetuses in various stages of development from various species ( including great apes , and maybe other human - already extinct - species ) how would you tell which ones are human , and even more importantly - which ones are the right kind of human ? 
  ok , what makes a human being ? 
  i 'm really interested in understanding your position . 
  how is this progressive ? 
  `` democratically elected '' bunch of fucks , mind you . 
  still make me ashamed of my heritage, 
  also , jail doctors if there was harm to the fetus due to prenatal examination . 
  and ban contraceptives . 
  and limit in vitro fertilization ( they already canceled funding , so anyone who wants to undergo the procedure must fund it themself , and it costs some 5-8 times average monthly salary for one attempt ) , so that only one egg may be fertilized at a time . 
  this would bring effectiveness of the in vitro fertilization down to at best 4 % . 
  oh , and our bishops compared yesterday 's marches and protests to black masses and death civilization . 
  the favourite comparison is yet still nazi eugenics programmes . 
  wonderful country to stay in , a true museum of the middle ages . 
  heh , beyond madness . 
  he just announced on television that he does not respect anyone who `` dresses funny and walks in protest '' in a matter of life and death like this , while he was holding a picture of the protesters . 
  it `` is offensive to him '' that people protest . 
  ca n't make this shit up . 
  dude , you misspelled `` get shot down '' / s, 
  i think ( have n't been to poland for a while now ) they need prescription , which the doctor can deny on grounds of acting in accordance with his conscience , and if you have the prescription you need to find them in a pharmacy that has it , and where the pharmacist wo n't deny selling them to you based on his conscience . 
  generally : good luck with that . 
  you got fucked last night in a positive ( hopefully ) way , enjoy getting fucked by the stupid law now . 
  correct me if i 'm mistaken . 
  as a pole in germany : polish 4g beats german 4g without competition . 
  i mean , fuck it 's archaic here in de ... 
  is ... is romania poland ? 
  well , at least one person - that is minister of justice , no less - was caught red handed and on video as he had signed the presence list after the vote was over . 
  that means that he may or may have not been there during the vote . 
  but the list should be secured afterwards . 
  there are votes that there were people unauthorized to vote casting the votes , and there is no way of knowing that , because the only camera operating was a cctv with too narrow fov , and not the whole hall was visible during the vote . 
  it 's a mess . 
  no poland yet ?
