here they are , witnessing that 25 % of identification documents being mailed to migrants are forgeries . 
  their attitude ? 
  well , the majority are legitimate . 
  the food is pretty good !, 
  certain states in the us have mandatory inspections . 
  others let you drive any rusty old piece of garbage you want . 
  it sounds like we have some nice places for refugees to go , should we choose to . 
  it might be a tough sell , though . 
  trump is getting a lot of leverage from his anti-immigrant sentiments . 
  it 's coming up on an election year . 
  does obama dare to potentially throw a lot of voters into that clown 's lap ? 
  i did n't see any problem with it , either . 
  i was researching where refugees in the usa might choose to go and was surprised by the statistic involving texas . 
  we 're sort of saying the same things . 
  their status as refugees remains their status for as long as their homeland is a war zone . 
  those who are present in half a dozen eu countries without presenting themselves to the authorities and explaining their illegal entry could be penalized , by the passage you quoted above . 
  did you know that houston , texas hosts one of the largest muslim populations in the usa ? 
  i 've been saying similar things . 
  there 's also a wonderful document called a visa . 
  it lets you fly directly from one country to another instead of taking a potentially deadly boat ride . 
  germany has quite a number of consulates and one embassy in turkey where one can apply for such a miraculous document . 
  unfortunately , the wait for a visa is currently quite long , and the funding for the refugee camps is drying up , so people have decided that marching across europe and getting free room and board until their case is decided is the most rational thing . 
  because , really , it is . 
  the problem with all this is that the wrong behavior is being incentivized . 
  it 's not just some random humanitarian crisis that appeared out of the blue one day . 
  hungary has probably been complaining about it for a long time to ears that would not listen . 
  being a refugee means you are permitted to cross borders until you land in a safe country . 
  your crossing to that safe country can not be illegal . 
  when syrian refugees flee to turkey , jordan , iraq , or lebanon , they are not doing anything illegal . 
  to be a refugee in the european union , you must register at the first country in the eu you land on . 
  this is known as the dublin regulation . 
  `` one of the principal aims of the dublin regulation is to prevent an applicant from submitting applications in multiple member states . 
  another aim is to reduce the number of `` orbiting '' asylum seekers , who are shuttled from member state to member state . 
  the country that the asylum seeker first applies for asylum is responsible for either accepting or rejecting asylum , and the seeker may not restart the process in another jurisdiction . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation the migrants and refugees who want to go to germany have a problem . 
  namely , they land in greece or italy . 
  they are supposed to be processed in greece or italy . 
  they are supposed to be registered and fingerprinted . 
  however , greece and italy are overwhelmed . 
  this has led to a partial suspension of the dublin regulation inside the eu . 
  some countries are enforcing it and some are not . 
  people who want to make their asylum claim directly in germany or sweden now just barge their way across the continent , throwing rocks at border fences and shoving policemen who ask for their passports and so on . 
  it is this behavior that makes them `` illegal '' , in the sense that they are a ) not abiding by the dublin regulation and b ) behaving in ways that would get actual citizens arrested . 
  shame on them if they do . 
  stripping civil and human rights from women under the mantle of `` religion '' or `` tradition '' is wrong . 
  have an upvote . 
  to clarify : i think the suggestion was a locked glove to simulate the loss of a hand . 
  such things also exist for other body parts . 
  i would be interested to see the evidence that shows that the women , who have been treated equally badly , are going around committing crimes of violence , power , and subjugation versus the men . 
  thank you . 
  all immigration talk aside , women who are raped do not deserve to have their rapists `` tolerated '' and `` understood '' . 
  well , you know . 
  it 's just brown men raping brown women . 
  if it was a brown man raping a white woman , it would be different . 
  i wish i could tag this as sarcasm . 
  sadly , some people probably think that way . 
  i 'm having some trouble understanding this argument , which could be due to a lack of knowledge on my part . 
  is it true that when an immigrant is in an asylum center and commits a crime , no deportation proceedings are initiated ? 
  it depends on how quickly you would like for this integration to happen . 
  the amish allow technology in limited cases , but their adaptation to the wider american society is significantly hampered because they have been permitted to form religious/traditional enclaves . 
  if migrants are expected to integrate within one generation , it is necessary that they are spread widely , with a diversity of neighbors , and not permitted to live purely within their own bubble . 
  they need to have constant interactions with germans and the german language and the german culture . 
   for rapists it 's harder to find a good parallel good point . 
  for thieves we remove their hand . 
  ca n't think of anything that could be removed in the case of a rapist . 
  sort of on-topic ... 
  i remember being in europe and being surprised that people who came from other countries , even if they became citizens , would never be considered `` german '' or `` norwegian '' or `` french '' . 
  they would always be considered to be foreign-born . 
  their children , too . 
  has this changed at all in the past twenty years ? 
  the encouragement to see the self as `` other '' might not be a great idea for feeling integrated . 
  this is an interesting idea . 
  any way to tack on some classes in the native language as well ? 
  if people are going to be sitting in asylum centers waiting for decisions , they and their kids might as well have some schooling that will help them feel more at home . 
  seems like a bit of a rough deal . 
  i understand why they do it , but building a life somewhere and then being sent away to do it again has to suck . 
  are there paths to residency for refugees who integrate and contribute to the economy ? 
  i may be wrong , but once syria is declared `` safe '' again , all refugees will be asked to go back . 
  this happened to people from kosovo . 
  they got to go back to a destroyed country and try to rebuild it . 
  combine this idea with returning all boats from turkey back to turkey and it begins to resemble the solution australia came up with . 
  for which they were condemned , of course . 
  you have my sympathy . 
  i would also be pissed in your situation . 
  read this as , `` this is why the head of the eu should be directly executed . '', 
  did a serious double take . 
  true enough ( about demonstrating value ) . 
  younger me had really nothing to offer france . 
  the price of a technological society is that most people within it need to be educated and possess technical skills . 
  i was a college dropout who kinda sorta knew how to program a computer and did n't speak any french . 
  but oh , the food !, 
  so wonderful . 
  yes , that is all true . 
  i suppose it is more of a general feeling that big , big companies get to go shopping for their labor force , while the labor itself is often too poor or otherwise unable to go migrate where the wages are higher . 
  i realize that general feelings are not necessarily reality . 
  emotions run high on the issue from all sides and the media is really not being helpful by picking simplistic narratives and then running with them , undeflected by hairy details . 
  guilty . 
  though at the time i was thinking of moving to france . 
  if it is possible to be in two minds about anything , i am in two minds about immigration . 
  part of me feels like people should be able to move freely just like the corporations do .
