  why we got ta do that to the internet in general ? 
  the future 's so bright i dont need eyes to see it !, 
  from what ive seen , the community is very welcoming in-game ; its just this subreddit for some weird reason . 
  in contrast , r/minecraft and r/kerbalspaceprogram are way better so perhaps people feel the need to defend the game because it never went mainstream ? 
  clang is nice meme but you just see these type of fanboy arguments everywhere on the net . 
  its a certain type of person that gets into that and you cant fix human nature unfortunately . 
  whats your method ? 
  i thought we got locked out from this last year . 
  i hate to be brutally honest but what does your script do better that easy automation doesnt do already ? 
  if you publicly release it then it will get the developers attention faster , plus we get to be evil masterminds for a day , 
  there is a work around using laser antennae :, 
  how do i shift out of : ` / drive ? 
  oh my whats this ? 
  bit of a stretch tbh, 
  you could split up your program into pb 's but it 's a pain in the ass to debug . 
  it makes more sense when it 's 10,000 lines . 
  if your feeling inspired , in gaming scripting is the first step towards modding !, 
  we would enjoy your company . 
  try the forums . 
  reddit isnt the best for technical support . 
  kudos for digging that deep . 
  remember you need theory as well as practical . 
  a cfg file is n't where the game logic is stored and to remove oxygen entirely you would have to make a mod for the source code . 
  that 's assuming what you want is whitelisted . 
  reddit isnt the best place for technical support but we have some smart individuals over at the forums and discord server . 
  it `` sounds '' that way because you cant see my true expressions in text . 
  this is the exact reason why small miscommunications between us can be blown out of proportion . 
  yes reddit is not a good platform for technical support . 
  no , my answer may very well not be right . 
  but to say condescending is clearly shit stirring and i wish you wouldnt follow me with this petty bs . 
  im here to learn and to help ; not stay in eternal toxicity with my associates . 
  yes there is only one right answer in technical support and im sorry for spreading misinformation but theres no need for your attitude that i am picking up again and again in your remarks . 
  why you want to burn this bridge i dont know because ive shown nothing but kindness to you and really this is too far . 
  your biggest gripe is that i ask too many questions and ignore what you say . 
  a total misunderstanding since in real life i ask just as many questions of my uni teachers as i do on the internet . 
  as for ignoring your advice , i just make misjudgements while learning same as everybody else . 
  why cant we agree to have a polite misunderstanding ? 
  i know your not a troll so lets politely agree that neither of us are perfect wizard programmers and we make mistakes or miscommunications from time to time . 
  emotions arent rational and perfect but we have to work with it . 
  really its better for you also if you want to work in a job with other people then you need emotional boundaries , communication , understanding . 
  thats what im doing thats the adult thing to do and my attitude will further my success in design . 
  it will also further your success if you agree to leave me in peace and consider this as nothing but a misunderstanding . 
  thank you yes your right i am sensitive and i try to work around it . 
  rexxar dont be inflammatory . 
  never change spets, 
  r e s p e c t k n u c k l e s, 
  dam i should have waited for the sales !, 
  i think keenswh really take on board everything the community says and the community has been asking for stability ( over features ) for a while now . 
  good news indeed . 
  can you imagine the feeling of taking a couple years hiatus till the full release and coming back to a fully polished game . 
  all my nostalgia for space adventures would come back and id probably have upgraded my hardware by then !, 
  hell , there would probably be npc ship quest mods n shit ; cryosleep is sounding pretty all-left , 
  thats assuming people are gon na keep dedicated servers open that long :[, 
  arr why thank-yee yes me livelyhood is most nefarious, 
  that would be pretty cool for us customers but do keenswh have that money available ? 
  look at minecraft realms where you dont need to worry about hosting but the realm owner pays 5 usd a month . 
  not a bad deal me thinks !, 
  man thats a great sub . 
  i wish we could live that here :[, 
  space engineers has had some great moments in the past ; on this sub and as a community , like the planets release stream with 7k ( or was it 2k ? 
  cant remember now ) live viewers . 
  that being said , there are many cynics here which is understandable when any progress you make in survival takes days of work and servers have to be wiped every so often due to crippling lag . 
  you can copy your stuff across to the next chapter but its not a guaranteed thing . 
  server admins are driven into the ground with burnout having to pay for a high end server and take all the questions from players by them self . 
  the sub reddit lacks the hugely upvoted moments of / r / ksp so its harder to ignore the social friction and that ultimately presents a more negative environment . 
  probably an incentive not to post content here but no point fretting about that ; it is what it is . 
  thank god for corporations and kevlar . 
  * clink * to progress !, 
  why is this on the frontpage ? 
  thy kingdom crumpled , thy world be corrupted . 
  on earth-like as it is in space . 
  praise be to clang : the god of chaos . 
  thank you for applying for a position at s e c o n d j o b corp. 
  unfortunately your application [ bla bla bla ] we look forward to hearing from you !, 
  wow, 
  jet engines are pretty loud though , 
  there 's tutorials for sound block modding but changing the existing sounds is off limits i think . 
  this probably wo n't work but test this : go into the source code on github and find the sbc file defining the sound you want to change . 
  make your own sbc file just like for the sound block mod and if it has the same ... 
  i think ... sub type id ? 
  maybe it will override when the game detects the same name twice idk mane , 
  praise the light, 
  i 'm still working on the text to speech mod . 
  it 's getting very close to release , 
  all spiders are features in the eyes of clang . 
  most of the money will go to the company . 
  buy cd 's instead !, 
  ok we can now make a space engineers visual user interface . 
  initiate phase 1 : hype . 
  bags not doing all the work though haha !, 
  i got my own code project . 
  mass production is destined for mass destruction . 
  all fuel for clang 's fires . 
  in the beginning there was clang . 
  not sure why you were downvoted . 
  have a free pick up you devilishly good information giver you !, 
  do the nike : just slave it . 
  haha i love your priorities  well theres the kids to feed and the bills to pay wow is that a pigs head ?? 
  oh goodness, 
  her actor is sooooo gay its obvious .
