  reel human bean . 
  and a reel hero . 
  love it dude keep it up, 
  screw you guys i would buy this lmao, 
   marketing degree, 
  tunnel bears faark, 
  leser - rip this in pieces remix [ industrial breakbeat ] ( 2015 ), 
  i caught a wild gyarados with twister : / whoopee, 
  cool, 
  and curve balls are easier to hit !, 
  enhance, 
  man tears, 
  3x ^ 3 + 2x ^ 2 + 9x, 
  oh found it !, 
  both methods are equal in the end its just i missed a minus operator turning into a plus . 
  thanks i found the problem , 
  thats cool i can skip a step and integrate it all at once but i dont think your right about the placement on b and a. i just copied it straight down from the website http://imgur.com/a/lxtol, 
  i think theyre switching the standard numbers to throw people , 
  yeah i know, 
  what makes you think that ? 
  it should be just fine unless the server has disabled scripts . 
  we get max output and current output . 
  max is how much power is available . 
  current is how much of that we are utilising . 
  when i fetch either of them they seem to be changing linearly and logically so i guess they did fix it . 
  isis pls, 
  almost gave you gold because i thought you posted a link to this page so he could leave the same way . 
  next time baby, 
  he was decent looking but just no charisma . 
  theres a lesson there, 
  looks like geophagia 's back on the menu boys . 
  vaporwave is the only joy that keeps me going . 
  would that atmospheric manoeuvre work ? 
  in kerbal space program , my gyros could not overpower a cylinder which had stalled length on . 
  i guess they could uses rotation thrusters but still , this thing is supposed to be massive . 
  goodbye, 
  this is amazing , 
  fuckn ae i wasnt ready for that, 
  10/10 would subscribe . 
  how about linking to bandcamp instead of your youtube copy ? 
  nice one , 
  soontm, 
  how about a nice scenario server instead phew !, 
  [ duck tales the moon intensifies ], 
  that took the impact pretty well !, 
  i didnt know damps turned off when you dock . 
  can you provide some of your experiences with that ? 
  son . 
  rip german viewers . 
  james p johnson - keep off the grass ( 1944 ) is copyrighted and blocked over there . 
  sweet irony . 
  yeah thats what it is , 
  it 's a pirate 's drone you can climb on top of and pick its brain . 
  i started a forum thread about the need to protect scripts from plagiarism and this was the result of our brainstorming !, 
  you cant trust the wiki when we are getting updates every week . 
  if you reference sandbox.common.dll in your visual studio project , you can see exactly whats available in game and it will change the reference with each patch . 
  the remote control block has all the methods you need . 
  good fortune with your scripting but above all , have fun !, 
  to keep the ship at a static altitude :, 
  1 . call remote control block 's method trygetplanetelevation ( myshipelevation.surface , out playersdouble ) ,, 
  2 . override up/down thrusters until the double value matches the height you want . 
  to align with horizon :, 
  2 . call remote control block 's method getnaturalgravity ( ) ,, 
  3 . rotate gyros until the orientation property of a ships block is aligned with the vector of the natural gravity . 
  i havent tested but it looks like it should work . 
  i missed one detail where you will need to enter what looks like a static enum ? 
  into the argument field :, 
  trygetplanetelevation ( myshipelevation.surface , out playersdouble ), 
  and it claims to be the distance to surface so trust the source , 
  dont make content that pleases others . 
  make content that pleases you and the followers will follow . 
  no idea haha but it sounds like it would work right ? 
  :o) yaw pitch roll changed to near alignment ec, 
  this is my dream . 
  full automation . 
  mods and programmable blocks cant talk to each afaik but i havent tested . 
  i guess the mod 's design would have to be built with pb 's in mind first . 
  if you just want a button input , that 's easy even with no c # skill . 
  set the button 's action to run the programmable block with a text argument . 
  program will change its performance based on what test you put in . 
  you cant put in just anything , it has to be valid for the script 's design !, 
  if you want to get a crash course introduction into scripting thats a little hard to find in one spot since se scripting , as a skill , is a combination of c # study and fishing through forum posts to figure out the game 's quirks . 
  usually it helps to find an idea that you love so much that just has to be created , then work backwards figuring out what it needs . 
  also i rate this awesome tutorial series made by piloterror42 :, 
  i know this feel, 
  nice find chap post it in the forums so the devs will see it, 
  its a sandbox so nah . 
  however theres an anti griefing mod i believe !, 
  +1 for diy dreams . 
  lets go make se great again lads, 
  brick game !, 
   way to get ore locations, 
  say no more fam . 
  were missing ore location ingame api and a massive manhattan project level of willpower but if you want to make everything thats possible up to a point i will 100 \u2105 help out . 
  how does an open source group-project-whatever civilisation script sound ? 
  visual studio 2015 community edition is perfect for this since line by line debugging will save your sanity  . 
  only hitch is your script has to be a single source file so literally throw oop into the trash . 
  heres a template for what your project should look like :, 
  finally all the internet points can repair my self esteem , 
  major in engineering or blue collar .
