sure you have the only copy in the whole world but you could got the same level of brilliance for $ 20 if not free on bandcamp . 
  i do n't care if its wrapped in the shroud of jesus christ ; its about the sound waves period . 
  dude your interface for kscript was fantastic . 
  if you need any worker bees to bug test your shit , let me know !, 
  is it saying saved game is corrupted ? 
  you need to verify integrity of game cache . 
  look up how to do that in steam . 
  video games are serious business, 
  i dont have this bug dude . 
  are you using steam server browser ? 
  its a mill times better than in game browser . 
  you need a decent dx11 graphics card . 
  im using a laptop embedded chip and the fps is really a disaster . 
  dont ever buy gaming laptops . 
  im just numb to it by now cos i love the game . 
  bro dont even sweat ; stick is really nothing after 10 hours practice . 
  its all in getting a feel for how slowly you should release the clutch . 
  `` string '' is a regex class . 
  `` string '' is a declaration of a new variable . 
  both are very useful . 
  he means the czechoslovakian dev team coding in english, 
  english is an international language so countries teach it in school ; especially europe . 
  i think the devs probably all speak it , write it since primary . 
  the proof of concept needs to be modified for long range or short range but not both . 
  in order to be accurate , long range radar will spin very slow . 
  i love the picture  i should really do that for my releases . 
  just be careful because renaming blocks wont work unless all the items are on the same block ownership level eg : all nobody or all me . 
  if i was you id put that as a disclaimer on your release page . 
  i hope much success for your future scripting !, 
  i think they are planning immersive soundscapes in the future eg : suit breathing , steel hulls groaning , sounds cant propagate through the space so they can only pass through the floor into your feet  god i need a cup of tea now that was intense just thinking about it !, 
  well the ceo commented on the video 2 years ago . 
  kind of mixed messages but maybe one day . 
  ill make another video for the release with a bunch of wierd applications plus your request . 
  the public will get their spam alright ( infinite looping functionality with no lagg ) . 
  sensors , timers , buttons could all send a string to the argument box . 
  hell yes !, 
  i analysed it before i posted and had the same reaction ; easier to understand when you read it . 
  i 'm going to add spaces every 3 letters so that you can hear the syllables and i 'm also thinking about 4 levels of pitch similar to stephen hawking 's kit . 
  you 'll also notice that the letter t sounds awful and i 've already brought it down a few db . 
  smoke machines son, 
  at least i 'll give it a good go . 
  it was pretty important to get phonemes that are at the same pitch . 
  i tried cutting letters out of the stock samples that come with the sound block ; it sounded even worse than this :d, 
  right now i have a switch-case for the alphabet then i check the letter before and letter after to see which phoneme i add . 
  its actually not 100 % yet you can see i had to remove ehh in the video otherwise you would hear `` t ehh xt '' , `` engin eee ehh rs '' . 
  i do n't think the . net tts library is allowed in se, 
  yes but the release will have chatbox access and the sound files i added are a mod so its both . 
  you ca n't mod new sound events yet so it has to be coming out of speaker blocks, 
  how the heck ?? 
  :p explain this sorcery, 
  a better option for finding actions is the gallery . 
  lorddevious made a world where all the blocks each have an lcd with its details . 
  never go laptop, 
  programmable block or easy automation, 
  the problem is heating . 
  it has a short life span because its cooling system is inefficient for gaming . 
  my laptop is on jet engine mode daily just so you know where im coming from !, 
  we need one of those blueprint drawing tools that ksp has :, 
  heres a preview :, 
  do a video pls  imgur isnt doing you justice, 
  this sounds like your calling !, 
  youll be the first to build a spacious trade hub with a giant glass ceiling . 
  hug it out bro ( / t_t ) /, 
  drones orbiting your flagship 's gravity well ? 
  you get used to it ; its not a big deal . 
  player2k if it wasnt for you i would still be asking my nooby questions how to find the api  hes out here ladies and gents !, 
  o _____________________ o wooooooooooah, 
  is this just a multiplayer thing ? 
  this is actually a huge deal and ive heard on servers you got ta rename every single module otherwise it goes into the trash . 
  the whiskey vocal box is strong with this one . 
  can you read me a bed time story ? 
  the dudes gif game is criminally good !, 
  this sub seems to like gifs the most thats interesting . 
  trust me you dont want anything to do with machinima . 
  they trap oblivious creators in lengthy contracts and other shady business . 
  today i learned , 
  not of you do it right . 
  theres more than one way to achieve the same action . 
  oh great one may i polish your feet . 
  not in ingame script . 
  link to script please :d, 
  well that escalated way too quickly !, 
  coooooooooooool, 
  i need this more often hahaha, 
  its just a lighthouse tutorial that helped me pick up the rules of signal flow . 
  i have a knack for working hard on random things from time to time . 
  holy misinformation batman !, 
  similar but this this ones mine ; made it two days ago : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-nytkb7gs4, 
  oh i thought you wanted to build a rubix cube :d, 
  scissors dont cut well because the hinge wiggles horizontally, 
  are you mad :p this is insaaaaaaaane, 
  heres an easier way to apply an action :, 
  sorters [ i ] . applyaction ( `` onoff '' ) ;, 
  also , make good use of the gallery world save that was linked in these comments . 
  i use it all the time to find a block 's methods and fields . 
  i dont want that feel bro, 
  `` lost hope in the game '' man who cares all that ? 
  its a game not a religion . 
  its people like you this post is pointed to : people who want to start fights on the internet over some first world problem . 
  at the end of the day why we got ta do that to ourselves ?
