  if ( allpistons [ i ] . name.contains ( `` leftshoulder '' ) ), 
  leftshoulderpistons.add ( allpistons [ i ] ) ;, 
  the whole point of the project is to get it to walk forwards and back . 
  you should make a function for each muscle group and expand or contract based on a button press . 
  the input would look something like this :, 
  if ( input = = `` forward '' ), 
  walkforward ( ) ;, 
  walkbackward ( ) ;, 
  else, 
  standstill ( ) ;, 
  use visual studio community 2015 instead of writing in game as it will tell you where youve made mistakes . 
  copy your finished text into a programmable block then compile . 
  if you dont want to learn how to program but still want to do this , theres a real decent framework out there called easy automation . 
  it is designed for the sole purpose of making mechanical movements easy to program . 
  good luck !, 
  i must know how , 
  ill deport you mate, 
  ftfy :-], 
  stable branch will maybe never have a consistent update schedule since not all crashes are made equal . 
  they say it will happen every three weeks right ? 
  but not how much will cross over . 
  still it would be ok to know what does . 
  8fps on planets here : /, 
  tfw fell for the gaming laptop meme . 
  not an answer but psa : if your hatches dont face your retrograde then dont dump stone while idle flying to a destination !, 
  you may think this is a smart use of time and you could never be so wrong d :, 
  unless you like rapid unplanned disassemblies in which case burn it all down , enginauts . 
      redditch majority leave, 
  its over reddit, 
  p a x b r i t a n n i c a, 
  cant we just scan it with antivirus or something ? 
  this is probably easy to convert into a steam mod if its in c # ( since no one seems hot on the executable ) . 
  i have a mod in the works that accesses the chat box as input then prints as output ; it would just take a few snips here and there , 
  using system ;, 
  using sandbox.modapi ;, 
  / / the convention is to use the last 4-5 digits of your steam mod as packet id . 
  ushort packet_id = 6666 ;, 
  / / event handler, 
  myapigateway.utilities.messageentered + = onmessageentered ;, 
  public void onmessageentered ( string messagetext , ref bool sendtoothers ), 
  / / if you want them to see the equation output too . 
  otherwise , just call the method for yourself . 
  myapigateway.multiplayer.registermessagehandler ( packet_id , onreceivedpacket ) ;, 
  bool packetsizesucceeded = myapigateway.multiplayer.sendmessageto ( packet_id , bytes , players [ i ] . steamuserid , true ) ;, 
  public void onmessageentered ( string messagetext , ref bool sendtoothers ), 
  myapigateway.utilities.showmessage ( `` you must be this light to ride ! '', 
  welp , time to forget . . * swigs bottle *, 
  usaab ... sounds like alchoholics anonymous !, 
  man now you got my feels up . 
  i still wish they hadnt banned electronic warfare ingame ; _ ;, 
  amazing dude thanks for making the game a better place . 
  i was holding out for k script but he had lost his files or something . 
  :[ this is like how easy automation changed mechanical scripting forever only now its everything !, 
  not without mods you 're correct . 
  who hurt you mate, 
  your gon na need both hands for this one, 
  absolutely depressed kind of feel bro, 
  nige for god emperor, 
  this mod would not have been possible without the guidance of the modding community . 
  - introduction video :, 
  - steam collection of text to speech addons :, 
  - help make pronunciation great again :, 
  maybe in the future and enough people want that voice , singing , pitch etc , 
  theoretically possible for chat but not for the programmable block . 
  highly unlikely but the modding potential is endless . 
  there is a comprehensive scenario editor for people to design a less pointless experience for their subscribers , 
  wow what a story mark, 
  thats a good point since any physical ailment could pop up without certainty . 
  pure saving with no returns would cover emergencies but 30 years of retirement ? 
  probably not ae . 
  i want to stay sharp so maybe i could position myself for a less demanding job as i gain more skills and exp . 
  i find it hard to remember my ultimate fate when life is so demanding . 
   its all just a big game isnt it . 
  you should have learned by now hype never stays . 
  achievements are forgotten and people move on . 
  however , for a day you were part of human progress and public innovation and it was worth all the bloody hard work !, 
  why do n't you take a seat over there . 
  its a hope ; nothing concrete , 
  this is a smart work around and i do love the getting to work smarter instead of harder !, 
  ill have a look linq but it still mystifies me why there is no and when regex has |, 
  im referring to substring match in regex not linq but no biggie . 
  it would be slower than keyboard and many symbols are longer in speech than text . 
  you would end up doing more work because for example : { `` curly bracket '' , & & `` ampersand ampersand '' . 
  on the positive side you would reduce the risk of carpal tunnel syndrome and become a very smooth salesman , 
  algorithm design is all about how efficient your methods are . 
  you could get a headstart by starting a hobby project which involves some kind of many inputs , many output type method . 
  it helps if its a project you strongly desire like a niche in a market that no one is covering . 
  dont bother finishing the project as you want most of your energy to go into studying for exams . 
  all you have to do is compare different ways of writing the same method and see which performs faster . 
  downvote is not a disagree button , champ . 
  people who talk a lot become great with words !, 
  as a single 20 something , i cant understand why someone would put porn before an actual partner . 
  i thought this was just a lonely boys club thing but turns out its an addiction just like anything else . 
  some get hooked and some dont . 
  ( ( ea ) ) nime was a mistake, 
   vape trap, 
  pesonally i strive to finish everything i start . 
  can you elaborate on this idea of flaking on a project ? 
  d a m s o n w h e r e d y o u f i n d t h i s, 
  gettin awful close there , bob .
