at the price of economic sanctions yes , we will see the impact of those thought, 
  because nobody can really do anything , and nobody want war is russia, 
  yeah i laugh a bit each time i see theses comments , france is already in deep shit, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.facebook.com/cotropitor/photos_albums ) ( link to his facebook page ), 
  maybe you should edit the post then, 
  it 's a woman in a dress from the back . 
  notice the hat , hairs , and a part that you can see . 
  limburg ivaded the netherland to free their people from oppression , thanks to putin, 
  yeah , it seems that you just bought italy, 
  this comic , it 's hilarious, 
  do n't complain , look at what he gave as a flag to france, 
  what the hell ? 
  did i slept during the invasion ? 
  yeah off course , but in that case ( toulouse ) , it 's classic right ( ump here ), 
  the far-right and right took over some cities like mine , toulouse , we will see what it gives us . 
  for all i know , toulouse 's mayor was a moron ( expensive and inefficient tramway , gift to friends , ... ) , ca n't be worse . 
  you forgot the need for more nudity, 
  this is just ridiculous, 
  the white house is way more symbolic, 
  same pilot ? 
  that poor guy must be the laughing material of the whole air force, 
  yeah , if nato is attacking , they need to have some forces in the east too, 
  a gun that need to stay on rail is not really practical . 
  given the damages ghat can do a smaller caliber like the big bertha [ link ] ( en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_gun ) , i ca n't even imagine that thing, 
  yeah , that would be really big, 
  you can , but you need to show actual arguments . 
  it is , the original was posted somewhere in the / r/funny thread, 
  yeah , it 's probably too much . 
  it 's a symbol of the old ussr and the old soviet regime . 
  in my opinion it 's vandalism , those statues are history . 
  i 'm pretty sure that this was sarcasm . 
  if it 's not , then it 's stupid, 
  so if someone say anything about the situation that 's not blaming russia , they are paid by them ? 
  nice thinking guys . 
  if there is one you wo n't even be able to notice it anyway . 
  could someone explain that joke ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  probably the spanish government . 
  nope , did n't edit ( there would be a * next to the x hours ago ), 
  thank you for that :p, 
  well , that 's true too . 
  european newspapers at their finest . 
  pretty much the same in france . 
  those papers are heavily subventioned , and they just do shit like this . 
  and the our military is using us products everywhere , so they can precisely know what we are doing ( check the open bar contract between microsoft and our ministry of defence , it 's interesting ), 
  yeah , most of the stolen high end cars end up in eastern europe and asia, 
  okay , thanks for the explication , guess that my english is a word better now :p, 
  it 's not bad value , it 's actually a quite good jet , but dassault sell it for too much, 
   a lot of the focus has been on mandela . 
  sarkozy and hollande both attended the ceremony , but they ` controversially ' used different planes to get there . 
  some peoples joked that sarkozy 's plane was supposed to trow him in the car, 
  i mostly live in france , but often abroad , and i am half german 1/4 french and 1/4 italian , so `` france and stuff '' :p, 
  it 's a parody, 
  well thanks for the explanation . 
  he is supporting austerity and all that stuff in spain , and with that they want germany to do the contrary ? 
  is n't it ironic from rajoy ? 
  i believe that it 's not to crash the price , since farmers are already selling bellow the production cost . 
  could anyone explain to me what 's wrong with rt ? 
  i found that media source quite recently and the articles seems legit , event if they are oriented in government view , but we got the same in the rest of europe . 
   their firearms ( ak-47 , pkm ) are both a blessing and a curse to the world . 
  more of a disaster really , they sold those things everywhere , every crazy `` rebels '' movement in africa got russian weapons , hell even in some french city a working ak47 is worth 500 $ ( it 's illegal off course ) in full automatic . 
  gas , diamonds , new rich , quite a lot of poverty , corruption , their president is an ex-kgb , and quite a lot of military expenses . 
  new home of our dear gerard depardieu . 
  yeah , really old citroens were really nice , but the ds always seemed a bit weird to me, 
  it 's really a great car , my parents had one , the v6 engine is quite good :p that said , it cost a lot when you need to refuel . 
  and the fact that peugeot will rape your wallet for every minor reparation can get you a bit angry . 
  well , we are quite a bit : social security , allocations , quite a lot of stuff . 
  that car design is actually from [ the italian pininfarina ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/gian-battista_pinin_farina ) whom did some design for a lot of car companies . 
  others french cars from that time were not really that good . 
  edit : the car i 'm talking about is the 406 coup\u00e9 , go see 1997 cars , they were really not good looking . 
  it 's really better now . 
  it 's boulogne sur mer , try the mediteranean coast next time , it 's really nice . 
  yeah , i remember trying to eat a raw fruit , it 's a bit hard :p but jam , cube and pie with it are awesome , you should try to do some ( recipes must be somewhere around the internet , i think that the pie is quite easy but ca n't say for the cubes and jam ), 
  p\u00e2te de coing is amazing , my grandmother used to let that stuff dry on table , they never dried before i ate them, 
  i hope that they will do an english version someday , the titles are quite hilarious . 
  yeah i went there a few years ago , i was surprised by how small was the `` covered in ice '' part , people did n't looked like they really loved strangers too, 
  thank you , i was a bit disappointed when i found the paywall, 
  well , was gon na reply to someone but the comment is deleted ; well right [ spying on all the population is not right ] . 
  but the obvious objective of the us on that is to get corporations information , by spying on their employes , the peoples themselves are n't a real interest to them . 
  it 's still really bad , especially coming from a country that often yell at other countries doing corporate spying . 
  thanks , i will read that after work, 
  let 's see if they write an angry letter to the us or if they actually do something . 
  after all , everybody is spying on everybody . 
  okay , look like i did n't get it the first time :p, 
  i do n't think so , they will just come again with another name . 
  probably not the same peoples at their head though, 
  [ here you go ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_fries ), 
  i do n't smoke , but i believe that it cost something along 5-6 $ for a pack edit : more like 6-7, 
  even better , that money will get some people a job . 
  this must be an accurate reason , at least it 's my favourite now, 
  i believe that the name of the company is actually a reference to terminator, 
  how can france got one of the highest rate despite all thoses taxes on smokes ? 
  great , everyone should be able to be defended in court . 
  pirate party maybe ? 
  internet , freedom of speech and right to privacy, 
  well , everything get a hell lot expensive once it 's airplane-certified, 
  hell yeah , let the money flow in !, 
  on a more serious note , that 's good news , that plane is manufactured in a lot of different country , so that 's money for everyone . 
  peoples i know from poland are always quite friendly, 
  yep , that 's what happen when people come only for the view .
