  probably just wanted to eat at the top without spending a fortune in that restaurant . 
  i ca n't find any stat past 2006, 
  i 'm not saying it 's comforting , just an explanation to why they are mostly males . 
  eu has a familly reunification policy , if a husband get citizenship/residency permit , his wife an kids get residency too , so they often send the husband first . 
  yes but most people do n't want to wake up early on sunday ( usually 9am - 12am ), 
  that 's why a lot of farmers arround my city are selling directly to the end consummer , with weekly deliveries off stuff , it 's pretty cool and they get a few times what the supermarkets gives them . 
  if the russian gov is okay with it , yeah . 
  it is n't better , and that was a stupid move from them . 
  i agree that we should let countries run themselves , but when an ally is being destabilized , you got to take a side or risk losing it to some other influence . 
  hey do n't blame us , our gov ( mich\u00e8le alliot-marie actually ) wanted to support the tunisian dictatorship during their revolution by lending them swat units `` french skills in security '' . 
  oooh i missed that one !, 
  i 'm pretty sure that iraqis can get asylum , it 's more people from morocco and the likes . 
  that 's the joke , people burn their papers and pretend to be syrian to get asylum status . 
  [ rt ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/313880-ukraine-radicals-protest-parliament/ ) says it 's a grenade , injured a few people . 
  to ne honest i mostly remember the argument , the details not so much . 
  he came from morroco , so no asylum for him since the king is our friend . 
  the dgse was oposed to the surveillance system that was voted a while ago , the reason they gave is that they already have way too many people on file , making the file useless . 
  it is chocolatine you uncivilized nordist . 
  not op but i think he put helping africa dealing with aids on top of the list of foreign affairs . 
  well it looks like they are self funded, 
  you do n't think somalia has enough extremists idiots ? 
  really you get used to it in a few days, 
  as long as they recognize you as their citizen , sure , no problem . 
  yeah it was signed by 47 congressman , but still pretty stupid . 
  to be faire iran is not really cool on that whole human right thing , but yeah , we do deals with the saudis and israel which are not really better . 
  anyway french industries must be happy , iran is a big market that was closed until now . 
  that letter they sent was just awful . 
  hopefully iran will recover from the sanctions now . 
  `` israel 's government has also warned against an agreement . '', 
  typical . 
  if you find it, 
  and i thought she was ps , apparently she is with the prg . 
  ( thanks for the correction / u/erwan ), 
  yeah it 's crappy but you ca n't expect the gov to buy their licences back at the price they got it . 
  yeah probably :p in paris the subway is a bit messy in some part of the city , and it 's sometimes way shorter to use a car . 
  from where i live it 's a two hours commute to go to the airport ( i hate that tramway ) , 20 euros and an hour to use the rer ( train ) , or 25 min in a car for 25 euros . 
  when you have a luggage it 's easy to choose . 
  when i 'm in toulouse , i almost never use my car , there are buses , subway and such for everywhere , and more importantly 1 every 3 minutes . 
  i know that in paris , from my home to the airport with uberx is 1/5 less expensive than a taxi , and 2/4 less expensives with an uber pop . 
  and every time i did that drive with a taxi it was almost like they were angry to have a client . 
  come on the only reason the license cost so much in france is because they speculate on it . 
  the state gives them away for free but in limited numbers , and they wen to sell them on the black market instead of giving it back . 
  yeah this one is gold . 
  `` sarkozy sees himself as only one who can resolve world financial crisis '' fits the character . 
  key world here is `` only '' , the point is that le canard enchain\u00e9 has much better sales . 
  your french is a bit mixed up , it 's `` un de ces rares rosbifs '' :p anyway you seem to speak more language than i do . 
  he means a model that does n't cost 60k minimum . 
  yeah there is a few in paris too . 
  curently if you want to go to marseille from paris there is only one station , you really do n't want to miss it . 
  so it is a problem but it looks like it 's being solved . 
  chinese people are often an easy target , they have a lot of cash on them and are constantly looking at the buildings . 
  he is saying he is n't a fan of his activism . 
  yeah peta has a pretty bad rep. 
  still better than belgium . 
  and please ban him from ever doing interview by the way . 
  it 's funny because marine le pen party is in trouble for being financed by russia , and regognized the crimean referendum, 
  on most of yahoo 's news , you can just copy paste a bit of the text in google to find the original source . 
  then please link the [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/18/us-ukraine-crisis-military-iduskbn0o30te20150518 ) . 
  yeah it 's really useful but it 's pretty much a money hole , everyone try to optimize it but with no success so far . 
  not only in paris , toulouse too . 
  do n't worry , i do n't even like the guy and i have been called a putinbot a few times , just a few people not liking that there might be opinions other than theirs . 
  beautiful cars , shitty durability . 
  i know that people working in airbus have shares , and they are traded on most markets . 
  we got immunity for parliament , senate and president . 
  that 's a lot of dude that should be in jail . 
  we are lucky that they are there , or we would n't even have a decent airport and still no rails . 
  try paris - toulouse , it 's a 9h travel and it 's more expensive than buying a plane ticket . 
  do you only have sun when no tourists are around ? 
  well he sure ca n't win that one . 
  yeah the venezuelian way always work . 
  with wich money ? 
  alcool and pork , muslim i guess . 
  just put `` yes '' in the `` are you a terrorist '' case . 
  most country already have such a law , the thing is that with a bit of creative accounting google and such make no profits in europe except in ireland . 
  as long as the guy choosing to guillotine you is sane and not power thirsty i guess . 
  because it 's a race to the bottom , if every country lower their taxes to 5 % , then the new tax heaven will be the ones that lower it to 3 % , and so on . 
  but our robespierre went \u00e0 bit crazy and guillotine easy . 
  not a single question about the panama documents and poroshenko ? 
  because they are mainly poor countries, 
  you are not missing anything but some banter . 
  it 's absolutely not the first time , and to be honest i did n't check a map before posting . 
  well now we got turkey so why not ural countries . 
  neeeh that 's crazy talk, 
  yeah it 's supposed to b\u00e9 international . 
  my parents had one , but it 's not used anymore, 
  for pilots maybe , on the ground not so much, 
  yeah that 's what i 'm thinking too, 
  well they are precisely rising because nothing was done except from that stupid state of emergency . 
  if we learned something about facebook it 's that they do n't do shit unless their staff care about it , like the gay mariage status not being possible on facebook until one of the higher ups got married . 
  and they have a building in paris . 
  they crucified them because they did n't activate it in lebanon after a terrorist attack the day before . 
  yeah , thought it seems like the [ other older thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4be7f5/eu_military_training_mission_attacked_in_mali/ ) has more attention . 
  to be honest , it 's a military mission in a country with an active rebellion so attacks are expected , and most of the current attention is on the brussels events . 
  well from the article it seems that no one died , appart from one of the gunmens , so that 's probably why . 
  france will , but we have our own little bombs to garantee that . 
  let 's not push it that far , no most people wo n't be happy that turks died . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a joke about the fact that most western medias describes the pkk as progressive . 
  iceland literrally needs an app to be able to know if randoms people you meet are related to you or not , sooo . . 
  weird , maybe they filter some country and not others ? 
  you should switch to ublock , usually does n't get blocked .
