  thank you for your answer , and for fighting against this law . 
  so , a few questions : * who is pushing for this copyright law to pass ? 
  * some time ago in france , we passed a law obligating google to pay newspapers for all links in google news . 
  google just stopped linking to their article and the newspapers experienced a huge drop in traffic , and thus in ad revenue . 
  would n't this law have the same effect on people , ie wo n't they just stop linking to copyrighted stuff ? 
  thank you for doing this ama . 
  probably another idiot like the one who attacked the louvre . 
  binge watch *, 
  snails and frogs are delicious , and you would know if your taste buds were n't burnt out by mouse-crap contaminated mozzarella . 
  at least we are n't only known for pineapple pizza . 
  it 's just that building metro lines in paris is a nightmare , the ground is already swiss cheese at this point . 
  because obviously the us are the only ones with satellites so no one else could detect such an invasion coming , and they are russia shills right ? 
  shit article . 
  charrua went on with it 's vassalisations , annexing yet another two tribes , but then i crashed and the ai could n't handle the independance war , ending with us and our only loyal vassal getting annexed . 
  they still do n't want in . 
  charrua went on to war , extort and annex irrelevant tribes around it . 
  soon another one will be ours . 
  it 's ironic for them to select the second from the bottom given the rest of the cartoons . 
  pretty much, 
  i had a discussion with a police officer when someone broke into my flat , and he basically said this , looking at suspects all day long does n't help . 
   housing nuclear subs more like degrading nuclear rust buckets, 
  so it 's not legal in europe . 
  do n't get me wrong i would n't be sad if it happened though . 
  we ca n't because they would be executed . 
  well a lot of europeans had their stuff there, 
  locals do , tourists often cave to the pressure . 
  they tell you it 's a `` friendship bracelet '' , and pressure you to give them money once they put it on . 
  it 's exactly what is going to happen . 
  and far right movements are going to have a field day with this . 
  it seems that in their list of priorities destabilizing the eu by financing far right extremists and territorial expansions are higher than their need for money . 
  russia is already doing that on it 's own . 
  you were talking about de gaule here :p, 
  having nukes helps . 
  trying to stop a man with a machete while trying not to get hurt is probably not as easy than an unarmed opponent . 
  glad to see the security there is working, 
  it 's the same thing in france , a lot of people thing gypsies =  romanian . 
  i 'm precisely talking about the migrants they take in as slave for their constructions, 
  well a lot , but not those . 
  so much for all they guys saying they were armenians . 
  it was our pm, 
  a lot of stuff in the eu has been done in the wrong order . 
  he probably read 4chan , they are saying the guys are armenians . 
  her lack of response says it all . 
  they did n't start with that , they worked for it with the money from the free harbor . 
  a russian bank lend her money . 
  she still has to repay it and to be fair she had no choice , french banks did n't want to lend her money . 
  but there is no doubt on why they support her . 
  `` 6m $ have been transfered to your party account , thank you for supporting russia '', 
  that explains a bit . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  what do you think about french secularism ? 
  you mean in france ? 
  all of those , you can still get guns if a doctor say you are not unstable , and you get treatment for mental & physical health problems . 
  their problem is the gang culture and crazies not getting treatment . 
  meh , it 's possible because of poverty , the lack of education and mental health treatments . 
  and thus rr martin decides to restart his book from scratch . 
  yup , getting ready for a feast tonight ans tomorrow , can confirm . 
  happy christmas you all !, 
  yeah that 's the guy that went in hiding ans was caught in belgium . 
  they do n't know who the gunman is yet . 
  edit : but it is the gunman , and he is dead . 
  it still has to be a big number of victimes , some private school shootings is n't genocide , what happened to armenians and in rwanda is . 
  how many times are we going to see a variation of this article ? 
  it 's a commission on the price , so in the end yeah . 
  but it 's the reason some store do n't want cards under a certain amount . 
  you do n't pay , the store does . 
  i guess it depends where they can manage to get the few billions it cost . 
  time will tell , it 's not like russia wo n't choose \u00e0 new 3b $ carrier over over new roads but it will still hurt \u00e0 bit . 
  they probably still have the design for the one the ussr was building in crimea that was never finished but it 's probably outdated now . 
  the fn candidate is marine , not marion . 
  they wo n't use it anymore once they get the nuclear carrier they have been dreaming about for so long . 
  fillon seems to be the leader right now , he would be quite an ally for putin , and so support assad i guess ? 
  i read the thing again and you are right , he was planning airstrikes , pretty much the same thing we did in libya . 
  he was planning an invasion of syria arround the period when the regime was accused of using chemical weapons . 
  edit : not an invasion , airstrikes against assad , like we did against gadhafi . 
  yeah do n't count on nato support against russia then . 
  i just hope our president ( hollande ) wo n't try to get involved , he had a plan to do the same thing with the us but obama backed off . 
  ( the files got leaked , it 's a big scandal in france right now ) . 
  yeah leadership is a problem here too . 
  in the last \u00e9lections their candidate almost did n't get enough vote to get their campaign funds back . 
  our greens are pretty much left leaning populists at this point . 
  that was also a problem with him , demostrated by his stance on climate change ; one day it 's not man made and not important , the next we should tax us goods if they do n't care it . 
  yeah keep in mind that most french here are leftists . 
  sarkozy was trying to get le pen votes and copied her policies , so he was becoming far right . 
  fillon though is really our tradicional right , something like the cdu in germany , but with ties to russia . 
  yep , there is no communication on this subject . 
  on the atlantic ? 
  the atlantic wall sounds like a great name . 
  and the other 55 vote erdogan, 
  yes i can totally understand why the russian did it , but still ukraine is a recognized foreign country and they had no right to do that . 
  she also recognized crimea as russian . 
  just before they got her that loan . 
  he paid to be put of the terrorist list . 
  after sarkozy election gaddafi was france 's friend again , and we sold him surveillance systems . 
  yeah i think he must have felt a bit stupid after that one . 
  yeah , i still think of it as something that should n't be legal , but i do n't have a doubt that they will try to play in that way . 
  `` the plane had to fly anyway '', 
  some of the french involved in the attacks went to syria , the gov did n't know they were back . 
  it 's pretty much what i think of it too , but we have to remember that the money we will use for defense has to come from somewhere else , so we will get some budget cuts in other sectors . 
  personally my grandfather was a kid there at the time , he speaks pretty openly about it if you ask him .
