  france , libya , a few years ago . 
  pretty much that . 
  it 's weird , i did fly on old planes but i never experienced rude staff . 
  air france is still the best for me after emirates , they are a bit often on strikes but the rest of the time the staff is friendly , you get student prices , and they do n't charge you more for freaking water . 
  edit : the comment bellow by / u/gnorrn reminds me that yeah , their entertainment is pretty much crap , si pack up your phone and tablet . 
  i think it was the expected input at the time . 
  he was pretty much forced by external pressure to do so, 
  come on , do we really need that everywhere ? 
  pretty sure he is sarcastic . 
  there ca n't be homeless in glorious soviet union !, 
  not really worse , let 's say on par . 
  i guess it would pretty much end up like libya , with isis as a bonus . 
  assad wo n't voluntarily steps aside , to him it means exile or death . 
  they are not really celebrating , read the full phrase , they are just seeing this mess as a confirmation of what they have been saying for a long time . 
  yeah just be careful about accidents . 
  `` there are no civilians here , there are no civilians here , . . '', 
  i think ukrainians can feel the difference between rebel idiots and trained russian soldiers right now . 
  yeah this is like saying an human and an human with a parachute would fall at the same speed . 
  do n't forget air resistance people . 
  when you bribe someone you do n't really give them a car , you give something or a service to some member of their familly , or a service to this person way later . 
  some french journalist proved a while ago that you could get a serbian ak in france for 2000 $ and 48h , so yeah . 
  it 's their justification , does n't mean it 's true . 
  that 's a nuke straight to istanbul . 
  yeah , but only if the public infrastructures follows , and there is a long road ahead for that . 
  someone got a new audi . 
  it 's pretty much the point , optimize the aeroport and in the end getting more taxes . 
  dat eastern european techno . 
  what a surprise , la poste buy them all and then there is price fixing . 
  yeah but those people are not going to contribute . 
  i personally feel pretty safe from mass shootings and and such crazies attacks , but if you get robbed you have pretty much no way to defend yourself from a group of guys with knifes ( you are n't suppose to have one , even though i still carry one if i 'm going to stay late outside ) . 
  you will never get shot or killed in a mugging gone bad though , and the bad guys wo n't have a gun . 
  to be honest i do n't think a cop would give you shit for carrying some in paris, 
  it is illegal in france . 
  because you do n't say things contrary to what the government is saying while working for national tv . 
  but romania was n't the home of the gypsies , just where they got stuck because of the soviets . 
  and i can tell you that romania really wanted them out by the time their borders oppened . 
  depending on how much you annoy the policeman trying to negociate i guess . 
  do n't worry we do everything we can to send them back . 
  they are mostly small time drug dealers and criminals . 
  they do n't do that anymore ? 
  yeah how do they srew that up ? 
  when i was in school it was mostly kids of english parents . 
  i agree that some students do n't work , but i blame ( mostly from personnal experience ) bad teachers and shitty english program . 
  or if you really want to have europe classes , have more that one by school . 
   i do n't think the french ahould see english as a threat in any way tell that to the government , we have an institution ( l'acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise ) whom the sole r\u00f4le is to invent french words to be used instead of the new english ones ( hastag becomes mot di\u00e8se , skate = planche roulette , and so on ) . 
  if they did n't do that stuff we would have a lot more of words in common with english . 
  they just do n't . 
  it 's quite a problem . 
  well it is , if you take the 30 students already good at english and give them the ( often only ) good teacher , how do you expect other students to learn ? 
  plus in most schools it 's the only class that practice with travel to england and such . 
  our english program is pretty much `` learn this list of words '' . 
  there is no debate or conversation , and it 's essential to learn a langage . 
  it gives you the basic to understand a conversation but you have to practice by yourself , and most students do n't . 
  isis would take responsability for an american bombing if it pleased them . 
  bankers usualy already have the education , they dont need rehabilitation, 
  it sets a precedent , the next banker , if he 's not stupid , will think a bit about the guys that went to jail before risking his country economy . 
  and it 's jail as privation of liberty , not as we protect the society from you . 
  eh , people still immature at 17 are not mature at 18 either . 
  uk : yeah we want to be able to move freely in their country but not them in ours !, 
  marying a 17 years old or a 9 years old is quite different . 
  vpn + voip, 
  so how do they put the data in ? 
  with an usb key ? 
  not really , they invested a lot in paris , there is quite a few empty buildings owned by qataris . 
  so yeah , respect the rules of the country you emigrate to , even if it is saudi arabia . 
  there is diferent degrees of `` not integrating '', 
  thanks for the edit i was n't getting it there . 
  eh , someone not integrating here does n't grant him a year in jail and some lashing . 
  edit : i would like to add thought that if you do n't want to live with stupid laws , then do n't live in that fucking country , especially for an european . 
  the salaries are high because they have thoses stupid religious in power . 
  if you are a local and dont want those laws thought , good luck to you . 
  a palestinian that was in an area that got colonized by israel i guess . 
  yeah pretty much . 
  at least in miami they make you go through their customs , get out of the airport , get in again , get through tsa , and then you can finally board your plane . 
  it 's pretty stupid . 
  yeah it 's not like they have the means to pay for that kind of relocation . 
  yeah that thing is pretty much a racket , even if you just land in the us on your way somewhere else you need to pay it . 
  well that 's how most votes happen , there is always a lot of misinformation , and crappy communication around buzzwords instead of things that matters . 
  we ca n't have two vote each time . 
  sure he could , but it 's still stupid to hold a second vote because you did n't like the first . 
  that was unexpected, 
  well , i guess we will keep cooperating only with the us . 
  well the urss was building a nuclear one but they forgot it in ukraine when it dissolved . 
  and ukrainians sold it as scrap metal , so no nuclear carrier for russia . 
  i thought the f35 could land on our carriers ? 
  ca n't wait to see those at air shows . 
  it 's really not about need for most gun owners , they just like having them like someone collecting cars . 
  i 'm fine with needing a permit , and mental health check before you can buy anything , but restrictions further than that are of no use , it 's saying that you trust someone to have something but not the other just because medias made a lot of noise about it . 
  agreed , i think it 's prety much the way to go ; does n't restricts you too much , but discourage crazies from using firearms . 
  yeah but it 's not because criminals ca n't get guns , it 's more because in most countries in europe your punishment for a crime is harsher if you have a gun than if not . 
  so why take the risk of having more jail time for robing that guy with a gun when you can do that with a bat or your bare hands and risk a lighter sentence ? 
  i think he does mean criminals in this post . 
  let 's not forget that there is quite a few warning before it comes to that . 
  yeah it 's pretty standard tactics to disperse a protest turning violent . 
  how long ago was that ? 
  he has n't moved in a while now . 
  that 's english cuisine for you, 
  undeclared offshore accounts , maybe he did do some mercenary work after all . 
  never gets old . 
  that dude just staying there and staring makes me laugh every-time .
