  kind of the reason he did n't get his campaign funding reimbursed by the state . 
  it 's not burnt it 's just well coocked !, 
  not just the italians , pretty much every communist party in europe got funds from the ussr , the french party bought a huge qg with it . 
  not open source , free to use . 
  patents are open by definition . 
  it would have to be the green ( left - ecologist ) , and they hardly got the 5 % of the votes necessary to get your campain expenses refunded , or the modem ( centre ) but they have n't really grown since the creation of the party in 2007 and are n't polling well . 
  thanks for posting , that 's a good view of the situation . 
  i swear i am not !, 
  our primaries need way less money than yours so it 's not usually the problem , it 's more about media coverage . 
  did n't think of her , i have n't seen any case incriminating her but to be honest it would be a surprise if she makes it past the primaries . 
  pretty much of all the right wing candidate at the moment had a corruption case , cop\u00e9 was in bed with an arm dealer ( actually the one who was selling french stuff to gadafi ) , jupp\u00e9 employed people for non existing jobs ( even thought he did n't actually made money from that , he had a few month in jail and ineligibility for 5 years ) , and sarkozy , well you know . 
  so , jupp\u00e9 is pretty much the least worst here , the ps is doomed because no one wants hollande for fours more years and he stills want do represent them . 
  and then you have le pen that get her money from russia in return for recognizing crimea as russian . 
  i like to laugh at the american elections but man , it sucks here too . 
  it does , but to be honest i do n't think we really can have a perfect solution on that issue . 
  i think it 's a great way to push for organs donations without being as extreme as this opt out thing . 
  well it 's not like it depends on your status , it 's just something you choose , unlike taxes where you pay either more or less taxes and you ca n't really help it . 
  it makes it your choice with a bonus if you opt-in . 
  pretty sure it was n't a loan , gadaffi just bought his way off the ` terrorist states ' list france has , so he could buy weapons ( and most importantly surveillance systems ) . 
  now that 's integration !, 
  yeah the yellow crescent comment is stupid , they are precisely wearing something that show their religion already . 
  at least in france it 's on the front page of apple.fr, 
  thanks , my brain did n't notice it was in french . 
  pretty much . 
  i read it too , and yeah , pretty much the same bullshit they have been saying before ( we have r&d in the us , we should pay taxes there , bla bla bla . 
  if you do n't like it do n't sell here . ), 
  i 'm not their customer , i just wondered if they would try to start a public outcry that way so i went to check , and there it is on their front page . 
  and they are complaining [ on their website ] ( http://www.apple.com/fr/customer-letter/ ) , their mistake is thinking their customers will read it . 
  it 's not a `` bavure '' ( i do n't know the word for that either ) as the officer did n't do it knewingly , it 's just that flash balls are not a risk free thing , and there is a small chance of it landing in you eyes , but it happens to one person pretty much everytime . 
  if she get to 2nd turn , and she probably will given the current candidates , it will end up with everyone against her , like chirac against her father . 
  this makes him look like a portuguese hollande . 
  thanks , looks like a good fit for the post . 
  so , what 's good / bad about that guy ? 
  they shoot straight as long as you do n't put 2000 rounds in full auto without stopping . 
  for now there is n't real alternatives to netflix , but in the future it will surely be the same thing . 
  european law forbid them to extradite someone if there is a chance that he gets the death penalty or torture , and here there is quite a chance , so greece ca n't . 
  he pretty much wanted to have as little tension as possible with turkey , but by abiding to all their request like giving turkey the coup ploters that went to greece in an helicopter . 
  he was , it 's not actually the east part but it needs some investment . 
  for french it 's mostly about the `` stage '' part , hollande said he did n't want to give them that recognition . 
  i just find it interesting that despite passing mass surveillance laws , terrorist , yet again , are shown to communicate through unencrypted mediums , here text message , and do not attract suspicion . 
  well it 's supposed to be an allied territory , but we can sure hope so . 
  if they use a diesel generator it 's not going to last for a long time without oil supply . 
  it 's probably 0123456789 now, 
  well it 's not like erdogan would n't reinstate it , they got rid of it to get in the eu , and that 's not happening anymore . 
  but anyway , in most coup you put the death penalty on the leaders , the rest is only following orders . 
  they wo n't keep them all in jail but they will probably be sacked . 
  yes that 's it . 
  but then why did he defend that downing that that plane was right so much ? 
  guy change his version when it suits him . 
  they probably have a romanian/bulgarian pasport so they will be deported back to europe . 
  works fine as long as it 's not on strike and no one jumps on the tracks , or even if someone forgot his bag somewhere . 
  read the scans , it 's not about a auperstate but about more coop\u00e9ration on military , justice and taxation . 
  no it does n't , it just push for a common one and more cooperation between states . 
  every penal lawyer in the ue must be screaming at the `` harmonization of member states criminal law '' bit . 
  yeah the us is not our problem , he is . 
  eh , they worked with nazis , why not isis ? 
  not really worse . 
  the thing is , a company nightmare is getting stuck paying people it does n't need . 
  removing that risk can and will get them to create more job , they will still need permanent workers but should be able to film the gaps . 
  well , it 's an election , so you have to choose one in the few available , and too bad for you if it 's just crappy corrupt unions ( see cgt [ `` caisse noire '' ] ( http://www.cgt.fr/affaire-de-la-caisse-noire-de-l.html ) , that they denied until the people responsible were condemned for it ) . 
  plus , this is an election with 5 million people voting out of 12\u00a0755\u00a0317 registered . 
  that 's pretty much 12 % of the french population . 
  no worries , i studied this a few years ago , and yeah , you said quite a few of the reasons . 
  another major one seemed to be that people think of unions as extremists , and so do n't get it , thus only more political people get in , pretty much a vicious cycle . 
  hey i was wrong , no need to be a dick about it . 
  8 % is still really low , and still does n't represent the french population . 
  pretty much . 
  last time i checked something like 1 % of french were unionized , so they hardly represent anything . 
  edit : as / u/nico2845 , its 7-8 % , not 1 % . 
  still , it 's really low . 
  edit 2 : thanks to / u/olivbad below with [ this document ] ( http://travail-emploi.gouv.fr/img/pdf/modifie.pdf ) , you can see that the cgt is the major union in france . 
  voted for in an election with of 12 million registered voters , with 42,78 % of participation . 
  let 's have fun , we got more or less 60 millions of french . 
  that leaves you with unions voted for by 12 % of french , with 1 355 927 vote for the cgt , so the cgt represent 2.25 % of the french population , or , with an active population of 28.6 millions , 5 % of it . 
  same thing , there are some stupid ( wich value is important in the uk ; extremism , intolerance , individual liberty or slavery ? ), 
  questions but i expected something a bit easier . 
  yeah we got more french stuff , mostly crap , on radios . 
  eh , people having more kids because it brings in more benefits are not really the one you want to have more kids ... 
  sure you would be on a list , and the police will only see it after you explode your thingie because the list is just too big to be usefull . 
  yeah looking at the us to say `` guns are bad '' is as stupid as it gets . 
  they have a huge education and mentality problem , not really a gun one . 
  nice summary , thanks . 
  i do , thanks . 
  no , one of the guys from the paris attacks was captured in belgium . 
  from what i 've seen he would be for personal liberties , as long as you do n't start a business . 
  but yeah the euroscepticism and his economic plans are not for me . 
  the left still does but the only relevant guy they have ( m\u00e9lenchon ) is an eurosceptic . 
   i want all those compagnies to be obligated to give us any information they have , without being able to call god knows what technical difficulty or principles of neutrality and liberty . 
  the danger is extreme , it needs to disapear and i will be of the most extreme firmness on the matter '', 
  both of those are pretty good choices too . 
  oh yes it is . 
  see france unemployment agency making people go for bullshit internships to get them off the stats . 
  they make pretty good cheese in there . 
  eh , iirc they shut down exchanges of francs ( our old currency ) in 2012 . 
  probably not at launch , but you will get internet made ones soon enough . 
   a 50 km stretch on some canal in france with the canal on your right and rape fields on the left pls no rape fields, 
  probably , people who voted valls probably already vote for macron now , and the rest of the people who vote macron do n't want anything to do with valls . 
  it 's why macron already announced that he will not get seats for valls and royal . 
  it 's bad for macron because valls represents the current gov and passed pretty impopular laws . 
  so much that macron has already said that he will not get valls in his gov , as he does n't intend to `` recycle the trash from the ps '' .
