  and taxes and customs will happen , because there is no customs union without the eu , unless the eu and uk can agree on one . 
  well , see , the un security council is a toothless joke ignored at will , if they ever come to a common denominator , as for nukes , please , just dont . 
  dont be the second kim . 
  dont be second best korea . 
  you dont want that . 
  you would just be ignored . 
  look at the ukraine . 
  they face the country with most of them . 
  or georgia a couple of years back . 
  giving 0 shits . 
  nukes are just to scare others away . 
  cause if you use a single one against someone else , all the other nuke powers will make sure hell vomits its intestines out above your head . 
  in a worst case scenario your economy might not be in the top 50 given how dependent it is on the eu , it will be gone along with the financial center . 
  if it goes worst case , the uk will no longer provide international aid , but receive it . 
  as for your cultural influence , ive got bad news . 
  its american influence now , so unless you count england already as a colony of the us , nobody cares . 
  the soft and hard power are both in decline ( did you know the us had to help you out with ordnance against gadaffi ) , and the uk has no capabilities to operate on a longer range without the us . 
  its time for enland to wake up . 
  the way i see it , the english suffer from the same as austrians did post wwi . 
  an empire collapsed , to a fraction of its former self . 
  with gb having the benefit of having its economy working . 
  but the times , when you stood alone , influencing the world , its over . 
  just open your eyes . 
  outside of the uk , when cameron or any other member of the uk gov. 
  comment anything , 9 of 10 times its barely worth an article , certainly no headline . 
  when the uk demands anything , who cares ? 
  france has more influence , political and with soft and hard power then gb , as they have proven in africa . 
  there are only two ways for europe . 
  alone and weak , and that includes the uk , or strong together . 
  there is no middle way . 
  its not dramatic , while nobody can say for sure what the future brings , at least two of the big banks already announced their relocation to hamburg in case of an brexit , and for the others its predicted just the same by pretty much every economist and investor already over a year back ( i remember reading a good article in the new york times then ) . 
  why is simple to explain . 
  the reason they are in the uk in the first place is the access to the eu market . 
  but why the uk ? 
  because form all the nations in the eu they have the most favourable legal/tax background for financial institutes . 
  subsidiaries wont do , for the same reason they arent handling it with subsidiaries in the uk and the base of operation in their own countries . 
  but lets say the uk leaves the eu . 
  that cuts the access for the institutes to the entire eu market , their second biggest worldwide . 
  so they will move back in the eu . 
  thats why it will be most likely frankfurt ( already important finacial place ) or dublin ( almost as favourable conditions as in england ) . 
  nobody can realy say what will happen . 
  but id guess the impact would be devastating . 
  just read how important the financial sector is for london , england , the uk . 
  uks single biggest contributor of taxes evaporates , leaving unemployed and collapsing companies that relied on the finance sector behind it . 
  add taxes and customs for exports and imports to the eu , in a crumbling economy and the pound in freefall . 
  thats not a downwards spiral , thats a full grown maelstrom . 
  a nice chain reaction . 
  no the city will not vanish . 
  england will not vanish . 
  but it will be hit by a crisis that makes the last one look tame , and the standard of living will significantly drop . 
  its somewhat ironic that the brits , so proud and insistent on as much autonomy from the eu as possible are maybe the country that is shackled thightest to it , by its economy - and the largest part of the population seems blissfully unaware . 
  i want the brits to stay . 
  i always loved england , i like returning there for vacation , its the country that ive visited more often then any other . 
  in addition to my own disposition to the country , for the eu as a whole it will be also painful . 
  the economies of ireland and germany might profit slightly from it , but the rest will feel it , especially france and the eastern european countries , and that in an ongoing crisis . 
  the idea of a united europe would be shaken even harder then it already is , and the eu would lose part of their influence on global politics . 
  i realy hope most brits arent as shortsighted as you are . 
  1 ) a brexit might leave to scottland leaving gb , also causing england to lose its oilfields 2 ) most important part : pretty much every international bank / insurance company / financial company with interest in the eu will relocate their basis of operation ( dublin or hamburg ) , or leave altogether . 
  and the bank and banking related sector is the single biggest contributor to englands gdp , employing a huge percentage of the population . 
  3 ) taxes and customs are back in trade with eu members , so is the restricted movement . 
  4 ) gb loses almost all its political influence . 
  face it . 
  no european country can stand alone against the big players of the 21st century . 
  at that point gb will have the choice to either become largely irrelevant , or accept a yoke from either the eu or the us . 
  https://i.imgur.com/rlmcgck.png ( the new formula also eases the process of defecation , but its not for the use with animals !! ), 
  salty as fuck . 
  maybe you should seek the tender administrations of your dog to calm down  ? 
  i wont tell !, 
  ( realy , at least be creative when you are butthurt . 
  you could have gone the extra mile to mention dungeons and kellers , that might have been funny ), 
  klaus barbie and his cronies beg to differ . 
  puts a darker shade on the nazi efforts for animal protection . 
  germany - scheisseporno ( shit porn [ scat ] ) lol and i always thought they had a thing for bestiality . 
  look at his posting history . 
  he seems to be french , but almost all he does on reddit is spam articles around `` austria-nazi '' all day , especially about the ( rightously , even if the case was handled dilettantish ) templ fraud case . 
  maybe a butthurt relative , friend or fan ? 
  check out his post history , are you surprised ? 
  hes french and yet all he does is all day is spam austria-nazi related articles on different subreddits . 
  most of them related to the fraud case of templ . 
  maybe a relative ? 
  the neos are basically bought polticians ( mainly bought from , so to say , the leftovers of the other parties , people they kicked or bullied out or went down or were neutralized in internal struggles ) , simmilar to the infamous `` team stronach '' , just for the neos its haselsteiner , and he took greater care in ensuring the loyality of his employees and in selecting them . 
  and he stays in the background , which is the most important part . 
  its even in their full name . 
  neos -- das neue \u00d6sterreich und liberales forum ( liberales forum was the party that haselsteiner paid before it , and it failed hard . 
  so he funded the neos and merged them ), 
  the \u00d6vp no longer , the neos only to an extent ( and they are going down like the lif ) , the sp\u00d6 is suspiciously quiet about it . 
  and that a party with the only program point `` stop immigration '' can double its votes , that tells more then a demo with at least 200000000000000000000000000000000000000 members ( as you can clearly see on the pics . 
  every pic not showing at least 5 trillion participants is clearly manipulated or made from an bad angle , or a different demo ), 
  picture is even titled schlusskundgebung . 
  keep playing blind . 
  lets just wait for sunday . 
  if you are right , die gr\u00fcnen should score ~ 20 %, 
  picture of the final speech at the destination of the demo : http://images03.kurier.at/46-73408064.jpg/156.423.400 wow such people many millions, 
  its a media trick , funny enough used only in austria . 
  no trick is too cheap to manipulate the people into thinking that the support for unrestricted immigration is huge ( and thus cowing them out of fear to be seen as racist , and even possible reprisal towards their career - or worse . 
  in ober\u00f6sterreich a nominee for the mayor of garsten had to go into hiding . 
  she received mails with threats against her life and family , and these mails included infos indicating she and her family got stalked , like her daily routine , what they ate , how long her kids played outside , and so on ) . 
  point is , the demonstration had no more then 20k participants ( police estimations , and those 20k were at the end of the demo , not during the walk . 
  seems less to me , here is an airial picture . 
  also note , that strange enough , although the austrian media likes to report the alleged 100.000 people there are almost no pictures of the demo from above .
