the opposite . 
  i think its time to start worrying . 
  reddit is mainly frequented by younger people , and they ( we ) are usually rather left/liberal . 
  even on r/austria , which id have called a fortress of `` die gr\u00fcnen '' when it comes to politics you are no longer downvoted to oblivion when posting critical towards immigration ( as long as its reasonable ), 
  for merkel sure better one in austria then one in germany . 
  will be interesting to see what happens next . 
  sounds completely unlogical . 
  1 ) im sure that with quotas hungary could get rid of a lot of refugees 2 ) it would only hit hungary , maybe czech [ but not in time for the vote ] if the refugees change their path , but thats it . 
  2 votes more ( austria would support quotas anyways ) . 
  merkel : all refugees are welcome , germany will accept all syrians !, 
  -  refugees hear it , massive rush on germany -  germany : oh shit thats a lot of them , and even more coming ? 
  how could that happen ? 
  why is nobody helping us ? 
  de maiziere : we close the borders . 
  ( lol fuck you all they are your problem now , : trollface : ), 
  some suggestions : negligent homicide in multiple cases , distrubance of the public order , instigation & complicity of criminal acts in ~ 1000 cases , criminal conspiracy , then add the bill for the greek and macedonian police and military and eventual bodily harm ( and idk what else , i dont know the greek & macedon laws ) , extradict them to macedonia , and let them rot there for the rest of their lives . 
  the demagogic bull aside , do you honestly believe that the us respects the safe harbour principles ? 
  some , especially smaller or uncooperative ( ironically i dont doubt thats those companies that refuse to simply forward what data they get ) companies might have to , but the gov and companies forwarding the data they collect to them wont give a shit about it . 
  nobody gives five cents for what the clown ( before the recent rift sometimes nicknamed as merkels mouthpiece ) that was unfortunately elected as our chancellor says . 
  even less in this regard . 
  most austrians already agreed with orbans fence when it was proposed for the first time . 
  at least three migrants drowned while trying to cross a river , they should extradict those responsible for the flyers to macedonia so they can imprison them for negligent homicide in addition to other possible charges . 
  ( also , once again prove that its the promise of open borders that kills , not closing them . ), 
  we just wanted you to hang out with us : , 
  good . 
  its about time . 
  but im curious about what berlin will say to bavaria joining our ranks . 
  from what i could find in the local media ( today ) : de maizi\u00e8re said that the `` bordermanagement '' might possibly have consequences `` if some countries ( only austria realy . 
  balkans are too mean and scary for germany . 
  too bad germany already went to far ) try to sove shared problems unilaterally on the back of germany ( cause thats not what germany tries at all ) '' . 
  according to our media that article above isnt quite right , they say that the balkan states and austria agreed upon a joint control & registration of refugees from iraq , syria and afghanistan . 
  serbia ( only them so far ) also said that they also agreed to only let refugees from warzones to continue ( seems like this excludes afghans and iraqis ) . 
  mikl-leitner said that austria sticks with letting 3200 refugees a day enter so that they can continue their way to germany , austria will accept no more then 80 claims a day , but that will not be enough and the number will see further reduction ( guess thats a fuck you as answer to de maizi\u00e8res threats ) . 
  but thats what makes it so perfect . 
  as bridge between east and west we are both . 
  we can be evil western colonial opressor racists , and sinister eastern european racists !, 
  we even have a squeezebox and lots of serbians . 
  still not eastern enough ? 
  we have europes biggest diaspora of tchechens . 
  and we invented zionism !, 
  top comedy . 
  `` slovenia is a victim of austria '' well they could have added `` and austria is a victim of germany '' but using the same line twice gets old i guess . 
  and since the last time it was used somewhat prematurely , maybe they wait for a closer inspectation ? 
  junker '' i dont like the austrian decision '' oh glorious comerade great beloved dictator junker doesnt like that . 
  time to change it . 
  `` the discussions at the meeting would have shown that the transit countries would be regarded as destination countries and do not want to accept that , said an eu diplomat . '', 
  well , we asked , the balkans dont want them , germany also started sending them back in masses , austria it is then . 
  good thing we dont have to ask them , lol . 
  ( also very wierd . 
  all of the balkan countries seem to actually agree with austria and do the same ) thats also a great laugh : `` vulnerable should not travel to the country of their choice . '', 
  better late then never , right ? 
  does anyone know if they attached a request for austria to forward the letter to the others on the route ? 
  well , at least the problem with the `` refugees '' that germany sends back in the thousands seems to be solved . 
  someone should hand a copy of that letter to the german border police . 
  sooooooooo what would you all bet ? 
  eu sanctions yes or no ? 
  will we see a change in the list of the axis of evil ? 
  can austria reclaim its lost title of the worlds most villainous country from current holder poland ? 
  i realy hope the whole article is out of context or miserably translated . 
  thats those accepted , not those claimed . 
  that number was ~ 90.000 last year , more then 1 % of austrias total residents , with a not disclosed number between 100.000-160 .000 refugees in the country . 
  according to the german ministry for migration & refugees ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) they had 476.649 claims last year . 
  so austria had twice as much requests per inhabitant then germany had . 
  changed `` request '' to `` claim '' since that seems to have caused confusion . 
  dont even start . 
  considering it was germany that got them to come . 
  ( dont even try with `` but faymann too '' . 
  nobody gives a shit what merkels sockpuppet says with his constant idiotic halfgrin , nobody heard him . 
  they dont chant `` austria austria '' they dont say austria invited them , they dont `` thank '' faymann . 
  hell , a lot of them dont know what austria is . 
  and the largest part of the rest think its a balkan country like those they already passed . 
  and its not austria that has the political weight and influence to set this shit right , so quit your bitching ) considering that germany just started to send them back in the thousands , without any offer to help . 
  considering that germany on top of those they started to send ~ 300 refugees daily back right at the border , without consent on it ( or help , who would have guessed ) . 
  and again , all help that comes from germany is critic against the plans to close up together with mazedonia , and blowing sugar ( eu money ) so deep up erdogans arse that he coughs cotton candy while spending that money on everything he wants except refugee control ( all that in total disregard that tukey was never weaker and erdogan managing to get turkey into total dependency of the eu ) . 
  better one country gets fucked up then 5-6 . 
  but no , the real solution would be closing the border together , as far out as possible - so yes , including greece . 
  to get this done all it would take is germanys aid . 
  and merkel putting pressure on turkey , instead of trying to bribe erdogan so he can laugh his ass off , spend the money on a new ugly as shit palace and do nothing for it . 
  turkey is isolated and without a friend in the world close enough to be of any good use to them . 
  they fucked up all their relations . 
  even russia hates them now . 
  so what are they going to do if the eu threatens to stop giving them aid , and cut down the economic ties ? 
  its a thousand time less damaging for the eu economy then the cut with russia was , so yes , that can be easily done . 
  well thats germany for you . 
  right now they send every tenth migrant at the border right back to austria ( not including those that they send back later ) . 
  but yes , leave the flood gates open . 
  let them come to germany , they are going to make sure every refugee has a place to stay everywhere , but in germany ofc . 
  i guess all that merkel wants by now is simply to piss everyone else off until someone starts to close up , and then preach from the moral highground of not being the one closing down . 
  since i made the comment , yes its for me to decide what i want to say . 
  if you have a problem with the article itself , or the other commenters , make your own comment , but dont try to hijack unrelated comments of others . 
  and how exactly do you see me connecting the flawed law and their `` race '' ? 
  save that selfrighteous outrage for where it fits , will you ? 
  sippenhaft would be if you imprison their families along with them . 
  by now there seems no doubt that this entire monstrosity was planned , they acted as organized group . 
  if you are an accomplice in a crime , you deserve to be treated as one . 
  almost all newspapers with an article about it noted that it will be almost impossible to bring anyone to trial as they cant pinpoint who participated in which assault if at all . 
  another `` victory '' for justice / s. 
  they should just imprison the scum as members of a criminal organisation and participants in multiple cases of theft and sexual assaults , and at least one rape , and an open case against unknown main culprits . 
  as for asylum seekers ( or those that already got it ) , afaik rape is a crime severe enough to immediately deny right for asylum without consideration of the background , and justify immediate deportation , at least in austria ( \u00a7 6 & 7 asylg . 
  completely controlled by the two main parties , news so manipulated youd think you watch north korean tv , corrupt to the core ( thats how they can get so hard in debt even with the millions they get ) , outdated us shows on eternal repeat & the occasional self made program so bad it induces embarrassment to just watch it ( but its cheap , like the old us shows .
