  the money is needed to pay off the wage for paper pusher posts given to friends & family of party members , at twice the wage thats average in the industry , an own studio for each federal state [ of course each with an own complete management ] and so on ) talking about the orf , austria . 
  with the shortened procedure it shouldnt be necessary to house and supply them for too long , and the guards are already required right now . 
  overall it would be much cheaper . 
  after all , its not just housing and food . 
  add ( in austria especially ) medical care , education ( welt.de had an article today , 50 % of the refugees are poorly educated , 16 % are illiterate , another 8 % never attended any school , 34,5 % only elementary school . 
  21,6 % have simple , 11,1 % full secondary education , and tertiary education 8,9 % . 
  and , this is to be taken with a grain of salt . 
  as a bavarian policemen said it : `` we have so many doctors here , all of syria must have attended a medical university '' . 
  social services , child support , ( unemployment ) benefits , even if they are well educated and realy lucky it will take months , maybe years until they can work , and whats with the uneducated ? 
  and , for the country , as written before , the one from which they entered the eu . 
  in this case , turkey . 
  and if they deny it ? 
  the eu is the worlds biggest market . 
  it should be easy to have a committee evaluate which solution is better for the eu in short and long term . 
  then either find an agreement with turkey ( just as merkel tries now ) for economic/development aid and european help with the refugee centers ( and , once the eu agreed on a feasible quota , establish an application center from which the ones wishing to go to the eu can apply legally ) , or force them into submission by use of economic sanctions ( the committee can also calculate how far they should go ) . 
  the time was never better , erdogan in his growing delusions of grandeur isolated turkey . 
  the former friendship to israel is ruined , against almost all the other states of the arabic peninsula the relations are strained - at best , either due to religious differences , or because of powerplays . 
  russia , almost an ally ( to the everlasting irritation of the us ) is now an enemy . 
  ( far fetched [ fantasy ] scenario ahead ! ), 
  and if they would still refuse , what would keep the eu from , so to say , copying the boats ? 
  sending declined refugees back with a ship - guarded by frontex from sea and air . 
  what could they do but sending warnings to leave , and being subsequently ignored ( like the incident with the patrolling chopper 2009 ) ? 
  actively help them to the eu border ? 
  they already do , frontex documented it , also 2009 . 
  no he will now follow the second standard action of the average austrian politician : duck and cover for a few weeks . 
  austrian politicians do not step down . 
  not because they are brave and want to face their mistakes and correct them , they just dont want to leave a job with little work and great pay . 
  there is even a ( i think its originally austrian ) word for them : sesselpicker [ without dialect sesselkleber ] `` someone sticking/glued to his chair '' . 
  the tragedy of the austrian politics is that the circumstances allowed for failure to breed even more failure . 
  at some point someone must have decided that the his best chance to stay in absolute power of his party was to promote spineless worms with less skill then himself , so they would have to depend on him , and bullied everyone else out . 
  and his protegees did the same , and then theirs , and theirs , and so on , increasing corruption , and leaving each coming generation less capable , more cowardly , and lazier . 
  so today there is a grinsekanzler ( literally grinningchancelor , as he almost always shows his `` special '' grin ) faymann , who managed to rise to this post , thanks to his benefactor h\u00e4upl , after a long and successful career of doing as little as possible ( also thx to h\u00e4upl ) in state owned organizations without being absent 24/7 . 
  what could describe him better then these two little anecdotes : until 2012 his curriculum vitae listed , under professional education `` study of law at the university of vienna '' . 
  then in 2012 a journalist confronted him during the traditional , so called `` sommergespr\u00e4che '' with the question why hes listing it - when , while he did enroll , he only ever visited the information lecture , and never attended , leave alone passed , a single test . 
  turned out he worked as taxi driver the entire time ( no joke , that realy happened !! ) . 
  ( he comes without an opionion to me , and leaves with mine ) . 
  or take our president . 
  first , the president of austria is completely useless , its basically `` travel around the world and get gifts from foreign dignitaries '' . 
  during his entire political career he shined with ... nothing . 
  bruno kreisky , austrias maybe most famous socialist , who was said to having disliked him , ( allegedly ) said : `` aus dem heinzi wird noch was . 
  ( heinzi will be going places . 
  whenever things get difficult , hes on the toilet , and back no sooner then after the end of the affair ) . 
  two good ( maybe a bit lacking on the corruption side , but who knows what might still be discovered ) examples of the great men and women leading austria, 
  why are you even asking ? 
  havent you heard that all the well educated workers and scientists we could ever need are currently arriving in spielfeld ? 
  borders and law are to be defended by the means aviable and appropriate . 
  and i doubt its harder . 
  just look at the news right now . 
  and look how the right wing all across europe is getting a kickstart . 
  and id rather not see them anywhere near power ( especially in austria , considering what an obscene amount of financial damage they managed to create within so little time ) and even if they manage to force their way in , they are to be detained , an possible asylum request denied , under \u00a7 4 of the austrian asylum legislation , ( eventually 4a and \u00a7 6 , 3 ) , or the dublin regulations . 
  and the loophole that \u00a7 9 , 2 isnt part of \u00a7 6 is to be closed ( as is with all loopholes , as they render the law in its intention impotent , just look at the new eu law to net neutrality ) , should include delicts , and should be not just limited to the country of origin , but to the country trough which the border ( eu would be better then national ) was crossed ( with the same conditions applying to the border country as to the country of origin ) . 
  the eu and its members have to stop caring about that . 
  worldwide , nobody comes close to what the eu does for refugees . 
  yes , the eversame hopeless dreamers of an `` utopia '' ( dystopia , actually , if you think about it ) consisting of humans as similar to one another as ants will start to wail even louder as they always do anyways . 
  and sure , other countries representatives will jump at the chance to gloat . 
  but first , who cares ? 
  how does it affect us the least bit ? 
  second , who in the entire world has the right to ? 
  some countries might even spend more , like japan , maybe the us ( but im realy not sure ) , but how many are they taking ? 
  others are countries where refugees are coming from , or despicable dictatures like saudi arabia so what the hell , who cares what the gov of a country still beheading and crucifying people think ? 
  and countries like turkey and libanon might take more refugees at the moment , but under what conditions are they keeping them ? 
  the uno ? 
  please , where is the uno in the refugee crisis ? 
  where was the uno when it could have been prevented ? 
  this ineffective , corruption ridden parking garage for pushed off politicians only achievement in the entire crisis was already critizing the eu , so whatever , let them cry some more . 
  and what is any of this compared to the strain , financially & in regards of integration , the breakdown of the eu , either by the tensions rising ( just look at slovenia vs croatia , or bavaria vs austria ( and berlin , since they also start to cry out against merkel ) , sweden vs finland ) , or because the rightwing gets a massive push all across europe ? 
  and nothing of it has to be done !, 
  the refugees are coming from safe countries into the eu ( via turkey ) , or cross them ( most of them , anyways , if they come via the mediterranean ) . 
  have you ever heard this german proverb : `` nicht alles was hinkt ist ein vergleich '' . 
  it literally translates as : '' not everything that limps is an analogy '' , since in german a poor analogy is sometimes described as `` limping '' . 
  going by that , yours isnt even limping , its outright paraplegic . 
  there is a difference between the laws of an opressive dictature or that of a a democratic member of the eu . 
  yes . 
  riot police , tear gas , water cannons , and rubber bullets . 
  its simple , the law is to be followed by everyone . 
  if you would try to walk into junckers rooms , the police would tell you to go ( or just arrest you ) . 
  if you still try , they will hold you off and detain you . 
  if you use force , so will they , up to lethal one . 
  one of the basic duties of the state is it to uphold law and order , and protect its borders . 
  all three are being broken there , and the police should be reminded that its their responsibility to restore and secure them . 
  yes, 
  well you undeniably got a good point there , even if i wouldnt agree to all of it . 
  now its up to you brits to decide , and ill go ahead and hope you stay , while you , id guess , will hope & vote for a separation . 
  and we opressed you all equally  , 
  thats the point . 
  its about peer pressure , but one claiming that the eu wants to destroy the british , their independence and their identity . 
  and if economic and politic reasons are not good enough for you , then what is ? 
  see i understand you are afraid . 
  but it would be much better to just face your fears , overcome this pointless antipathy , accept the eu and try to improve it , instead of trying to leave and failing alone , while repeating the same mantras over and over again , even after you have been proven wrong , as if just wishing hard enough would make it real . 
  the only reason why they are in england in the first place , is because 1 ) access to the eu market 2 ) best conditions for them inside of the eu , thanks to the deregulated market . 
  now take away the access to the eu . 
  what will happen ? 
  indeed the scots will decide . 
  cause the british bankers ' associations chief executive anthony browne already informed that banks are prepareing or at least making plans to leave the uk , some did already ( but not due to the possible brexit [ alone ] danger , but due to tax raises ) . 
  i take it you rely on the statement given by goldman sachs , jpmorgan , bank of america merrill lynch and morgan stanley early this year . 
  well , you shouldnt . 
  more and more banks made it public , among them the deutsche bank ( after all the second largest of the eu ) , and , yes , by now , also the , whos surprised , bank of america and morgan stanley . 
  these two announced prepareing plans to move to ireland . 
  here , financial times source : http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/9b555ed6-25f1-11e4-8bb5-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3p8igtwiu `` i 'd be amazed if every bank does n't at least have a working paper discussion on it as it would simply be remiss not to '' an senior banker who wants to stay anonymous , to reuters uk . 
  that the uk is 20 % of the common market will only hurt it even more .
