  if you want to find out more you are best off go on news.google.ie, 
  considering there 's a huge corruption scandal in ireland at the moment we definitely need to join a european federation . 
  someone pretending they are homeless before getting on a train and doing the same shit somewhere else before getting picked up by another roma . 
  some of them are fine though . 
  i did n't actually know that was tomorrow . 
  in ireland people are very positive about kurds . 
  there 's a town called carrick on shannon in the west which has many kurdish refugees . 
  many of them go for a couple of months back to iraq to fight for the peshmerga against isil . 
  erdogan is now one of the best known world leaders in ireland after his recent purge . 
  everyone is pissed off him rather bombing the kurds than isil . 
  not one irish person likes erdogan . 
  so basically love to kurdistan from ireland . 
  it 's just quite long winded and for example german is long winded but it 's very similar to english . 
  buzzfeed is hated on youtube . 
  bus , tram , suburban train , ic train, 
  our teachers are highly overpaid so you 'll need to lure them with some fat cash . 
  it 's hard to pronounce but estonian is much harder . 
  we eat baked and potatoes boiled with the skins on . 
  why are you going after my comments anyways ? 
  plenty of christians believe the exact same . 
  you post in r/polacks for fuck sake . 
  oh you 're the new account of jay o ' c and dick mc . 
  you post to a subreddit that is dedicated to racism against poles for god sake so i do n't think i can call you a european as you do n't uphold european values . 
  reddit 's a goldmine for muh heritage . 
  we ( as europeans . ), 
  genuinely do n't give a fuck about heritage . 
  say braydon from alabama and ali from pakistan walk into a caf\u00e9 . 
  if ali has been living in x country since he was 3 years old and is a citizen of x and pays taxes and has integrated into society he is from x. 
  if braydon 's great great great great uncle through marriage was from there he is not from x country . 
  wahabbi islam is the westboro baptist church of islam . 
  the average muslim is n't as brainwashed as a scientologist . 
  they 're probably on instagram or something . 
  i suppose not many irish people will come into this thread as we only use the word expats about 65 + sunseekers . 
  it 's impossible in ireland . 
  i thought the exact same . 
  what belgium has done is completely correct . 
  i guess you are salty over your favourite subreddit getting banned . 
  i 'd say 1/2 or 2/5 of people do n't know who conor mcgregor is . 
  i 'd say it would be him or bob geldof . 
  living : it 's going to be to do with music . 
  dead : oscar wilde , james joyce or someone like that . 
  white trash have black american names . 
  mainly irish travellers . 
  ( i 've heard travellers called shaniqua , beyonce and la keesha before . ), 
  it 's hard to find a brand here considering we 're a very competitive market . 
  turks and syrians are half middle eastern and half european . 
  there should be mosques for the more liberal arab communities from the levant . 
  i know a good bit about saudi arabia because my dad worked there . 
  public executions used to be the entertainment of the locals in riyadh . 
  ( still the case according to amnesty international . ), 
  to get a driving license you got a blood test and obviously women could n't drive . 
  it was also normal to have young boys driving big enough cars . 
  ( seemingly it is still the case . ), 
  saudi arabia . 
  the country sets up wahabbi mosques to fuck up our countries by trying to convert moderate muslims to the westboro baptist church of islam , except on a huge scale . 
  women are n't treated as humans . 
  executions happen all the time . 
  the express is worse than the daily fail and the s * n. 
  we can not into nordic as we only use card usually for purchases of $ 100 / $ 150 +, 
  that 's because united and everton have huge followings in ireland . 
  wagwan what mandem you in . 
  not really as the guards will take away your drink and probably drink it themselves when they get home . 
  wagwan burger sauce is the pengest sauce there is . 
  when i go to mcdonalds with the mandem i have it on a mccruncher burger . 
  ( it 's ketchup and mayonnaise mixed together . 
  sorry for my shite attempt at speaking roadman . ), 
  anyways we have pickled onion . 
  yeah . 
  i suppose we are a team sport country . 
  in europe we are into tolerance and equality between races , ages , religions and genders . 
  we are against social inequality . 
  in america some people do n't seem to give a fuck about inequality . 
  they are into having the freedom to have a confederate flag on top of their cadillac and have a kalashnikov in their coat pocket . 
  mate look at chicago or detroit or somewhere in the south and answer back to me . 
  it is n't as big as the world cup or the euros . 
  boxing , basketball , volleyball , the u-23 soccer and athletics are what people seem to watch in the olympics . 
  man like willne . 
  all of them . 
  because i 'm fucking sheldon cooper in real life . 
  they 're quite shite in fairness as youtubers . 
  most irish people mainly watch english youtubers due to how shite our own ones are . 
  san escobar 's a beautiful country . 
  only country to recognise roadmen and gopniks as ethnic groups . 
  i 'd much prefer to be a part of fucking north korea than the british empire shite . 
  they close the roads here around stadiums when there 's big matches on and for parades , air shows and everything . 
  by the way europe is not like iraq or syria with terror attacks . 
  but english is still our main official language . 
  lidl and aldi . 
  primark ( or penneys as they 're called in ireland . ), 
  is quite cheap but stuff is bad quality . 
  you 're better off go to a more expensive retailer such as m&s , next or dunnes stores for value as the clothes last longer . 
  ( dunnes stores is only in ireland and spain though . ), 
  but france is a special case because it has been secular for such a long time . 
  we just fight with the 65 soldiers of iceland . 
  i 'd say going from least religious to most religious in europe it is : anglican lutheran calvinist catholic orthodox, 
  they 're all really common . 
  i suppose western and northern europe . 
  r/ireland seems to want to stay neutral so it 's looking like i 'm going to have to claim asylum somewhere . 
  jaysus swedish and irish cuisine are as similar as hell . 
  in ireland it 's west to east .
