  fuck is like bre in serbian or shalom in hebrew . ), 
  if you do n't have kids you are a fucking bastard who is going to decrease our population . 
  the culture of complaining . 
  something is bad and you have to complain about . 
  something is your own fault and you have to complain about it making it seem like someone else did something terrible . 
  ireland is quite shit for women 's rights but sexual harassment is embedded in much of spanish society . 
  i 'm a man and women should be able to campaign for equality just like anyone should be able to . 
  basically yes . 
  he did n't know he would become the king of memes and would have a love-hate relationship with nigel farage . 
  the brazilian police emails that were released the other day show that he did tell marcus evans that he could sell the tickets illegally . 
  the international media seems to have lost interest in it but it is only behind the italian earthquake as the top story on the news here in ireland . 
  the head of the european olympic committee and the olympic council of ireland who illegally sold tickets that the irish delegation to the olympics had been allocated . 
  corruption . 
  ( i 'm talking to you pat hickey . ), 
  i do agree with the op about the island thing . 
  thank god ireland does not have it . 
  [ this is what jean claude juncker plays in his office so i suppose this is the theme song of europe . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzpkdb2fseg ), 
  for feck sake it 's fecking normal to curse in public . 
  your a shite licking bastard if you do n't . 
  well i suppose it was all over half or more of europe but for some reason we take it more seriously and are more ashamed of it . 
  most sjws do n't believe in that . 
  it 's like saying that donald trump believes in white supremacy . 
  he does n't he just wants to stop illegal immigration into the us . 
  magdalene laundries and the catholic church shite . 
  no people in ireland would let a traveller anywhere near their house . 
  they rip off elderly people and bring them to the atm and force them to withdraw money . 
  you are very welcome . 
  i 'm just playing on the mongol meme . 
  irish people are supposedly the `` blacks of europe . '', 
  well i suppose the finns are asian scandinavians . 
  what can you see in the picture are the upper and lower lakes of glendalough . 
  glendalough itself is an ancient monastic settlement , which is served by regular bus service from dublin . 
  here 's a picture of the monastery . 
  only in german class . 
  most of the stuff sjws do is just normal stuff in europe . 
  being pro-gun control , anti-racism , pro- feminism and anti-death penalty is normal in 90 % of europe . 
  ireland : football , gaelic football , hurling , rugby . 
  that 's in order of popularity . 
  [ wicklow mountains national park ] ( http://img2.thejournal.ie/article/2392412/river?version=2392485&amp;width=630 ), 
  i do n't think anyone is not innocent when they are that age . 
  well in ireland multiculturalism has been positive . 
  there are no ghettos or anything . 
  the culture and politics of different countries . 
  people laugh at when some non-europeans can not point to most european countries . 
  what is more important than if they can pinpoint luxembourg or kosovo on a map is that they know about a country 's culture . 
  it may be amazing those kids in that american national geographic geography spelling bee can say where the gulf of bothnia or what the longest river of cyprus is but it is more important than everyone understands different cultures . 
  well a lot of erdogan 's voters will be dead soon . 
  ( same as most of the shite politicians around . ), 
  ireland 's quite laid back . 
  we did n't do any colonial shite . 
  people are laid back but stuff seems to go on in a lot of places . 
  it 's not that boring of a place to live . 
  immigrants who come here to work our minimum wage jobs . 
  nice place to go on city breaks in cities like bratislava and krakow . 
  right-wing and homogeneous like ireland was 15-20 years ago or more . 
  irish politicians are corrupt . 
  the most recent one was alan shatter resigning for shite going on with the guards . 
  we make fun of the english tabloids and their football team . 
  i 'll do the centre of dublin as most suburbs of dublin are separate towns . 
  cheap : abrakebabra , supermac 's ( i 'll do moderate as i do n't know about expensive . ), 
  moderate : alliance francaise , tolteca, 
  most turks are secular or moderate muslims . 
  until the akp got in power turkey was going to be one of the eu 's next members . 
  now it will take 100 years unless the akp get put to bed . 
  hot drink and pastry culture . 
  it may be tea or coffee , a croissant or a cinnamon roll or a scone but we all sit down and chat and eat them in a caf\u00e9 or somewhere with friends or family . 
  sms , viber , snapchat , whatsapp , skype skype and sms are top here . 
  in ireland he would be fairly middle of the road like the current fianna f\u00e1il party is . 
  we have very few jews left as most have gone to the us or israel . 
  ( the catholic church were anti-semitic . ), 
  irish people are very pro-palestine but not many are anti-semitic apart from jokes about big noses and a love of money . 
  i have only seen a kippah once in ireland and that was worn by an israeli tourist . 
  ( ireland is a popular destination for israelis . ), 
  younger kids do about 8:30 to 2 . 
  we 've about an hour for lunch when we 're older . 
  jaysus what time do ye lads start fecking school at . 
  irish schools finish around 4 but we start at 9 . 
  that 's it 's stuck in the 1950s , we live in thatched cottages and we are stuck in traffic jams of sheep . 
  i think that is in texas somewhere . 
  i do n't know what we got from canada . 
  hiberno english . 
  that kurd/rebel group . 
  everything closes though around christmas . 
  the italians hate ye lot though for napoleon ruling a lot of italy . 
  well ye rejected independence so ye can join quebec or somewhere . 
  well yes . 
  they are also in the no-craic club . 
  i 'm pretty sure you are . 
  bacon and cabbage - back bacon with white sauce , cabbage , potatoes and other vegetables . 
  clonakilty black pudding - a `` blood sausage '' made from beef scones - a sort of pastry made from wheat and baking soda . 
  it 's fucking gorgeous . 
  gur cake - two layers of pastry with a mixture of raisins , sultanas and bread and cake crumbs in between . 
  i would say bratislava and slovakia in general , as well as portugal . 
  loads of irish tourists go to portugal every year but it seems like not many others do . 
  both slovakia and portugal have great historic cities as well as river valleys like the danube valley in slovakia and the douro valley in portugal . 
  not go around dressed as fucking leprechauns and talking about `` the luck of the irish . '', 
  it 's like someone going to finland dressed up as the moomins and using those fake stereotypes about the high suicide rate and how finns are introverted . 
  norway . 
  basketball , handball , athletics and swimming .
