  better craic than southern england . 
  you have nice mountains and scenery . 
  oh we 'll give you a deal . 
  we 'll keep port talbot steelworks running if we can form the united republic of ireland and wales . 
  we will win every six nations . 
  northern ireland : thanks for james mcclean and darron gibson . 
  thanks for your diaspora , which brings ulster scot-american tourists to dublin instead of belfast . 
  thanks for darren clarke , graeme mcdowell and rory mcilroy . 
  scotland : thanks for celtic . 
  thanks for stuart hogg . 
  thanks for edinburgh and other places . 
  thanks for the snp . 
  not thanks for voting no to independence . 
  iceland : ye are great protesters . 
  thanks for getting rid of the bankers and yer taoiseach . 
  thanks for of monsters and men . 
  yer scenery is great . 
  can ye join us and wales ? 
  spain : yer food is great . 
  yer weather is great . 
  yer football is great . 
  yer great neighbours for holidays . 
  france : creme brulee and toulouse sausages are what the angels eat in heaven . 
  and beef bourguignon . 
  and steak hach\u00e9 . 
  and quiches . 
  daft punk are also great . 
  irish cadbury 's is pretty good . 
  it 's better than uk cadbury 's , but both are going to shit since the yanks took over . 
  russian chocolate is very underrated in my opinion . 
  we need brendan ogle style union leaders , not leaders who are still in labour . 
  i do get you . 
  ireland would have been more right-wing then the rest of europe previously ( contraception illegal until 1980 , divorce until 1997 . ), 
  but it is now more left-wing . 
  i do come from a very left-wing area ( people want to take in refugees like sweden or germany . 
  cannabis should be legalised etc. ), 
  which votes 60 % + for centre-left to far-left parties . 
  i do spend a lot of time in a very conservative area in the west . 
  ( it rejected same-sex marriage , which the rest of ireland me including seems to like to bash ! ), 
  this is not true . 
  in ireland a centre-right party fianna f\u00e1il has had to become a social democratic party to get vote . 
  in greece there is a left-wing government . 
  in spain podemos are on the rise . 
  the left is also in power in portugal and sweden . 
  i think the chinese government bots are coming . 
  can we add bobby sands instead ? 
  the iranians would approve . 
  let 's come up with the worst : for social stigma i would say the uk . 
  for welfare i would go italy . 
  for weather as a homeless person svalbard . 
  who will join next ? 
  `` upper estimates taken '' i doubt there are that many irish fighters and i doubt there are that many portuguese fighters especially . 
  is it possible that these fighters are fighting for other groups in syria ? 
  there will presumably be another mess . 
  fianna f\u00e1il will probably become the largest party . 
  a ff-fg government will eventually come in to place or a ff-sf/ind-others government . 
  in shortened terms the two scenarios are : japan ii = regular elections every 2/3 years belgium ii = no government for a long time . 
  there is only one possible two party coalition , which is between arch rivals fianna f\u00e1il and fine gael . 
  all sorts of negotiations are taking place but at the end of the day a second election looks very likely . 
  caretaker taoiseach enda kenny has made it clear before that there would be the end of the common travel area if the uk leaves the eu . 
  insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
  albert einstein, 
  there are claims that we will end up joining the schengen agreement and then have an eu external border between the republic and the north . 
  it would be puzzling to be closer to barcelona than belfast . 
  [ what about this train ] ( http://www.seat61.com/paris-moscow-express.htm#.vvglx_krliu ), 
  the creme de la creme of ~ ~ chocolate ~ ~ sickness . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e4/cadbury-creme-egg-whole-%26-split.jpg i 'm not bothered to watch the 1916 stuff . 
  i do n't understand why nobody celebrates the treaty happening . 
  happy easter anyways . 
  sorry you had to read the bullshit above this . 
  ooh ah up the ra . 
  stephen donnelly . 
  r/ireland worships him . 
  we need to set up a government anti-radicalisation programme in education to stop not just possible isil fighters but also possible dissident republicans . 
  there are a lot of children who are being fed crap about the ira etc. 
  at home . 
  you do realise that the sunday world is shite . 
  best : georgia , lithuania , andorra , albania , slovenia , san marino , serbia , slovakia , belgium , estonia , sweden , cyprus , armenia , austria , wales , azerbaijan , croatia , finland , france , netherlands worst : latvia , bosnia , hungary , malta , montenegro, 
  it 's completely safe in your own country ireland . 
  we still have the possibility of a dissident republican attack but very little threat from islamic terrorism . 
  the week in politics on rte . 
  lot 's of people watch the andrew marr show as well , as you can receive bbc here . 
  rip to everybody who died . 
  what does that have to do with absolutely anything ? 
  give some respect to the families who have lost loved ones in this tragedy . 
  i can lead you to the cash for gold if that 's what ye are looking for the whole bleedin time . 
   because the tax is lower on the irish side of the border . 
  it 's not just that it 's also diesel laundering on the border . 
  there is a thing called the semi-finals that for some reason the `` big five '' do n't have to enter . 
  i do n't understand how russia is not a member of the big five anyways . 
  fecking yanks with their luck of the irish bandwagon shite . 
  trinity college . 
  same thing in ireland . 
  we have gone up in pisa recently though . 
  seaside towns are full of chippers which just sell fish 'n' chips , kebabs and burgers and all that kind of stuff . 
  the only kind of visible crime in irish towns is drug dealing , except i 've noticed a rise in garda\u00ed which is sorta working . 
  7:50 / 8am for breakfast 13:15 for lunch 17:30 for dinner, 
  salt , vinegar and illegal substances . 
  what countries can brits visit that us paddies ca n't ? 
  is it because some yobs mainly in the british-owned part of the island thought it was a good idea to blow up places ?
