  ireland is pretty fucking religious . 
  all the schools are run by either the catholic church or the church of ireland except for a tiny minority . 
  younger people are much less religious than the older generation . 
  that 's too hard . 
  we rival stalin and co on this . 
  i 'm irish and nobody thinks that in ireland . 
  it 's only people who watch rt and fox news and read the daily express think that . 
  in my year at school the most popular language to learn is german . 
  everybody thinks it 's a good way to get a job . 
  a lot of irish people have emigrated to germany and a fair few live in sweden as well . 
  ( construction workers went to sweden when our bubble burst . ), 
  it 's only tea party supporting , donald trump voting people who have never been out of alabama who thinks that germany is now part of saudi arabia . 
  very weird and very scary . 
  anti-american - mainly jokes about having loads of guns and wanting to invade the middle east . 
  anti- russian - jokes about vodka and that 's about it . 
  anti-chinese - stuff about how shitty huawei phones and the like are and jokes about eating dogs and cats . 
  complain loads . 
  say how shite everything is in ireland . 
  then go on holidays to another european country and talk to people who complain about what is like in their country . 
  then come back saying `` oh everything in * insert nordic country * is too expensive '' or `` oh wages in * insert mediterranean country * are crap . '', 
  in ireland schools and libraries often have tintin comics . 
  you are actually encouraged to read them as much as other books . 
  if someone brought in a marvel comic to read they would be told that it is junk and it wo n't help your reading , imagination etc. 
  at all . 
  most people in ireland are about as pro-putin as they are pro-nato . 
  we are neutral in the sense that virtually anybody can use shannon airport . 
  most irish people i know hate it like hell . 
  you must be from a fine gael area by the sounds of it . 
  he 's not . 
  the irish economic cycle is made up of strong economic growth and then terrible recessions . 
  people presume strong economic growth is the norm after a recession . 
  public sector wages are flat at the moment , but they are supposed to get a 4 % rise next year . 
  the irish government ca n't afford reunification for the foreseeable future . 
  also with the amount of unionists in the north it would cause more violence than there was during the troubles . 
  it would be like the east of ukraine or something . 
  ireland - the water charges have been a big issue for the past few years . 
  it looks like they will be paid through general taxation again just like the used to . 
  there is a big corruption scandal at the moment with charities . 
  go onto google news and type in `` console '' if you want to find out more . 
  nobody here wants to leave the eu other than pointless eejits who believe conspiracy theories . 
  people are afraid of what is going to happen now after the brexit but they are just panicking way too much . 
  most people want to get rid of our taoiseach . 
  ( prime minister ) he is probably the second worst leader we have ever had of our country . 
  that the english football team did n't know that if they let in goals they would get knocked out of europe . 
  more restaurants around and more supermarkets . 
  well yes . 
  we also have a rivalry in rugby as well . 
  ( the ireland v france matches in rugby are usually the most boring matches anyways . 
  it 's just shit when you fall asleep and ireland loses by a ridiculously small margin . ), 
  portugal as at least their fans are n't as stuck up as the french ones and they do n't boo every time the other team has possession of the ball . 
  the main pros and cons of living in dublin are - pros - much lower unemployment than rest of country . 
  cons - much higher rent if i were moving to ireland i would choose cork because it has the best of both worlds . 
  well ye could take some in now could n't ye ? 
  we just hope we beat sweden in our group and go farther than england . 
  that could mean just getting to the round of 16, 
  well 1922 was what we mainly think of as the start of independence . 
  szell kalman ter makes dublin 's homeless crisis ( which is pretty bad . ), 
  0 - hungary ( i 've been there and the poverty was fucking awful for european standard . 
  there was an awful load of wealthy people though . ), 
  10 - i do n't know mate . 
  all i know is that there is some up all night movement and there is a fuel shortage and there is a strike at a nuclear power stage . 
  in ireland the tram in dublin ( luas ) is on strike a lot of days . 
  it 's owned by the government but it is operated by the french company transdev . 
  do their trams and buses in france go on strike much ? 
  i would consider myself to be european . 
  the most dangerous gun i have ever seen in ireland is a nerf gun . 
  i 've only seen them used by armed police and soldiers in places like spain , france and italy . 
  right-wing ( renua in ireland , ukip in the uk ), 
  overly patriotic , gun owning , evangelicals . 
  maybe slightly of the new ira . 
  ( but they 're such eejits they would probably kill themselves and not anybody else . ), 
  jihadism is being exaggerated so fucking much . 
  it 's mass shootings in the us that are more of a problem to the western world . 
  the `` occupied '' british part was . 
  crimea, 
  portugal . 
  pasteis de nata = heaven, 
  showing them our politics . 
  most of it is bizarre . 
  [ here 's an example !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63xajdzf9cu ), 
  irish and any nation with no sense of humour . 
  flags here were at full mast the whole time . 
  if you are looking for sanders move to nordic model countries . 
  if you 're looking for cruz/rubio you should move to poland . 
  pretty sure he was a traveller . 
  irish etiquette guide no . 
  4,378 : never get in to a fight with a traveller . 
  it depends on if you live in belarus or germany , russia or sweden . 
  only people in the west of ireland listen to it . 
  in the east you are either a weirdo or an old person if you listen to it . 
  you will just have to have valid passport . 
  you will be fine as you are going the opposite direction . 
  it will only be a problem if you are some racist who ca n't look a non-european in the eye . 
  catalunya exists in next 18 months . 
  possible west/east ukraine if unrest and conflict goes on . 
  scottish independence if uk leaves eu . 
  are you with me europe ? 
  for social welfare it would be ireland . 
  you get unemployment benefit as long as you want .
