  many years ago . 
  the food must be amazing . 
  i mean it 's like a lebanese restaurant . 
  they also have super-fast internet and youtube and twitter are ultra popular . 
  estonia = finland , russia latvia = sweden , russia lithuania = poland , belarus estonia invested skype and used to have great economic growth , similar to the celtic tiger . 
  but the estonian phoenix is yet to come . 
  latvians are the most russian like of the baltics . 
  lithuanians are these polish-like catholics who love potatoes ? 
  cool dudes . 
  liberal hipsters who 's country is quarter syrian . 
  hummus , falafel and shawarma . 
  large christian minority . 
  also hezbollah and the war in the 1980s . 
  spanish economic growth is looking good though , while the finnish economy for example is shrinking . 
  for the countries who are in negotiations i would choose montenegro . 
  turkey 's islamist government and war against the kurds , and serbia 's view on kosovo would stop them being members for the near future . 
  i would allow albania to join , but it has n't reached the negotiations period yet , but i would n't pick macedonia due to it 's lack of press freedom . 
  i would n't choose armenia or azerbaijan due to the tension between the two countries and azerbaijan 's lack of human rights . 
  belarus is a dictatorship , while moldovan society is polarised because of the differences of opinion between pro-eu and pro-russian people . 
  moldova 's way to join in my opinion , would be to join romania . 
  ukraine is virtually at war with russia while georgia has the south ossetia and abkhazia issue . 
  i think cape verde should be able to join , as long as it sorts out some issues such as prison conditions . 
  morocco would need to sort out human rights before any sort of membership . 
  so this is what i think of the future enlargement of the eu . 
  there is already a thread about this . 
  next there 'll be a thread = `` greek economy is fastest growing in europe . '', 
  it 's that in most countries lighter food is eaten during the summer . 
  even in a lot of more northerly countries more mediterranean-like food is eaten during spells of warm weather . 
  most hungarian food is quite heavy for the summer . 
  it 's lovely when it 's cold outside , but not when it 's hot . 
  it was 39 degrees at the time though . 
  too hot to eat any sort of winter food . 
  thanks to both of you for your replies . 
  if i ever did go to bulgaria i would probably go to sozopol or nessebar . 
  when i was in budapest for a week a when i was younger i lived on a diet of mexican and american fast food . 
  which of your old towns are the best ? 
  i 've been told about plovdiv by a bulgarian before but you can only fly into burgas from ireland . 
  food = boxty from the west . 
  colcannon from the east . 
  clonakilty black pudding from the south . 
  ( clonakilty black pudding is like our version of salami or jamon serrano . ), 
  for dinner i love bacon and cabbage with lovely dollop of the white sauce . 
  i do love curry chips or battered sausage from a chipper . 
  when i was in carcassonne there were these north africans who seemed to be boy racers who race each other in their crappy cars . 
  they seemed to spend the rest of the time drinking cans of beer that were on offer in carrefour . 
  polish people . 
  previously it was english people followed by anglo-irish , followed by irish travellers . 
  we have much better plumbers and builders than before 2004 . 
  rock probably . 
  here are some irish songs from the last few years which have been popular . 
  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mysvmgrr6pw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5azje15ye0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4povfmx144 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk48xrzunva funk and reggae is also pretty popular , but there are no indigenous artists . 
  putin was annoyed there 's not enough posts on r/european, 
  liechtensteiners will suffer from the fall in sausage casing exports . 
  what about die irland ? 
  global warming get 's so bad that the sea goes as high as the moon . 
  as an irishman i could do the farming . 
  i 'll give it to the italians and french to do the cooking and the milk for the dutch and swiss to make cheese . 
  the pork for the germans , spanish and danes to make frikadeller , bacon , chorizo , ham and bratwurst . 
  please give me more . 
  well i 've black hair , grey eyes and slightly tanned skin . 
  i 've been to catalunya and portugal and i seemed to fit in . 
  scotland and england . 
  why can you not mix us up with feckin ' wales . 
  but because they all think irish people are these lads with milk-coloured skin and ginger hair , they all think i 'm portuguese or northern spanish or french . 
  they should give him something like $ 180 an week . 
  would that be agreeable ? 
  chipper food is cheap . 
  here 's a link to two in a dublin suburb for an example : https://www.just-eat.ie/restaurants-milanostakeaway/menu http://henryandrose.ie/bray/ this is a link to an indigenous irish chipper-like version of mcdonald 's called supermacs , which is very popular in the province of connacht . 
  http://supermacs.ie/supermacs-food/ and it 's also where kids can go on their worst school tour ever . 
  chipper = hiberno english for fish 'n' chip shop . 
  have you tried fish and chips from it ? 
  or battered sausage or curry chips ? 
  have you tried any chipper food yet ? 
  it 's completely different from regular fast food . 
  if you were born to say pakistani parents or polish parents and were born and bred on this isle we would consider you irish . 
  it 's just that there are many people who may be 1/2 irish who have this fake sort of view of our culture . 
  the cliff walk between bray and greystones is also nice . 
  ( i am bray not born but bred . ), 
  we also have a pub called the harbour bar that won a lonely planet prize . 
  when you come off the dart in bray you can get out two ways . 
  the beach or the town side . 
  the beach is the nicest place but i recommend trying one of the italian caf\u00e9s just off the beach . 
  these include gusto italiano on the quinsborough road , caf\u00e9 letterario gatta nera on the albert walk and carpe diem on albert avenue . 
  i hope this helps . 
  contrary to popular belief outside ireland nobody in ireland sings danny boy . 
  it was written in england to a completely different irish tune . 
  it 's been lovely all summer in the east . 
  i presume you are in the wild wesht . 
  americans are known for procuring crap food . 
  you are not even irish on the first place and you are going over and trolling us on r/ireland . 
  you do not know who george hook ( one of the biggest radio and tv presenters in ireland . ), 
  go back and stay to r/european , it 's where racist trolls belong . 
  but many of these births would have an irish father and vice versa . 
  these are mainly from other european countries in eastern and southern europe . 
  you are delusional and have been spending too long on r/european . 
  finland has bad economic growth and yo-yo unemployment . 
  did you create an account just to say that ? 
  we wo n't be a minority . 
  we have the highest birth rate in europe , unlike germany for example . 
  i thought `` todoroslavia '' won it lol .
