  we do n't complain about the train being late , we expect it to be . 
  the most popular is penneys ( which trades as primark outside of ireland . ), 
  but has shit quality clothing . 
  it 's probably followed by dunnes stores which has better quality clothing . 
  it only has shops in ireland , northern ireland and spain . 
  a tax dodger who keeps pretending he is way richer than he is . 
  helps other countries dodge tax . 
  conflict with england . 
  northern ireland would probably have split personality disorder where he keeps thinking he 's a member of sinn f\u00e9in or the dup or in between them . 
  i do n't really know to be honest . 
  probably estonia or maybe slovakia . 
  well i suppose the rest of the piigs because we all have incompetent fucks ruling us . 
  the nordic countries are just colder versions of us with social anxiety . 
  the low countries have the same landscape as the irish midlands . 
  wales and northern england are quite similar to here except they are poorer and voted brexit . 
  it 's nuns working in the hospital and being bitches to unmarried mothers . 
  they try to upset mothers who are pregnant and not married . 
  simon harris ca n't answer anyone 's question on twitter . 
  he 's coming off as being seriously thick . 
  he 's part of a fine gael dynasty . 
  maria bailey in dun laoghaire rathdown is his cousin . 
  everyone needs to sign the petition to stop the sister of charity . 
  simon harris is a spineless cunt . 
  as a brayman it 's quite sickening to see your neighbouring ( rival . ), 
  town consistently voting fine gael . 
  secularism is needed . 
  it 's also going to be a supposedly public hospital . 
  all our money is spent on hiring loads of administration staff anyways . 
  we 've a bed shortage . 
  gp visit , $ 45-60 the government have handed the ownership of the new national maternity hospital to a catholic order ffs . 
  not really . 
  german and english campervans take over our motorways though . 
  to me macron is tony blair 's french nephew . 
  it 's just that the ps have failed in government . 
  there needs to be change . 
  the east coast of the republic . 
  the north is heavily divided over brexit . 
  people here just shrug their shoulders . 
  people here just think that the southern english are boring . 
  northerners in england in lancashire , yorkshire etc. 
  and the welsh did let people here down . 
  sort of confused . 
  macron is a neoliberal . 
  melenchon is sort of delusional . 
  fillon is corrupt . 
  le pen is a racist cunt to be honest . 
  hamon just represents francois hollande , who is a failure . 
  i 'm not bothered to deal with conspiracy theorists . 
  compared to the german election where i would vote for either spd , cdu , die linke or the greens . 
  fish and chips , kebab , sandwiches , pizza , burgers , hot dogs , chinese , indian and thai . 
  there 's japanese food but that 's only eaten by d4 heads . 
  ( our equivalent of wasps . ), 
  yes but people here just think they are russian muslims . 
  people in ireland have no changed view about bosnians . 
  there are plenty of them here . 
  people think of them as a people who fought against the serbs for their independence and their existence . 
  there are also a good few albanians who are thought of as fine , but people think of albania as an anarchic mafia state . 
  people do n't really know what tatars are . 
  some people here support the chechen movement for independence ( which i find weird . ), 
  but some are against it . 
  all russian muslims are thrown into one boat . 
  i live in an area with high italian , polish and chinese populations . 
  the polish `` dres '' can be a problem when they drink one bottle of vodka too much . 
  to me it 's just very stodgy . 
  it makes a doner or bratwurst seem like mediterranean salad . 
  i ate it with sour cream and garlic . 
  everyone here has a tv . 
  it 's fine . 
  the only problem is that there are such large numbers of poles for example that some do n't speak english outside of formal situations . 
  i 'm sorry to say it but if langos is considered a food hungary has the worst cuisine . 
  it 's usually the local ~ ~ tramp ~ ~ eccentric who does it though . 
  there are great humorous stories in the local newspapers here during autumn about stuff like that . 
  americans are too loud . 
  italians are too loud . 
  spaniards are too loud . 
  we get mostly elderly english tourists where i live , but there are some of the infamous stag dos . 
  well i 'm irish and people complain about our prisons being too luxurious but in reality all they are concrete buildings where people have ps2s . 
  plenty of people try to get into gaol for winter here though . 
  we do n't have classics , just cringe classics . 
  it 's probably going to do well . 
  it 's a really bland generic song , which will do alright with the jury vote . 
  well we 've a lad who 's voice has n't fucking broken . 
  the whole music video is just a tourism video for a dublin suburb . 
  this got me to think quite well . 
  we generally use economic left-ring and social left-right . 
  for example le pen would be on the left of economics but on the far-right of social policies . 
  macron would be centre-left socially and centre-right economically . 
  schulz would be centre-left socially and economically . 
  wilders would be centre-right economically and right-wing socially . 
  well if you are irish it 's literally considered as just germany , austria , switzerland and maybe slovenia and croatia . 
  can we start a brotherhood . 
  i mean we have started following the `` dutch diet '' and now our average height is rising . 
  the toasted cheese sandwich is king . 
  melted mature cheddar and good white/brown bread . 
  baguettes filled with loads of random shit are also popular . 
  about 1 million to 1.5 million irish visit portugal each year , maybe even higher !, 
  for us portugal is a place to go on city breaks and sun holidays . 
  and porto , benfica , sporting and braga for football . 
  as well as pepe , cr7 etc. 
  there 's about 10,000 buddhists in ireland but no one really thinks about them .
