multiculturalism is doing fine here in ireland . 
  i ate in a pakistani restaurant yesterday where the waitress was chinese and the clientele were finnish , arab , irish , english , polish , pakistani and indian . 
  stares over at volkswagen . 
  if this is his first conviction he should definitely not be given 10 years . 
  most europeans could lie they are syrian but he could n't because he 's vietnamese . 
  plus refugees ca n't see hungary * . 
  ( * or they see it for weeks on end . ), 
  if these were white you would n't be saying that !, 
  i 'm sorry lads but we do n't consider ourselves northern , we 're only western . 
  i do know a polish person who does it . 
  her and some of her family take thursday or part of thursday off so they can go to social welfare office . 
  the irish stereotype of poles is the complete opposite . 
  the stereotype is that you are hard working but claim unemployment benefit under a different name . 
  could n't they drop them in say croatia ? 
  could hungary just drop them at some other country 's border . 
  germany has had too much migrants , that 's why they have passport checks . 
  another thing though is even though it is pretty negative that poland is not taking in refugees , at least they do n't go crazy at them like hungary . 
  if the ukraine war escalates all over eastern europe we would be f ** ked . 
  if the uk leaves the eu we are joining schengen . 
  why 'll everybody else wants to leave . 
  i wonder what happened in todoroslavia ? 
  thinks ... 
  here 's a thing about our sports : football is a sport made for gentlemen but played by hooligans rugby is a sport made for hooligans but played by gentlemen but gaelic football is a sport made for hooligans , played by hooligans . 
  in irish terms the fact that there is only 17 in a class is more of a shock than that they speak portuguese as their mother tongue . 
  average primary school class sizes here are between 25 and 30 . 
  it 's similar here in ireland . 
  in the best state-run schools there are very few eastern european or african kids . 
  the kids in them are irish , countries in the eu 12 , indian , pakistani , chinese and south east asian countries . 
  i 'm not sure is that because families from germany and the philippines are bigger in to education or is it discrimination . 
  one of my old neighbours had her car 's windscreen smashed the other year by these students . 
  a lot of them seem to be rich youth who are trying to rebel against their parents . 
  ireland and catalonia will be best buds after the election anyways . 
  portugal and the uk might also recognise them just to annoy spain even more over olivenza and gibraltar . 
  i have an estelada but i do n't want to put it up outside my house as loads of students come from madrid to my town all year round . 
  during july there were a couple of thousand spanish students in a town of approx . 
  are winters are actually pretty mild though . 
  much milder than say poland , which is why polish people love spending the winter here . 
  you obviously have n't been in syrian refugee ircs . 
  last time i checked they all wanted to go to austria because they are afraid that racists will think they are going to crash in to skyscrapers when they got on the railjet in vienna . 
  i chose austria , belgium , cyprus , denmark , estonia , france , germany , ireland ( me home . 
  ) , italy , luxembourg , malta , netherlands , norway , portugal , slovakia , slovenia , spain , sweden , switzerland and the uk . 
  just looked at my school and house . 
  jeez it 's detailed, 
  i get free shipping from the adidas store in germany to ireland . 
  well done lebanon and well done jordan . 
  saudi arabia supports isis and does n't want syrian refugees . 
  hungary is inhumane by beating refugees . 
  we are so good at basketball . 
  so ya 've payed yer water bills . 
  social democrats . 
  the women and children come later . 
  germany offers some family reunion thing . 
  immigrants would still go to europe , but will be stuck in italy and greece . 
  other than ireland i would go for germany , austria and the netherlands for public services , low unemployment and livability , portugal and italy for lifestyles , weather and food . 
  my top 10 would be : 1 . 
  the netherlands 3 . 
  germany 4 . 
  portugal 5 . 
  switzerland 7 . 
  italy 8 . 
  cyprus 9 . 
  sweden 10 . 
  spain please give me your opinions on this . 
  ( if i included ireland i would put it at no. 4 or 5 . ), 
  bologna and vienna are the most beautiful places i have been . 
  f ** k you hungary . 
  let them go to western european countries that want them with open arms . 
  german and austrian people are helping them , as are swedes and other nationalities of western european people . 
  you are stopping refugees from reaching safe countries . 
  thousands are sleeping rough in budapest tonight with no bed to go to . 
  merkel has humanity , orban is some prick without any humanity . 
  in ireland we view scandinavia like what southern europe views of northern europe and we view southern europe the other way around . 
  we are just western european . 
  our culture is 60 % southern , 40 % northern . 
  too many people read the daily express . 
  ( it is available in ireland , but compared to other tabloids it has the popularity of the sunday sport . 
  most british tabloids have an irish version which i 'm not completely sure but it might have less calais stuff in them . ), 
  trinity college , followed by ucd and ucc . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwquvhwh-o8 stereotypes o'stereotypes . 
  why not ming and farage ? 
  euroming !, 
  we are the fecking best at it . 
  ( well except the kiwis . 
  we did lose to wales yesterday , but everybody was protesting lol . ), 
  well yeah . 
  the uk has gone so far-right that it is completely crazy . 
  irish water . 
  it is a quango that has been set up for privatisation . 
  we are being made pay twice for our water . 
  water has been paid for by the motor tax , but the government want to tax it twice . 
  they have spent hundreds of millions of euro on consultants and all sorts of shite . 
  f ** k you fabius . 
  as it is feckin needed . 
  i doubt they will put this in ireland . 
  i was at it and it was a great protest . 
  mainly young families , older people and students . 
  it was a friendly laid back atmosphere and we brought the city to a halt . 
  some eejits tried to drive through us for a reason that was beyond me . 
  i left just before the thunderstorms so i avoided them , but i did n't avoid the rain . 
  ama about the protest .
