  for one i 've never heard of wayne 's coffee and it is not even in ireland . 
  i do n't notice it that much where i live in a southern dublin suburb ( not a posh one . ), 
  or anywhere in the dublin metropolitan area . 
  it 's when i visit cousins in smaller towns i see drive throughs and all this shit all over the place . 
  there 's no in-town shops at all , other than banks and a few chippers . 
  it snows about that much where i live in ireland . 
  there is a microclimate though . 
  my school uniform is irish . 
  a nike top made in turkey is my only other european item . 
  at least we 've improved . 
  well they actually sort of do . 
  a spanish person never speaks slow enough . 
  i 'm from ireland and i speak english at home , in school and with my friends . 
  i can speak irish up to a decentish level and i am learning german as well in school . 
  edit : i can also read basic spanish/italian and i can understand an italian person if they speak slowly . 
  a pot of aldi tea ( barry 's and lyon 's are too expensive . ), 
  will be made and everybody will tuck in . 
  if it 's a christmas or easter present though it will stay in the press for another day . 
  press = word that non-west brits use for a cabinet in the kitchen where you keep rice , cereal etc. 
  ireland is off the scale house . 
  sprawl in dublin goes on for nearly 20km thanks to that . 
  we have a lower threat than the rest of europe , thanks to our neutrality policy . 
  there are very few ( if any ) irish fighters fighting for daesh . 
  there are irish people fighting in iraq and syria , mainly for the fsa and the peshmerga . 
  i would say we are more like the resat of europe . 
  we would have the tolerance of the netherlands and the laid-back attitude of portugal or italy . 
  people in ireland are pretty open and we are n't standoffish.we 're very tolerant and you could make friends in no time . 
  the main problem would be getting offended by our continuous slagging . 
  we do n't know what colour this guy was and what ethnicity or religion all we know is that he was just fucked up . 
  stuff from the countries on map that is on the top right-hand side of the page, 
  i do n't go to church but i pray to god . 
  taking in refugees is the best thing merkel has done though . 
  she is improving the lives of all the people she 's taking in while hungary is going to turn it 's country and europe into a hellhole with very few young people in it . 
  condolences to any kurdish or turkish person affected by this . 
  what 's up with poland and fire stations ? 
  when ever i read anything about your country fire stations seem to come up . 
  blackberry picking, 
  country : ireland favourite neighbour : spain ( maritime borders border us and spain has good food , weather and football . ), 
  least favourite neighbour : uk ( swing low is fecking irritating and it 's american anyways . ), 
  they have more chance of integrating in the city though as in some of these villages there are very few foreigners in the first place so the only positive thing that could come out of it is that they are some sort of novelty . 
  spain are just looking like eejits by messing around with this and trying to make catalonia look like it would become some sort of north korea or some dictatorship . 
  the germans as all america does is use us as a fueling station for their killing machines . 
  we 'll have to wait for a corbyn government for the brits to help us again . 
  refugees should be going to cities and large towns with jobs not somewhere like this village anyways . 
  this is old . 
  the polish have outnumbered brits in ireland a good while ago . 
  this is an old map that people keep reposting . 
  we have more immigrants now as well . 
  ( it 's 20 or 25 % or something . ), 
  which countries will and wo n't support catalonia ? 
  ireland will support them but anybody who spain pressures obviously wo n't . 
  it 's way too hard to learn . 
  it 's really hard . 
  because you are speaking it right now . 
  we 've a shitty minority government that only a 1/4 of people are happy with . 
  it 's always on time and it 's cheap . 
  and you get there . 
  what do you want ? 
  anyone thinking that your country could elect an animal and it would n't look stupid ? 
  well there has been populism here for 95 years . 
  but it has been centre to centre-right populism . 
  well this is ireland . 
  the government will make the irish decentralisation authority and spend a $ 1 billion on advisors . 
  if tonight goes the wrong way that 's murica 's coat of arms . 
  well we could get that if we had united instead of fragmented parties . 
  [ better get a lot more of these . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzbckhxnxvc ), 
  well this election is basically a choice between sam allardyce and roy hodgson . 
  [ for anyone staying up tonight . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsdb8pd6sno ), 
  we also watch brexit . 
  it 's quite depressing , it 's a bit like nordic noir . 
  well we tried decentralisation and it did n't work . 
  [ yes we do ] ( http://loveirishfood.ie/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/1378334_10151736937507149_1815150045_n-600x479.jpg ), 
  well ye could n't get out of the pool at the last world cup . 
  you forgot about us . 
  no please . 
  no please . 
  the craic and the tayto . 
  the guinness and the actually edible dairy milk . 
  i cry everytime . 
  in ireland we get a brown version of that in old bakeries . 
  it 's a bit like a white rye . 
  intensifying revenge : [ this ] ( http://a.abcnews.com/images/health/gty_cinnamon_rolls_ll_131230_16x9_992.jpg ) [ more stuff ] ( http://img.dooyoo.co.uk/gb_en/315/food-drink/food/warburtons-danish-white-bread.jpg ) edit : i forgot about carlsberg , which should be number 1 by far . 
  [ shitty posh version of $ 2 shop . 
  ] ( http://s0.geograph.org.uk/geophotos/04/02/84/4028416_8a572beb.jpg ), 
  well my dad is half a lanc so he does seem to watch itv granada news a lot but i do think it is by accident . 
  i 've every regional bbc and itv because i 've freesat . 
  ( when you get fta tv fitted here they fit you with irish and uk tv . ), 
  i often find my dad when he has flicked too far watching some english region 's regional news before realising it was not bbc or itv 's national news . 
  well when irish telly 's so dire we do actually watch those . 
  to all of western europeans the slavic languages all sound the same . 
  i suppose it 's because they are quite similar . 
  bonfire night and halloween . 
  we 're hardly going to celebrate a night about burning catholics . 
  tallinn has got to have one of europe 's most picturesque city centres . 
  i noticed when i was in estonia on one of the tv stations ( maybe the one where they have the one lad doing the dubbing . ), 
  the newsreader was actually in the old town . 
  if the juries do n't choose russia again this time it actually means war . 
  we 've irish cartoons , documentaries and stuff here for people to learn irish from except the subtitles are sometimes disabled for some reason .
