  i 'll wait to visit your country until they stop school shootings . 
  meanwhile another nightclub shooting happens in america . 
  more yankee fear mongering . 
  the city buses in dublin are shite . 
  thank god there 's the dart and the luas . 
  when i was in estonia i was amazed at how posh the cars are . 
  in ireland people seem to spend much more money on the house than the car . 
  but the only irish tourists killed in terror attacks have been in tunisia . 
  there are more people killed in mass shootings in the us than there are in terror attacks in europe . 
  chicago has a really high murder rate . 
  the us is much more dangerous . 
  the murder rate is absolutely ridiculous . 
  serbia removes kebab . 
  croatia removes bratwurst . 
  now is the time to visit paris then . 
  i 'm irish and there are some communities in border areas and in northern ireland where people public supported the ira . 
  in the unionist community uvf and uda shit is still going on . 
  in what sort of developed country does shit like this go on ? 
  : http://media.irishcentral.com/images/mi-nazi-flag-northern-ireland.jpg http://c0.thejournal.ie/media/2014/10/kat-4-310x415-310x415.jpg kill all taigs means kill all catholics . 
  our old friends in the 1970s killed 33 people , a full term unborn child and injured approximately 300 in the dublin and monaghan bombings . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_and_monaghan_bombings in 1998 the `` other '' side in the troubles killed 29 people and injured 300 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omagh_bombing even though only a small percentage of people supported the old terrorist groups it was significantly more as a proportion than the amount of muslims who support isil . 
  the `` nice '' old terrorists also carried out mass casualty attacks . 
  whoever wrote the article is a fecking eejit . 
  this should be only for nato members . 
  finland , ireland , austria etc. 
  should not be obliged to join . 
  the rise of islamism in bosnia and kosovo is making the region 's stability ( which was as high as the rest of europe until recently ) turn to possible instability . 
  the rise of the far-right across europe is also leading to this . 
  i have a fear that when the is fighters return home to europe they 'll pick on kosovo and bosnia to try and start a balkans war . 
  either is or far-right . 
  irish people are n't part of the same ethnic group as british people . 
  that 's like saying all estonians are russian or lithuanian . 
  i suppose greens/efa but i would n't vote for the irish greens . 
  did n't realise isis was on the far-left . 
  get to greece first . 
  then buy a fake eu passport from some african guy in athens . 
  ( you can get a spanish one for $ 250 . ), 
  then hop on a flight full of people on sun holidays and then you are in northern europe . 
  [ you can go to any of these !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/athens_international_airport ) you can get a sham marriage either . 
  there 's loads of possibilities in poorer eu members . 
  my sources for this : http://www.aljazeera.com/blogs/europe/2016/03/booming-fake-passport-market-refugees-athens-160304031000398.html http://www.aljazeera.com/programmes/peopleandpower/2015/04/passport-thee-wed-150429154250997.html in all seriousness you could study somewhere in europe . 
  most european university towns/cities have authentic turkish cuisine . 
  there 's more poles than brits in ireland . 
  where the hell are the angielski skleps ? 
  hopefully it will split the far-right vote . 
  but not scotland though . 
  scotland is the antarctic of europe . 
  it was this hot for a lot of the summers of 2013/2014 . 
  she obviously only looks at the chart in autumn , spring and winter . 
  for the good of the whole of europe it has to be ciar\u00e1n clark . 
  i mean he stopped sweden from having no goals during the euros . 
  james mccarthy could also fit in there . 
  we have very few jihadists . 
  the indo does loads about them because it 's a shitty disguised tabloid that does celebrity news and terrorism . 
  it has n't been this warm here in about a year . 
  everybody was outside today . 
  it 's a much more pleasant 24 here today . 
  the hottest it 's getting this week is 28 . 
  this was kind of obvious already . 
  am i the only one who thinks that this is anti-semitic and islamophobic ? 
  can we change to the rugby to football after 1-0 ? 
  if they did n't start protesting they would have to launder diesel for the ira . 
  in ireland we mainly give low-paid jobs to the eu migrants who live here . 
  ( jobs that irish people think that we are too `` posh '' to do . 
  they also do jobs in the services sector . 
  ( shopkeepers , waiters , taxi drivers . ), 
  a lot of eu migrants work in the software sector . 
  97 % of google 's workers in dublin are non-irish . 
  or us if you make it piigs . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is inaccurate . 
  hopefully one day he can become head of the romanian orthodox church . 
  irish smoked applewood cheddar pecorino romano blue roquefort edam emmental gouda leerdammer, 
  let 's say it 's the piigs way of dealing with things . 
  why do they wear them anyways ? 
  there is nothing in islam more than in christianity or judaism that says you should cover everything but the eyes . 
  whatever about fines they should at least be banned from public buildings like they are in lombardy . 
  connacht and ulster would be the bible belts . 
  this will never make inroads in ireland, 
  how about let 's not fly the english flag at matches since english hooligans ripped up other countries ' flags . 
  euro 2020 is going to be amazing . 
  all the cities selected seem to be great places to visit . 
  i 've a feeling there has to be corruption in the selections though if bloody baku got chosen . 
  this map is bullshit, 
  we will have some games . 
  we may bid for euro 2024 with scotland . 
  if we ca n't have the 6 counties can we have the isle of man ? 
  we can increase our gdp from even more tax-evading companies . 
  will it become a member state of the african union ? 
  and it actually happened . 
  most irish people seem to have no iota of this italian team.with no pirlo or balotelli they do n't seem to know anything about it . 
  i 've only a small bit of knowledge myself . 
  hopefully we 'll have a better chance with buffon not playing . 
  i thought the exact same . 
  hungary are n't getting the credit they deserve . 
  ( well i suppose they are n't a big news story . ), 
  do you also realise germany is in between the netherlands and denmark ? 
  how does ukip feel over boris kemal being the head of a campaign that does not want turkey to join the eu ? 
  please no . 
  how about a combined team with ireland , northern ireland , wales and iceland ?
