  the only nationalist party with any sort of support in ireland is sinn f\u00e9in but they only get about an eighth of the vote . 
  google.ie it 's localised so when you click on to google news it goes straight to the irish version . 
  we need to have a localised version as even though we speak english our culture is quite distinct from the rest of the anglosphere . 
  eddie rocket 's , dominos ' and mcdonald 's . 
  the vast majority of countries have n't . 
  no problem !, 
  where i live is as temperate as hell . 
  the coldest it ever gets in a bad winter at night is like -4 degrees . 
  the average high in winter is 8/9 degrees . 
  those mulino bianco biscuits in italy . 
  finnish chocolate milk . 
  ( valio pro or something . ), 
  estonian kalev chocolate . 
  karelian pasty from finland . 
  arancini from sicily . 
  walnut wafers from hungary . 
  the closest thing in ireland is the sigerson cup . 
  it 's a gaelic football tournament that 's in the print media and stuff but it 's not televised or anything . 
  schools rugby is a thing in belfast , dublin and cork areas and it is televised . 
  we learn to hand-pass a gaelic football and to chest pass a basketball . 
  learning how to kick a football ( soccer ball ) is as important here . 
  the further west you go the more conservative it gets ( galway and limerick cities are exceptions . ), 
  areas around the border vote for sinn f\u00e9in and fianna f\u00e1il more than the rest of the country . 
  dublin generally votes mainly for centrist and left wing parties . 
  in winter porridge . 
  in summer usually just bread and jam . 
  it 's much more right wing than europe . 
  it 's full of headcases like sarah palin . 
  you need to have a lot of cash to be a successful politician . 
  and they drink vodka and love hardbass . 
  so did the slavs deport the knackers to here ? 
  i blame media magnates like rupert murdoch . 
  there 's not much of a tense climate anyways . 
  it 's just a load of yanks who think europe is a different planet who have been scared to shite by fox news . 
  yet they do n't seem to care about how there 's a mass shooting in the us every single day . 
  we call the bathroom the toilet . 
  we piss standing up if we 're male . 
  culchies for people who live in bogs and listen to country and western . 
  knackers and yobs for the sort of people who wear pyjamas all day and watch trashy telly . 
  only kids having a fight at school is basically how far our wrestling culture goes . 
  boxing is huge here though . 
  what is your favourite football club ? 
  it was bray wanderers but shit is going on behind the scenes . 
  http://www.independent.ie/world-news/americas/bray-soccer-boss-forced-to-apologise-after-joke-on-shootings-34802767.html http://www.irishmirror.ie/news/irish-news/bray-wanderers-blast-general-manager-8194195 how many games do you go to per year ? 
  i used to go to a lot but i go to very few now . 
  i do watch it on tv a lot and i will do more so this season since i got some sport channels . 
  my favourite european leagues are bundesliga and the eredivisie . 
  do you have a favourite supporter chant ? 
  will griggs on fire by far . 
  how heated is your biggest rivalry ? 
  against shamrock rovers and ucd . 
  the ucd rivalry is because of the proximity between the clubs . 
  shamrock rovers is similar but it is because we are huge underdogs against them . 
  the only violence there has been is that a shamrock rovers fan threw a can of coca-cola at the referee and he got a gash on his head . 
  and to finish it : bray wanderers are usually fighting for their survival but we somehow never get relegated . 
  because every developed country should lighten the load of germany and sweden . 
  every developed country from iceland to japan to new zealand should have to take in it 's fair share . 
  it 's as popular in ireland as f1 . 
  it was popular when rally ireland was part of the wrc , but it has waned since then . 
  at least in the north of wales welsh is still used quite regularly . 
  it 's forced into you . 
  the way it 's taught bores you to death . 
  it 's also useless . 
  it means that you are a citizen of both ireland and europe . 
  you have an eu passport and you can work in the rest of the eu . 
  it means you celebrate when england lose in sports . 
  27th june 2016 will always be remembered as one of the best days in irish sporting history . 
  it means that we are like continental people but we just happen to speak english . 
  many of us are actually european first and irish second . 
  it also means that your worst experience in school was compulsory irish . 
  ( similar to compulsory swedish in finland . ), 
  in ireland we end a call saying bye as many times as possible until the other person hangs up or vice versa . 
  it is fecking weird . 
  wales do football better than we do . 
  england do it worse . 
  scotland does nearly every sport except the highland games worse than we do . 
  i thought scotland had the most per capita . 
  most irish gingers have auburn hair . 
  spain , italy and france 's problem is that they dub television . 
  go next door to portugal and 90 % of people speak english . 
  you should be fine in 99 % of europe . 
  in ireland we have a pretty large community of people from the indian subcontinent . 
  the only people in europe who racially abuse people are unemployed alcoholic eejits who spent their day reading tabloid newspapers and consuming alcohol . 
  ireland needs anyone who can work in software . 
  most of the companies in silicon valley are here . 
  other places with huge software industries are places like estonia , sweden , germany and the netherlands . 
  if you want to go to an english speaking country due to brexit you are probably best off go to ireland , malta or cyprus . 
  the culture in all of them is quite similar to portugal . 
  in ireland we need computer scientists and programmers , as well as workers for the pharmaceutical industry . 
  inaccurate : we do n't say '' top of the morning '' , we are all ginger . 
  accurate : our weather is as temperate as hell . 
  it rains a good bit ( especially in winter . ), 
  german first , russian second , french third, 
  you should go with portuguese . 
  it is spoken by the population of the americas ' second biggest country . 
  it sounds like a slavic language if you want to speak one of them but it is a latin language . 
  it 's a just a conspiracy to get homogay tourists to spend money here . 
  coffee . 
  coffee in shitty irish caf\u00e9s is just hot water with the cheapest blend of coffee in it for between $ 2 and $ 2.80 . 
  you can get real italian coffee in italian places for between $ 1.50 and $ 2 .
