  we just simply have cities , town , villages and townlands, 
  the welsh are sound . 
  the scots are alright . 
  then we have some weird people who worship an inbred family and eat shite bread . 
  then we have some weird people who beheaded an inbred family and eat nice bread . 
  very small . 
  joke rap is actually the biggest genre of rap music . 
  basically stupid , overly polite and extreme capitalism . 
  well my town beach seems to be the beach of the eastern european immigrant . 
  for general stuff frankfurt is the cheapest . 
  by tv audience the matches in euro 2016 outshone the all ireland matches for example . 
  by participation numbers association football is bigger . 
  all versions are very popular here . 
  the hungarian revolutionaries of 1956 . 
  he 's in school history books here at all levels . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's because he was someone who stood up for democracy . 
  we get a lot about poland because of the amount of poles here . 
  the paper of record ( irish times . ), 
  has an extensive article every week on saturday about politics in eastern europe . 
  well the chinese probably visit the balkans talking about how they speak cantonese , mandarin etc. 
  it 's basically nonexistent . 
  i know the slovak community here are the only people in ireland who seem to give a shit about ice hockey . 
  by urban areas then no , it 's going to be somewhere down the list . 
  it 's very common . 
  london is the second biggest irish city . 
  glasgow , newcastle and sunderland are the coldest cities in the world according to many a irish person . 
  north east england and scotland has a rep for getting irish weather in worse forms . 
  the irish stereotypes of scots are just : drunks fat and poor if they are from glasgow , which means they stab each other all the time and fight over the old firm derby . 
  we do n't have anything about tightness with money for ye lads though . 
  most stereotypes people in ireland have of the rest of europe are all quite politically incorrect . 
  it 's not the just the monarchy , westminister treated us , wales , scotland and northern england as badly . 
  1pm and 6:01 pm . 
  ( 1 past the hour to allow for the angelus . ), 
  they are still quite watched but they are quite biased . 
  funerals make up about half of the 6:01 news . 
  we just call our dogs random names . 
  be it waggy , bruno or rex . 
  we are not a `` dog friendly '' people , it 's viewed here as more of a french or english thing . 
  new zealand second . 
  then chile , uruguay or costa rica . 
  i 'm going to be controversial but either trudeau or merkel would probably be quite good . 
  as a foreign opposition leader i would go jeremy corbyn . 
  come out ye black and tans come and show me yer a man !, 
  i learn german at school . 
  i see german memes on the internet but it is a meme across reddit anyways . 
  brandon , daquan , taylor etc. 
  and also using irish and english surnames ( miller , brady , kane etc. ), 
  as first names . 
  longford , but it is like bielefeld it does not exist . 
  the catholic church in ireland supported the usta\u0161e , franco and mussolini . 
  i feel embarrassed just going into this thread . 
  american names are nearly always considered trashy . 
  irish travellers have a thing of calling their kids after pop stars . 
  generic pop music , latin pop , schlager , country and western you name it . 
  they are either called something trashy like shakira or something or just a normal traditional irish name like john joe . 
  st kevin 's the patron saint of dublin , so it 's quite common among all socio-economic groups and age groups . 
  there are enough in europe already . 
  irish travellers are known for cousin marriage . 
  girona area of catalonia . 
  blanes and many other towns on the costa brava but away from the package holidays are beside the mediterranean . 
  the pyrenees and places such as perpignan , toulouse and carcassonne in france are quite close . 
  barcelona is also a stone 's throw away . 
  girona has many restaurants and caf\u00e9s and markets . 
  carcassonne seemed to have more dogs than people , so it must be dog friendly . 
  we just need an inbred family and we can go back to the habsburgs . 
  everything in ireland is nimbyism . 
  i do agree with it to some extent , we could build loads of these stuff when we are building newer areas . 
  all i know about fair city is that some woman has been held in a room for 10 months . 
  forgot the stab city bit . 
  the roscommon one 's hard when most of leitrim voted against same sex marriage , but sure they do n't exist . 
  did you not know that . 
  you are not a true irish person unless you just watch this , sport and soap operas on tv . 
  cavan/monaghan : ira members , criminals dublin : posh people and heroin addicts donegal : boy racers , car crashes mayo : neanderthals longford : bog and travellers ( as in the ethnic minority . ), 
  cork : think they are the best , eat weird body parts of pigs . 
  leitrim : does n't exist . 
  it 's expensive , a bit cheaper than finland though . 
  ( i was in finland last summer . ), 
  by what i 've heard the netherlands may suit you more than anywhere else . 
  it 's not bad here , there is discrimination by upper class shits in dublin towards other people though . 
  most of the country is classless though . 
  vodka , beer , kvass , cognac, 
  yeah . 
  a lot of them where i live are stateless ethnic russians from the baltics as well . 
  ca n't go to the park today because it 's full to the brim of ruskies . 
  that 's it really . 
  i suppose so . 
  here it 's the opposite on sunday , shops open at midday . 
  most shops in my town close on sunday or are only open for 3 hours . 
  they are closed on all public holidays and some of them close for lunch . 
  it 's quite rare . 
  private schools here are mostly for classism though . 
  people here want to vote for nationalists or christian democrats . 
  it 's just that denmark is usually used as a good comparison for ireland in the irish media when talking about eu statistics . 
  dark sarcasm i suppose, 
  $ 2.50 or say $ 5,000.00, 
  the netherlands and finland internet rivalry . 
  we tried to start one with sweden but maybe we should choose denmark . 
  ( because we 'd lose to norway in everything but non-winter sport . ), 
  we start here with talking about how good or bad the weather is . 
  you have just been banned from r/ireland,
