  and in the east we still talk really germanically . 
  where i 'm from we have really strong focus on r. t and th is d. where are they then ? 
  why is there a need for peace walls then ? 
  why is the maniacs in the dup winning all the elections . 
  northern ireland is more conservative than the republic . 
  racism and sectarianism is rife in the north . 
  northern ireland is the place where same-sex marriage is blocked because of sectarianism and they have to have walls to separate areas . 
  there 's a thing in belfast with some filipino family 's house getting wrecked all the time . 
  that would not happen in dublin or cork . 
  the population here is about 200,000 bigger than that which i suppose puts our rate down a small bit . 
  people want us to change to german and spanish and i agree with that . 
  just to tell you he 's an idiot . 
  he wo n't get anything done that he says . 
  the dart is like an s-bahn and the luas is a tram . 
  well you are the only baltic who can into euros . 
  ( euro 2004 . ), 
  http://www.daft.ie/blog/the-daft-ie-dublin-rail-house-price-map-by-stop/ http://www.daft.ie/blog/the-daft-ie-dublin-rail-rent-map-by-stop/ these are dublin equivalents . 
  ( the top is for house prices and the bottom one 's for flats . ), 
  it 's higher in ireland nowadays . 
  happy for what ? 
  how is this a good thing ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad thing either because that eurabia bullshit does n't make sense . 
  the thing is who wants sharia law ? 
  even a lot of muslims do n't . 
  well we do but one of them ( fianna f\u00e1il ) has gone to the centre-left since what was always the 2nd/3rd largest party ( labour ) became big and has imploded due to the fact they were basically a bunch of scumbags . 
  they now are out of government and demanding living wages and shit . 
  well i think it 's because a centre-left to far-left bloc will probably be our government in a while . 
  for some reason here in ireland we hear so much about podemos , the portuguese socialists , the pirate party in iceland and syriza . 
  i think it 's cause it could be the future here . 
  yeah what the fuck has happened in dun laoghaire with the price of houses . 
  it 's gone the most mental seemingly of any area . 
  i 'm irish and would like to know the opinion of our neighbours . 
  ( europe we are all neighbours ) i 'd like to know do you have a favourable or unfavourable opinion of ireland ? 
  to many people in western europe , the iron curtain still exists . 
  even for people born after the 1989-1991 period , there is an `` us and them '' attitude about the difference between western and eastern europe . 
  the only countries behind the iron curtain i have been to are slovakia and hungary . 
  culturally they seemed very different from countries such as ireland or portugal . 
  hungary was much more different than slovakia . 
  it might have been that the people seemed to be much happier in slovakia than hungary . 
  the people in bratislava were much warmer than their budapester counterparts . 
  here are some questions for my eastern cousins : do you think you are better off in the east than you would be in the west or vice versa ? 
  do you think that your countries are backward or not with social attitudes ? 
  what is the main issue in your country at the moment ? 
  i hope people enjoy this and i hope nobody is offended by any of the questions . 
  since the advent of the internet country have grown more a like . 
  i can type this and you can see this , regardless of if you are in tromso or timbuktu , riga or rome . 
  youtube is one of the most popular websites in most countries . 
  in ireland the most subscribed to youtuber worldwide who is of irish nationality is jacksepticeye . 
  other popular irish youtubers are daithi de nogla and little lizard gaming . 
  popular foreign youtubers include comedyshortsgamer and vanossgaming . 
  what youtubers are popular in your country ? 
  so a nation with a third of a million is through to the round of 16 of the euros yet russia struggles to get a point . 
  hopefully this gives faith to all our small european countries that they can do well at any sport some day . 
  i now wonder will we ever see andorra , liechtenstein , gibraltar or san marino getting to the euros . 
  congrats to everyone in iceland . 
  hopefully you 'll enjoy the white night by celebrating till midnight . 
  hopefully real ireland can join you tonight . 
  italy please let us through . 
   ( by the way swamp germans : i feel really sorry for you seeing your country not qualify and small countries do really well . ), 
  england : nothing scotland : oatcakes , only neighbouring country good at tennis wales : good at rugby , are good sports , sing a lot france : baguettes , croissants , food in general, 
  the fact they are amazed at every fucking animal and hill . 
  anywhere with temperate woodland and hills looks similar . 
  i do n't actually know because we have a tiny muslim population circa 50,000 out of 5 million . 
  the truth is we never get past the quarter finals, 
  we have bribery , nepotism , basically every kind of corruption . 
  we are much more dishonest than the rest of the northern europe . 
  yeah , but they 'll still accept it . 
  the postmen know most people in the area so they do n't need to use postcodes, 
  no , it 's because they have to deal with the public 8 hours a day and they deal with people paying their utility bills a lot . 
  royal mail on the other hand across the border in northern ireland is inefficient and terrible . 
  yeah . 
  the postmen are also always really friendly and often workers in the post office will joke with you . 
  our post service is our best performing public service . 
  you can draw a map on the envelope and they get it to you, 
  virgin media ( formerly ntl , chorus , upc , cablelink , rte relays , irish multichannel . ), 
  it has shite customer service , it 's internet is supposed to be 400mb for people i know , they get 10mb . 
  they put their wires through your garden and they 're completely crap in about every shape and form . 
  spain , italy and france . 
  sicily is probably the worst region for english proficiency in all of them . 
  if you speak english they ask you are you from america or london . 
  spain , italy and france . 
  sicily is probably the worst region for english proficiency in all of them . 
  if you speak english they ask you are you from america or london . 
  a townland is a small territorial division of land . 
  all towns , cities and villages have townlands within them . 
  rural areas that are not towns , cities or villages are just divided by their townland . 
  in a county area ( basically like an english shire . ), 
  you are identified by being from a certain family in your rural area . 
  for example at an agricultural mart when you are selling cattle you would be known as john of the murphys in ballygeneric . 
  our mobile phone/broadband network is shocking . 
  vodafone is the only network that reaches most villages and it is $ 30 a month for calls and texts with 4gb data . 
  here in most rural areas or `` townlands '' water comes from a private well on the farm , not a reservoir . 
  a lot of areas in the villages here have septic tanks instead of sewers , which just dump your faeces and urine into a pit . 
  incoming dutch campervan memes, 
  everywhere here has some sort of corner shop ( the most similar type of shop there is outside of ireland would be an alimentari in italy . ), 
  there is no broadband in a lot of rural areas and no mobile phone signal . 
  whatsapp , skype and viber using satellite internet is how people communicate to each other . 
  anywhere with about 2,500 + is considered a small town in ireland . 
  dublin is our only city with 500,000 + for example . 
  in ireland `` hamlets '' do n't exist .
