  well i 'm used to a similar irish crowd as well . 
  if you have very short hair here you are now told that you look `` polish . '', 
  where i live there are polish gopniks everywhere , so i 'm used to the short hair , well built , tracksuit look . 
  add a billion underage children to that picture and you do . 
  the local polski/ruskie/romanian / slovak/latvian/lithuanian shop, 
  we have to watch ads for half of the fucking programme as well as paying the licence . 
  rte is quite shit . 
  the news is quite biased . 
  i suppose it gives us an idea of what life in turkey or russia is like . 
  radio is alright . 
  thank god we have bbc and channel 4 reception . 
  are you having a laugh ? 
  inside the country it 'd probably be someone else . 
  rent - rent in dublin has gone mad . 
  centralisation - which is making rent go even more crazy . 
  putting all our eggs into one basket - if a . com bubble happened we 'd be fucked to be honest . 
  emigration - due to rent . 
  populism - sinn f\u00e9in would bankrupt the country in a week if they got into power . 
  my town has a different accent from the towns about 2-6km away . 
  peace , democracy , tolerance , freedom , equality, 
  local media here is terrible . 
  really fucking terrible . 
  owned by a shitty magnate or the government , so it is ultra-biased . 
  we 've american style diners here , as well as subway , mcdonalds , kfc and burger king . 
  we do n't have `` sports bars '' as everywhere pub here are full of tvs showing sport . 
  fuck no . 
  day after day there is a corruption scandal . 
  we probably have the worst government in northern europe other than theresa may 's administration in london . 
  ireland would be fine . 
  we 've a small muslim population who do n't cause any problems . 
  we 've same-sex marriage etc. 
  we 've basically no syrians if you avoid a tiny village in the middle of no where . 
  i 'm pretty sure most romany would n't actually want that . 
  the norm, 
  well a load of our schools are gender segregated . 
  uruguay , costa rica or chile for being great places to live , but i do n't think they count . 
  probably cape verde or sao tome and principe for just tropical living . 
  well there are paddies everywhere . 
  well ours does n't even sound like standard english . 
  nearly 850 years old . 
  i live in a very liberal area so i never heard one person say something anti-refugee . 
  also it has n't really affected ireland at all . 
  well at least liverpool and arsenal are 4th and 5th . 
  it 's quite scary that the church in ireland with the biggest weekly collection on sunday during mass is run by opus dei . 
  among every age group liverpool is the biggest english club . 
  it 's becoming increasingly common for young people to be supporters of dortmund , barca , real , bayern etc. 
  one of our politicians drove drunk the wrong down the motorway at quite a fast speed and was let away with it . 
  i just used that because in ireland everyone who does n't support man united hates man united and their fans . 
  the problem is that it is quite acceptable to lie here and the culture is quite fucked up in that regard . 
  the old ira were actually fighting in war , which is different from terrorism . 
  they are the german man united . 
  i 'm not but he is comparable with the provisional ira terrorists . 
  padraig pearse 's poetry is quite fucking weird in how he describes young boys . 
  thousands would probably attend the funeral of osama bin laden , does that make 9/11 seem like a good idea ? 
  p\u00e1draig pearse was a paedophile who loved blood sacrifice . 
  you are also mentioning the catholic church . 
  you are really keeping up all the bad stereotypes of the irish, 
  i actually agree with you . 
  his patriot bullshit is imported shite from america . 
  i would like to see a further devolved scotland , however i do n't think an independent scotland would be economically stable . 
  we need an anti-corruption activist in ireland . 
  all we have in our lower and upper houses is corruption . 
  o'donovan rossa bombed london , how is that being a hero ? 
  england for everything . 
  beating one of the big european football powers means a national celebration . 
  ( 1-0 v italy and germany recently . ), 
  we think of amsterdam not the us . 
  well some travellers here do it but that 's fucking weird . 
  it 's the reason why they and pakistanis have so many genetic disorders . 
  i 've heard lake balaton in hungary is quite nice . 
  that 's how you get it in rural ireland . 
  the water in dublin depends on where you are in taste but it 's fine to drink everywhere . 
  most of it is mountain water . 
  your mainly wealthy students who come here to learn english are basically the equivalent of the english who go to magaluf . 
  a lot of them seem to drink underage and smoke . 
  i 'm in bray and the onslaught of french , italian and spanish students is year-round . 
  we also have a lot of american day trippers and domestic tourists who stay mainly midweek . 
  americans , canadians , brits , germans , spanish , italians and russians . 
  where i live is now really busy with tourists . 
  taormina in sicily is probably the most beautiful in europe . 
  russia has a similar culture to other slavic countries though . 
  the irish caliphate is growing . 
  tesco , aldi , lidl and supervalu are the supershops in my town . 
  i do n't think it 's that culturally important . 
  it is a revolutionary song though . 
  most people do n't know what it is . 
  really common . 
  croke park ( 82,000 capacity . ), 
  is usually sold out for games . 
  very small in ireland . 
  it 's hard to come up with a main meal here that does n't include meat or fish . 
  football ( as in soccerball . ), 
  has been # 1 sport for a good few years now in terms of participation and in tv viewership . 
  the second biggest sport is gaelic football followed by hurling , rugby , golf , tennis , athletics , swimming and probably basketball or something . 
  it 's over false allegations of child sex abuse against whistleblowers who exposed a huge amount of corruption in the police here . 
  policemen pretended their children had been molested by whisteblowers . 
  ( the policemen who pretended the whistleblowers had done shit had been some of the people who were exposed by the whistleblowers . ), 
  it 's really complicated but the government may come down because of this . 
  it 's been an on and off corruption scandal for circa . 
  3-4 years .
