  i visit my relatives in the western regions of ireland ( sligo , leitrim and roscommon . ), 
  by train . 
  and ireland has nothing . 
  f ** king hell . 
  i was in treviso 2 years ago and it 's a hidden gem to visit but i did have a sort of feelign that it was a lega nord sort of northern italian town . 
  * watches as rajoy crys . 
  * `` wtf just happened to my country '' he sobs in to this pillow . 
  albanian and bosnian . 
  the main reason they have `` lower '' market share is because of the way that many companies that calculate market share . 
  they calculate by the money spent in each shop . 
  so if lidl had 10 % of market share and say carrefour had 15 % they might actually have the same , as lidl products could be 2/3 of the price . 
  i 'm here in ireland myself but some of my relatives ( cousin and aunt . ), 
  are on their way to paris . 
  are supermarkets open in paris today ? 
  this is just an idea to stop aldi and lidl winning the european supermarket war . 
  he probably wants us to buy in marks & spencer 's or some really expensive shop that people only shop in once a year or so . 
  i have to say i agree , especially with states like alabama and texas trying to prevent it being legalised at all in those states . 
  in ireland out of 26 counties only 2 rejected the referendum , roscommon and leitrim . 
  these are both counties in the much more conservative west . 
  i 'm too young to know but it probably would have been similar in ireland during the late 80s or earlier . 
  we have gone from being the western european equivalent of today 's russia to being up with countries like the netherlands and sweden for things like gay rights . 
  i think the referendum was one reason that the us passed gay marriage . 
  when i 'm talking about `` state-run industry '' countries i 'm talking about places like sweden , not the ussr . 
  the country for privatisation i 'm talking about is the uk since thatcher . 
  the railways in the uk have become the worst in europe for example . 
  more greece itself , but it 'll also damage the reputation of other countries , germany and finland particularly . 
  there is going to be murder in greece over this crap that they 've been given . 
  i 'm not a huge supporter of syriza but they 've been given the worst deal ever , and signed it !, 
  would not be surprised if kke goes way up in the polls in greece , or even the fascist golden dawn party . 
  privatisation only destroys countries . 
  if the worst comes to the worst for greece could they do something like kosovo and montenegro do with the euro ? 
  they are discriminated against to an extent . 
  i do see roma around every so often ( not as much as i would in say slovakia , where some estimates say 1 in 4 people are roma . ) . 
  their mainly immigrants from poorer countries in eastern europe . 
  ( between 20 and 25 percent of people in ireland are foreign born . 
  only a bit over ten years ago it was less than ten percent . 
  it rose dramatically with the advent of poland , lithuania and other former warsaw blocs state 's membership of the eu in 2004 . ), 
  i would say blacks in america are discriminated against more than the nomadic groups that we have here in ireland . 
  ( we 've an indigenous nomadic group here called travellers . ), 
  the guards ( police . ), 
  here do n't go around shooting roma and travellers . 
  i come from an area near dublin where roma probably outnumber travellers . 
  in ireland the roma are often smuggled in to the country by eastern european criminal gangs and then abandoned . 
  they are then homeless and have to beg because they have little education and very poor english skills . 
  there are a few in my suburb of dublin who come to beg from the centre of dublin where they live in hostels for homeless people . 
  they seem to be genuinely nice people who have a hard life . 
  there are many roma jazz musicians around who busk . 
  they are very talented musicians . 
  if they had gone to a music school they could be playing in an orchestra now . 
  there is more discrimination against travellers than roma . 
  travellers live for 10-20 years shorter than the general irish population . 
  they leave school at the age of 12 ( their father seems to take them out of school for the some reason that 's beyond me , against the wish of the mother and her children . ), 
  and have to scam or steal . 
  most people mix up roma and romanians , even though many of our roma are from hungary , slovakia , bulgaria and even greece . 
  ( the greek community is growing quickly due to the greek economic situation , which you can find more about on this section of reddit . ), 
  anyways i hope this has given you a good idea of the roma 's treatment in ireland and most of western europe . 
  i 've read many horrific stories about the roma 's treatment in eastern europe . 
  there are roma refugees in ireland from the balkans . 
  thank you for asking this question which got my mind going and sl\u00e1n . 
  ever since i heard of edi rama i 've really liked him . 
  he 's such a chilled out lad compared to the serbian fella who is crying like he 's a fricking baby who dropped his ice cream . 
  i think dijsselbloem gave him something in the post . 
  it made all of the bulgarian government very high . 
  i very much doubt that my country ( ireland . ), 
  will exit the euro . 
  he 's probably a secret ukip member . 
  he did n't want to go to romania after getting advice from nigel farage . 
  plus he 's pretty pissed off with all of the europe bar his own island anyway . 
  [ phoenix ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_phoenix_ ( magazine ) ), 
  is the president only a figure head ? 
  in ireland it 's more of a personality test than anything . 
  can we have more songs like this and the finnish one last year . 
  they do n't bore you to death . 
   poor-arse squatting slavs ukip voter by any chance ? 
  the champions league ( when will st pat 's or derry or galway or some irish team ever be there . 
  it 's not just the only opportunity to watch spanish or german football on fta telly . 
  the eu . 
  #euroming eurovision and the euros . 
  as well as the 6 nations . 
  french , german or spanish english and irish come first and second , unless you are in some bog in the gaeltacht . 
  we ca n't be third either . 
  pizza what ? 
  people probably eat the least amount of pizza in europe . 
  we stick to our battered sausages and our chinese takeaways . 
  ( every village in ireland now has a chinese takeaway . ), 
  well how many support pegida ? 
  at the expo in milan they had security checks at the entrance . 
  the queue went nearly from the train station to the entrance . 
  a suicide bomber could have blown themselves up before the entrance and killed 10s or 100s of people . 
  same in ireland i would have to say . 
  england : thanks for the bbc . 
  thanks for football and walker 's crisps . 
  ( i 'm really sorry fellow countrymen . 
  i 'm really sorry . ), 
  thanks for channel 4 as well . 
  and the rowntree 's / nestl\u00e9 chocolate . 
  and rugby . 
  and cricket . 
  thanks for sport , snacks and good tv . 
  wales : ye have a great rugby team .
