  that explains the northern ireland fans ' behaviour . 
  it 's in a much better stay than anyone predicted 5 years ago . 
  it was n't even in the republic of ireland that much . 
  yer better off check the elo rankings but yes the belgian team is much better . 
  football is biggest around dublin . 
  in some areas in the dublin area gaelic football has shrunk a lot in the last few decades . 
  where i 'm from football and rugby are the biggest sports , followed by hurling . 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  we still have a good chance against italy . 
  ( their manager conte said their playing a 2nd team against ireland . 
  oh and they want us to go through , just like we want them to . 
  we can into nordic at gdp per capita , education and now our drug problems . 
  can you let us in ? 
  ireland to wales ( dublin to holyhead ) is about 2 hours . 
  we talk as loud as fuck . 
  we wear sports jerseys . 
  we learn foreign numbers . 
  ( uno , due , tre , quatro , what the feck , sette etc. ), 
  we make sure to have something irish to make sure we are not presumed to be from the old enemy . 
  i feel they should replace the national flower of wales question with something about rugby . 
  only rugby fans or gardeners would have any idea about that anyways . 
  ireland is pretty far away from that i have to say . 
  some questions are as easy as hell and some are quite absurd . 
  what are relations like between trasnistria and that other place who wants to join russia ? 
  ( gagauzia . ), 
  does anybody want to join russia ? 
  we need to put sanctions on saudi arabia . 
  we also need to have european-trained , liberal , moderate muslim clerics . 
  this government 's not going to be around for long . 
  fianna f\u00e1il will go up even more in popularity and then they will get rid of the agreement with fine gael and they will call an election . 
  new schools and fancy new builds have them . 
  your average new build i do n't think does . 
  but it would be in a shite economic state . 
  we need the social democrats desperately . 
  enda kenny is a bigger fucking idiot than that hofer lad who wanted to get rid of austria . 
  in ireland for example the population has increased much more since 2000 than these forecasts predicted . 
  nobody predicted the huge wave of immigration from eastern europe to germany , the uk and ireland among other countries . 
  i remember when croatia were joining the eu two years back on the radio they had the croatian ambassador saying that there were 800 croatians in ireland and it was not expected to grow much . 
  ireland has become the top destination for croatians to move to in the eu . 
  in 2010 as well nobody would have predicted the flow of syrians to germany . 
  it is unclear where the next immigration patterns will be from to each country . 
  it is also unclear will the birth rate increase or decrease in 20 years time . 
  how long will it be till ireland reaches norway level ? 
  sure you 'd be as well have some soap from uzbekistan . 
  or a somali opera . 
  they do n't seem to be as neighbourly as us paddies . 
  you could be living beside them and not be aware that they can actually talk . 
  the fecking black and tan chavs can go home then . 
  is the irish one put up by travellers ? 
  st pattty 's day are n't you guys ( nobody in ireland ever says that no. 1 ) protestant ? 
  i love the uk !, 
  slovenia has already done that . 
  this came 15th out of 19 . 
  nicky byrne came 15th out of 18 . 
  so this did marginally better . 
  italy . 
  except there is a reason why italians are coming to ireland like lithuanians , poles did 10 years ago . 
  it 'll just be like the nice and lisbon treaties . 
  i know that . 
  ( serhat from san marino is actually turkish . ), 
  it 's just an irish singer will never be able to sing for the uk without murder . 
  ye are n't going to be let have niall horan . 
  portuguese . 
  san marino 2017 edit : fuck they did n't go through . 
  the two i thought were seriously the best ( estonia and greece , not because they were great but because the rest were shite . ), 
  also failed . 
  the dutch daniel o'donnell goes through instead . 
  bidets are in lots of houses here . 
  i thought only 1 assault has been proven . 
  but attitudes have become more positive since the referendum . 
  what ???????? 
  r/northernireland prepare to get smashed by the real craic dealers . 
  no arancini !, 
  ironland stronk ironland stronk . 
  ironland can into book, 
  there 's a street in dublin that 's famous for these smuggled cigarettes . 
  any chance it could be appealed ? 
  pray for macron !, 
  thanks for following us and choosing another liberal old lad as president . 
  people here in ireland seem to think that serbs are a bunch of maniacs who look up to russia and just want to exterminate every other group in the balkans . 
  ( especially catholics and muslims . ), 
  this is not helping their eu accession . 
  it 's also not helping that the current pm was in milosevic 's government . 
  `` muslim invasion '' you 've obviously spent too long on an alt right sub . 
  the thing is it 's not being racist . 
  it 's very unlike a syrian to speak an afghan language for example . 
  there 's genuine refugees who are waiting years for refugee status because of people faking that they are refugees . 
  that 's only in ` murica though . 
  yeah but afghans look completely different from syrians . 
  it 's like a latvian pretending to be portuguese or moroccan . 
  there 's no threat in dublin . 
  our only isis fighter blew himself up recently in iraq . 
  well every year we give 1 point to the uk . 
  that 1 point 's the orangemen though . 
  well irish is sort of a foreign language which would make it nearly 2.0 edit : after brexit we 'll have to make it 2,0, 
  republic of ireland usually has shite early year education be we seem to have improved . 
  it 's quite high here in ireland at the moment . 
  there 's a lot of attention everywhere ahead of the referendum . 
  in lots of places here though there 's only vodafone who charge a shite tonne . 
  the coverage here is shite as well .
