  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_ ( ireland ), 
  extreme nsfi ( it 's hardcore . ), 
  i do agree with you . 
  low-skilled migration only comes from ee , latin america and china . 
  in italy wages are low and prices are the same as ireland . 
  ( i 'm aware of people in the north of italy being paid $ 3 an hour . ), 
  france and wallonia for some reason ca n't integrate immigrants . 
  people keep saying that eastern europe is racist and homophobic but a significant percentage of french people do not want a homosexual neighbour or a neighbour of a different race . 
  both countries have stagnant economies and little of a future . 
  ( japan is a good comparison . ), 
  alpine countries ( slovenia , austria , switzerland , germany ) and the low countries . 
  ( with the exception of wallonia . ), 
  i like how in germany has some of europe 's highest wages but is n't that expensive . 
  they are significantly motivated by economic factors but it would be the same regardless of where they are from . 
  give someone the choice of say bulgaria or slovakia . 
  it is likely they 'll choose slovakia for financial reasons but some people may choose bulgaria for the climate . 
  well if say belgium or norway or slovenia had civil war i guarantee you more people would be going to switzerland or iceland than would be going to bulgaria or romania . 
  this is what most people see when you say romania : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9d/farmer_and_horse_-_rasinari_-_romania.jpg https://abwallis.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/0afdd-slum3.jpg http://www.rri.ro/files/foto%20engleza/blocuriapartamente.jpg there may be similar places in turkey but it is much more culturally similar to syria than romania . 
  the town ( well it 's been a suburb for ages now . ), 
  near dublin i live in used to be called little beijing . 
  ( it has had a large immigrant population from china and the philippines . ), 
  the town is now a centre of dublin 's mediterranean and eastern european communities . 
  rent here is very expensive but it is still cheaper than most of dublin and is as far most people are willing to go away from dublin . 
  you can have italian coffee one minute and then the park is covered in those polish beach area things . 
  the only fear i have is that some sort of immigrant ghetto is forming in my town . 
  it 's not just immigrants though many dubliners have had to move out here . 
  i 'm not anti-immigration . 
  we should take in refugees and immigrants regardless of how skilled they are . 
  it 's just that the immigrant population should be spread around the urban areas . 
  there is already a strain on property in dublin . 
  ( unemployment in dublin is at pre-recession levels while it is still high in the west of the country and much of the midlands . ), 
  ireland already has a higher rate of other eu nationals per capita than in the uk . 
  it 's a cultural problem it 's not anything to do with islam . 
  ( honour killings do n't happen in say azerbaijan or lebanon or oman . ), 
  the ones in ireland are staying and everyone is expecting a lot of eu nationals who live in the uk to move to ireland . 
  well i mean we literally have about three city sized urban areas . 
  ireland is basically a three city country . 
  it 's impossible to get a gun for any reason except hunting and skeet in much of europe . 
  when i was in finland and estonia there were so many drunks in public places . 
  ( particularly in finland . ), 
  you need to have a law like in ireland or the us where drinking alcohol in public is banned everywhere except licensed premises . 
  i propose the new olympics : gaelic football hurling gaelic handball football while playing in the middle of a winter storm on a waterlogged pitch which is built on a peat bog . 
  boxing with the venue being a local halting site . 
  wrestling in the local halting site . 
  mma/judo/taekwondo in the local halting site . 
  rounders while having a hb ice cream in the other hand . 
  driving irish reg cars through unionist areas of belfast . 
  high jump over belfast peace wall . 
  and finally : the modern irish pentathlon : diving into the canal . 
  predicting when the bus will actually come cross country through leitrim ghost estates dutch gold drinking and trying to get around spanish language students . 
  meanwhile in ireland ... ... ... . . 
  fecking boxing judges . 
  fecking blueshirt fine gaeler unionist orangeman . 
  ireland can not into olympics . 
  not many people here were that excited . 
  the euros were our summer . 
  exactly . 
  when germany won the world cup there was n't thread after thread of that . 
  ireland stronk !, 
  well in our second city ( cork which is about 2x the size of tartu ) there are huge bonfires in any green areas like parks . 
  26th december is best st stephen 's day . 
  in much of ireland we have bonfires for midsummer . 
  it 's just mainly a bunch of people in a rural area burning wood . 
  ( and tires if they are a eurosceptic . ), 
  ireland is penneys/primark, 
  venice . 
  it is way too crowded . 
  st petersburg and amsterdam are similar cities with loads of canals . 
  tallinn is like an underrated prague with it 's comparatively low prices compared to most of europe and it 's german architecture . 
  i thought the baltics were northern europe ? 
  eesti is relevant, 
  breaking news : man in germany stands up while pissing . 
  i doubt many irish people would fight for their country . 
  wexford . 
  wexford town is like an undiscovered kilkenny . 
  the us election this year and the last term in congress is so sad to see . 
  i know this is not about the gop but the dnc were assholes by rigging the primaries so hillary could win . 
  it was also sad that the gop blocked all of obama 's bills for reform . 
  the us would have become a much better place if bernie sanders had have won the race to the white house . 
  ok go back to angry irish reddit and `` europe is perfect . '', 
  the tea party is still relevant . 
  sarah palin is campaigning with donald trump . 
  donald trump is on the fecking news every day . 
  so we do know about the gop . 
  well the tea party is as right-wing as these parties . 
  not all the republican party is but ukip and the pis are to the left of the tea party ,, 
  but they are far-right parties . 
  not just run of the mill centre-right parties . 
  parties like fine gael in ireland , the cdu in germany , new democracy in greece , the social democratic party in portugal and the ovp in austria are definitely not to the right of the republicans . 
  i know . 
  we have mild wet season and warm wet season . 
  where i live is a bit drier so we have mild drizzle season and warm drizzle season . 
  it 's not as bad as in some of the nordic countries though . 
  is n't it claimed though that even some young israeli people have trauma that they have inherited that is related to the holocaust ? 
  they would have had a different response in dublin or some random provincial town . 
  that would be very unusual . 
  where did they go for it ? 
  the northern ireland is n't even part of the same jurisdiction as the republic . 
  how long ago did that happen to your friend ? 
  it would be a very strange incident if it happened this century .
