  dublin is like a magnet . 
  ireland : no . 
  it 's just corruption . 
  well we drink milk with our dinner . 
  it 's here as well . 
  kosovo and belarus . 
  christmas pudding christmas cake ( similar to stollen . ), 
  mince pies trifle, 
  kalev curd chocolate , ritter sport marzipan , wawel dark . 
  also irish cadbury whole nut and fruit + nut . 
  chinese , kebab , burger , indian, 
  well we 're quite a liberal country . 
  we 've good public services with a free market . 
  same-sex marriage is supported here for example . 
  pretty positive which seems to be the case here . 
  cuba does n't have democracy but the healthcare and education is of a higher standard than in most of latin america . 
  venezuela for example is a different case . 
  under chavez it was alright but under maduro it 's terrible . 
  by the way here 's our president 's feelings ( our bernie sanders . 
  ) : http://www.president.ie/en/media-library/news-releases/statement-by-president-michael-d.-higgins-on-the-death-of-fidel-castro, 
  it 's macdonalds . 
  a lot of irish people will give out to me for this but this is just how it is in my family . 
  the family give out presents to each other on the 24th . 
  then there 's usually a dinner ( sometimes in a restaurant . ), 
  and then eating loads of chocolates and mince pies after it . 
  on the 25th everyone goes to church and then dinner 's at 3 or 4 . 
  it starts with prawn cocktail for starters and then roast turkey and ham with roast potatoes , stuffing and roast vegetables . 
  then dessert is christmas pudding . 
  any family i have n't seen presents would be exchanged between the 27th and the 31st . 
  not manchester . 
  for someone from uruguay it 'd be quite an alien city with it 's cold weather and feeling and it 's concrete post-war buildings . 
  well mainly german and japanese cars plus hyundai . 
  it 's quite common . 
  there 's more deer in some parts of ireland than people . 
  early 1930s . 
  basically no one has that hair here in ireland but people will just think you 're a hipster . 
  between 5 and 6 . 
  it is n't the last meal of the day . 
  for a while ( this has happened to loads of people i know . ), 
  the spanish students used to congregate outside my house where they used to do underage drinking and take selfies in front of my house . 
  it can be annoying when the language students shout in the middle of the night . 
  i literally find it hard to live without being beside a sea , lake or river . 
  tourist ( from somewhere in anglosphere ) : `` my grandfather 's uncle 's brother in law 's niece 's great great grandfather 's third cousin once removed 's aunt 's sister in law 's father was irish . '', 
  irish lad : oh that 's nice . 
  tourist : `` does n't that make me irish ? 
  my name is daquan giannakopoulos is n't that a really irish name . '', 
  irish lad : oh sorry i have to take a call now . 
  in fairness my town just gets loads of people here learning english . 
  we also get lots of hillwalkers and sightseers from loads of different countries . 
  ( mainly from the uk , germany , italy , france and spain . 
  there are some from the nordic countries , russia , north america , japan , china , the netherlands and australia as well . ), 
  it would n't be that big . 
  the older generation are more in the anglosphere while we are on the continent . 
  younger people are european citizens more than irish citizens . 
  yeah that is the case . 
  it 's seen as worse as in poorer , intolerant and xenophobic . 
  people have to get from a to b every so often so they drive cars . 
  most car crashes are the driver 's own fault anyways due to taking hard drugs , drink driving and speeding . 
  forcing you to do something that could cost you your life just to give arms companies more money ? 
  that 's a violation of logic not just human rights . 
  our swearing is like british swearing on steroids . 
  you hear children curse from the age of 2/3 and it is thought of as cute . 
  conscription - a violation of someone 's human rights . 
  army - it helps bring peace in un missions to other parts of the world like lebanon and chad . 
  military spending - if it is too much it is a waste of money . 
  neither of those are bad at all . 
  lemonade is either sprite/7 up or lemon juice with sugar and tap water . 
  limerick is known as `` stab city . '', 
  the name explains itself . 
  tayto salt and vinegar crisps breakfast roll, 
  well i only have one choice so ... 
  it 's quite good . 
  we are no. 3 in the world for reading for example . 
  ( only behind the study freak nations of japan and south korea . ), 
  the french are rude and arrogant . 
  the english are boring . 
  the icelandics are suicidal and depressed . 
  there was basically no rap scene until recently . 
  now there is maverick sabre , rusangano family and the comedy duo the rubberbandits . 
  i eat anything that 's not weird . 
  people here go rabbit hunting and fish . 
  the champions league/europa league places in the premier league . 
  when you see that 62 % of people on the other side of the atlantic do n't even have $ 1000 in savings you realise that people in ireland are lucky . 
  that it 's about the size of the vatican . 
  why is sinep so nice compared to normal mustard ? 
  why do people talk so quietly ? 
  i believe in a god well i was christened so i can get into school . 
  i do pray sometimes . 
  snooker is quite popular here . 
  snooker is shown on tv . 
  well poland is a symbolic country being in between germany and russia . 
  it 's also near the baltic countries as well as scandinavia . 
  people in ireland are quite hospitable . 
  european first and irish second . 
  if i was in a similar situation to what the people of kiribati are in i would just move to another european country . 
  i would go with poland as the visegrad group are not best friends with all the countries that have been taken already . 
  being quiet and not having kids . 
  you have to shout like a fucking maniac . 
  ( oh yeah you have to curse all the fucking time as well . 
  fuck and feck are the only two words you need to live in ireland .
