  all those french cartoons for kids are dubbed into english . 
  probably not . 
  more like netherlands boring . 
  we have the most boring temperate weather possible . 
  that 's ireland about every 30 years . 
  russian planes have definitely visited these countries though . 
  [ all hail the king !, 
  well if donald trump lived in slovenia for one year he could become a citizen . 
  australia does n't want us anymore . 
  :( we do n't want to leave anymore though . 
  hopefully someone can take the lad out of the country somehow without him being spotted . 
  shit i made a mistake . 
  i thought you were below the fella who said it was all filmed in europe . 
  and the mexican peso is a european currency while the pound is not, 
  they basically voted that because they are desperate at this stage . 
  the daily express and the sun told them that the polacks and the muslim turks were going to take over the country . 
  well northern english people are n't . 
  there is a lot of classism in southern england . 
  being on social welfare in ireland is looked at as that you are unable to work or you lost your job . 
  in southern england you are suddenly a benefit scrounger and then there on shite programmes on channel 5 demonising you . 
  it has n't helped that the tories put money into the financial sector instead of industry which could create jobs for working-class people . 
  a lot of that money has been wiped away as well in the last few weeks . 
  i agree with / u/collectiveindividual . 
  the uk is northern and western europe 's disgrace in the fact that the conservative party just keeps on increasing inequality . 
  there 's a programme on bbc called sister rita to the rescue . 
  it 's about an irish nun in manchester working in an impoverished area . 
  the poverty that people are suffering is unimaginable for it to be in a developed nation . 
  it 's like ireland 30 years ago . 
  ( at a time when irish gdp per capita was on par with the ussr . ), 
  cuts to the healthcare system make the health system better ? 
  that does n't work at all . 
  new forms of treatment can not be introduced and there is likely to be a trolley crisis for example . 
  ( look at the nhs at the moment . 
  it 's the same with the hse in ireland . ), 
  this is bullshit . 
  the nordics and canada should definitely be in the top 10 or there abouts . 
  spain and argentina made jumps because of austerity . 
  what is this shite ? 
  i 'd say with nigel 's drink habit he 's gone there on a stag at one stage . 
   polaks are you a member of ukip or something ? 
  mediterranean , isles of the eastern atlantic ocean southwest of norway , north of spain ( excluding scotland and donegal in ireland . 
  they are coldholes . ), 
  and the low countries have an alright winter climate . 
  tea is a drink , coffee is a drug . 
  we could increase child benefit and have something like tax rebates for couples who have children . 
  ( the cost of living is putting many people off having children . ), 
  promoting having more children could be a solution . 
  it 's become the social norm in some european countries such as finland and italy for couples to have no children . 
  in ireland it 's near frowned upon not to have children . 
  moving retirement age to life expectancy would be suicide for politicians . 
  the fact that 50 % of people would die before being able to retire seems like something out of north korea . 
  guess you have been reading too much of the indo . 
  i 've never heard of the polski mujahadeen or the islamic state of serbia and greece . 
  he 's not a troll . 
  germany 's welfare system will crash if they do n't start having more children . 
  ireland seems to be the only country where live is getting better . 
  house prices are two high at the moment but it is different from the 25 % inflation and unemployment of the 1980s and the fact that rural electrification only took place in the 1960s . 
  no. 30 for the us is for being less corrupt . 
  no. 138 is the most corrupt country . 
  in ireland people still have a children . 
  i did see something that says that people who are over 35 are excluded from the fertility rate statistics , which is making a small difference . 
  well if though he does n't play for england a good example is bradley wright-phillips . 
  his grandparents may not be english but his parents are and he was born in england so he is a british citizen . 
  that is the law of the country . 
  the law overwrites your opinion . 
  so half the english football team is n't english or european ? 
  thank you serj for your answer !, 
  do you feel that armenia is a russian puppet after joining the eeu ? 
  yeah . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't know what the jackpot is . 
  i think it is one euro or something . 
  when i was in finland this year in every shop i went into there was always at least one person playing on the slot machines . 
  i even saw some sort of state-run slot machine place in a shopping centre . 
  they are nearly banned in ireland . 
  the maximum you can put in one is $ 0.03, 
  it 's much better than the rest of the country . 
  public transport in dublin depends on the area . 
  the area i live in has the dart ( it 's like the s-bahn in vienna or a german city . ), 
  and regular buses . 
  ( buses are on strike today . ), 
  it is soon expected to get the tram as well . 
  wedel is very nice . 
  here in ireland : http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/education/report-says-just-13pc-of-traveller-children-finish-secondary-school-34147971.html and then when they want to improve their lives public pressure has to be put on schools to get them in . 
  when you are irish you are the expert of rural backwaters . 
  all our population is in about 2 areas of the country . 
  dublin has 1.4 million people and then you have county leitrim which has a similar area to dublin and has 30,000 people . 
  is n't this some rural backwater though ? 
  people in berlin and munich are going to be voting different from her own state . 
  did this come out of the osama bin laden meme ? 
  life outside dublin is not as bad as northern england . 
  life in the west of ireland is quite grey . 
  it rains way more than in the east of the country and alcoholism and mental health issues are problems . 
  how about muslim african immigration to the us ? 
  well that 's basically all of europe for you . 
  ( except the uk . ), 
  nationalisation means we have a better quality of public services . 
  i would n't mind paying high taxes if i had good public services . 
  you mention genocide . 
  to many irish people that is like a serb saying that srebrenica was just a small incident .
