  also the social democrats . 
  we have n't released q2 yet . 
  lots of people are returning from their summer holidays today . 
  germany is taking in 800,000 . 
  that is 1 % of their population . 
  lot 's of them are n't irish . 
  did n't we have some swede trolling us for a while ? 
  just back from protesting against water charges . 
  just an ordinary day in an ordinary piigs member . 
  we are pro-eu ok . merkel gave us loads of debt and did n't give a shite . 
  why is she not going after eastern european countries that are n't taking any ? 
  we could take in about 30-45 ,000 , but we are taking in immigrants again , but this time from the balkans , bulgaria and romania . 
  i support what germany is doing , but they have a shrinking population . 
  30,000 is what ireland should take in . 
  that is bullshit : http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/irish-economic-recovery-continues-with-6-5-growth-1.2301940, 
  we still get it in ireland though . 
  bbc programmes are sometimes as watched as our national broadcaster . 
  ( which is pretty crap . ), 
  it seems like syrians do n't know ireland exists . 
  they probably think they are being picked up by somali pirates when they are being rescued . 
  we do beat up turkish scammer lads . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's against international law . 
  ca n't you not feed yourselves with fish ? 
  there 's a difference between having chicken or having something that 's against international law . 
  politicians are real animals . 
  the population does n't decline in todoroslavia though . 
  they 're breeding like rabbits over there . 
  the supermarkets also had so much imported food . 
  they had lots of products that would be available in ireland such as weetabix or irish oats . 
  i know a polish guy but none of his family are left in poland . 
  his part of the family are in ireland and his cousins and grandparents , aunts and uncles are all in germany . 
  it 's very hard to generalise the polish immigrants who have came in to our country . 
  most are very hard working people , but there is a minority who just abuse our social welfare system . 
  they seem to be heavier drinkers than the irish ( i know right ! ), 
  they are frugal and do n't be wasting money like some idiotic irish people do . 
  they often work low-paid jobs on minimum wage . 
  education under communism afaik in czechoslovakia and just after the velvet divorce in both countries was the best in europe . 
  only poland , estonia and slovenia have maintained the very high level of education that ye all had under communism . 
  i noticed that slovakia was much cheaper than hungary . 
  prices in the supermarket in budapest were the same as in my local supermarkets in dublin !, 
  what happened to bergamo ? 
  or my hometown of bray . 
  have we turned into some sort of village . 
  feck , i never realised montenegro was another of these authoritarian countries in eastern europe . 
  i thought it was the next eu member , which is definitely not an orban-type situation . 
  whenever i see a chinese government official next , this is what my reaction will be : http://images.sodahead.com/polls/003741865/5129141222_kid_w_middle_finger_xlarge.jpeg, 
  most people love non-english players playing in the english league though . 
  it can be pretty hilarious though when people hate the teams . 
  when sturridge and suarez were playing each other during the 2014 world cup and were both liverpool players , people were cheering when suarez did well and booing when sturridge or england touched the ball . 
  toulouse and porto for the eu 12 . 
  outside of that i would choose bratislava . 
  not for long though ... ... ... ... . . 
  ireland . 
  the majority of people support an english team . 
  younger people are starting to support spanish , german and italian teams though . 
  we 'll have to pray to the economic god that it does n't affect the eu . 
  i do n't want it to feck up the european phoenix . 
  i had an anti-racism thread i set up a week or two ago , and it was deleted straight away . 
  it seems like you have to be neutral on everything now . 
  we have a generous social welfare system here . 
  if you have no job you can survive pretty well . 
  our main problem is the price of buying and renting property in the dublin area . 
  i do n't think we 're in any of them . 
  we are just improving anyways . 
  ye should all give ireland a medal for having children . 
  we 're improving which is good . 
  did the parents of the kids not ring the guards when some strange fella just popped up at their home looking for their children . 
  it 's also a pretty racist term in ireland as well . 
  maybe it 's different in the countries that used to be behind the iron curtain . 
  what do you mean ? 
  portuguese = eastern european trying to speak spanish . 
  it sounds like = shpandois esh un carta . 
  song pedro esh un morta en ... scandinavian languages = somebody 's freezing : it sounds like : oonder bergan schander ochen alten . 
  dutch = 50 % scandinavian , 35 % german , 15 % english . 
  it sounds like = vander uhden ajden ehden . 
  zandun righden arter zarden . 
  french = random noices . 
  it sounds like = un twa le de muuzer a la cutewa . 
  spanish = arabic mixed with italian . 
  it sounds like - = el hapohierco per kay es un marayza . 
  es un ha merca . 
  german = well it 's well german . 
  russian = weird . 
  it sounds like = slavskaya markovo priev prievakovo . 
  these fellas are horrible eejits who are part of a much wider racist gang , who might have been watching the man for a good while . 
  rte is the government mouthpiece . 
  it loves fine gael , the cdu etc. 
  tv3 is just like a tabloid . 
  the irish times is our guardian , the irish independent is like the daily mail . 
  ( of which we have our own edition . ), 
  it was really warm this week . 
  25 degrees in dublin one day . 
  today it 's foggy and 18 though . 
  greater albania shall rise !, 
  ireland needs to join though . 
  the easter rising was jihadist-type blood sacrifice . 
  independence at a table was much more gentleman-like and proud . 
  may 22nd 2015 we voted for yes . 
  rail privatisation has destroyed the british rail system .
