  we can build more housing estates with no facilities . 
  yeah !, 
  on flood plains in leitrim . 
  yeah !, 
  sell 1 bed terraced houses for $ 500,000 . 
  yeah !, 
  and bed sits in edgeworthstown for 3/4 of a million euro . 
  yeah !, 
  and buy apartments in sunny beach !, 
  yeah !, 
  and worship bankers and corrupt politicians !, 
  yeah !, 
  hopefully we can win the eurovision next year and get to the world cup qfs again in 2018 . 
  private sector wages in dublin up 5 % this year with -0.1 % deflation . 
  public sector wages are flat . 
  we 're more expensive than countries such as germany and spain , but goods are the same price as france and italy and a good bit cheaper than the uk . 
  http://www.expatistan.com/cost-of-living/comparison/dublin/london ? 
  same in ireland ( a large proportion seem to move to my dublin suburb . ), 
  and the amount of caf\u00e9s have gone up because of them . 
  most irish jokes about other countries are true stories . 
  like my dad 's ones about being stuck in a lift in some german resort in a canaries . 
  it is not pc enough to say here . 
  irish people say we do n't have good growth . 
  but we do : http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/irish-economic-growth-outpacing-rest-of-europe-says-ibec-1.2173163, 
  compare that to the social democrat 's number . 
  can only find one . 
  they wo n't get votes as their leader sounds like a f ** king idiot . 
  nigel farage seems to actually sound smart and can go for votes . 
  defo not in ireland . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/24/us-europe-migrants-germany-iduskcn0py1ie20150724 as this last thread shows there seems to be a lot of racism against innocent refugees in europe , particularly in the former warsaw bloc . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are loads of far-right bots on here that have nothing to do so they just keep commenting on reddit . 
  but many of the people coming from syria are well-educated with university degrees . 
  hyundai are the fastest growing car brand in ireland . 
  they are currently being sued by kim jong un for copying his slogan . 
  some of the anti-immigration eejits do n't some to realise that before all of this new immigration to europe that europeans continually left to other nations such as canada , argentina , the us , australia etc. 
  some of them even say `` if the muslims take over europe , i 'm moving to the us '' and stuff like that . 
  then you are an immigrant in another country . 
  junkie criminals , ira heads of criminal gangs etc. 
  in northern ireland it would be common to have 2 or 3 a week . 
  ireland is some hipster drinking guinness at the counter , talking to the owner of the bar germany . 
  greece is in the corner playing cards with france , both of them smoking under the no smoking sign . 
  italy and spain are watching the `` big match '' on the telly , eating antipasto and tapas . . 
  the uk is talking to switzerland and norway about a brexit . 
  edit : portugal and the netherlands are both smoking weed in the corner while the russian security guard is beating the ukraine and georgia right beside them . 
  albania and bosnia are having a fight with serbia outside in the beer garden . 
  hungary is weeping in the corner . 
  moldova is drunk under a table with a ghetto blaster playing some songs by o-zone . 
  slovenia and austria are the `` cool kids . '', 
  more to come . 
  no wonder hungary is the way it is, 
  of grenades or bombs actually going off yes . 
  once a month one is defused . 
  this is crazy . 
  one a year but not four a week !, 
  everybody used to love sweden . 
  until you f ** ked up in the pisa tests . 
  now everybody hates the place . 
  except minecraft players . 
  all of us in europe need to watch out for the far-right . 
  there could easily be a far-right terrorist attack on somewhere like the camps in calais or a migrant detention centre in hungary or italy . 
  it 's horrifying that people are voting for the kind of people who brought this continent into war nearly 76 years ago . 
  western europe is a multicultural place these days . 
  there are people from sao tom\u00e9 and principe and uzbekistan . 
  people from suriname and vanuatu . 
  people from every place on this very earth . 
  but these far-right parties are trying to get rid of the multicultural greatness that modern europe has achieved . 
  here in ireland some people with an iq below 10 have set up a party called `` idenity ireland . '', 
  they have very few policies which do not include getting rid of immigrants . 
  here is a link to their stupidity : http://www.the42.ie/identity-ireland-questions-answers-2232841-jul2015/?r_dir_d=1 if we stay strong we can stop these monsters . 
  they try to brainwash you to think all muslims fight for isis , that all african immigrants are stealing our social welfare and so on . 
  europe is a great continent and we need to keep it great . 
  keep our greatness europe . 
  keep our integrity . 
  they would have a hard time during ramadan during the summer . 
  it is . 
  it was a joke that nobody seemed to get . 
  but the ruling party in the italian government are the exact same ? 
  while both halves think that canada is the poorest country in the world for some stupid reason . 
  the democratic party sound pretty good but the others sound like the tories or fine gael . 
  ps when i read the word moldova all i hear in my head is `` numa , numa iei , numa iei '' and so and forth . 
  half of america mixes up the czech republic and chechnya anyways . 
  here in ireland it 's been between 18 and 25 degrees all summer and it 's really funny when it 's 18 and you see the icelandic tourists looking like they are burning to death . 
  who cares if you 're unemployed in greece because alcohol is free . 
  bad for being a factory of isis fighters . 
  good for hating putin, 
  nigel farage, 
  i make a toast to belgium for putting mussels with chips . 
  and for speaking 3 languages . 
  a thing i noticed when i was in portugal ( other then your custard tarts . ), 
  is the standard of english is very high compared to spain or italy , due to tv being in english with portuguese subtitles . 
  thank you and this has given me ideas for the irish football team ... ... ... 
  they are luring the children with the nutella as cnn told me !, 
  http://thedailyedge.thejournal.ie/cnn-isis-kittens-nutella-1946398-feb2015/ save nutellalicious europe !, 
  * tries to think of finnish words . 
  when you do n't lock the door you get an indian woman 's voice saying : `` please lock door to ensure privacy '' and a message of `` thank you '' when you close it . 
  when i was younger i used to think some woman was trying to kidnap me lol . 
  i do n't have a car so i rely on it . 
  it 's great getting the dart into dublin city centre . 
  i can also get the intercity train to wexford and rosslare europort . 
  when i get the dart i can change trains in connolly station to go to sligo or belfast .
