  it feels like i 'm playing gta, 
  damn , you cought me !, 
  you ca n't tell me what to do !, 
  people actually care about the game and want to help it make it better, 
  i really like a lot of them but i recently changed my ring tone to [ day tripper ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwt2qwpctb4 ), 
  third time 's the charm !, 
  actually i do n't think i 'll be able to play . 
  i have an exam the day after early in the morning ... 
  when the druming intensifies his face reminds me of a turtule, 
  wireless mouse ? 
  you do n't get some input lag ? 
  i use the logitech g400s i love it, 
  yea i understand , i asked this because i play a lot of counter strike and an accurate mouse is one of the most important things . 
  i used to have a wireless mouse long time ago and the battery dying was really annoying, 
  why the downvotes ? 
  deathmatch mode, 
  / u/trollabot shinkir0u, 
  / u/trollabot lasr, 
  the way a did it was becoming very good on 1 hero that you like to play . 
  when you want to play it go ranked and try hard , when you want to have fun and mess around with new heroes go unranked, 
  i guess it depends on your mmr , i started spamming wind at 1.6 k and i 'm now at 2.3 k , i also played other heroes , but it was with wind that i climb the most . 
  no doubt that having 3 or 4 heroes you can play very well is better than just 1 though, 
  yes, 
  and what about the sunglasses ? 
  same thing to me , i 've been at the beach most of the time and when i 'm home i 'm playing other games . 
  but i still want to play minecraft , just did n't find the time or the motivation yet, 
  i recently created a themed account for fun , and i 've been posting pictures i take and browsing pictures with with that same theme , it can be fun, 
  kotl is pretty good because you can spam your stun and illuminate on top of that, 
  [ the stonehenge ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbyzgeee2mg ), 
  ahah i had a lot of them in random chests , its ok :d, 
  how do you know your sister is having her period ? 
  your dad 's dick tastes like blood, 
  i 'm going to try that , thanks !, 
  how do you know your sister is having her period ? 
  your dad 's dick tastes like blood, 
  i find it very easy to to centre the ball , just shoot it sort of to the side and it will always end close to the goal, 
  if anyone who 's playing on the server wants a flair with his nickname , just let me know and i will add it !, 
  i just found this videos about the money systems , they are very useful, 
  basics - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iun3uxgzwyq, 
  advanced - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryi8n0pm-fg, 
  i am building a mini-game at a server with some friends , and the mini-game as a lot of teleporting and everytime a player gets teleported the comandblock writes it on the chat and since there are a lot of teleports the chat window is allways full of spam ... is there anyway to disable that ? 
  i was thinking that we could implement a currency in the game , for exemple lapis lazulli since it is pretty much useless for anything else ( like real money :d ) . 
  imagine that you need a slick touch pickaxe , you could talk to someone that has one and buy it with lapis . 
  or imagine that you need one million stacks of wood planks , you could buy it from the other players . 
  the shops we have set up like the v store would start to use it . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  for my surprise there are none left , did they died with the baby zombies maybe ? 
  today i took a look at the spam filter of / r/shinecraft and i discovered that there are a lot of legit posts that were marked as spam . 
  i removed all of them from spam and i am going to try solve the situation , meanwhile if you notice that your post never made it to the subreddit come talk to me that i 'll take him away from the spam :d, 
  thank you and sorry for the possible english mistakes, 
  and that they are all mine !, 
  unless of course you have some cool ideas for community stuff :d, 
  i use [ this ] ( https://www.khanacademy.org/ ) a lot , it is very helpfull for science and math !, 
  but it sometimes misses what i 'm looking for , do you know alternatives for it ? 
  hey there , i just made the shinecraft like a diamond twitter and connected it to / r/shinecraft which means that every post here will be posted on twitter as well ( unless we post more than 5 in half an hour what i think that is not going to happen ) . 
  here is the [ link ] ( https://twitter.com/shinecraft_ ) and make sure you follow us !, 
  ps : the best avatar image will be chosen to be the twitter avatar !, 
  hey there , i 'm trying to revive [ / r/student ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/student ) so i thought that a new logo would be a good idea . 
  a variation of the standard one to make it like a student would be nice . 
  i can also trade them for 1 cs : go case key if you prefer :d, 
  i 'm new to dota2 , i played the tutorial to the end but everytime i play with other people i have no ideia what should i do neither what is happening ... other problem i have is that i do n't know what hero to choose , should i choose randomly everytime until i find one that i like ? 
  can you help me ? 
  i decided to write this because my team mates almost killed me on a match yesterday . 
  tell us your stories !, 
  i 'm going to start with mine : it was probably my physics teacher from the 11th grade , she could n't solve an exercise that she did n't make , if we asked why our answer was wrong she was n't able to explain us why never and if we figured out that she was wrong she told us that we were wrong ever, 
  p250 field-tested, 
  galil field-tested, 
  five-seven field-tested, 
  - m4a4 factory new, 
  - m4a4 mnimal wear, 
  and any combination of the above skins with equal value, 
  * edit * i do n't have any of those anymore, 
  hey there students !, 
  i 'm the new mod here . 
  i am a student myself and i 'm in charge of reviving this subreddit :d, 
  so i would like to ask you why did you subscribe to / r/student and what content do you want to see here . 
  thanks for your help !, 
  hello people of shinecraft !, 
  as you all know the map will to be reseted when the 1.7 comes out which means that when the pre-release is released there is going to be very few time and will for us to build . 
  and that is why i want to ask you if you want to make the * amplified challange of awesomeness * . 
  i just came up with that name . 
  my idea is too have competition that starts on the pre-release launch and ends on the 1.7 official release . 
  the objective is to see who builds the best builds in that small amount of time on survival in a brand new amplified world !, 
  tell us what do you think about it , i ca n't decide on 3 people 's opinion :-), 
  hey there , i made ~ ~ / r/csgomapmakers ~ ~ for all the mapmakers that want to help , be helped and show off their work, 
  edit : as / u/csdailynews suggested i think it would be better to have the sub for all versions of counter strike , so here you have / r/csmapmakers, 
  hey there , i 'm starting to make a de _ map for cs : go and i want it to be night time , i mesed around with some settings but it never looks to late night , furthermore there is n't any good night sky texture . 
  any help is appreciated :-), 
  hey there , i just want to say that i 'm participating on this challenge to make sure can control myself , not that i 'm addicted to anything but i find this challenging and i want to see how far can i go, 
  and apparently the 1.7 update will be on friday so i 'll ask again , do you want to play this 4 days in an amplified world just for the fun ? 
  edit : please ignore all of the texte above , lets just kill the dragon, 
  hello everybody !, 
  the update that changed the world is here and we are going to reset the map . 
  the question is , when do you want to do it ? 
  we have n't killed the dragon yet but i think we do n't have to . 
  i know that it would be a lot of fun if we all could join and play together the beginning of this new shinecraft although i 'm afraid that wo n't be possible . 
  sexytoby will be without internet for the next 3 weeks and it will be hard to join everybody because of time zones and stuff . 
  i would say reset it right now , or tomorrow , or whenever you want :d when do you want to do reset the map ? 
  we all had strange dreams , which one was the most strange ? 
  i have a g400s that can go up to 4000dpi , is there any disavantage on having the sensitivity so high ?
