  makeup . 
  amadeus , it is fucking mozart , there ca n't be any better, 
  where is faceless void ? 
  i 'm a the moment working on a degree in engineering and i will make a master ( ? ), 
  after that . 
  i 'm not sure if i am going to work on the same kind of engineering but science is the way to go !, 
  me and my girlfriend read a book about love that often mentions your show `` seinfeld '' . 
  did you make a research about love and used it on the show ? 
  do you think that your show had any influence on the culture of love ? 
  if it did , how ? 
  an let us name the demos !, 
  `` the only person you wo n't see dying for sure is yourself '', 
  and de_train is missing the enlarged pathway next to b, 
  oh that 's true , did n't even noticed !, 
  sorry for misleading, 
  the problem with ink farms is that you wo n't get many ink sacks unless there is no water around ... and this is minecraft , there are ocenas and lakes every where, 
  yea i do n't fell like doing huge just to dye some glass ... 
  watabout nades and smokes skins ? 
  at spawn yea , but right next to torgues arena . 
  you 'll see some snow it 's there, 
  sintra is astonishing , i really recomend, 
  thanks !, 
  very helpful !, 
  btw , which set up would you recommend for someone learning ? 
  oh thanks !, 
  after seeing the link from / u/kiyiko i 'm going to try adjust it myself, 
  thanks !, 
  they are for electric guitar for sure . 
  it says `` electric guitar .10 '', 
  how can i tell if they are warn out ? 
  because i have no idea how they are supposed to look and they look pretty good for me, 
  going to do that , thanks :d, 
  that makes sense , thanks, 
  great !, 
  it does n't need to be just now we can wait a week or two . 
  it just needs to be done, 
  100 times yes for this one !, 
  thanks !, 
  btw , can ai use your sword to squid hunt ? 
  i can leave you a double chest of cobble in the end , if you want to make it faster you can take it from my desert hole right behind the squid auction, 
  `` i 'm on fire !!! '', 
  really ? 
  let 's call sherlock to solve this one, 
  i thought that * how i met your mother * was one really good show , then i started watching * friends *, 
  we call that silo `` yellow '' as well as the area right next to the grill on the inferno where there used to be a yellow machine as well as the train that leads to the ladder on train . 
  just because they were all yellow things on cs : s . we also call `` stairs '' instead of short on d2, 
  like tutor.com ? 
  is it good ? 
  i heard about it before but never got into it, 
  you do not get karma from text posts , ah ah !, 
  sounds good to me , 
  i am sorry to inform you but at the moment we are not accepting anyone , it is written on the wiki . 
  hmmmmmmmm , it might be a good idea , i do n't know if i would play there but it can be fun i guess, 
  i might actually, 
  since my mmr is around 1800 + -, 
  `` omg noob team , lich is 2-5-17 '', 
  i am sorry to inform you that we are not accepting anyone at the moment, 
  i tried to discuss this on the skype call we all have , the few who responded agreed with me . . we have a lot of people now and the server is not very active atm , i do n't think filling it with more and more people is the solution , the server will be more active yes , but just for the first 2 weeks . 
  look at the last guys who joined , they played a ton on the first month and barely connected again, 
  i am not deciding this by my self , we all decide everything !, 
  ask the others what do they think about that , this kind of stuff should be decided in group , ask on the skype call if nobody stands against i guess it is ok . 
  if you are going to play more i am ok with that, 
  yes , someone created it a long time ago , i though you were in it , just added you, 
  as you probably saw we are reconstructing the spawn village :d and we accept any help, 
  it is great that you are playing again and playing in the spawn :d, 
  about the buildings , the grey one is there for ages and never got any more completed that it is right now , so i guess you can take it down, 
  the quartz one is a fist fight arena that toby started last week and should be finished in a close future, 
  no problem !, 
  nice !, 
  btw , what do you want to build ? 
  is it secret ? 
  clay is a real pain in the ass to get , but i bielive someone found a meza biome somewhere , i guess you coulg there . 
  i can give you some coal though :-), 
  ooooooooo , that maks everything much harder ... 
  i think i have some bricks i made by mistake , were can i deliver everything ? 
  i never felt very attracted to moded minecraft but i 'm 1 in 15 :d, 
  looks much better than what i had in mind , i guess i 'm going to try it :-), 
  he was also the last guy that was sentenced to death in portugal what makes portugal the first country abolishing death penalty . 
  source : i 'm portuguese, 
  toy story . 
  the things they can do ... scary, 
  doctor who, 
  how i met your mother, 
  friends, 
  great !, 
  when editing a comment write what you edited, 
  i customized mine because i 'm used to play counter-strike ,, 
  awsd - move camera, 
  zxcvbnm - items, 
  1234 - abilities, 
  spacebar - select hero, 
  e - stop, 
  q - deny, 
  r - select all units, 
  t - select all units but hero, 
  shift - voice chat, 
  f1 - hero, 
  f2 - courier, 
  i am gon na say void because is initiation + ulti is just insane . 
  but what about lone druid ?
