  0 , i have some skins that i bought with money from selling other skins and cases, 
  thanks !, 
  i would love to team up with you althoug i 've been busy as hell . 
  it on tye workshop !, 
  also , you might be interested in / r/csmapmakers, 
  add me on skype : arrozchauchau, 
  that near the auto-brewer 9001 rafael is building :-), 
  thanks !, 
  ** basic timing rule **, 
  * ct 's are always the first to reach the bomb sites, 
  as a really tall guy i find the posture tip really hard to llow , i do n't have a bad posture but tend to lean my head forward a lot . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i do n't think i can , sunday morning ? 
  there are double piston extenders , triple piston extender and much more than that , some of them have limitation , you can check / r/redstone for more help, 
  and in portuguesevas well, 
  i 'll take care of it, 
  lol , add me on skype then !, 
  what is ttt ? 
  i just want to say that for mapmakers there is / r/csmapmakers then, 
  you probably mean mindcrack . 
  it is a vanilla private server where a bunch of well known youtubers play some survival . 
  check / r/mindcrack and browse them on youtube :d, 
  i think that there is only one that is facing the right way , all the others are backwards, 
  someone with lots and lots of secrets, 
  i know , but ct 's are always a bit first . 
  on both dust2 b-site and nuke a-site , if there is no flashes the ct 's can prevent the t 's from entering the site . 
  it should always be like this . 
  if you have a bomb site where t 's can prevent ct 's from accessing it something is badly wrong, 
  yes :d, 
  over 2 minutes , it was crazy, 
  pm me, 
  i do n't want to desagree with you , but as an european i belive that a billion is a 1000 000 million, 
  * vai para a puta que te pariu * from portugal , that would mean go to that bitch that gave you birth . 
  it is a stronger variation of the classic son of a bitch, 
  i 'll do the same, 
  yes we do , i do n't know how to update it to the snapshot though, 
  ok , i 'll talk to him, 
  oh i did no remember that . 
  forget about the amplified thing , lets kill the dragon !, 
  works for me, 
  yep , that happened to me a few times and also got some screenshots . 
  happened before on source too, 
  everyone can and should participate , the main objective of this competition is to get people into map making and keep the map makers learning new things and praticing :-), 
  very nice !, 
  start with easy stuff like fy _ and aim _ maps, 
  i wanted to reboot when the majority of us can play :d, 
  nicely done !, 
  i 'll be able to play today at late night around 11pm greenwich time , i hope to still find some of you around :-), 
  be able to use a knife needs skill as using a regular weapon needs , the diference is that everybody can see eachother what makes it balanced . 
  imo the map side is determined by the players skill , could it be more fair ? 
  how much do you need ? 
  you can go for anyone , but i would say that cs : go is the best choice, 
  ninja edit : words, 
  cs : go , minecraft e dota2, 
  i still think that it is better than 452132 zombies, 
  or just change the knife spot , for example on the de_dust2 you can knife on that platform between t spawn and t ramp that 's a fair spot . 
  on almost every map you have a nice flat area . 
  but a knife round dedicated map would be nice as well, 
  amazing !, 
  as a southewest european guy i ca n't cook without garlic and olive oil, 
  my exgirlfriend, 
  nicolas cage , every single movie . 
  olive oil goes great with pretty much everything , absolutely flawless, 
  as tantas ja nem vale a pena arranjar, 
  very nice !, 
  i got a lure iii unbreaking iii luck of the sea iii rod the other day , are n't we fishing a little to much ? 
  congratulations then !, 
  it is kills/deaths/assists is n't it ? 
  you could argue that you were the best player on your team , the others just stole 45 kills from you, 
  well played then !, 
  the community crop farm needs bone meal to work :d accepting donations !, 
  ahaha it was probably me , fixing it right now, 
  it is fixed now , i also updated the players list , tell me if i forgot anyone :d, 
  do n't worry there will be another one next week !, 
  thats great , the community crop farm could use some bones :-), 
  nova, 
  personaly when shooting to far away it is hard to see the enemy with the middle dot + a smaller crosshair should ckear the screen and therefore make it easier to spot the enemy on some situations, 
  mais portuguesa ? 
  i want to bild one myself !, 
  i have that project since the last map !, 
  wan na build it together ? 
  lets do the redstone together and pay someone to clean the area :-), 
  i 'll give you a stack of cobble + everything you mine while cleaning the witch hut area , deal ? 
  i used it yesterday and watched much more than 8 websites , did n't get any coins though , have any idea why ? 
  that would be helpful thanks :d it is more just make sure nothing can spawn on around the witch hut , like half slab everything or torch it or something like that, 
  make a 1-wide 3x3 door, 
  lol, 
  no thanks , vralka does it for free :-), 
  fix all the bugs , just that, 
  yep :d, 
  / r/shinecraft we are a small white-listed server and accepting people , check out the how to join post and send us your application :-), 
  i do this pretty much all the time . 
  i rarely eat anything but carrots, 
  19 engineering student, 
  nice, 
  hipster, 
  you can keep them :d, 
  it should n't be taken srsly although team killing is not cool , does n't matter where you are, 
  breeding milions of animals just to kill them and take their skin to make shoes and their meat to make dinner . 
  in the future we will be able to grow meat and skins cells from diferent types without actually have the animal,
