  the ban thing brings bigger issues that i want to discuss them with you later , but i keep my point of view : we all know each other , if we ask everybody please do n't leave running contraptions on the server , i think that they will pay attention to not leave and if they do it was not on purpose . 
  thanks for informing me :d, 
  i want to, 
  here i keep my point of view as well , i think once more that we all know each other and we can ask for good common sense instead of impose it to everybody . 
  furthermore this brings the other issues that i talked about on the creative server bans post . 
  i want to talk to you about them, 
  with everything that has been happening i hope that people will pay more attention now, 
  i would like to be able to download the mm demos, 
  awesome !, 
  not bad at all , but do we need 32 slots ? 
  yeaa that makes sense, 
  on the source one i belive it is supposed to be very cloudy , and the sky colour may change depending on where you are . 
  do you live in italy ? 
  if you place s slab on dirt , grass will not spread to that block . 
  although if you place a slab on grass it will spread to the dirt around it, 
  my idea was reset on the pre-release to make this little competition and resent once more on the 1.7 official release to start a new regular map to play like we have been playing, 
  this resembles the elysium movie, 
  i am voting on the first one, 
  that should be ok . quality is better that quantity , 
  is it a really good village ? 
  that is a shame, 
  you kind of look like a turtle with those head movements :-) it is really funny to watch, 
  not at all , but i think it will take a long time though ... 
  it depends on the surroundings but i would go to the left, 
  sure !, 
  just try to ignore ideas like blowing up eldolf 's stuff, 
  i 've been playing for the last 5 years with a mouse and keyboard acer that were given to me when i bought my computer , and some shitty speakers my dad had in the office for 10 years . 
  in the last month i got a new mouse ( logitechh g400s ) and some plantronics headset , the diference is huge, 
  hmm , i like that :d, 
  the p250 is amazing . 
  sometimes i use the ump45 on those wierd not-enough-money-for-the-ak / m4-but-you-need-to-buy rounds . 
  lately i 've been also using the aug and the terrorists one ( i ca n't remember the name ) they are good for a distance , but for middle range not that good . 
  mp9 is by far the worst and i hate the tec-9 as well, 
  if it is edolf 's stuff should be ok , but it ca n't be anyone 's else :d, 
  wonderful !, 
  the water looks wierd though ... 
  really nice , i 'm afarid that the plots might be a bit small though, 
  really nice !, 
  i guess i 'll have to watch fox forever without my remote control, 
  kangaroos , kangaroos everywhere, 
  hmmmmm i have n't thought about that . 
  it is really a problem, 
  i have the exact same problem at nova 3/4, 
  i hate those . 
  how i 'm i supposed to listen carefully if the teacher ca n't say 2 sentences without changing topic ? 
  this subreddit exists for about 1 hour i do n't think i should expect much more subscribers for now ... my idea is not to fracture the community , i do n't want to stop the maps posts on / r/globaloffensive , i just thought that would be nice to have a place that is specialized in mapmaking where i know i can ask for help and have people that experienced my problem and can help me to solve it , where i can try out a new awesome map and give my thoughts and discuss them with other mapmakers and the creator about how can it be improved and why . 
  did not think about that ... 
  but [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/csmapmakers/ ) you go, 
  thanks :d, 
  i did n't know that existed , i guess my sub does not make sense then ... 
  i am going to direct my sub more to gameplay rather than hammer problem, 
  how can i redirect it ? 
  i have seen a few videos before , did n't like what i see though ... 
  when i created / r/csmapmakers i did not know that this sub existed otherwise i would n't have done it . 
  but now that is done i would love if we could work together , i hav . 
  no intention of fragment the community . 
  since this sub is related to hammer problems i 'll direct mine mostly to gameplay and other issues . 
  it is good to mention once more that there is no need to break the commnity , co-operarion is way better than no relation, 
  thank you :-), 
  i did not played it , although from the screenshots i 'm afraid it is too dark , on counter strike , be able to see the enemy clearly is a really big issue, 
  thanks !, 
  there is already a link on the side bar for yours :-), 
  i would !, 
  specially if you have a solid idea for the map . 
  i think that watching someone mssing around trying to figre out something that could have been thought before might be a bit boring . 
  i will try them as soon as get home, 
  really nice !, 
  try some redtone stuff it is very challenging, 
  hmm thanks , i am going to try that, 
  so you made a facebook group that is basically / r/minecraft, 
  i now that , the main reason is that it can be really hard to see the enemys , but i have a plan that can solve that problem !, 
  if it does not work , changing the light back to normal is not a problem at all :-), 
  thanks , it sure look great !, 
  ahah , fair enough . 
  a big portion of the shooting will happen indoors were the sunlight really does n't matter , and for the outside area there will be plenty of artificial light on relevant spots ( where you need to see the enemy and therefore be seen ) . 
  take de_nuke as an example : if the yard did not exist or if it was properly iluminated at the main spots ( garage , the place where you shoot from garage , the little roof , the a entrance , etc ) , it could perfectly be a night map . 
  what do you think ? 
  i might be wrong :-), 
  there is always section of the maps that you need and there is no action there ( de_train : the stairs and corridor from t-spawn to the area where you have the ladder to a and the other corridor to b , de_nuke : from t-spawn to the little roof . 
  and i can give you a few more if you want :d ) because there are timings and rotation to control and you 'll never ever have an entire map of action . 
  my favorite thing about night maps is that it looks amazing !, 
  i know that playing a map where the visibility is very low is a pain in the ass and nobody wants that . 
  but i have a dream !, 
  a dream where awesome looking maps can also be awesome gameplay maps !, 
  a dream where you can have a truly competitive map that does n't look like a bunch of walls with some textures on it !, 
  if i make a night map that is n't played , i 'll change it to day of course , i want a map that is fun to play more than it looks good , although i hope there is a mid point where you have fun playing it and it looks awesome . 
  my map at the moment is an idea and a layout drawn on a piece of paper , i made a couple of maps to cs : s and this is going to be the first time i use hammer in 1 year or so . 
  if you are interested in making this map with me feel free to pm me :d, 
  nooooo , i 'm to late !, 
  is it possible for you to stream earlier on weekends for us europeans to be able to watch ? 
  have you tried dota2 already ? 
  i discovered the moba genre with league of legends and hated it as well , but after a few weeks i tried dota2 and it is awesome, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll mess around a bit wit those settings :-), 
  pretty acurate actually, 
  / r/csmapmakers, 
  that is a good challenge !, 
  specially from the gameplay point of view , everybody as the same shape , so you really need to think to come up witygh a level more enjoyable and balanced to play, 
  use youtube, 
  the only way i can think of is giving a bow with flame,
