  studying regularly . 
  i wish i could ... 
  indeed, 
  i forgot that . 
  yeaa , you can shoot who the hell you want it really does n't matter, 
  i know , i fished a lot to pass you in the first place, 
  yes you were , for a few day actualy, 
  i have the exact same problem . 
  i think that practicing more might help but sometimes is just ridiculous it is like they feel good correcting half finished tests, 
  a universidade \u00e9 fixe, 
  r3d craft , it is really good . 
  it is n't updated for 1.7 yet though, 
  i 'm not sure if i like it , it is obviously not suposed to be there, 
  i 'm afraid your friends coughed his penis heart . 
  that means he 's penis is going to slowly die and fall . 
  and do n't think that is the same thing ... because the xp famrs and that kind of stuff are based on the game mechanics and breaking bedrock is just a bug , bedrock is the only block that you should n't be able to break , never . 
  but i really do n't care , use it at your will !, 
  i might even use it myself :d, 
  is fixed , i would probably use it as well, 
  probably a p250 smoke , i 've never opened a case though, 
  flip a coin, 
  it should be updated soon . 
  almost no pack is updated yet , there are a lot of new textures , give it some time . 
  all the older textures are working , only the new ones look like default . 
  and since the pack is pretty similar to the default it wo n't make that much of a diference, 
  lemon tea, 
  this is deep as fuck, 
  do n't use dirt !, 
  enderman can take it . 
  i 'm going to give you some cobble i have, 
  hardcore in general is pretty challenging , unless you start your world torching up everything, 
  edit : words, 
  you do n't need to be a new player to feel this, 
  khan academy is your friend, 
  e-readers , for that price i can buy a decent tablet, 
  very nice !, 
  cat !, 
  naaa that is just my inicials, 
  7.5 , is it too high ? 
  i really do n't like to swing my arm around to turn ... 
  and how can i know my mouse 's native dpi ? 
  but why ? 
  should n't i be able to move smaller distances in screen with higher dpi ? 
  and how can i know my mouse 's native dpi ? 
  thanks :d, 
  thanks :d, 
  better than d2, 
  exactly !, 
  it isn not the thay 're bad maps , i like them , but if you eat a good steak every meal for a long time you 'll get sick of it, 
  i would like to kill the dragon , but i 'm 7k blocks away from spawn and i do n't have nether tunnel neither good gear ... 
  the witch farm is taking more time than i thought it would ... 
  parkour skills, 
  i am having a hard time defeating don chikolio, 
  `` desportista '' is the person that does sport , and it referes to both woman and man . 
  it is `` autor dos livros '' , he forgot the space . 
  and if you are using portuguese from portugal use `` sumo '' instead of `` suco '' , they mean the same but `` suco is the brazilian word and `` sumo '' is the portuguese word . 
  i would also write `` o meu autor favorito ... '' because you are referring to a specific author : your favorite one . 
  you 're welcome :d yes , in portugal nobody says `` suco '' and in brazil i think that nobody says `` sumo '' but they mean the exact same, 
  well i did not know that !, 
  `` i believe i can fly '', 
  that all makes sense despite the fact that it does n't , dota2 is a superior game :d, 
  you ca n't tell me what to do !, 
  i never played cs 1.6 , always have been a source player , since i got global offensive ca n't play anything else, 
  i think you are walking a bit to much , you missed a couple of shots because you started walking before you shot, 
  that guy with one knee on the floor, 
  i play with 60hz and sometimew i can see it not beeing smooth , for example when i 'm close to a wall and quickly look to far away to a dark spot ( defending appartments on inferno or lokking from lower tunnel to short on d2 ) but apart from that is ok, 
  you can also do that to a man you do n't love !, 
  science !, 
  i bought myself a g400s because i heard lots of people complaining about razor mouses breaking 1 year after beeing purchased but i also know people that boght one and never had problems . 
  i absolutely love my g400s , never had any problem it is just amazing, 
  why ca n't pumpkins be placed without a block below and melons can ? 
  yes, 
  i share vralka 's situation , i 'm have exams until the end of january/beginning of february though i might find some time to play, 
  gold farm , easy one . 
  i thought about do one myself, 
  i would n't say to stop them from playing ranked , but we could choose to que only with microphone guys, 
  happened the same to me , but only the 2 bottom blocks did not get blown up, 
  on go it sucks hard , on source you can pull some pretty good kills out of it, 
  it has a flaw though , it is a barrier for new players as well , nobody wants to play 100 games with hackers before getting to the real stuff . 
  but you ca n't find hackers there , sure it is full of people that do n't even understand the roles but in cs you would have people that ca n't understand tactics + hackers . 
  this is just my opinion . 
  i think that restricted mm is way better than what we have now but might not be the best option for that reason, 
  yes , that is true , i did n't think about that ... 
  edit : typo, 
  if you want to learn german duolingo is your friend, 
  fight club, 
  or a pause system like in dota2 , that would be sweet, 
  in dota2 it works very well and it is a 10vs10 game , you can pause and anyone can unpause like 1 min after , if you are playing with nice people and explain properly why do you need to pause they 'll wait . 
  i saw a post on / r/dota2 about a team the ended up waiting 45min for a guy that had his windows updating , they ended up joining each other on skype and talk for a bit while waiting for the guy to resume the game, 
  i do n't take it wrong , but i still believe it works , from my point of view dota is a game as team dependent as cs and has the same kind of people playing ( those who have no idea what a team is and those who have ) so if it works in dota it can work on cs . 
  plus it would solve the * my computer crashed and i took 6 minutes to reconnect and that gave me a penalty * problem , because you could just have the game paused for 3 min until you reconnect, 
  this is true if you are into brazilian portuguese . 
  in european portuguese you wo n't use `` ter '' with the same meaning as `` haver '' . 
  which one are you into ? 
  that is also true ahah , we are 10 million people in portugal and 200 million in brazil . 
  try duolingo i think that it teaches the european portuguese , i 'm not sure though . 
  you can also ask here specifically for european portuguese or you can try / r/portugal if you really want . 
  i do n't know but it is a pain in the ass to take them anywehere, 
  try / r/csmapmakers, 
  the problem with witches is that they throw potions of poison and that brings you back to half a heart,
