i started my own youtube channel a few weeks ago - https://www.youtube.com/user/arrozchauchau, 
  i 'll be very happy to colaborate with you :d, 
  i thoght it was a joke like `` firstworldproblems '' but then i realized it is just retarded, 
  i planted them after taking the screenshot , do n't worry :p, 
  underground , i had a lot of work removing all the stone, 
  needs a fat guy, 
  finaly someone with the same opinion !, 
  :d those pixels are really anoying , building with large glass areas always turns out to be ugly . 
  e as grojetas costumam rondar os 10 % . 
  i would love to work with you :d, 
  i 'm good with redstone , i overflow maturity , speak english and portuguese it is pretty close to spanish . 
  i also have a youtube channel dedicated to redstone : https://www.youtube.com/user/arrozchauchau?feature=guide ( it is all in portuguese though ), 
  this should be on r/wtf, 
  it is all about the title, 
  i think thats an awesome idea !, 
  who is he ? 
  i 'm really new to surfing : /, 
  oh ok , that 's a really hard man :d, 
  i 'm in the exact same fase as ou are , and i really do n't know what to do either :p, 
  it looks awesome !, 
  can you transform it into a lighthouse ? 
  or is it in a bad location ? 
  it is a private one , it has its own subreddit though . 
  / r/shinecraft, 
  as you can see mine is working :d, 
  as you can see , mine 's working !, 
  ahah , it 's done !, 
  like the idea !, 
  baby cows are shorter than the adults , just have a water stream flowing into a wall that only has a halfslab space in the bottom , the baby cows will pass thru but the adults wo n't :d if that does n't work try a full block space , if that does n't work either just search on youtube , there are a lot of really good videos there, 
  i think you just need to make a staircase to the adults pit , because babys will follow the adults , i 'm not 100 % sure though . 
  if that does n't work try to make a water flow design like the mob grinders ones, 
  i had the same question , but i could n't even figure out how to make the empty world , can anyone help me , please ? 
  thanks !, 
  why not remove all items and give the specific item 1-tick after ? 
  you may entered my underground farms ahah , i 'll have to check that out though . 
  i 'm making a floating village myself on that exact same ocean so space can be a problem for us :p i think we are in a massive ocean , so if you travell further away you will probably find more space over thge same ocean :d, 
  ok , i 'm building mine directly above my portal and my farms and my going to a wind theme with a lot of windmills and stuff :d, 
  ok , i 'm building mine directly above my portal and my farms and my going to a wind theme with a lot of windmills and stuff :d, 
  cool !, 
  left one , quartz do n't go very well in a jungle . 
  they are both cool though !, 
  i checked it out yesterday , it is really cool !, 
  and it is a really good store , since we are all starting now :d, 
  you can find it at adobe web site , it is called adobe photoshop :-), 
  seems cool !, 
  i just use the standard classic light blue , i do n't even have my autoexec enabeld, 
  you can use 5 droppers and a hopper insted in this fashion : http://imgur.com/lzf5pcx, 
  where droper n4 is automatic activated 1tick after the n3 . 
  to reset everything just give power to the hopper while you have a clock firing every hopper , the item wo n't flow to the hopper as loong as it is powered so iit will stay at dropper n1 . 
  i hope i expressed myself in the right way :d, 
  check if is with the right orientation , if it is check if it isnt beeing powered by something else . 
  you are probably powering it while powering the hopper . 
  because if the dropper is allready receving power it wont activate, 
  here , take my floating house : http://i.imgur.com/5hz6xbh.png, 
  not bad at all , i had an eficency iii ... 
  sometimes that happens to me on multiplayer, 
  i am slowly working on that , lag doesn t help though, 
  thanks !, 
  i know i know , i tested it out :d, 
  everything but your camera !, 
  i have absolutely no idea lol , but i think that is a great project to build all together at the same time ( or the best we can do ) !, 
  ahaha , happy cakeday !, 
  oh lord jesus it 's a fire !, 
  thanks !, 
  i do !, 
  it is really cool :d, 
  i allways put them on the right wall and when there are dark spots on the ground, 
  you can only keep the inventory with the gamerule , and for the death count you can use scoreboards, 
  diamonds are too valuable and you use them all the time for tools and armour , lapis is the only ore that has no use at all :d, 
  i think we are enough players :d, 
  that is why i thought about lapis , to give it a use on the game, 
  i am making something on the server that envolves bets , and would be usefull to have a universal form of richness, 
  that is a good one , but it might be to rare ? 
  and lapis has the advantage to be stored in blocks ... but that 's a good one :-), 
  yeah i thought about it and we have small comunity where the socialism model aplies very good :d, 
  i think they spawn on the already generated chunks , do n't they ? 
  you can dorwn them , just dispense water and have a block over it , they will drawn and the drops will fall to the hoppers, 
  it is a really good one , i 've had the opportunity to see it and it is truthly beautiful :d, 
  thank :d, 
  did you like it ? 
  thanks :d, 
  much better yes !, 
  ahaha what does it spawn then ? 
  i spent a few hours generating that massive snow biome searching for horses ... 
  where is the sloth ? 
  i want the sloth !, 
  * playstation 1, 
  that is why i think it was a baby zombie , they were only sealed with a trapdoor and the babys can walk under the trapdoors, 
  with 1.6 they track villagers from a greater distance , i think that maybe some spawned at the spawn xp farm . 
  i was n't even there , it was n't my fault !, 
  it looks much better now :d he will love it !, 
  we did !, 
  it took us a lot of time and work and two dead villagers , but we finished it !, 
  paul had some villagers , we brought them through the nether and made them breed up there . 
  minecart rails can be useful :d, 
  that is going to be hard since it is almost at sky limit, 
  is n't spawn the shop center ? 
  that is going to be awesome !, 
  i like to offline 2 to 3 times just to make sure :d, 
  no problem .
