  his pole numbers are not an accident , bigots of that variety know to stay quite . 
  well i did n't expect to see the local news here . 
  also , repost . 
  pride parade routes are well known as foreseeing the collapse of the roman empire . 
  i do n't hate irish people , i hate terrorists and bomb makers . 
  they just happen to be irish . 
   it was clear that charlie hebdo -- of which riss owns 40 percent -- was also done with muhammad mockery . 
  this comes just a few months after cartoonist renald `` luz '' luzier said that drawing muhammad `` no longer interested '' him . 
  well clearly they should do so even they do n't want to , for free speech of course . 
  editorial decisions are basically giving hitler what he wants . 
   how they treat women . 
  you must love reddit then . 
  the other discussions tab says a lot . 
  no reason to make it any easier . 
  well clearly he should be made to do so anyway to spite those darn muslims . 
  they drew muhammad , they made their point , there 's other editorial interests to pursue and they ca n't burn space on one every issue . 
  charge royalties for democracy . 
  where 's that ? 
  which * department * issues both a rifle and a shotgun for regular officers ? 
  which agency issues both a rifle and a shotgun for regular officers ? 
  sarcasm is the appropriate answer to the daily mail . 
  and under which law will you require recipients of public assistance to move based on cost of living ? 
  the refugee camps are in the vicinity , is fighters can be found right on the border . 
   can someone help me understand this ? 
  ever tried distributing aid in a war zone ? 
  are we going to give out gas masks for the chemical weapons ? 
   build mosques on land they see as theirs so they believe in private property ? 
  i do n't think that 's the correct spelling of by-laws either . 
   ban on pornography and a ban on the promotion of homosexuality . 
  sounds like the conservative theocracy does n't need any help from muslims . 
  it 's not like phone taps were invented in 2002 , give us a little credit . 
   colour of mutti 's knickers not wearing any . 
  sings abba in the shower . 
  or he scanned his signature so the secretary that typed this could paste it in and send it . 
  how many retired public servants need their official form letter of thanks ? 
   also , how 's the spying going ? 
  unabated . 
  a transparent document background . 
  what about it ? 
  because all the billboards blocking the view . 
  the whole thing ? 
  we 'll send you a copy of the one he has . 
   shot down well no wonder they have problems , their banks keep trying to fly away . 
  i 'll be glad to sell you all the reserve currency you want . 
  he ai n't that special . 
  so the immigrants are stealing the water now ? 
   mega-mosque does it transform into a tank ? 
  the emergency meeting for new elections will be in december . 
  looks like we just need to cut off the supply of cotton/polyester blends . 
  should n't one of those be basque ? 
  it 's clearly bigotry , but it 's a socially acceptable bigotry . 
  a consolation lime-a-rita . 
  dick always light up the room . 
  we 're gon na build a water park . 
  you mean to tell me they have n't burned to the ground because of the evil feminists ? 
  and by entitled i mean entirely . 
  currently only washington , oregon , and colorado are ~ ~ entitled ~ ~ entirely vote-by-mail . 
  most other states use it for absentee ballots . 
  after bin-laden peacefully surrendered into the custody of the united states ? 
  i should have known he was actually a trout . 
  ooh did they get any tax records ? 
   fair trial because someone in germany thinks bin laden is innocent ? 
  i would love to hear the european plan for peacefully arresting him . 
  the passports that political refugees would n't have been given to begin with ? 
  as far as i know isis does n't pay any wages , so they were still not employed . 
  if an of them fly over you can keep them . 
   are wiping the floor with siemens . 
  i do n't think health & safety department would like that . 
  it 's true , he people do it for him . 
  he runs too fast . 
  greece . 
  still safer than syria . 
  someone who does n't know anything about detroit . 
  does he typically talk about himself in the third person ? 
  so is our lot . 
  given that email address , i 'm not sure this is an officially endorsed communication . 
  just like everything else ukip says . 
  hammond to start modeling for big & talk magazine . 
  it 's been a long winter . 
  they need some relief ... of their pants . 
  i 'm just surprised to see the frequiences refereed to in cycles instead of hertz . 
  why ca n't the british integrate into european society and values ? 
  what , no anti-us ? 
  are we not evil enough for them ? 
  so it 's like the french ? 
  it 's worse than i thought . 
  welcome to / r/europe . 
  devil you know vs devil you do n't . 
  half full because we can look at his several years in office for clues to the future , a successor could want to double down to show strength . 
  home cooked meal and some snuggles . 
  hiking the appalachian trail . 
  we will be glad to take all those pesky devalued euros of your hands . 
  can i be first ? 
  they punch them until they ca n't compete . 
  your struggle is great , but i 'm sure you will one day overcome . 
   `` the data are not suitable for simple conclusions , '' the paper writes . 
  not that it will stop anyone . 
  so they 're up for grabs ? 
  gon na have to try harder really , we 're already used to great satan . 
  we can get him a great deal on a qe horowitzer .
