  if their mother only saw her son 's on an occasional basis then far all she may have known how far gone they were . 
  well i should hope happy is n't the feeling he has over needing lethal force . 
  i wonder if he 's looking at the camera , or actually the person holding it . 
  or using the reflection of the lens to look behind himself . 
  you new around here ? 
  living in fear gives the attacks what they want , i 'm not going to do that . 
  a lot more than 150 people die in traffic accidents , which one should i be more scared of ? 
  the hotel should turn down a paying customer ? 
  that 's strange , i would have thought the person who was responsible for hitting someone is the person who hit someone . 
  facebook does n't have to open their platform to anything they do n't care to welcome . 
  i 'm glad to see our leadership has been noticed by our partners . 
   she is pro gay . 
  except for repealing their right to marriage . 
   she is very similar to bernie sanders . 
  except for repealing gay marriage the first chance she gets . 
  so did the border guard not think to look where he was shooting ? 
  that bullet had to go somewhere , and the bridge was n't moving . 
  what 's the turkish post office charge for an international letter ? 
  good shop , although her face does n't seem very centred in the hood . 
  this is some german chocolate kek . 
  they used the original pen tool . 
  pretty long . 
   ban pop songs eh , there 's a few . 
   you can always dress up militants as civilians and make accusations . 
  or dress up civilians as militants . 
  which is actually just a copy of your comment . 
  good luck with 1 nuke per warhead-carrying-sub . 
  no comment . 
  jinxed it . 
  everyone forgets that time jfk kneecaped nixon in an alley . 
   young adult male foreigners as opposed to the young adult male non-foreigners , who engage in drunken mob violence . 
  we 'll trade them for the little green men with the buk . 
  at least find some rebels who know how to hide shit in a barn . 
  driving a missile platform across the border , right after a plane gets shot down ? 
  oh shit , you figured out our master plan . 
  fire does n't discriminate on either point . 
  well of course not , russia ca n't annex itself . 
  when refugee shelters were being set on fire , commenters here described it as the logical conclusion of their anger . 
  you find it that difficult to believe that a person fleeing iraq or syria would know , even be related to , other people trying to leave iraq or syria ? 
  they could have family they are able to help , or may able to safely move some possessions knowing they can travel normally . 
  may not be a good idea , but that 's never stopped anyone . 
  i really do n't think their going for a beach holiday . 
  well we know who has and has n't been watching * madame secretary * . 
  explains all the new army volunteers . 
  like recent military history in the baltics ? 
  many of which just happen to be infantry members enjoying their vacation . 
  yeah , russian military . 
  i hear crimea has had a lot migration recently . 
  i 'm not sure if the wolf looks happy to be rescued , or agitated to have his picture taken . 
  so once they find the border , what do they do ? 
  i assume they first close their eyes and spin around to get dizzy . 
  this may just extend winter . 
   gingers wo n't be affected , only brown people ! / s they 'll quickly be red anyways . 
  can we just get the dog ? 
  * not soros !, 
  by op actually . 
  it 's not like those three years of professional development in energy research could have resulted in skills valuable to the uk economy . 
   grazed the calf of the first one and ended in leg of the second i 'm sure they can walk that off . 
  having a diplomatic passport might make a difference , although it 's not clear if the customs agents were given that level of detail one way or another . 
  assuming customs agents even believe you , being a former head of state does n't change any customs rules that i know of . 
  does the former pm carry a diplomatic passport ? 
  claiming to be the former pm of norway is n't going to get anyone anything . 
  ideas for less-childish actions ? 
  has the corgi 's sniff their shoes , see if they bark . 
  his firing from dni was for incompetence . 
  `` wrong direction '' `` test '', 
  measures a rockets actual trajectory . 
  fbi only cares if they plan to come back . 
  best cartoon bear i 've seen all month . 
  people follow embassy twitter accounts ? 
  gon na miss you . 
  joe biden is known for being odd . 
  amazon shipping has gone really low budget . 
  only world leader that can beat him in a fight . 
  nauru only had the occasional human rights abuses . 
   source ? 
  because even it security professionals say that what the us intel community released as `` proof '' is absolute bogus and not enough to point fingers to anyone . 
  except for crowd strike . 
   you have to hand it to the guy , he has played obama and his advisors well over the last couple of years . 
  have n't played the russian economy out of the sanctions , or the price of oil . 
  oh no , you ca n't blame america for all the crazy . 
  the one is someone whose messages is mostly shitposts . 
  how many square-meters of rooftop panels could be installed for the same investment ? 
  cnn has n't had alex jones on . 
  does germany let reanimated skeletons run for office ? 
  well of course it is . 
  you do n't have fun at school . 
  next they 'll be expecting enjoyment . 
  it 's the american way . 
  retired ones ? 
   but please , i beg of you : do not medically `` treat '' minors . 
  that your professional psychological opinion , doctor ? 
  i propose a contest for the biggest sword that can be hidden under a comfy winter coat . 
  i know , it 's just awkward english . 
  do they say where in italy this refinery is ? 
  the name of the refinery ? 
  how long the fire has been going ? 
   to register islam the whole thing ? 
  well since we need some help with the screening ... 
   and change your name to something easily pronounceable by the locals .
