[ well fine then ] ( http://media0.giphy.com/media/ldj72x5piny7u/200.gif ), 
  have we tried replacing flags with racecar ? 
  you guys want some peanut butter ? 
  very capable , but dealer parts are a rip off . 
  opened or closed ? 
  make up your mind truck . 
  why not both ? 
  exist . 
  i do n't recall that working out so well for that region so far . 
  well shit , all they had to do was ask . 
  were fans of their booze and hats . 
  just do n't do it to the previous pope , he 'll go palpatine on you . 
  so they 're getting web browsers ? 
  opinions . 
  a big pile of euros . 
  i 'd expect there 's some coal ash around , that 's not much better than rod coolant . 
   ** russia ** , we are turning back into 20th century and communism do you want to start with the cuban missile crisis , or should we skip straight to reagan ? 
  let ukip air the crazy out , make him look good by comparison ? 
  works over here . 
  worst case we ship him to wisconsin . 
  * plays top gun theme *, 
  so whose evil headquarters is it ? 
  what 's the civilian casualty count up to ? 
  i was just waking across it across the ocean for a friend , honest . 
  what do you think we 're spending all this money on ? 
  if you 're not encrypting it before it touches any network , you should not do that . 
  not georgia . 
  he has the appropriate beard for someone wanted by interpol . 
  the laser fills the cockpit window . 
  we might be able to spare some of montana . 
  no , the secret service would have just shot it . 
  sorry belgium , we 're just not into you . 
  this guy is hilarious . 
  just for people carrying large duffel bags and constantly checking their watch . 
  you 've never been to america , have you ? 
  live leak and voice of russia ? 
  some fine sources there . 
  square root of -1 . 
  we use your money to light our non-cuban cigars . 
  yep . 
  they can keep the though . 
   probably because america , unlike europe , is not a profoundly racist society you 're white , are n't you ? 
   ps : i also do n't understand this `` friendzone '' thing . 
  is it really happening ? 
  like , in the real world ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a situation that involved a `` le friendzoning bitch '' in my life . 
  it happens in that people use it as a cover for treating women poorly and not getting away with it . 
  200 years is certainly old , but not ancient . 
  stonehedge is ancient . 
  100km ( ~ 62 miles ) is about the threshold for a noticeable amount . 
  in the us at least , it 's more about time spend traveling than distance , and 100km is about an hour on the highway . 
  we have plenty of small cars , and round cars . 
  limos are a novelty , pickups are a vehicle of utility ( mostly ) , and farmers tend to be in the country . 
  i do n't know anyone who thinks of the week starting on sunday . 
  thanksgiving celebrates a part of american history , there 's no reason for it to be exported . 
  mostly in it for the food anyway . 
  not all american schools have entrance exams . 
  the only ones i can think of that do are the ivy league schools . 
  university can be a lot of money , and student debt is one of the largest debts held in the us . 
  even at the federal level , this makes it sound like the fbi is the only law-enforcement agency . 
  us marshals , drug enforcement agency , bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives , border patrol . 
  everything gets its own agency to an extent . 
  i 'm not getting into gun politics . 
   while a good deal of americans find them offensive or disrespectful ( especially from non-americans ) . 
  i do n't know where they got this ridiculous notion , but that 's what it is . 
  the only time i ever hear the term political correctness used is when people complain about it . 
  we do have enshrined speech protections , but does n't exempt you from consequences , and certainly not from being called an asshole . 
  there 's something like a 1,000 federal laws and privileges that come with marriage ( mostly taxes ) , so it 's not at all completely religious . 
   for instance , there are widely followed conventions about sleeping on the 3rd date . 
  men know they should n't expect to see a woman again if she insists to split the bill ( `` check '' in ame ) at the end of their first date . 
  i must have missed this memo . 
   it is almost required to have a military history to become president no . 
  it helps , but that certainly did n't stop the current president . 
   the us military has also been known to use of gangsters and criminals for their `` killing talents '' you should n't get your military history from movies . 
  delicious stereotypes . 
  i do n't think you can really run in a busy airport . 
  gon na be hot out , remember to drink enough water . 
  * house and the senate , which combined form the us congress . 
  you triple posted . 
  long stretches of empty dessert ? 
  i believe that 's an anti-social import . 
  cover your face , ditch the car fast . 
  if there 's that many cameras they know their being watched , even if they 're not security services they 're ( probably ) not complete idiots . 
   how much money did you donate to orgs helping out the refugees right now ? 
  $ 4.5 billion so far . 
  are those russian tourists ? 
  writing heated letters to public radio discussion programs . 
  i 'm sure that anti-aircraft missile was a quality product of eastern ukraine . 
   syria worked out under assad . 
  it was afaik a famine that caused things to go wrong . 
  and a bunch of dead civilians . 
  do you not know how this became an armed conflict ? 
   randomly pick a house and started throwing eggs and stuff at it . 
  they got told to get of their lawn ? 
   social tourist these two groups of people have something in common ? 
  he has n't nuked congress . 
  so germany wo n't be needing those stiffling hate speech laws anymore ? 
  so you 'll be putting some priests on the back , right ? 
  ask some ukrainians , they might have a few unresolved problems . 
   oh give me a break , not 100 % of syria is constantly at war , there are always regions that are at peace somewhere yes , only some parts of the civilian populace have had chemical weapons dropped on them .
