  what 's everyone so upset for ? 
  meaning wo n't make you any less dead . 
  the young men being sent ahead buy their mother 's , or on their own before they get killed themselves , or both . 
  refugees just love sitting in a processing center , unable to do for themselves . 
  i recommend the documentary series the * fast and the furious * for an accurate picture of my daily life in america . 
  a blog reporting a facebook post of a picture of a person with a beard and sunglasses ? 
  i 'll grant he 's not the best looking , but not that bad . 
  i feel the funny part was lost in translation , but with that picture i 'm not paying much attention to the text . 
  that nose !, 
   european way of life debt crises and smelly cheese ? 
  yeah , most news agencies avoid shitty editing . 
  [ ` murica has your back . 
  ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/xponioidxsfty/giphy.gif ), 
  those graphic designers seem to work awfully fast . 
  those official train cars were just shuttling them on vacation , right ? 
  those ones who where green and like guinness ? 
  we crazy liberals are currently accepting recruits and know a great kebab guy . 
   most of us have been in such a situation ; concerts , opening shopping centres , sports events . 
  ya know , all those fun events that are just like being an international war refugee in a foreign country . 
   they do n't go to russia because isis ? 
  they do n't go to iraq because isis , which is why i said iraq . 
  being with family to rebuild your life is pointless ? 
   iraq because is also has a foothold in iraq . 
  some nice parking spots you got there , be a shame if something happened to them . 
  how many generations of iphone back do you have to go before syria was n't a war zone , and buying an iphone was just good western capitalism ? 
  got banned ? 
  good . 
  calm down everyone , it was only one child hurt . 
  people want to get their loved ones to a place they can build a better life ? 
  no , impossible . 
  only after denying their existence , and since replacing them with conventional weapons to drop on school buildings . 
  protesters got cold . 
  up adding pennies to the clock . 
  because russia is also supporting assad . 
  if we ask nicely he wo n't use sarin gas again , right ? 
  they can address it by increasing it . 
  being a pastors daughter i 'd imagine she 's considered more than once . 
  go , as fast as you can . 
  you wo n't be missed . 
  anyone having that in a syrian city probably had to use it already . 
   they are hard enough to manage is that what the gaza strip is ? 
  i do n't think many of those arab people are feeling the benefits of any entitlement . 
  your country does n't matter much after you suffocate on sarin . 
  you guys are adorable . 
   what about the additional expenses with ... and mass surveillance though ? 
  we can handle it , but your concern is appreciated . 
  how many of those you got ? 
  they gave us a great deal on land for a wal-mart . 
  oh you got us . 
  they 're coming from the secret immigrant staging facility . 
  it 's the real contents of that new turkish presidential palace , we teach them to collect benefits and overthrow the peaceful societies of white europe . 
  well , they need to eat . 
   late last month , at least three people were injured after a man armed with a kalashnikov rifle opened fire on a thalys high-speed train between amsterdam and paris . 
  the attacker was apprehended by three americans who managed to disarm the gunman . 
  i would get fat eating their delicious recipes . 
   no war in turkey just the occasional truck bomb instead ? 
   why does everyone assume they want to just come and claim welfare ? 
  i wonder how the experience of syrian refugees has effected their general trust in governments . 
  syria was ( to my knowledge ) a generally normal country less than 10 years ago . 
  i 'm glad to see some american thinking on this . 
  you know what looks good on a flag pole ? 
  [ nazi scalps ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eocimzsvifa ) . 
  right after we stopped treating them as a second class of white people . 
   turkey is safe , their asylum journey ends there . 
  how many truck bombs this month ? 
  imagine all the vacation opportunists !, 
  so like the irish ? 
  your mother . 
   there isnt war going on in turkey how many truck bombs per month before turkey gets to be at war too ? 
  about the same way we know you were n't involved . 
  more murders will certainly help , always does after all . 
  how do we know you were n't involved ? 
   please see the oregonlive.com article . 
  oregon public broadcasting world be better : http://www.opb.org/news/article/oregon-soldier-stops-gunman-on-european-train/, 
   please see the oregonlive.com article . 
  oregon public broadcasting world be better : http://www.opb.org/news/article/oregon-soldier-stops-gunman-on-european-train/, 
   please see the oregonlive.com article . 
  oregon public broadcasting world be better : http://www.opb.org/news/article/oregon-soldier-stops-gunman-on-european-train/, 
  they were n't marines ; oregon national guard , air force , civilian . 
  beats the shit out of syria . 
   fight raciscm now , become a cuck . 
  you guys really ca n't help but project that fetish can you ? 
   and now he 's polling ** # 1 amongst gop candidates for president . 
  ** that lead to great things for rick perry last time to . 
  well it 's not like / r/europe has ever been opposed to extraditions to countries that have the death penalty . 
   it will be a great deal easier to return them to their home country when the opportunity arises . 
  so never ? 
  russian gdp to double overnight !, 
  what 's the supply/demand ratio of warm , flat rocks in sweden ? 
  tell that to ukraine . 
  takes care of the flooding . 
   is just not acceptable in a developed society would unacceptable behavior perhaps include acts of violence ? 
  do n't worry i was being sarcastic . 
  rape happens everywhere , that it happens to an organized extent probably happens in more places than is known . 
  yes , like how we can control white europeans by flooding their lands with tsunamis hordes of immigrants . 
  good thinking !, 
  i do n't hate british people i 'm just saying there 's a clear correlations between british areas and these crimes . 
  of course it is when russia keeps vacationing . 
  yeah , the subjugation and slavery are not the same at all . 
  nope , not a synonym or anything .
