  so ... no muslim mind meld ? 
  using the building of railroads in colonies to say colony gained , even though those railroads were to export the wealth . 
  was n't it inside the tunnel ? 
   it 's not like they 're some high-tech specialized gear not available from arms dealers . 
  there 's arm dealers with sarin and vx ? 
  nerve agents do n't usually fall off the back of the truck . 
   again , the attacks took place three days after the un inspectors were invited by assad to investigate claims of chemical weapons use and ghouta is like 12km from damascus , where the inspectors were staying . 
  the regime has n't been stopped from killing civilians for the length of the conflict . 
  the first use of chemical weapons had no major consequences , why not do it again ? 
  what are those inspectors going to do ? 
  the lack of evidence . 
  did any of the rebels have truck-mounted surface-to-surface missile systems in 2013 ? 
  did they have any soviet made missile systems that could carry a chemical payload ? 
   using chemical weapons is the one thing assad knew and knows he ca n't do or risk near-immediate open military intervention from the international community . 
  an yet , it happened . 
  unless the rebels had chemical weapons , a launching platform , and the ability to operate inside regime held territory . 
   by the `` rebels '' the rebels had a sarin gas stockpile and [ launching platform inside regime held territory ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-23927399 ) in 2013 ? 
  they sure did n't have any attack helicopters then . 
  strange , i thought it was the barrel bombs and chemical weapons . 
  i believe he ran in the platform of `` vote for me and your neighbourhood is off the target list '', 
  now seal the doors . 
  well i do n't know high the star count goes with the french , is it like 4/15 stars ? 
   because , if the current trends continues , that day may take decades , but it will come . 
  and then the kebab will never be removed !, 
  let 's just go with snowden . 
  yeah , definitely him . 
  the civil suit filled seeks penalties that add up to ~ $ 18bn . 
  the epa suit is ( so far ) a civil one . 
  it 's linked here , jan. 4 bullet point : http://epa.gov/vw, 
  ca n't you also buy a holiday package to north korea ? 
  he 's in the pocket of the arabic translation conglomerates . 
  we 'll kick in some with what we get from volkswagen . 
  desmond tutu does , and finds it a fitting description . 
  can you account for your whereabouts in the last week ? 
   and another for carrying brass knuckledusters to keep the dust off his hand , i 'm sure . 
  yeah , just ask / r/theredpill . 
  absolutely let him enter ... so we can close the borders and make him the uk 's problem . 
  the plaintiff in mcd coffee case never requested punitive damages , she was awarded them by the jury . 
   `` bleeding hearts '' and those pesky laws . 
  you consider assassination a civil disorder ? 
  so in a situation that 's entirely different ? 
  we call that buzzfead . 
  we can make an exception . 
   sadly you dont own much diesel cars we prefer our telsas . 
  no , we 're pretty involved . 
  we 'll be more involved when vw starts writing some big checks . 
  it 's gon na be fun to watch . 
  why wo n't someone think of vw ? 
  they 're the real victims of a years long fraud to make millions of dollars . 
  how would they know 40 times the legal limit of nitrous oxide emissions was a bad thing ? 
  you do know the fraud was caught by a west virginia lab ? 
  y' all are welcome . 
  gaddafi did n't want any competition on blowing up planes . 
  we have ways of making them talk . 
  these exam schedules will be the downfall of western civilisation . 
   articles about french car burning never mention who 's responsible . 
  because you do n't stick around to be counted , this is n't amateur hour . 
  do n't forget everyone , it 's always the foreigners fault . 
  no true frenchman would ever lower themselves to such barbarism . 
  like this report by the mainstream media ? 
  did someone grunt in support of isis while doing squats ? 
  are they telling lone wolves to not re-rack their weights ? 
  what you want is a secure delete utility : https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/sdelete.aspx, 
  yes , as said . 
  the method of demagnatizing a hard drive is degausing . 
  the equipment will make your lights flicker . 
  judges in the us have been know to laugh these idiots out of court . 
  or he just has to pee . 
  should have paid for the whois guard . 
  or just make sure their whois records get updated . 
  in that case i may need the police . 
  how are rag and glass commodities these days ? 
  would a rise in gas prices change the opportunity cost ? 
  the bbc does n't have an illuminati correspondent . 
  diplomas are n't very good at stopping shrapnel . 
  everyone knows feminism is the first step to nazism , so they 'll just do it on their own . 
  make them write an essay about why they did n't read it . 
   disgusting oh yes , we ca n't expose them to dangerous things like distinctly different opinions . 
  far too dangerous . 
  please , do elaborate your thoughts . 
  presidential staff were watching cat videos all day , not getting anything done . 
   but seriously - we need to encourage fat people to lose weight . 
  nhs money is n't endless . 
  i 'm guessing this method wo n't work very well . 
   i ca n't tell if everyone here is tripping on acid or you need some better acid . 
  there 's only one superpower . 
  reads just fine to me . 
  ukip will be glad to have until the next storm . 
  does lithuania have a coffee black market ? 
  what 's the exchange rate ? 
  we 've got the occasional shooting of a doctor that provides abortions instead , and despite all their proclamations of protecting christian purity no one thinks the klan represents any legitimate christian segment . 
  a person holding a rifle is an obvious threat ( or just an american out for a walk ) , the possible need for deadly forces is clear . 
  a suicide vest needs a trigger which has to be handled , that 's an action that can be seen . 
  based on what , bulky clothes ? 
  if you suspect wrong and kill someone who 's unarmed , what happens ? 
  are the police criminally liable ? 
   mohammed abdeslam later spoke outside the family home , saying : `` my family and i had no idea that they were in paris . 
  my parents are truly shocked . 
  it was terrible for them . 
  did the brothers still live with their parents ?
