10x as powerful . 
  ps : yes , europe has been tough and strong before . 
  generally against other europeans . 
  you guys like to destroy each other do n't you ? 
  in april 2012 , turkish pm erdogan considered invoking article 5 of the nato treaty to protect turkish national security in a dispute over the syrian civil war . 
  [ 13 ] [ 14 ] the alliance responded quickly and spokeswoman carmen romero said the alliance was `` monitoring the situation very closely and will continue to do so '' and `` takes it very seriously protecting its members . '' [ 15 ] on april 17 , turkey said it would raise the issue quietly in the next nato ministerial meeting . 
  `` i like lasagna . '', 
  stalin . 
  `` a nato member is being attacked . '', 
  `` hello . '', 
  `` nato are you there ? '', 
  `` turkey to nato . 
  anyone there ? '', 
  ... ... `` this is china . 
  we 're ready to send you help if you need any . '', 
  . . `` hey turkey buddy . 
  this is nato . 
  omg . 
  i did n't hear you . 
  we 're coming just wait . '', 
  i am not threatening anybody here , i just responded to an angry reddit user in his way . 
  you just came to the post and accused me for being anti-semitic and now you 're denfeding your comment by saying i deserved it . 
  this is actually bizarre . 
  is that the new strategy now ? 
  do you think you will achieve something when you call people names ? 
  or whenever you said something not positive about israel makes you anti-semitic which i did n't even do that . 
  or are you just mad ? 
  to be honest liberal means `` not religious but does anything for erdogan . '', 
  in turkey . 
  you do n't need to be angry pal . 
  i did n't mean to insult any of you or your countries . 
  i definetly did n't want to imply leaving the ship would destry european countries . 
  about what you wrote . 
  believe me , even when we saw the soldiers at our bridges , nobody believed there was going to be a coup . 
  it was impossible to us . 
  and it 's meaning is deeper than just a coup . 
  you may find lots of articles at reddit about turkish coup , will give you lots of ideas . 
  you 'll be surprised . 
  about investments . 
  i respectfully want to inform you that qatar by itself may invest more than the whole eu right now . 
  you may be a proud european and i would understand that , you have every right , but you may want to stop misprisioning about your potential enemies . 
  as turks say , `` if your enemy is mouse , think it as an elephant . '', 
  about being poor . 
  i will definetly accept that there are some heavy cannons at eu and turkey is not in a shape to compete with them . 
  all i wan na say is , gdp does n't show a country 's power . 
  as a little example for your understanding , i 'm gon na tell you this ; a few years ago i went to russia to study russian for 6 months and what i saw was unbeliviable . 
  russians still use busses were given as war debt by germany . 
  people are poor . 
  lots of them do not actually know any luxury . 
  i got curious . 
  asked my teacher : teacher , this is russia . 
  you are a super-power . 
  so why is it like a thirld world country around here ? 
  i never forgot what she said ; `` because we russians know what 's more important . 
  we know , there are powerful nato countries at our border ( looking at me , smiling ) , we know we ca n't be like sweden . 
  we know we people must work , and our government should take our money to prepare what 's gon na come . '', 
  so my point is , this , this attitude is exactly why you should look at yourselves right now . 
  you may want to think about hitler 's these words ; `` this . . 
  this people deserve nothing . 
  and one day they will got destroyed by the well-trained easternes . '', 
  well it 's really what i see . 
  doors for dialog are closing . 
  we know what happens next when this happens . 
  i do n't know how you see europe nowadays but in my eyes it 's sinking ship . 
  everybody is trying to pick up what they can and leave with their own boat . 
  eu 's power is still somthing to worry , but it will not be in 10 years , maybe less . 
  so any smart campaigner would wait now . 
  why would anyone risk to scare runners about the open-sea . 
  let them leave the ship first . 
  `` turkey is ` drastically ' distancing itself from europe . '', 
  please . 
  this is just madness . 
  europe and turkey were never close . 
  the thing that changed is , everybody is making it obvious . 
  west 's kurdish terrorism propaganda is so open and clear , nobody even hides it . 
  germany makes investments to their military , uk leaves eu . 
  turkey and russia getting together . 
  what else do you need to see it 's not political distancing , but the footseps of war ? 
  everything will be better between russia and turkey now . 
  better than past . 
  we constantly warned the leaders of west ( germany , usa , france , uk ) to stop blocking our plans in middle-east . 
  you did not . 
  we constatly warned you not to support ypg forces in syria . 
  you did . 
  we constantly wanted you to stop dropping gadgets and weapons to kurdish pkk terrorists . 
  you did n't listen . 
  we told you to block terrorism supporter channels in your country , we told you to not show them as freedom fighters and do n't let them lobbying in your country . 
  being an ally is two-sided . 
  whenever west asked for something , we , as a nato member , did it to help you . 
  whenver turkey needed something to benefit itself , nobody came . 
  now russia , who got left alone , got economically attacked by the us oil politics and turkey made an alliance . 
  we had to . 
  bad days are coming people , know that . 
  let me tell you that every political-party , even the erdogan haters stated that they are with erdogan with this one . 
  that was right thing to do . 
  the one who came by voting should go by voting . 
  sad thing is , people are celebrting this as a victory of islam . 
  mosques were calling people to the grounds at 2:00 am like we 're actually at war with some `` evil '' infidels . 
  anyway , i do n't want to get in to politics right now , because i could n't sleep tonight as any other turkish man and i am super tired . 
  all i wan na say is , me and some people are very sad about what happened because to be honest , those middle-eastern religion fanatics are now actually proved that they rule everything .
