   like banning minarets and burqas ? 
  lol . 
  yes , definite solutions . 
  they are definite ( not vague and ambiguous like the ones other parties promote ) , but they are wrong and will fire back sooner or later . 
  and i 'm not talking about banning minarets and burqas , but building * huuuuge * walls and stop letting muslims in . 
   i do n't understand why we are making excuses about other peoples ' behavior . 
  it 's their choice and they should be held accountable for it . 
  very true . 
  i 'm not trying to find excuses for them . 
  i 'm ** not ** saying that it wo n't be their fault if the right wing governments that they have elected lead to some serious consequences for europe , i 'm only stating the reasons behind their decisions . 
  for example , it makes sense that golden dawn went from .5 % to 7 % , but their voters are n't innocent for the murder of fissas . 
  making excuses and stating the reasons are two very different things that sometimes overlap . 
  lol , i do n't support any party , nor i 'm being controversial on purpose . 
  most parties say that they will deal with the refugee crisis accordingly - whatever that means - right parties say that they will give a definite solution ( even if it is a wrong one ) . 
  so , it makes sense that people are turning towards the right . 
  legal immigration is called migration , and of course migrants can come in europe legally , not in a boat from turkey . 
  but with the syrian refugees there are afghanis , pakistanis , iraqis , moroccans , etc. 
  those are n't refugees , even if some of them left their countries unwillingly ( hunted by talibans , for example ) . 
  all of them , however , should be checked . 
  for example , if there is a syrian refugee that was convicted in syria for rape and murder , should we allow him in ? 
  by closing the borders , you turn your back to a humanitarian crisis , by doing the opposite , you 're taking all shorts of risks that can prove to be harmful . 
  current political establishment , then . 
  i think both perspectives are wrong ( completely open or closed borders ) . 
  people have seen what happens with open borders ( paris , brussels , cologne attacks ) , so they are opting for closed borders because no one is willing to do the reasonable , yet very hard , thing which is to better regulate which migrants and refugees can come in ( without letting in criminals , radicals , etc ) and integrate them to society normally . 
  edit : some grammar . 
  r/austria changed to r/fiftyfifty . 
  rumors say the results of the petition were also 50:50 !, 
  nah , people got bored of that . 
  the conservative party started all the privatizations a few years back . 
  then , the now governing party was a bunch of communists and socialists that put the country through elections in order to stop the conservatives 's thatcher practices . 
  now that the left got rid of all the communists and socialists back in september 2015 , they move on with privatizations and the conservatives want to put the country through yet another election in order to put a stop to the left 's thatcher practices . 
  cool , eh ? 
  well if the ~ ~ left ~ ~ current political establishment does n't want to deal with some issues , and instead continue being ideologues with ostrich syndrome , guess who will be willing to deal with them . 
  edit : that said , i still disagree with the majority right-wingers say . 
  edit 2 : edited for clarification . 
  you have weird windows in the us . 
  and not just to the homeopathic movement , but the new-age movement in general . 
  8 minutes of cringe !, 
  yay !, 
  it gives me hope , though , that the video has so many `` thumbs down . '', 
  i ca n't help but imagine people in the 18th and 19th centuries saying things like `` law of gravity prooves god . '', 
  `` this snake oil works due to the magic powers of thermodynamics ! '', 
  the weird thing is that she 's a very rational person in general . 
  i used to play in the past . 
  i also had invested something around 10 euros ( which is a lot for a f2p game ) but i think they ended up in cyprus . 
  my mother has one of those in the kitchen drawer . 
  i did n't know what it was , because it ca n't be used on feta and yellow cheese always comes sliced . 
  oh man , a relative of mine is a homeopath . 
  she tries to persuade me using vague and ill-defined quantum mechanics principles ( e.g. 
  healing powers through vibrations of electrons ) but i know quantum mechanics so she ends up telling me how anti-homeopathy propaganda is being pushed by big pharma . 
  fortunately her patients only have headaches and not serious illnesses . 
  i get misunderstood a lot . 
  sometimes it 's my fault , but generally people tend to concentrate more on the controversial part rather than on what i actually believe part . 
  completely agree , i 'm just saying that you ca n't change thousands of years of evolutionary gender roles in a few decades . 
  that said , i do n't think that group ideology ( fancy way of me referring to the idea that characteristics apply to groups universally , i.e. 
  all men are better engineers ) is in any way correct , or that we should go by it . 
  i only point out that characteristics generally apply to members of groups and the reason for that is evolution , or rather adaptation . 
  that 's why i believe that women are generally better at raising children . 
  but , it 's the better person for the job , if you ask me . 
  well i judge from what i see . 
  i , in no way imply that the west is perfect , but i do n't see feminists complaining about abortion laws , for example , as much as they complain about a pay gap that does n't exist and men spreading their legs on the tube . 
  femen , for example , started from ukraine , but they are n't contained within ukraine . 
  feminists from all round the world gather and protest , and yes , i do n't always agree with them , but they 're not fighting straw men . 
  guess for what western , 3rd wave feminists nag about the most : * men spreading their legs on the tube * women having no rights in the middle east, 
  well , you must describe what counts as `` hate speech '' clearly and precisely so that this law wo n't be used arbitrarily . 
  i prefer glasses made of glass , too . 
  society is loosing its values nowadays ... * has a half full plastic glass of freddo espresso by his desk *, 
  cafes are so 2010ish . 
  the fashion now is espresso on-the-go . 
  of course cold , because it 's fucking hot , and in plastic glasses !, 
  usually when i discuss with my friends ( the greek ones ) and need to use really technical vocabulary , chances are i know the word in english and i either ca n't remember it in greek or even know it , so my every third word is an english one . 
  usually my friends understand me , but there is one who does n't speak any english and she thinks that i do it on purpose to piss her off . 
  one time we had gone out me , her and her boyfriend and we were a little lightheaded , if not drunk , drinking coffee in a cafe in syntagma square , really late at night when we started discussing philosophy and aesthetics . 
  her boyfriend end up being the translator !, 
  edit : see , i capitalized the word `` cafe ! '', 
  can confirm . 
  i study in the field and the legislation one has to get through in order to build any kind of renewable infrastructure ( wind , solar farms , etc ) is huge and drives investors away . 
  greece could easily cover even 50 or more per cent of it 's energy needs by renewables . 
  yeah , good ol' days . 
  euro , eurovision , the olympics , socialist government without the drawbacks of socialism , germans liked us !, 
  after 6 months of taking german courses , i capitalize each noun in both english and greek . 
  i also catch my self writing `` perfekt '' instead of `` perfect '' and `` ich '' instead of `` ich . '', 
  being a trilingual is confusing !, 
  i do n't know . 
  are n't we biologically fit for our gender roles ? 
  you certainly ca n't argue that gender roles are arbitrary or that thousands of years of evolution , where women were raising children and men did all the heavy work ( work the fields , hunt , fight wars , etc ) , did n't have any kind of effect on our biology . 
  how many families live under these conditions ? 
  at least over here it 's not the majority . 
  ( it 's not a few either ) . 
  thank you kind sir , or madame !, 
  oh shit , i 'm planning of starting a master 's next year !, 
  well , i do n't think it 's wise to have children if you ca n't afford them , but when accidents happen then you must make some sacrifices . 
  either two full time jobs , or as much time with your children as possible . 
  that 's true . 
  especially in younger couples . 
  but the factor of occupation now comes into play . 
  you certainly ca n't raise a child on mcdonald 's salary , or minimum wage . 
  you will have a tough time for higher wages , but you 'll have no problem , relatively , on high wages . 
  my family does n't have that much income as well , but we 're getting through . 
  i did n't know that about iceland .
