  edit : a 'd ', 
  ja , kommissar rex was a big hit in greece too . 
  it filled a lot of my boring summer afternoons in the 90s and early 00s . 
  after studying some german , i 'm convinced that english is really dumped down german mixed with some latin , french , and north germanic languages . 
  i want to start ksp , but i always end up thinking it 'll take too much of my time and i will either drop everything else that i 'm doing , or i will not make any progress . 
  rule britannia , britannia rule the solar system . 
  and gross ? 
  i honestly do n't know anything about hollywood wages , so i do n't wan na lie to you !, 
  well , are n't character outfits customizable ? 
  i think in saints row you can have your character dressed as a lobster , or wear next to nothing . 
  i went into sensitive territory , did n't i ? 
   sure , saying that you are n't required to murder strippers in a video game , despite them being there for that sole purpose , is a huge inaccuracy . 
  feminism debunked . 
  move along , society . 
  well you either did n't see the video , or did n't care enough to pay attention to it . 
  the game is called `` hitman . '', 
  you can literally kill anyone , anywhere . 
  you actually get penalized for killing these strippers - and any other innocent person as a matter of fact . 
  the strippers do n't have a purpose , they 're there because you 're in a strip club . 
  if hitman enters a restaurant , the customers ' sole purpose would n't be to get murdered . 
  on the contrary , if these strippers have a purpose is to make you hate your contract ( target ) more by listening how much he mistreats them . 
   yeah , a lot of other videos that either criticize her and not her ideas there are videos criticizing her ideas and/or debunk her arguments , and , granted , they may call her a few names in the process ; you just chose to concentrate on the name calling and not on the substance . 
   that 's a tight statistic . 
  44 % of video game players are female . 
  if you include ios , android and facebook games , yes . 
  but that 's not our focus here . 
  our focus is platform and computer games . 
  the paper says that 41 % of game purchases are made by women , but does n't specify if it 's purchases in general or platform/pc purchases specifically . 
  probably the former . 
  furthermore , the most frequent female gamer is 43 years of age . 
  i do n't think 43 year old women like to play fallout and doom . 
  and in the games i play - flight simulators - , although they can hardly be called games , there are almost zero women players . 
   there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  what 's wrong is having that in a character that does n't have anything else to her , that 's just there for the male to ogle . 
  it 's objectification . 
  if you think that 's okay , well honey , there 's no point arguing with you . 
  although i agree with you here , this ca n't be applied universally . 
  for example , the strippers in hitman do n't contribute much to the game ( unless maybe for the reason i mentioned above ) , but they 're not just there to satisfy the male gaze either . 
   if she is like that in the game - i do n't know , i have n't played it - , then yes , it 's sexist . 
  i have n't played it either , so there 's no reason to discuss it further . 
   so you should n't take the average gamers ' maturity into account when criticising sexism in video games , but you should when calling the cops when that same gamer sends you death threats ? 
  well , it depends . 
  on the first occasion you 're talking about a whole society , on the second occasion you 're talking about only a part of it . 
  most , if not all , threats come from immature `` basement dwellers '' , but not all gamers are immature basement dwellers . 
  yes , i agree , that if you 're immature enough to make rape/death threats over opinions on the internet , you do n't have enough mental ability to differentiate game reality from actual reality . 
  i like to draw a parallel with movies and movie goers here . 
  how many great films have sexism , racism , violence , or all three ? 
  would you call all movie goers sexists , racists and violent ? 
   you just said society is sexist . 
  when did i say that ? 
  are you referring to * `` what 's wrong with having female characters in kinky outfits ? 
  '' * being attracted to sexy individuals of the opposite sex ( or the same ) is something natural , not taboo , nor is it discriminatory to individuals that do n't reach these standards . 
  male characters do n't have the average gamer 's shape either ; they all have warrior bodies !, 
  i should mention though , that i too am against displaying models of both sexes with `` perfect '' bodies everywhere , not because i feel bad that i ca n't reach these standards - i do n't - , but because this objectification - as you 'd say - takes away the feeling of appreciation when you see your sos body . 
  in simple words , you just grow uninterested to sexuality . 
  do n't get me wrong though , i 'm not denying that there is * no * sexism in society , just not as much as 40 years ago . 
   if you raise a child in a racist background that does n't make him question racism , he will probably grow up to be racist . 
  playing a game where killing a black person has no consequences wo n't help him question that happening , and leave him as he was . 
  playing a game where that behaviour is discouraged will hopefully lead him towards a different path . 
  if a child is raised on a racist background , the games he 's playing is just a drop in the ocean . 
  the real problem is the background into which he or she is raised . 
  personally , instead of trying to criticize content , i 'd work towards building suitable backgrounds to raise children into . 
  edit : some spelling, 
  why 's the medieval armor , or lach thereof , bad ? 
  the gamers are pretty much teenage males . 
  i 'd be more worried if they 'd rather have blue haired , 60 year old , art professors as their characters !, 
  another example is how many people masturbate at pictures of models . 
  does that make them sexists , or does that mean they do n't like their sos ? 
  the entertainment industry is a mess because it appeals to the lowest common denominator . 
  as for the pay inequity , i doubt the extend to which this is true ; maybe it 's not completely absent , but not a common practice either . 
  lot 's of factors contribute to pay . 
  like for example , woman 's football is n't very popular , so the female players are paid less . 
  it has to do with finances , not sexism . 
  why stop there ? 
  you would n't have cheese in general !, 
   yeah , all her evidence is debunked by a 20-minute video that points out eight inaccuracies . 
  eight pretty big inaccuracies , and there are a lot of other videos like that . 
   saying that anita sarkeesian is a liar because she says she does n't consider herself a fan of video games and does n't play violent video games but she does n't , she had said so herself in a video talking to a crowd . 
   despite showing an old picture of her playing snes . 
  i can show you an old picture of me playing call of duty on the ps2 . 
  does this qualify me as an expert in video games ? 
   am i a liar too if i post a selfie celebrating or wearing the jersey ? 
  no , but you would be if you were paid to criticize football - something that you 're not really interested in . 
   and the sole point of women is either to fuck them or to kill them around the street . 
  but there 's no sexism in that you can do the same to men ( at least in saints row you can ) . 
  it is supposed to be a representation of reality . 
  it 's not that the real black and mexican gangs in downtown la are any better in real life . 
  and in the end , video games are mostly made by men and purchased by men . 
  what 's wrong with having female characters in kinky outfits ? 
  you think that women developers would make male characters with a beer belly instead of a six-pack ? 
  the thing is , that merely calling , for example , batman a sexist game because catwoman wears tight pants , is meaningless . 
  what end does this criticism have ? 
  does the critic want to point out that video games cause sexism ? 
  then the answer is no . 
  just as they do n't cause violence , they do n't cause sexism . 
  to say otherwise is to devalue the gamers ' maturity , their ability to differentiate virtual from real life . 
  or does the critic want to say that sexist video games prove that our society is sexist ? 
  are violent games/movies proof that our society is violent ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  and store plumbing equipment in them !,
