  it 's currently 30 degrees here , but the humidity make it feel like 40 . 
  it is . 
  the difference being that the exhaust gasses rotate a shaft wich in turn rotates the shaft of a power generator , instead of propelling something forward . 
  edit : the steam generator of my university 's lab had high pressure steam as its input . 
  a few years have gone by , but if i 'm not mistaken , the turbine of the article further pressurizes steam ( that 's why it has many stators and rotors ) . 
  basically , it 's the same principle as jet engines . 
  do n't know if i should upvote or not . 
  on the other hand , he can see the light in prison , just as [ maajid nawaz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maajid_nawaz#islamist_activism ) did . 
  well , it 's not art because you just decided to call it art . 
  the la county museum of art [ spent millions on a ~ ~ large piece of rock ~ ~ ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/levitated_mass ) `` sculpture , '' and [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/jonathanjonesblog/2014/apr/22/artist-eggs-vagina-paintings-performance-art-milo-moire ) naked woman pops coloured eggs out of her vagina in public ( nsfw of course ) . 
  the thing is , if you dare criticize it , the snobs will call you an immature caveman that does n't understand culture and will start trowing essays about postmodernism and subjectivity towards your general direction . 
  i 'd say that espresso is the daily mail of greece . 
  proto thema has actual news , whereas espresso has * `` look which famous person took part in an orgy in myconos '' * kind of news . 
  not biased , thank god !, 
   aufhetzers trouble makers , in case you could n't remember it in english . 
  is it the same as in german ? 
  to the point . 
  i think we agree that banning all muslims is a populist idea that ca n't work and is highly opposite to the western values . 
  the thing is though , that even if 1 % of muslims that live in europe have radical ideas , and support from overseas , it 's a problem . 
  and this problem is getting bigger if you add the sharia-law-wanting muslims who think that attacks by jihadists are justified . 
  i think these muslims deserve a gtfo . 
   or like the english muslim who won the london mayoral elections and the one of the first things he said was the the transport for london has [ `` too many white men '' ] ( http://www.politics.co.uk/news/2016/03/30/sadiq-khan-there-are-too-many-white-men-on-transport-for-lon ) and another was a pledge to [ ban `` body shaming '' ads ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/06/sadiq-khans-advert-ban-shows-illiberal-censor-heart/ ) . 
  so he 's hardly a liberal muslim on my book . 
   my distinct dislike of religion in general and pushy monotheistic ones in particular [ claps slowly ] someone must make a movie in which nordic and ancient greek gods collaborate to beat the living crap out of the abrahamic ones !, 
  just do n't give this idea to michael bay . 
  there are 1 million - and maybe more - muslims in athens , but greece has stayed away from the middle east . 
  that 's not to say that foreign policy is the sole reason for these terrorist attacks , but it is one . 
  however , we do have a some islamists . 
  these people are n't radicals ( jihadists ) - and never will be - , and are n't liberal , western muslims , but they share the anti-western sentiment , mostly based on western interventions . 
  i remember after the paris attacks , a tv crew asked some ( im ) migrants living in athens what they thought about the attacks , and although pretty much all of them condemned them , some said they were justified . 
  that counts as isis really . 
  maybe the isis leaders did n't plan the attack , but they have green-lit all their sympathizers . 
  i do n't think he * really * wanted it though . 
  we do care , indeed . 
  did n't trump advocate for this ? 
  related to that , i live near a town called nice in the suburbs of athens . 
  i was really freaked out when i heard the news on the car 's radio this morning - not that i 'm less freaked out now because it happened 2 countries to the left . 
  there are a lot of gypsies in my neighborhood , and i really really hate them . 
  people have called me racist about that , so i urge them to live in my shitty neighborhood for a while . 
  it 's common practice to teach their children how to steal , or send them begging on the streets . 
  i 've seen children as young as four and five begging on the streets during the summer when it 's 40 degrees outside . 
  when they get older they start to target elderly in their homes . 
  they have robbed my grandmother 's house twice - the second time they also drugged her . 
  they have stolen a neighbor 's car and the police found it semi-burnt in an industrial area with traces of drugs in it . 
  fortunately , they leave the sw suburbs of athens for six months every year , and go make a mess of the nw suburbs . 
  i need to kick some jihadist ass '' seriously though , this looks like something straight out of the `` four lions . '', 
  the saddest thing is that this picture is ~ ~ not ~ ~ now burnt into the child 's mind . 
  not easy to get it out of your head . 
  actually , the saddest thing is how many children have seen images like these and worse . 
  edit : stupid mistake , changed the meaning of the whole sentence !, 
  but what about ostmark ? 
  and why did the nazis change \u00d6sterreich ? 
  does ostmark have any significance , or its purpose is just to replace the word `` reich . '', 
  damn , so many questions now !, 
   there will now be an investigation to determine if anything fishy happened during the incident . 
  oh no you did n't !, 
  because papandreou was born in minnesota , raised there and attended college there , and university in london school of economics , harvard and stockholm university . 
  it is true that our accent is horrible . 
  i 've tried to make mine a bearable british one - and i have succeeded - , but you can still tell i 'm greek . 
  i think my german accent is better tho . 
  she 's not as bad compared to tsipras though . 
  check his talk with bill clinton !, 
   he also said you get your points back if you hide the bodies . 
  so literally , no consequences for that action . 
  which you can do to anyone in the game . 
  is it bad when you do it to strippers and not bad when you do it to a random innocents ? 
   then they 're there just to advance the main character 's plot . 
  the game would n't change at all if they were n't there . 
  as i said : they may not have a back story , but they have a purpose and they are n't there just to satisfy the male gaze . 
  you 're on a strip club , you are expected to find strippers . 
  by anita 's arguments this is good because you see that strip club owners are assholes . 
   when the substance is non-existent like that in the video you linked , there 's no other choice than to focus on the name calling . 
  which of the following can be characterized as non-existent substance ? 
  * misinterpretation of game mechanics in order to enhance her narrative * steeling content from other yt gaming channels without giving credit * taking all patreon donations but delivering half the content that she promised and so on these are major blunders in my opinion , and not just inaccuracies . 
  she lost all integrity that she had . 
  but what does all these have to do with the * quality * of her criticism ? 
  well , quite frankly , her arguments are based on cherry picked evidence and misrepresentation on game mechanics . 
   you do n't just grow uninterested in sexuality : your view of sexuality is skewed towards the false notion that women are merely objects to be used by you maybe i was n't clear enough . 
  you do grow uninterested because all the novelty and uniqueness fade away . 
  just as you grow tired of a song you 've been hearing over and over , despite liking it in the beginning . 
  it actually has to do with dopamine levels on the brain rather than social constructs . 
  when you 're bombarded by half-naked models , you just loose all interest . 
  you could call this objectification , but it is n't the case that you learn to regard women as objects . 
   and it has exactly the same source as in porn i agree about porn ; that 's why i do n't like it , plus the reason i mentioned above . 
   that 's obviously true . 
  but just like workers have more rights now than 40 years ago , does n't mean they do n't have to keep fighting for still existing exploitation . 
  yes but this also does n't mean that our society is deeply racist , sexist , homophobic , etc , and in need of a major makeover . 
   does n't have to be true . 
  ideas work better subconsciously although i agree that ideas work subconsciously , i think that different factors have different impact on you . 
  if an individual is raised in a racist household , playing a anti-racist video game will not make him/her anti-racist . 
  and this variation can be found withing games as well . 
  for example , a moral decision that a player has to take will have more impact on him/her than simply killing a hooker will . 
   the fact that a social change is required does n't mean that that change ca n't start in media . 
  i agree that media are in need of change . 
  mainly because they appeal to the lowest common denominator ( some times ) , but , again , this is n't to say that the whole society is crap . 
  and i disagree with the extend and the content of anita 's criticism , for reasons i have already mentioned . 
   on another topic , thank you for civilised discussion no problem . 
  conversations are hard to come by on the internet . 
  cheers !, 
  yep , just taking in anyone and then do n't do anything to help them integrate is stupid and bad for both parties .
