at least it 's not a norwegian ~ ~ 3 star hotel ~ ~ `` prison . '', 
  that 's the strangest looking combination of cheese and port that i 've ever seen !, 
  that too . 
  it 's always the fault of us , the oppressive shitlords . 
  my point exactly !, 
  never heard of it . 
  i 'll check it out . 
  ~ ~ america ~ ~ europe , fuck yeah !, 
  the media here say bs like `` almost white smoke after the eurogroup . '', 
  * runs to safe space to watch videos of puppies *, 
  so can we assume that the terrorists were born and raised in germany ? 
  if so , i 'm waiting for the next person who 'll say `` it 's not about islam and it 's culture . 
  it 's only about politics , and imperialism , and us drone strikes against schools in pakistan . '', 
  in greece we have a points system . 
  run a light , or park illegally and you get points charged on you license . 
  if you gather a certain amount of points you get your license revoked . 
  sometimes temporarily , sometimes permanently . 
  but it gets five or six violations to get to that point . 
  i do n't know anyone who has , because police does n't bother . 
  if you do you must be the unluckiest driver in greece . 
  oh shit , i must catch up with times !, 
  firs do n't affect the sovereignty of the nations . 
  aircraft , including military ones , are allowed to cross them but they are still obligated to submit flight plans . 
  in 1952 we signed an agreement that gave the space over our border up until your airspace to our fir , but in 1974 you decided that you do n't agree with it . 
  that said , we do n't have the right to intercept you guys if you have submitted flight plans . 
  but not doing so is interpreted as a malign provocation . 
  but anyway , i do n't believe a dispute over a 4 mile strip of air should be the reason for two sovereign nations to be in a constant state of bad diplomatic relations . 
  according to icao we have the right to monitor the international air space ( 10 nm ) in order to safely and smoothly conduct civil aviation . 
  this was recognized by turkey from 1931 to 1975 . 
  and here 's where my knowledge on the matter stops . 
  i also know we have the right to extend our borders to 12 nm ( law of the see 1982 ) but we have n't in order to not increase the tensions . 
  `` look who 's back '' is a best seller ? 
  i want to read that book . 
  i hear it 's going to be a movie . 
  i know , right ? 
  and i have to put up with these every day !, 
  i actually support that , but officials luck the necessary will . 
  btw , fines are extremely expensive . 
  they 've made them so expensive in order to scare people away from traffic violations , but the bad driving behavior is so much engraved into our culture that it 's not going to change anytime soon . 
  taxi drivers do the most violations but when someone gets a ticket , their union erupts throwing accusation that the state does n't allow them to do their job and there is always a public official with a sympathetic ear that 'll make the fine disappear . 
  i was referring to turkish violations of greek airspace by turkish f-16s . 
  the post being about a violation of a nation 's airspace by another , and not about how bad the soviets behaved to polish , i thought my comment would n't be open to various interpretations . 
  unless over there you never hear about those things that happen over the aegean . 
  to be fair , though , i 'd expect from our side some violations of turkish airspace as `` retaliation '' but we definitely do n't hear about those . 
  something , something dark side !, 
  how could she have known that ? 
  did she do another study and found out that the results of the other study were wrong ? 
  you see , it 's common practice over here as well . 
  what can one do ? 
  give a ticket to every driver and motorcyclist in athens ? 
  we should , but it 's not feasible . 
  most of them ca n't afford to even pay it . 
  besides , there are no sufficient infrastructures and drivers will have to park on the sidewalks , because there are no alternatives . 
  pedestrians ca n't afford to speak up because they drive too , and they do the same thing . 
  you see , athens was n't build for cars , and not just the city center , but the whole city , including many of the suburbs . 
  poland , greece understands you . 
  which university ? 
  in ours we have a whole department filled with communists and anarchists . 
  i 'd expect such a response from them . 
  but even so , i do n't remember anyone that had gone to celebrate in public ( streets , tv , etc ) . 
  we will build a huuuuuuuuuge wall and make ~ ~ mexico ~ ~ white cisgender male heterosexuals pay for it . 
  yes , actually there is a wage `` gap '' only if you average the total amount of earnings for women and compare it to the corresponding average for men . 
  however , these researches do n't take into account factors such as maternity leave , or the fact some women choose to commit to their families and work less/not at all , or a lot of women choose to become nurses and social workers instead of engineers and software developers . 
  if you 're doing the same job , work the same hours , but earn less than a male employ in your place of work , then please hold your boss accountable !, 
  also black lives matter supremacists in the us fight for segregation in order to keep their selves safe against `` the evil whities and their cultural appropriation of the black culture ! '', 
  you ca n't teach an assaulter not to assault . 
  these things should be taught in early childhood . 
  what we should do is educate people about the dangers and how to protect themselves . 
  assaults will always be present , however rare , so one would be prepared to protect oneself should the need arise . 
  being a private company they should do whatever they want , provided that they do n't harm others and do n't monopolize the market . 
  if people do n't like it , they can spend their money on another company . 
  that said , i 'm completely against segregation , whatever its purpose , and very very skeptical on what constitutes `` harassment . '', 
  did women on german trains were really harassed or did someone gave them a nasty look , or an inappropriate comment and they all cried wolf ? 
  seeing that the regressive left is on the rise ( please correct me if i 'm wrong ) in germany , i ca n't trust public opinion on matters such as harassment . 
  i 'm also pleasantly surprised by the rational quotes inside the article . 
  common sense is still a think , yeay !, 
  : of course i do n't condone harassment of any form or occasion . 
  just saying . 
  well , more like `` imperialist pigs , they should n't have bombed the middle east . '', 
  mostly uttered by leftists and communists . 
  also , anti-american sentiment was , and still is , pretty big . 
  this is not to say that people who share that sentiment felt good about the attacks , but it 's what i said a few comments above `` horrible , but they had it coming . '', 
  additionally we have a lot of conspiracy theorists ( bush did 9/11 , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams ) , really a lot , that believe american jews are behind everything . 
  no one `` celebrated . '', 
  some were characterized by apathy . 
  the gcp ( greek communist party ) was saying ( and still is now ) that what happened was awful and reprehensible , but they should n't have been imperialistic pigs . 
  can we establish a european `` troll erdogan day ? '', 
  please !, 
  i actually prefer `` it 's bloody cold here . '', 
  it 's exactly the kind of humor one would expect from the brrrritish !, 
  david attenborough deserves the recognition though . 
  i believe the nerc should go through with `` boaty mcboatface . '', 
  at least it 's not some successful pro-nazi 4chan trolling . 
  i love austria . 
  can i come as a gastarbeiter maybe ? 
  ^ ^ or ^ ^ maybe ^ ^ not ^ ^ even ^ ^ gast ? 
  our bad reputation comes from the fact that we have a lot of lazy public sector workers that work 3-4 hours a day and are n't at all efficient . 
  why do we have so many lazy public sector workers ? 
  because fro 40 years political parties ( both socialists and conservatives ) would promise their voters easy , secure jobs with a steady pay . 
  my experience comes from the private sector , though , and i can tell that if you were to calculate the mean working hours of private sector workers they would surpass 40 hours/week .
