  do n't mind him , mate !, 
  i do n't think he understands how cuddling can lead to sex and how opinion can be communicated via body language . 
  i think he 's actually one of those regressive leftists that make their partners sign a legal consent document before sex . 
  sometimes it 's hard to tell them apart from conservatives . 
  he obviously meant that he changed his opinion and expressed it through body language . 
  i think you understood that . 
  please forgive my fellow countryman and his red herring about your grammatical mistake . 
  he tends to be cocky and outspoken . 
  i agree with your example , by the way , but you approach the matter from a different point of view . 
  you have in mind couples that have been together for a long time and trust each other , where others have in mind stupid college students that had rough sex with strangers and it backfired . 
  point is , you can have fake rape sex with your long standing partner , but not with the cute girl from your art lessons you met the other day . 
  what if , for example , she decides to go to the police and show the bruises ? 
  then you 'll say it was consensual but it is your word against hers . 
  in both cases `` no '' has no meaning , since it 's role playing . 
  not as absolute numbers . 
  from the smallest entity to the largest . 
  years are divided by months and months by days , hours , minutes , etc. 
  in greece we have many small breweries with excellent beer , but the ones you find in every tavern and ever cafe have amstel and heineken that is produced in greece and is 100 % piss . 
  maybe all this electricity they 're generating is just o power their motors when , eventually , the waters rise !, 
  yes , obviously , but the strongest memories i have of this architectural styling is from 90s movies , that why it seems very 90s to me !, 
  hmmm ... let me see what freud has to say about liking objects that resemble but plugs . 
  in greece it 's the other way around . 
  it sounds awkward in greek to say july 8th . 
  instead saying 8th of july sounds prettier , and since we conjugate our nouns the article is n't necessary . 
  that 's actually reasonable . 
  you still maintain a logical sequence , just in the other way around . 
  it 's actually on the sidebar on the right . 
  under `` related subreddits . '', 
  cheers !, 
  but it is . 
  it goes from smaller to larger . 
  are you sure ? 
  this is trademark enercon design . 
  did nordtank got premision from enercon manufactured them or something similar ? 
  i 'm not really familiar with nordtank , but their design looked like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/neg-micon-m1500.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://de.academic.ru/pictures/dewiki/79/oesterwurth_windrad_nordtank.jpg ) . 
  they do that ? 
  my company has some vestas wind turbines , but i 'll ask a friend who is working on enercon turbines . 
  certainly !, 
  i hope you have good beers ( unlike greek ones ) !, 
  my area of expertise is renewable energy , wind power in particular . 
  i 'd say that the image it presents is the first thing in every architect 's mind when he/she designs a skyscraper . 
  in a sense , every skyscraper is pretentious more or less . 
  it 's just that architects , like artists , have a weird style , postmodern style most of the times . 
  that 's why you see all these peculiar looking towers . 
  hey thanks for the info . 
  i think i must start researching universities if i want to start postgraduate studies in 2017 !, 
  that 's just the way of life, 
  i think gamesa is also working on different forms of energy , like solar . 
  maybe small villages spread out in various parts of greece can be called `` bible belts , '' but in greece we mostly have people that are christian , but they do n't care about keeping any formalities , nor have they studied religion in any way and decided to become religious . 
  or a quran reverse-belt . 
  i agree , but that 's not to say that the big [ but plug ] ( http://londontopia.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/the-gherkin_safra-group.jpg ) you have in london is any better . 
  oh god , group projects . 
  i am the one who does all the work in group projects , get the highest grade and the rest of my `` team '' memorizes a few bs for the demonstration and gets a passing grade i guess the * real * question is , can you find accommodations in aalborg easier that you can in copenhagen ? 
  i know from friends that finding a place to live in copenhagen is a headache . 
  the brits build and anti-aircraft gun platform and now it wants its independence !, 
  i think wagner or holst 's `` mars '' would be more fitting , but yeah , cue it !, 
  this movie is awesome . 
  the imdb rating does n't do it justice . 
  i am girlfriendless sir . 
  the men to women ration in my university classes is over 9000 , and in my place of work the picture is n't much different . 
  aau is one of my choices as well , but is n't it behind dtu in the university ranking ? 
  enercon has nearly 60 % of the german market , and 7 something % of the world market . 
  siemens wind power has almost three quarters of the european offshore wind parks share and 6 something % of the world share . 
  overall siemens is be bigger than enercon ( 1st vestas , 2nd siemens and 5th enercon ) , but i 'm not really sure that 's the same specifically in the european market . 
  the nazis have already done it . 
  i 'll count it as european !, 
  ok , you won . 
  this must go to r/yurop as well . 
  do n't get mad , denmark . 
  i actually want to study in dtu and maybe work in vestas !, 
  economic migration from muslim countries will cause a rise in nationalism , if it 's not handled correctly . 
  this rise in nationalism will halt migration a bit but will maybe cause political unrest and more polarization . 
  that is , if our financial system wont collapse first . 
  the problem that worries me most is the destruction of culture . 
  some areas will become muslim and wont be very much in touch with the rest of the continent 's culture ( s ) , the pc police will taboo everything , or maybe both will happen ( or none ) . 
  personally , i 'd like to see the cultures of each european country to be preserved instead of being thrown into the multicultural blender . 
  in essence , we should aim for a healthy multiculturalism that consists of elements from many cultures , but wo n't destroy each culture 's uniqueness . 
  many countries will have problems with rising sea levels , but third world ones will suffer more damages . 
  we 'll just be able to protect our selves/land better . 
  no i want to spent my vacations there !, 
  [ that 's why ] ( http://www.woodweb.com/knowledge_base_images/bah/metric-versus-imperial_02.png ), 
  are you sure there is n't luke 's hand and lightsaber down there ? 
  i do n't get how athens looks less of a city than tallinn . 
  on the contrary , athens is a big ugly metropolis whereas tallinn is a traditional northen european city ( unless you also have cubic , concrete apartment buildings as well ) . 
  yes , enercon is german and vestas is danish . 
  these two companies dominate the field , or at least they do in europe . 
  vestas is an older company though , and therefore bigger . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  the way this whole refugee border was handled only made nationalism and the right stronger . 
  no wonder the refugee crisis was a big factor in brexit . 
  these numbers are impressive . 
  if the netherlands were more like greece in matters of construction , finance and organization , the whole country would be flooded after every storm !, 
  interesting . 
  did n't know what a sandmotor was before . 
  the only thing we discussed about in our geography class ( which also had geology subjects ) was the corinth canal . 
  i was always critical towards the `` cross the borders freely and we 'll figure something out '' approach . 
  i 'm aware that countries like mine and italy ca n't really enforce their sea borders - you ca n't build sea walls and you ca n't stand and watch people get drowned . 
  and i was always in favor of screening every person that entered the eu . 
  refugee camps , as you mention , are i believe the optimal solution . 
  even in the countries of entrance , such as greece , where you can offer them shelter and examine every asylum request before allowing them in or not .
