  since i 'll be going to denmark to study , and choose to stay and work there , but i assimilate completely , will i be part of the problem ? 
  i do n't think so since i work be bringing all the backwards greek mentality with me . 
  so it 's a matter of assimilation rather than genetics . 
  in denmark , i 'll live as a dane , in england as an english , in germany as a german , and so on . 
  backlashes are never moderate , they are just the other extrem . 
  shhh !, 
  people will start calling r/europe , r/circlejerk . 
  well , fuck it , if we 're going to be called r/circlejerk and shitposters for not jumping into the left bandwagon , so be it !, 
  something similar happend in athens . 
  the center of athens was overrun by immigrants and migrants , all very innocent with people searching for cheep housing and a low-level job in order to sent money back home to their families , but it was done in a careless manner and it got out of hand quickly . 
  ghettos started to form , mafia grew bigger , the amount of greek residents plummeted , criminality went through the roof , and no one was willing do deal with the problem , not necessarily from fear of being labeled racist , but from seer incompetence , and now the greek minority in these areas support golden dawn and are , of course , labeled racist . 
  some of them are racist , make no mistake , but a lot of them have simply had enough . 
  you seem to know a lot for a canadian !, 
  you are correct . 
  the thrash scene , though , is getting very popular . 
  i played in a speed/power metal band and when we were looking for members they were all interested in thrash ( especially the drummers ) . 
  unfortunately , we had to stop because we could n't find one capable musician that wanted at least to take music seriously . 
  we were n't professionals but if you 're going to do something , you must do it right . 
  greece is metal !, 
  too bad the metal community is utter shit !, 
  i 've been engaged into the metal community for 5 years until i got disappoint by the quality of people there and left . 
  my friends though still are , but they distance themselves from the ridiculous amounts of drama , there just there for the music . 
  surprisingly , there are a lot of underground metal bands and you 'll find a live almost every week . 
  there is a lot of back-and-forth between the bands as well , and thus a lot of drama . 
  i mean a lot . 
  people seem awesome from the outside , but then you start listening to gossip and you think that it 's all exaggerations , until someone does something really bad/stupid to you and start to see everything from another perspective . 
  edit : malta is metal too !, 
  why no one talks about malta ? 
  it seems strange , indeed , but i 'd rather have ancient greek religion as our official religion , rather than christianity . 
  for many reasons , not only because it 's greek and not abrahamic . 
  everything that characterizes the greek culture is linked back to ancient greek mythology and not to the byzantine empire . 
  and imo greek mythology is much more interesting , rich and stimulating than everything in the bible . 
  the drama , the philosophy , the ethical dilemmas , and so on . 
  i 'd still be an atheist , though . 
  one of the reasons , i believe , that nationals are n't annoying is because they risk getting gargantuan amounts of ridicule if they speak up . 
  especially by the heads of the church ( they ridicule scientists and homosexuals , i do n't think they 'll have any scruples about nationals ) . 
  that 's why they are very hush-hush and you can only find out about them from weird internet blogs , a few street posters here and there advertising their seminars , and documentaries like that one . 
  so this is how democracy dies , with thunderous applause . 
  i think he means to say that no one would add a non-white racist to that list ( e.g. 
  a muslim who 's racist ) , because that would be racist . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbpnu4_tp9w ) you go !, 
  one of them actually goes to the same university as a friend of mine and i have seen her in person ( did n't know she was a national back then ) . 
  if you need a book now , then there 's certainly something wrong with you , but that was n't the case 1500 years ago among iron age peasants . 
  so if that phrase saved me from someone who wanted to kill me and steal my kettle , then i consider it as something positive . 
  sounds like an economically valid option !, 
  pay small fee now , save from taxes in the future . 
  i live opposite a church . 
  the priest has installed megaphones on the outside . 
  the reason for that being that in celebrations like christmas and easter the church and the area in front of it are so crowded that the people on the outside need some way to listen to the mass . 
  however , the church is always barely half full ( i live in a small village like neighborhood between two towns ) and you can hear the priest complaining that no one anymore is attending mass . 
  makes me so happy to hear that money grabbing asshole with the expensive car and big attitude getting pissed of for losing his clientele . 
  not even mad for ruining my sleep !, 
  you mean the * hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy * ? 
  actually there are a few bunch of people that still practice it . 
  vice did a documentary on them . 
  i can search for the link when i get home , if you 're interested . 
  lol , triggered !, 
  seriously though , i agree with what you 're saying 100 % ( atheist meself ) , but i think what u/lolmonger was trying to say is that christianity had its pros and not just a backwards mentality . 
  i mean * `` do unto others as you would have do unto you '' * is a pretty good moral guide if you 're working the fields and do n't have time ( or knowledge ) to occupy yourself with philosophy of ethics . 
  if they do it for christians , it goes without saying that they should do it with every religion . 
  what a bunch of christianophobes you have there , only collecting taxes from christians !, 
  but seriously , if someone says he 's not a christian he does n't have to pay a tax that it will then be given to the church ? 
  i did n't say that the left is ruling europe , that was your understanding . 
  the left is often presented as the alternative solution in every matter ( especially in economics and immigration ) , but the left it seems does n't want to deal with these problems now . 
  i since edited my first comment to include the current political establishment which also is unwilling to deal with the immigration problem and made a very rushed deal with turkey in an attempt to make the problem go away . 
  now , look at syriza for example . 
  syriza was the alternative , left solution to the problem of immigration . 
  they accused the previous government of mistreating immigrants in the amygdaleza camp ( which they did ) and the solution that it gave was to close down the camp and leave all the immigrants free in the center of athens without directions , food , housing or papers . 
  that 's the definition of not dealing with the problem . 
  similarly , what did europe do ? 
  it closed the balkan route essentially living countries such as greece and italy deal with the left over immigrants however they saw fit . 
  that 's also the definition of not dealing with the problem . 
  you 'll tell me now , that from their point of view they dealt with the problem ( no more immigrants in their countries , right ? 
  ) , but no , that 's not effectively providing a solution to the problem , but shifting the burden to someone else . 
  if you want another example take luton 's situation , or even better sweden 's situation , where if you dare criticize the muslim problem and the problems that come with mass immigration you are labeled by the left as a racist and an islamophobe . 
  who does n't turn a blind eye to the problem ? 
  the edl , pegida and the sweden democrats . 
  that 's why i said in the beginning that the left does n't want to deal with the problem . 
  nope , gd 's rhetoric is as dumbed down as you can get . 
  syriza wanted to appeal to the whole left , to traditional pasok voters and to even neutral and/or undecided voters that wanted a new party in government after 40 years . 
  gd 's target group is specific and their rhetoric is such that 5 year olds can understand them . 
  i agree , but the thing is that some refugees refuse to leave the muddy camp in idomeni and greece has received much less than half the assistance that it was promised ( specialists to work in the hot spots , equipment to do the necessary security checks , funding for camps , etc ) and the deal with turkey has sunk . 
  so that leaves us with around 50 thousand refugees and immigrants in various places in greece without money , work and papers , with barely enough food and bad accommodations who also do n't speak greek or english . 
  this is a problem that demands a short term solution , or better a provisional solution . 
  correct . 
  the solution is to stop refugees from leaving syria , and this can only happen if we stop the war there . 
  but right now there are millions of syrians that have fled syria and many of them live under horrible conditions . 
  leaving them in a muddy camp in idomeni is turning your back to a humanitarian crisis right now . 
  the war might take years to end . 
  nope , syriza did n't provide a scapegoat . 
  gd 's message is simple and appealing to some . 
  * `` refugees , immigrants , and corrupt politicians ( the other ones , not us ) are to blame for everything . 
  elect us and we 'll get rid of them , so everything in greece will magically improve overnight . 
  '' * it 's what trump does * `` we 'll ban all muslims and make america great again '' * there is a logic behind why people choose to support the far right , and it 's not because they like it 's ideology , they like it 's simple message , scapegoats and easy solutions . 
  so yeah , they are kind of different in the way they choose what to vote . 
  nah , if you see conservatives today , at some aspects , are more liberals than liberals were 60 years ago . 
  far right is n't in the rise in greece . 
  but it is in countries like poland and hungary , those are the countries i 'm talking about . 
  and do n't underestimate people 's na\u00efvet\u00e9 . 
  one can easily vote , for example , golden dawn because they provide a scapegoat and an easy solution .
