  that 's exactly the way we should react to those things . 
  i visited m\u00fcnchen just after the paris attacks and before the m\u00fcnchen hauptbahnhof lock down . 
  my mother was worried sick but i told her if we let them scare us , they have already won . 
  yes but he is n't willing to do anything about the separation of church and state . 
  even if he had no other priorities . 
  my thoughts exactly !, 
  that wo n't happen to greece for at least 50 more years , unfortunately . 
  most modern greek names come from christian saints , though . 
  ancient greek are much more interesting in my opinion . 
  this reminded me that scene from * band of brothers * , when they have liberated the concentration camp , but the citizens of the nearby town were saying that they did n't know what was happening . 
  yurop strong into space !, 
  we will eventually run out of ancient greek names , though !, 
  so , did you give her a list of forums and nicknames ? 
  i do n't get why they 'd need facebook in hr , is n't linkedin enough ? 
  they want to employ me , not date me !, 
  or you can just call . 
  for starters , i do n't shout from the rooftops about facebook either , and try living without a mobile phone , especially if your profession absolutely requires you to have one . 
  my friends and i are all around 25 , and naturally social media usage is higher . 
  every time we go out ( even for wegbier ) i can see them buried in their facebook accounts for at least a couple of minutes , all together at once . 
  i do n't pry on other people 's phones , but when i happen to cross sights with somebody 's phone screen , 8 times out of 10 i see facebook . 
   like the comment you replied to complained about facebook dumbing down people . 
  that was me . 
  feel the awkwardness now !, 
  i said this because in real life , everywhere i turn my head i see someone posting on facebook . 
  if you use facebook instead of watching the street/talk to your friends/enjoy your holidays , you 're really dumb . 
  you 're right about reddit . 
  the reason i mentioned facebook was because it is the mvp ; nobody ever asked me for my e-mail , reddit or google account . 
  i do n't think you quite right here . 
  the point is that the majority of people do n't know how shady facebook is . 
  it collects data without you knowing ; for instance , [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2016/08/09/how-did-facebook-get-my-number-and-why-is-it-giving-my-name-out/ ) . 
  * educate * may be a condescending term , but i 'd rather someone tell me that my future employer can find the stupid things i had said when i was 15 thanks to facebook , than an obnoxious little cunt shame me because i ate a burger . 
  that 's the only good reason for staying , imo . 
  but besides communicating , and the extra conveniences of groups and events , i never understood why everyone 's so keen on making their personal lives public . 
  stupid friends do n't have phone credit to call or text . 
  also , it 's easier to communicate with oversees friends . 
  personally , i only use the messaging up , and not the facebook app , so it 's as if i have left !, 
  i think it 's high time we left this stupid social network , anyway . 
  it only dumps down people . 
  are you not still sane up there , on your little islands ? 
  plus , you officially play better football than us . 
   `` if a very decent person has his wife or mother insulted then he can not control his feelings and so he will put his decency and proper thinking to the side and get very angry and out of control . '', 
  then you move from junior high to high school and you learn that these idiots do n't worth your time , nor is violence - let alone murder - a civilized reaction . 
  of course , stupid brain !, 
  i 've seen so many parodies that i 've forgotten the original german dialogue . 
  apparently , i 'm missing context . 
  he 's technically correct , though . 
  when those classifications came to be , the first world was the west , the second world was the commies , and everything else was the third world . 
  it just so happened that 3rd world countries were either underdeveloped/developing so the term * 3rd world * was associated with hunger , poverty , and medieval morals . 
   syria civil war was probably co-caused by preceding droughts , you know . 
  bill nye , is that you ? 
  maybe drought was a factor , a small one nonetheless - compared to all the other factors - , which brings me to my point . 
  it is true that global warming is a serious problem , but all the fear mongering that cities will be underwater in the next 20 years , and the war in syria was caused by drought , and cats and dogs living together , mass hysteria , is no different from trump saying global warming is a chinese conspiracy theory . 
  people are being told since the 80s things like : in 20 years the seas will rise ; by 2020 we 'll have run out of oil ; within the next 30 years we 'll need oxygen tanks to go outside ; etc. 
  none of these has happened and thus people have undermined the problem . 
  the situation is a kid-crying-wolf one . 
  us , mediterraneans , take our meat eating seriously !, 
  i can empathize with you . 
  wild fires hit us hard this year , plus another fire burnt down half a dozen traditional buildings in the historic city center of lefkada . 
  narrow streets made it harder for firefighters to act . 
  really ? 
  i thought burning was a micro-aggression towards fire genders ( yes , it is a thing ) . 
  burn him !, 
  i 'm pretty sure he can do the accent right . 
  now we must do something about those eyes ... 
  fuck that , i 'm going back to syria ! '', 
  maybe they thought his passport was made in prc . 
  source ? 
  did n't hear anything about that . 
  * hand gestures *, 
  yes , [ it 's hard to get this out of your head now ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/10a2c/production/_90704186_mediaitem90704185.jpg ) . 
  eh , it differs from case to case . 
  in mine , for example , family played a more important role than my loser friends . 
  simon baron-cohen has also done research on gender differences on infants ( before they get exposed to societal influences ) . 
  i do n't know if it is a well known fact about him , i had to dig up pretty deep to find it out because all the `` buh biological determinism '' has tabooed the issue . 
  on the interview i saw the commentator even said that he was n't as comfortable around cameras as his cousin . 
  admittedly , i kinda lost you there . 
  did you talk to your boss , or you did n't but you should have had ? 
  in any case , i 've had an old boss that was a misogynist , and , in the long term , that turned out to be bad for the company , because he chose to hire the man over the more competent woman , and generally the climate was really bad because of his mistreatment of female ( and male ) employees . 
  the good thing is , that due to the competitive system , companies that choose to discriminate , ultimately harm themselves . 
  but you have n't told anything of essence yet . 
  you said that fbi is making terrorists , then you said that christians are just as bad , and then you said that more people die from car crashes , medical errors , and other acts of violence . 
  you still have n't told us * why * shutting down radical mosques is bad . 
  according to you islamic terrorism is not a none-issue , christian fundamentalists do n't pose half as much a threat to the west as muslim fundamentalists do , and there are no evidence that french and german security services produce terrorists because it 's their job to create enemies . 
  so , in essence , taking measures against islamic terrorism is somehow a product of fear mongering by the media ? 
  do you think that france shuts down radical mosques because they exaggerate the likelihood of terror attacks ? 
  so does that make islamic terrorism a none-issue ? 
  by the same logic lets stop caring about flight safety , more people die in car accidents anyway . 
  i live near the shithole that is the ~ ~ piraeus ~ ~ cosco commercial port . 
  the neighborhood used to be a picturesque , traditional , small greek town with taverns , but it got industrialized ( and now sold to the chinese ) and the infrastructures are shit . 
  some friends that live in the high-end suburbs of athens have very good speeds ; one even has 100 mbps ( which is actually around 80 ) which is part of a pilot high-speed internet program introduced by the greek telephone ( and internet ) provider . 
  salon.com , or otherwise known , the red herring producer of the western liberal media . 
  i 'm surprised they did n't mentioned the crusades !, 
  `` islamic terrorism is a big problem in europe and middle east today , but look at these christian terrorists in uganda 30 years ago . 
  check mate islamophobes ! '', 
  christians in africa kill people because they believe they are witches . 
  in your country they sent small children to hell houses and jesus camps . 
  jews still cut infants ' penises ; orthodox jews are even worse . 
  some buddhists even prosecute muslims . 
  i can find you hateful , fundamentalist sects in every religion , but the relevant problem here , in europe and the us , today is islamic terrorism . 
  particularly salafists , wahabbists and a few other radical sects of islam ( #notallmuslims ) .
