  expected the northen european countries to have become `` caliphate of europe '' or something . 
  yes , like you would n't have reddit if it was n't for us !, 
  and give mozart back to germany !, 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  much better !, 
  it is , to an extend . 
  thanks mostly to the media that perpetuated the `` video games are sexist '' rhetoric . 
  if you filter out the idiots of both groups you get sarkeesian criticizing video games , and many others debunking her criticism . 
  yay !, 
  can i has big welfare system now ? 
  also , have n't seen so many different ways to say `` greece '' before . 
  that 's great !, 
  edit : `` hellas '' is how we call it ourselves . 
  or at least how we used to according to [ katharevousa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katharevousa ) . 
   `` behaviour which disturbs or upsets , and it is characteristically repetitive '' maybe it 's just me , but i neither get disturbed or upset by people on the internet . 
  i 'm on forums for about a decade and i 've received countless mean spirited comments , ( especially by creationists !, 
  ) , repetitive in many cases . 
  i know it 's on the internet , and i can make it stop anytime i want , unlike real life . 
   just because you would deal with a problem by ignoring it does n't make it right . 
  it is n't , since it does n't fix the problem . 
  if we 're talking about 4chan trolls and x-box live 12 year olds ( a large part of anita 's harassers ) that 's exactly how you deal with them . 
  not ignoring them is giving them a reason to annoy you , it 's what they want . 
   which makes the vast bulk of it . 
  as you are an atheist , i assume you know thunderf00t . 
  i do n't think his videos are any of the characteristics you mentioned . 
  yes , people will pin point all the extreme cases ( polarization sells ) , but i do n't agree that the vast bulk of her criticism is empty , insulting , dismissive comments . 
  also , [ this ] ( https://www.google.gr/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=5&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewjh6yljppdnahxerxokheqac74qtwiiojae&amp;url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dwgvyj9ei90y&amp;usg=afqjcnfoixbmdblpyu57ate-vjmymctoyw ) guy did a good job . 
  in the videos of her supporters that i have seen , they just restate her arguments . 
   you do n't decide what 's real and what is n't . 
  i do n't think god exists , but i wo n't say he does n't . 
  some people consider him to be real the thing here is , that the existence of god is unfalsifiable , the existence of sexism in video games is n't . 
  and there is a difference between sexism in video games , and sexist video games . 
  for example , there is , among other things , sexism in gta ( obviously , as you 're playing a criminal ) , but this does n't make it a sexist video game ; it just represents reality . 
  and the developers are not woman hating , basement dwelling nerds that go out of their way to promote sexist behaviors . 
  that reminds me of the `` video games cause violence '' nonsense - also debunked - during the 90s . 
   she does n't harm anyone by stating her facts and her opinion . 
  yes , she did n't harm anyone , but she went on and destroyed the gaming community to the point that gamers were attacked relentlessly by the media . 
   only thing is , she actually shows evidence in her videos . 
  which have been debunked . 
   i did n't say denying harassment is harassment , just like i did n't say you harassed her , do n't strawman me , please . 
  i 'm sorry then , i misunderstood . 
  poe 's law ( or something similar ) . 
  and the fbi said that the threats were n't credible . 
  that did n't stop her or any other anti-gamergater . 
   you do n't respond to harassment by telling the victim to ignore it . 
  mean comments on the internet is not harassment - unless we 're talking about credible threats and doxxing . 
  why 's everyone so sensitive ? 
  i 've dealt with actual harassment and bullying in my life and i did n't cry to anyone or played the victim . 
   yeah , as far as you know . 
  which does n't appear to be much . 
  evidence to the contrary ? 
  did anyone showed up and tried to assault her ? 
   she 's getting a humongous amount of bullshit yes , there is some bullshit , unarguably , but she 's getting a humongous amount of valid criticism which her fans frame as harassment . 
   she , and many other people , consider to be a real , important issue . 
  does considering something make it real ? 
  her arguments have been demolished over and over again . 
   but harassing her for it or denying any actual harassment ? 
  seriously ? 
  denying harassment is n't harassment , like denying a murder is n't murder . 
  and when did i harass her ? 
  i criticized her , i said that she 's a con artist that plays the victim card . 
  since when that constitutes harassment ? 
   the best thing about this is that many people , me among them , would n't have learned about her videos if it was n't for the criticism . 
  so thank you for that . 
  you 're welcome , but , as i said , she 's demonstrably wrong . 
  mind you , i 'm not even a gamer . 
  i was completely neutral when this ordeal came out in 2014 . 
  on the contrary , she 's smart and knows how to profit playing the victim card . 
  i doubt that she got a lot of * actually legit * threats . 
  as for harassment , she was never harassed . 
  her yt comments are locked and everywhere she goes she 's on a `` safe space . '', 
  if she worries about mean comments on the internet , she can ignore them or block them . 
  as far as i know , no one showed up on her door/in any of her public appearances with malevolent intent . 
  whatever happened to sticks and stones may brake my bones , but words ca n't hurt me ? 
  yes , i do not really believe she 's that much of an idiot . 
  con artists are smart , just playing dump . 
  have n't you seen all these sarcastic `` i 'll have you know , little bitch , that i graduated top of my class in navy seal training ... '' texts ? 
  like the one / u/langeball did . 
  sarkeesian took one of those sarcastic texts and tried to make it look like legit harassment/death threat and tried to get the police involved just to play the victim card so she could ask for money and support . 
  depends on your point of view . 
  i see a bunch of butthurt feminazis taking a journalistic integrity issue and making it a sexism issue . 
  you know , because 12 year olds on x-box live is definite proof that all straight , white , male video game developers are sexists and racists . 
  yes , but what did a pole find in the uk . 
  that 's what i 'm interested in . 
  `` look at me , i 'm a victim . 
  support me on patreon even though i delivered less than half of the content i promised to deliver . '', 
  that 's what texans do . 
  just replace the sex dungeon with an old caravan . 
  they do n't meet the [ minimum requirement of metal bands per 1m people ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/metal-bands.jpg ) . 
  it 's surprising because every time refugees are on the news it 's always about afghanis , iraqis and moroccans but almost never syrians . 
  maybe we got the good ones , i do n't know . 
  breaking news : nigel the dog joins larry the cat !, 
  so you 're telling us that you can order books ( and maps ) from this site for free ? 
  faroe islands ? 
  are you sure it 's not wales ? 
  personally , i have seen refugees ( not immigrants in my case ) appreciate the help they 're given ( i live near two refugee camps ) . 
  not that we do n't have assholes ourselves . 
  afghanis and iraqis have stirred trouble regarding food portions more than once . 
  i have n't heard from syrians any complaints though .
