  or even stay there until the war 's over . 
  in the case of african countries i support the chinese approach , which means that we could go there , build infrastructures providing employment for europeans and locals alike , and then take something back ( like resources ) . 
  this way we can kickstart development , instead of pouring charity money . 
  i do n't know if artificial coastlines are called something else , but it is satisfying nevertheless !, 
  also , i 'm curious , are you taking measures for water 's level rising ? 
  are n't all these areas that are under sea level in danger ? 
  you raise good points . 
  regarding the doctor/engineer myth though , i think it 's true for european migrants , such as greeks . 
  there are a lot of engineers and doctors in greece that choose to emigrate in northen europe . 
  although some syrian refugees can clearly be doctors and engineers , i do n't think somalis or nigerians are . 
  whoever uses this excuse is lying to himself . 
  the real question in my opinion is : if one is skillful and willing to integrate , why not stay ? 
  maybe i 'm describing 1 % of the refugee/immigrant population , but should n't we help them at least ? 
  mainly so that the parthenon can be visible from almost anywhere in athens and it does n't get hidden by skyscrapers . 
  [ some more details and photos ] ( http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=419213 ), 
  you dutch have german wind turbines eh ? 
  enercon are the best in the market in my opinion ( sorry vestas ) , they do n't have a gear box and the spinner rotates the power generator directly making it lighter and easier to maintain . 
  they also look very sexy . 
  i mean , these curves make me want to analyze their flow forces triangle !, 
  r/engineeringporn the coastline being straight is a big plus . 
  so satisfying !, 
  only 4.3 million ? 
  that 's less than the population of athens !, 
  got source ? 
  if refugees/immigrants learn skills and integrate by the time the 15-24s become 45-55s what 's the problem ? 
  granted , this is a big if and first gen refugees/immigrants do ' t integrate fully . 
  pssst , wan na know how to fight nationalism ? 
  solve the problems that created it in the first place . 
  well , it kinda reminds me of buildings you see in 90s movies for some reason . 
  compared to 80,000,000 germans that 1/80th . 
  depends on the app you 're using . 
  i ca n't put a flair using relay for reddit . 
  hey there stuart mill !, 
  please , worst skyline in europe is athens . 
  apart from the parthenon you get a grey sea of rectangular apartment buildings . 
  seems very 90s to my . 
  i 'm compelled to like it . 
  damn you 90s nostalgia !, 
  yes , it was out of touch . 
  it was just a general remark based on my experience thus far . 
  usually economics and racism are more polarizing than the article 's approach to this matter . 
  maybe that 's why no one really cared about it . 
  indeed , i did read the article . 
  that 's why i said radical feminists and not feminists in general . 
  perhaps i was n't clear enough . 
  however offensive my comment might have been perceived , i do stand behind my last sentence . 
  the thing is , that even if 100 % of the seats in the parliament are hold by women , feminazis will still cry out patriarchy , or they wont like women choosing the conservative party instead of the labour/left/democratic party . 
  in any case , meritocracy should overshadow identity politics . 
  the best man/woman for the job !, 
  i bet she has a tuning fork with her !, 
  i bet she has a tuning fork with her !, 
  do you know who 's behind gamergate ? 
  the nazis !, 
  it is because it 's an industrial area between the sea and a hill , with no shops or even kiosks in a 3 km radius . 
  but we have a very busy and noisy highway passing in front of the house , which is nice !, 
  if only it were so easy to move to another city !, 
  islands are beautiful , but mountain villages are very underrated . 
  quite the contrary . 
  the problem with greece is n't that we got stuck in old values ( if that 's what you 're saying ) is that we made a blunder during the 80s and 90s and now no one want 's to pay the bill . 
  but if you go a few levels deeper , then you could say so . 
  we 're not as progressive as you up there ( which is both good and bad in my opinion ) but i do n't think that 's the problem , or at least the major one . 
  the problem lies more on us being divided and unwilling to organize , than how many progressive values we hold . 
  in any case , that 's politics and not aesthetics . 
  many progressive countries have preserved their classical buildings and even build new ones with the same , matching style ( i think amsterdam does that , for example ) . 
  while it is true that authoritative regimes like grandiose architecture , conservative societies classical architecture and progressive ones ( post ) modern architecture , i do n't think it 's right to mix aesthetics and moral values . 
  he would make an omelet to feed the people , but after intense pressure from the eu and a long period of playing the game of chicken , he would give the omelet to sch\u00e4uble and take another omelet as a loan along with strickt dietary instructions . 
  hey , serbia 's our friend . 
  right serbia ? 
  yes , and some brits are tired of poles stealing their jobs !, 
  on a more serious note though , polls are always wrong lately . 
  where do you live ? 
  i 'm not a big fan of concrete jungles . 
  ca n't complain though . 
  at least i have a panoramic view and not just a view of my neighbor 's laundry !, 
  yes , i meant minimalism . 
  not a big fan of minimalism , especially when taken to its extreme . 
  the picture of the building you posted is one i would use as an example to showcase my point . 
  however , i admit that some modern architecture i find interesting ( [ case in point ] ( http://homeworlddesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/modern-architecture-and-spacious-roof-deck-barton-hills-residence-homeworlddesign-2.jpg ) ) but i would change it for something more classical in a blick of an eye . 
  i find postmodern style architecture to be foreign and hostile and classical style to be more welcoming , impressive and blends better with the environment ( probably due to materials used ) . 
  finland is correct . 
  in somalia , for example , the moment you step foot on the country your local crime lord is waiting for you and he gives you a job and the necessary tools for it ( an ak47 and a fishing boat ) . 
  you also get to live the pirate life , yaaar . 
  quite fun !, 
  true . 
  the interesting thing is that many greeks have a wet dream that the emperor constantine will come back to life , throw the `` mongols '' out of constantinople and relive the glory days of the byzantine empire when orthodoxy and hellenism ruled the world !, 
  damn . 
  if i look out of my southern window i see [ this ] ( https://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/bn-ie789_greekp_p_20150501074228.jpg ) and out of the eastern window i see [ this ] ( http://www.publicdomainpictures.net/pictures/60000/nahled/city-view-of-athens-greece.jpg ) . 
  so depressing . 
  edit : this little island in front of the pier in the first picture is the shit depository of the whole athens . 
  you get pretty smells when southern winds blow !, 
  how should architecture improve according to you ? 
  have you seen athens ? 
  our buildings are practical but fucking awful and hideous . 
  modern architecture has a less-is-more mentality , which i find to be stupid . 
  * `` look at this masterpiece , is a big piece of glass/a concrete cube . 
  '' * personally , i can find more meaning in classical architecture and it 's grandiose style . 
  postmodernism has driven art down the drain if you ask me . 
  or , to put it differently , no one in 200 year is gon na look at modern buildings and find them impressive , or even interesting . 
  it 's not that i dislike it . 
  i 'm just neutral towards it .
