  i work 40 hours/weak only because i 'm an intern and do n't have many responsibilities , so i work 9-5 every day . 
  my co-workers work at least 9 to 10 hours/day . 
  i encountered some of the same people/situations on a night s-bahn ride from berlin messe nord to the sch\u00f6nefeld airport . 
  drunk dudes throwing up and some other drunk dudes screaming `` fahrkarte bitte '' to spook freeloaders . 
  since then , every time that i compare athens ' metro to berlin 's s-bahn in front of germans i have this [ smug face ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y4055en.png ) . 
  moment . 
   `` if you do n't like it here , go home , '' atoba said . 
  `` if you stay here , integrate . 
  try to get along . 
  join society . 
  respect this society 's laws . '' exactly . 
  also , how many more reasons do some people need in order to understand that it is about religion rather than politics ? 
  deutsch mit englischen untertiteln , because how else is my lazy ass going to learn german ? 
  do n't worry england . 
  come join the club !, 
  personally i have stopped purchasing from drugstores that sell homeopathic `` medicine . '', 
  i do n't want to give my money to people who knowingly sell horseshit just because it can be profitable . 
  oh , oh i would be !, 
   glasgow central mosque said it would not remove mr ali from his role until the links were proved . 
  but it said it condemned terrorism of any kind i 'm sure now people feel safer . 
  reminds me of the movie `` four lions . '', 
  seems that reality is n't that far apart !, 
  there are still flat earthers and creationists . 
  stupid people will believe stupid things regardless of evidence . 
  the problem starts when governments start to listen to them . 
  now they say this love story was n't true and the real reason behind the hijack was political . 
  it seems he demanded a few women prisoners in egypt be set free . 
  like xerxes did to the hellespont when a storm destroyed his bridge . 
  yes , `` god wills it . '', 
  at least that 's what many christian nationalists in greece believed a few years back . 
  the legend went that the last king of byzantium would return after 600 years or something . 
  many more christian nationalists today believe that a great ww iii will happen in which russia will destroy turkey and give us constantinople , at least that 's what a recently sanctified misanthropic monk who supposedly cured cancer but died from it once said . 
  media . 
  that 's a very nice infographic . 
  it seems that , to the media , all kurds have the same relations with turkey . 
  well it was bound to happen , was n't it ? 
  the leftists are ideologues that , in most cases , do n't want to/don ' t know how to deal with the causes of the problems and solve them , so the far right slides in and provides an `` easy '' scapegoat . 
  there are causes that you can point to and ways to deal with the problem effectively , or you can just say that 1.6 billion muslims are inherently evil and we should deport them all . 
  every time a leftist calls someone an islamophobe because ( s ) he points out the problems with radical islam , a european turns towards the far right . 
  someone 's watching sargon of akkad a lot !, 
  and that 's what happens when the left , in the wake of jihadist terror attacks , instead of facing the reality and providing solution , tries to justify the situation saying things like `` the real problem is western imperialism . '', 
  the neonazis will come with a ( very bad ) solution and take matters into their hands ... 
  what i 've heard from greek media is that turkey says that it hits isis fighters , but really hits kurdish soldiers fighting isis . 
  at least that 's what they were saying a few months ago , before the suicide attacks in istanbul . 
  what is the pkk doing in germany ? 
  because germany has a lot of turks ? 
  also is n't the `` daily sabah '' erdogan 's favorite newspaper ? 
  how accurate are those comments , though ? 
  i hear them every time that turkey bombs something around that region . 
  so they had enough money to pay the smugglers , does that mean that they are not worthy of assistance ? 
  i 'm not supporting neither completely open borders nor a competent open multicultural society ( the mix of two totally different cultures is catastrophic ) . 
  but if someone is fleeing war , is willing to work , respect and live under our rules and not just live in a small secluded community under sharia law and such bullshit while enjoying the privileges that come with living in a civilized country , then by all means let him stay . 
  when peace comes back to syria then he can go back if he so wishes . 
  that may come in years or decades , what should he do until then ? 
  live in a camp in idomeni ? 
  i 'm just saying , the problem of terrorism will not stop with closed borders to refugees . 
  the problem is the small secluded communities of muslims that is the breeding ground for radical islam . 
  the solution is n't to let refugees die from hunger out in the cold , it is to not let them form ghettos . 
  and frankly , more fundamentalists muslims exist among such secluded communities than among refugees . 
  the paris and brussels terrorists , in their plurality , had french and belgian passports respectively . 
  even if a bunch of them sneaked with the thousands of otherwise non-violent refugees , is this reason enough to close the borders to all of them ? 
  more like implementing stricter checks . 
  i do n't have photos to show , but i 've been to the part of the port that are concentrated and saw that the majority were women and children . 
  cockblocked by an f-16 fuel tank . 
  this is a story to tell to your grand children !, 
  humor seems to come really handy in situations such as these !, 
  so , france , netherlands , luxembourg and germany should close their borders with belgium because the terrorists were belgians , not syrians . 
  i live near piraeus and there are a lot of refugees here and the majority are just women and children . 
  i 'm not saying that there may not be terrorists among them , but i doubt that a psychopath that wants to blow himself up , will sneak into europe through the aegean . 
  three years probation ? 
  and what happens after that ? 
  get 's set free and blows himself up in the subway or something ? 
  it 's hard to trust authorities with these kind of `` punishments . '', 
  how can europe close it 's borders to people fleeing war and let literally terrorists semi-free ? 
  if memory serves me well , very few `` terrorist attacks '' happened in greece . 
  the only `` terrorist attacks '' that did happen were from anarchist groups bombing the car of some judge or politician or the offices of pasok for like the 5th time . 
   i remember my friend was with a girl on a bench , in the forested hill ( ljubovi\u0107 ) in the city . 
  jettisoned fuel tank from an f-16 landed near him - he ran down the hill naked , and scared shitless . 
  the entire neighborhood laughed at him for months . 
  i laughed so hard !, 
  well , over here atheists and christians practice the easter and christmas dinner equally !, 
  christians also pay a short visit to the church , that 's our difference . 
  although i kind of agree with your statement , the dominant factor is n't religion , but society . 
  there are semi-closed communities of christians that are bible-thumbing retards and muslims that have integrated into society and adopted western ideals who are very good people . 
  religion is a factor in the way that a moderate muslim can be radicalized more easily than a moderate christian , because islam has n't gone through a reformation . 
  also , i 'm not saying that promiscuity is a good thing , but `` god will punish you '' is n't a good argument against it . 
  actually there are n't a lot of [ good arguments against it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la8o4ptxvxc ) . 
  the problem lies with the church , not with the christians . 
  christians are cool ; my family is christian . 
  at least with an atheist majority , or plurality , the church wo n't have the excuse to say `` it is our right to interfere with government because 90 % of greeks are christians . '', 
  is n't just greek brothers enough ? 
  i do n't think our brotherhood will be impacted if we remove `` orthodox '' from it . 
  besides , does n't a big part of serbians [ consider religion not to be an important part of their daily life ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_serbia#irreligion ) ? 
  in theory , yes . 
  but the church is still influential in matters of the state . 
  more than it should be . 
  it has a saying on many matters ( ie gay marriage ) that are n't its business and government officials like to listen to them . 
  there are also more than a few scandals involving statal property and the church . 
  also priests are included as `` public sector workers '' and are paid from our taxes , which they do n't pay by the way . 
  because no one takes religion seriously , like hardcore catholics or evangelicals , but you still have to do a lesson in christianity in school , listen to the archbishop talking racist/homophobic bs on public television every sunday morning and a lot of progressive bills ( for greek standards ) have been frowned upon or even halted by the church .
