  good point , but is it true for 2nd and 3rd generation muslim immigrants that grew up in europe ? 
  even those that grew up in isolated muslim communities ? 
  i think it 's a mixture of two factors . 
  first you have the individuals in iraq that grew up during the war and saw westerners as enemies , and the individuals in pakistan who witnessed their houses being destroyed by drones and , again , blame the west . 
  secondly , the nature of islam is such that radicalization is very easy , even amongst people that grew up in the west and enjoyed every privilege that comes with living here , and also muslim communities tend to isolate themselves from the rest of the society , wich makes it easy for a radical imam to spread jihad . 
  liberals and people on the left like to focus only on the former and disregard the latter . 
  but you ca n't solve a problem if you deny half of its cause . 
  i 'm not religious , but from what i have read about the quran i know it 's divided into two periods , mecca and medina ( which are the equivalent of new and old testament respectively ) , but their ot comes after their nt and whatever comes last ist `` truer '' according to muslim scholars . 
  interesting . 
  i once asked r/austria about it and they told me that the fp\u00d6 is n't like our golden dawn ( i 'd consider them far-right/neo-nazis ) but more like independent greeks ( they are right wing , have conservative values , etc ) who are in the coalition government with syriza right now . 
  or , at least , like laos ( which does n't exist anymore ) who were more right and you could find a lot of racism in there , but it was n't a sentiment shared by all its constituents . 
  as strange as it may seem , i have n't come across many censorship occasions . 
  and the times that i have , it was mostly a couple of idiots who ruined the discussion . 
  generally , i do n't think that all the mods have an agenda to push and all of them feel justified to censor discussions , i mean morally-wise . 
  maybe i 'm being too naive . 
  although u/whitepalms85 has a point , the things he mentions would generally lead someone into petty crimes - such as theft - but certainly not into attacking 21 people with an ax while shouting `` god is great . '', 
  after our civil war , my grandmother went to belgium where she worked as a maid for a rich belgian family , and met my grandfather there who was also a refugee , a mine worker . 
  day-to-day life for them was shitty , especially for my grandfather , but neither of them committed violence . 
  the thread was locked because someone said `` sandmonkeys , '' or it was becoming a circlejerk of racism ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  yes , that 's why throwing the term `` islamophobia '' so loosely is stupid and counterproductive . 
  i 'm also against this term - if i did n't make myself clear before - , i 'm just saying that there is a specific context into which this term is valid , but that 's not the point of the discussion . 
  ca n't see it in my inbox , but i wrote above pretty much what he said . 
  he said something in the lines of : * a small minority of muslims are terrorists - all muslims are bad * * half of all germans hold nazi ideals - let 's not generalize * * #logic * he was mocking , of course , the people who argue that there is a problem with islam and muslim communities that do n't integrate and can easily get radicalized . 
  i think the distinction is correct . 
  as i said , it would be an irrational fear if you think islam will become the prevalent culture in europe , but it 's not an irrational fear to be afraid of muslim terrorism . 
  i guess it might change from person to person , but we can generally agree over rational and irrational fears . 
  in the end i think that whoever coined the word `` islamophobia '' probably exaggerated intentionally . 
  the us is a good `` case study , '' so to speak . 
  in austria too , the far right ( although they are not racists and fascists as one would think when he/she hears the words far right ) almost won the elections , and , since they 're going to repeat them , might ultimately win . 
  oh that 's great considering that we have such a capable government and we enjoy the merits of a stable and prosperous economy . 
  finally , this is something that 'll break the dullness . 
  i 'm sure that erdogan would n't mind us keeping these plotters and i 'm even more sure that their lives would n't be in danger should they return to turkey . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  the far-right will always try to polarize and make an `` us vs them '' argument , but this is not a fictional problem created by the far-right in order to serve its purpose , rather than a problem that the far-right will take advantage of . 
  there is a problem with muslims , specifically the ( rather big ) minority who will form muslim ghettos , not integrate , and advocate for religious law , and if we do n't address them , then the far-right can use this fact and generalize to `` all muslims are the problem . '', 
  tell a victim of the paris attacks or this train attack that there is no problem with the muslim communities and it 's all right-wing propaganda , and call them racists on top of it all . 
  then congratulations ; you have just created a marie le pen and an npd voter . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , in words such as * homophobia * the '' - phobia '' shows that the hatred is caused by an irrational fear of you becoming a homosexual , and therefore feel threatened by them . 
  some would argue that these are freudian bs though . 
  * islamophobia * is supposed to mean the irrational fear of witnessing your culture being overtaken by islam . 
  if muslims could integrate easily and cause no troubles , but one was nevertheless afraid of them , then the word would be applied correctly . 
  when one says is concerned about the problems that come with vast amounts of refugees from a totally different culture and has evidence to base his/hers concerns on , then he 's not an islamophobe ; he 's a sane person . 
  i agree . 
  opinions never hurt anyone , actions did . 
  the only way to fight an opinion is with another opinion . 
  the phrase * sticks and stones might break my bones but words can never hurt me * seems appropriate . 
  in greece 's case when a member of the communist party has an opinion you can bet it 's the opinion of the party . 
  plus , this belief is prevalent amongst my university 's left factions ( which won the student elections in some faculties ) , all the left media , and is hold by some - if not many - members of syriza . 
  personally , i subscribe to center-left views and therefore my political environment is filled with these views . 
  facebook is just the most common medium for me these days ( even if i do n't use it very often ) since i 'm an intern and therefore not in the uni regularly , and try not to watch too much tv . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that even though i see these opinions on the internet , i can safely assume that they are shared by a large number of people . 
  the only reason i 'm on facebook it 's because my stupid friends are to cheap to send text messages . 
  that , and there 's a nice group for modelers and modeling-related stuff , which is nice . 
  since i deleted facebook from my phone , i only check it once or twice per week , but it 's enough to see idiot posts . 
  i imagine this depends on the subreddit , but i think you 're right . 
  opening a lidl-jihad would be a great idea . 
  is terrorists and is sympathizers would go in to shop , and we would have the opportunity to profile them . 
  yes , it 's genius and fail-proof !, 
  [ evil laugh ], 
  no , but they as in danger to be attacked by their religion 's fundamentalists as any other european . 
  plus they get the added disadvantage of been looked down on , even if they are member of the actual liberal minority and not the sharia-law-wanting `` moderates . '', 
  but the progression from the former to the latter is quite easy , and i fear that we 'll see it happening sometime in the future . 
  what drives me crazy is that facebook is cooperating with an ngo whose manager is a former stasi . 
  information drawn from [ here ] ( https://www.google.gr/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewjx-j7hhv_nahvbvhqkhbwxbaiqtwiihdaa&amp;url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dwumn80jb8ca&amp;usg=afqjcnec7jg_qsau2rqsr87ggqg-eah25w&amp;bvm=bv.127178174,d.d24 ) . 
  in greece it 's not hot if it 's not at least 37 . 
  fore me personally though , anything about 25 is hot . 
  i 'll need it for later , when i 'll have become weltkanzler !, 
  well , there are 1.5 billion muslims . 
  if 1 % of them are terrorist we have 15,000,000 terrorists . 
  if 1 % of them are in europe we have 150,000 terrorists in europe . 
  probably an over-inflated number , but enough to be a problem nonetheless . 
  i very much doubt that half of germany ( ~ 40 million people ) hold nazi ideas . 
  assuming that they are , then yes , it would be a problem , but at least they do n't go around killing innocents . 
  so it would be a problem , but not as serious as the 150,000 jihadists . 
  i have a few facebook acquaintances ( ex-schoolmates , ex-colleagues and such ) that are very left on the political compass , and say these things all the time . 
  mein gott , they found me !, 
  [ starts ~ ~ saving ~ ~ shaving mustache ] edit : my best typo thus far !, 
  i blame the patriarchy , white supremacy and the us intervention in the middle east . 
  too soon . 
  but take my upvote regardless !, 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
  can we at least admit that there is a problem and not write everything off as `` islamophobia '' ? 
  if not for any other reason , this only makes the far-right more popular . 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  i agree , somewhat . 
  i explain my self further in a comment below . 
  the thing is , that a crossword puzzle in a newspaper is n't art , but if you put it on display it becomes art ( or just if the maker says it 's art , then it 's art ) . 
  and it may very well be - i wo n't oppose that , a lot - , but you ca n't say that it 's just as good as other artworks because taste is something subjective . 
   and criticism is n't criticism just because you decided to call it criticism . 
  most people `` criticize '' art pieces after casually glancing at them for a second and deciding it 's stupid , without spending a moment in contemplation or an attempt to understand the message being conveyed . 
  true , but not in my case . 
  i have tried really hard to understand the deeper meaning and i have spent a lot of time contemplating over pieces of modern art , but , alas , to no avail . 
  i have came to understand that the most prevalent meaning behind modern art is a statement against `` the establishment '' - politics , conservative values , social issues , the ubiquitous philosophical view towards life and nature - , whereas in classical art i have seen a plethora of emotions being conveyed , like anger , lust , anguish , fear , happiness , beauty , awe , etc. 
  i ca n't help but notice that modern art is used as a medium to spread a message , in contrast to classical art which represents human emotions , and it distances itself from any aesthetical value , so to speak . 
  in other words , it 's more important to convey a message and criticize , rather than make something beautiful ( to the extent that we can , more or less , quantify beauty and judge it somewhat objectively ) . 
  this is why i have associated postmodern ( french ) philosophers with modern art . 
  then again , maybe my bias for certain aesthetics gets in the way , but this is the conclusion i have reached after trying to distance myself from any of my preferences . 
  whatever the case though , i can not bring myself to say that vagina droppings and big rocks have the same value as michelangelo 's statues and el greco 's paintings . 
  for me too , and i 'm greek .
