  my comments come most from my experience in my country , which i think is not far from the norm in other countries . 
  i have the fortune to still be able to call it a day at 5 o'clock , and still i ca n't imagine how hard it 'll be to come home from work at 5 and having to deal with all the chores and taking care of a child . 
  my father works overtime for 15 years now in order to provide for us and he does n't have time for himself . 
  if my mother was n't a housewife this household would be a mess !, 
  although syriza 's officials have expressed radical views , including two of them , the minister of foreign affairs and the minister of immigration policy , saying that refugees will solve our demographic problem ( which is wrong even arithmetically , they are simply not enough ) , a big part of the population are n't liberals ( greeks were always very divided ) . 
  that 's why right-wingers think we are becoming a liberal hell-hole and left-wingers think we have n't made any progress yet and our society is sexist , racist , homophobic , islamophobic and very religious . 
  the truth is somewhere in the middle . 
  people should be encouraged to be the best they can be . 
  encouraging women to work , sure we should , as a matter of fact , we should encourage everyone to work . 
  but not frown upon women , or men , that choose to make a family and not a career . 
  when it comes to raising children the couples must understand that nothing is better than the classical parental roles ( one provides , one takes care ) . 
  you ca n't eat the cake and have it whole at the same time . 
  it 's not a gender issue , it 's a practical one . 
  all i said was that women , on average , are better household keepers than men . 
  one can choose day care , or boarding schools and whatnot , but you ca n't work 8hrs/day plus overtime , do all the chores , cook all the meals and spend quality time with your children , in a 24hr day . 
  is she one of those radical feminists , pc idiots ? 
  stop being radical leftists sweden , wake up !, 
  if you have a fucked up pension system like greece , then yes . 
  that 's the problem we have now . 
  there are more pensioners , that do n't contribute to economy , than workers . 
  that 's completely idiotic . 
  people should save money throughout their careers to use as a pension , and stop depending on the situation of the market in 40 years time . 
  i think that the traditional family plan would be the best . 
  one should be the provider and one should take care of the household . 
  but now feminists frown upon housewives . 
  caution , though , i 'm not saying that women should become housewives because `` it 's their job , '' men can become househusbands if they like , women are just better at it than men . 
  oh no , the brits are waaaaaay ahead on [ this game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3o-iagrowxi ) . 
  the world seems strange when you have no tv , or interest . 
  does australia participate in eurovision ? 
  til that novorussiya 's flag is similar to the confederate states of america 's flag . 
  today i learned a lot of things !, 
  in greece , the neo-nazi , hitler-loving , nationalist party went from 0.5 % to 7 % all because they changed their rhetoric . 
  they are now promoting their selves as the only `` true patriots . '', 
  it 's leaders are deep inside mafia and ship owners 's pockets , they photograph themselves wearing nazi uniforms or smiling in front of the furnishes in auschwitz . 
  yet people , especially the working class , view past all of these . 
  maybe they are two illiterate , unconcerned , fed up or plain stupid to admit the truth . 
  my point is , not all labeled `` nationalists '' are tommy robinsons ( whom i really like ) . 
  from what i hear , you guys in england have a rampant sjw community that does what you 're describing . 
  i started english lessons when i was 7 ( i think ) . 
  i now have the certificate of proficiency in english from michigan university !, 
  because i use them a lot in my everyday life , my english are better than my greek . 
  at least that was the case before i started learning german and forgot some of my fancy vocabulary . 
  to this day , though , i do n't know a tiny bit of grammar . 
  neither in greek nor english . 
  i learned english as if it was my mother tongue . 
  i have to thank video games and movies for that !, 
  i admit that men kissing in public feels a little weird to me , but i do n't like straight couples kissing in public as well . 
  i do n't find either of these two offensive , i do n't care if you 're heterosexual or not , get a room you weirdos !, 
  well it was omitted from the news segment that i watched . 
  and that 's the problem with religion . 
  each person has , more or less , his/hers own interpretation . 
  but , through my experience , i have found that this answer is pretty popular among believers considering that first time i got it from my sunday school teachers 15 + years ago . 
   he said in his disclaimer before he read the `` poem '' : `` this is something that you can sue me for erdogan , this are baseless insults , basically slander , and what i am doing here is not legal '' . 
  literally no one mentioned or showed that . 
  i saw the `` complete '' video on tv so i did n't bother to re-watch it on the internet . 
  i agree that he could have used so much ammunition against him instead of going for low hanging fruit , but it was done in the context of a comedic show , even though he failed . 
  like everyone does with trump . 
  they 're calling him racist and sexist and whatnot , instead of focusing on some real criticism . 
  however , what qualifies as an insult in very subjective . 
  god help you nowadays you can call someone `` beautiful '' and be labeled a sexist !, 
  and also depends on the person if he 's going to be offended or not . 
  imo , there is a difference between spewing insults trying to be funny and verbally attacking someone personally . 
  it depends on the context.if you 're angry and start spewing insults , then yes , that 's not satire . 
  if you 're purposefully trying to be edgy and provocative , then it 's just distasteful satire . 
  erdogan and b\u00f6hmermann can short it out as individuals , that 's totally fine . 
  erdogan demanding the german government to prosecute b\u00f6hmermann is unacceptable , but i did n't know that the german law required the government to approve prosecution . 
  i was under the impression that erdogan wanted to show-off how powerful and influential he is so he demanded merkel to do his business . 
  a few years back that debate ( when comedy becomes insult ) was also going on in greece , as a very popular `` comedian '' used to make insulting comments regarding another public individual in the name of satire . 
  law suits were going back and forth , if memory serves me right . 
  personally , i believe that there are no limits to satire , only good and bad satire . 
  but are n't b\u00f6hmermann 's comments protected by freedom of speech ? 
  or do they qualify as insult or harassment or something like that ? 
  if that 's the case , then i do n't agree with that , but that 's the law and i stand corrected . 
  [ bring out the syrian refugee children !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlftuag_hue ), 
  actually , every time i asked a christian why the bible has so many horrible stuff inside if god is all good and loving , i got the aforementioned answer . 
   on 15 april , merkel announced in a press conference that the german government approves a criminal prosecution of b\u00f6hmermann , though confirming reports of disagreement between a number of her coalition government 's ministries and her office . 
  merkel said , it was `` not the business of the government '' to make a decision in this case , but of the justice . 
  if it is a matter of justice , why did the government have to approve criminal prosecution ? 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/b%c3%b6hmermann_affair#german_government ), 
  yeah b\u00f6hmermann likes to imprison journalists that criticize him , shoot down russian fighters and attack kurds . 
  i 'm not saying that we do n't do that right now . 
  i just want to keep doing that . 
  unlike , for example , how merkel stepped down and allowed the persecution of b\u00f6hmermann . 
  the deal was awful , in the first place , because we know turkey is n't safe , or at least safer than europe , for refugees , but we went on anyway because we wanted to make the problem disappear . 
  we secretly know that the money we have given turkey for the refugees will most likely be used by erdogan to make his palace bigger , and he knows that he can take advantage of the refugee crisis - and europe 's unwillingness to deal with it - in order to blackmail us . 
  my opinion , however , would n't be the same if erdogan was n't the dictator that he is . 
  orthodox christians say that the ot is negated by the nt . 
  even so , christians say to their selves , for example , `` jesus would never stone an adulterer . '', 
  what 's more , christians recognize that the bible is written by men and is therefore imperfect , so they can easily wirte the bad staff off . 
  muslims , however , believe that the quran is the holy word of god , and everything it says is true - even if both books are plagued with contradictions . 
  are not even sold in greece . 
  i only found one , imported by a rather suspicious looking online-shop . 
  even so , i managed to find more than enough slow coocker related articles and recipes . 
  bring it on !, 
  i do n't even think that the turkish government cares about syrian refugees , at all . 
  if there is going to be one positive thing regarding european affairs this year , i want it to be europe standing up and saying a big `` fuck you '' to erdogan . 
  or at least a paneuropean `` troll erdogan day '' be established . 
  we should n't close our borders completely , especially in greece and italy where you ca n't build walls in the sea or sink boats full of refugees . 
  i think we should make it clear that while in europe things are done our way and if someone does n't like it , then gtfo .
