  what the left is doing is taking a multidimensional , nuanced problem and boiling it down to `` it 's all politics and if you dare disagree you 're a racist islamophobe . 
  also , look what christians ~ ~ do ~ ~ have done . '', 
  i 've been an atheist for almost 10 years and i have been bashing christianity for almost 10 years . 
  now that i bash islam why is everyone on edge ? 
  and , mind you , i 'm not your average trump proponent , i realize the factor of politics and the us intervention , and i make the distinction between ahmadiyya muslims and wahabbist muslims . 
  when the kkk starts a civil war and texan immigrants start crossing to mexico ( lol ) , i 'll gladly stand by your side . 
  but until then , islamic terrorism is a much more pressing and important matter . 
  probably a combination of bad visibility and not proper traction due to the rain . 
  meanwhile in greece , my internet speed is 8 mbps . 
  and that 's the theoretical maximum . 
  in good days my speed is 7.4 mbps and in bad days it is 3-4 mbps . 
   do you really want me to start linking you to youtube videos and such in the us of evangelicals preaching hate and death ? 
  there are a lot , no doubt , yet we do n't have christian isis , do we ? 
  ( no , the kkk are n't the same ) . 
  also , evangelicals preach that god will kill them all in the rapture , not that the believers should go on and kill them all now . 
  the thing is , that these two religions are very different . 
  not only in and of themselves , but the culture into which their believers live is vastly different . 
  politics might explain why middle easterners want to come to europe to become martyrs , but it does n't explain why 2nd generation muslims get radicalized in wahhabist mosques in france and germany . 
  the problem it 's much too nuanced to only blame it on us intervention , or on secret services . 
  i do n't think a terrorist would go out of his way to distinguish himself in public . 
  well ca n't you ? 
  you can rent any place for a day ( given that the owner allows you to ) and throw orgies for all the society cares . 
  as long as you 're not doing anything overtly illegal , what 's the problem ? 
  still better than the million dollar rock that the la county museum of art spent on, 
  circle , circle , l1 , circle , circle , circle , l1 , l2 , r1 , triangle , circle , triangle for the older gta players among us for the lolz : up , up , down , down , square , circle , l1 , r1 , triangle , down . 
  and what erdogan used : l1 , r1 , triangle , down , r2 , x , l1 , up , l2 , l2 , l1 , l1, 
  seriously ? 
  i found better beer in munich 's hauptbahnhof than in all the kiosks ( and some taverns ) in greece . 
  it can also be that becks in germany is n't the same as becks in the us . 
  heineken and amstel , for example , are pretty good in the netherlands , but in greece they are yellow carbonated water . 
  they are not imported but produced here . 
  reading these , the question then arises : what 's the purpose of all these ? 
  why would the fbi create terrorists ? 
  so they can shut down all the mosques and prosecuted all muslims in the usa ? 
  sounds a bit far-fetched to be honest . 
  but even so , there are no evidence as of now that this is happening in france and germany . 
  authorities here operate based on whether the attacker 's mosque is teaching jihad or not . 
  german authorities , for example , [ were monitoring the deutschsprachiger islamkreis for a long time ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-security-iduskcn10815b?il=0 ) before they raided it . 
   openly encouraged killing abortion doctors . 
  and how many abortion doctors have they killed since the 90s . 
   various terrorist groups like the ira ira was a nationalist army , not a religious one . 
   shutting down mosques because of a few members is n't the same thing . 
  they shut down mosques that radicalize muslims . 
  if a terrorist went to a specific mosque , chances are this mosque 's imam was radicalizing people , thus it was n't shut down just because of a few members . 
   mr. guandolo takes a hard line against islamists . 
  some liberals brand him as `` anti-muslim . '' i do n't have any respect for islamists tbh . 
  some liberals do n't understand the distinction between islamists and normal muslims . 
   the us sends provocateurs into mosques who frequently report them to the government . 
  any tangible evidence ? 
  and if this is indeed the case , then they do it to weed out the bad apples , not set up a conspiracy . 
  i do n't think you 're agencies are * that * inept so as to radicalize muslims unintentionally . 
   in the us , right wing terrorists identifying as christian have killed alot of people . 
  just fyi . 
  have they formed their own state and dictate religious law ? 
  how many innocent people have they killed ? 
   yeah but that is putting them in jail for commit crimes , not speaking . 
  that proves my point actually . 
  they can still go in public and spew nazi propaganda ( which they do ) , but from the moment we had sufficient evidence that they 're the fucking mafia , we prosecuted them ( still in trial ) . 
   did y' all shut down catholic churches in previous decades when it was catholic on protestant violence ? 
  if radicalization had started from there , we should have . 
   then you should n't be in favor of shutting down religious institutions that just happen to have a crazy person or two in them . 
  you 're missing the point here . 
  it 's not that they have a few crazies in them , they have fanatic imams that preach jihad and radicalize muslims . 
  we do n't have to do with a few lost sheep here , but with a wolf in shepherd 's clothing . 
  that 's actually accurate . 
  then we 'll have become erdogan . 
  we can do better . 
  it seems that sweden is becoming tumblr ... 
   what about political parties that create right wing extremists that kill people ? 
  golden dawn is a great example of that . 
  we allow them spewing racist propaganda , but they are in trial for consisting a paramilitary/criminal organization . 
  party leaders were in prison until recently , and on of their members is in prison for murder ( executed with the graces of the party 's leadership , of course ) . 
   or christian churches well , if christian churches start producing assassins , i 'm all for shutting them down . 
   i hate to be the one to tell you this but terrorists are n't limited to islam . 
  did n't say that they were . 
  i mentioned islam because that 's the problem right now . 
   you also do n't seem to realize something very important i do realize that . 
  in fact , that 's the whole point of my comment . 
  shutting down mosques that produce jihadists who act independent of isis . 
   you 'd need complete state control of the internet , media , and religious organizations to achieve your goal . 
  you see , that 's a very dangerous power to have as it can be misused extremely easily . 
  if i have to choose between various freedoms and safety , i choose the former . 
  so ... you 're saying that it is ok to piss off the enemy in a way that it 'll potentially lead to more attacks , just to make europeans hate islamists even more ? 
  i also support kicking islamist thugs out of europe , but not in the cost of more lives . 
  if someone is n't convinced yet that backwards islamists are dangerous for european societies after all these attacks , i do n't believe more deaths will change their minds . 
  and make islamists call for more lone wolf attacks ? 
  besides , if i 'm not mistaken , newly proselytized individuals tend to be more conservative regarding their religious views . 
  i have n't even thrown the `` atheist stigma '' away from me , i would n't want yet another demographic giving me shit about it . 
  seems i missed that . 
  but we have our fair share of those nonetheless . 
  they are not evangelicals , and thus not bible-thumbers ; they are more subtle . 
  i happen to live opposite a church , so i have seen some from time to time . 
  it 's funny how i learn these news from foreign media . 
  no word for this here , as far as i know . 
  we have a few crazies in greece ( mostly elderly and single , middle age women ) , that believe they 're doing god 's work . 
  they probably acted on their behalf and euro relief has nothing to do with it . 
  we understand how it feels to have incompetent people on important posts !, 
  but what if a demagogue starts preaching war ? 
  i am for fighting speech with speech and not with censorship , or any other authoritative way , but i 'm also for being pragmatic . 
  i find myself somewhere in the middle .
