  when i went to spain , however , the temperature reached the 40s but it was very bearable . 
  i wish we did n't have so much humidity here . 
  not sure how you 'd be able to survive for long after a failed attempt . 
  did n't ira bomb a pub out of the blue , without any warning ? 
  i like how 37 deg is news . 
  over here it 's admittedly hot , but normal for this time of year . 
  yep , it was also engineered specifically to remove the head without much effort or pain . 
  imagine how painful and horrifying it 'd be if a second pass was necessary for complete head removal . 
  i just heard on greek radio that they managed to murder a priest before getting shot by the police . 
  they also said they were isis supporters and one more person is injured , maybe seriously . 
  * tin foil hats , get yer tin foil hat !, 
  easy prey when landing though . 
  these red tails bs ruined the plane for me . 
  i mean [ wtf ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk4ckzi3-zy ), 
  sure , if you through a shvetsov m-25 engine on an 109 you 'll shoot it down !, 
  oh war thunder !, 
  i never loved-hated a game so much . 
  i would forgive the wrong cockpits ( at least they are wrong in the 109s ) and the sometimes absurd mechanics , but its br system and the simulator battles fuckuppery ( new word ! ), 
  drove me to il2 to let off some steam . 
  have n't been back to wt since , and even if the learning curve in il2 is very steep , it seems easier to me . 
  it 's interesting to note though , that the first bf 109 flew on a rr engine ( merlin , iirc ) . 
  it was important because it allowed 109 pilots to decide when the fight would end . 
  at lower levels , however , the 109 was pretty much fucked , as the spit could keep up with it and it is more maneuverable . 
  it 's only chance was to try to outstall the spit . 
  in il2 cliffs of dover , the times i have been shot down , the spits were either above me , or i was at the deck . 
  pff daimler benz master race . 
  they were fuel injected instead of these pitiful rr merlins with untermensch carburetors that starved the engine with the slightest negative gs . 
  that 's the picture they have about western europe , and germany in particular . 
  when they arrive in germany and turns out that things are n't as they had imagined , i bet you 'd find at least a few that would consider going to portugal or greece . 
  the thing i ca n't wrap my head around , is why do they want to go to the `` best '' country since they have no guaranty that it is going to be as good as they imagine , and turn down offers that guaranty them something better than their current situation ? 
  i think it 's because some of them are n't syrian refugees , but economic migrants , but still , even for them there 's no excuse . 
  in these cases , i do n't think that even the refugees/immigrants want to return to greece . 
  they know that there are no special benefits , jobs and their families are already further into europe . 
   if an asylum seeker comes from a country in war , you can deport him to the first country where he 's been registered after leaving his country . 
  no , thank you . 
  it 's not irrelevant . 
  the quran advocates killing , in what context is this a good thing ? 
  excluding this that is done in self defense . 
  you 're saying that these quotes are taken out of context , and my argument is : does it matter * that * much ? 
  if there is a pseudo-justification for the killing , will it make it less problematic ? 
  i can unterstand why palestinians , iraqis and afghanis ( i have n't heard of lebanese terrorists ) would commit terror attacks , but is it also a culture thing if a 2nd generation immigrant decides to get radicalized and go to syria ? 
  the quran has equivalent of these as well . 
  the mecca and medina periods . 
  the former being the nt equivalent and the latter the ot . 
  to my knowledge , the part that came second is the `` truer '' part . 
  just as nt negates ( in a way ) the ot . 
  in what context is killing innocents a good thing ? 
  unless the quran does n't say anything about killing people if it 's not for self defense , of course . 
  i can imagine the reaction of her supervisor proofreading the article before publishing . 
  she 's being reasonable , but if i correct her that 'd be racist . '', 
  it seems that this is something i 'm gon na start noticing repeatedly from now on . 
  replace imams with demagogues . 
  demagogues would have one less means through which to radicalize the middle easterners , it 's what i 'm saying . 
  islam is the best excuse any demagogue could ever ask for , because it was created by men and in the quran you can find all the justification for terrorism that you need . 
  islam was , and still is , a tool , but it has since evolved into being the cause as well . 
  otherwise how can you explain why 2nd gen immigrants that grew up in the west , decided to adopt its radical part and commit to jihad ? 
  the difference is though , that the pro life movement does n't have an official book/guide that urges their members to shoot abortion doctors , nor does the bible say to rape little boys . 
  islam , however , says to kill infidels and whatnot . 
  so does christianity for that matter ; that 's why i blame it for the damage its hard-core fans inflict . 
  islam may have not been the * cause * of isis , but it certainly is the * foundation * upon which it operates . 
  terrorists do n't shout `` revenge for us intervention ; '' they shout `` allahu akbar . '', 
  without islam - and religion in general - radical imams would n't have an excuse to radicalize muslims . 
  how many terrorists became terrorists because they saw their families being killed by drone strikes and how many became terrorist because they were sold the jihad fairy tale and a global caliphate ? 
  maybe the chaotic situation sparked the flame , but islam is the oil and the wind that made it that big . 
  we must stop assigning more blame on us ( the west ) than we deserve . 
  when you got ta scratch , you got ta scratch , but he could have omitted the smelling part . 
  good analysis , but  do you blame all christians for westboro or would you blame all scientists for holocaust human experiments ? 
  i blame christianity for wbc and , similarly , i blame islam for isis . 
  the justification of evil is there in the books of both religions . 
  science , on the other hand , is objective . 
  there are no conflicting accounts on science that you can arbitrarily choose which of them is `` truer . '', 
  so i blame * some * scientists for manipulating scientific facts and principles for eugenics . 
  it 's nuanced . 
  kudos to both christians and muslims that have chosen to disregard the hateful parts of their religions , but this does n't make their religions any less dangerous . 
  i 'm missing context . 
  what did joachim l\u00f6w do ? 
  it 's not that the population of constantinople is almost 50 % higher from that of greece !, 
  for both , but mostly for people . 
  what if a horse freaks out and throws the rider down ? 
  i guess when jousting first started , injuries were part of the enjoyment . 
  so people automatically chose to interpret it as a police killing and immediately took to the streets ? 
  since there are petrol bombs included , if this had happened to greece , i 'd bet they were anarchists . 
  but now , with these little information given , it 's wrong to infer anything . 
  what kind of area is val d'oise ? 
  is n't it kind of dangerous though ? 
  i would n't want to see the olympic games adaptation of jousting with foam lances and golf cars instead of horses . 
  based finland !, 
  username checks out . 
  and sadly this does n't stop in politics . 
  take science for example . 
  do you want to study sexes , genders and races from an evolutionary/biological/psychological point of view rather than a social one ? 
  nope ; everything 's socially constructed , race and sex are taboo issues and you 're a racist and a sexist . 
  i know that it 'll sound conspiratorial , but many of those people have found a way into positions of influence , like the media and academia . 
  they operate according to their ideology , wich is based on some postmodern philosophy doctrines , and they follow it almost religiously . 
  only instead of a bible they have foucault 's criticism of society , for example . 
  actually , since you put it like that , golden dawn is very similar to fp\u00d6 . 
  golden dawn has stopped being openly neo-nazi these last years , and they have become completely populist . 
  for example , during the 90s they wrote hymns about hitler , and now they deny it and instead simply say that they 're the only true patriots . 
  they are hindered by law , since they 're being in ( pseudo ) trial with charges of being a paramilitary/criminal organization , and they do n't have support from any other party ( which use it to enhance their * everyone 's against us therefore we 're right and just * rhetoric ) , and since they witnessed a small increase in their numbers ( for 0.1 % the pro-crisis period to 0.5 % 3-4 years ago ) they became extremely populist and , as a result , they 're currently on 7.5 % and have half a dozen seats in the parliament .
