me too please . 
  sorry i am not a regular / r/europe user . 
  with snails ? 
  i remember my sister coming home from school upset because she went to ask the office lady for letters for french club ... ` miss , have you got any spare french letters . ', 
  she was so embarrassed when she was told . 
  hate that . 
  the bnp and edl constantly say they 're the silent majority but then have counter demos at their marches 4x as big . 
  deluded . 
  i do n't care about the nationality of britain 's pm at all . 
  having them all as british is an unequal representation . 
  why not have a german president ? 
  i would n't mind a german pm . 
  sounds brilliant in theory . 
  but i think it should be set up under states of 10m people . 
  it seems countries work well that have about 10m people . 
  what language ? 
  what form of gov ` t ? 
  what are the basic policies that would be implemented on a wide scale ? 
  yes , i am 14 and we have rs ( religious studies ) but it is mostly philosophy , religious views on certain things , sex education ( for a few lessons . 
  we did n't even look at religious views on that ) . 
  we also looked at slums in communities and the teacher was very inconsistent in teaching it . 
  she went on to say how they were better off because they were more of a community . 
  then later she switched to ` they work and sleep and walk in human shit and chemical waste ' and it 's awful . ', 
  let 's not be to hasty ... what do you think of the french ? 
  that 's a abit strange but then again geordies are strange . 
  that 's the north south divide in a nutshell but dunno about salaries . 
  it 's sorta taboo i 'd say . 
  maybe you 're just inconsiderate source : had a holiday to us . 
  i 'm just kidding . 
   but seriously it depends where you live northerners are much more direct but more friendly . 
  i was trying to say it was low counting the population density . 
  uk has high population density but we are n't as high up as alot of countries there . 
  maybe we just ca n't complain . 
  i know why not to call them gypsies but it 's more common and caravan people was all i could think of . 
  not that pc . 
  lol, 
  ok are the interactions with locals and travelers a problem ? 
  i am aware these are generalizations however there never seems to be data and when travelers do show up nothing happens to them for breaking the law . 
  normally they would be referred to gypsies . 
  so those travelers its not pc because you can be a gypsy in a house and not a caravan . 
  it 's weird . 
  that does seem like most travelers not seriously saying that they are all criminals but it is a regular occurrence for them to intimidate locals and ` recycle ' have n't met any travelers that have n't but only met 7 or 8 . 
  i agree but it seems they ` recycling ' is more like ` can we have this ... ^ or ^ we 'll ^ kill ^ you ', 
  so being a travel means you ca n't be a criminal ? 
  i say so about small to average size countries . 
  switzerland ? 
  the uk 's ` states ' if you like wales , england , northern ireland and scotland ( at the moment ) are having more power but england does n't have a parliament so as soon as england has one it would probably be more suitable to link with some other states of a similar political nature and standard of living and have open boards , more trade and deals with them and progressiveness join others assuming the eu becomes more democratic . 
  what 'd you think ? 
  basically the immigration fears are drummed up by the right wing press and we 've seen their predictions fail before . 
  the eu looks like this huge waste of money and a bureaucratic monster to many britons and many maintain the stance of being anti the eu but not anti eu . 
  alot of / r/europe has a like minded stance . 
  if we started over and made it more suggestive and optional rather than law . 
  also relatives of mine claim southern european countries do n't go along with eu regulations in the chemical industry ( source ; they work in the chemical industry . ), 
  the british empire `` the empire on which the sun never sets '', 
  why ? 
  i suppose a major reason that is covered up is a national identity , immigration out of control ( b * llshit btw ) and the eu being undemocratic at this moment in time . 
  and sub unions could develop political power with in the eu and self govern on some issues . 
  i like it . 
  makes sense this would stop the southern vs northern divide in attitude and economics apparentlyg . 
  so what would be another group that could work ? 
  agreed . 
  i 'm writing up a legislation now . 
  hhaha . 
  i 'm british and alot of people seem to have a flag next to their name on this sub so you know i just went along with it tbh . 
  umm ... how ? 
  that was one of my main doubts not to offend any country . 
  another problem is the complexity of the eu , lack of media coverage and understanding . 
  i was referring to the idea loosely not a name reform . 
  it is a very loose idea that could easily be a disaster . 
  i can see why we attract that look to a european audience . 
  ( our media 's fault ) the eu is slightly complicated and seems undemocratic reform is needed i think but a united europe is positive . 
  okay ... 
  i tried . 
  are you being ironic ? 
  an american against an imperial action ?! ... 
  against russia !? 
  ( not that i can say anything though . ), 
  owts better than daily mail . 
  i 'm do n't watch us tv that much i watch the films . 
  i normally just watch bbc iplayer stuff [ edit : i 've watched simpsons , futurama , south park , the walking dead and heard of about 4/4 of the rest but not watched . ], 
  me neither . 
  i like sci fi just not time travel . 
  i like documentaries too plus david attenborough . 
  reichenbach fall victim as well ? 
  sounds like something a tax avoider would say . 
  exactly . 
  so they can tax avoid , corrupt our politicians and start daily mail 2.0 to distract us from what their doing . 
  less of the shows are crap . 
  i 'd say . 
  yes , personally i hate us media ... sorry . 
  so cringey and bad quality . 
  i like it tbh . 
  it 's strange in a good way . 
  i want reformed eu not no eu . 
  maybe cameron did it to make it news that the eu pays money to us to take aways ukips support . 
  okay thanks . 
  food , sport and politics ? 
  wow . 
  thanks for the response . 
  greece have done quite a bit lool !,
