why do poles hate romanians more than russians/turks ? 
  why would you welcome the balkans most ? 
  well , if you already called yourself a thief i suppose if i call you a weak coward you 'll accept that too . 
  bogan . 
  because their sheer population size would make them as important as france and germany and we do not want another nation who think they 're the boss of everyone . 
   new danes if you walk into a stable are you a new horse ? 
  [ what ? 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/017/318/angry_pepe.jpg ), 
  trust no bitch . 
  additional info ignored by the bbc : [ claim that kosovan forces were planning to blow up the tracks . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/15/serbia-tomislav-nikolic-kosovo-ethnic-albanians-train ), 
  bbc is being biased . 
  the albanians chimped out and sent armed militia . 
  women are not being discriminated just because they do n't make as much as men . 
  we all have different aptitudes and priorities in life and women tend to care less about how much money they make and invest less time and effort in their careers . 
  you have equality by law . 
  would czech women be happier if they had their lady parts snipped at 8 and married at 10 ? 
  do n't blame your major for not meeting women . 
  hey polen , where is your hungarian-polish friendship now ? 
  we were but the people really love criminals . 
   i live in a city full of muslims and i am safer here than anywhere in east europe for example . 
  it seems that the more brunette the country the more obsessed they are with blondes . 
  is it freedom to have the state take my money by force to waste it away ? 
  people never take into considerations how corrupt doctors are in romania . 
  they have small salaries but they puff them up nicely with `` gifts '' from patients . 
  enough with the free stuff . 
  the salary in each country reflects the real value of the work they do compared to the available capital . 
  that 's why it differs . 
  you 're making the state force me to give you free education . 
  there is no such thing as free education . 
  the tax payers of a country pay for that with the motivation that those recipients will provide services and pay for their pensions in turn . 
  if the most talented and capable students would be leaving the country anyway then at least the people staying would get to keep their tax money and create more wealth so that the cycle ends . 
  same in romania . 
  we are throwing money at the west 's workforce and educating them while our population is declining and getting older . 
  darwin awards . 
  yeah , all these smug idiots do n't realize we 're going to look the same way in a couple decades . 
  america is future europe . 
  that 's just one word , buddy . 
  according to wikipedia their language is called vlax romani . 
  the language 's name is derived from the `` vlachs '' , a medieval exonym referring to the romanians . 
  lovely . 
  in the [ romanian language ] ( https://translate.google.ro/?ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;bav=on.2,or.r_cp.&amp;biw=1024&amp;bih=490&amp;dpr=1.88&amp;um=1&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;hl=en&amp;client=tw-ob#ro/en/rom%c3%a2ni ) *, 
  is there a more recent one ? 
  excuse me , but `` romani '' is the plural for romanians . 
  so then it was basescu , right ? 
  yeah but think about the resources you can allocate to native families instead of integrating migrants . 
  what if they kill everyone ? 
  would they win then ? 
  do you think terrorists even care that you are not afraid ? 
  not being afraid of the consequences of mass immigration and the incompetence of the police is what makes it easy for them . 
  and your point is ? 
  countries like romania and bulgaria can barely integrate gypsies ( who are majority christian and speak the local language ) but you want to throw mena migrants in the mix ? 
  gypsies are migrants that refuse to integrate in our country , who are causing lots of criminality and hate the country that 's welcoming them with its not exactly generous welfare because we 're poor and it 's the best we can do . 
  the guy was a suspected terrorist who was somehow not detained or put under supervision . 
  panicking is not the way to go but what evidence do we have that the situation is going to change for the better ? 
  we ca n't just sit here and congratulate ourselves that we are not pissing our pants like those people were doing when suddenly the truck ran over them . 
  strongest in the world but not strong enough for the cost of the migrant crisis !, 
  just because you are not as scared as those people were when the truck was running them over does n't mean you 're better than others . 
  and by the way , i 'm pretty sure terrorists care about what your politicians will do . 
  they do n't care about what the worm who 's going to be crushed next thinks or feels . 
  just because they 're incompetent does n't mean the german citizens should continue having rights . 
  it was never about security . 
  she 's going to be responsible for the psd 's failure to keep their campaign promises . 
  so after the state creates the problem , it 's giving us the solution . 
  there are still many islamists in ee waiting to strike . 
  romania deported on average 7 people per day last month . 
  and that 's pretty huge for a country where almost no one immigrates to . 
  what the hell is mainstream islam ? 
  cnn 's version of islam ? 
  we are not swedish enough to believe her connections to arab business men and her syrian husband are irrelevant when talking about a position of power in a country that is part of the eu and nato . 
  well , technically it is n't their fault . 
  it 's our fault for letting them in . 
  i see that germany is actively trying to match german girls with refugees . 
  and so does sweden . 
  but the rest ? 
  i think klaus iohannis had a say in this when he met with dragnea . 
  he 's the country 's most underrated troll . 
  it 's not trolling , he has close relations with her . 
  you ca n't say romania is n't a progressive country . 
  and how are you going to accomplish that ? 
  are you going to force europeans to breed with africans and arabs ? 
  uhm , on monday ? 
  inb4 eastern europe is not targeted because no one cares ( myeah more like you do n't care ) i do n't think ee is safe either . 
  we prevented a lot of attacks and islamists are deported regularly but we ca n't know when the authorities slip . 
  not to sound mean , but arab and south asian men are not as handsome as european men as they are generally shorter and have uneven facial features . 
  those eastern european refugees came from countries that are now part of the first world while the middle east will still be part of the third world in 5 years time . 
  so no , i do n't think they will be eager to go back . 
  so before this , the paris , nice , brussels and other attacks were funny to you ? 
  her husband 's hard earned money , not hers . 
  throws her husband 's money in a river * fify, 
  there 's something in the goulash . 
  misleading , the numbers are from 2010 and it does not take into considerations the arrivals from the refugee crisis and illegal immigration . 
  there 's an app for that , it 's called 9/11 . 
  i 'm not shilling for him and it 's extremely disturbing if all the allegations are true but the facts presented by the casa jurnalistului ( all the doctors and former patients who were hiding what he was doing and actually recommending him to people ) make me suspicious . 
  [ transylvania ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:flag_transylvania_history.svg ), 
  romanies ? 
  the cringe is real . 
  roma ? 
  did n't you mean gypsy ? 
  people get upset when you mention islamisation .
