maths is hard . 
  500w per person ish 2574mw in scotland according to wikipedia , across 5.5 m people . 
  second to highest band on this image . 
  i think it 's funny that really us scots were at the forefront of all that empire stuff , now we 're pissing off and leaving everyone else with the legacy . 
  the no campaign have gave up that bone , 90 % of the oil is in scottish waters according to international law and there are a great deal of very powerful nations in the world that want that international law upheld for other reasons . 
  no but it 's not a proper grown up nation either . 
  then vote yes and vote to punt the snp in 2016 . 
  try to get scottish tories in if you want . 
  salmond wo n't be king . 
  you do n't know how polling works . 
  city of london is already technically kind of an independent city state . 
  you can ( sort of ) , you do ( sort of ) . 
  the trouble is countries are only really countries if most of the other countries agree they are . 
  without the means to control your borders , without any kind of taxable population and without any products to offer in trade deals your declaration would go ignored . 
  if a country has none of the properties of a country , is it still a country ? 
  to put into perspective , it 's 62 murders . 
  down from 93 the year before . 
  bad per capita but ultimately not * that * bad at-all . 
   u no nothin ' , jon snow that 's a yorkshire accent . 
  scottish ( uk ) 2 . 
  south african 3 . 
  english ( england ) i 'll take it . 
  she looks like an older pippa middleton . 
  i would . 
  photoshop, 
  do n't forget northern ireland ^ ^ ^ please , ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ want ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ take ^ ^ ^ it, 
  '' * never believe anything you read on the internet * '' - thomas jefferson, 
  neither did 28 % of brits . 
  27.5 % of 34.2 % of the people eligible to vote did . 
  it was also just the biggest single block of voters , more people voted for other parties . 
  it 's true , even our welcomes are n't warm . 
  only if you take kilmarnock . 
  good for them , i 'd like to try some of their new cheese , just do n't call it brie because brie is already an established thing . 
  no biggie . 
  i for one am perfectly willing to allow the americans to retain the sole rights to the creation of ` fluff ' , whatever that is . 
   the us objection to this comes from their knowledge that champagne , prosecco and whatever the fuck else has such protection also has a major branding advantage . 
  in short , you ca n't buy class . 
   do you just enjoy paying more for the same thing because of a protected name and the government legislating price floors for common goods like milk , bread , and meat ? 
  yes , it 's better than the constant race to see who can invent the latest piece of throwaway shite we 'll all forget about in 10 minutes . 
  nah it 's written in a really old book so that makes it ok . 
   so ... what you 're saying is scotland 's answer to this is to bugger off , and threaten the overall stability of the country as a whole threaten stability ? 
  if stability is the path the uk is travelling just now then it 's quite apparent that scotland in * or * out of the union can do sod all about it . 
  our votes have n't mattered a jot in general elections since the 60 's , * we * are n't the ones voting for tories or ukip but they are increasingly in positions of power where they inevitably try and enact their corporate-backhander or racist little-englander policies . 
  nuclear weapons , taxation , wars , education , health , energy . . we differ . 
  not as much as the uk and france might differ but it 's enough to make living together quite difficult despite the large amounts of separation that already exist . 
   it 's ugly and it 's childish , and i do n't like it . 
  i think after a few hundred years of being so fractured , we should grow the hell up and accept ourselves as being a nation . 
  of course you 'd like that because * you * would n't have to change . 
  it 'd be awesome if everyone just became like me , we 'd all get along and there would n't be any more strife !, 
  well sorry but i 'm not about to just wholesale adopt * your * national identity to make your life easier . 
  i 'm scottish , i 'm proud to be scottish . 
  i 'm not * bothered * by the fact i 'm british too but because it 's so incredibly dominated by english culture i choose to distance myself from it , tend to gravitate toward something i can identify with . 
  i * like * bagpipes we are n't all just bearing it because we hate you . 
  why do n't you just become scottish , we 'll go independent and you can get yourself a patriotic irn bru addiction ? 
  you want to stay british ? 
  how childish , i do n't like it . 
  it 's not just us btw , large parts of the north of england are disenfranchised too and i 'd love to take them with us but there simply is n't the unifying identity or the recent devolved history to do it . 
  we * could * just stay and suffer together , hoping to enact change or yeah . . we could bugger off and run our own country . 
   did irish free state take part of uk debt when they left ? 
  they did initially but it was waived in 1925 by the uk in exchange for keeping the northern ireland border where it was drawn in 1920 . 
   this is n't a regular vote . 
  after independence they wo n't be your government any more . 
  you wo n't be their citizens . 
  that 's what independence means . 
  no you 're right , that 's true . 
  they 'll be your government then , a government that openly , boastfully even , strongarms civilian dissenters and refuses to enter diplomatic negotiations with its closest neighbours just months after filling up the press with all the '' * we love you , do n't go * '' messages it could muster . 
  unless those messages where * leaked * to the paper of course , in which case they 'll send in the heavies to destroy it . 
  any bloody wonder we want out . 
   scotland and ruk are not currently two separate countries in a currency union , sharing equally in a resource . 
  -- you , about 30 minutes ago . 
   of course , all union stuff should be split . 
  but that includes the currency union . 
  it should be split . 
  i do n't understand how you can argue that things should be split and not expect the currency union to be split too . 
  -- you , just now so which is it ? 
  the issue is n't about any current currency union , it 's about inherited ownership of ( a percentage of ) the bank of england . 
  if scotland has moral ownership of a percentage of this nations national debt then it also has moral ownership in the same ratio of all this nations assets . 
  one of those assets is the bank of england and our ongoing ownership of it after independence puts us in a defacto currency union * unless we negotiate a different outcome * . 
  the snp openly stated that a currency union was their goal but that negotiations would have to take place . 
  ruk is perfectly entitled to reject any offer put forward but it is * not * ( or should not be ) entitled to simply assume our owned percentage . 
  which is * exactly * the point salmond is making , ruk should n't be picking and choosing , if we have no moral ownership of the boe then we have no moral ownership of the debt and you can pay it . 
  it 's not an * actual threat * to not take the debt it 's pointing out that it 's not solely up to ruk which pies we get slices of . 
  if it 's a union and we 're all in it together we get the same slice of all pies * then * we talk about how those slices get delivered or if we 'll pass on some to get more of others , we reach an agreement , that 's how democratic negotiations work . 
   as mentioned several times , this is not just osborne 's own personal intervention . 
  this is the treasury . 
  this is balls . 
  this is alexander . 
  this is everyone in england . 
  we 're not saying you do n't currently own the pound . 
  the uk owns the pound . 
  but if you do n't want want to be in the uk , it is hardly extreme to say that you wo n't be in a currency union with the uk . 
  after all the problems of the eurozone , to say anything else would be slightly irresponsible . 
  i 'm aware but since he did the talking and since i ca n't be arsed to type out a list of all the involved parties each and everytime i 'll stick to just using his name as shorthand . 
  yes the uk owns the pound but the uk is owned by the people and some of those people are scottish . 
  if you quit a job the wages you earned are still yours , they do n't revert to the company with a '' * well if you wanted them you should n't have quit * '' note attached . 
  everyone elses wages are n't yours and you are n't entitled to more but the company ca n't just decide to not give them to you because it would n't be good for the company or remaining employees . 
   you are voting , not me . 
  you make the choice . 
  we 're just telling you what that choice means . 
  are you not in the least bit disappointed that your own government is telling it 's own citizens that if they do n't vote * with * the government then said government will flatly reject attempts to come to an agreement on an issue ?
