it means that tolerate and educate is more productive than punishing . 
  if you disagree , you are disagreeing with most known science and history . 
  edit : and no , i 'm not suggesting that we should tolerate rapings , we totally should n't . 
  i 'm just suggesting we tolerate and educate the refugees instead of bundling them up and calling them all rapists . 
   i would say its a pretty good success story for austerity in latvia . 
  the point of comparing to russia is that russia is not a good example , and latvia is comparable to russia . 
  the author is arguing that latvia is a success because the bar was set so low for her . 
   im gon na need some sourcing for the ( ... ) bullshit latvia 's economy is converging to eu standard , it 's low wages attract industries from other countries , industries that previously were attracted by the low wages of portugal . 
  basically , by entering eu , latvia and other eastern countries are getting the factories and low income jobs that were previously the main force behind the south 's growth . 
  i 'm not bitter , nor angry , it 's normal , and i 'm glad you are growing . 
  but for fuck sake , do n't say austerity played a part , because it did n't . 
  if you look at the graphic comparing iceland and latvia you will notice that two countries with similar gdp 's had very similar performances despite very different policies ; the complete opposite of austerity actually . 
  what that is trying to prove is that you can not attribute latvia 's success to austerity without considering many other factors . 
  austerity ( arguably ) works when used in a counter-cyclical way , but when not , it does n't work . 
  and there are [ 100 years of data to prove that ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-02-13/one-hundred-years-of-austerity ) . 
  they also said portugal is a success story for austerity ... 
  it 's not . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/markadomanis/2013/01/03/latvia-is-a-success-story-if-by-success-story-you-mean-disaster/ `` the main really good news about latvia , rapid productivity growth , arguably had more to do with the catchup of a very poor country by european standards than with macro policy . '', 
  baltics are playing catchup . 
  piigs already played catchup in the 80 's . 
  that is the definition of deficit . 
  but no one is richer because they are spending more money than they have , nor it means that the country is better or spending money on it 's population if they have a deficit . 
  the country is living above it 's means , not the people . 
  it 's totally different . 
  but this is irrelevant , because the human argument `` people have been living above their means , so they are only balancing '' is totally flawed . 
  because people have n't been living above their means , it 's just their governments that have been overspending lavishly . 
  and the economic argument `` austerity to balance the bills '' is also completely flawed , because data has shown that ( as i said ) the positive benefits from austerity on the debt-to-gdp ratio are nullified by the negative impact on gdp caused by spending cuts and tax increases . 
  but hey , you do n't need to believe me , you have 100 years of history to tell you austerity is wrong : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-02-13/one-hundred-years-of-austerity, 
  well , sorry ... 
  i guess i was baffled by how could someone write something like that . 
  it 's ... stupid ( sorry again )  right now , countries with deficit are making people richer than are supposed to be . 
  the only thing you can prove by looking at the deficit is that the country is spending more than it gets ... 
  the people are richer than it should be is a completely baseless assumption . 
  edit : besides , it 's somewhat offensive to have a french guy telling me that the portuguese government has been making people richer by spending too much ... jesus fucking christ , it 's completely ridiculous ... 
  and besides the cuts in social spending , add the increase in taxes . 
  a lot of taxes were increased and that threw even more people into unemployment and welfare . 
  just the sudden vat increase of more than 10 % to restaurants , threw a fuckton of businesses to bankruptcies and thousands to unemployment . 
  more people to be supported by an already shrinkened social welfare system . 
  and point is , you ca n't deny welfare to those people , because a % of their salaries goes to the welfare fund . 
  so they cut from other people , usually those who need it the most and complain the less . 
  meanwhile , you see `` excesses '' everywhere ; not being cut . 
  because they support a lobby somehow . 
   no country in europe under [ the type of ] austerity [ we are talking about ] recovered . 
  counter-cyclical austerity which country ? 
  `` rational fiscal policy , as i have written many times before , should always be countercyclical , or at least cyclically neutral . '', 
  `` but did n't austerity `` work '' in the baltics ? 
  well , yes , it worked -- in the same sense that throwing up your dinner is better than dying of food poisoning . '', 
  `` the reason we can not point to the baltics as a success story for austerity is that there is no such thing . 
  by its nature , the very need for austerity is a sign that there has already been a policy failure . '', 
  http://www.economonitor.com/dolanecon/2013/10/18/why-the-baltic-recovery-is-not-a-success-story-for-austerity-lessons-for-the-us/ `` poland has performed better largely because , rather than implementing the european elite 's preferred policy of austerity , it has actually had extremely accommodating fiscal and monetary policies . '', 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/markadomanis/2013/03/23/how-austerity-is-failing-in-eastern-europe-in-one-chart/ `` finally , almost half of ireland 's dramatic increase in gdp is from multinational activity , which does not take place in ireland . 
  thus , much of ireland 's growth is based on facilitating some of the most profitable global corporations and financial services in reducing the tax they otherwise would have to pay to countries across the world . 
  this is an unethical , unfair , and ultimately unsustainable form of economic activity . '', 
  http://www.irishexaminer.com/viewpoints/analysis/irelands-austerity-success-is-no-model-for-greece-340662.html but if all this is not enough : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-02-13/one-hundred-years-of-austerity, 
   right now , countries with deficit are making people richer than are supposed to be . 
  roflmao wtf lol bbq . 
  [ incredibly creative offensives i ended up removing ] . 
  portugal is n't a rich country since the 16th century . 
  portuguese engineers get 1/5th of the salary a german engineer gets and pays the same for food and electronics . 
  1/5th of the portuguese workforce gets less than 500 $ , the rest does n't get much more , but one bedroom in lisbon costs 250 $ plus expenses . 
  25 % of the spanish workforce is unemployed . 
  you . 
  must . 
  joking . 
   austerity only tries to come back to a normal level . 
  portugal went back 20 years . 
  we are in 95 economic levels . 
  are we good now ? 
  a crisis hits every 7 years . 
  next crisis should be hitting in 6 to 24 months ( business cycles , google it up ) . 
  so when the next crisis hits , same logic applies ( we are living above possibilities ) and more austerity comes up and we regress 20 more years . 
  and then in 2023 it will be 60 years and we will be living in pre-revolution era economic levels . 
  fucking brilliant right ? 
  managing the economy is not managing your house . 
  if you are actively making people poorer , you are also sending your economy back in time and it will take time to recover again . 
  you are not fixing anything , you are just destroying ; because every new austerity measure , everytime you `` make people poorer '' , you punish the economy and you reduce the gdp , making the people richer than they should be again . 
  because * most of the financial benefits of increasing taxes and cutting wages are directly reflected through decreases in gdp . 
  less gdp means less income and more deficit again . 
  so it 's a cyclic policy . 
  it does n't solve anything . 
  in fact it makes worse . 
  but just look at the fucking numbers . 
  no country in europe under austerity recovered . 
  when your answer is always austerity , you will end up not being able to stop using austerity until there is no more taxes do increase or wages to cut . 
  do you get the problem now ? 
  a solution that advocates for making people poorer , will obviously reduce the countries income and increase it 's debt , and it 's not a fucking solution . 
  lol , that 's totally not what i said, 
  it was an hyperbole . 
  from wikipedia  '' another historical example of austerity was in the united states , which nearly balanced its budget from 1998 to 2001 during an economic boom ( as keynes advocated , rather than during a bust ) . '', 
  i underline : '' ( as keynes advocated , rather than during a bust ) '' . 
  exactly the opposite of what the fuck we did in europe . 
  exactly the freaking fucking opposite . 
  austerity works sometimes , yes . 
  but not when applied on a weak economy . 
  i 'm not talking about the finnish economy . 
  this conversation started with `` is n't that exactly what the pigs countries were doing before they went bankrupt ? '' . 
  i do n't know what will work with finland , but i know what does n't work anywhere : austerity . 
  no , im talking about friedman and keynes also . 
  did n't knew about that one . 
  i guess they needed someone to confirm their biases .
