  there is a strong lobby for refugees and illegal immigrants that will argue it is either still too dangerous in syria to send them back or the living conditions there are not perfect or they are allready acclimatized too much in germany to be send back or there children have already learned german or . . whatever . 
  that 's a non-issue and more of a leadership and management problem than a emigration problem . 
  if you set schedulles , budgets and legislation now to support the refugees and follow it , no one will have a reason to complain . 
  if you just accept 1 million people and `` think about it later '' , like germany is doing , then yes , you are fucked my friends ... 
  processing centers outside europe would be ... problematic ... but even with the centers outside europe , it would still be better than the current policy , which can be described as `` if we find you on a boat drifting in the mediterranean , you get asylum '' . 
  my point is just one : the current policy is bullshit but it 's not because of the people who are pushing for the acceptance of refugees , because * we * also disagree with current policies, 
   which is what a lot of european suggested before being shouted down because not blindly accepting mass immigration makes you a bad guy right now . 
  you are talking about three completely different issues : issue 1 : accepting refugees issue 2 : accepting immigrants issue 3 : for how long people who are spreading islamophobia and pushing for the non-acceptance of refugees are the ones being `` shouted down '' , and also , most people who are `` shouting down '' disagree with how europe is handling this mess and would totally agree with what the dalai lama said . 
  as an example , i 'm one of those who wants to accept * all * refugees . 
  refugees . 
  not nigerians , not pakis , not * immigrants * . 
  refugees . 
  go get the refugees on our boats to stop the trafficking and return the illegals on the next plane to their home countries . 
  educate the refugees on our norms and if they fuck up , they go back to syria . 
  then solve the war on syria and send them all back home . 
  i do have a heart , but having a heart and a brain are not mutually exclusive things , you know ? 
  we can be humane and rational ... 
  thanks , i guess i should have done that . 
  it does . 
  brave , decisive and right ... 4 years too late ... are you fucking serious ? 
  are we now putting merkel on a pedestral because she did what needed to be done only after seeing a dead child on a beach ? 
  fuck you . 
  edit : she did n't even do what needs to be done ... quotas and accepting more refugees is not what needs to be done . 
  people are still dying on the sea and there is still a war in syria . 
   but food production is by far not a key industry that is one of the most retarded things i have read during my entire life time . 
  you must be eating computer parts then ? 
  and btw , mao tse tung made some decisions based on that assumption , 60 million people died . 
   see that 's the problem . 
  you ca n't get past the fact that it 's illegal ergo never do it . 
  you have no idea of who you 're talking to . 
  if you had , you 'd never say that . 
   i 'm just trying to tell you that nobody cares because it does n't fucking matter , and that there are no actual new victims being created . 
  those victims already exist , and not by your doing . 
  * you are paying someone for stealing a bike , actively encouraging that person to steal more bikes . 
  * someone else got his bike stolen , which means that person will have to buy a new bike . 
  that person does care . 
  you are enabling , encouraging and helping someone who committed a crime with a victim . 
  if you ca n't understand this , you will eventually get arrested , because that 's how things work : if you knowingly help a criminal , you are as bad as the criminal . 
   but do n't go pretending it 's about anything else than being able to pat yourself on the back for being all moral and ethical . 
  again , you totally do n't know me . 
  but rest assured that it 's not about me , it 's about you partaking on a douche behavior and saying it 's ok because `` nobody cares '' ( it 's a lie , many people do care , including the dutch government that recognizes this is such a problem that they passed laws to prevent the sale of stolen bikes ) . 
  i would n't be discussing with you if you had bought a stolen bike and acknowledged it was the wrong thing to do . 
   i do n't appreciate being called indecent by some anonymous guy . 
  you can not expect to tell people that it 's ok to buy stolen bikes `` because everyone does it '' and expect people to agree . 
  and you should expect to be called indecent when you commit a crime * with * * victims * yes , it 's a crime with victims and the reason why it 's illegal to knowingly buy stolen goods : you are helping the thief by doing so . 
   if the answer is no , you need to consider why exactly you refuse to buy a stolen bike because it 's a stolen bike and if i buy it i 'm giving money to someone who does n't deserve the money . 
  that 's enough reason for me not to buy it . 
  and it should be for you too . 
  also , because if everyone just bough stolen bikes , you would have circular non-productive market in which bicycles are stolen and then resold to people who got their bikes stolen in the first place . 
  maybe that 's why so many bikes are stolen in the netherlands : people like you think it 's ok to buy a stolen bike !, 
  damn man , according to this sub , it should be the northern guy teaching the corrupt portuguese how to have integrity and be a decent responsible citizen ... 
  you 're supposed to be efficient , not a smartass . 
  working 1 month per semester is being a smartass and wasting the greatest opportunity of your life . 
  but that does n't matter , you are `` too smart '' to realize how much you are fucking up . 
  but hear this : one day you will look back and realize the opportunity is gone , and you will regret missing it . 
  i 'm telling you this because i was also a smartass and never had to study more than a week to get anything done . 
  now my `` smartness '' came back to bite me in the ass . 
  work hard and seize your opportunities . 
  they wo n't come back . 
   therein being the rub . 
  why ? 
  because , technically , that 's her job . 
  as i said . 
  the problems of your neighbors will eventually become your problems . 
  southern europe will be a big pain in the ass for germany in the near future . 
  she is not a representative of the europeans , but every time she pushes a policy that fucks europe , she creates political and economic instability that ** will ** eventually have consequences to the german people . 
   in light of the previous , the answer there is pretty obvious : split . 
  i think i prefer being a 2nd class european citizen in a peaceful and politically stable europe than a 1st class portuguese in a europe that starts a war every 10 years as it was before the eu . 
  while splitting is an option , it 's not a good one . 
  germany 's exports would suffer greatly , southern economies would collapse . 
  a split is unthinkable , but a still a very probable consequence of the policies our leaders are pushing . 
  is `` let 's work together instead of pointing fingers '' too much to ask ? 
   literally a protocol of their lecture , including student questions/discussion . 
  this gives me loads of free time . 
  that is unfortunately not that common . 
  usually professors have a lot of info ; enough for you to pass , but not a substitute to lessons . 
  anyway , the problem is , you are not being tutored . 
  if we are paying thousands of euros to professors , paying for ridiculously expensive infrastructure and materials and employing a shit ton of auxiliary personnel , but people learn everything by reading the provided material on the internet . 
  then this is a ridiculous waste of money and resources . 
  you are supposed to go to classes and learn there , it 's just the times that changed and how and what you learn in class should have changed with the times . 
  but did n't . 
  look , you are doing well . 
  i also did well by working 1 month on each semester . 
  but that is not pedagogic , it 's not good for you , it 's expensive and a waste of money and you will regret it later . 
   i have so much free time its ridiculous that 's the point . 
  you 're not supposed to . 
  and you will learn why when you finish uni and start working . 
   you did however self-screw by entertaining the fantasy that a countries with completely different monetary policies could co-exist in the same currency union without somebody getting shafted hard everyone screwed up there . 
  everyone . 
  that 's my point . 
  and now we have two options , either we find a solution together or we split . 
  because finding someone to put the blame on and hoping the problems disappear , does n't work and is worse than doing nothing . 
  if the migrant crisis has proved anything , it was that the problems outside our borders are our problems too and will come back to bite us in the ass really hard . 
  but no ... fucking populist politicians and media in the north keep pushing the `` it 's all their fault , they need to be punished , they need to leave '' rhetoric . 
  that after fucking us over . 
  not that our own politicians are better , because they are n't ... actually they are worse , because they ca n't even be good to their own countries . 
  at least merkel is fucking europe in favor of germany . 
  by the way , do you remember that time that the eu killed the production of beetroot sugar in europe , forcing the closure of dozens of factories in italy , spain and portugal , and turning european sugar into an imported good from brasil ? 
  i do . 
  i also remember that time when the eu subsidized the destruction of fruit trees and plantations because of some fucking quotas in portugal .
