  dude , austerity is not working ... 
  put simply , go to spain or portugal or italy , look at the people , look at the charts and realize : it 's not working . 
   so , we all agree that to have an efficient economy , governments need to get rid off economicaly inefficient spending . 
  that 's all austerity is about . 
  giving superfluous money ( even if labelled as `` social '' ) to people is not more economicaly efficient than building useless highways . 
  you have no fucking idea of what you are talking about . 
  none . 
  zero . 
  austerity is as much about cutting on wages and pensions ( that when people struggle to buy basic shit , it 's not superfluous money at all ) , as it is about raising fucking taxes . 
  is not about cutting inefficient spending , it 's about balancing the books ( raising taxes/cutting spending ) . 
  the problem is that while at your home cutting spending and increasing income may seem like a good strategy to balance the books , it is n't on a macro-economics level ; because you are making people poorer , and by making people poorer you are a ) fucking your future and b ) destroying every economic benefit austerity * might * have given you . 
  attack inefficiency and mismanagement besides the standard `` alternatives to austerity '' measures you can find by using fucking google for 2 minutes . 
  do n't make people poorer . 
  you need people to buy shit and make the economy move , if people are poorer , the economy will only sink more . 
   aka , `` every economist i agree with '' . 
  so every economist that is against austerity , says austerity is bullshit . 
  link me a document by a nobel laureate on economy advocating for austerity and i 'll shut up . 
  you confused austerity with `` solution not condemned by every economist with a nobel prize ever '' . 
  it does n't work . 
   is n't that exactly what the pigs countries were doing before they went bankrupt ? 
  what the pigs were doing with the money they loaned was ( eg ) building highways no one uses , fitting every computer in the schools with two operating systems , etc. 
  there are big inefficiency and management problems in the portuguese public sector . 
  spending money ! = stimulus . 
  and the portuguese government under socrates ( last one to employ stimulus , the guy is currently being investigated for corruption ) was a corrupt mess ; there was a guy that made the math for the public-private partnerships the ex-pm made and concluded the government would start to leak money as soon as the guy left the office ... 
  but you could also use google and figure out how every reputable economist in the world is saying austerity is bullshit and what are they proposing . 
  god job raf . 
  99,700 to go . 
  at this rate we should be finished by ... fuck it, 
  then , is it not better to fight for a better eu than to be a separatist ? 
  i mean , portugal has no chance to be competitive by itself , but it does inside eu . 
  so i guess it 's more productive to work towards a better eu than to leave the eu . 
  besides , there are lot of good things about * this * eu . 
  there are even a lot of good things about the euro . 
  it 's better to fix what 's wrong than to destroy everything i guess . 
  if the euro fails , there will be a lot of resistance to a new shared currency , and if the eu fails ... god , i do n't even want to imagine what will happen if the eu fails . 
  the eu * ca n't * fail , our future depends on it . 
  edit : we are n't going to have `` better exports '' if we are outside the eu . 
  i bet both my balls on that one . 
  nothing beats the schengen space + euro combo . 
   `` all religions have problematic aspects , but damn , islam ? 
  they 're the worst . '', 
  - islamophobia 101 there is one religion more problematic than all others currently on planet earth : islam . 
  fact . 
  now , we can acknowledge that , realize why and try to solve the problem , or we can call it islamophobia and bomb muslims everytime they become a problem . 
  honestly , i do believe there would be not much terrorism or no terrorism at all if the west had n't completely fucked up the middle east . 
  but whatever the reason , the fact remains : islam is currently the most problematic religion and it 's a problem that must be discussed . 
  calling it islamophobia does n't help it . 
  in fact , it makes it worse . 
  you seem to be a bit ... confused ? 
  greece got rekt last time i checked . 
  and why do you hate eu so much ? 
  is portugal going to be better by itself without the eu ? 
  is the escudo going to be a stronger currency than the euro ? 
  are we going to have better exports ? 
  less corrupt politicians ? 
  like greece ? 
   what i was saying is the fact they even make it to european union is not motivated by their fear of life alone . 
  if that was so , they would have stayed in tukrey or jordan , as they mostly passed through those countries , which by the way do have `` problem '' with refugees , and we should focus on helping them . 
  vast majority of those who make it into eu deliberately ignored the need to register as refugee , crossed multiple borders illegally and the `` escaping from persecution '' is not their motivation any longer . 
  ca n't blame them for wanting that . 
  they are in sub-human conditions in the african camps and they `` know '' that germany accepts everyone and gives good living conditions for everyone . 
  so they go . 
  worse , they were showered with gifts as soon as they arrived germany , it only created a bigger illusion for them . 
  because as soon as this is either solved or forgotten , the media will stop speaking about it , the presents will stop and the very hard integration will begin . 
  germany is these peoples dream ; they walked thousands of miles on foot and crossed the sea on rubber boats to get there . 
  and we are here discussing on how to kill that dream ... 
  it 's pretty sad actually , but must be done : /  we should not accept them , and we should not give them any chance of legalizing their status . 
  we should extend bare minimum of what we see as necessary for survival . 
  legalizing their status would mean we do n't respect our own laws , and accept people who show no good faith in their behavior , as well as complete disregard for both our own legal system as well as public order . 
  i guess that all falls under the category of `` if they fuck up , they can go back to where they came from '' . 
  but what should we do to the syrians that fucked up ? 
  send them back to refugee camps outside eu borders , give them a warning ? 
  the details are a mess , but luckily we have a dedicated office in the eu dealing with this crisis ... not, 
  no it 's not . 
  this is stupid and just another frustrating example of eu politicians being out of touch with reality . 
  you build walls , you create roadblocks , you burn the boats ; but they still know that if they set a foot in europe , they are game , so they risk it anyway . 
  the only thing you get by going after smugglers is a price increase in the fees they charge and even more life threatening trips to the migrants . 
  do n't underestimate human resourcefulness . 
  there is only one way to stop smuggling : make it not worth it . 
  if you are a refugee you are picked up by a eu boat on africa , if you are a migrant you will be returned to your home country on sight . 
  but what we are currently doing , the policies we currently have enacted , is basically * murder * . 
  and going after the smugglers is only going to get more people killed . 
  they just had to look at mexico ... fuck , they did n't needed to open the sociology books or ask an anthropologist or look up for examples in history . 
  they just had to look at mexico ... 
  no , i 'm not assuming that . 
  and that changes nothing : if you want to apply for asylum and you are indeed a refugee , welcome . 
  if your country is safe again and your `` asylum visa '' is ending and you want to stay for economic reasons , then you should have applied for a working visa on the mean time . 
  if you did n't or you could n't , too bad , your country is safe again and the airport is over there . 
  * european politics, 
  i do n't have all the information i would like to have to answer that question , but from what i know about eritrea , it 's a shithole commonly compared to north korea , with a very repressive regime and extreme poverty . 
  by the definition , they are and if by definition they are , then they should be able to get asylum in europe or elsewhere . 
  also you would be killing them by sending them back ... 
  but you can send the nigerians and ghanians back without any issues , and that 's what i 'm advocating . 
   for the same reason the opening of asylum centers in middle east wo n't work - not in a way that reduces the number of immigrants in germany . 
  asylum seekers from there would always come on top the current immigrants/refugees , not instead . 
  i did n't proposed asylum centers in the middle east . 
  you assumed that . 
  i said , go there and get them and process them here . 
  this is not to stop refugees from coming , this is the only way to stop human smugglers . 
   speaking for germany distinguishing between refugees and immigrants is a theoretical construct , because that sending back of refugees will never happen .
