  but that is because they use a system from the roman empire time , its old and inefficient , but they wont update it because it serves the politicians and big companies well , atleast we can learn from their mistake , 
   capital city is a hard one but i would just stick to brussels or strasbourg out of practical reasons or we could do just like switzerland , no capital , just a bunch of important cities with the main state buildings , so there isnt a city that `` holds the absolute power '' . 
  for me it just looks like an extreme case of osteoporosis, 
  well atleast portugal still has a kingdom in that game so it ok for me . . 
  oh ok , so its ok to be corrupt if i care about my family ... does that apply to murder ? 
  its ok to murder if i care about my family ? 
  and btw most of these people end up wasting everyone 's time on hospitals and state services complain that it takes too long to be attended and `` i pay my taxes for this ? '', 
  thats because the population in general is corrupt , its expected that 20 % of the economy is in the black market . 
  you cant get clean people from a dirty pile ... 
  but oh well , its just the southern europe mentality , escape taxes because fuck other people !, 
  no , it just doesnt sound right ... how about the 4th reich ? 
  sounds cool, 
  meh , i always though that only the euro countries would unite and the rest of eu countries would stay out of it ( it doesnt make sense a country with different currencies ), 
  we need a referendum in europe to choose the name :p , how about european federation , ef ? 
  fn jackpot, 
  i think we are actually have some luck because we have a good occupation for their nomadic culture , almost every town has a small market every week , for example my town has it every thursday , its not a job where they need a very high education level and they actually need to be nice to people if they want to sell anything , those markets sell either low budget stuff or things produced by the people like small farmers . 
  since i see alot of people from romania complaining about gypsies ( just scroll down to see what i mean ) , i want to ask what is your country doing to try integrate the gypsies communities . 
  in portugal we have a plan , that is set up to 2020 , about the integration that involves everything from education , health to housing and jobs ( just as an example we expect 2 % of the gypsies children to have a college degree in 2020 ) . 
  its kinda working , from what i can say about it , it is basically giving the parents a subsidy and house ( if we can of course ... ) and make them take their children to school or else they loose every privilege, 
  glad its blocked then ... 
  our superior european race should be the only one living the in the old continent no more inferior terrorists muslims or criminal gypsies !, 
  lets cleanse this continent and only let the perfect europeans race live here !!!, 
  wait , where did i eared this before ? 
  what am i doing ? 
  ( oh okay i know most of you spotted me because we all know that those idiots dont have the capacity to learn from previous mistakes ) btw what is stormfront , i tried to access it at school but its flagged as a racist website : s, 
  you have more wind farms that portugal and only produce 50mw more ... inefficient :p, 
  posted during the game ... 
  we are loosing 3-0 and pepe - . - ', 
  you reminded me of a quote from the dictator which is `` the people of wadiya love to be oppressed '' . 
  and most of the times people dont know what happens when those parties get elected, 
  you remide me the phrase `` it works until it doesnt '' . 
  the uk isnt a good example for that either because before ww2 the so called english hitler was starting to gain power and the way to britain solve the problem was to arrest him and make the party outlaw . 
  this counts as studying and not procrastinating right ? 
  i think ronaldo already gave sweden 4 reasons why portugal should be in the wc instead of you :p, 
  dont know why but i actually want to upvote this, 
  that is raul meireles hairdresser not ronaldo 's - . - ', 
  i have a german test tomorrow so i shouldnt be asking this but ... translation pls ? 
  let me guess , you either are a non-manchester fan that is mad because ronaldo made you suffer , or you are a ronaldo fan that is mad because ronaldo left you, 
  thats what i meant , you see a news report about some immigrants , and you all go full retard that all immigrants should be purged !, 
  may i ask you , when you see a news about a fellow country person doing something like multiple murder or robbery , do you also judge everyone including yourself as being a murder/rober ? 
  basically like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_js5wco31y, 
  as a off-topic : in the portuguese constitution we have under the freedom of association the following paragraph  n\u00e3o s\u00e3o consentidas associa\u00e7\u00f5es armadas nem de tipo militar , militarizadas ou paramilitares , nem organiza\u00e7\u00f5es racistas ou que perfilhem a ideologia fascista . 
  this basically means that there is prohibited any kind of armed/military organizations nor racist or a organization that follows the facist ideology is there any kind of restriction to facist/far-right parties in germany or other eu country like this one ? 
  because that could help alot . 
  btw i know that some retard is going to read this and basically say `` oh , but that is against equality and freedom of association itself '' , but how is letting people to create a party that the `` main selling point '' is inequality and restricting the right of association be in favor of equality and the right of association ? 
  it is , you know why ? 
  because people spend so much time hearing lies about immigrants ruining the economy and the country , and this serves to prove them wrong , that immigrants are as useful as normal people, 
  in some , but most of the times is close to english ( btw spain is espanha ! , which is closer to the spanish name that is espa\u00f1a ), 
  oh , the nostalgia of cold war proxy wars, 
  as a portuguese i mix up slovenia , slovakia , estonia and latvia , because the names in portuguese are , eslovaquia , eslovenia , estonia and letonia, 
   law enforcers are serious about their version of sabotage in recent space rocket crash , someone from those space engineers is about to go to jail ; like in the glorious soviet times , if you fuck up , you end up in a gulag, 
  no , you are getting it wrong !, 
  we must fight the castilian enslayers together !!, 
  you get the independence , and we unite the luso-galician people again !, 
  we have the same and includes restaurants , but still is disturbing for me that people are complaining about the world have more population than its able to supply for , and then stats for restaurants say that they waste alot of their food on cooking and even more with the food that people dont eat, 
  does this include the massive waste of `` ugly '' , but perfectly eatable food ? 
  because food waste is also a big problem . 
  slaves , milions of slaves ... 
  yep , last years people are preferring to go to angola since there are alot of portuguese companies there and you get the same pay without having to learn a new `` barbarian '' language, 
  oh jesus , if portugal wins your city will feel the pain . 
  and if portugal wins the wc get ready for a month of national holidays on your hairdresser !, 
  then get ready to party on monday ? 
  how small is portugal to your standards ? 
  good thing that they wont need it next monday ... 
  btw the protests in spain are portugal just doing a russia on them ( spain being ukrain ) , we want spain to spilt so we can reunite the galician culture !, 
  ( totaly legit ! ), 
  the biggest problem was because some companies that 0 or close to 0 work on portugal due to the crisis , were living from the work on angola , and angola threatened to shut everything up include the immigrants and that would be a killing blow to portugal, 
  i saw it on national tv , but i cant find it know , it was around the same time that the new deals where signed ( either that or they are just playing the delay game until the charges drop ), 
  kinda misleading this article . 
  what happen was that a member of the angolan government was being charged with corruption in portugal , but angola pressured portugal to drop the charges or else all portuguese companies in angola would suffer and andolan investement would stop . 
  portugal dropped the charges agaisnt him and signed new agreements with angola , which pissed off some people internally . 
  bad programmers * . 
  a lot of engineering is coming to programming to stop it from being such a mess and decrease the fail ratio . 
  if you check the list of the biggest brasilian cities you will be amazed , its like most of the biggest european cities in only 1 coutry, 
  i though you were only referring to the republic not both of them . 
  and belo horizonte wasnt the one i was referring i was referring to rio , sao paulo and the always forgotten capital city of brasilia, 
  it also doesnt scales infinitely , if someone is ambitious enough to trow what he earns today for corruption , he is probably ambitious to trow a salary 4x superior, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imbx-kmmt4m portuguese cop was suspended after doing strip tease with his uniform and gun , try to have more fun than this !, 
  of course , what do you think ? 
  i dont want to get deported to morroco - . - ' ( but srly how can a country with 10mpop be the biggest cod consumer in the world ? ), 
  what portugal knows about servia : they export football players to benfica, 
  if they need it , a bit of fear campaign and racist stereotypes and its enough to convince the brits to get out, 
  portuguese women had mustaches before it was cool , damm hipters, 
  i dont like sardines . . nor women with mustaches :(, 
  the people that leaved there before the british occupation surely dindt want the brits to come , and nobody cared about them ... 
  yeah pretty much, 
  wow , so much `` inteligence '' in such few lines , sorry but i cant take so much knowledge in such a short span of time . 
   i know , you 're a portupoor , which makes it even sadder since you lot and us lot have a rather old alliance and have tended to be bro 's diplomatically . 
  ignorante insults to start with can prove the kind of person you are !, 
  and btw like the treaty of gilbratar ( and basically every treaty that the uk signs ) , the portuguese-british alliance have been broken countless time by the uk ... 
  on the same page check the religion , almost 80 % are roman catholic , you dont need to have a spanish surnames to be a spanish decendents . 
  unless you think a small rock can grow a few brits into 30k and they also change religion . 
  d. stands for dom which basically means `` owner '' , it started to be used by the portuguese kings and nobles as a title , and that basically it , its just a title, 
  most of the 30k pop are spanish or spanish decedents . 
  you broke the treaty multiple times , and just from the top of my head i can tell you 2 times that you broke it , first the treaty says that jews and muslims werent allowed in gilbratar , that was broke only a few years after the british occupation , and there is also a line that says that when the uk wishes to give gilbratar away or removing it from the uk territory , they should offer it first to spain . 
  and its kinda hypocritical when you dont care about the spanish citizens , but your main reason to not give it back is because of the british citizens . 
  btw i am not spanish , look at the flag :p . oh and btw , you last line was full retard , dont ever do that again , its really bad , pls . 
  i am not defending the monarch system nor the spanish monarch , i only wrote that because in the portuguese national tv most of the protesters shown see kicking the king a formula to all problems , they look at their most prosperous period which was the 2nd republic and think it will be the same while the thruth is that not much is going to change , the only advantage is that you are kicking the corrupt part of the family too , but having a king also gives the country a boost , look at the uk and the amount of tourist they get just from a fat lady on a dress, 
  they actually have no legal right to it , britain broke the treaty with spain in almost every possible way , oh and btw you didnt care about the inhabitants when you occupied it did you ? 
  britain has no interest in gilbraltar , as i said in my last comment , and gilbratar is actually noxius for its neighbors .
