  how about you give gilbratar back to stop being douchy and to do something positive ? 
  you can complain about the excuses that spain gets to ask gilbratar back , but britain excuses to keep it arent any good either, 
  d.jo\u00e3o i de portugal which was a bastard son of the king , got us ride of a spanish union and fathered 6 kids known as the '' \u00cdnclita gera\u00e7\u00e3o '' ( pls dont ask me to translate that ) , 5 of them being sons that conquered ceuta and tangiers in north africa , and one of them , infante d.henrique , was the one that started the world exploration , so all thank this guy because its thank to him and his sons that we know the shape of the world , 
  last time i checked most of illegal tobacco was coming from gilbratar , but if this border control is avoiding it , which i dont know , then they arent such a bad thing and spain actually has a reason to do it and this documentary losses its point because its nothing more than people complaning about the good job the spanish are doing ? 
  ( i got lost in there ) . 
  it has anything to do with spain , but it has to do with europe that second part , which is still bad ... my point is that i dont know what is the interest of britain for not giving gilbratar back to spain unless being anoying . 
  as a portuguese i want to tell you something before you get ride of your king ( because we already did so we kinda have experience about it ) , nothing or almost nothing is going to change on your current government form besides the flag and election every 5 years dont expect some form of super democracy , you are changing a king for a president which you could almost call it a `` elect king '' , and having a king give you spain more prestige and confidence towards other nations , because it isnt a guy that was elected with possible shady tricks or campain promisses and its going to change in 5 years , which btw doesnt have many functions , saying this if you feel the need like we portuguese did because our king was a total incompetent that denied democracy ( not happening in your case ) and spent money on himself while the empire went to shit, 
  from what i 've heard from people that worked and/or lived in gilbratar its that gilbratar is only interesting for traffic , mostly tobacco , and for companies to escape taxes , so gilbaltar is actually the cancer in southern spain . 
  i live in portugal and even hear 90 % of illegal tobacco is from gilbartar so yeah , and for what ? 
  so britain can keep being a imperialist c ** k - . - ' . 
  and btw this is a very bristish bias documentary, 
  3 actually, 
  you didnt understand , london size cities - . - ', 
  how many londons are in england ? 
  in brasil there are many cities with enourmous amounts of population, 
  drugs no , sex yeah maybe, 
  we dont have jobs for the locals what about immigrants :p, 
  then no , we like the current deal better , you pay them and we give them free tax for 10years if the live here for atleast 2/3 of the year so they can spend the money you give them :p, 
  bring them !, 
  if they get paid by your government and spend it here , than its ok , 
  we have the agreements of the cplp and some agreements that basically makes easy to travel between countries , brasilian citizens get treated like portuguese citizens when working over here and vice versa , and there are lot of european and mercosul related so each country can poke their nose in each other unions . 
  but we dont have any military nor `` spy '' treaty , if that what you mean . 
  supreme lider * pls , have some respect - . - ', 
  russia cant get to us , we still have the rest of europe to sacrifice for us . . and if it goes wrong we can use our master plan which never failed us since the napoleonic wars due to our higly trained solders ... 
  pick the bags and get the f ** k out to brasil , and leave the brits to deal with the problems , never fails , 
  i see alot of people that are less proficient in english using them , like world of warcraft , so its a case that they dont learn nor they want to learn :(, 
  i was refering to the large majority of the people :p, 
  eu elections ? 
  does that mean that ronaldo is recovering ? 
  than its not on portuguese tv sorry, 
  then they are a rare case , my parents were born in the 60 's and they only got the the 4th grade never even touching english , on the other hand i faced the new system meaning that i had english since the 3rd grade . 
  the brasil thing is that they have 200milion pop so they actually have a market for dub and that also drags in portugal . 
  you dont see it much in the tv , but if you check online , videogames and movies all have a portguese option . 
  destined to happen ... 
  27 % of the people that basically the younger generation , if you find someone with 25 + years they probably dont speak english because our school system was shit , and if you talk to people with 50years + they probably have a hard time reading even portguese because during the dictatorship the average school drop age was 4th grade, 
  portugal has the brasil thing , if we dont dub they do , and the lazier people always prefer to use the dub version . 
  and also we only started to teach english a few years ago , you dont find anyone from your parents or grandparents that know english , some of them cant even write and read because the mandatory school was only the 4th grade during the ditactorship, 
  forced labor in factories , scorched earth tactics , abuse of the tartars and other non russian people , and the red army fighting tactics like man waves which was basically sending man to there death by the thousands until someone got the objective done , and the usual tactic that was used mostly on stalingrad that was deploying massive amount of troops in front of german fire to keep them busy , those who run back were shot by the officers , you could blame those death on the germans for shooting them , but i like to blame the soviet officers because they knew that their soldiers would be slaughtered . 
  from the 27million russians deaths , the majority were caused by the soviet union itself . 
  you cant call the ussr heroes if they did the same that the nazis did , there were even places were the nazis were received has heroes like ukraine, 
  and you forgot the part where we only now found out what are all the elderly french and dutch doing here :p, 
  isnt karelia and prussia a bit bigger ? 
  and btw this doesnt have the madeira separatists , they basically want independence until they need more money, 
  why does the french part of the basque country is so uninterested ? 
  did they just all migrated to spain or what ? 
  isnt aragon the `` catalan '' kingdom basically ? 
  poor spain , nobody likes to stay with them :( btw just a question , if both the basque and catalonia leaves spain , do they become castille again ? 
  does this include the french part ? 
  thats crimea :p, 
  and the trade from india without privaters , nor lost our colonies in asias to the dutch because the brits helped them etc. . . 
  why ? 
  if it wasnt for britain portugal wouldnt get invaded by france atleast 5 times, 
  the problem was that no matter how hard britaind fu ** ed portugal , when britain wanted to be friends portugal would just forget and it would happen all over again . 
  yes portugal and britain are the oldest alliance still standing , nearly 800years . 
  but britain wanst cooperative the whole time . . like when they sunk portuguese trade ships to steal the trade coming from india or helped the dutch agasint us etc. . 
  what side do you mean ? 
  if you mean the maddie case the people are kinda pissed off against the government because they gave the best inspectors and a lot of resources to help to find this girl ( just because it was british ) , and when the inspector wanted to imprison the mccans because he had proves against them a simple call from england made him lost his job and the mccans run away, 
  meh , quite shacky , things looks like they are getting better , but only time will see . 
  oh and btw the f ** ing mccans put the portuguese police digging holes looking for maddie ... again - . - ' damm brits making portuguese a foul of themselves since ~ 1300, 
  accurate representation then ? 
  actually imigrants are used a slave work in coutries like greece, 
  dont they need to be a citizen to have welfare , and dont they need a job before being a citizen ( just asking i am not sure about this ) . 
  about the crimes , they should be treated like any other person , if it is proven = jail time , of course diference in cultures may make them think that some things arent crimes , but they are living in a new country so they should follow the new rules . 
  ok , if you dont want to see the obvious its ok ... edit : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3636036/ < - recomended for you, 
  not quite `` free money '' , they work ( unless you are referring to the aid for the poor , but i dont think they can get it that easily ) , and the thing is , most of them work in jobs that french people would do , they work more and get paid less and i am not seeing a french person being abused on his own country . 
  you have to agree that they have a loot in common with the nazi party , i mean just check the beginning of the nazi party and you will be amazed on how similar they look, 
  i actually didnt though about the population of turkey hmm, 
  was that video to prove muslim is bad or cristians ? 
  they were both cocks and only prove that were are not that different, 
  dont know what the problem of them not being in europe , they border so why not . 
  and whats the problem with being muslim ? 
  if they got more tolerant i dont see the problem . 
  and the article didnt had anything to do with either of that . 
  saying that i also agree that turkey should join eu ... for now , 
  could you please just give a strait answer ? 
  why does that bother you so much ? 
  if the brits re-enact a big british battle or ceremony from their old empire that killed thousands its ok , if the turks do then its not ok ? 
  why ? 
  i didnt meant that , i just meant in a ignorant kinda of way like , if they are dumb enough to vote for far-right parties they are dumb enough to believe that mexicans live in turkey :p, 
  he is probably some idiot that voted for some far-right party and now is worried because the party said to him that if turkey joins europe they will get flooded with mexicans . 
  because reasons !!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  i said the early nazi , when they were on elections - . - ' , that part is to come , if they get to the power , because i bet that the fn fascist state wont have a problem to make a big kill count with immigrants and `` enemies of the state '' , you can even see it , they want to reintroduce death penalty . 
  the part is that they want only the french culture people to stay and kick the immigrants out . 
  if you let the immigrants integrate instead of discriminating them , maybe you find out that you get better results . 
  and btw that is what a normal fascist/dictatorship state does , increase the police and their powers , to increase the power over the people , the increase of cell blocks i bet that they are to the `` enemies of the state '' . 
  i found a fn fan ? 
   dont worry , that happens , in some years when you learn history you will know how dumb you were :p, 
  only east prussia , which didnt even included dazing, 
  i found weird how germany with 80milion pop today had 90milion 70 years ago : s, 
  if you compare fn with the early nazi party you can hardly find any difference . 
  they both used the same method , by exploiting the ignorance of people . 
  as the fn the nazi party gained popularity during the international crisis during the 30 's , by pointing to a easy way out they got alot of sympathy from the people . 
  basically the tactic is to point a vulnerable group in society and blame them for the crisis , since the people are searching to an alternative to resolve the crisis they look at it as a easy way out ( they dont have to do or suffer anything ), 
  not to talk about the one where they want to increase the number of cops , cell blocks , the power of police tapping and the control over the internet , and the referedum about death penalty . 
  it looks like they want to institute a facist police or secret police to have more controll over people, 
  i think it means statistics not available , because the dark green goes from 0 to 140, 
  i actually did , sorry brain derp : s, 
  japan was also a facist regime so , yeah . 
  damm it stop picking on me , i am not defending the actions of nobody , i am just saying that its easier to people to recognize the far-right destruction , because it happen during a war , than the far-left , which is more an internal affair . 
  hmm , ups ?
