  but no portuguese army ... 
  but no portuguese army ... 
  thats what i mean it shows the french and spanish army retreated to portugal and instead of the portuguese army it shows the brazilian , probably a geography mistake, 
  yep, 
  do you change your underwear only 3 times a weak ? 
  sure , but that place isnt brasil , its actually portugal ( the shock !!! ), 
  i have no idea , i just posted that because it has the brazilian flag instead of the portuguese, 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26880182 http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/11/eu-crackdown-tobacco-smuggling-spain-gibraltar http://www.theolivepress.es/spain-news/2014/01/25/61301/, 
  i dont understand what you said ... 
  just go watch a european map from 1500 's and then you see who was independent ... 
  the traffic that enters there to the peninsula , specially tobacco , the trash that ends in the spanish beaches because they dont care , etc. . 
  thank you . 
  they could make a group in each region . 
  like group a on iberian peninsula , b on gb , c on france etc. . . 
  same for the rest of the competition, 
  thats why they are pissed - . - ', 
  dont worry , you still have fn/s, 
  i think you germans have to do it last time like when you united germany . 
  force someone to declare war on us and then over night unite to kick their ass . 
  i havent heard of this anywhere : s but anyway , is this a priority for now or do you think its just to protect us for the robots that will kills millions of jobs ? 
  911 inside job , porsche knew it all along !, 
  the spanish dont want it back , they just want it to stop being the cancer of the iberian peninsula, 
  it also independent for 6 days on 1641 , after declaring independence they tried to become part of france http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/rep%c3%bablica_catalana, 
   to be honest , from a historical point of view the catalans have more of a claim to independence than scotland how so ? 
  i dont even remember when they were independent , they went from the french hands to muslims to aragon, 
  and start to refuse them the oil tax while making fun of them for asking ... 
  why argentina ? 
  edit : i am serious . 
  from where ? 
  we are well known colonialists all around the world , in south america , africa , india , middle east , sea and china , we were the first to all those places and stay longer than everyone in africa china and india . 
  30 % `` yes '' , 70 % `` i already said i would visit spain , you dont need to ask about every region of it . '', 
  if you asked , do you want to visit the province of spain , portugal they would probably recognize and say yes . 
  most americans think that iberia only has spain . 
  because the devs are just a bunch of scumbags that love their cash, 
  this world is pay to win , you have to live with it ... 
  looks like failed bureaucracy to me . 
  the other problem is that they have a population of 75m and growing fast , do you imagine a recent and a bit polemic member state being the big shot of the union, 
  that isnt criticism ... 
  same here , buses are faster and probably cheaper , when i travel i always choose bus . 
  its a joke about portugal losing 13milion $ on the sanctions and lithuania was one of the most affected ... 
  i know , but does it activate heat charges before impact to reduce the penetration , or does it just reduce overall penetration of all rounds ? 
  can someone explain against which and why explosive-reactive armor is good against ? 
  you forgot algarve ... 
  if it wasnt for the family that owns them now , maybe . 
  but , who gon na buy 13milion $ of our finest olive oil ? 
  the problem with african nations is that they are plagued with dictatorships or `` democracies '' , that are basically dictatorships , that they cant get ride off without a big uncertain rebellion , which may trow them back into another dictatorship , and big companies like those dictatorships so they can get they oil , or mineral concessions with a few bribes . 
  and those governments are there manly because of the colonial occupiers , for example when portugal left angola , we didnt give a fuck about their future , we just packed , threw some guys in power and got the fuck out of there , and now they are stuck with a family in power that uses the countries resources to gain power and money , same thing as east timor , did we give a fuck about their future when we left ? 
  nop , and then a few months later indonesia invaded them . 
  if we help their countries develop a economy and a decent government that gives people some decent right , maybe fewer will risk their lives for a shitty uncertain job on europe . 
  if you want to fight it , try to fight the root of the problem . 
  i know , thats the joke :p puberty meaning their empire -  dictatorship years . 
  i know i am not helping , but the companies that feed the elites of 3rd world countries with cash so they can prospect oil , minerals or what the fuck they want isnt helping either ... 
   it 's argued that it 's not our responsibility to take care of them because they were born outside the eu . 
   their country is suffering from european colonial abuse to some extent its our fault . 
  better die trying than live in unstable country where you can achieve nothing . 
  most people on / r/europe like to blame the people like its their fault they were born on the wrong side of the border , its their fault that their country is suffering from european colonial abuse and nowadays international companies abuse . 
  because you know , you didnt choose where you born but its your fault anyway . 
  [ what ? 
  this one ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejpvtkpd0kk ), 
  with alzheimer . 
  well spain goes from nuetros hermanos , to assholes depending on the day . 
  englad is our oldest ally ready to help , but they never do it for free ... 
  asking for help to them is like having a failed marriage , in the end you have to give them half of what you own . 
  and there is brasil , our prodigal son , everything he does right , samba carnaval etc. . , we say they learnt it from us , when they fuck up , favelas crimes rates etc. . , we blame it on their puberty . 
  must do one about the portuguese :p btw , la mader p\u00fatria was too good :p, 
  both are awful , i remember trying to watch mythbuster with voice over in the discovery channel , it just kills the show , same thing when you watch those red necks shows , you miss their awesome accent one the voice over :(, 
  do you think the salaries nowadays in the ep reduces fraud or its a bit too much ? 
  do companies control the ep as hard as they control the us congress ? 
  they are just shooting their last rounds ... 
  how did you end up in google.pt ? 
  so were you once ... 
  child adoption and stuff like that maybe ? 
  the roussilon region ? 
  and we also sold our soul to the devil to get the independence ... we pretty much had to give our asian empire to the uk for help in the war . 
   independence is a one side thing . 
  if you want to do it our way ... 
  which ended in a 28 year war . 
  it just seems more logical to spain to federalize , you are one of the richest region of spain and if you leave they will be pretty fucked up , so they rather have a federation than crippling their economy even harder . 
  you never see french part of catalonia or the basque country complaining , most of the people just want out of spain , it doesnt matter how . 
  a federation between the catilians and the catalans where you could have your languague government etc. 
  and even you can go full netherlands and the king of spain becomes only king of castille, 
  the point of the federation is to give you a identity not keep things the same way, 
  that a weird catalan flag ... 
  a question for the catalan redditors : would you be happy with federalization ? 
  it for electronics and online purchases, 
  it was on top when i checked it , now i have no idea ... 
  ireland is out of the schengen area so they can pretty much decide who comes in . 
  i just didnt know that there were system capable to destroy planes that flew at mach 2 and 3, 
  what is up with that map where spain occupies all of the iberian peninsula ? ... 
  you know humans are responsible for 100 % of the global warming ? 
  kill them all !!, 
  it depends , for example , solar in southern portugal is actually pretty predictable since 2/3 of the year is sunny and so is geothermal energy . 
  but what i meant in the end is that everything isnt 100 % perfect , everything has it pros and cons and every possibility should be studied . 
  to be fair nuclear isnt that environment friendly either ... renewable are the way to go !, 
  one thing is to shoot a commercial flight , the other is to shoot a plane in mach 1 or 2 . 
  do they have missiles that can reach those kinda speeds ? 
  supporting a dictatorship that doesnt speak portuguese enter in the cplp, 
  phillipines was a spanish colony that entered in the us sphere of influence, 
  we are kinda pissed off with them right now , letting a human rights violator that doesnt speak portuguese getting in a union of portuguese speaking countries was kinda stupid .
