   freedom of speech also applies to those you do n't agree with , even if there views are racistic and discriminatory . 
  i do n't agree with the views of those subs , but we should allow them to exist , to hold up our principles . 
  harassment isnt freedom of speech, 
  first , it isnt about that , secondly you cant prove that is true . 
   no they do n't , not here atleast . 
  so you do 18years and your parents are like : `` fuck it , you are on your own , good luck ! '', 
   5.945 kr is enough to come by in denmark . 
  housing is super cheap compared to switzerland and sweden for example , and depending on the conditions , it 's more than students gets . 
  it isnt enough to get by in portugal , so its probably not enough to live by in denmark . 
   i think it 's fair that students get more state support than neet 's . 
  a students have the help of their parents , while asylum seekers are droped in a country without nothing . 
  edit : got the conversion from kroner to euro wrong , but it still dont seem much for the 6th most expensive country in the world, 
   helps with industrial export ( finished goods ) finished goods need raw materials , and the most important of those is energy , being greece a importer instead of a producer of fossil fuels that will have a big impact on the industry and even the greeks themselves . 
  most people forget that week currencies also have disadvantages for countries like portugal and greece that have basically no raw materials have a a negative trade balance , yes its better for your exports , but you also have to import more than you export . 
   and to strengthen energy sector . 
  i dont think greece has any fossil fuels production , the price would go up not down since most of them are traded in dolars . 
  what scares me is what will happen to the eu , a default will not only shake the confidence on grece but also on the eu . 
  the investors will see that the eu is not as safe as they though and interest will shoot up and that will mostly affect the countries on the bottom , that is portugal ... 
   did they care when people started to suicide in greece ?? 
  ? did they care when people started to get 500 euros and pay 800 per month ?? 
  ? did they care that pensioners take 300 euros pension and most of them pay for their kids ?? 
  ? did they care that 30 % of people dont have job ?? 
  ? did they care when 500.000 young people left greece ?? 
  ? why i should care for them ??? 
  it isnt for them to care , it was our government , they only only lend the money when greece asked for it . 
  if you dont like them , dont ask them for money, 
   it is actually the other way around , the one mocked is the imf ( fmi in french ) and its chief catherine christine lagarde ( also happens to be an ex right-wing finances minister ) and its methods to `` save europe '' . 
  also , the jewish nose . 
  might be a caracature coincidence , but i dont think so :p, 
  you are reaaaaaaaaaaaly underestimating france and britains military , dont forget that its 5 % of a small economy . 
   africa begins south of porto . 
  couldnt agree more :p, 
  yep , starting from may 1/3 of the caravans in here are dutch . 
  and i live in the north which as almost no turism . 
  more time to party !, 
  but polen you cant partition , you is partition, 
   many countries in balkan , russia and ex-soviet countries have large markets for stolen cars from western europe . 
  the rest are sold in second hand in portugal ( but legally ) . 
  but the russian shells will be guided by the holy hand of putin strait to the ukranian oppressors !, 
   lem me offer a hint : no debt that any government in the world has , is meant to be repaid . 
  ever . 
  the trick with debts is that they should have enough `` power '' behind them , so to indefinitely roll them into the future and slowly making them less and less . 
  you are not wrong , but you arent right either , governments do pay debt but they do it by acquiring more debt , when the time comes to pay the debt they just hope that the economy has grown enough that the interest is negated and they have access to the market to be able to get more debt . 
   do these guys not remember what it was like being 14 !? 
  i remember being 14 and one of the free signal channels aired a french movie which was quite explicit and became a fan of the french rating system since then . 
  stop trying to make sense . 
  i am trying to send a message !, 
  i think its just people moving to madrid, 
  fundo monetario internacional . 
  oops , 
   if greece had implemented responsible austerity over the years , that is the difference between the greek/portuguese and the irish case , the irish called the fmi when they started to see things going to shit , the greek/portuguese governments didnt want to be the ones to call the fmi so they sent the country into the abyss trying to avoid it . 
   most countries secure the `` savings '' of the taxpayers . 
  up to arround 200-300 k $ the state will compensate your losses , most taxpayers are well under that amount of money in their banks accounts , so only the rich would lose money should the bank go tits up . 
  thats spain and not moldova , and that its still the taxpayers bailing the bank or part of it ... 
   if i was greek - the new drachma could not come fast enough . 
  it would be dumb , unless you default , they hold their debt in euros or dolars and have to pay it in a currency with no value . 
  france is a lot lower than i expected . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ), 
  isnt china gdp 10trilion ? 
  you could only take 1 bilion out of your ass ? 
  why not 10 ? 
  or 100bilion migrants !, 
  is spain 's population increasing or just moving around ? 
   merchants beating people who stole from them ? 
  apparently stole from them, 
  and because the have billions on greece also . 
  the russians are making a puppet state out of a part of a old puppet state . 
  being ruled by austria and being close to the empire capital lead to development even before yugoslavia, 
  the reason they havent done it wasnt because of the lack of trying . 
  bay gaud my culture is dead tammorow if we dont do anything, 
  no , you dont understand , he is white so its ok for him to emmigrate, 
   but you ca n't pretend that the church has some views that progressives would be very opposed to . 
  how the fuck does that affect someone that isnt catholic or lives outside of vatican ? 
  should i start hating every country that doesnt have gay marriage just because ? 
   that and the whole molestation thing thats just generalizing , just because a priest molest a child , it doesnt mean that every priest is a child molester . 
  and even the occultations dont go to the top of the vatican , its just some cardeals/bishops trying to hide a priest from their area , not the pope absolving every child molesting priest and giving them a `` ticket to heaven '' . 
  and btw i am not a catholic , i just dont understand blind hate . 
   it would be so easy , too . 
  paying reparations aint cheap, 
  why would anyone hate the vatican ? 
  you dont even have camels , so its worse !, 
  we hate because you are becoming richer that us/s . 
  we are the tail of western europe and you are the head of eastern . 
   in the euro2004 greece won against portuga i cant remember any euro in 2004 , it was a leap year . 
  any of my fellow countrymen can confirm that also . 
  [ you are still owning us a king ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_alc%c3%a1cer_quibir ) . 
  so shut up and vote on our favor, 
  adding the [ medieval bridge of barcelos ] ( http://www.rotasturisticas.pt/imagens/fotos/pt/large/fotos_29528_barcelos_ponte_medieval_sobre_o_rio_cavado_barcelos.jpg ) roman architecture , in the back the ruins last palace the dukes of bragan\u00e7a lived before moving to lisbon and becoming the ruling dynasty . 
  the palace was abandoned and stated to fell apart so inhabitants of barcelos used its stones as pavement until it was made illegal . 
  and [ igreja de s\u00e3o francisco no porto ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/igreja_de_s%c3%a3o_francisco_01.jpg ) aka the place where we spent our brazilian gold, 
  wait , the austrians are the germans that live under the sea right ? 
  that a lie . 
  the stats that `` prove '' that only compare current tax earned vs money spent on health in cancer diseases related to smoking . 
  they dont account people that may have other health problems or have to retire earlier , because most smokers dont die but get serious cardiac diseases and many of them have to retire earlier and spend extra money on health due to their problems . 
  but they have to pay for cancer , obesity and hearth problem which is a lot more than you are paying them, 
   that actually sounds like a good idea . 
  if there would be benefits for people trying to improve their health and stop their bad habits . 
   using a devalued drachma to pay debts sounds tempting isnt the greek debt in euros ? 
  that would actually be worst, 
   is it really a government 's job to tell you what to eat and do ?
