  but who believes in them ? 
  noone , this is just to make the interest go up and make big american banks profit . 
  i mean you need to be the biggest and luckiest retarded to get enough money to invest in these things and still dont have a clue about it ... just as an example aig lost 100 bilion dollars thanks to the so rated aaa subprimes . 
  actually i would guess the majority of immigrants in the countryside and isolated areas doing jobs nobody wants ... 
  after the us rating agencies being a major player in the 2008 crisis , if not the biggest one , and then when major us banks could make more money on the housing sector they helped them making money on eu countries with difficulties and we are still supposed to believe them ? 
  you guys can use everything against immigrants ffs ... do you really mean that 2,8 milion immigrants live in belgium ? 
  and from those guys not only 1 is in favor ? 
  we have the lowest birth rate in europe , that means that the majority of our population is old people that lived during a dictatorship that shoved religion and the perfect family form in peoples faces so they would be distracted from the current issues . 
  if you consider having a working pension system good , sure . 
   embrace science , `` ban '' religion going back to the good ol times of religious purging . 
  strong and weak black economies ... 
  i havent had time to read the article , but to be fair the telegraph does love to talk about other eu members problems , and little about uk 's . 
   staple foods for generations all along the coastline . 
  after oil i bet the second biggest export of norway is cod to portugal . 
  cant drink that much gas either . 
  i like this one better ... 
   unless shit is virtually free especially when shit is free, 
   overall incompetence of his executive . 
  thats kinda harsh , our health minister is one of the best in the latest years and the economy was the only one that hired a secretary to try and fight the big rents that we pay to electric companies , although due to lobbying he had to quit . 
  yes there one or two idiots that went by but still the overall is average . 
  but they could the potential is there ... 
  its more against the bourbon family , corrupt sister and the resigned king that was a bit insensible . 
  this one is actually more friendly and a little more concerned about the image that he shows to the people . 
  i actually like these old constitutional monarchy , they generate a lot of money from tourism , i have seen stats about the british royal family doing 10 times the tax money from tourism relative to the money that they get from tax payers . 
   uruguay where weed is legal move to uruguay just because weed is legal ? 
  at least he didnt get -5000000 downvotes just for a silly question ... 
  we already recognize the state of palestine , does that make us moors ? 
  and internet providers that want to make a profit with shitty internet . 
  yeah , thats what i suspected . . 
  well , you have the sea , i heard you have a bit too much sea :p, 
  there is also something else about this data , 50-60 % of portuguese electricity is also from renewable but the map only shows 20 % ? 
  a lot of it no , some motorways buildings etc. . where built in excess, 
  if his voters are 90years old ladies sitting on a throne waiting for the empire to come back and waiting just a bit of nostalgia to remember the good o ' l times, 
  well , fifa made brazil change its alchool law in the stadiums , http://l2b.thelawyer.com/home/insight/how-fifa-is-changing-brazils-constitution-for-the-world-cup/3020589.article, 
  trowing money at the problems doesnt either , we need a way to cut the expenses without increasing taxes . 
   germany has 8 % surplus ( it 's against the rules too ) for what i know germany has more than the 60 % debt which is also agaisnt the euro rules , maybe they are trying to break one rule to `` unbreak '' the other ? 
  that was cheap ... 
  portugal is wrong ... by far edit : [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/energy/publications/doc/2013_pocketbook.pdf ) , i also realized this might be total energy produced and not only electricity production ... 
  same thing why smaller us states need the tax money of texas to build motorways and bridges , both estonia and finland are small countries and getting money from them to build a tunnel would be a bit too much , its like asking 100 guys 1 $ or 10.000 0.01 $, 
  giving a smart answer would be better ... 
  you are quite small for a german ... 
   c ) the russian federation is still an ally i dont thing russia is your ally since ww1 , ww2 and forward was just convenience buddies . 
   d ) if you consider the big picture , two ships are n't going to change much , there simply wont be a war , and this sale is crucial for our industry . 
  two ships wont make a different , but its the act that does . 
  not to talk that the polish economy is the most promising one from eastern europe , their position and big population can make that one of the biggest economies in the eu in the future . 
  people like to make fun of the southern europeans about the siesta ( ok manly the spanish ) , but there is a ongoing process against a company that made his employee work during the peak sun time and he ended up dying ... 
  yep , doesnt matter how they got in or how rich they are , they always get 100 % . 
  although i hate summer , most people seem to love it so i kinda guess its the best time of the year ? 
  but anyway there is also a lot of tourists , brits of course and a bit of dutch , specifically retired that come `` live '' here during the winter because its quite pleasant , as an example i live in the north around the sea level and the average temperature is around 10\u00bac , if it goes below 0\u00bac then its an ice age . 
  there is also azores where the average temperature varies from 14\u00bac to 22\u00bac , its probably the most pleasant place to live in . 
  there is all what i call of the `` killzone '' . 
  basically everyone i know that smoked most of his/her life will have a problem from 50-65 caused by tobacco . 
  my family stats is from 4 smokers that hit the killzone , one died at around 50 , other at 62 , 2 got hearth problems around the 55-60 and had to quit smoking and are now living with a pacemaker . 
  that happens in every european country , this is talking about raw not about the exceptions that all the countries have, 
   no storage systems currently available to hold the energy produced . 
  how about using potential energy ? 
  we could use a hydro dam a `` battery '', 
  then russian should change to the mongol flag , for the same reasons, 
  i cant contain myself : s, 
  how about the environmental impact ? 
  alot of people is against artic drilling , is this one dangerous ? 
  edit : just found this in the comments : `` they can use non ice rated equipment , drill vast areas of international waters that otherwise would wait for un agreement , no environmental worries , with the only real cost being suitcases of us cash to putin to fatten the 70 plus billion he 's already stuffed into swiss accounts . '', 
  it looks like men with their legs open holding the bridge . 
  jajajajajaj * , your still spanish, 
  but , from what i know of the spanish history during the 20th century , which is not much so bare with me , franco tried to make catalonia a developed region by giving it priority in the building of industry and infrastructure and transferring peasants from andalucia to catalonia to work in that industry . 
  in my opinion this independence movements in spain are just a a case of spain having a troubled economy with high unemployment , because if you look at the historical borders of both catalonia and the basque country , a big portion of them is inside of france , but nobody in france complains about it because there isnt such a big outrage against the central government ( the spanish king , etc. . ) and things there are a bit better . 
  this movements are more of `` we dont like castillians so we want independence '' , than the scottish version `` we could be better alone with our oil monies like norway '' . 
  and you can see what i am saying also in the canaries , there is the chance of the portuguese deserted islands having oil , and the canarians were invading them and demanding independence from spain and at the same time demanding sovereignty over the deserted islands , it doesnt even make sense to the canaries being independent they just want to leave spain and get their hands on the probable oil in there . 
   so you want spain to feed off catalonia 's resources against catalonia 's will ? 
  maybe you should find ways to improve the spanish economy instead of resorting to what is akin to parasitic imperialism . 
  the problem is that spain used its resources to develop catalonia more than any other region , and now them leaving would be destructive and ungrateful towards spain . 
   german journalism can bepretty onesided sometimes every country journalism *, 
  you kid about it but a worker died this summer in portugal due to his employer make him work in the sun for too many hours . 
  reminds me a quote from voltaire - `` where some states possess an army , the prussian army possesses a state . 
  '' , but applied to russia - `` where some states possess oligarchs , the russian oligarchs possesses a state . '', 
  its called a tan/s, 
  well , at least the main roads are fixed quite fast in here , but secondary roads often become ignored also ... still better than not having roads , hey we almost went bankrupt for building roads :p, 
  yeah i agree , lets kick germany for banning nazi symbols/s, 
  at least they get fixed once in a while , and they arent as bad as they were before, 
  turkey doesnt want to join , if they did they would have fixed their problems , they just want the benefits, 
   that is long time and hopefully problems that they have today will be gone . 
  not having those problems might be a criteria to them joining . 
   because everything is other peoples problem , not ours . 
  we do n't play as a team . 
  exactly , and that was one of the examples where we didnt played as a team , for example a farmer gets a subside to buy a new machine and he spends on a new merc, 
  probably a dutch living in croatia, 
  and in the 90 's we basically used loans and eu funds to buy bmws and mercedes , so yeah ... 
  portugal was in a dictatorship 40years ago ... isnt as actual as communism but it is still recent, 
  thats a state , but still if it pisses putin off its good enough :p, 
  :( i though it a new aircraft carrier well looks like i have to go back to watch the old ones with a shit tone of aa miniguns and long range missiles :(, 
  thats why i giggled when i saw this news , russia is too big and their ports too cold to have an efficient navy , unless they try to have a us navy size squadron on their far east and just make another in syria they have no chance of playing in the seas . 
  thats why they got humiliated in the russian-japanese war , the first european country to lose a war against asian country in the modern age . 
   unsinkable aircraft carrier uss japan i am curious about that , can you get me something to check it out ? 
  this is probably part of the kyoto protocol , portugal right now is selling green energy to help the other countries keep the agreement . 
  there would be a shame if there was a easy way to block the whole navy with a simple blockade wouldnt it ? 
  it started with the separation of head and body ... 
  are *, 
  no , communist good !, 
  nazi jews bad !, 
  its a tourism video,
