  dont know were i got the 200 milion : s must have been some cross information derp on my brain but you are right , most of sources say its 50 , 60 or 60 +, 
  wars like ? 
  i dont remeber seeing francois hollande declaring war on anyone o_o, 
  that was an estimate of the victims caused by the war , which most of the people blame the nazi regime on . 
  i am not saying that this is true , i am just trying to indicate to what causes people to say that far-right is worst than far-left, 
  nazi germany , 60m + worldwide my point is , it easier to see the death and destruction that the far-right caused than the far-left . 
  editer : brain derp on the number of casualities, 
  they had a less bloody ending , and also they stand for the lowest class of people , which there are alot , so its easy for them to get votes , just say something ignorant like the state wants you poor so you can work harder !!, 
  but we dont ( we dont want you poor we want slaves muhahahaha ), 
  or because europe already knows what happens when you vote far-right ( nazi germany . . ), 
  reverse ww2 , italy germany portugal and spain , basically all the old facist ditatorships , agaisnt the nazi allies, 
  i was trolling :p , basically what i said was that we can only be equal in disgrace ... 
  its is possible for that utopia to become true , if the human race gets enslaved , so lets all hope for the robots that we create to enslave us so we can have an 100 % worker and comunist world and we all be alike , without freedom and starving !!!, 
  ( ok i 'm done with the trolling ) but sometimes i wish people would get what they ask for :(, 
  how can someone be worste than france ? 
  70 years ago they got invaded by far right racists , and now they are voting for them ... 
  i blame the education system of these european countries , people are getting more ignorant every day , its like the new documentary on discovery about the rise of nazi party to power says , `` if you dont learn from history , you are going to make the same mistake . '', 
  i saw the interview and i think it was proof of direct intervention by the russian army, 
  and they either drive a micra or a seat ibiza, 
   while in mcdonalds is always at least 6-7 $ ( burguer + chips + drink ) 5 $ medium menu, 
   and on top of that being forced to loan greece over 1 billion euros through the ecb most of that money was lent before we called troika , so its pretty much on our former pm for lending money while we couldnt even sustain ourselves . 
  if during the communist rule you would divide europe between communist and capitalist countries you also would divide it between poor and rich europe, 
   but as a german it 's my impression that most people with turkish immigration backgrounds are pretty well integrated around here funny enough most kebab restaurants that i saw here in portugal were founded by german turks . 
  pretty much, 
  also paper industry only cuts the trees that they grow . 
   cut aid to developing countries . 
  ( to be proposed . ), 
  that is retarded, 
   or is olivenza/oliven \u00e7a actually something special ? 
  its just an old border dispute that nobody today cares about . 
  basically pre-napolionic wars spain and france invaded portugal and in the peace deal they took oliven\u00e7a , part of french guyana and portugal took a bit chunk of what today is brasil from spain . 
  after the napolionic wars in the peace deals spain was supposed to give oliven\u00e7a back ... and we are still waiting . 
  that and cheap oil . 
  arent they in every active front ? 
   we could spend the resources we waste in bull fighting on improving the quality of life of bulls ( and other animals ) what happens to the resources when the income stops ? 
  the resources only exist because people pay a ticket to see them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate yep , sweden is way more dangerous than lithuania !, 
   its lack of democracy care to explain ? 
   australia even also looking possible . 
  i tough it was proven when someone found naval artillery from the 16th century in a australian beach, 
  that is probably putin troll army, 
   the guys performing the experiment in portugal are roaming through lisbon 's downtown and a mall . 
  look at 2:25 , that isnt either a mall or downtown . 
  oops, 
   but can you explain how and what will make the difference ? 
  do you remember what the us army did to iraque 's army during the iraqui war ? 
  or they count the parents also . 
  well , spending 900 of those 1000years as a slave might have helped with that some would say . 
   actually they represent the 5 moorish kings we killed to form the kingdom i dont know if they all died , i think our king just defeated the 5 of them in a single battle . 
  see , thats why you failed , you need to drink to forget like us !, 
   i am still fucking scared of having children [ i wonder why ] ( http://imgur.com/rajlsnq ), 
  spain-portugal fucks up your teory, 
   caribe neerland\u00eas that is pt-br i think, 
  you kept the \u00e7 in cura\u00e7ao but not the \u00e3 ? 
  at least your language doesnt come in small letters under spanish, 
  in the end of the article : https://usatmarkets.files.wordpress.com/2015/05/capture30.jpg?w=1000 debt is debt , it doesnt matter what they do to it . 
  capitalism is run on debt , companies that are worth bilions , like apple and mcdonals also have a bilions in debt . 
  do you think whenever mcdonals wants to open a new restaurant the owner just saves money to do it ? 
  he ask for a loan and hopes that the investment will be enough to pay off the loan and interest and still have a profit . 
  same goes for countries , when a country wants to build a new airport or highway they dont save money in the bank , they ask for money because they know that that might help the economy grow and bring enough benefits that will pay off the interest . 
  i am not saying that you should go full portugal or greece and overspend , but under spending is also a problem because the country is missing an opportunity to grow faster . 
  i mean the totals , for example germany has 70 % public debt in relation of gdp , switzerland 52 % but estonia only has 6 %, 
  is it 100 % positive ? 
  acquiring debt is normal for any western government and having a low debt may mean that the government is missing chances to develop the country . 
  those weapons were used against portuguese soldiers that were manly conscripted against their will . 
  the portuguese communist party was a big supporter of the ussr , helping them supply the colonies with weapons in the colonial war . 
  they also support a lot of communist leaders since their leaders met with the soviet ones and in the anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall they put a statement basically saying it was a sad thing and east germany was best germany !, 
  good thing he is burning all the bridges now , its not like he need the trust of markets to ask for money for decent interest and become independent from troika . 
   ` the communists ' are pretty loaded descriptions which i assume were not part of the original article . 
  the communist party is wildly accepted in several european countries that have no idea what the real russian communist party did , for example we have 2 communist parties that had 7,91 % and 1,12 % of the votes last elections . 
  its not `` student cheap '' , i can eat the the college cafeteria for 2,5 $ or in a restaurant for 3,5 $ but an adult meal is around 5 $ same as mcdonalds which is quite cheap, 
  they sell crappy food/beverages for low prices with shitty quality . 
  no its not , we can get rich thanks to euromillions !, 
   the imf refuses participation unless there is debt restructuring . 
  and they also refuse to be that of the restructuring . 
  they want a restructuring , if that doesnt affect their money, 
  we have to watch both !, 
   events with greece just make it worse . 
  i honestly belevie we are better with z\u0142oty . 
  greece had 120 % debt before joining the euro , so you can put the blame only on it, 
  its what been keeping the world powers from entering a war between each other for 70 years, 
  maybe those bases wouldnt exist if the countries didnt felt threatened ? 
  it does make sense , people that are left in poverty with no option often resort to begging or stealing, 
   here in the netherlands $ 1000 would probably not be enough to house , feed , clothe and insure one person in most places , especially if this wage would also need to pay for the base requirements of keeping a job ( transportation ) when people were talking about subsidies to refugees which are around 700 $ in denmark , which is the 6th most expensive place to live in the world and more expensive than the netherlands , it was ok !, 
   ( when convenient of course ) and while researching that , most articles said that basically this : `` sometimes it is wrongly said that the catholic church opposes stem cell research . 
  in fact , the church supports ethically responsible stem cell research , while opposing any research that exploits or destroys human embryos . 
  because the church opposes deliberately destroying innocent human life at any stage , for research or any other purpose , it opposes embryonic stem cell research as currently conducted . '', 
   this . 
  we ca n't repeat this harsh truth too often : this shortcoming of democracy in general needs to be solved some way or another . 
  people forget that the catholic church was also a big promoter of science ( when convenient of course ) , [ and still is ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vatican_advanced_technology_telescope ), 
  you didnt point to another alternative , so austerity is still the only alternative ? 
  you dont live in portugal , thats for sure !, 
  its funny because here in portugal its regular for you to eat in a restaurant , go get a coffee at a cafe and go to a grocery store without paying taxes . 
  in fact i dont remember paying taxes for anything that is less than 5 $ and even the things that are more its very rare in those places . 
  is it regular for people from northern europe to buy like a coffee or something under 2 $ and get a receipt without asking for it ? 
  if they leave they have to do a 100 % default , and no country in europe would accept that, 
   whether you accept the existing terms on offer or not will make little difference . 
  funny enough , the vote today is noting more than a confidence bote on syriza . 
  because in both cases they will have to negotiate a new agreement because the last one prescribed , but if yes wins tsipras ( it was him righ ? ), 
  said he was going to resign .
