if anything , it has more to do with tumbling prices of oil which could be seen as covert sanctions by the us and their allies, 
  manchester ? 
  you forgot to mention the guy that probably made us so cocky , our greatest general of all time [ nuno alvares pereira ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuno_%c3%81lvares_pereira ) . 
  this guy fought during our first succession war , the battle with the easiest odds he had was 4 castillians to 1 portuguese . 
  his first battle he won with 1400 vs 5000 without loosing a single men and in his last he won with 4000 vs 20000 and killed the castillian general himslef . 
  he fought with an army of university stundents some soldiers from the royal guard and 100 english bowmen , a total of 6500 volunteers , against a army of over 30.000 soldiers with italian mercenaries , french knights that fought in the 100years war and castile and aragons armies which also included mortars , and he won the battle losing less than 1000 men . 
  last time we got intimidated by a great power was in 19th century by britain , and the first thing we did was to prepare to war . 
  our national anthem is about that same moment and when the king didnt declared war on them we killed him and went republic ... 
  being europe so diverse i cant agree with that , if it was in the case of the usa , where the states speak the same language and have more or less the same habits , it would be ok , but not in the eu . 
  we are actually doing better that the prevision so ... 
   all of this without any of the disadvantages and obligations . 
  actually they do , they only one where they have a pass is in the fishing quotas , the rest is the same , they pay membership , they dont get a vote , but they follow almost all the laws, 
  leave the austrians alone - . - ', 
  you just resumed the human species , congrats ... filthy castilian, 
  why is that a good thing ? 
  limiting immigrants that can enter in the uk wont do you much either ... 
  `` we want to reform ! '' . 
  how ? 
  `` well , reversing all the other reforms would be good . '', 
  fap to the rescue !, 
  thats good , we went down after the summer jobs were over instead of increasing . 
  this is actually really bad imo . 
  i mean , orban has done a lot of worse thing like changing the constitution and making a entity that can overrule the constitutional court giving him an almost absolute power . 
  when hungarians went to protest now , they only showed him that they dont care if he becomes an almost dictator if he doesnt messes around with them in a direct way . 
  the public outrage against a measure that isnt 1/10 as bad a the others that he has done and the passivity against the `` real problems '' doesnt leave me very optimist about the current hungarian situation . 
  not to talk that tipping is a bad practice that leads to a system where tipping is the waiters main payment . 
  just look at the usa . 
  what happens is when tipping becomes regular in a country it creates a false sense of pay to the waiters , making them more tolerant to lower paid jobs or less increases in wages . 
  but the thing is when you pay for your food for example you already pay for the service part , so when you tip you just so happen to pay for the service twice but the company that runs the place takes most of the first pay . 
  tldr : tipping creates a system where you pay twice for your service but only one goes to the waiter . 
  what if you dont want beer ? 
  still , even a slow jet powered plane can do that pretty easly, 
  thats like saying you are the worlds fastest diabetic . 
  thunder , wait ... 
  see usa ? 
  we still need you in the lajes air base , pls gib jobs back :p, 
  although i like this kinda of ideas , i see a kinda of worrying passivity when it comes on the `` giving '' side of things . 
  they could at least decrease the taxes for electric car . . 
  * couf * refer * couf *, 
   ( quick math : around 40 % of people voted last time , and they got around 70 % of the votes . 
  that is around 25-30 % of hungarians from they get their support . ), 
  being lazy is the worst kind of excuse ... and kicking you out of the eu could steer the hungarians into voting a better party and hopefully you could make you way back learning the lessong . 
   without money , portugal will continue to need to follow eu , imf and the ecb 's orders . 
  we spent money we didnt had during the socrates time , lets just hope it doesnt happen again, 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  i mean after a week 1 euro would be worth 0.000001 dollars , but pff , cheap currencies mean strong economies !, 
  and the nuances is that the soviet union conducted massacres like nazi germany , and even worst , they kill thousands of their own soldiers . 
  they didnt had a concentration camps , they had gulags . 
  they massacred the population of occupied country like in the holomodor , they massacre the polish army officers , etc. . . 
   in the effing information age . 
  thats the point . 
  probably , why would the amount of killed people be a bad metric ? 
  still they were born in portugal before that and probably catholic . 
  i remember the case , i think his name was fabio , he went to london to try as a football player , failed got frustrated , and then was lured into islam and isis . 
  just giving this example to see the problem isnt the muslim population in europe , but the isis recruiters that are luring frustrated people into a `` better '' life, 
   they 're more than likely not swedish , just like the ones from britain are n't bloody british . 
  actually , all the portuguese citizens that joined isis arent muslim but converted muslim , although i think the majority was muslim , you cant assume that there isnt at least 1 that is a convert muslim, 
   are u implying that soviet union was the same as nazi germany ? 
  not in ideology , but in the kill count . 
  that includes france 's protectionism about its energy sector right ? 
  easy , buy a bubble gum for each one of us !, 
  good , we can spend more time at the beach :p but srly there is still people in here going to the beach in october , that has to be a record !, 
  well the advantage of living in the iberian penisula is that you have almost no extremes , only a bit in the summer when it gets close to 40\u00bac , other times of the year i either wear a tshirt or a single shirt during fall and spring , and in winter we have to take more extreme measures , we have to wear a jacket !, 
  someone is taking the kyoto protocol a bit too serious . 
  i recommend the indian-bangladeshi border for extra border gore ,, 
  yes , every ~ 5years our locals rent some buses to go the highest point of portugal and see snow , i last time was 2 years ago so that was the last time i saw snow . 
  its 27\u00bac today and 32\u00bac yesterday . 
  i didnt want to add nothing i just wanted to be a dick :p edit : just saw the forecast for tomorrow in the news , 29\u00bac ... 
  well , normally those who want to scam you are waiting and probably wont even give a ride to the locals , that was even on our national tv when a reporter made himself look like a tourist arriving at a port by cruise and other like a normal portuguese person , he refused to take the portuguese and scammed the tourist . 
   tip for traveling in the ~ ~ netherlands ~ ~ everywhere - call a taxi . 
  ftfy ^ do ^ i ^ have ^ to ^ fix ^ everything ? 
  california is in the south ... 
   very common scam ~ ~ in prague ~ ~ everywhere . 
  usually foreigners get scammed . 
  ftfy, 
  tourists , main entrance to the drug traffic form northern africa etc. . . edit : oh also , its has such a low population that killing a single person make a big diferrence, 
  a good cisco router is 1000 $ + * 4000 = 4.000.000, 
   however , the fact that they have been continuously been severely discriminated for a millennia is horrific . 
  no , its ok , if i have learned something from this sub is that roma people are sub-human ... 
  i think the round numbers are just wrong , round one we blamed usa for starting the crisis , round 2 is bail out and austerity part for southern european countries . 
  they can pirate it :p, 
  you will be fine in 95 minutes . 
  rotterdam manly feeds central europe and especially the continental europe blue banana . 
  what sines would do is to take away the asian trade that comes from suez from algeciras valencia and le havre . 
  there is already a high speed connection from spain to france and the main job of sines would be unload the cargo from ships that come to spain portugal and southern france . 
  well big ships will be able to cross the panama canal and asian nations , specially china , will probably change their main routes to there because it is safer , most island are us controlled instead of somaly pirates and unstable middle east and african countries . 
  if we get a decent transport system ( high speed rail ) to spain , and increase the capacity of sines , asian ships will start to prefer sines since its the only atlantic european port with the capacity of docking them . 
  if our government doesnt fuck up , when panama gets extended sines will get easly on that list, 
  poland , giving germany a hard time since 1939 . 
  i could trace 10 generations of my family and they would probably had lived 25km from here , if anything i am the opposite of a immigrant : s, 
  what ? 
  there is 12 % from north and south america , since usa is the biggest economy by far and the most far reaching and the buyers were 87 % governments , national banks and private banks , you can assume than most of that 12 % is from american banks . 
  the auction was of 2bilion dollars so probably 200milion of that was bought by us banks , thats a lot . 
  thats what i meant , these agencies fucked up many pension funds and companies on the 2008 crisis for rating deadly subprimes as aa or higher . 
  if you want i can search and see if i find the documentary for you but basically banks would give loans to people that couldnt pay them , bundle them up with some that could pay them in a big subprime and then they would ask for a favor to the rating agencies to rate them as aa or bigger and sell them as low risk investments , that how the 2008 crisis started . 
  right back at you . 
  distribution of the bond : by region : europe , africa and middle east 57 % asia 31 % north and south america 12 % i cant post the link because its from the finnish treasury and i had to agree to this `` by clicking the link below , you agree that you are outside the united states and not a u.s. person and that you will not distribute any information provided on this site in the united states or to a u.s. 
  person . '', 
  who buys finnish debt ? 
  well , looks like ours are :p,
