  polish-lithuanian commonwealth which was a world power at its time and even got to rule over muscovy ( russia ) until it started purging everyone who was orthodox edit : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/d/dd/polish-lithuanian_commonwealth_at_its_maximum_extent.svg/800px-polish-lithuanian_commonwealth_at_its_maximum_extent.svg.png, 
  but having a monopoly its even worst . 
  i wont blame france for trying to defend diversity in business , although i am also against the small bookstore sitting on their asses and waiting that the government to keep them in business . 
  they are the largest company in germany and in czech republic ( skoda ), 
  not to talk about all the other car companies that they own , they have like 5 big companies under them . 
   that but then do n't take some job in the army as a sniper . 
  when doctors start working they have to take a oath ( atleast in portugal they do ) , and that oath includes doing everything for human life , so when abortion was made legal in here there was a huge dilemma , first we have the doctors that dont want to perform abortions because its against their oath and snd we have the doctors that will do it , and people started saying that those doctors arent trustworthy because they made a oath and now they are breaking it with no remorse . 
  and that sniper comparison is dumb because he was the head of the maternity not the head of abortion , he was supposed to give birth no to kill . 
  i only knew about the last point . 
  and i wasnt trying to justify him i was saying that many doctors are against abortion ( doesnt matter if its healthy or not ) because it goes against the oath that they make . 
  eh fuck it , what are oats worth anyway ? 
   and if they believe that abortion is killing, 
  to be fair , doctors make a oath to not kill and fight for their patients , and if they believe that abortion is killing , i kinda can understand why he did it, 
  yeah sure , because 1 % of the population didnt starve it was worth it !, 
  i rather dont starve and see chinese profiting from our democracy than the other way around ... 
  well i can tell the benefits that the portuguese had during the last dictatorship . 
  obligatory religion , no free of speech , secret police with the power to torture , obligatory conscription to fight in a war nobody wanted , starvation , and no equal opportunity , and this is only a few of many `` benefits '' . 
  i almost feel offend for that retarded comment ... 
  yep , when the youtube comment system changed he started to use it as a comment section for his videos . 
  / r/cynicalbrit and it seems that he also post not listed videos there :p, 
  why dont people do like totalbiscuit and make a subreddit instead of using youtube comment system ? 
  i just dont get it you can see the most retarded part of humanity just by looking at them . 
  what if your country goes full facist and or dictatorship ? 
  are you still loyal to them ? 
  you shouldnt be always loyal to your country , and choosing allegiance its a thing for the medieval times not from now ... 
   everyone becomes vegetarian \u00a1 dios m\u00cdo !, 
  i dont think so , the han is just too stronk and china wont break without foreign support , and nobody wants to go against china . 
  the only way that chinas will break its if it starts on the han people . 
  roman edmund orlik knocked out 13 german tanks with that thing ... 
  its funny because portugal appears with the `` sufficient food supply '' , but the country during the war had rationed food so it could send it to its allies , and after the war there was a crisis which led to the portuguese dictatorship and one of the reasons was the famine that the world war rationing created . 
  poland : biedronka ~ 2400 portugal jer\u00f3nimo martins we are gon na dominate poland with supermarkets !!!, 
  btw what does `` biedronka '' mean ? 
  that is so soviet also , `` look at these glorious hardware made the stronk russian brothers so we can harvest our fields and dont need to ask food to those capitalist dogs ! '', 
  with the random soviet military parade ... 
  the worst that they can do is say that i am a young male that checks porn , big thing ... 
  i said i had nothing to fear because i dont do anything extraordinary on the internet , and if i needed to do i would just use a proxy/vpn for that . 
  i can imagine that there are people that can be affect by this , but i was always aware , even before the snowden there were another whistle blowers that nobody listened to , so i was always aware of it . 
  has i said on the other comment `` i am against '' , i just can care enough because i always knew it . 
  i read part of it :  in an anarcho-capitalist society , law enforcement , courts , and all other security services would be operated by privately funded competitors rather than centrally through compulsory taxation . 
  money , along with all other goods and services , would be privately and competitively provided in an open market you would basically had to pay for your protection , do you think a store in london could afford protection against a mob ? 
  i mean , what would be the difficulty to get 5 buddies , automatic weapons and rob a store ? 
  and you wouldnt get punish unless the store owner would get 5 of his buddies and try to chase and kill for revenge . 
  what i mean basically , its that anarchy would turn either into a medieval/mafia system where there would be a overlord that you would pay for protection ( damm taxes ) , or it would turn in tribal wars were it would be down to family and the biggest family with more weapons and influence would control the regions . 
  knowing humans breaking the `` laws '' would be very common and those without protection would end in misery . 
  humans are an animals that lives in groups , and groups need leaders so we become a species that is either made to be ruled or to rule , and `` taxes '' was the natural evolution of ruling , if in post-nomad time of humanity we wanted someone to protect our villages from raiders and animals we would need to sustain them because they didnt had the time to farm or collect like the rest of people . 
  tax is the natural evolution that comes with civilization , and taking them way would be against our `` species way of living '' . 
  so naive :p , you need to get out and get to know what humans are like , the moment the cops would stop existing it would turn into london in 2011, 
  that why i never gave i fuck about nsa spying , although i am against , for them i am just a guy that spends his time between gone wild and regular reddit and youtube , just another number . 
  day 3 : suspect 21371263127312 still has spent all his day on / r/gonewild , what is that website setting up ? 
  its ok , they still havent found mejadskasdojasdnv , a nask dman efjla \u00ba + f apsdkl asddasf, 
  and watch the country burn ? 
  dammit , i clicked the link and now nsa is busting into my house, 
   he 's talking about giving them anti-tank weapons ukraine is actually a big weapons producer , and the war by now is mostly being fought in a urban environment which makes tanks totally useless . 
  first because they arent mobile enough or have the weaponry to clean buildings , unless you mean tear everything down to the ground , which you are better off doing with carpet bombing . 
  the other aspects most of the tanks are made to fight front on front or even hull covered warfare and in a town its easy to someone with a rpg climb to a top off a building and destroy your tank with an engine shoot and top of the turret : http://youtu.be/dnjpzkzxwky?t=5m, 
  its a duck ... 
  fuck * license waiting permition *, 
  did you even see the map ? 
  you 're right . 
  but there are more http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_japanese_words_of_portuguese_origin, 
  damm you germans with your free motorways ... 
  and there are some more like arigato ( obrigado ) . 
  this isnt only in portugal , its all over europe , all the idiots saying that immigrants `` took err jerbs '' and always complaining about schengen area or immigration from undeveloped countries , the truth is that immigrants often take jobs that the residents dont want to take . 
  i want to see one of those idiots want to take a job where they earn the minimum wage and have to work more than the average work hours in the middle of nowhere . 
   a 52-year old homeless man stole an ypr ( wiki ) at a military base and made a joy-ride with it on the highway . 
  he got arrested when he stopped at a gas-station . 
  here is a pic of a crane lifting the ypr he stole . 
  worth ? 
  i think so , 
  in portugal there is a cicle , when a portuguese goes to france , or any other country , a ukranian ( or from other country with lowest life quality than portugal ) comes to portugal to take his job , this may seem shocking because of our unemployment but the thruth is that are jobs that the portuguese wont do and we need people from other countries to do it , as an example there was a agricultural company that was hiring to work in a city near spain , they needed 20 workers so they requested from the unemployment pool , from 100 request only 10 answered and 1 accepted the job , the rest of the jobs were taken by immigrants . 
  and while there is people saying that doctors and other graduates are leaving the country due to the lack of jobs , the truth is that portugal has literally being importing doctors from cuba to fill positions on isolated cities and rural areas . 
  i am getting tired of this dumb `` soviets defeated the germans they won ww2 alone !!, 
  '' , srly learn something about ww2 and then please consider in talking about it . 
  just as a help for your possible future studies , there were 3 members of the axis !!!!!, 
  ( i know wtf !, 
  ) , and the soviets basically only fought 1 , and there is more !, 
  the brits destroyed a big part of the lufftwaffe which slowed in initial invasion in soviet controlled territory , and while the soviet got their shit pushed in by the germans the usa supplied food , cloth and weapons because the soviets were still setting their factories behind the urals and more !, 
  the brits and usa bombing of german industrial capacity meant that they couldnt produce as much weaponary as they wanted slowing the advance in soviet territory and even turning the war around !, 
  and this is a example to prove that the war didnt start in the invasion of normandy and battle of stanligrad , the war had started a long while ago before those battles happened, 
  ww2 was caused by the retarded treaty of versailles , what i find amusing is that in ww1 it wasnt a bad guys good guys situation like in ww2 , both sides were a bunch of cunts and ww2 was just a result of their dumb imperialism, 
  tourists bring alot of criminals to try to squeeze any money from them and since algarve has a small population any murder gets a huge relevance, 
  i said summer not summer break :p, 
  you can consider most of may and september summer too , it gets to 30\u00bac easly, 
  you also forgot c\u00fa do mundo which means world 's ass , and carcavelinhos da apulia ( in braga we use it alot ) which doesnt have a translation it just a locality in a funny name, 
  we have almost 5 months of summer ... and i hate summer - . - ', 
  nop , its just george rr martin, 
  so we can say that we finally invented time travel ? 
  you can thank ww2 for that :p, 
  fuck it , i 'll learn latin if i can use a toga !, 
  germany has 1/2 of your population and still has a better economy that yours, 
  rome 3 *, 
  200milion on south america ( uruguay and brasil ) , 41milion on africa , east timor has 1milion pop that either speak portuguese or a creolized portuguese , macau has also some creolized portuguese and portuguese is a oficial languange also , and some words from native australians and from japan are portuguese . 
  so yeah , around the world . 
  german is only spoken in central europe , while portuguese and spanish is spoken all around the world :p, 
  i wouldnt like it , it creates jobs for the people in the azores , and with nato we cant dedicate less tax money to military . 
  the thing is that it ends in a retarded cicle , the people dont pay taxes -  the government raises taxes so it can still maintain the services -  the people try to evade even more taxes to pay the same as before -  back to the government raising even more . 
  evading is not the answer , its just a selfish way to get money without helping the fellow citizens , the one that get fucked are those that have to pay full taxes because they cant evade, 
  i recommend this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kibkoop4aye the us needs some reforms because they just copied the romans on their political system which was used 2000 years ago !, 
  to be fair with all my fellow portuguese people , german as no big `` value '' , we learn mostly english and french/spanish which are way more valuavel than german, 
  its more than 95 % , and it most be immigrants i suspect,
