  so basically we are pissed off at brasil and getting tired of angola 's bullshit . 
  [ the pipeline already supplies france a bit ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maghreb%e2%80%93europe_gas_pipeline ) , they are already connected they just need to up the capacity, 
  not worth it , they just sell it to southern eu countries where they can make the most out of the solar panels . 
  i think you dont understand . 
  he was saying that the rest of europe was too far to receive gas from north africa , but i said that germany receive gas that comes from inner russia which is further way than north africa . 
  its more eu4 :p, 
   the rest of europe is n't close enough germany receives gas from siberia , isnt portugal and spain closer ? 
  its just to make fun of the brits , they seem to want to sail away from europe into north america, 
  what you did to us was worst than what the germans did to the jews ... dont ever talk about it ... 
  he is going to blow up the channel tunnel to separate the uk from france :p, 
  i said this alot of times , portugal and spain receive their gas from algeria why cant the rest of europe start pushing for more african gas ? 
  how about the germans ? 
  dont they want freedom from france also ? 
  nop they arent, 
  you are talking about looting not protesting ... 
  no , but spanish and portuguese look alike so it wouldnt be that hard to try to understand it :p, 
  you dont see many spanish people even trying to understand portuguese :p, 
   if i read a text in portuguese , i 'll think what i 'll comment in portuguese . 
  a spaniard that makes a effort to read portuguese ? 
  are you galician or weird ? 
  you need to buy a small usb device that has a finger print reader , and then you can use it as a password to government and bank websites ( i 'm assuming the spanish ones are equal to the portuguese ones ) . 
  if you guys need it the portuguese army has approximately 30,000 soldiers waiting for a spanish invasion ( which has happened in a long time so they are basically waiting to get a job as a cop ) . 
  dont worry , we also went into deep shit overbuilding motorway and infrastructure that we dont need . 
  maybe we should call the iberian syndrome ... 
  check-mate : s damm china and india with there huge population . 
  and we also need a european rating agency , srly the amount of people that bet on portugal going bankrupt and then payed rating agencies to make our rating trash was just outrageous . 
  they would if we stopped `` producing '' excess college graduates , then you would need to shove money to get the `` brain '' that your economy needs to grow . 
  atleast the spending rampage of the socrates government stopped . 
  he did countless ruinous contracts with private companies and he still wanted to build a tgv line and a new airport for lisbon costing both thousand of millions of euros to `` help the economy '' . . 
  i would say it wasnt a pleasant policy , but in some ways it was needed because money was just being thrown at every problem . 
  we been growing since the middle of 2013 and the unemployment decreasing , let just wait and see if it worked or not , but some areas still need change like the energy sector . 
  its more attractive because its their homeland , no matter how bad it is home is always home :p, 
  i think that the countries should limit the number of students relative to the amount of jobs that exists for that area , the rest should be paid by a euro fund where countries that receive `` brains '' should at least pay for the education of them . 
  because , in portugal , we have certain college degrees that are full but people in the end just go work outside because there is noone recruiting in that area in here , so basically the state is trowing money to graduate the workforce of other eu countries . 
  i know now why russia is attacking ukraine , claims disapear in 25 years and he is rushing so he doesnt have to fabricate new one :p, 
  for the -3 bonus , fighting in a mountain and maybe a river crossing ? 
  spain and italy are 2 of the biggest economies ... 
  its a 1 % fall from last trimester and a 2,3 % fall from last summer , it was 16,5 % , so yeah , its getting better even with the summer jobs messing with the stats . 
  and the case is , those `` negative consequences '' , or positive if you consider that summer jobs , as small the impact they do , its positive , they are already accounted for country growth and budget . 
  alentejo * maybe the younger ones , yes , but the older no . 
  people are giving me a hard time but they forget that other dictatorships like egypt and libia have fallen with the help of the internet . 
  our got down to 14 % , manly because of summer jobs , and the economy will grow a bit more than expected which will make new measures not needed . 
  the problem is that the russians still have an unlimited access to the internet ( i think : s ) , and that basically nullifies the controlled press . 
  we are actually improving now , a bit but its still something . 
   harsh measures can make you really popular among some crowd and hated by other . 
  if these harsh measures starts to impact the lives of the russians , more will join the opposition side . 
  hitler was loved by most of germany in the begging and during the war , but when the allies started to bomb germans cities and they started to take back territory , his support dropped , and that is i what hope it would happen in russia , bad policies and isolation towards the west leaving the people mad with putin, 
  which causes dissent and creates more protesters :p . 
  both portugal and spain use [ algerian gas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maghreb%e2%80%93europe_gas_pipeline ) . 
  on the latest months we are seeing national news about an expansion to europe of this pipeline and maybe that could make your situation more bearable . 
   being `` really popular '' does n't mean `` universally loved '' . 
  but being `` really popular '' doesnt also automatically create a riot on the streets of moscow , some people are starting to get tired of him and even if its a minority , its still something and means that he doesnt have a fascist like control over his population which may cause a realization of his old soviet policies and may make people want to kick him out . 
  we will see next elections if they protest against putin again or not , but even being a minority it means that atleast someone is aware of whats happening around them and that could make the difference . 
   high scores of germany , and especially portugal are surprising portugal has a big ukranian population , they are making peaceful demonstrations all over lisbon atleast and we are kinda getting sorry for them . 
   you should n't ignore massive sacrifices by the ussr in the ww2 . 
  they helped nazi germany invading poland and supplied them to invade france . 
  they conducted genocides as well and many russian soldiers died killed by their officers and not by germans ... 
  if i remember correctly , last time there was a riot on the streets of moscow when he got elected . 
  they will buy the milk at a higher price which will hurt russian economy . 
  and also this were russian sactions not the eu one :p, 
  they can get some , from their lovely supplier ... 
   mobilization of every single ukrainian on earth a ukranian guy living in portugal that was part of the ukrainian army before immigrating was called and they have already search his last address in ukrain several times . 
  first thing i though , he should know it , he 's the one paying for it ... 
  was hopping that germany would also be in just so we could call the storm troopers :(, 
   what did voting different/opposing party achieved to change that status quo issue in our country ? 
  it changed everything , when socrates and ps were in power they wanted to make a recovery by trowing the money to big government paid constructions , and we got a growth of 3 % but got stuck in debt and the growth was only felt only by big companies while small ones closed . 
  when passos and psd came to power with the fmi he only had one objective , killing the debt , people complain that he was reckless but atleast he changed the approach to the crises and did something other that trowing money to the problems . 
  now we just have to wait and see if this recovery is really true and we are actually getting out of this hole , or we are fucked up . 
  but the problem is that your government doesnt know who is breaking the law , why ? 
  because southern europe !, 
  same thing over here , while on north european countries most people report others for tax fraude , in here people are received as heros if they do tax fraude, 
  i remember reading somewhere that was around 50 , well the more you know :p but that is still a short life for a developed country, 
  thats one thing about democracy that i might have a different view . 
  if someone that break the equality or a law and gets away with it , i dont blame the guy that did it , i blame those you let them keep doing it, 
  he is looking for industry and population . 
  russia has a very low population for its size ( ~ 150m for the biggest country in the world , the us have 300m and are way smaller ) . 
  the other problem with russia is that stats say that its population will crash because the average life expectancy for men in russia is 50 something years, 
  this gulag thing is not true !, 
  and if you doubt it i will send you to siberia for you to see it for yourself, 
  the taxes are high because everybody tries to evade , everybody tries to evade because the taxes are high ... and the cicle continues . 
  of course there will always be people that evade taxes no matter how high they are, 
  so ... portugal/spain wc as it should be ? 
  too bad fifa is * corrupt, 
  it was just a hypothesis , he said only ukraine was in danger , but all countries in the `` russia sphere '' than may want to get out will get in trouble, 
  and belarus if they start thinking about getting closer to europe ... 
  well , in portugal we make `` burning water '' which is pretty much vodka, 
  90 % of the diamonds are synthetic , diamonds are basically worthless , the only reason the are still expensive is because people still pay big bucks for them ... 
  well , that artillery job , and has been proved before , ruins are as good a defense as fort walls . 
  [ and you can see in syria , guys that never had military experience shooting down tanks from the top of buildings ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2tls1sqml8 ), 
  they wont shove 12500 tanks down ukraines throat . 
  and dont forget that tanks are useless in cities so :p, 
  germany has the biggest population giving it more seats on the eu parliament , and since it has also the biggest economy it also contributes more to the development to the union giving it a sense of the dad giving money to the children and then checking if they are using it for drugs, 
  if they leave there is a good chance they end up with . l. 
  what do you expect ? 
  europe isnt ready for a trade war with russia , and germany energy depends highly on russia . 
  do you want a eurozone that is trying to get out of a deep recession got into other ? 
  i think germany and other eu countries should find alternatives to the russian energy and then cut the bonds with them . 
  as a portuguese , it sounds good . 
  `` sorry , we still have the old soviet maps , just neeed to update '', 
  i know , right now every galician must be more spanish than the old galician culture , but it would be nice to reunite the portuguese with their region and culture of origin .
