  meh , oliven\u00e7a doesnt matter , we dont need it and most of people are spanish either way so ... 
  unless oil is found there , in that case oliven\u00e7a is rightfully portuguese clay !, 
  portugal getting galicia from spain and never releasing cap verde . 
  why ? 
  their culture is equal to ours and their freedom movements are almost inexistent . 
  kinda hypocrite when gilbraltar isnt given to spain ( yes yes i know , shitstorm about they not wanting to be spanish , but you didnt care about a referedum when you occupied them ... ), 
  so , putin plans is to go there with 5,000 hostages ? 
  some ran to russia ... 
  i think i found the tldr :d below you will find short summaries of the following areas covered by the efta convention : \u2022 trade in goods \u2022 services and investment \u2022 land and air transport \u2022 intellectual property rights \u2022 government procurement \u2022 movement of persons , social security and mutual recognition of diplomas \u2022 technical barriers to trade \u2022 competition , public undertakings and monopolies , and state aid, 
  so , discriminalizing drugs worked ? 
  or people in portugal use more hardcore drugs ? 
  does it want to be independent ? 
  seen it , but i dont know the real advantages to join the efta . 
  do you have a speacial trade agreement or something else ? 
  france tried it , everyone ran away . 
  its in ireland it seems, 
  the efta you only get the rules and schegen area possibly , are there any other benefit from being in the efta ? 
  or the idiot king that started it . 
  it isnt a portuguese ship , the flag is from castille-leon, 
  well , that part were people dressed like aristocrats from the 19th century poking the bull is not my favorite either . 
  but the part where 1 man has to face a 600kilo beast with only some help behind me , i think its manly :p , the only affected ones are the human , but the horns are covered for protection . 
  edit : killing in the arena was banned in portugal . 
  no , care to explain please ? 
  or are they so good that makes you think they are bad ? 
  i dont know where you get that , you barely even see people talk about them, 
  ww1 and colonial wars ... 
  in portugal we like to play around with bulls like the spanish , [ but we dont run !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuu-p_6_pmw ) [ ok , here is some that went better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=di-dqhcsoki ) edit : [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forcado ), 
   that part of europe is n't quite what you might call peaceful and reasonable , so it fits in pretty well !, 
  calling peacefull and reasonable to the rest of europe ? 
  you dont know what happen before the eu do you ? 
  they took err jerbs ! ... 
  nevermind let them keep it, 
  what does that flag mean ? 
   the finns have some bad history with sweden for example . 
  thats why i asked :p btw i just noticed the text on your flair , and you also have some bad history with sweden , why be back ? 
  but in case europe was divided in districts , would they join a district with sweden and denmark if it wasnt called scandinavia ? 
  i thought that scandinavia represented all of the donger peninsula . 
  since it doesnt i will now call it donger peninsula what i used to think it was scandinavia, 
   luxembourg is a financial haven that only has like 25 people 20 of them are portuguese, 
  only 24th on life expectancy ? 
  did you removed the `` deleted '' countries from the list ? 
  in portugal , there are still people that lived during the period on the dictatorship where school wasnt obligatory , so there are alot of old people that cant read, 
  the metropolitan are make it bigger , not by much http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iberian_peninsula#major_urban_areas portuguese cities are minuscule in area , for example lisbon with only 500k inhabitants is the 3rd most dense city in europe, 
  i imagined that finland would be a part of scandinavia therefor so would be the sami, 
  it is the 3rd biggest metropolitan area , portuguese cities are minuscule and lisbon for example is the 3rd european city with the biggest population density with only 500k pop but the whole metropolitan are has 3milion inhabitants divided in various other cities, 
  nope , the top 4 is madrid , barcelona , lisbon and porto, 
  japan is the newest eu member in eastern europe, 
  putin is gon na invade vatican city , reunite both religions and make himself a saint !, 
  thats his plan all along !, 
  wait until crimea gets renamed to putingrad, 
  to the union of islands where nobody lives but still is consider a contry and has a 1 % tax base, 
  lisbon is alot older , it was founded as a trade port to northern europe way before the romans even got to the iberian penisula . 
  i actually think we could try something [ like russia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_districts_of_russia ) . 
  we divide countries in districts that share the same culture bonds like scandinavia or latin southern europe etc , like the russias have districts to separate they 're states because the country is too damm big . 
  we could federalize those districts first to make a softer transition . 
  say that to people from oporto also , 4th biggest city in iberia without a connection ... 
  nein , mutty isnt that mean, 
  parece-se muito com o italiano :p it looks like italian , surprising that i could understand quite alot of it , although the last part looks wrong , i said i couldnt understand french even with 3 years of school wasted on it , its the latin language that i have the hardest time with, 
  i just imagined a eu4 war declaration screen with the cb being reconquest of skane !, 
  someone should do a map of europe of the countries put together by alphabetical order , because i am always awaiting portugal to appear after poland that they almost become our neighbor, 
  i was actually amazed that portugal had none , we always had a communist party that is the 3rd or 4th most voted party on elections and they have some leaders that some people look at them like heroes . 
  i dont know , last elections there were protest against putin because people believed that the elections were controlled by him, 
  the assault on brasilian colonies and others started early right ? 
  the croatian city walls i think is the `` kings landing '' from got, 
   technically , since the netherlands was at war with spain , through the iberian union they were automatically at war with portugal as well . 
  i dont know , portugal was a autonomous part of spain , only around 1600 that portugal was integrated by spain , until then portugal conducted its own diplomacy and trade . 
  italy is basically divided in 2 regions , the rich on the north with the heavy industry and companies , and the region that was controlled by spain south of rome which is kinda poor . 
  i didnt want to imply that the voc was directly stolen but everything you used to do it was stolen from the portuguese , the maps , the navigation , the colonies and the infrastructure built on it , and all of this without even declaring war ... 
  i am not bitter but the horde of people that doenst like the truth seems to be ... 
  but everything you used to do it was stolen , the maps and the path to india were stolen and the cities and colonies you used to do it were also stolen, 
   when the voc , or united east-inda company was founded stolen *, 
  you only shared because portugal got a shit ton of awards :p confess it, 
  weird i though artillery guns used shorter and wider barrels barrels for bigger he shells , i though that the length was to give the bullet more mussel velocity which should increase the penetration ( i got it from the panther gun where the made it longer than the tiger but with a lower caliber but it actually had more penetration ) . 
  isnt the towed gun a long anti-tank gun ? 
  you can make emp from nukes , but you can make a bomb the non nuclear emp . 
  if you disable the satellites they cant guide the missels , but yeah nuking russia would end in a nuclear armageddon, 
  i was talking about the intercontinental and long range missiles which can be disabled with emp or taking down the satellites . 
  although a emp would disable a submarine too i imagine, 
  do you mean chocolate ? 
  tell that to s&p : http://www.publico.pt/economia/noticia/portugal-rescinde-contrato-com-standard--poors-1622546 those agencies created the crises by trying to make a profit and then they tried to make the same with portugal by decreasing the rating to trash which made the interest huge . 
  and this was when the agency changed the rating to stable . 
  i am only scared of the nukes , which can be disabled with emp 's , russia army isnt impressive, 
  wait until you see poland blow up in the charts ... 
  noone cares about those rating agencies in portugal anymore , even the government is suspending contracts with most of them after what they made to us ... 
  spain and portugal must be the 2 only countries in eu that receive the gas from algeria instead of russia so i dont know why would they oppose it, 
  sorry , portugal/spain lost to russia due to bribes , if its going to change it should be to us !, 
  its french !, 
  why would you call something in iberia in french ? 
  lusitania would be better ... 
  atleast it isnt finisterre , like wtf is even that ? 
  i see mercedes taxis with 20 years and still working ok , those cars dont die or get outdated, 
  obama didnt threaten but there was a big part of the us ( the companies that sell weapons to the us army basically ) that wanted a intervention on syria but instead of outright denying the invasion obama used it to push syria to get ride of the chemical weapons ( btw just because you dont understand it doesnt mean you have to downvote it - . - ' ), 
  the president isnt bush anymore , and i consider obama to be smarter , just look at the way he dealt with syria , he threatened a invasion to make putin force the regime into what he want them to make . 
  alaska will be integrated into the russian ~ ~ empire ~ ~ federation when the 2 russians living there vote yes in a referendum , until then we have to wait ... 
  i dont know if travelling virtually in countryside roads affects the privacy, 
  brasilian pt isnt a european language ... just saying . . 
  are the ukranian reserves being called ? 
  stole it from spain ... which they stole from france, 
  why is your flag upside down ?
