  yes when its the government that has to pay for your mistakes , literally, 
   i do n't know for sure , but this was probably done because we were running out of plate codes . 
  you are right , the next its going to be letter letter - number number - letter letter, 
   tax revenue for the state , less police spending on drug enforcement , less strain on the prison system . 
  more spending on health , less productivity . 
  as we say here in portugal not 8 nor 80 . 
  basically a prescription drug to become legal has to have more advantages than disadvantages . 
  for example morphine is a really hardcore drug but its used in hospitals as a painkiller in extreme cases and its an illegal drug . 
  most of illegal drugs have too many disadvantages and no advantage , or simply there is a prescription drug that outperforms it while having less disadvantages . 
   seriously though is 17 . 
  3 too much ? 
  when is something ilegal that only a few % of the population is doing , yes . 
  1 % of our population was a heroin addict , that why the state decided to decriminalize drugs , it was either that or putting 1 % of the population in jail, 
   mplying that the clunky ukrainian army is able to stop an offensive if the russian army is that good , why havent they reached mariupol yet ? 
  2014 , portugal is now a 13 %, 
  there is also manchurian in the north, 
   yea but is n't this the 2013 list ? 
  oh  edit : also , dude , it 's late you should be sleeping . 
  did you saw the news last month ? 
  maybe he was born in canadian quebec, 
  whats up with scandinavia and justin bibier ? 
  smoking too much ? 
  how can germany have the lowest in the world if we have the lowest in europe ? 
  funny and related , during the beginning of the 2008 crisis when employment was growing by the thousands , portugal actually had a small increase in births due to people having more spare time . 
  since the nederlands banned fracking . 
  old values catholic , like 14th century values, 
  it wasnt the pope . 
  isnt the basque country a bit too populated for fracking ? 
  i would send a message to d.sebastiao who died with out a heir sending us into 40 years of spanish rule : `` dear retard , pls stop trying to face the ottomans , just focus on colonizing brazil and the spice trade and expand the colonies in africa . 
  ps : fucking hump the damm queen you queer '', 
  at least its easy, 
  `` stop the dutch guy from getting the map , its going to fuck us over '', 
  where is slovenia ? 
  [ all the % ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_cochin_%281504%29 ), 
   fake language and finnish most ... resist ... the urge ... isnt that the same thing ? 
   i wonder how long until people start posting on why this system should not exist and how very bad it is ( as every thread that has mentioned estonia 's online voting . 
  online and electronic shouldnt even be considered . 
  its just way too easy for a party to leave their mark on the software and rig every election without being detected, 
   estonia has had online elections for 10 years without issue are you sure ? 
  what stops a party to bribe the company that developed the software to make a backdoor to assure their elections ? 
  no , its a lot worst . 
  there is no source because this is the fathers testimony which is probably false ( btw he linked to you the least reputable portuguese jornal ) . 
  the police testimony says that he spit on him and insulted before he took action . 
  non confirmed only a lot of people trying to make fuss and presumptions about it . 
   kid gets shot in the ghettos , too . 
  portuguese police hasnt take a shot since 2013 , you are overblowing one event, 
  the guy spit in his face and insulted him ( suspected ) . 
   crisis we are technically out of that so you should change that for high unemployment and debt, 
  its funny , from all the people that come to this sub , only the one that never met or live in areas with immigrants complain about them . 
  we have to pay people to breed now , if we made them get licences people just wouldnt care . 
  in portugal all the older houses and the houses which the owners make a `` gentle donation '' are built on the road to you basically have to walk in the tarmac in a lot of places . 
  all 2 meters of it are amazing !, 
  now you are just fucking with us , why with every graph we are always under the eu average by a few points ? 
   google maps says the distance between portugal and germany is + -230 km . 
  i think its around 1500km +, 
  how about you relocate your solar panels here and we will take care of them and sell the energy to you for a smaller price ? 
  ( energy union dream ), 
  i like this one better . 
  just took a quick look at the meningitis vaccine bexsero for type b as an example . 
  it is said that it is the only way to prevent meningitis for type b , and its not on the vaccination plan . 
  why ? 
  it was only approved by the eu in 2013 and by the [ spp in 2014 ] ( http://diariodigital.sapo.pt/news.asp?id_news=736792 ) , in some years this vaccine might be in the plan but it isnt now because its new . 
  and probably all the other vaccines that you referred at the time didnt exist or were pending approval to be used . 
  those are also the vaccines that are considered important , the rest are optional because they are rare or in-existent in portugal . 
  vaccines are 100 % free , last year i took tetanus vaccine and it was 100 % free , you dont even pay the moderation rate, 
   just in vaccines we already spent around 800eur to both and still have to spend 400 more for the meningitis type c vaccines you dont live in portugal , for sure , either that or you are saying bullshit, 
   ca n't expect people to have kids they ca n't afford . 
  this problem is way older than the crisis , dont try to blame everything on it, 
   we have those kind of ` peacekeepers ' in our country , yet nothing is done about them . 
  but you can easily get ride of them , georgia couldnt, 
  what `` scares '' me the most about spain was the number of young people that left school to work on the housing buble and now have no education nor job , it was so bad that there are people in portugal affected by it, 
  there is more to technology than cellphones ... 
  you had a bailout to prevent bad things from happening , greece and portugal had a bailout because they were almost bankrupt, 
  if there werent common fisheries policy it could be even smaller . . 
   the vast majority of migrants are young males no they arent . 
   invincible red army myth i dont think that myth ever existed , the allies even though that the red army was inferior before the war thanks to the purges and didnt respect it . 
   yea the guy was waaay to controlly with stuff that he did n't understand !, 
  people underestimate how dumb he was , and cocky , he did a lot of stuff by assumptions like not supplying the eastern front with decent clothing , fucking around in the balkans losing 8 weeks , fucking around in ukrain because he needed more people to starve , not destroying the soviet factories and letting them move them behind the urals because he `` needed them to defeat the usa '' and my absolute favorite , germany was actually the last country to fully mobilize , they mobilized after the usa !, 
  is being afraid not wanting people to die on our shores ? 
  fuck the rich , marry the rich , kill the rich , dont repeat . 
  isnt that a family guy episode ? 
  i also dont like the torturing part but i quite enjoy `` forcados '' which is a bunch of guys trying to immobilize the bull with their bare hands : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuu-p_6_pmw, 
  might just be ignorant people , there are a lot of people around europe that cant read so this doesnt surprise me at all, 
  and in case of a greek default the portuguese economy will be the most affect one , so yeah , no wonder why other governments are so hostile to them . 
   they left you escape . 
  sure , the war that followed and the battles were all roleplay . 
  and that was only of the wars ... 
  and we arent part of you because your country is too incompetent to beat its 4x smaller neighbor in a war . 
   so why ca n't turkey and move on ? 
  they have to pay large reparations . 
  galician is heavily influenced by castillian spanish , while portuguese evolved from galician independently, 
   galician thats not a language , its a dialect . 
   if you 'd learn how to read back 8 primary school you 'd have understood yep , point made, 
   i never thought that the day would come on which i completely agree with tony abbott , but he 's definitely right on this issue . 
  better let them drown in the ocean and never think about them that actually come up with a good solution , yep couldnt be more effective . 
  spanish budget is actually quite small its around 1 % of their gdp, 
  we dont want it back , its spanish now , the only thing we want is that they keep [ their flag ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fd/flag_ceuta.svg/250px-flag_ceuta.svg.png ) so we arent forgetten, 
  was part of the peace treaty for our independence from spain , they kept ceuta we got our independence . 
  during the roman empire ceuta and tangiers was part of hispania province so they have a older claim to it . 
  if anyone has a resonable claim is portugal which controlled it before the spanish .
