  and you think that would have no economic implication what so ever on the uk ? 
  if this is what the uk wants then this is the route they should take instead of considering an exit . 
  however this route will be very unpopular with other european leaders so some kind of compromise will have to be made . 
  the financial crisis has the potential to spread to every single european country except for the ultra rich ones like norway , switzerland and luxembourg . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  fear is the start of an unstable market and ireland is very close to the uk . 
  the uk did the right thing by bailing out ireland asap . 
  grammar edit . 
  fair enough . 
  i still think that the uk should also lead europe . 
  at the end of the day all european countries will have to compromise and the uk should lead more . 
  if the uk stops talking about exiting the union then i would have a lot more faith in david cameron than hollande or monti . 
  the other way around . 
  i asked if ireland 's largest trading partner was the uk . 
  more european nations are closing their borders to immigration , just look at other scandinavian countries . 
  did n't the dutch also close their borders ? 
  were n't the french and the italians were desperate for closing their borders during the war in libya ? 
  at least in sweden we do n't ban religious clothing . 
  also most western european countries were former colonial powers and many of their immigrants come from there . 
  where some countries feel obligated . 
  while immigration to sweden came from yugoslav countries and more recently from middle eastern countries . 
  britain is considering to exit the union . 
  we are n't . 
  in fact i personally believe our government should cooperate more with the eu than we are now . 
  the swedish people voted no to the euro . 
  since referendums are n't binding in sweden the government could 've gone against it signed the treaty anyways . 
  iirc there would 've been enough support for it in parliament . 
  if the social democrat government would 've signed the treaty anyways then they would n't have had any chance in the election in 2006 . 
  this is the only reason why the swedish government has a relatively euroskeptical position in the eu , because of silly domestic politics . 
  however we 're against the tobin tax because it has only caused problems in sweden in the past . 
  the swedish government is convinced that it will fail again if it implemented . 
  half of europe was n't there . 
  and we had fighter jets there . 
  we accept tons of refugees every year . 
  swedish people do n't want to go to war . 
  there are tyrants and dictators all over the world . 
  yet we do n't invade all those nations . 
  fair enough, 
  i 'm not here to debate on immigration or not . 
  i 'm just saying that you ca n't blame people for migrating to western european countries . 
  you 've obviously made your mind up about the euro . 
  even if the euro is an `` infernal machine '' there has to be an effort done to stop the crisis from spreading even more . 
  what countries are next ? 
  france ? 
  rest of eastern europe ? 
  maybe even the uk ? 
  right now it does n't matter if the euro was a horrible idea or an `` infernal machine '' . 
  the priority should be stop the crisis . 
  once the crisis is stopped then it 's time to debate whether the euro is needed or not needed or desirable or not desirable . 
  it 's unfortunate that the uk may leave the eu when unity is needed the most . 
  i 'm glad that the uk vetoed the tobin tax . 
  it 's a huge unnecessary risk which has a high probability of failing like it did in the 80 's . 
  obviously the uk wanted to bail ireland out asap . 
  is n't the uk ireland 's largest trading partner ? 
  if ireland would have collapsed even more would n't the crisis have spread to the uk ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  look at how much % of your gdp in indebted . 
  sweden does n't need a large military anymore . 
  the red threat is gone and we have no interesting in leading and declaring wars . 
  we do n't need to have the fourth largest air force in the world anymore . 
  we unlike other european countries were also in libya . 
  why ? 
  because we were asked by nato . 
  there was no reason for us to go to libya and it was an unpopular decision . 
  it was none of our business . 
  if you look at the eu budget spending per capita then you will see that denmark is spending more than three times as much as the uk . 
  finland is spending almost twice as much the uk per capita . 
  sweden is not very far behind the uk . 
  however i agree that the eu budget should be more fair than what it is now . 
  the only reason our government is showing eu skepticism is because many swedish people are eu skeptic . 
  if any type of government would make us enter the euro then that government will lose the next election and possibly not be elected again for a very long time . 
  if the population would have been indifferent we would have joined the euro a long time ago ( for the better or the worse ) . 
  the financial crisis started in the us . 
  southern european countries were a lot more economically unstable than what was thought . 
  if there was no euro then all the southern countries would devalue their currency like crazy and print money . 
  how much better would that have been ? 
  the euro is stable in stable countries like the netherlands and austria . 
  in the newspapers i read and on the tv i 've seen merkel and sarkozy together a lot more often than cameron with any other eu leader . 
  unfortunately a socialist is leading france now and it is unknown if he is capable of leading europe with merkel ( and hopefully cameron if they decide to actually stay in the union ) or not . 
  why would i ever suck your balls ? 
  in fact you should go home and be more concerned about sucking scotland 's balls so they do n't secede . 
  how humiliating . 
  this is exactly my point . 
  nobody can deny that the eu has its problems . 
  for example the many powers and political decisions the european commission has should be transferred to the european parliament . 
  an entity which is elected by the people 's of europe , if people decide not to vote then that 's unfortunately their problem . 
  i believe that the problems with the eu can only be fixed if the countries collaborate more instead of pointing fingers at each other . 
  the immigrants have a worse quality of life than the rich . 
  it means a lot more to an immigrant to live in a developed country where he can give his ( potential ) family a good life than the multimillionaire having 100,000 more euros than he otherwise would . 
  it 's in the uk 's interest to have a functioning europe . 
  the uk is one of the largest ** member of the eu ** and they 're acting like everything is wrong with the union . 
  instead of being passive they should be active to make it work . 
  if they do n't want to help and keep whining then they should exit the union and do whatever they want . 
  this is why it 's the uk 's `` duty '' to help . 
  100 years ago the uk was a superpower and wanted to lead the world . 
  what has happened ? 
  i know how pro-immigration and anti-immigration sentiments work . 
  i was just saying that you ca n't blame them for wanting to migrate , which many people do . 
  you ca n't blame them . 
  if sweden was poor , underdeveloped and corrupt i 'd also move to another country .
