  it 's also irrelevant because i 've seen xenophobic comments from people from all over europe ( including countries which accept very few syrians and refugees in general ) on reddit . 
  it 's literally impossible to be a moderate in this question . 
  take a look at some of the comments in this thread calling these people vermin and spit . 
  how can you tell him that he 's misunderstanding ? 
  so if he believes about as much as a regular jew would you 'd not really accept him in society , even if he was born in your country before you ? 
  stop hating things , people or inanimate objects . 
  it 's unhealthy . 
  what case ? 
  there is no case . 
  you ca n't justify hating people because of a book . 
  you 're the one who is generalising because you just said you hate them . 
  stop being a shutin and get out and get to know people . 
  i 'm not sure where you are comimg at . 
  from experiences in real life they 're not particularly different from everyone else . 
  your argument that you ca n't generalise people like that is flawed . 
  you can say there are white people who are neo-nazi . 
  some , like yourself , want to recolonize africa and bomb the middle east . 
  the vast majority obviously do n't want these things but a bad upbringing may cause them to be skinheads and have these outdated ideas instead of embracing post-ww2 european ideals such as to avoid wars and embrace democracy ( very much unlike your political ideology as you 've written in your self post ) . 
  here 's my advice for you : more often than not you should n't judge people before you get to know them . 
  release yourself from the hate you harbour hundreds of millions of people you do n't know . 
  i 've not read the qu ` ran . 
  i 've not read the bible or the torah either . 
  you can probably find verses in either texts to try to justify yourself to hate muslims , jews or christians . 
   would you call japan or south korea racist ? 
  not sure if you 're trolling, 
  because it is irrational . 
  have you ever socialized with a muslim ? 
  they 're just like everyone else . 
  i ca n't believe that you just said you hate them in a thread where you 're trying to convince people to vote for your hypothetical party . 
  no matter how good or bad your ideas are you wo n't ever get elected if you say those things . 
  if this was a televised debate you would have just ended your career in this instant . 
  you should completely scrap that idea . 
  whoever controls that watch dog organization has a great influence over them . 
  if you ( or say your successor ) were to gain control over this organization then you 'd also be able to control your own party members if they happen to disagree . 
  a secondary check ? 
  it 's pointless to have a court if an organization controlled by the government can overrule it . 
  ianal but it 's already possible to appeal a ruling so a superior court may decide to take the case . 
  no you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  you want to halt immigration for more than half of all muslims in the world . 
  you 're creating an opportunity to control your opposition with a `` democracy safekeeping '' group . 
  ( fascism ) 3 . 
  you want to control the courts . 
  ( fascism ), 
  never . 
  too authoritarian , too warmongering/militaristic , you seem to lack medical knowledge , nonexisting economic policy , too xenophobic/islamophobic/antisemitic , anti-royalist , too colonialist ... 
  i do n't want to insult you but you should critically re-analyze your political position because in my opinion ( and surely by at least a few others ) you 're a borderline fascist . 
  you do n't have to do anything . 
  nobody is stopping you from drinking tea , eating fish and chips and making dry sarcastic jokes . 
  generally you can take notes much faster ; useful if you 're going to uni . 
  let 's just join nato already . 
  both of us, 
   a lot of fascists would like to start their own country tho , isnt that helping them ? 
  they can have liberland, 
  i hate to break it to you but you ca n't reason with these types of people, 
  2 year old video . 
  has this been addressed yet ? 
  why would one pay water bills in the uk if this is true ? 
  would n't consumption decrease over time ? 
  would n't it be problematic if there are n't enough young people paying taxes in order to support an aging population ? 
  you know it 's possible to be against any kind of gang activity without being racist ? 
  the larger eu countries do have `` functioning militaries '' . 
  just because we ca n't project insane amounts of force to the other side of the globe does n't mean they are n't functional . 
  the uk , france and germany alone spend more than twice as much as russia does on its military . 
  many of the smaller countries such as estonia will never be able to properly defend themselves against russia regardless of how much they spend . 
  my country is also similar in that aspect . 
  in the cold war my country 's plan was to be able to hold off the ussr for 1 week before reinforcements arrived and this is when we spent more and still had conscription . 
  just because they are n't like the golden dawn or jobbik does n't mean that they 're not far-right . 
  cities such as ? 
  the problem is that we are n't building enough homes . 
  if we are going to accept many asylum seekers from syria then we will hopefully be forced to build since the government do n't really care about students . 
  i love how foreigners on the internet keep telling us how our country is being run and is like . 
  this is what the far-right has always said . 
  it 's still not happened and i doubt it will happen . 
  the recent surge of syrian immigrants is because of the war which will end and/or stricter policies will be enacted . 
  you linked a cod website . . 
  yeah but he still does n't look white . 
  he just does n't look black . 
  you ca n't say that they lightened his skin so he looks middle eastern in order to stimulate acceptance and to combat racism . 
  swedish people are whiter than the pixelated people in your picture . 
  it 's definitely not the kind of nightmare which reddit thinks it is . 
  my highschool was at least 1/3 foreign and the worst which happened during the time i was there that people pressed the fire alarm about 6 times in the month before graduation . 
  i honestly hope that this spur of syrian asylum seekers will stimulate a massive growth in housing which students can also use . . 
  they pixelated versions look middle eastern or arab . . 
  it 's probably to protect their anonymity . 
  swedish youth go to norway for a year or two because salaries are for menial jobs are much higher . . life must be hard with all that oil money !, 
  do n't believe everything you read on the internet . . 
  if you do a quick google search you 'll learn that 50-80 % of all rape is n't reported . 
  these kinds of stats are meaningless when so much is n't reported and that legislation differs from country to country . 
  no , not right now . 
  who knows in 20 years . 
  the problem with referendums in such matters is that if it fails it may happen again in 10-30 years . 
  one might think that that is n't very frequent but it would certainly jeopardize the european project if every country were to follow a similar path . 
  then the they better be bad at darts because if they are n't they 'll hit the central african republic every time . 
  like the other guy said , the volume of refugees/immigrants from the third world is very high . 
  do you expect italian border guards to figure out how local arabic/french/english accents sound like for each african and middle eastern country ? 
  if the person does n't say where they 're from and has thrown away the passport then there is n't a reliable way to know where to send the person back to . 
  border guards are obviously not useless but they 're also human and have their limitations . 
  i do n't think european border guards will know how every french accent sounds like , especially ones which are n't from france or belgium . 
  for all we know there can be multiple french accents in the same african country . 
  there 's over 50 countries in africa .
