  with that reasoning you could say hitler was n't a racist which obviously is not true . 
  you are a xenophobe , you admitted it . 
   p.s. 
  sticking your head in the sand and furiously downvoting me wo n't help , sorry . 
  [ p.s. 
  do n't lecture me about my country . 
  mind your own business . 
  you throw these people into jail . 
  like any other person who would steal from drunk people . 
  you seem to be able to tell a lot of the future . 
  / s what if i told you that you have nothing which supports your dystopian future view of europe . 
   going to stop you there , those figures are bounded around a lot , but the vast majority of cctv in the uk is private . 
  does the government have access to these ? 
   also , to be fair , i expect western converts would be expelled too . 
  converts ? 
  so you 're against freedom of religion ? 
  these are tactics to scare people into making irrational decisions and having irrational opinions . 
  every time we give up a freedom the people who hate it win . 
  are you seriously suggesting that the government should gain more power to decide who is western and who is not ? 
  the government especially in the uk needs less power . 
  there are already cctv cameras everywhere as far as i have understood . 
  i 'm not going to let these people scare me and i do n't want any new policies to help `` preserving western civilisation '' . 
  what if they do n't have any other citizenship ? 
  this is going against the universal declaration of human rights and the convention on the reduction of statelessness which the uk has signed and ratified . 
  the israel-palestine conflict is very complex . 
  both sides are at fault . 
  what 's difficult about criticizing israel is that the antisemite will say the exact same thing as the person who criticizing israel 's actions . 
  obviously !, 
  what if they are born in the uk ? 
  no link to the actual article ? 
  i do n't mind if it 's in german because i understand it . 
  i took the parent comment and changed it in paint :p i do n't know if there are any other ones which are made by others, 
  that 's a better way to add new genes to the gene pool than shagging sheeps !, 
  what ? 
  better than bestiality !, 
  do you have a collection of these ? 
  you must be seriously obsessed about hating sweden and muslims if you do . 
  i do n't think it makes it to the international news . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40f1bowhzys http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hcwfdbz9uq, 
  look at the second most thumbed up comment . 
  it gives me nightmares , let me go back to my muslim marxist autistic boyfriend to make myself sane again . 
  central europe . 
  the iron curtain destroyed that concept . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  i think brussels is fine . 
  i do n't hear criticism about belgium . 
  only about brussels when they make an unpopular decision . 
  i do n't think a new city would improve the situation a lot . 
  imagine if the current eu capital would be london , frankfurt or paris . 
  it would be a disaster because then everybody would think that the english , german or the french are controlling them . 
  should have waited for gripen ng :(, 
  are there results that show that male only schools perform better than males in normal schools ? 
  [ why not ? 
  the eu is not a military alliance . 
  the correct question is if nato should intervene in mali . 
  friatider ca n't be taken as a serious news source . 
  it is by nationalists for nationalists . 
  in my opinion it is almost at the level of being a blog disguised as a newspaper . 
  please use svd or dn as a reliable news source . 
  part 2  generally the nazis are not the ones causing any violence at all in denmark . 
  their peaceful protests are often attacked and opposed by anarchists however , so they get violent as a result . 
  and must i absolutely stress that i do not by default find muslims violent ? 
  where do you get this absurd idea from ? 
  seriously half your perceptions about me seems to be magically spun from the air to suit your - wrong by the way - narrative of me as some sort of racist bigot . 
  now , the extremely obvious point that was made is that a believer is easier for an extremist to turn into another extremist . 
  get it ? 
  faith is a gateway to madness . 
  and please , do n't bring up christianity . 
  there is 500 years of moderation between that and islam , and even then christianity is obviously still harmful . 
  just not as much . 
  islam is in its ` witch hunt ' stage . 
  remember those lovely religious wars all across europe when the catholic church splintered ? 
  the crusades ? 
  yeah , many segments of islam still think we are back there . 
  some christian segments certainly do too . 
  the fact that you demand assimilation makes you seem racist because you do n't seem to be able to tolerate any other culture than your own in denmark . 
  you somehow think that different cultures are a threat to the stability of denmark . 
  you never mention the good in foreign cultures in denmark . 
  you have hardly said anything good about immigrants . 
  breivik was an atheist ( even if he sees himself as a `` cultural christian '' ) yet he committed that atrocity . 
  there have been so many mad people which have no relation to religion like stalin and mao . 
  any person who sympathies with the left are susceptible to communism which can lead to violent communism . 
  any nationalist is susceptible to extremist and hate towards minorities which can lead to violence ( especially in situations where separatism is very strong ) . 
  many times these people are atheists , especially the former . 
  the fact that you say that faith ( especially islam i suspect ) is a gateway to madness is not very relevant considering there are so many other ways a person can be an extremist . 
  the middle east is not in some type of crusade era . 
  they have n't declared war on us . 
  they do n't care about land in europe . 
  many of them see israel as a holy land however this is a completely different question and the situation is extremely complicated . 
  the majority has many times been involved in `` witch hunts '' . 
  it still happens today where many innocent christians are killed in muslim countries ( a big reason we should accept refugees ) . 
  extremism and hate leads to these types of `` witch hunts '' . 
  in my opinion the most important message in religion is love . 
  these people use religion as a tool to justify the killing of minorities . 
  religious wars in europe were also political wars . 
  you ca n't deny that religion and politics in the past have gone hand in hand . 
  the catholic church did not want to lose influence over northern europe which become protestant . 
  this is what many ( but not all ) religious wars are about . 
   is that a reason to invite in more , or at least not try to combat extremism ? 
  people are dying and getting tortured .
