  you can have immigration and combat extremism . 
  they are not mutually exclusive as nationalists like to think . 
  as i said earlier education and tolerance is the key . 
   in the end cultural differences really do matter . 
  it takes a lot longer for assimilation to happen if the parents can not help , and it certainly does not help if the family has been forced into a ghetto due to a lack of assimilation of the parents in the first place . 
  by simply churning people through an integration without bothering to have them assimilate into society you are setting them up to fail . 
  you are not actually giving them a chance in hell to make a better life for themselves . 
  because culture does matter and it will always matter . 
  that 's reality . 
  poverty forces immigrants to the ghettos . 
  with better integration , not assimilation politics we can combat this . 
  the children go to danish schools , they learn danish , they meet danish people . 
  the children many times have little to no connection to the country of their parents are from . 
  they are automatically assimilated . 
  the older they get and the better educated they get the faster they can leave the ghetto , like moving to student housing . 
  as long as university is free poor people can attend and possibly improve their lives long term . 
  the key is to combat poverty . 
  i have no doubts that poor danes who live in poor areas are more likely to commit crimes than the middle or high class even if they are from the same culture . 
   and how are they supposed to live normally like everybody else without any kind of assimilation into society ? 
  you 're just setting them up to fail . 
  you expect assimilation . 
  it 's the danish way or the highway . 
  if they are integrated they function like everybody else . 
  maybe they do n't celebrate christmas and maybe they celebrate ramadan instead , but that is not a problem and it is their business . 
  as i said earlier their children will assimilate because they will see themselves as danish or part danish . 
  also it is not unlikely that assimilation will happen partially on its own because they are exposed to new culture . 
  this is assuming they have been integrated . 
   and . . ? 
  you seem to be missing a point there . 
  you do n't understand my point . 
  many countries are indebted to help people from ex-colonies . 
  there is a chance that they could have lead a normal life if there never was any western interference . 
  maybe sweden and denmark not so much but the fact that europe in whole got wealthier was n't a disadvantage to us regarding trade . 
   so they are seeking asylum , and otherwise being too cowardly to resist . 
  if you were face torture or death then it is not cowardly to run away . 
  you ca n't resist something like this on your own . 
   and i have no sympathy for these people . 
  look they 're allowed to be here if they play by our rules and conform . 
  i do n't let strangers into my home without expecting them to obey my rules and conform to the household either . 
  denmark - as a nation - is not a charity , and think that is something you forget . 
  it is a household . 
  assimilation should n't be a requirement . 
  integration and functioning in society must happen . 
  the analogy of letting strangers in your home is bad . 
  you ca n't say you own an entire country like you own your house . 
  rich countries should help people who flee for their lives . 
  i could never look into the eye of a person telling them they have to go home to their country to be tortured . 
  in sweden a requirement of not being rejected is that the person ca n't be sent back to a country where they will be tortured or killed . 
  -----------------------------------------  anyway . 
  i am going to back out of this discussion , i do n't think we 'll get anywhere and it is a waste of time . 
  of course not . 
  we are completely the opposite . 
  you are conservative and authoritarian and i am very liberal . 
  part 1  so ? 
  does that mean we should accept the bad from immigrants ? 
  absolutely not . 
  but a lot of it is good culture or different culture . 
  much of the `` bad culture '' is against the law ( underage weddings , hate speech , multiple marriages , forced or set up marriages ) . 
  culture can be so many things like different holidays , different traditions , different foods and different habits which not necessarily is good or bad . 
   learning the indigenous language is a part of assimilation and the fact it is important does not make it any less so . 
  it 's part of living in a different country . 
  so yes it 's part of both integration and assimilation . 
  it 's not very relevant to this topic . 
  understanding the language is important to be able to function in society . 
   the complete lack of proper assimilation has only made the ghetto problem grow . 
  the moment you create a ghetto you also have to spend resources to mend it . 
  i see poverty as a big part of the problem in ghettos . 
  it 's not necessarily only bad integration policies . 
  i know that many immigrants live normal lives in good areas . 
   because citizenship is important and thinking that it is not in a discussion of immigration is frankly silly . 
  why ? 
  is it wrong to not want to be a citizen ? 
  as long as the person lives a normal and healthy live and contributing to society i see nothing wrong with it . 
   the reason i do n't bring up data is because the information you request is trivial and only requires some searching . 
  if you are uninformed , with the internet , it is only your own fault . 
  yes poverty is a part of it , yes unemployment is partly the cause of that , and guess what is the cause of unemployment ? 
  guess what cause people to band together in ghettoes ? 
  use that brain evolution gave you . 
  it 's very cheap living in ghettos . 
  that 's one reason many immigrants live there . 
  if they could afford living in a nice area then they would . 
  many of them come here with nothing . 
  possibly an education which is not valid in sweden or denmark . 
  do you think they enjoy being surrounded by crime and poverty ? 
  would you want to live in a danish area filled with poverty or crime or live in a different area which has little to no crime ? 
  use your brain . 
   you 're just repeating what you already said . 
  as i said : that is not a quality worthy of praise . 
  that is simple duty . 
  a quality worthy of scorn would be the opposite of what you wrote and a quality worthy of praise is assimilation . 
  in other words what you wrote is not really a quality , it is the standard . 
  what you are expected to do . 
  of course this is what is expected . 
  i do n't really expect anything more . 
  i frankly do n't care if they do more . 
  they can help our society by replacing the people who are leaving denmark and sweden . 
  especially if they are young . 
  it is conforming to a new culture . 
  it does not necessitate a complete destruction of identity as you profess . 
  we disagree on this .
