  do you suggest picking a random one ? 
  you ca n't send a person back because of an estimation . 
  arabic is spoken in so many nations and sunni islam is much more popular than shia . 
  just like the rest of the world there are some places in the me and africa which are better to live in than others . 
  how can one ensure that the person is sent back to their actual country rather than a country which is better off ( ex . 
  not syria ) ? 
  sweden : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj-tutqgqb0, 
  how north up are you ? 
  it 's a misconception that being right-wing necessarily means being pro-capitalism when one also has conservative , authoritarian , or nationalistic policies or ideology . 
  especially since economy is something which is less important for these kinds of parties than questions such as immigration . 
  many center-right parties in europe have relatively recently become more lax/moderate on certain social issues but remain conservative in economic ones . 
  these parties are still described as center-right because economic policies are more important than social ones for them which is why some of them are open to cooperate with far-right populists since both parties do n't mind giving up their less important policies in order to stay in government . 
  what else would it be ? 
  eastern like china ? 
  television events and holidays go hand in hand . 
  the reasons we celebrate them is because we 've celebrated them for a long time and because it 's a day off work or school . 
  also sweden does n't have a state church any longer and the other scandinavian countries will sooner or later follow . 
  that our royal families are by law protestant is because of ancient politics ( not to be controlled by rome ) and not because of culture . 
  that they have to marry another protestant is just an ancient relic from that time . 
  we 're not really bound by a religion anymore since there are many christian countries which are very different from our 's and our people are largely agnostic and atheist . 
  what does it mean to be culturally christian ? 
  we have some holidays which are christian but are only celebrated because we 've always celebrated them . 
  i 'm sure we have more similarities with bosnian or albanian muslims than with christians in africa . 
  are you sure you want this ? 
  you 're basically asking for assembling the jet engine backwards !, 
  i do n't mind at all . 
  as long as somebody buys the planes lol, 
  gripen pls . 
  it comes with a free ikea furniture of your choice . 
  flamenco ? 
  i heard filipstad is a pretty shitty place to live in . . 
  but if i were to unleash my inner stockholm i 'd say g\u00f6teborg . 
  they must have found our secret agents in [ gammalsvenskby !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gammalsvenskby ), 
  they do n't want foreigners to settle in the first place . 
  but in this case there is a spouse who is sponsoring . 
  you 're saying that the uk should have laws so naive people like your friend do n't get taken advantage of ? 
  so you think i should only reply to one person ? 
  why ca n't you respect different people 's opinions ? 
  why should i not to be allowed to express myself on a european subreddit ? 
  should only brits comment on articles regarding the uk and the french the ones regarding france ? 
  fyi the uk is already more multicultural than sweden . 
  it 's made up of four countries with their own culture , has lots of immigrants from ex-colonial countries and continental europe . 
  yes i 'm joking . 
  it 's completely impossible to move to a country without knowing the language . 
  it has never been done before . 
  it 's also completely impossible to learn the language in the country one 's living in . 
  why ? 
  because it restricts family reunification . 
  that alone is a good enough reason to be against it . 
  if your spouse gets a job in poland , would you not want to move immediately with them ? 
  you might not know years in advance that you 're moving . 
  i think it 's good to know but i do n't think it should be policy . 
  you have a spouse who is sponsoring you who you can ask for help . 
  consulate/embassies exist . 
  it 's like you think people have never moved to a different country and learned the language before . 
  you 're not answering my question . 
  why ca n't one learn english in the uk ? 
  i think it 's important to know the language but there are more important things than that . 
  why can they not learn the language in the uk ? 
  does denmark have laws regarding that you must speak danish before moving to denmark ? 
  this is why you learn the language once you 've moved to the country if you do n't already speak it ? 
  i do n't even know what you are talking about anymore . 
  what does sweden and germany have to do with this ? 
  then enforcing a policy where one 's spouse must speak the language before entering must be very counter productive , no ? 
  i still do n't understand why this must happen before one enters the uk . 
  why can one not learn the language once one has arrived ? 
  why are you willing to keep couples and families apart ? 
  the intent of the swedish and german immigration is different to the one in the uk . 
  what 's wrong with learning english once when has settled ? 
  naserligan and ogs are based in gothenburg and not stockholm . 
  gothenburg is also known for criminal gangs , naserligan , original gangsters , bandidos ... 
  an extreme nationalist went to ut\u00f6ya and killed 77 people and injured over 300 a few years ago . 
  extremists in every camp are dangerous and many times fuel each other . 
  we ca n't let them do this . 
  too right-wing , / r/sweden was / r/immigration, 
  no matter what answer you 'll get it 'll most likely be very biased if an opinion is expressed . 
  right-wing opinions regarding immigration in europe are very popular on reddit right now . 
  you might get an occasion leftist reply on this as well . 
  take whatever is written with a grain of salt . 
  racist assuming that a person will cause problems because they 're from a different culture or look different . 
  yes please ca n't we just join already, 
  serbia or iceland, 
  of course the eu `` is a joke '' militaristically because the need for an alliance is already fulfilled by nato . 
  lmao i 'd rather live in any of those areas than an inbred nazi village . 
  my argument is that those bans are stupid since there 's no point in turning against people who 're different because things are bad ( jobbik got 70 % of the mayoral vote ) . 
  people should be accepting of others regardless of religion , race or sexuality . 
  local traditions and what not are n't under threat . 
  the hungarians must n't worry , muslims and gays are n't there to steal their guly\u00e1s . 
  i do n't understand how something so basic ca n't be comprehended . 
  obviously if 50,000 ( or 2 billion ) people of any kind were to move to the village it would be destroyed . 
  blah blah blah . 
  [ they should also go back to using runes instead of the latin alphabet . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/eloszallas_hungary_road_signs.jpg ) their region is shit and corrupt which is why people vote for jobbik . 
  they cling on to nationalism ( especially pre-ww1 hungary glory ) because they do n't have anything else . 
  i 'm sure they 'd object if the refugees from 1956 would have gotten the same treatment that they want to give to muslims . 
  no i 'm serious . 
  fucking ludicrous that you think people should n't be allowed to live in certain areas because of their race or religion . 
  hopefully you 'll realize that 80 years ago you were the untermensch . 
  i found a guide that might help you achieve your own goals https://www.amazon.co.uk/mein-kampf-adolf-hitler/dp/817224164x,
