  in reality there is . 
  in reality there are huge differences between cultures in case of individual freedom and gender equality . 
  for crying out loud we did n't know term honour killing before there was immigration from middle-eastern countries that put much more emphasis on honour and family than individual centric western cultures . 
  of course , there is no difference at all in between sweden and saudi arabia / s. 
  honor killings are rare . 
  how many women and men have died because of that in sweden ( or finland ) ? 
  suicide rates are high in sweden , i 'm too lazy to check the statistics for finland but i would n't be surprised if they are similar to sweden . 
  obviously cultures are different , but culture is so many things . 
  like food , religion , holidays , tradition . 
  it 's not just honor killings . 
  also why is it wrong to have a culture based around honor and family as long as it does n't go against the law ? 
  our way is not the only way . 
   you are very ignorant of your own cultural history . 
  nordic countries have always been very individualistic . 
  this can very much be contributed to the fact that nordics have been full of small independent farmers and for every new generation there has been wilderness to take and claim . 
  this individualism was even more amplified by storskiftet that divided village communities all over sweden-finland to small independent farms . 
  not to mention there has been long history of having a independent justice system where even peasants could have appealed to the king if they have felt that they have been wrongly judged . 
  this is very unique in the world ... ... 
  i 'm talking about individual freedom . 
  for many years we 've had absolute monarchies , dictatorships ( if you consider them different ) . 
  when could everybody , not just men or the influential , vote for the first time ? 
  sweden abolished the state church not very long ago . 
  we still are not a republic . 
  universal suffrage is historically new . 
  also i 'm not interested in putting culture into numbers and comparing . 
  i 've never said all cultures are the same . 
   minorities can do what they want with their money , if they want to build their shrine , then that is their prerogative . 
  however the finnish state will expect that your children learn finnish , they go to school that will instill state sanctioned values and beliefs that will make them able to function in the society and with good luck help them abandon ways that have no place in modern society . 
  and again , you can be jew , muslim or christian , but if you are in finland , then you better be finnish , that is only thing that counts . 
  if there is a large minority in a certain commune who pay a lot of tax and they have religious needs then a request should be seriously considered . 
  they pay tax and also they vote in the commune . 
  also it 's easy political points . 
  of course everybody who lives in finland should learn finnish . 
  i 've never said anything else . 
  in sweden there are different requirements to vote in local election , you either have to be swedish , eu citizen including norway and iceland , or have lived in sweden for 3 consecutive years and have a permanent residency . 
  personally i would have no problems what so ever with having a finnish church built here with government funding ( assuming the church of finland ca n't afford it which is unlikely . 
  same apples for any place of worship if there is high enough demands . 
  it 's better than a saudi oil baron funding an ultraconservative wahhabist or salafist mosque . 
  the children should decide themselves if they want to consider themselves finnish or not , it 's up to them if they want to believe in finnish values . 
  some people consider themselves multinational , it is possible to be swedish and finnish ( and not finlandssvensk ) , or finnish and american , or finnish and turkish . 
  the state should never tell you want to think , this is n't 1984 . 
  also there are people here who say you ca n't be swedish and muslim because islam has n't had its presence here until recently . 
  i would n't be surprised of there are some finns who would say the exact same thing . 
   finnic people have inhabited finland for thousands of years , ever since the last ice age can finnish track their lineage here . 
  ever since those times the people and their society have been under development . 
  there was finnish people and nation long before the independence . 
  what goes to economic development , when finland became independent , it was one of the poorest nations in europe , in less than 100 years the country has become one of the richest countries in the world . 
  under that time there has been one civil war , wars with ussr and germans , and loose of big areas of country , and resettlement and rebuilding periods . 
  this country is n't rich because it has natural richness , not because of infrastructure , but how its people form society and how they interact with each others . 
  people make country rich . 
  and to remind you , nobody forces people to come finland . 
  this is our country , this is our way of life , if you want to become finnish and work for it , then there are opportunities for that , but you are not welcomed here permanently if you do n't want to become part of us . 
  finland 's civil war was n't long after its independence iirc . 
  finland was very strong in wwii which i admire a lot . 
  post wwii finland was a democracy and had no wars . 
  the political system worked and there was a lot of fear from the red threat . 
  what middle eastern country except for israel can say that if you replace the red threat with its arab neighbors ? 
  its people are oppressed and its dictators only care about power . 
  you 've got the uae which is relatively liberal compared to the majority of the countries in the region and are very rich because of its oil and its leader wanting to improve the country . 
  there are no doubts that many countries in that region would develop a lot faster if they would allow their people to . 
  also i 'm sure companies like nokia would welcome anyone with the right expertise for as long as they could keep him , they would n't give a rat 's ass if he did n't want to become finnish as long as he stayed . 
   in primary school if you live in an area with high concentration of finnish , you will start your school with finnish , but you will then move to use only swedish in school . 
  in time you will become completely swedish because you are absorbed by swedish culture and the way of life . 
  you may know how to talk your parents native language , but does n't make you finnish , just somebody who knows how to speak finnish . 
  you ca n't speak for everybody . 
  i 'm multinational and i 've lived in different countries . 
  swedish is my primary nationality . 
  however i 'm a lot less swedish than many other people in my country . 
  i would have no problems whatsoever to get a second passport and i 'm considering to move there later in my life . 
  in many european countries you do n't vote for who is pm . 
  you vote for a party who represents you in parliament and the leader for the largest ruling party is usually the pm . 
  berlusconi resigned and many parties supported monti so there was no re-election , the parliament was n't changed . 
  the borders are n't open . 
  the majority who apply for asylum are denied . 
  people are acting like our border as wide open and we will be overrun by muslims . 
  there are discussions in sweden on how to help immigrants and refugees to take part in society , it 's not poison anymore . 
  what still is poison is to actively collaborate with a party which has had national socialist ties . 
  a political party where a massive majority dislike and feel disgusted by , especially when there has been a [ video leaked by top members saying racist and sexist remarks ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpycz-tsrdm ) . 
  discussions about integration are important , however it 's painfully obvious that closing the borders even more and deporting criminals wo n't prevent future crimes by the immigrants who already live here . 
  sd are only interested in solution and are not willing to take part of any other ways to help immigrants integrate into society . 
  all the other parties are not open to this policy and the result is that they become a martyr . 
  the grown up thing for sd to do is to change their position and to compromise about the issue . 
  in fact they do the complete opposite by condemning everything which the government with support of other parties does to try to help to solve the situation . 
  politics in sweden is a lot more polarized than the one in finland . 
  my impression of finland is that parties want to collaborate a lot more with each other than here in sweden . 
  in sweden we already have set coalitions in elections . 
   you yourself make the jump to halting immigration completely . 
  what i 'm saying and many others are too that we need to put a limit to immigration , we need to define a count that we can commit to , that we can provide needed language courses , culture courses , vocational or other education , housing , money , etc. . . 
  so that they do n't just end up in one problem housing estate without job , without way to become employed , without being able to assimilate to the local culture . 
  [ this poster is not very old . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mglh4.jpg ) we do provide language courses and there is something called * instegsjobb * which is there to make it easier for specifically refugees to get jobs and to function in society . 
  sd were against this because they thought it was discriminating to swedes . 
  we do n't want assimilation , we want them ** to be a part of our society ** , whatever their religious beliefs , native language ( as long as they learn our 's ) and customs is none of my business . 
  also we do n't have free immigration , a majority of people who seek asylum are denied . 
   and no , this is n't just about money . 
  this is about culture beliefs . 
  for example for children of immigrants to succeed in finland , they need to be instilled belief that education is important , that getting a occupation or degree is must to get a job . 
  not to mention cultural values , respect for individual freedom and gender equality . 
  for example it is not acceptable for parents to circumcision their girls , it is not acceptable that girls or boys are send back to their home country if they do n't behave as their parents want . 
  those are all against values of the finnish society .
