  obviously there has to be *** integration *** so this person functions in society . 
  the family will in the end be assimilated because the children will be identify themselves as danish or part danish . 
  even if one of the parents does n't see as him or herself as danish . 
   no , but we have to deal with the immigrants somehow . 
  we ca n't just let them in unconditionally . 
  what ? 
  when have i ever said there should n't be conditions . 
  they have to follow the law and live normally just like everybody else . 
   let me rephrase that . 
  how is it relevant ? 
  it is relevant because the state of many poorer countries would be better if there was no colonialism . 
  some of these countries could be a democracy by now if they would have developed naturally on its own . 
  this could lead to less extremism in the world and less refugees whom in your eyes seem to threaten society . 
   and you have n't truly settled if you do not have citizenship , thus these people are not immigrants . 
  many of these people want to go back to their country of origin once it becomes a lot better place to live in , like not a brutal dictatorship which could execute them for being different or not a bombsite . 
  some of these people flee to countries to denmark to be allowed to be different . 
  you are n't much better than them if you tell them they have to become danish to stay . 
  it does n't matter if these people lead normal lives . 
  it 's nothing unusual . 
  monti apparently . 
  there are people who vote for berlusconi but they do not like him as a person . 
  they 'd rather have a center-right government than a center-left . 
  berlusconi has been beaten multiple times . 
  he has lost at least 2 elections . 
   not necessarily . 
  in the cases of parallel societies they keep their foreign culture and often become troublesome for society . 
  this is especially visible in denmark . 
  the ghettos that exist are caused by failed policies regarding integration . 
  as far as i have understood denmark has decreased immigration yet ghettos are still not gone . 
  please correct me if i am wrong . 
  poverty plays a big role in crime , refugees who come here usually have nothing . 
  society has failed them by not providing a job and help to understand how western societies work . 
  it 's a huge change when you are coming from a country where your government can absolutely never be trusted . 
  do you actually believe that your policies are not enacted it would lead to national instability ? 
  foreign culture is not bad culture . 
  as long as they follow the law and mind their own business there is nothing wrong . 
   is needed ? 
  perhaps not , i am not psychic . 
  would be very beneficial ? 
  certainly . 
   the problem with immigrants ( generally from other cultural sphere ) is that they come to your nation with an entirely different world view . 
  assimilation is a way to condition and help them be a productive member of society . 
  and just to clarify - this is not forced assimilation - you are free to piss the hell off if you do not want to live there , forced would apply that you can not do that . 
  i 'm okay with that you do not care if people assimilate , but some of us do care about the well being of our nation . 
  if i need to assimilate to stay in denmark then it is forced . 
  why are you so scared of different nationalities ? 
  why ca n't you just leave people alone ? 
   what i was trying to put out there was that there is no such thing as ultimate freedom without anarchy . 
  you have to set the line somewhere , and the line is often put somewhere if it is harmful to the collective . 
  non-assimilating people are harmful to the collective . 
  and minorities are fine , if they hold cultural or historical value , but minorities for the sake of it ? 
  that 's just silly . 
  do you have data that people who are not assimilated are harmful to the collective ? 
  it 's absurd to think people from other cultures are a threat . 
  why do you think you have the right to tell other people to what culture to be ? 
   how am i hostile ? 
  i am asking them to contribute if they want to live here . 
  in what universe is that hostile ? 
  that 's not hostility , that is asking for common bloody decency . 
  all i am hearing is a lot of : ` but i dun wan na ! ', 
  fine . 
  you do n't want to contribute to society , go live in your own damn mudhole , but if you want to stay in our mudhole you have to play by our rules and conform to our muddy standards . 
  we 're not asking a lot , we 're just saying do n't run about naked in our mudhole and do n't throw mud at other people . 
   you seem to think that by assimilation i mean large re-education centres guarded by military patrols and with extreme propaganda , but that is entirely not the case . 
  i do n't want them to eat propaganda , i want them to be educated . 
  i want them to be able to defend themselves and their children perhaps against crazed extremism , i want them to be able to help their children in school - and many ca n't because they do not understand danish , and i want them to live a peaceful normal life . 
  and i want society to think well of them , to welcome them . 
  our current integration system is weak , flawed and has a complete and utter lack of assimilation because apparently it is a ` taboo ' word and method . 
  i think it is time we faced reality : integration does n't work . 
  and in a decision of having to choose between assimilation and a complete stop to immigration , i would rather pick assimilation . 
  *** i already said that the immigrant follows the law and pays tax . 
  *** assimilation is not what you described right now . 
  what you described now is integration . 
  what you want is better integration . 
  you can have your own culture with everything you just described . 
  a muslim from lebanon can still have democratic values , function in society , living a normal life , learn danish and stay lebanese . 
  assimilation is when the person becomes completely danish and have no lebanese customs what so ever . 
  my best friend holds an english passport and but he spent most of his life in sudan . 
  right now he is working in the uk . 
  he will never be assimilated but he has never broken the law , speaks fluent english , has democratic values and is a lot more liberal than me and likely more liberal than you . 
  he contributes to society . 
  should he assimilate ? 
  he is fully `` integrated '' . 
   i 'm not condoning nazism or communism , but extremist islam for example is obviously not danish . 
  it is a middle-eastern influence , and we can combat that through assimilation . 
  but we do n't so the problem persists . 
  nazism is a lot more difficult to swat , same with communism . 
  luckily we do n't have any people with actual power ( or violent tendencies ) that go about that these days . 
  as with everything i think the cure ( also for extremist islam ) is simply to educate people . 
  nobody wants extremist islam . 
  in fact all muslims i know hate the extremists . 
  some of them do n't even consider these people to be real muslims . 
  freedom of religion exists in denmark . 
  you ca n't demand a person to drop his or her own religion without removing freedom of religion . 
  it 's undanish to demand that as long as freedom of religion is a danish value . 
  in sweden there are both nazi ( or borderline nazi ) and communist marches . 
  these people clash and if there would be no police interference there would be casualties and serious injuries . 
  cure for any extremism is education , at least for over 99 % of the people . 
  in sweden [ this party ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bj2l5.jpg ) is in parliament right now . 
  they say they have changed a lot from when this was printed in 1994 but i have no doubts there are still these types of people in that party .
