  at the end of the day i do n't see how your concern is valid because there will always only be one dominant culture . 
  besides different cultures can function together if the country is free . 
  unlike iraq who gassed its own people . 
  i thought we were comparing religions and not their followers . 
  you said so yourself . 
   there 's a reason why i said islam is psychotic , and not muslims in general . 
  so it 's not as psychotic . . look up at some of the verses in the bible . 
  i do n't think it gets anymore psychotic than a holy book allowing you to sell your daughter as a sex slave . 
  you did n't answer the question . 
  do you think christianity is psychotic ? 
  do you have data supporting this argument ? 
  and even if your argument is valid does it not violate personal freedom ? 
  i 'm sorry that your stay in sweden was this bad . 
  some of the things you are saying is true but you are gravely exaggerating . 
  would you also say christianity is psychotic ? 
  how much of a choice is religion really ? 
  of course i can officially convert to any other religion but there is no way i can bring myself to be anything but an atheist . 
  just because somebody is a muslim does n't mean they are an ultraconservative bigot . 
  my best friend is a muslim and he is the most liberal person i know . 
  why is assimilation important ? 
  as long as the person follows the law , pays taxes and minds his or her own business then what 's wrong ? 
  i just replaced one word with another and it made you sound like an infamous german dictator . 
  you ca n't deny that . 
  why is it a problem to you that there are people who believe in a different faith or are of a different culture ? 
  as long as people follow the law , pay taxes , leave each other alone and cause no harm then what is the problem ? 
  edit : cmon , is this such a hard question to answer ? 
  i simply replaced the word `` muslims '' with `` jews '' . 
  i did n't specifically say islam . 
  also hitler was very concerned about judaism . 
  do n't make that crap up that he only wanted to eliminate jews and not judaism . 
  do you seriously believe he would have spared a convert ? 
  you 're right we should look up to the vikings who washed once a week and who believed the first man and woman came from an armpit . 
  if they saw us today they 'd love to try our fighter jets . 
  of course, 
  let 's play a game where we switch the word `` muslims '' to `` jews '' . 
  here we go !, 
   but i agree we have too many jews . 
  it 's a big problem for society . 
  and suddenly you sound like an infamous german politician . 
  of course a religion or `` ideology '' ca n't function as a democracy because then it is a theocracy . 
  your country , poland , has a huge catholic population yet you are still a democracy . 
  there are many factors to why countries with large muslim populations are theocracies or dictatorships . 
  what a downgrade from jp ii . 
  ew :( i 'd rather have it in stockholm than in any other city in sweden . 
  if the faeroe islands would become fully independent and magically moved closer to the rest of scandinavia it would be the best option in my opinion . 
  an alternative would be to split up major institutions and have multiple capitals like in south africa . 
  so , where should the capital city be ? 
  brassar -  brazilian people, 
  you need a computer to access the content in the hdd . 
  there are certain places which are borderline outdoor . 
  some young people might prefer flavored cigarettes when they start . 
  if it tastes like normal then there is a chance that they wo n't do it a second time . 
  they should add the local, 
   the 1 % . 
  this attitude that you have is a big part of the problem . 
  how do you expect people to be a part of society if you alienate them in this way ? 
  roma have problems because many people think they are criminal and scum . 
  there are many roma who are criminal but there are many who are innocent . 
  well . 
  at least i do n't see this racism you are talking about in my social circle . 
  however i would n't be surprised at all if this racism existed in malm\u00f6 and the rural areas of sweden , especially in sm\u00e5land , halland , sk\u00e5ne , and blekinge . 
  i hope this includes christmas music in public places . 
  personally i like christmas decorations but my ears bleed whenever i hear the music . 
  well , i do n't know what social circles you are in but we do n't pick on people from different countries . 
  have a cv and get some work experience . 
  get someone to recommend you . 
  participate in some open source project . 
  may i ask you if you live in the countryside ( a so called `` bondh\u00e5la '' ) or if you live in a city like g\u00f6teborg or stockholm ( malm\u00f6 does n't count ) ? 
  it would be helpful if you have a higher education ( like having an engineering degree ) . 
  i also know that there are many foreigners who work in the medical sector , especially as nurses . 
  if you know anybody personally who lives in sweden , like some of your friends , they might be able to help you further as i have no clue on how to find jobs in a foreign country . 
  norway would n't stop thriving if they join the eu . 
  i realized voxer does the same thing . 
  sure , of course you 're welcome here . 
  if you plan to stay mid or long-term then it would be appreciated if you learned our language . 
  good . 
  sexual orientation should n't matter if two consenting adults want to get married . 
  it 's none of our business to tell people who they can and ca n't marry . 
  they 're legal cause we , as a society , are addicted to them . 
  well . 
  it might be false anti-advertising . 
  i 'm not big fan of eye-for-and-eye but the tobacco companies did use false advertising to become as potent as they are today . 
  the mafia would then sell them instead and become powerful in places where they are n't as well established . 
  there is no easy solution to the problems tobacco has done to our society . 
  i have mixed feelings about this . 
  it 's bad for swedish industry and but it is good for health reasons . 
  however i 'm certran many people will switch to cigarettes if they ca n't do snus they like . 
  i hope that if this goes through it will be worth it by reducing medical care costs and to improve the overall healthiness of the population . 
  but i fear this will make the eu even more unpopular . 
  we discuss the problem first , analyze the problem ( this is when statistics are appropriate ) , and discuss and find a solution . 
   no offence but state provided or subsidized jobs worsen the problem , not fix it . 
  if the economy needs engineers , business majors , doctors , lawyers , researchers , etc. . then you need those people , not people without education . 
  you also has to take into account that for almost any profession , you need a vocational degree which take 2-3 years time to study when you already have basic education . 
  you only set immigrants to fail if you do n't understand this . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  of course countries need those people with that education . 
  with that attitude you 're implying you should only accept refugees with certain educations , while there are few refugees with that type of education , many times their university is n't recognized because it can be dodgy . 
  i 've met several who redid their education for that reason . 
   there big differences between countries . 
  you make it sound like that there is no difference between saudi-arabia and sweden .
