  but on the other hand i do n't think it 's suitable for a children 's tv channel to discuss ( or spoon feed propaganda ) complicated domestic politics of foreign countries . 
  imagine what an outcry there would be if kika took a side in the israeli-palestine conflict . 
  according to / r/sweden she is polish and her mother was in a concentration camp . 
  apparently not denmark , watch the end of the video !, 
  what happened to this ? 
  anonymous tips . 
  they just chose this guy cause he dressed poorly and because he was n't white . 
  when they approached him they spoke in english . 
  these policemen `` forgot '' that not all swedes are blond with blue eyes . 
  if one is to search for illegal immigrants then an indicator that the person is legal is that the man speaks perfect swedish . 
  i guess smoking is okay as long as it 's produced in the eu . 
  what if i told you the czech republic also has representatives in the eu parliament . 
   which has sparked accusations of `` racial profiling '' practices among the police . 
  question is if this is the right course of action . 
  will this help the homeless ? 
  do you think that this will actually help the situation ? 
  or do you think this is an excuse to lock up homeless people , or `` nomands '' ? 
  his point is that the eu should do everything in their power to protect eu citizens . 
   * fines or prison terms for homeless people who sleep on the streets . 
  good luck fining a person who ca n't afford a home . 
  you ca n't stop homelessness by deterring it . 
  you have provide help not punishment . 
   * arm four new submarines with us nuclear missiles . 
  what 's wrong with the uk missiles ? 
  honoring a terrorist is obviously extremely wrong and i would be embarrassed if i would live in that town . 
  if one disagrees with israeli foreign policy then there are different ways to show it than making a terrorist an honorary citizen . 
  shame on bezons . 
  i understand that the influx of muslim immigration is difference than the jewish diaspora because as you just stated the jews did not have a state . 
  i am aware of what people are saying about this , it 's everywhere in europe . 
  it 's considered very controversial . 
  very many of us are n't scared at speaking out about our political ideals . 
  i just do n't share this opinion about muslims and immigration . 
  however the common denominator between antisemitism up until the last 25 years ago and islamophobia ( racism , xenophobia , nationalism , patriotism , call it whatever you like ) today is that it is the same people and the same or `` reformed '' political parties and organizations . 
  these organizations 40 years ago would think that you are scum and that israel should be destroyed . 
  it 's only recently they started putting on a nice diplomatic suit and started attacking muslims instead of jews with a more diplomatic tone . 
  the ultra-religious people are in minority and the internet allows them and most importantly their critics to get a lot of attention . 
  it 's a win-win situation , both the critics ( which many times have bad intentions ) and the ultra-religious gain attention which allows them to rally up the weak-minded and lost young men because they offer companionship , fellowship and/or brotherhood . 
  the problem with extremism ( far-right , communist/anarchist , and islamic ) ca n't be solved by stopping immigration from muslim countries and putting stricter laws on deportation . 
  i believe that course of action is like putting fire to a leaking oil barrel and will set fire to all forms of extremism . 
  here in sweden i do n't feel like muslims have changed much other than providing us with foreign food and things like shisha . 
  there were disproportionately many people in my school who were either foreign or had foreign heritage ( many which were muslim ) and there was n't a big difference between them and your average swede . 
  many were religious the same way europeans are religious today ( aka not giving a crap ) and they were more inclined to like football than swedes . 
  there was no violence during the three years i was there and this was in central stockholm . 
  but this is just my personal experience . 
  sweden is n't a paradise like many people think but it 's * definitely * not a hellhole which some xenophobes in / r/europe think it is because of immigration . 
  the people ( and party ) heiling in that photo believe the exact same thing as you . 
  they just changed from hating jews to hating muslims . 
  they have been saying this for many years , the difference between then and today is that these people have gained a new medium which allows them to be even louder . 
  there will never be an islamic takeover , we will never be in a minority and there is nothing which suggests otherwise . 
  you as an israeli should know that antisemites will find any way possible to attack israel or jews . 
  it 's not very different from how the european far-right operate which you seem to share an opinion with . 
  [ these are the same people who are saying the same things you are saying about muslims but in 2013 instead of the 90 's which i believe when this was printed in . 
  your comment is very ironic . 
  i think the best course of action is to clear themselves on their controversies and publicly punish and stop child molestering and embrace secular society as a way to get new followers . 
  one does n't necessarily have to criticize god but criticize the organizations which are involved with religion to improve themselves with the criticism they receive . 
  he is the only major center-right alternative in italy . 
  they see this as the better option than letting an ex-communist and ex-socialist to run the country . 
  `` players fuck messi '' `` goals means ronaldo '' `` shit fucking liverpool '', 
  i think the vertical version of cyprus is pretty neat . 
  he 's not going to jail . 
  they were fined because they broke the agreement that they will have this option . 
  i can agree to this . 
  if making images with paint became as integral to society as the internet has become then yes . 
   i am sure that they must promote ** vim ** instead of notepad !, 
  ftfy, 
  how much do hc dinamo minsk tickets cost ? 
  it is one of the most attended hockey clubs in the khl so it must be affordable for joe average . 
  [ dolph lundgren ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-q6uvq-uve7w/ulo25x1s4hi/aaaaaaaagtk/slbeud7ocok/s1600/i+must+break+you.jpg ) would like to have a word with you !, 
  is n't this about 23 years late to introduce this ban ? 
  `` truthnevertold '' has such mindblowing content / s, 
  i am for direct democracy if voting is obligatory . 
  it 's hypocritical to not vote in a direct democracy if pms ( or senators , etc. ), 
  have to work . 
  what is the voter turnout in switzerland ? 
  every non-vote is a yes-vote for every ( un ) popular opinion if not everybody ( or at least 80 % ) votes . 
   to sum up , the communist party was a real communist party , and initially ( at least until the invasion of hungary , as you pointed out ) the official line was that of moscow . 
  later on , however , it was not following moscow blindly -- while remaining the communist party , and as such getting funding from moscow . 
  the party that bersani grew in had already started rescinding links with moscow ( which took ~ 15 years , plus 15 more until the sickle and hammer disappeared ) . 
   no successor of the pci ever called itself `` socialist '' . 
  they are part of the european socialist party , but that 's it . 
  it took them too many years to completely break from moscow . 
  all these parties just rebrand themselves to get with the times . 
  `` the left '' is also an even less stigmatized name for a party . 
  our current ( ex ) communist party in sweden was known as `` v\u00e4nsterpartiet : kommunisterna '' ( the left party : the communists in english ) until the collapse of the ussr when they dropped communist from their name but it is no secret that their current and former leader were communists and if they say anything else it is a lie . 
  since bersani is now the leader of a social democratic party right now he is forced to have more moderate views if he wants power but i seriously do n't doubt that he is still secretly part-communist because that 's what his roots are and that he was a member of these types of parties for a very long time . 
   yes , but that 's mostly because many die-hard fascists were sent to `` colonize '' istria and then kicked back into friuli after the war . 
  i used to live in a village outside of trieste until i was 13 . 
  i really enjoyed it but i was ( sadly ) surprised that some of my old classmates became fascists or communists . 
  it is a lot rarer in sweden than in many other parts of europe . 
   because they were not socialist , there was an italian socialist party and it died of corruption in the 90s . 
  they participated in the international , and were more and more often against moscow starting in 1969 . 
  i thought we were speaking about pci . 
  the successor had a hammer and sickle and just dropped the name of communist because socialist is a lot more moderate . 
   but yes , it 's very well known that pci got funding from moscow . 
  everybody else got funding from washington , and also help putting bombs just before elections if a victory of the pci was possible ( portella della ginestra , piazza fontana , bologna ) . 
  what would you expect with the strongest communist party of the western world , and bordering a socialist ( though non-warsaw-pact ) country such as yugoslavia ? 
  as far as i have understood the funding pci got from moscow was a lot higher than washington . 
  capitalist or `` democratic '' terrorism is obviously also unacceptable . 
  does n't fvg generally vote right wing parties ? 
  then why did they call themselves communist ?
