  one could maybe set up a special program for these types of people ? 
   but that is the mistake you make . 
  the law is made to be applied `` in general '' and then you have to be able to motivate why these people are in more danger than for example the farmers who helped the sida personal in congo , or the doctor who aided sida in sudan . 
  just because you do not want to discuss it - well , it again says a lot of how you think you the law should be applied . 
  apperently , you do not understand basic law . 
  so , again , with links and good explanations , why are these people so special compared to the farmer in albania , etc. 
  is it a problem to make specific laws which are applied to asylum seekers who have worked for sweden in the past ? 
  if any of these people are in danger because they have helped us then it is our moral responsibility to give them protection . 
  afghanistan is special because we are `` peacekeeping '' there . 
  the farmer in albania is not going to be tortured by terrorists because he is albanian and supposedly working for foreign military . 
  this discussion is not about `` immigration policy in general '' ; it 's about helping people who have helped us . 
   i think sida is in around 60 countries , and swedish , as a country is active in even more . 
  should everyone , in those countries be eligeble for asylum that cooperates with us ? 
  why is the military special , why afghanistan ? 
  more peopel die in congo , for example . 
  anyone who is endangered because they cooperate with us should be eligible for asylum . 
  i do n't see why it should be such a big deal to offer these people asylum ; especially afghanis whom have helped us a lot . 
  do you not want them here ? 
   the minority government . 
  and , your quote `` if they want this to happen then it will happen '' sounds like your really , really like ministerstyre . 
  is that what you want ? 
  should government base their whole policy , and should swedish law that affects millions be based on this ? 
  it 's not ministerstyre , the parliament can reject such a bill . 
  however , the only party whom i believe would reject such a bill are the sweden democrats . 
  i just ca n't see v , s , and mp rejecting such a bill . 
  of course i do . 
  i just think it 's a silly question to ask when we 're discussing policy and about introducing new laws or not . 
   a ) that would not change the situation for the interpretors , at all . 
  a new law does n't change the situation for people who `` sentence '' / decision etc , has already been decided . 
  as in , if i get sentenced to 4 year , and they later on pass a new law that my crime would actually be 14 year , it does not change the fact for me . 
  only `` new '' criminals ( in my example ) would receive 14 year . 
  the law is not retroactive . 
  have all interpreters already applied ? 
   b ) passing a law only for afghanistani interpretors would be very close to `` ministerstyre anyway . 
  or , do you have a lot of other examples of interpretors that are seeking asylum ? 
  i know what the word retroactive means . 
  do i need other examples ? 
  these people are at huge risk and a big part of that is because they are helping us . 
  we owe it to them . 
  `` very close '' does n't cut it . 
  a milj\u00f6partist can put a motion about it and they are in opposition . 
   c ) you would have to motivate why interpretors deserve protection much more than any other profession , for example doctors , females in any profession in some areas , environmentalists , journalists etc because many of these interpreters are minorities and because they helped us . 
  these people are now at greater risk because of us . 
  i really do n't see why there is a problem at helping people whom have helped us . 
  or do you want to discuss immigration policy in general because i 'm not interested in that discussion ? 
   e ) of all the departments/avdelningarna in sweden , why should we take particular care of the ones who work with the military ? 
  i 'd like for you to give me citations and explain , why the military is unique , in comparison to other departements , like sida for example . 
  or , do you mean that anyone who has also worked with sida and migh , according to their own word , be in trouble afterwards , should automatically receive asylum ? 
  should anyone , abroad , who has worked with anyone from the swedish states , automatically receive asylum . 
  why are these people so special ? 
  why are not other peopel special ? 
  i 'd like explanaition and links please . 
  it does n't take a lot of critical thinking to understand that minorities in afghanistan who are cooperating with swedish or any other foreign military is at grave risk . 
  if we ( or any other western country ) were never in afghanistan then this person could have been at less risk or at no risk at all . 
  if he dies or gets tortured because he was helping us then it 's our fault if we have not offered him ( or rejected ) asylum . 
  sweden is indebted to people who risk their lives to help us . 
  this is why they are special . 
   you specifically , in your first answer , referred to the minister . 
  as in `` there are some politicians in sweden who do n't want to give permanent residence to our translators . '', 
  the government still have the power to propose new laws . 
  we even have a minister who is responsible for immigration policy . 
  if they want this to happen then it will happen . 
   well , that says more about you , than anything . 
  what type of reply do you * expect * when you ask if i think everybody should follow the law ? 
  no i did n't say that . 
  * you also do n't have to type half of your reply in italics ; i 'm not stupid . 
  * you are just repeating yourself so in case my reply is unclear i will do my best clarify myself . 
  why ca n't there be a law passed in parliament which adds an exemption to foreigners who have worked for the military a permanent residence ? 
  i 'm not an expert on how riksdagen works but is it wrong to assume that members of parliament can propose new laws or motions ? 
   that would mean chaos . 
  i think it will mean corruption . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  do n't you think ministers , as well as everyone should respect , and follow swedish laws ? 
  i did n't say that the minister him or herself should hand-pick the interpreters who get asylum . 
  and of course nobody should follow the law ; fuck the system . 
  then why not pass a law in parliament which gives these types of interpreters a free-pass ? 
  we owe it to them . 
  yeah , it 's really bad . 
  many translators are minorities and now because of that they are even more targeted than before . 
  there are some politicians in sweden who do n't want to give permanent residence to our translators . 
  this might be off topic but i think our translators in afghanistan deserve citizenship or permanent residence . 
  at least they buy your phones . 
  is it really that important ? 
  i live in a big city and i do n't need groups of people whom i do n't know personally to foster a sense of community . 
  it might be different for people who live in the countryside though . 
  these types of communities will form if there is a demand for it . 
  the government should not be responsible for it . 
  also we are speaking about only two days a year if i understood correctly . 
  it makes sense if they have to compensate two days on christian holidays when most people are not working . 
  is n't there a shortage of labor during christmas ? 
   i bet the pope secretly browses / r/gonewild on his iphone during the boring bits of mass. 
  ftfy, 
  the people who vote him either think that humping policewomen is funny or because they want a center-right government which no other major party offers . 
  has n't this been discussed countless of times on reddit ? 
  interesting how they chose dark green for the best and black for the worst . 
  very similar colors, 
  he just wants to piss you off . 
  yes if there is public support and mainstream parties who want to push this issue . 
  so probably not for quite some time . 
  well orb\u00e1n viktor , freedom of speech is also a bitch in foreign countries .
