  this is the future of the spanish economy ; they will be a major economic power to be reckoned with in the vitro fertilization industry . 
  not something for italians . 
  then come to europe !, 
  tescos in eastern europe would be a lot less competitive a lot less profitable . 
  i still do n't see the point of coronation . 
  they already own castles and whatnot . 
  being a monarch is not about having fun . 
  it 's their national duty , they were born to do this . 
  for him to have a crown he will have to be coronated and such events are very expensive and out of fashion . 
  do n't expect prince charles and prince william to be coronated . 
  could any italians give us some background information about letta and how the pdl could affect the new government ? 
  why is it `` worthless '' ? 
  you must watch this http://www.channel4.com/news/nigel-farage-ukip-immigration-bulgaria-romania-video, 
  switzerland . . ? 
  it 's to prevent future corruption . 
  i did n't say all mods were corrupt . 
  thank you for the link . 
  i will do some research about him . 
  i understand that you disapprove of the green direction they went . 
  i would have felt the same way if i voted for a candidate who would n't have told me this before the election . 
  for me it falls down on whether to vote against acta and similar bills under different names or for a candidate which represents my political opinions . 
  i still have n't made enough research about the candidates in here sweden . 
  what i know is that i wo n't be voting for a green , excommunist , social democratic or a nationalist candidate . 
  i might vote for the pirate party because i can . 
  for me it 's important to vote . 
  it 's hypocritical to criticize the eu for being undemocratic if one does n't do one 's part in democracy . 
  being mod over many medium sized and large subreddits eventually leads to corruption . 
  mods should after a certain amount of time step down , possibly permanently . 
  how such a thing can be enforced ? 
  i do n't know . 
  `` once every friday , over an industrial area in fittja : three to five minutes between 12 and 13 . '', 
  is n't this how it always is when countries are trying sell fighters ? 
  buses/coaches can be cheaper than trains . 
  will you buy our fighter jets if we join nato ? 
  it 's not uncommon to name streets after famous foreign politicians and diplomats . 
  i do n't think churchill would like to be associated with any party but with his own . 
  i thought everybody important , especially in politics , had a swiss bank account . 
  it is also important to note that the statistics you are looking at are not for new immigrants but for the total amount of people who are moving to sweden . 
  20 % of the people who moved to sweden in 2012 were in fact swedes who are coming home . 
  what sources do you have ? 
  http://www.scb.se/pages/tableandchart____91832.aspx http://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.78fcf371269cd4cda980004207/tabs5.pdf http://www.scb.se/pages/tableandchart____273426.aspx, 
  http://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.43648b4513b902d42692f5c/avgjorda+asyl%c3%a4renden+2012+-+asylum+decisions+2012.pdf http://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.43648b4513b902d42692f60/beviljade+uppeh%c3%a5llstillst%c3%a5nd+och+registrerade+uppeh%c3%a5llsr%c3%a4tter+2012.pdf det \u00e4r inte speciellt sv\u00e5rt att hitta just s\u00e5n statistik . 
   i hate an ideology which considers stoning for homosexuality , apostasy and adultery pretty , as well as highly discriminatory to women . 
  i wo n't apologize for that . 
  nice try misquoting me ; i also said `` but not its followers '' which is the most important part of the sentence . 
  do n't mix up religion and ideology . 
  they are two similar but different things . 
  religion always has a theological and/or divine part to it while an ideology does n't . 
  you ca n't group religions into ideologies . 
  capitalism does not belong in the same category as islam even if islam has laws which regard economy . 
  you can call yourself a muslim and a capitalist but you ca n't say you 're a christian and a jew or a capitalist and a communist . 
   do n't really care . 
  i think this might tell a lot about you . 
   tell that to muhammad = / , he wrote that damn book . 
  you should put yourself to a higher standard than the prophet whom you do n't believe in who wrote a book what you hate so much . 
  i just do n't see why one should invest so many negative feelings into it . 
  especially since so many people follow it and all muslims i met do n't support stoning . 
   so , what , judging child rapists as bad people is always wrong because you have n't met them yet ? 
  come on now sir , lets be grownups . 
  another generalization and even more cherry picking . 
  they get married away by their families for economic and/or political ties . 
  this is also happening in other non-muslim countries today in 2013 such as nepal and india . 
  hell we 've had this in europe very many years ago . 
  this is yet another complex and serious problem in third world countries and not necessarily tied to islam considering that this is not common practice in bosnia and by other muslims in europe and america . 
   it 's not uncritical to say that a religion which comes from a book which tells believers to kill you is bad . 
  `` with the emergence of the internet in the last 20 years one can easily google religious verses which are twisted in the most perverse way possible and/or which are considered backwards in today 's society . '', 
  religious books are known to be contradictory and they are filled with quotes which do n't make any sense . 
  i do n't take these verses seriously because the vast majority of muslims do n't kill non-believers and it 's very easy cherry picking a centuries old religious book written in arabic which is exactly what i mean by learning to think critically . 
   ok , fine , you do n't understand . 
  nevertheless people do , people hate religion for the crusades , for the inquisitions , for the witch trials , for stoning young women who just want to go to school , for cutting the hands of men who steal to feed their family . 
  a lot of this seems to have to do with politics , ignorance , and fear . 
   religion comes from a book or books , you can hate the religion without hating all the believers . 
  there 's nothing wrong though with saying that you negatively judge people for holding ridiculous or damaging beliefs . 
  there are many different bibles , there are many different translations of the qu ` ran ( assuming you have n't read a copy of the original ) and probably the torah . 
  some christians think aids is a punishment god has given us because there are homosexual people and others welcome them with open arms and let them get married in church . 
  you 're judging people you do n't know and that is always wrong . 
  not everybody is as fortunate as you to have the opportunity to see life from a democratic , equal and free perspective . 
   honestly i do n't think many anti-semites know anything about or give a fuck about the religion . 
  with the emergence of the internet in the last 20 years one can easily google religious verses which are twisted in the most perverse way possible and/or which are considered backwards in today 's society . 
  cause this is exactly how nationalists today are convincing young people who lack critical thinking skills . 
  so you extremely extremely dislike a religion because its holy book has verses you think are crazy and because you do n't believe in god ? 
  i still do n't understand how one can hate something without a negative previous encounter with it . 
  i 'm not a believer but i do n't hate anyone or any religion . 
  considering that religion is interpreted differently person by person and that there are so many sects and variations of them makes it even sillier to do so . 
  thing is that there is a correlation between people who hate or dislike judaism with the people who hate jews . 
  saying one hates a religion but not it 's followers is just an excuse to not appear to be racist . 
  to be fair , i said anti-judaism and not jews . 
  to be honest i really do n't understand the position of literally * hating * a religion but not its followers and this is definitely not the first time i 've heard somebody preach this . 
  if i was a believer and somebody said they hated my religion i would be pretty pissed ; especially since i would identify myself a lot with it . 
  the world needs less hate , not more . 
  so what 's the advantage of me applying for a hungarian citizenship ? 
  would you consider an anti-judaism organization racist ? 
  / r/sware thinks differently . 
  we look forward to the glorious days we will colonize europe and then rest of the world . 
  it 's hard to say because the majority of europeans do n't know anything about latin american integration policies . 
   so , apply then like everyone else , but swedish law do not recognise anything `` special '' about them `` helping '' us . 
  we do not have that . 
  if you want the judges in migrationsdomstolen to ignore the law , you must be ok with judges everywhere to ignore the law . 
  so , do you think judges should follow the law or not ? 
  you add new laws or alter old ones .
