  also there is an `` ex-communist '' party in parliament . 
  if the left wins the next election in sweden then there is a good chance there will be `` ex-communists '' in government . 
   you will probably find it discriminatory , but it is still the truth : different cultural spheres . 
  french and danish is very close compared to danish and iranian . 
  aside of that then we have obligations by being part of the eu . 
  i meant from a social perspective in society and not legal . 
  it should n't matter where one 's so comes from . 
  obviously since there are a couple they have learned and accepted each other 's culture . 
   would it ? 
  i do n't know . 
  perhaps . 
  maybe not . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would love if we could just make the entire world sparkly and good , but reality is that the world is a dark place filled with violence , chaos and corruption . 
  if you simply open for the flood without building yourself a proper boat to ride the wave then you 're going to drown in it . 
  it think that the mere fact we let some through is saintlike of us , sure , but i do n't give my money to any charity , let alone all my money . 
  it has to be controlled . 
  the people that seek refuge here most learn that freedom and obligation is a two way street . 
  you do not gain privilege without gaining duty . 
  i never said to open all borders . 
  i just said the world would be a better place if we could help some people who face death . 
  even if it is just a little spread over rich countries . 
  we do n't need to close our borders even more . 
   no , but why does it matter ? 
  the age of imperialism is long gone and its every living proponent dead and buried . 
  because some countries would be better off if they were not colonized . 
  imperialist countries would have been poorer today if they had never colonized . 
  the effects of colonization are still visible today . 
   good for you . 
  the law allows that , but then you are not an immigrant . 
  you are a citizen of x working in y. 
  you ca n't vote and thus can not govern . 
  i have no problem with that . 
  do you know what an immigrant is ? 
  it is a person who moved to another country to settle , most of the times permanently . 
  nothing more and nothing else . 
  not all immigrants want citizenship . 
   you seem to have an extremely simplistic view of culture . 
  danish is not just one culture . 
  it is several cultures mixed together . 
  chinese culture do exist and the mere notion that it does not is simply wrong . 
  of course there are variations in danish culture . 
  china is ( obviously ) a lot bigger country which leads to more variations and to more diverse variations . 
   other than the absolutely obvious ? 
  how is it so incredibly difficult for you to understand that a nation consisting of a cohesive culture generally more stable than one of several non-cohesive cultures ? 
  i asked if you had data supporting this . 
  the children and grandchildren of immigrants will be culturally danish or completely danish . 
  also immigrants come from different cultures , there will be no rival big rival to danish culture which threatens denmark 's stability . 
   you are contradicting yourself . 
  can you decide on one or the other ? 
  the first and most vital line of defence for freedom is to make sure the immigrant assimilate well into these new freedoms . 
  that they understand the new society around them , and appreciate it and know they have the freedom to fuck off to north korea if they do n't like freedom . 
  assimilation is not just brainwashing . 
  it is a convenience for all of us . 
  your view of it is skewed . 
  you have nothing supporting that assimilation is needed . 
  what is needed that immigrants who come from dictatorships need to understand how european societies functions . 
  i view *** forced *** assimilation as skewed . 
  if immigrants , or anyone , pays taxes , follows laws , minds his or her own business then it is fine because there will be the rule of law and not anarchy . 
  doing this is compatible with freedom . 
  i do n't care if an immigrant assimilates or not . 
  as long as they function as normal human beings then it is fine by me . 
  i do n't care if my neighbour sees him or herself as a swede , dane , chinese or iraqi . 
  what i would care about if this person commits crimes and lives off the government . 
   any truly free nation needs to limit its citizens , as silly as it sounds . 
  if you want a stable society you can not have people running around with guns killing people . 
  that is a freedom the state take away from - your `` freedom '' to kill other people . 
  and no , this is in fact a perfect comparison . 
  the reason this freedom is taken away from you is because it serves the common good . 
  so does assimilation of immigrants . 
  so does forbidding rape . 
  theft . 
  and other crimes . 
  a society is built on inhibiting freedom to grant the freedoms that matters . 
  if a certain freedom is a danger to society it should obviously be taken away . 
  i do n't know what you are even talking about in this paragraph . 
  there is no such thing as a freedom to kill or rape . 
  it violates the freedom of the victim . 
  i 'm not suggesting anarchy . 
  however there is the freedom of being a minority , being part of a different culture and practicing any religion . 
  there is no way i want the society i live in trying to limit that . 
   the hell are you on about ? 
  i have said the exact opposite multiple times already . 
  they are not a burden to society if they assimilate . 
  so if a person lives a normal life , paying tax , following laws , no crimes but does n't assimilate then how is this person a burden ? 
  do you even know what assimilation is ? 
  in our entire conversation you have been hostile to immigrants by forcing them to assimilate even if they have done nothing wrong and are contribution to society . 
  you know you do n't have to be danish to contribute to denmark . 
   like students ? 
  healthcare workers ? 
  what if the immigrant spreads violent < insert religion/ideology  in his spare time ? 
  that is legal and certainly harmful to society . 
  students might stay . 
  do n't forget that danish students go to other countries as well . 
  if bureaucrats are needed then they should come be welcome . 
  healthcare workers are very important , any sector which needs more workers which denmark ca n't offer needs immigration . 
  this is at least the case in sweden where we need more healthcare workers . 
  hate speech and violence can be punished and if the person wo n't face torture or the death penalty then he or she can be deported . 
  what if a dane spreads violent and hateful ideologies ? 
  it 's different because this person ca n't be deported but it 's a lot more dangerous than what an immigrant can be . 
  the obvious target audience would either be danes if it is nazi propaganda and all people if it is violent communist propaganda .
