  ***  and hell even romanian one . 
   pakistani and indian cultures are just too different , and many of them are form communities too closely knit that fail to integrate over long periods of time . 
  *** especially pakistani culture which is also muslim in nature . 
  ***  for the first time in history , london is no longer a white city . 
   here we are . 
  we 've been talking and debating about this for years , but here we are . 
  white britain is no more . 
  multi-culturalism yay ... now please keep telling yourself that you are n't a racist . 
  do n't give me the bull that muslims ca n't `` integrate '' . 
  i know plenty of muslims who are just like us , the only difference is how they look and that some of them have an accent . 
  one of my best friends who is a muslim is one most libertarian people i know , so i assume you think he is very well `` integrated '' in our society . 
  you should keep saying that you do n't want a multicultural society , people who are stupid enough might not understand that you are just a white power supremacist . 
  downvotes here i go !, 
  some of them are slightly funny but many of them are tasteless in my opinion . 
  i 'm almost certain that i will get downvoted for this , but i know that i 'm not alone with that opinion . 
  i do n't see hirohito smiling in front of a picture where the japanese are bombing pearl harbor or `` comfort women '' being exploited ( referring to the second last photo ) . 
  edit : my bad , japan is included in the gallery , but there is very little graphic in comparison to some other nations . 
  you do realize that neither christianity or judaism did n't start in europe . 
  most of the countries in the middle east have been from a historical perspective been liberalised from colonialism not very long ago and their society has missed out on the long democratisation and the liberation of society like the vast majority of the european countries have ( which has taken centuries for some of us ) . 
  also the fact that we ( the west ) are dependent on their oil thus strengthening their leadership is n't helping at all them at all . 
  do n't forget that the cia supported the taliban 's rise of power and before that they were a socialist state supported by the ussr . 
  so please educate yourself at least a little bit before you spew out your xenophobic remarks . 
  do n't forget they might not want western culture . 
  it is fully possible to have a completely different culture and still be somewhat liberal and democratic like japan , taiwan , and ghana . 
  ps : do you know any societies which do not frown upon murdering their own helpless son , let alone a woman ? 
  okay , fair enough, 
  can you explain why romania is so healthy ? 
  they have a large hungarian minority and ( i think ) they are a lot poorer . 
  because a lot of people in europe who claim to love their country are racist . 
  i 'm not familiar with american political movements but the nationalists in europe would be more comparable with how some southerners who want the confederacy back . 
  here are some political ads from said nationalists : http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01752/picture-2_1752355c.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1tv10cnz90 http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=379_1283093630, 
  lol fat brits, 
  still . 
  i just ca n't imagine that half of my country is overweight . 
  it must be old people or something, 
  what counts as overweight ? 
  i 'm on the metro right now and i barely see anyone overweight . 
  until you get shot, 
  it was just an analogy . 
  i think cities are better ( eventhough i enjoy visiting the coumtryside ) . 
  where i 'm from the countryside is dying because less people want to live there . 
  you 're taking what i said out of context . 
  germany is a better country to live in than hungary which was the point i 'm trying to get across . 
  if you 're still concerned about the countryside i can guarantee you that both germany and hungary have them . 
  i 'm sorry if i hurt your feelings or something . 
  it 's just an analogy . 
  germany is a better country to live in than hungary . 
  i do n't want to start a debate whether something illegal is necessarily wrong . 
  since the war broke out there has been a massive surge of syrian refugees which indicates that they do n't really want to come here but this is their best option . 
  if you were in their shoes then you 'd give yourself , and more importantly your family , the best prospects possible . 
  i honestly do n't mind refugees or other immigrants which is why i am generally pro-immigration . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  when one option is better than the other then there 's no reason not to pick the better one even if it requires a little more effort . 
  obviously . 
  i enjoy spending time in hungary . 
  they move to london to wash dishes . 
  what do you think that says about hungary ? 
  i honestly do n't see why a syrian would settle in hungary unless they really had to . 
  i do n't know where in hungary you live but in the north west craftsmen are getting more scarce . 
  they work and/or move to austria and germany because they pay more . 
  many syrians are coming to sweden . 
  i do n't know how many are fleeing to our neighboring countries . 
  the quality of life is very high in the nordic countries . 
  well yeah of course you 'd stay in hungary if there are no other options but they still see germany as an option and they 're willing to fight for it because the quality of life is higher . 
  why do you think hungarians are moving to london , germany and austria ? 
  of course i know that hungary has cities . 
  i spend one month a year there . 
  do n't take the analogy out of context . 
  chicago is in illinois and not in wisconsin . 
  but that analogy is besides the point . 
  the point was germany is a better place to live in than hungary . 
  compared to average wages in each country i 'd say it 's definitely more expensive to live in hungary than germany . 
  maybe not in budapest because i 've barely visited the capital city but this is true in gy\u00f6r . 
  i enjoy spending time there but i ca n't see myself living there full-time . 
  better job prospects 2 . 
  more likely that there are people who are similar to yourself . 
  it does n't have to be ny . 
  it can be any larger city . 
  they are thinking ahead . 
  it 's not difficult to travel to germany once you 're in hungary . 
  they can offer their ( future ) family a better life with better opportunities . 
  so you think hungary is a better destination than germany ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  also i understand why people like the countryside but that 's literally the dumbest reason why you 'd want move to ** wis ** consin . 
  they 're not scandinavian anymore . 
  if that 's what you 're after then you should move a nordic country . 
  lol hungarians are leaving hungary because they can make more money elsewhere . 
  i 've been to hungary and i like it there but i can completely understand why one would n't want to settle there . 
  no , are you ? 
  there are better economic prospects in the city than living between the butcher and the bakery . 
  that 's not even the point i 'm making . 
  if you had the opportunity to improve your life by just taking a train , would you do it ? 
  because life in germany is better than a life in hungary . 
  germany is also a very realistic goal . 
  from a non-american perspective . 
  why would i live a small rural state when i could be living in new york ? 
  i understand that it might be frustrating but many times it is n't true . 
  of course they should learn the language but people ( including europeans ) will always retain parts of their culture when they change countries . 
  i honestly do n't see a problem with this as long they speak the language , follow the law , etc. 
  unless the person in question specifies where he or she is from there 's no way of knowing .
