  i honestly do n't know if i should laugh or cry when `` nationalists '' preach their bullshit . 
  i 'm surprised you 've not been called a rapist before . 
  he is integrated . 
  he speaks the language perfectly , is well educated , has a job and loves german culture . 
  do you expect him to change his name to hans schmetterling , color his hair blonde , bleach his skin like michael jackson , forget turkish and abandon his turkish family so people can treat him like a german ? 
  it does n't matter how he self-identifies because some people will always treat him differently because he is n't white . 
  it 's pointless arguing with these kind of people . 
  they do n't seem to understand that one can be multinational or that discrimination causes segregation . 
  what really bothers me about us nordics is that we do n't have the balls to build tall . 
  propaganda is propaganda . 
  [ you should know that rapes are one of the most under reported crimes . 
  according to this pdf 75 to 90 percent of rapes are never reported ( see page 8 ) . 
  ] ( http://www.hmic.gov.uk/media/without-consent-20061231.pdf ) according to one of the sources your link cites there were 480 incidents in milan in 2008 . 
  milan is a city with a population over 1.3 million . 
  does n't figure seem a little bit low to you ? 
  maybe rape victims who 's predator is an italian husband or boyfriend do n't want to report it to the police for social reasons , lack of evidence , family reasons , financial reasons , and mental health reasons . 
  it might be a lot easier to report a rape to the police where a person whom you do n't know has raped you since you have a lot less to lose . 
  [ most rape victims ] ( https://www.rainn.org/get-information/statistics/sexual-assault-victims ) [ know their ] ( http://www.nij.gov/topics/crime/rape-sexual-violence/campus/pages/know-attacker.aspx ) [ attacker . 
  ] ( http://www.rapecrisis.org.uk/commonmyths2.php ) start using your brain critically and do n't believe what the far-right feed you . 
  you should be ashamed of using rape as an argument to decrease immigration and the right of asylum . 
  especially since your political camp opposes feminism . 
  i 'm sure the website you linked and the ones it cites have no agenda whatsoever . 
  that 's an interesting pick ; a danish social democrat . 
  i do n't think there is any reason for her to leave her current post as pm for this job though . 
  but this does not answer who cameron wants to see as commission president, 
  i know this . 
  it has nothing to do with what i asked . 
  who would he like to see as the commission president ? 
  what is this, 
  i think he was sarcastic, 
  how many do you guys think are ukrainian ? 
  the second is the our prime minister on our moon saying :  this thread now belongs to sweden and the third one king with a photoshopped hat saying our national motto  f\u00f6r sverige i tiden but he about / r/sweden instead of sweden . 
  let 's buy one and have it sail outside of russia 's territorial waters, 
  while this is true you have to consider that the distribution of actual influence depends on how many people vote in each country . 
  in slovakia there were 560,603 valid votes out of 4,414,433 eligible votes . 
  there were 43,123 votes per mep on average in slovakia . 
  one party got 1 mep for 32,708 votes . 
  in sweden the party with the fewest voters which received 1 mep had 204,005 votes . 
  duh , they are national socialist / s, 
  more life half of reddit, 
  it clearly says they are socialist on their website . 
  they 've been in parliament for who knows how many years which makes them mainstream . 
  a non-mainstream socialist party is for example r\u00e4ttvisepartiet socialisterna . 
  s is definitely not socialist , they are social democrats . 
  they probably wo n't nationalize schools and they will probably be a lot more careful about raising the tax while everybody knows v would do it . 
  also v would have never abolished the inheritance tax . 
  so they have a popular hiphop group . 
  big deal . 
  the groups who are responsible for violence is rf and afa . 
  the mainstream socialist party got 5.6 % of the votes in 2010 and they have distanced themselves from these groups . 
  these people do n't understand that they are making the far-right into some kind of martyr which normal people then sympathies with . 
  these people should just stop being violent and start holding non-intrusive peaceful protests/demonstrations if they want to show disagreement with the far-right . 
  they are shooting themselves in the foot if they actually care about politics . 
  i thought it was obvious about the eu since we were speaking about politics and that the eu election was yesterday . 
  let 's judge an entire country where many people have different political beliefs based on a very small group of extremists . 
  people in the eu elections vote a lot more freely . 
  in parliamentary elections they vote for who will run the government . 
  in the 2009 eu elections the pirate party got around 7 % of the vote if i recall correctly . 
  in the 2010 parliamentary election they got under 2 % , maybe even less than 1 % . 
  one has to take some of these results with a pinch of salt . 
  also these types of parties ( f ! , pp , sd ) are very good at mobilizing their voters unlike larger parties such as s and especially m . the turnout in the elections this year will most likely be over 80 % meanwhile this eu election we were hovering at around 48 % -50 % . 
  have you heard about `` die partei '' ? 
  if you want a good laugh look it up . 
  the * current * european union ? 
  i thought we were speaking of the one in 60 years in an alternate dimension . 
  there are 2 reasons why these parties are generally skeptical . 
  the first reason is because they 'll say almost anything which is kind of in-line with their political ideology to gain votes and being anti-eu can be politically justified almost everywhere on the political specrum ( ex . 
  they took our jobs , public spending , they do n't respect the welfare state , too conservative , too liberal , not green enough , too green , etc ) . 
  the other reason is generally that they are nationalist and/or far-right and want to have as little to do with the rest of the world as possible . 
  these concepts are fundamental to the european union . 
  also there barely is any military cooperation on the eu level since most countries belong in nato . 
  euroskepicism is just a tool in today 's political climate to gain power ( see ukip , possible tory eu referendum , fn ) . 
  now with their larger influence they will do their best to cause havok and block progress as much as they can . 
  but it 's ok he was for animal rights . 
  so at the end of the day hitler is literally the wwf . 
  when he says europe he probably means collaboration between european countries and many things the eu has built ( such as schengen and the euro ) i.e. 
  the political entity and not the continent . 
  all right wing parties which i know of are anti-eu or eurosceptic . 
  most of them seem to want to eliminate at least one of the four freedoms . 
  where would this place junker and schultz ? 
  how significant is the role of the president of the european commission ? 
  i want to vote for alde which has it 's own presidential candidate who wo n't win . 
  i want to vote for the third largest group ( alde ) and they have their own presidential candidate and will probably vote for him . 
  i do n't think he will be the president of the commission . 
  how are the other commissioners elected ? 
  does the commission president hand-pick them ? 
  i find this all very confusing . 
  the current national swedish government is a minority coalition composed of 4 parties and they have different minister posts . 
  another option is to have the company run by the local government which charges its customers and the profits made will be spent on expansion and better infrastructure ( together with government investments ) . 
  this also allows private companies to have services in the area because they can compete since the service would n't be free . 
  while i agree with some of the points but this makes it so tourists and other people who do not live in tallin ride the bus for free . 
  why should the people of tallin pay the ride for non-residents ? 
  also if it 's government owned then people who do n't use public transportation also have to pay . 
  public transportation is not something which is a need in a similar way like health services or education . 
   page 8 : reasons for usage of firearms 2012 do german people not hunt ? 
  of course . 
  we do n't want a visit from voteman . 
  i guess he hates his own heritage, 
  because we do n't like to register to read an entire article, 
  yes please let 's join already .
