  so are you willing to commit genocide ??? 
  but there are two already . 
  are you calling for genocide on a small scale ? 
  how is this possible if the rest of the 2 billion muslims want to live in sweden , germany , the uk , france , the netherlands , austria , every other village in hungary and the united states simultaneously ? 
  how many million people would you distribute per city/country/village ? 
  not even close to 2 million, 
  it would be interesting to see the actual difference between the rankings 6th and 7th can be a lot closer than 3rd and 4th . 
  as far as i remember svd reported there is a high chance for him to be in the melodifestivalen . 
  he has to win it to be able to participate in the esc . 
  if you read his reply he will tell you about the democracy in romania . 
  well someone else you replied to me does n't agree with you . 
  i think economic reasons were more important than war efforts . 
  which is irrelevant . 
  that sucks big time . 
  hungary seems to be also going through similar reformations to become a much more authoritarian state . . 
  i was more thinking about regulations and requirements eu countries must have . 
  i know that eastern europeans come here to do honest work . 
  i do n't have a problem with that . 
  but it 's scary to see tough laws about democracy and elections . 
  hopefully eastern european countries like you said will get back on track . 
  the problem with `` shady '' politics it may become worse . 
  however the country is in the eu so hopefully there will be some positive reformation in terms of being elected to parliament . 
  i see . 
  many eastern european countries had a lot of potential for fast economic growth before 2009 . 
  i was more thinking about the requirement to enter parliament is very tough . 
  do you know what other countries opposed the eu membership ? 
  how did this country get admitted to the eu ? 
  fair enough , 
  do you consider those countries as major european states ? 
  i think he was talking about nations with a populatiom of 50m or more . 
   if you are used to casual torture and execution for minor infractions , life in a warm , cozy prison is paradise . 
  casual torture and execution ? 
  there is nothing casual about torture or execution . 
  also living in a `` cozy prison '' for life is not paradise . 
  i understand that you are comparing the two punishments but anything in comparison to torture is `` paradise '' , even the death penalty because it the actual punishment is short . 
  are you running out of arguments ? 
   and japan . 
  japan is n't a western country . 
  there are also plenty of other non-western countries which have abolished the death penalty like ~ ~ brazil ~ ~ columbia , mexico and namibia . 
   if i supported these punishments , i would want them over here . 
  but i am not - so instead of locking the perpretator up for life , i am giving him a chance of life in freedom in a surrounding more suited to his worldview . 
  in an earlier post you said we disagree on execution , unless you misunderstood me let me clarify : i am against the death penalty . 
  a life in * freedom * ? 
  more like a chance of getting tortured and killed . 
  are you trolling me ? 
  if a person is fleeing his country because of torture , then how does deporting him have a realistic chance of being free ? 
  also assaulting old ladies is not okay in any worldview . 
   obviously , the same punishment is either not given , or it does n't impress them , maybe because they are being used to worse in their host countries . 
  could you please rephrase this ? 
   we disagree on the execution part . 
   nationality has nothing to do with it . 
  if a person becomes a danger to society , society should rid itself of that person . 
  attacking a senior citizen for no good reason and willfully accepting her death as a potential consequence has shown the people involved have no regards for a peaceful coexistance , and further acts of violence are to be expected . 
  then why are you discussing this with me ? 
  you would have wanted the person executed regardless . 
  the modern and humane way of `` ridding '' the person from society is to put the him or her in jail for life until the unlikely event of new evidence showing up which proves the then-criminal to be innocent . 
  a death sentence is permanent , a jail one can be reversed . 
  also there are people who would not testify against a person who could face the death penalty which in theory could leave a guilty individual free . 
  every westernized country except for the united states have abolished the death penalty ( and torture which the us still use in guantanamo ) and deportation can be an indirect death sentence and/or torture . 
  unless you support both of these punishments , and as you stated nationality has nothing to do with this and that you only support the death penalty and not torture , there are no arguments for deportation . 
  actually i do get your point . 
  and no you should n't be allowed to be an asshole in your host country without any serious consequences . 
  they should face the same punishment as everybody else . 
  from the last sentence you wrote you are basically condoning torture and the death penalty for non-nationals , and using the term `` unfriendly '' is a harsh understatement . 
  no person under * any circumstance * should be executed or tortured by the state ( or anyone else for that matter ) . 
  and actually , i do n't think you got my point or i do n't think you value human life as something which should be preserved regardless of nationality . 
  because they might be * tortured or executed * . 
  fair enough if the person is from a democratic country such as germany or japan where they can continue living a normal life if they are sent back . 
  we ca n't save everyone from * crimes against humanity * but us sending individuals back to those types of countries and at the same time condemning these types of laws is extremely hypocritical . 
  deport them to where ? 
  a country that might torture and execute the victim ? 
  many refugees come from these types of places . 
  refugees who commit crimes should face the same punishment as everybody else , a deportation can mean a death sentence . 
  o-zone is from moldova, 
  check out democracy 2 . 
  i really like number 3, 
  in theory you could give the free vote to the state which has the worst ratio population/votes . 
   the current total of all states ' votes is 538 , so the winner needs at least 270 . 
  if there is a tie ... could n't this be solved by giving a state 1 more vote ? 
  not really . 
  look at your national debt and then look at [ this graph ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-11645975 ) which shows many billions portugal is contributing to the eu budget . 
  murdering your own child has nothing to do with what religion you follow . 
  this person did this because she was mentally ill . she could have used any other object . 
  let the people and the market decide . 
  if we do n't want to buy israeli products then we wo n't . 
  if we do then we will buy them . 
  that 's my point . 
  starting a new life in a different country is not leeching , unless you live on social welfare . 
  if you get a job then you immediately start paying tax and the education has already been paid for by the country of origin . 
  to help to stop the financial crisis is the goal so it does n't spread to other large eu economies which most likely will affect the uk and other eu countries . 
  it 's a ridiculous expectation . 
  the pound is stable and will most likely be stable for centuries . 
  you ca n't blame the currency . 
  if greece did not have the euro then they 'd still most likely be bankrupt ( or semi-bankrupt ) and then they 'd devalue their currency and print money . 
  that 's a grave simplification of the problem . 
  the financial crisis can potentially spread to almost every country including the uk . 
  did i ever say that it had to do with a separate european bailout ? 
  the uk would have done that regardless . 
  ireland is n't far away from the uk . 
  if they would n't have been bailed out then ireland would eventually get economically destroyed .
