  assimilation in my opinion is when you drop at least a big portion of your own culture . 
  i think everybody can agree with that immigrants ( or anyone else for that matter ) should follow the law , not commit crimes and pay tax . 
  living a normal life . 
   i 'm not scared , i am sensible . 
  there is a difference . 
  someday you might figure that out . 
  and , i might add , our constitution is not a holy book . 
  it never has been . 
  it is dictated by the people . 
  we have changed it several times already . 
  we also have different laws than freedom of religion and freedom of speech ( in case you did not know ) . 
  you are in denial . 
  you are scared of parallel societies . 
  you are scared of different cultures because you think they might cause national instability . 
  sweden has had religious freedom since 1952 . 
  i consider it a part of swedish culture . 
  i have a hard time believing that religious freedom is a new concept in denmark . 
   so , let me reiterate ... we got a british guy from the uk who spend most of his time in sudan and magically you think i wish to revoke his uk citizenship because he spends a lot of time in sudan ? 
  what ? 
  you said a person has to be culturally danish to be have ( or acquire ) danish citizenship . 
  he is not culturally english and i do n't think he will ever consider himself english , yet he still holds a uk citizenship . 
  there are many people who think that children of immigrants or visitors should not have a citizenship because the child was born in that country . 
   then scandinavia might not be the place for you to live . 
  our government is everywhere . 
  it 's one of the reasons why it is the best place on earth to live . 
  sweden is the right place for me to live . 
  maybe not denmark . 
  stockholm is one of the most liberal cities in scandinavia and i am not alone here ( neither in stockholm , sweden or scandinavia ) who has this political opinion . 
  however i know that places like the rural areas in sm\u00e5land is no place for me . 
  too conservative and too racist . 
   what i am talking about however is not telling you what religion to believe in . 
  you can have choices . 
  only the state will control these religions and what they preach . 
  you can be a muslim , but the islam you will follow is a heavily modified one - one that suits our society . 
  it would give all the good things religion can give , while probably avoiding most of the bad . 
  you ca n't tell by law what people should believe in . 
  they are allowed to believe in the craziest things but if they ever break the law they will be punished . 
  every person interprets his or her own religion their own way . 
  most things people believe are compatible with a free society . 
  this includes christians , jews and muslims . 
  it 's all about how conservative the person is . 
  people try to justify their bad actions using their religion . 
  we can agree that this is wrong . 
  the state should never tell what a person should or should not believe , this is regarding both people or politics . 
  it 's not the role of the state to decide that , at least not in a free society . 
  i wo n't let my government spoon feed me about what is right or wrong . 
  it 's the people who should tell the government what is right or wrong . 
  it 's called democracy . 
  we vote for our government . 
  anything else would be fascist , theocratical or communist . 
  education kills almost all extremism which you seem to be very afraid of . 
   religion is a part of society , wish it or not . 
  why should the state no organize religion in a way that is benign to the rest of society ? 
  take down all of the extremist churches and mosques and replace them with supervised moderate churches and mosques with a heavy humanist and philosophic influence . 
  that would be preferable to letting madness run amok in society . 
  in sweden state and church is split . 
  that is a reason to why the state should n't interfere with the church . 
  religion in sweden is a very small part of society . 
  the church has little to no power . 
  education will prevent extremism . 
  a good way of avoiding the start of extremism is to supply society with normal churches and normal mosques . 
  we do n't want saudi oil barons to fund wahhabi and salafist mosques because there are n't any mosques in the first place . 
  when extremism is started it is not a simple task to eradicate it . 
  pushing mosques underground makes it more vulnerable to extremism . 
   just because it is a law , then it does not make it a value . 
  stop being an idiot , please . 
  in sweden it a swedish value and tradition . 
  it has been law for a very long time . 
  tolerance is a swedish value . 
  saying anything else as a swede is unswedish . 
  as i do n't think it is very different in denmark . 
  yeah i 'm not going there anytime soon . 
  more like never . 
  he keeps coming back . 
  it 's just other italian politicians and prime ministers do n't call important people in the european parliament as gestapo ( or whatever he said ) . 
  berlusconi is one of the loudest politicians ever . 
  many of the crazy things he does is when he is n't even in power . 
   sometimes foreign culture is a bad culture , i 'm sorry to break it to you . 
  sometimes you have to civilize them . 
  that aside then yes , poverty plays a part , but so does a complete lack of assimilation . 
  who would want to hire someone that can not even speak the language properly , someone who do not know the law and/or someone that by his/her mere affiliation with problem people cause damage to the image of the business ? 
  i know it is harsh , but that is reality . 
  people would want someone who has a higher chance of not becoming a problem . 
  and yes ghettos are not gone because they are built upon the poor foundation of past integration , not current integration . 
  some indigenous culture is bad . 
  like binge drinking . 
  learning the indigenous language ! = assimilation . 
  it is important to learn the indigenous language . 
  have the current integration laws at least improved the ghettos ? 
  has limited immigration shown an improvement among the immigrants who are already here ? 
  ghettos can be caused by many different things . 
  like ** poverty ** . 
  you are free to leave . 
  it is not forced at all . 
  assimilation would be a condition for you to be a danish citizen . 
  you do n't understand what forced is . 
  that is a typical scandinavian answer , just leave people alone , let people be . 
  also i do n't know why you keep rambling about citizenship . 
  i have hardly spoken about it . 
   why ?
