  i bet the majority of those people do n't live in europe and that they 've never even met a muslim . 
  that 's almost 200 years . 
  that 's older than germany ( if you exclude the holy roman empire ) and italy . 
  norway 's first unification was over 1000 years ago . 
  does it actually matter why belgium did n't want to be in union with the netherlands ? 
  today belgium is one country . 
  i still think differences can be set a side if you 've been living with them for so long . 
  edit : derp, 
  it 's tragic because belgium has been united for so many years . 
  it 's sad to see it split because of some differences . 
  the belgian national motto is the exact opposite for a split , or the death of a nation . 
  that 's tragic , not interesting . 
  unified army and unified security policies would be something i 'm for . 
  but not necessarily a unification . 
  better become an employer and not an employee, 
  the unemployed already pay tax , it 's called vat . 
  brb moving to deutschland, 
  we have a much older democratic tradition than some countries which is maybe why obligatory voting could be good for some countries . 
  one could see that with freedom comes with responsibility . 
  also , in theory , if one group of people like to vote and another do n't the population 's ideologies would be disproportionate in the parliament . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with this but i can see where such a system can be useful create a democratic culture and democratic society and there is nothing from stopping one to vote blank . 
  well he could have gone back to milan , right ? 
  an article with that title could have literally been posted in / r/nottheonion, 
  could it be because younger people usually use social media more than other age groups and that opinions which do n't have a majority are very loud ( especially if politically incorrect ) ? 
  this is absolutely ridiculous, 
  then fire ze missilez, 
  about time . 
  finally can use my phone normally at my second country . 
  me neither . 
  way too late for that . 
  my father was from hungary . 
  there was always someone who was listening . 
  in the trains , markets , and hotels . 
  i do n't know if wiretapping existed back then but the xbox one would be the most convenient product ever for a communist government . 
  a 24/7 spy in the living room . 
  i do n't want our society in europe become like that again . 
  we must always question , criticize and never trust the government . 
  the day we stop is the day we lose our freedoms , one day at a time . 
  we ca n't ban windows . 
  we unfortunately use that too much . 
  however , we can ban a console which has n't been released yet . 
  too bad it 's not cut off in 28 member states . 
  1984 style ~ ~ telescreens ~ ~ consoles should n't be allowed to be sold . 
  we ca n't give up our freedoms in this manner . 
  the eu parliamentary elections had 43 % turnout . 
  however belgium had 91 % which shows that it 's very possible to have a high turnout . 
  my country had 37 % turnout in 2004 and 46 % in 2009 . 
  in slovakia only 20 % voted . 
  i believe if each eu member would do more to engage its citizens to take part of democracy then the turnouts would be better . 
  if you compare the swiss federal election with sweden 's general election one can see that the switzerland had below 50 % and sweden had almost 85 % turnout . 
  all of switzerland 's referendums in the past 2 years have been below 50 % . 
  some below 40 % . 
  direct democracy also has a lower turnout . 
  or any extreme anti-eu critics . 
  the day the eu becomes the eu-ssr is the day they open concentration camps in northern sweden and finland which is something what will never happen . 
  does it actually matter ? 
  obama promised change and then continued with anti-democratic laws . 
  the presidential candidates will say whatever to get votes and then do whatever to give the state more power . 
  what 's the difference between lobbying and corruption ( or bribery ) ? 
  and they want to join the eu, 
  southern sweden is known for having stronger anti-immigrant views than the majority of all the other provinces in sweden . 
  the social democratic major in malm\u00f6 ilmar reepalu ( who is an immigrant ) has said antisemitic statements . 
  some conservatives in southern sweden do n't want to accept any refugee children . 
  there are people who have these opinions but they are a lot louder than the majority who do n't . 
  one can always find controversial politicians . 
  bringing this footage which is 11 years old where a local politician says these things is trying too hard . 
  i think it has to connect once a day ( or so ) and that the kinect has to be on . 
  i think standards should be set so no products which will be bought by the masses semi-advertises itself that it has to be on at all times ca n't be sold until that feature is removed . 
  i really do n't see that as a problem . 
  for me it 's common sense . 
  and when i said that there is n't an elite which can purchase certain items i meant that from a legal perspective . 
  there are n't banned products which only the ultra-rich can buy . 
  even if it may appear to be irrational people should always fear and criticize their government and never take anything for granted . 
  oh god please no more sissy/gay sweden jokes, 
  he might not want it because he does n't feel that he is swedish . 
  whether you like it or not the government regulates and sets standards and criteria on products which are for sale . 
  why should it be different for a gaming console with a `` feature '' which can spy on you if they already do so with meat , cars and other important products ? 
  nobody is taking your rights away . 
  there is n't a certain elite who can buy certain products which you can not . 
  there is nothing stopping microsoft to comply with standards set by the government and/or the eu so they can sell their products on the european market ( s ) . 
  when a company enters the into the eu market and sells to european consumers then they must follow eu ( and national ) laws . 
  if they are caught giving away ( or selling ) information to a third party about eu customers such as the us government then there has to be serious repercussions . 
  if they ca n't follow the laws then they should n't be in this market ( which they ca n't resist ) or pay the potential consequences . 
  it 's not a coincidence that they translate youtube to swedish . 
  it 's authoritarian governments which are causing all the problems . 
  with wire-tapping , surveillance , `` anti-terror '' laws , invasion of privacy and similar ends up harming economic freedom . 
  this might sound hypocritical but products such as the xbox one has to be banned in europe until the 1984 in it is removed . 
  governments need to do more to protect the simple man 's personal freedom . 
  we humans are too stupid and we give it away for personal convenience . 
  it might be a waste of time but i hope that in the future eu and national governments will take a tougher stance against companies which offer the best service available ( many times free ) at the cost of freedom . 
  the engineers at these companies are bright , i 'm sure there has to be a way to separate information country by country in servers spread through multiple countries . 
  you may be right about them not breaking laws now . 
  i am not an expert in law but it 's plausible to think that handing over information through such a backdoor is illegal ( or at least should be ) . 
  they are also selling service to european consumers and probably have multiple divisions based in europe , hell they translate it multiple to european languages . 
  if they operate in europe must they not also comply with eu law ? 
  if youtube has to block certain videos in certain countries because of the law then it makes sense that they have to follow all regulations . 
  letting for-profit businesses run schools with government money ? 
  what could possibly ever go wrong ? 
  * really * wants to be a part of the nordic club . 
  to be honest it 's getting a bit old with all this swirclejerking on reddit .
