  however for very many people a unification would feel horrible . 
  it 's possible but it wo n't be easy . 
  i do n't think we would be able to decide on where to have the capital city . 
  may i ask why denmark should decide on this matter ? 
  whether this is good or not should n't this been greenland 's choice ? 
  may i ask if you voted in the european parliament election in 2009 ? 
  assuming you were 18 then . 
  i know swedish politics . 
  i 'm swedish and i live here . 
  almost all alternative media is very biased , especially blogs like politisktinkorrekt , avpixlat and alliansfrittsverige . 
  sd are not fascist but they are a lot more authoritarian than all other parties . 
  ekeroth was a known supporter of pi and avpixlat which are known to be racist . 
  also based on things sd politicians have said ( racist slurs , comments from local politicians ) and done ( like their commercial before the last election ) it 's pretty clear that they are racist but not fascist ( even thought i would n't be surprised if many fascists support the party ) . 
  i do n't know much about ukip but i know that df is responsible for [ messed up laws regarding marriages . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-12366676 ), 
  of course the local politicians had to step down . 
  they can only do more damage than good . 
  how do you think they would look like if they did n't step down ? 
  it did n't take long for almqvist to resign from his position as economic spokesman in sd but it took him a month to renounce his membership in sd . 
  oh , and almqvist is now a `` consultant '' for sd . 
  ekeroth resigned from his position in sd but he is still a member . 
  their roots . 
  http://i.imgur.com/mglh4.jpg http://i.imgur.com/bj2l5.jpg edit : translation for the poster :  wake up sweden !, 
   problem : massimmigration . 
   effect : poverty . 
   solution : deportation . 
   sweden democrats  warning !, 
  to swedish ladies !, 
   avoid unprotected sex with niggers who have deadly aids !, 
   preferably : do n't dishonor your race ,  your sweden , your family and relatives . 
   only have an abortion if it 's an emergency . 
   preserve sweden swedish !, 
   because he 's a scapegoat who got attacked by his own party when he actually tried to take action against the roseng\u00e5rd muslims . 
   so instead he decided to follow the party whip and go against the victims . 
  what actions did he try to take ? 
  roseng\u00e5rd was known for being antisemitic before there were muslims living there . 
  he made a bad choice . 
  a politician should always do his or her own best to help and protect the weakest and the vulnerable people in society . 
   not going to comment on that guy 's arguments but leif gw among other criminologists pretty much admit as much ( even sarnecki , political as he is , admitted swedes only top the drunk driving crimes nowadays on sr ) and norway , denmark and finland 's statistics show that as well . 
  particularly when it comes to assault rapes but also in the family due to the whole medieval women views deal . 
  do you have a source of what you said ? 
  he said that immigrants and people with foreign background are [ overrepresented in rape . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=1aywj3ueqg0 )  the 59 % increase ( after considering law changes and counting that differs ) over the last 10 years is however a new problem . 
  it 's a problem . 
  however to claim that it is a new problem you have to look at statistics from 1992 or a similar to year to observe how much it has increased . 
  these statistics are difficult to interpret because there are different definitions of sexual violence or rape for every eu country . 
  especially like you said the definition has been widened . 
  if you divide the amount of rapes reported with the population england and wales are very similar to sweden . 
  if you do the same with germany you will that germany is a lot lower . 
  but then if you compare the conviction rate then the countries suddenly become a lot more similar . 
  cause these people are extreme and are violent . 
  this is why it is a problem . 
  that 's a bad analogy . 
  you 're assuming all immigrants are parasites . 
  and you ca n't compare a household to an entire country considering you do n't own the country and that an immigrant might actually own land . 
  * a slightly * better analogy would be if i had a spare room and somebody would ask if i could rent it out for them . 
  i 'd like to go to the moon :(, 
  we have to combat segregation and we have combat the far-right . 
  two vocal groups of the opposite poles is never good . 
  if people would just learn to live in piece none of this would matter ... 
  how humane . 
  you have another form of extremism . 
  the golden dawn . 
  if a person commits a crime then he or she should be punished equally . 
  just cause the person has a different belief does n't mean the person should be treated differently . 
  if there are two people in this hypothetical situation , one is an extremist and the other is an average criminal . 
  the crime they committed should give them both 5 years in jail . 
  should the person who is an extremist have only 3 years and then have the option to migrate to lebanon is saudi arabia ( alternatively no prison at all ) ? 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  everybody should be equal under the order of law . 
  if an extremist stole from me or assaulted me i would n't want that person to go away with no punishment . 
  this person would obviously choose the leave the country if the person thinks he or she could lead a better life there . 
  also there is no way of knowing that the country which they 'd like to travel to would accept them . 
  do n't forget in this comment thread i was speaking about people who are citizens and the converts you were speaking of . 
   you seem to be able to tell none , ignoring all the lessons from history . 
  you are delusional if you believe europe will descend into a new nazi germany because of muslims . 
   what if i told you that yesterday you also had no `` muslim patrols '' all over uk , and today you suddenly have them ? 
  and that yesterday , you had a healthy jewish community in malm\u00f6 , and today you have none ? 
  you think i am not aware of this ? 
  people who commit hate crimes and assault and what not should be prosecuted regardless if it is against muslims or jews . 
  the social democratic major illmar reepalu has done nothing for the jewish community . 
  he has been accused of anti-semitism . 
  he indirectly blames the jews in malm\u00f6 of the actions israel . 
  he has been criticizer by his own party . 
  i do n't know how he is still in office . 
  also this example is in one city . 
   learn to extrapolate , swede . 
  i dont have a growing muslim population in my home country , you do . 
  it is your ass ( or even more likely , your girlfriend 's ) the `` muslim patrols '' will get , not mine . 
  i 'm safe . 
  where in the article does it say that immigrants are committing most of the rapes ? 
  where does it say muslims are doing this ? 
  [ rape is unfortunately not a new problem in sweden . 
  ] ( http://www.rcne.com/downloads/repspubs/attritn.pdf )  i am merely astonished how the whole of western europe , not even 100 years after the nazis ravished it , is allowing a new form of nazism in the form of islam to get a foot in the door and let their schutzstaffel equivalents patrol european cities again like it is 1933 . 
  islam is not a new nazism . 
  the muslims i know are not extreme and some of them are even more liberal than i am . 
  you ca n't be a moderate nazi . 
  by convincing people it is a new nazism you strike fear into people which leads them to having irrational and ignorant thoughts about a group of people whom they 've never met . 
  by making statements like you just said proves you are a racist . 
  maybe you do n't think muslims are a race but the average jew in israel is going to look different then the jew during the holocaust .
