  how christian were your great grandparents ? 
  how intolerant were they to jews or to homosexual people ? 
  these type of statement you just made are very hostile and just as intolerant like the muslims who want sharia and think that women are inferior to them . 
  religious extremist groups are not very different from far-right groups , both incite hatred towards non-members and members support each other . 
  almost all these questions can be answered with a no . 
  something that the article ( or blogpost ) should have mentioned . 
  tl ; dr uk and sweden have large public sectors , non emu , sweden 's economy has grown by 4.5 % since the global recession and the uk 's economy has shrunk by 4.5 % . 
  i was hoping for something more analytic , insightful and/or informative . 
  i think slovenia can be close . 
  their proximity to one of the wealthiest parts of italy and to austria is the key . 
  it is also a very small country ( both geographically and population ) so one side of the country will be similar to the opposite side , unlike hungary where there are large differences between the western and eastern side of the country . 
  a sweden democrat and not a social democrat !, 
  they are not the same thing !, 
  he seems to be the [ svd ] ( http://www.svd.se ) type of troll . 
  if you speak swedish then you should check it out and look at the news articles with +200 comments and read the most popular comments and you can see what type of person you are dealing with . 
   a ) eu gets a single language , and that language is english . 
  this is actually supremely important for a currency area ( source : economics , lots to read about this ) since it helps with mobility of labor . 
  it 'd also reduce concern about german overlordship and it 'd be the one big concession squeezed out of france for being on the borderlines . 
  as a finn i would almost insist on this : without a shared language to allow for easy movement of labor , we 're just sitting on yet another currency related time bomb . 
  can you elaborate this a bit more ? 
  are you talking about that english as a second language should be mandatory in school ? 
  or all legal documents in every country should be translated into english ? 
   b ) some sort of federal level bureau of investigation to deal with worries of corruption . 
  the hq of this should not be placed in germany ( sorry germans , but we 're not ready for a secret police in germany yet ) but rather in a nordic country or possibly britain ( if it sticks with the eu through the tighter integration ) . 
  actually i 'd prefer britain not get it . 
  not because they are n't excellent at policing , but because one wonders how legitimately they would go against the financial sector . 
  all of this would work wonders with problems like greek tax evasion . 
  i agree , we need more ( con ) federal agencies especially dealing with corruption . 
  i do n't think the location of the base is very important but i think it would be preferred that it would be located in a smaller country with a relatively healthy economy and with the least corruption in the eu ( wien , helsinki , stockholm , copenhagen , amsterdam ? ), 
   c ) similar setup to the us where a higher level government can take direct control of the finances if the local government is unable to meet their obligations ( so in this case , brussels could take over the greek finances ) this sounds a lot easier than what it actually is . 
  it 's a good idea but who should decide when enough is enough ? 
  a majority vote in a potential senate ( each country has one vote ) ? 
  i am for the euro but in a couple of years when the situation is a lot more certain and when our politicians got enough balls to switch to the euro . 
  cool story ? 
  maybe you 're right , but i do n't care about up or downvotes . 
  i just like discussing . 
   that just demonstrates how naive you are . 
  it 's not society that has to adapt to its immigrants , it 's the immigrants that have to adapt to their new society . 
  people have alienated immigrants all over history and for the most part , those who integrated where those who seriously made an effort to adapt to their new country 's culture . 
  you are the one who is naive if you want to live in the past . 
  for many people it is hard because it 's a culture shock and because the loss of contacts ( friends , family , etc. ) . 
  it 's difficult to integrate when you 're surrounded by other immigrants who are poor . 
  nobody likes living in slums . 
   it was never the other way around and it 's certainly not the average swede 's fault that immigrants from africa shut themselves in slums and live as outcasts . 
  i never said it 's the average swede 's fault . 
  however it would help if the xenophobes would start being a bit more tolerant . 
  it helps a lot for the immigrants who are productive and who want to be productive . 
   the other day there was on the news that they were going to deport a portuguese who was living there for 32 years and had a job and a whole family ( wife , 4 children and 2 grandchildren all with canadian citizenship ) all because his papers did n't came through and he was technically illegal ... canada 's `` successful integration '' is because they 're so strict and closed , not because they 're open-minded and welcomed . 
  this makes sense / sarcasm but he will most likely be able to return because of family . 
   so valid political arguments are arguments that you agree with ? 
  the protests are hatred , not political arguments . 
   also , i think you 're generalizing the protesters . 
  think whatever you want . 
  all of them dislike immigration . 
  most of them probably dislike islam ( and/or muslims or other immigrants ) and do n't understand that they are contributing to segregation and alienation of immigrants which is a huge problem . 
  they are just dressed much nicely and discreet compared to the nationalist skinheads 20 years ago . 
  this person is obviously a bigot . 
  she is pretty much blaming all the problems on immigrants , like rape and crime . 
  interestingly she does n't compare swedish rape statistics to bosnian or turkish statistics ( aka . 
  countries with a muslims majority which are relatively close to sweden ) . 
  i think it 's pretty safe to assume that the majority of the rapes are by swedes because swedes are the majority . 
  this person should move to a different country because she hates sweden . 
  she is either extremely stupid or actually wants a nazi society where only swedes live . 
  she is delusional , she thinks `` islam '' will `` take over '' europe . 
  under tage erlander , right after the second world war , there was a large influx of immigrants because there was a large demand of labor for swedish industry . 
  the immigrants who came then comprised mostly of turkish ( including christian assyrians ) , italian , and yugoslav immigrants . 
  most of these immigrants are either assimilated or integrated in swedish society because of two reasons . 
  the first is that they are raised here and their parents have lived here for a long time , and the second one is that they are a part of the middle class . 
  what are the odds that a well off person commits a street crime compared to a poor person , regardless of nationality or ethnicity ? 
  many immigrants are allowed to come here because of family ties , but since 2010 it is only allowed if the relative living in sweden has enough income to support him or herself . 
  however these rules do not apply to children and their parent ( s ) ( these are also other circumstances where the rule does n't apply ) . 
  the majority do n't share her view . 
  even people who are against immigration do n't hate sweden the way she does . 
  even muslim extremists like sweden more than she does . 
  she is disgusting and it 's no wonder she is an outcast . 
  there are literally no words for her . 
  the public laughed at her when they were not in shock . 
  this was the most racist speech i 've heard for a very long time . 
   islam is n't a fucking race . 
  not every criticism of the holy and almighty brown man and his holy and perfect religion comes from racist sentiments . 
   the thing is , no christians ( at least in europe ) do that . 
  the same ca n't be said about muslims ( and jews for that matter ) that still try to enforce genital mutilation , for example . 
  this person claimed to be speaking about islam and not muslims . 
  so according to what he is saying the actions or inaction by christians are irrelevant . 
  but assuming if it was ontopic : almost all european countries are democracies , our governments are secular resulting in a secular legal code . 
  secular societies leads to atheism or liberal religious beliefs . 
  religion is not pushed onto us like it is in the middle east where almost all countries are dictatorships and/or theocracies . 
   if you 're just going to shout racism when people mention that some assholes use religion as an excuse to act as barbarians , then you 're not helping , you 're just ignoring the problem . 
  i `` shout racism '' when people keep talking about `` muslims '' as if all of them are the same and not individual people . 
  of course there are some muslims who still are n't integrated properly in western society . 
  because of free speech and free religion they can uphold their beliefs but if they ever commit any crimes they will be fined or put into jail . 
  just like any other person would . 
  hopefully our secular society will ( and should ) eliminate religious extremism , especially in young people . 
  a problem we have in europe is that there are too many people who want to alienate immigrants , especially muslims . 
  which leads to extremism , crime and slums . 
  if we can make immigrants feel more welcome then many of the problem should be solved by themselves . 
  i do n't know much about canada but it seems that their attitude is very different from our 's and their integration is successful . 
  both apply, 
  if you do n't understand this then please do n't lecture me about sweden . 
  of course islam is n't a `` race '' .
