   how would i know if i see them as a burden ? 
  i have n't met them , do n't know who they are or where they come from . 
  if i am to make broad generalizations then ( iirc ) you can already within the eu simply move from one country to another and ( given legislation ) you can still vote in your nation for elections . 
  i do n't think we should give out citizenships to everyone that asks . 
  it 's stupid and naive to a fault . 
  however i see no reason why they should not be able to work here and if in the eu ( or nordic union ) move here and live with their so . 
  i just do n't think they should be allowed to vote and thus govern if they do not assimilate . 
  i never said anything about citizenship . 
  if i marry a woman from iran and assuming i do it for love then how is it different than marrying a french woman ? 
  why should these two be considered different ? 
   and how the hell is that our problem ? 
  i 'm sorry if i am being cold , but damn it , it is not the sole prerogative of scandinavia to save a world of hungry orphans . 
  grow up . 
  people run from their country . 
  people die by the thousands . 
  it is just not our job to pick up the trash these people leave in their wake . 
  we 're not mommy and daddy earth . 
  we 're not even 1 % of the entire human population for crying out loud . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with them coming here , but they have to earn it . 
  if you want freedom , there 's duty attached . 
  you are definitely being cold . 
  i never said it 's scandinavia 's task to do this . 
  i think all countries who have the means to accept at least some refugees should do so . 
  of course this ca n't be forced however if more countries accept refugees then it evens out per capita . 
  when denmark restricted their immigration laws then more refugees seeked asylum in sweden , essentially dumping them to us . 
  would n't you agree that if less people suffered the world would be a better place ? 
   there is a reason their society do n't work - it 's primitive and its population brainwashed . 
  or have you considered that these countries are brutal dictatorships run by religious zealots or by crazy people ? 
  or that some of these countries are poor or that the wealth distribution is extremely uneven ? 
  many western countries have benefited from colonialism which these countries have not . 
  do you honestly believe that countries like the uk would have been this good off if they had never colonized half of the world ? 
   and why not ? 
  why are you so scared of requiring people to be danish before they get danish citizenship ? 
  what is so inherently wrong about that ? 
  why should we open our borders to everyone else , and let foreigners walk in without prohibition , and let them decide our nation 's future ? 
  it 's not bloody evil to limit and control immigration it is bloody sensible . 
  why should the goal to be a danish citizen ? 
  i do n't think i could ever drop my national identity to gain citizenship in another country . 
  possibly i could become multinational and have multiple citizenships but i could never drop being swedish . 
  but as long as i contribute to society i do n't see why i would be a burden . 
  it 's your opinion that immigration has gone out of hand . 
  not everybody shares it . 
  yes . 
  but it 's important that they are committed . 
  it 's very frustrating that they are doubting if they should stay in the union or not . 
  there is no civil war in the first two territories you mention . 
  an independent kurdistan is too complicated because it lies in many different countries . 
  china is multicultural . 
  there are different languages and different cultures in china . 
  there is not one universal chinese culture . 
  it 's absurd to think that there is one culture in china when there are over 1 billion people living there . 
  anyhow , i do n't believe we should look up to a brutal dictatorship like china . 
  i still do n't understand how it increases national stability and you have no evidence that it does that . 
  i already explained to you why it violates personal freedom . 
  the state should never explicitly tell what to believe and what not to believe , what foods the person like and what values a person should have . 
  a democratic country should protect freedom of speech , freedom of thought and freedom of religion . 
  these concepts should apply for everyone , not only the indigenous population . 
  these ideas are not compatible with forced assimilation . 
  you seem to think all immigrants are bad and are a burden for society . 
  if they work and follow the law then they are helping it more than many other natives who are criminal or are living off society . 
  as i said earlier there are many reasons to move to a different country . 
  for example there might be a company who wants foreign expertise because there are n't enough danes . 
  there is also love where a person might want to live in denmark because his or her so comes from denmark . 
  do you see these people as a burden ? 
  if these authoritarian and nationalist policies were set into place you would scare these types of people away because denmark ( or any other country ) needs these types of people . 
  also people are fleeing from countries which do not tolerate them for being different . 
  i believe that we , the first world , should help some of these people to be free , especially when they flee here begging for mercy . 
  they want to live here because they want to be free , not because they want to become swedish or danish . 
  with privilege comes duty ... 
  yes i agree . 
  they pay their taxes , do n't commit crimes and function in society . 
  assimilate should never be a national duty . 
  you must be delusional to think any other policy than assimilation causes national instability . 
  especially when voluntary assimilation already happens by immigrants having children . 
  that is true because their power is very limited these days . 
  however governments can get away with abusing minorities . 
  many people do n't remember that ukrainians were put into camps in wwi in canada . 
  same can be said about the japanese in wwii . 
  of course the inquisition was a lot more brutal but the point i am making is that the people who are in power always get away with committing horrible actions . 
  in the past ? 
  so you 're saying that the bible has been altered for the better ? 
  we are strictly speaking of the religion and not it 's followers . 
  powerchicken claims that he has no problems and does not think muslims are psychotic in general . 
  the exact same thing as a religion with followers . 
  just an idea . 
  something you ca n't touch . 
  the real concern people who are critics of islam are muslims . 
  so you have no actual data . 
  just your own speculation . 
  i never said anything about living unconditionally . 
  i clearly stated the person pays tax , follows the law and minds his or her own business . 
  how can society demand more from this person ? 
  this person is already actively contributing more than some of the natives ( unemployed , criminals ) . 
  people have the freedom to choose their own culture . 
  why should society ** demand ** that the person drops his or her own national identity in favor of the native one ( especially when this person has done nothing wrong ) ? 
  i do n't know how to explain it to you why it is a violation of personal freedom . 
  there are many reasons to move to other countries like work or love . 
  other such as prosecution of practicing their own religion or because they are a minority in their country of origin . 
  how can denmark be a free country if it demands its population to become danish rather than letting them choose to be danish or not ? 
  eventually the children of these immigrants will see themselves as danish or at least part danish .
