  i think in most of the cultures in the world it is expected to get a job , as higher education is n't available for the majority of the people in some parts of the world . 
  what cultural values are we talking about ? 
  gender equality and individual freedom ? 
  gender equality is still a problem in our current society . 
  men still go around and use sex-related insults . 
  women 's salary are still lower than men 's salary . 
  there has been no pm in sweden who has been a woman ( however i think our current government has more female ministers than male ministers ) . 
  sd who claim to be protecting women 's rights from muslims and immigrants in general are dominated by men . 
  individual freedom as we see it today is also something relatively new to the west , especially gay rights . 
  also our individual freedom is n't something we can take granted for just because `` it 's our culture '' . 
  new laws are every now and then trying to be passed regarding surveillance and wiretapping . 
  also you do n't seem to be a big fan of individual freedom because you want everybody in finland to become finnish and to abandon their own culture in favor of your 's . 
   and i have many somali friends who are refugees , who did assimilate to this society so that their children are fully finnish in every sense . 
  however not all somalis are have succeeded in settling here , on becoming finnish . 
  and the only way they can become finnish is to address the group , look on what is happening and figure out what can be done to fix them . 
  if you just deny that for example immigrants make more rapes per capita than native finns , then you are not ever going to find out that yes some cultures do disrespect women and have very misogynists views . 
  these views have always existed among men from all cultures . 
  200 years ago in europe there was also a lot of disrespect for women . 
  even today many people from countries like [ sweden ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=mpycz-tsrdm#t=31s ) and finland disrespect women . 
  you can be from a culture where many people have these views without being a misogynist , the same way you can be a christian and not think the world is 6000 years old . 
   this is finland , this is home to the finnish nation , to finnish culture , to finnish way of life . 
  if you come and settle here , you are expected to become finnish , you will abandon your own culture and you will assimilate . 
  that is how it has always been , and that is how it should be in the future . 
  our culture is different and unique from other cultures and we respect our culture and heritage , we keep it so . 
  or what ? 
  in the situation if i were to move to finland would you kick me out if i reject becoming finnish ? 
  why are you telling me what to do and what to think ? 
  as long as i learn your language and live a normal life you ca n't do anything and you should n't want to do anything if you actually believe in individual freedom . 
  regarding of religious buildings like mosques , synagogues , foreign churches , temples or places of worship from any other religion . 
  if there is a sizable minority which requests the building to either be built , converted from any other type of building , or even a permit they should be denied because you want to `` preserve '' your culture ? 
  denying a permit would be against freedom of religion . 
  they are after all paying tax and they are likely to want to as much as possible collaborate . 
  what about finnish jews ? 
  jews have been in europe for a very long time . 
  why ca n't you respect someone else 's culture and heritage ? 
  not everybody is as lucky as you who can practice it without being prosecuted . 
   not to mention that i myself think that current finnish culture and society are superior to many other cultures . 
  we are one of the richest and most developed countries in the world and that is not because we have good soil or lots of natural riches , it is because our culture and society have adopted successful ways to live , function and compete globally . 
  we do n't need to export or enforce our way of life to people in other countries , but people who come here need adopt our way of life , not the other way . 
  i do n't want to comment on your remark that you think finnish culture is superior to many other ones . 
  finland has an excellent society but not definitely perfect with your condescending attitude to other cultures . 
  finland is rich , liberal , with good education and good health . 
  those are the reasons many other countries look up to finland , not because of moomin or your traditional foods . 
  no other country is enforcing their way of life onto finland , but with your attitude you are enforcing all non-finns to become finns regardless if they want it or not . 
  was there any infrastructure when finland became independent ? 
  cause if there was then that 's one of the reasons finland is successful . 
  also finland did n't have to struggle with countless dictatorships after independence . 
  which seems to be a common denominator in middle eastern and african countries . 
   yes and that is exactly how finnish immigrants have done . 
  i was actually born in sweden , my parents however made the decision to come back finland because they wanted their children to become finnish and live in finland . 
  if we would have staid , i would be talking swedish as my native language , and finnish in a very broken away , and that would have been just fine . 
  that should be their choice to assimilate or not . 
  and if were to be grown up here and your parents would actually try then you 'd have two native languages . 
  in sweden we would have supported you to be finnish if that is what you would want by giving you the privilege to study finnish after school . 
  one does n't raise a problem about integration by first citing statistics which are related to immigration . 
  people who raise these statistics care about numbers . 
  they want to halt immigration and deport any immigrant who commit crimes , even if it could result to their death . 
  they do n't want any other solutions . 
  they ignore the problem which leads to crimes . 
  what is being done to prevent crimes committed by poor immigrants ? 
  halting immigration and deporting ones who become criminal ? 
  that does n't seemed to have worked elsewhere . 
   the thing is that they have a different culture and they have very real problems on adjusting and assimilating to our post-industrial society . 
  one of my best friends is english-born-sudanese and he has spent almost all of his life in sudan , now he is living and studying in the uk . 
  to make a broad generalisation by saying `` they have a different culture '' is incorrect because it includes him and he is not an exception because there are plenty of immigrants who live good and normal lives . 
  the difference between him and refugees are that they come from completely different socioeconomic backgrounds and have completely different opportunities in life . 
  i do n't know what mistakes you are talking about but assimilation is wrong . 
  a country should never ask its immigrants and refugees to give up their traditions , religion , customs , and language . 
  especially since many refugees do n't have their own country ( like kurds , roma , and jews before israel ) . 
  however they should function in society as any other civilian like paying taxes and not committing crimes . 
  if the minority is sizable then they should receive their own cultural centers or places of worship because they pay tax . 
  if there many different cultures then maybe a law should change how some certain holidays/religious events function . 
  one gets x amount of `` free days '' which they can only spend on days which has a tradition . 
  this way all people can celebrate their traditional and religious holidays plus it could be more practical as non-christians would work during christmas . 
  there does n't need to be assimilation , people just have to be able to live with each other in peace . 
  if you would ever move to sweden , would you assimilate and give up your finnish culture ? 
  because that 's exactly what you 're saying and i 'm hoping you 've misunderstood what the term assimilation really means . 
  you do n't know anything about me so do n't accuse me of me cultural superiority and do n't be condescending . 
  for all you know i could be an immigrant , a swede , a person with swedish heritage or a person who likes sweden . 
  the point i was making is that debating with people who use the term `` mass immigration '' only want one thing and that is to halt immigration as much as possible . 
  the way you raise the problem , the fact that many swedes were condescending towards him is the right way to do it . 
  people who are flat-out against immigration do n't care and they do n't want to discuss . 
  the tl ; dr of their opinion as i said before is to halt immigration and deport any immigrant who commits a crime therefore `` eradicating '' the problem . 
  they simplify a complex problem and propose one solution which does n't seemed to have helped in other countries . 
  all the other political parties are against this and to seriously collaborate with a party which has had ex-nazi ties can be political suicide . 
  there are discussions about integration . 
  however i know that a person who uses terms like `` mass immigration '' and `` swedophobia '' ( svenskfientlighet ) is someone who does n't want to discuss the actual problems and how to fix them . 
  also these xenophobes are also the people who have the worst condescending attitude of all people . 
  that is hate speech and it does not belong and it does n't bring anything to the discussion . 
  it 's not a political opinion , it 's off topic , and it instigates hate and it 's something the vast majority of the people do n't want to read here . 
  also these people are most likely trolls as i refuse to believe that anyone actually believes that . 
  mass immigration is when a country that 's in close proximity goes through ( civil ) war , political instability , genocide and whatnot has to make camps for +100,000 of refugees within months . 
  [ there are no eu countries which are experience this ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/regional.php ) or [ this ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/horn-of-africa/regional.php ) . 
  since europe is in peace with democratic and stable governments none of us will have to go through this type of humanitarian crisis . 
  but if norway , finland or any other country which is in close proximity to me ( sweden ) would start murdering their civilians and entering in a brutal civil war there would be no doubts that i would want them to escape here . 
  i would expect my country and other neighboring countries to help our brother and sister people . 
  go on using the term mass immigration without actually knowing what it means . 
  please whine more about the 10,000 somali refugees moving to sweden . 
   i enjoy europe for the fact that it allows me to experience different cultures within a short flight or drive , or even at home , cultures that are still european . 
  different but not too different , *** still in my comfort zone .
