  literally the only reason sweden is neutral is because we did n't get assfucked in ww2 like all other european countries who were neutral . 
  if an american/nato military base is built there it will pump loads of money into the local economy . 
  the baltic countries would be shooting themselves in the foot if they rejected any nato forces . 
  it can also be argued that her personality stopped her from getting more votes . 
  here is a list of countries which gave 5 points or less to austria . 
  country | points | : ---------- | : ------------------- :| belarus | 0 | azerbajan | 1 | armenia | 0 | montenegro | 2 | poland | 0 | russia | 5 | san marino | 0 | estonia | 4 | albania | 5 | macedonia | 4 | honestly i did n't find the dutch performance being worthy of winning eurovision . 
  if you look at the past winners the majority of the songs are a lot more similar to the austrian performance than the dutch one . 
  it just did n't have enough power or schlager to win . 
  i am registered in the town ( as i guess everybody is ? ) . 
  i just googled and it does n't seem to be possible to register to vote . 
  i have a national id card but it does not say where i live . 
  honestly i 'm not 100 % sure but the government knows where i live ( how else would i get mail from them ? 
  yes i went to hogwarts . 
  your point ? 
  you 'd also need around 80-90 % of the electorate to vote in ( almost ) every issue or mandatory voting for it to truly reflect the people . 
  otherwise only people who have strong feelings for certain issues will only vote for them . 
  i never understood why one has to register to vote . 
  iirc when i voted they just ticked me off a list . 
  literally eussr, 
  and the capital to be in rome ? 
  it looks like someone is trying not to win . 
  no , they 're not . 
  you also spelled `` abbreviations '' incorrectly . 
  our government arrest far-right politicians for saying stupid shit ? 
  the police allowed a neo-nazi rally yesterday in a large swedish town . 
  corruption is a problem . 
  greedy bankers and politicians are . 
  specifically in southern europe . 
  so is ( far ) right-wing populism all over europe . 
  fan, 
  good at quidditch, 
   we 're bringing * libert\u00e9 * though , so it 's ok !, 
  any background information on the candidates ? 
  i was mostly referring to the comments on that website , but yes comments on reddit are also bad . 
  i did n't read that thread but i saw the video . 
  i 'm mostly surprised of the pedo apologists on this website on other subreddit . 
  wow , those comments, 
  i do n't understand how russia would annex transinstria . 
  they have no land or sea access to it . 
  they do n't believe in final solutions . 
  i 've been to beijing and to hefei . 
  i was outside for an entire day and by the time i got back to the hotel it looked like i have n't washed my hair for over a week . 
  what a stupid request . 
  the two likely outcomes are that she is denied or they send a fake one . 
  useful idiots . 
  you can vote blank . 
  it means you are part of the democratic process at the same time as you do n't affect the outcome . 
  i 've never understood what this `` life force '' or `` spirit '' is about . 
  i see . 
  i will have to inspect the referrendum map better . 
  interestingly in central stockholm ( and stockholm in general ) is more leaning towards the right than to the left . 
  but the far-right get the least votes here percentually . 
  it 's interesting that the bigger cities were more inclined to vote no than the rural areas who voted yes . 
  how many immigrants are there in rural switzerland ? 
  if i recall correctly there was a news article , survey or study which showed that the uk was n't do keen on immigration but they liked immigrants . 
  can this also be the case for switzerland ? 
  because the forums are already established and +100,000 users will not automagically convert to a new website . 
  i do n't see the point . 
  most countries already have at least one big forum in their native language . 
  they obviously live on welfare at the same time . 
  leeching from the state and taxpayer money . 
  lazy brits stealing all the jobs in foreign countries . 
  i remember being in bibione . 
  i liked it there . 
  doubt it gets as bad as some parts in eastern europe, 
  i misread your comment . 
  i read parties instead of parts . 
  anyhow , if you go to the east you will find poverty and conservatism . 
  i think it 's too difficult to compare the parties because the systems and politics are so different . 
  what 's the point of paying the jail if you work ? 
  the jail would probably benefit from that anyway ( obviously depending on the type of work ) . 
  what about prisoners who are unable to carry out the work which the jail offers ( for legitimate reasons ) ? 
  also one would have to raise the question if we want jails to generate money at all . 
  could n't this in theory lead to more convictions because there is an interest in making money from inmates ? 
  it 's good for society ( people like you ) that ex-criminals do n't commit new crimes . 
  we do n't need more people who rob and mug others . 
  this will make it a lot harder for some ex-criminals to start leading a normal life again if they are broke . 
  especially if they are unable to find a job once they get released . 
  the scariest thing about 1984 is that the government controlled the truth . 
  not necessarily . 
  i 'm just saying if it covers too many things it is n't a `` naughty list '' anymore . 
  while i agree with you does n't the filter censor many other websites which are n't related to pornography ? 
  incorrect . 
  look at lebanon . 
  http://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.5e83388f141c129ba6312b27/1386247136302/avgjorda+asyl%c3%a4renden+2013+-+asylum+desicions+2013.pdf http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/regional.php, 
  i 'd vote in . 
  country would vote out . 
  sweden . 
  when i first moved back i did n't understand other swedes , many times i still do not understand them . 
  looks like a dying generation, 
  which is nice . 
  no andorra and san marino ? 
  according to a different comment in this thread sarkozy did n't go to the 2010 olympics in vancouver . 
  the vast majority are n't like that though . 
  of course . 
  it 's just that sd 's propaganda is appealing to fear ( ex . 
  islam and muslims are a thread to swedish society ) . 
  while other parties generally use less aggressive means to get votes . 
  they also twist facts into propaganda which fits their agenda . 
  sd make it sound like ~ 100,000 muslims and asylum immigrate to sweden every year when that 's the total of immigration ( including returning swedes , eu citizens , marriages , students , labor , etc ) .
