survivor , kind of, 
  http://youtu.be/vmdgekslkd0 guy gets filmed after going to the toilet , he then wants to eat bread, 
  i 've passed through but i 've never had a reason to actually visit . 
  [ what ???? 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/3ehbgyp ) i do n't really have an opinion because i personally do n't have a connection to those countries . 
  i 've also never properly visited them . 
  the `` ok '' option seems to be that i 've judged them properly and i do n't really like them . 
  i speak german and i 've lived in italy and i 'm part hungarian . 
  the reason russia is yellow is because of the recent ( foreign ) politics . 
  however , i acknowledge that the people of russia are not at fault for this . 
  hehehehehehe, 
  http://i.imgur.com/cbtx3vb.png spot the troll in the picture, 
  it 's north korea . 
  they strapped two bathtubs , gps , diesel motor and a raspberry pi together . 
  the original rus came from sweden . 
  therefore in actuality the russian majority is being oppressed and are waiting for red liberation . 
  sony ericsson has n't existed for over 2 years now, 
  we were speaking about immigration . 
  whether politicians fulfill their other promises or not is n't relevant in this thread . 
  they never promised to reduce immigration, 
  let me ask you something . 
  how long time does it have to pass for you in order to admit you 're wrong ? 
  10 years ? 
  it wo n't happen . 
  only far-right trolls think it will . 
  go to / r/whiterights or / r/european . 
   no , it 's because half your country is muslim . 
  i 'm not sure how to interpret that comment . 
  what you 're saying is that if it were n't for muslims our left-wing government would n't do this . 
  you probably live in a poor area . 
  in an area where immigrants and children of immigrants have trouble finding success due to language , cultural or socioeconomic barriers . 
  i assure you that very many people from different cultures are good people . 
  in fact , most of my friends have a different cultural background and they are n't turning my city into a shithole . 
  you do n't seem to have any friends which have a different cultural background . 
  if you ever do make friends who are n't english or western european you 'd maybe see these people in a different light . 
  i do not know if this is true for britain or london but in stockholm around one fourth of the people who are employed in the healthcare ( and dental ) sector have at least some foreign descent . 
  you do n't realize how important they are for us . 
  you saying that there are too many foreigners here means that we kiss our healthcare goodbye . 
  elections were a couple of weeks ago . 
  vote pandering would make sense if they announced this in a public debate before the election . 
  nobody will remember this during the next elections , even if it would happen next year . 
  also regarding your other comment that the politicians decided to have immigration and not the people directly is accurate . 
  just like everything else which is n't a referendum is decided by politicians . 
  the far-right got almost 13 % . 
  while there are probably more people who want a stricter immigration policy i ca n't imagine that at least 51 % want it . 
  but please lets just keep blaming brown people . 
  left-wing government, 
  do n't you know ? 
  everyone who is n't against immigration is an evil cultural-feminist-marxist . 
  this is assuming children of immigrants ca n't ever become swedish . 
  what would you call a person who has an arab and a swedish parent ? 
  what would you call a person who was born in sweden and has immigrated parents who speaks perfect swedish ? 
  believe it or not assimilation does actually happen . 
  but what would i know who actually lives in stockholm ? 
  greens in sweden are still mad about the lack of wind power in sweden . 
   1v1 me kid, 
  my experience is a little bit different ... 
  i keep getting bombarded with `` swe ? 
  i do n't like dubs . 
  but i know there are people who do since they do n't want to read subtitles or think they get in the way . 
  a noticeable trend is that countries where there is dubbing are larger than countries which do n't . 
  i think it has to do more with that it 's more expensive for smaller countries to dub things than larger ones . 
  something dubbed in french works in france , belgium , switzerland , canada and some countries in africa . 
  similar things can be said about spanish and german is spoken in three countries in europe . 
  i ca n't remember how many times i 've been asked `` swe ? '', 
  in online games . 
  the smaller parties would risk too many votes if they 'd be more open to sd since they are only a few percentiles over the 4 % anti-democratic threshold . 
  the conservatives would risk any future votes from some non-racists and from people who identify themselves as ( part ) immigrants and other minorities . 
  not to mention that the media will grill them like there 's no tomorrow . 
  all parties are pro-immigration which is why ( besides the stigma ) it 's impossible to work with them . 
  if anyone would work with sd and decrease immigration then they 'd do exactly the opposite of what they said they would do . 
  also it 's impossible for a social democratic government to work with sd if they want the support from the far-left and the greens since they are opposites . 
  election numbers are n't mathematical equations . 
  i do n't think it 's possible for them to get 25 % . 
  i 'm extremely disappointed . 
  i expected sd to get around nine percent since this is what was predicted in the opinion polls . 
  now we will have a government change to the green-red misery without the far-left . 
  centre-right and sd can strike down the opposition budget . 
  annie l\u00f6\u00f6f ( c ) has already stated that she wo n't let it pass . 
  sd have caused parliamentary chaos . 
  i do not think the centre-right ( dubbed as * the alliance * ) will adapt to a stricter immigration policy . 
  their line has so far been pro-immigration . 
  if the alliance had been one party instead of four it would have been slightly more likely since at least two of the smaller parties ( the centre and the liberals ) would lose too many votes . 
  they 'd never agree to have a stricter immigration policy . 
  reinfeldt ( prime minister until recently , m , the main conservatives ) has lead his party in the anti-racist and pro-immigration direction which is unlike his sister parties throughout europe where they decided to be the bitch of the far-right and populists . 
  the social democrats ( the main government party for the next four years ) and the greens ( minor government party ) have some ideological differences , most notably the question about nuclear power . 
  the greens wo n't let new nuclear reactors be built as long as they are in government . 
  if i recall correctly 40 % of our energy is nuclear and the reactors are growing old . 
  i think a decision on replacing them ( or not ) will happen within the next 4 years . 
  another question where they are in disagreement with are the armed forces . 
  it 's too early to speculate to what will happen . 
  if the government do n't manage to get their budget passed , become unpopular and have too many disagreements with each other i would n't be surprised if there would be a snap election at some point within the next four years . 
  i hope to see the alliance back in power in 2018 . 
  you keep insulting me because i proved to you that they are racist and the incident you referred to ( that one person in the party was an idiot ) is commonplace in the party . 
  i answered the questions you asked me and now you 're angry because you 're wrong . 
  that it 's somehow impossible that a local might be more informed about local politics than a person who gets all their information from reddit . 
  if anyone is ignoring comments then it 's you which is why i called you a bad troll . 
  if you actually want to have a discussion about the sweden democrats i suggest that you inform yourself about their actions , scandals and opinions about them ( both pros and cons ) . 
  our electorate is definitely stupid because some conservatives threw away their votes to the far-right ( well the same can be said for anyone who votes for them ) so there will be a change of government ( to a red-green misery ) who might not be able to pass their budget because they are so weak . 
  however , at least in my country the governing parties wo n't be the bitches of the far-right which we have seen in other countries in europe and our society is still one which many other countries would like to replicate .
