  also it 's very well known that these parties got funding from moscow . 
   you 're confusing socialist parties with communist parties . 
  their name was communist . 
  and many communists claim to be socialists . 
   so why should one not vote them because of their pci past ? 
  not necessarily the democratic party but bersani . 
  not all rebranding works . 
  there are always small radical factions who would n't sell out . 
  thank you for reminding me . 
  i would n't mind him visiting me ( he has to being at least 10 beautiful women ) . 
   and he said he regretted that , and was among the first to move the pci towards european socialism . 
  also , that 's almost 60 years ago . 
  the party was unanymous in opposing the invasion of czechoslowakia . 
  of course they have to advertise themselves so more people would vote for them ( especially because of the communist terror ) , this is what all communist parties in europe have done . 
  it also gave napolitano a bigger leadership role which has paid off . 
  supporting invasions is n't a good way to gain non-communist voters . 
   they are part of the european socialist party and agree with that party on most stances . 
  the point i 'm making is that their name shows that they are taking distance from the left past . 
  any party from most parts of the political spectrum could call themselves democratic . 
   alleanza nazionale did n't keep the eagle because the fascist party is illegal in italy . 
  no party with the eagle existed in italy after ww2 . 
  but alleanza nazionale used the fire which was the logo of the msi ( post-ww2 fascist-in-all-but-the-name party ) . 
  compare this and this . 
  i know they used the msi torch just like one of the predecessors of the the democratic party which used the hammer and sickle . 
  i guess people like berlusconi and grillo have made the term politician synonymous to comedian . 
  i never claimed the center-right was more liberal than the left . 
  there are roots in the current party which are communists . 
  the fact that the naming of the party keeps moving away from the left shows that they are ashamed of their past . 
  `` the democratic party '' does a very bad job at describing its political ideology and its political stance . 
  as far as i have understood the last breaks from moscow were made in the early 80 's . 
  it is also no secret that communist parties in capitalist countries were receiving lots of funding from moscow . 
  also as far as i have understood the current president giorgio napolitano initially defended the soviet invasion of hungary . 
   the sickle and hammer remained in the logo to `` help '' voters of the former pci find the new one . 
  i have a hard time buying that . 
  imagine if alleanza nazionale would use the eagle and claim they were not fascists but conservatives . 
  about point d. i do n't understand why there is a problem not wanting to ever vote for an ex-communist . 
  coincidentally the italian communist party dissolved after the collapse of the ussr which bersani was a member of . 
  he was around 40 years old during this period and i have a hard time believing that he was n't aware of the fact the soviet union was a dictatorship which oppressed its people and especially the people of other countries . 
  as far as i have understood the successor party of the italian communist party had [ this logo ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0e/pds_symbol.gif ) and that party was dissolved as late as 1998 . 
  i 'm sorry but i can completely relate to people who would never vote for a communist because i never would . 
  the real problem is berlusconi and that the fact there are no viable center-right wing alternatives who are n't monti ( who promotes himself as center if i recall correctly ) . 
  also the fact that less than 80 % of the eligible population are voting is also troubling an another symptom of the bigger picture . 
  so yes people who do n't like ( ex ) communist politicians are very well able to communicate and we are not stupid . 
  yes . 
  horses made for human consumption like you said is not unhealthy at all ( even if i dislike the taste ) . 
  there are antibiotics put into the horses iirc . 
  except the horse meat in these products are many times very unhealthy for humans . 
  i personally think it tastes disgusting . 
  and now because of this scandal i will always associate horse meat with it . 
  i can apply for a hungarian citizenship if i want to . 
  the difference is that you do n't got those types of tourists in athens ( hopefully ? ), 
  i feel your pain . 
  i just use it to keep in touch with people and in certain situations where i might need it . 
  this does n't affect me personally but i 'm more concerned about the people who have strange people stalking them . 
  i know it 's possible to have ultra-strict privacy settings but it would just make life easier for these people if they could also switch their names . 
  i know the eu is very unpopular with some people here ( not including me ) but there is no way one can say that the eu has done a lot more than the american government ( and possibly single european governments if there was no eu ) at pushing these types of privacy laws . 
  semi-monopolies like facebook have to be regulated . 
  their european offices might be in ireland but their services are ( also ) offered to specifically to germans . 
  why else would they offer a ~ ~ germany ~ ~ german translation ? 
  they are operating in germany and therefore should follow german law . 
  [ for the people who do n't understand this reference . 
  ] ( http://www.dailydot.com/society/horses-are-fruit-facebook-sweden/ ), 
  i believe research should never ( or at least very rarely ) be cut . 
  the researchers who might lose their will find a job elsewhere either in america or china . 
  from what i 've seen on reddit is that the up and down-voting system is a lot more similar to a tyranny of the majority than mutual respect of democracy . 
  generally the comments with the most up-votes are the ones very popular ( or reddit `` mainstream '' ) opinion , alternately the comments with an opinion which have devout followers ( ex : ron paul ) . 
  this is especially true for subreddits which contain news or politics and sometimes even video games . 
  ask in / r/sweden, 
  i think elitserien needs to be taxed less so the teams can get stronger economically . 
  we have to compete against russian oil money better . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't think there is enough interest for something like that . 
  [ relevant . 
  try to see it from the positive side . 
  croatia has been closer to a world cup gold medal than england which has the strongest ( or second strongest ) league in the world . 
  hehe . 
  i was thinking more about how the league situation is and the amount of supporters and etc in sweden . 
  i do n't think we will ever have the financial capability to compete with large foreign clubs because we are too split . 
  hehe . 
  [ semi-relevant ] ( http://www.thestar.com/sports/leafs/2012/06/28/maple_leafs_bring_ander_alcaine_the_spanish_hasek_to_prospects_camp.html ) about spanish ice hockey . 
  well there are other reasons to why sweden is not ranked that high . 
  hockey is also a very prevalent team sport here especially in northern sweden ( a sport in which we are very good at ) . 
  stockholm is also very split in terms of clubs . 
  djurg\u00e5rden ( hockey + football ) , aik ( hockey + football ) , brommapojkarna ( football ) , hammarby ( football + formerly hockey ) , ssk ( hockey ) , syrianska ( football ) , etc. 
  also it 's extremely cold in northern sweden half of the year . 
  you can find similar reasons to why finland is not very strong in football . 
  the problem is that many farms are now dependent on cap . 
  if we disband or reduce it then some farms will go bankrupt and we have to get food from somewhere else . 
  possibly outside the union which is not desirable . 
  ca n't op post a new map for 2013 ( or 2012 ) so we can compare ? 
  one of my neighbors of my family 's country house in hungary is roma . 
  i had no clue until a relative there told me . 
  any team would like to have hulk in their starting eleven . 
  but the golden does that pretty much . 
  they are ultra-nationalists who are very violent . 
  they assault innocent minorities . 
  the people from stockholm would absolutely hate that . 
  `` a capital city in a stinking port city ?! '', 
  it would be the logical choice because developing countries keep getting more influence which leads to eu countries having less . 
  a unified europe will always have influence on the global stage .
