  because they wish to live in our nation perhaps ? 
  why is that so difficult to wrap your head around ? 
  now , they harm society by making parallel society . 
  i think we have been past that , if not then feel free to read up on what parallel societies actually does to the entire society . 
  no data , just as expected . 
  do you have evidence on how parallel societies are formed ? 
  and the socio-economic reasons behind it ? 
  `` they do this '' is a crap argument , look into the reasoning why this happens . 
  poverty seems to be one likely factor . 
  unemployment another . 
   i do n't view that as some kind of quality . 
  it 's merely part of your duty . 
  this is the `` duty '' . 
  and learning the language . 
  by having a job it benefits the nation by tax . 
  the immigrant helps society even more if this a job which need more people but there are n't enough danes to take the job ( or willing ) . 
   no it is not . 
  that is the crazy multiculturalist view of assimilation , and it is plainly wrong . 
  it is fearmongering , nothing else . 
  you are wrong . 
  assimilation is when a person drops his or her own culture in favor of the native one . 
  if anyone is fearmongering then it is you . 
  i do n't care what religious beliefs other people have . 
  as long as they follow the law and contribute to society i do n't care . 
  you are obsessed with parallel societies and are scared that immigrants will decrease the stability of denmark . 
   no it is not , actually . 
  integration is a haphazard attempt at assimilation while panicky trying to deny that it is assimilation , because people are so afraid of seeming xenophobic . 
  oh no , he wants to guard the border - he must be a nazi . 
  that is the kind of idiots that pushed us into this very poor excuse of assimilation we got right now . 
  they have turned the notion of assimilation in this extreme notion as some form of concentration camp where you drill people with propaganda and put a chip in their brain - which is of course preposterous . 
  assimilation is the process of incorporating something wholly into society . 
  to bring about conformity . 
  assimilation is to drop one own 's culture in favor of the native one . 
  this is not required . 
  as long as the person functions in society like any other person there is no problem . 
  i did n't call you a nazi , i doubt that you heil in your freetime . 
  however from what you 've told me you seem to be some kind of fascist because of your authoritarian view of society and that culture is the most important thing by far when it comes to integration . 
  you seem to be completely against freedom and think that your way is the only way . 
  why do you have so much faith in your government ? 
   i 'm not scared , but if you want to stay my house , you play by our rules and conform to our standards . 
  why should we freely let people walk into our house and destroy everything ? 
  try to change our rules ? 
  to essentially squat on our living space ? 
  your standards are freedom of religion and freedom of speech . 
  it 's in your constitution . 
  if anyone is altering your laws then it is danish politicians . 
  you are scared . 
  if you were n't then you 'd never have this opinion . 
   i do n't know , where is his citizenship ? 
  born in the uk . 
  do you think his citizenship should be stripped off him ? 
  that 's just absurd . 
  he is contributing a lot more to society than many other people in the uk . 
  if you think people like him are some kind if threat then you are scared and paranoid . 
   you assume i am pro freedom of religion - i am not . 
  i believe a stricter control over superstition would be good , that way you can ensure that it benefits society and direct the crazy in more benign directions . 
  i assumed that everybody in this subreddit was for religious freedom . 
  i guess i made an ass of myself ( ass u me ) . 
  we clearly disagree on this question . 
  i do n't believe the state should care what religion its citizens and inhabitants follow . 
  the state should interfere with my life as little as possible . 
  i want to have the right to convert to any religion i want , even if it is not my intention . 
  why should the government decide what is right or wrong ? 
  what if it disagrees with a value the majority of the danes have ? 
  are you going to be spoonfed what your government is telling you ? 
  the government should organize society , not tell me what to think . 
   it is not a danish value . 
  we have a state religion . 
  just cause there is an official religion does n't mean that there is freedom of religion . 
  it 's in the constitution \u00a7 67 . 
  you should know that your country has freedom of religion . 
  you must be undanish to be against it . 
  you should be embarrassed by making such an absurd claim . 
   which is assimilation . 
  this is integration . 
   there are nazis and communists in denmark too , does not mean they go and bomb embassies or go nuts because of a drawing . 
  they 're pretty chill actually . 
  it 's the anarchists you want to look out for . 
  i do n't know the situation in denmark . 
  in sweden communists and the far-right try to clash with each other . 
  i have n't heard of any violent anarchists here . 
  the muslims i know thought those drawings were insulting and of bad taste , then they stopped caring and pitied the person who drew them because of his ignorance . 
  not all muslims are violent like you seem to believe . 
   no , but frankly other believers enable their extremist fellows . 
  that aside , then a believer is far more likely to be turned into a fanatic . 
  and yes that is exactly how it happens . 
  ignorance leads to extremism . 
  intolerance leads to extremism . 
  fanatics exist everywhere . 
  it 's more likely that a left wing person turns into a communist than centrist or liberal . 
  it 's more likely a nationalist becomes violent because of his intolerance to different people . 
   the two are intertwined however . 
  when you ask why french and no persian , should i not answer you why when there are very obvious reasons for it being so ? 
  i 'm not saying their love is n't all kinds of real and frankly i do n't much care . 
  what is important is that comparatively speaking then iranian and danish are very different and it would be best both for the so and society to assimilate if he/she is to live here . 
  compared to someone who is french there is a smaller gap in differences to close . 
  languages are closer for one , and so are the social and justice system . 
  even our way of thinking is closer . 
  it 's because danish/french and iranian lies in two different cultural spheres . 
  in this case cultural differences do n't really matter .
