  in fact anyone who could move would do so . 
  would n't you do the same thing ? 
  if you translate it to english it would be : `` you ca n't eat the cake and keep it at the same time . '', 
  for the last 5 years i 've always seen merkel and sarkozy together on tv leading the eu and taking responsibility . 
  i 've rarely seen gordon brown or david cameron together with other eu leaders trying to resolve the problems with the union . 
  the uk , one of the largest nations in the union , has failed to show any type of leadership . 
  they 're always whining and complaining like a spoiled baby about everything with the union instead of taking leadership and responsibility to contribute to fixing it . 
  even though they are not part of the euro they should try to influence the eu . 
  i 'm almost certain that they could if they actually tried . 
  the uk has to either start taking responsibility and lead europe or exit the union . 
  they ca n't eat the cake and keep it at the same time . 
  edit : grammar, 
  iirc there was a thread on reddit that turkey jails very many journalists . 
  personally i think croatia and other southern eastern european countries should be allowed to join if they meet all the criteria . 
  turkey might join , but most probably not in the next 20 or 30 years . 
  jobbik is not in power in hungary . 
  if they ever become a government party then they will most likely face sanctions . 
  remember that austria is a lot better off economically than greece or hungary . 
  i do n't know exactly how the political system in greece works and i also i do n't know how much other parties hate the golden dawn but if the system is anything like the swedish one then there is a possibility of having a socialdemocratic-conservative coalition ( or similar ) . 
  other countries have had these types of unusual coalitions . 
  i think it 's important for political parties to be able to put their differences aside and cooperate if such an extremist party would gain considerable influence . 
  however if they some how get 51 % of the vote then greece will face boycotts and economic sanctions from eu countries . 
  typical swedish double standards . 
  we do n't like tobacco companies , unless we 're selling . 
  there can never be too much x-com, 
  most probably because these are poor areas where many poor immigrants or danes with immigrant background live . 
  when this happens they socialize mostly with people from their own culture leading to segregation . 
  segregation slows down integration which keeps them in poverty . 
  poor people are are also more likely to commit crimes . 
  because segregated immigrants look different , do n't socialize with the majority , and because many of them are poor and commit crimes may lead to racism from the majority which in return has an equal reaction to the victims . 
  there are also other factors which can lead to racism such as political instability , problems in individual lives ( drugs , alcoholism , bad or no family , debt , depression , etc. ), 
  which bring these individuals into far-right groups , or just plain ignorance . 
  the vast majority of people do n't want to live in these types of neighborhoods . 
  people who can afford living somewhere else will . 
  another problem is that newspapers love to write about silly `` sensationalist '' articles because they sell . 
  they write a lot more often when an immigrant commits a crime than when a swede commits one . 
  the newspaper would only be filled with crimes if they reported every single rape , abuse , murder , and theft . 
  at the same time they condemn nationalist parties and spread their `` politically correct propaganda '' which the nationalists like to call it . 
  the newspapers are a part of the problem . 
  unless it 's a serial killer or a very important person got murdered then it 's not real news . 
  some newspapers write articles which are borderline hate speech . 
  i think the first step would be to teach tolerance at a young age ( and about other cultures ) and at swedish classes for adult immigrants about swedish culture and democratic values , which many immigrants do n't know well because they 're from dictatorships . 
  the second step would be request media to stop writing `` sensationalist '' articles and whenever they want to condemn nationalist parties and their opinions then they should do it properly , also not to mention these newspapers should stop writing articles and posting `` art '' which are borderline hate speech . 
  the third step is to get unemployment down as much as possible , especially in poor segregated for obvious reasons even if it 's crap jobs . 
  also some immigrants have a higher education but they 're from universities which are not approved of in europe . 
  why not have a fast `` re-education '' in swedish or english for these people to prove their knowledge and that they can work as doctors or scientists in our society . 
  the goal should be to educate people as much as possible , especially the people with no education whatsoever . 
  these people need to feel welcome . 
  if they want a place of worship then they should have one . 
  if i was a christian or a jew and i lived in a country with few churches or synagogues i would feel extremely welcome if i would be given a place of worship . 
  nobody should be forced to give up their culture ( assimilation ) because they are living in a foreign country , however they should be a part of our society ( integrated ) and lead normal lives . 
  also we must not forget that very many immigrants are actually living normal lives . 
  there are n't very many of these types of slums in our country . 
  if you look at other countries in the world they are many times worse off than we are . 
  the 're many people who 've lived generations in their countries and they still live in slums . 
  some of these types of comments which i 've written now tend to get downvoted . 
  if you disagree then you 're welcome to discuss this with me in a reply . 
  you actually went back 4 months in his post history looking for him to state what political ideology he follows . 
  creepy . 
  [ ingrid carlqvist also said ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69be-7apera ), 
  they have to put up with bullshit either way . 
  of course you can counter protest , but it 's not your responsibility because it does n't really have to do with you . 
  i understand that you are concerned . 
  xenophobic people are a lot louder on the internet than people who are n't . 
  here in sweden you will find plenty of people who do n't mind from what background you 're from . 
  of course there are people who unfortunately do n't like muslims but they are a minority who are very loud on the internet . 
  at least it was like this when i was in high school ( which was not very long ago ) and among my friends today . 
  thank you for your input . 
  what is your opinion about the xenophobia on this subreddit and what i was discussing earlier about ? 
  you never know when sweden will join the euro . 
  i have no doubts that it will within 20 years . 
  maybe norwegian crowns are better considering it 's not part of the eu . 
  i would also like to add that you did n't reply or comment to my question about bosnia and albania . 
  why would you `` love '' see them protest about that ? 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with them . 
   i rather not to , i mean , sweden 's fine but i do n't think i 'd manage . 
  i hope that 's a bad joke . 
   indeed . 
  the only difference which is the problem me and others are bringing up is that the people who run the stanley cup does n't advocate violence and they do n't teach and reward the people who go there to be obedient and to follow their teachings and much less to go out of their way and force others into it . 
  with regards to islam , that ca n't be said , they actively suppress dissenting voices and they are more than willing to use violence to achieve their goals . 
  the nhl is a business and want to make money so they obviously do n't advocate violence , however the riot was most likely planned whether they would win or lose . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  i personally do n't know any muslims who advocate violence . 
  i also believe that most muslims and imams do n't advocate violence because the large majority are n't extremists and live normal lives and are normal people . 
  muslims , just like us , are individuals and they do n't have a common goal as you seem to suggest . 
  my argument is that there are assholes everywhere in every group . 
  that 's why there is a minority of muslims in western europe who want sharia become violent if it does n't go their way . 
  here in sweden we have nazis who march through the city every year during the national day and they are escorted by the police for everybody 's safety . 
  how many muslims were violent in paris ? 
  and how many muslims live in paris and/or france ? 
  the majority of muslims most likely did n't care about the video or thought it was disrespectful . 
   oh , so because you know some muslims and they 're fine , all muslims and islam as an ideology are fine . 
  wow , i feel much safer already . 
  if you feel threatened ( or not `` safe '' ) by muslims then it might be time to go and meet new people , or why not move to a muslim country for half a year ? 
   and there were also attempts for such protests here in europe as well , greece and france come to mind , so the political instability and poverty is n't the cause of it but rather why they proved to be so deadly - as there was n't the security to prevent it . 
  greece is n't that politically stable considering their economy , the rise of the golden dawn with their connection to the police . 
  i do n't know about france but i will take your word for it . 
  if the same amount of people were going to go out and be that violent in western european countries the military would have to most likely be dispatched . 
  the people involved in these protests are most likely uneducated and have a pretty bad life . 
  how much violence was there in bosnia or albania , both countries which have a substantial muslim population ?
