  even if they were invading them would make us a larger target . 
  one can only speculate what saddam would have done . 
  the question is whether it 's the west 's responsibility to repair every conflict in the world . 
  since the most recent western meddling in iraq was by countries such as the us and the uk it 's only fair that those are the countries in the west that should consider intervening . 
  this is not on countries such as germany or sweden . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what you mean . 
  it 's not the business of countries who never had troops there . 
  which is completely understandable . 
  there are n't many examples of positive outcomes when the west has previously meddled in middle eastern affairs . 
  only the countries which were part of the second iraq war ( such as the uk and poland ) . 
  of course they think that . 
  the vast majority of european muslims dislike terrorism . 
  why not ? 
  aaaand all the money ends up in the hands of local warlords and corrupt politicians ... 
  that 's a strange way of seeing nationality . 
  is n't the most important part what country the person feels belonging to the most ? 
  obviously with having a connection to the country . 
  let 's hope he 's going to be our nba superstar !, 
  what do you think about people who have parents of different nationalities and speak both languages ? 
  to make things even more complicated what if that person also lives in a different country ? 
  i think this is better https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eammcbqavke, 
  there is a lot more to a country than its political stance , especially in an authoritarian state such as russia . 
  different cultures are fascinating . 
  turn on your tv and you 're bombarded with american culture with all their tv shows , cartoons and movies which are iconic . 
  even better . 
  if turkey is part of europe or not . 
  there was a youtube ( or vice ? ), 
  video about how sochi is the gay capital in russia . 
  google `` sochi gay capital '' . 
  i 'm the only one who has mentioned lagom in this thread . 
  think that has already been mentioned in this thread, 
  my father is from hungary and my mother is swedish and i was born in stockholm . 
  i only have swedish citizenship and in statistics ( and similar ) i am regarded as a `` second generation immigrant '' . 
  i 've only had one person guess that i was n't completely swedish without looking at my last name and he was from yugoslavia . 
  a ban on the full veil is an easy solution to a problem which is n't . 
  if they 're being abused then a veil ban wo n't do anything except hinder women who want the full veil . 
  assuming we would be sharing the same opinion on the full face veil : what is stopping these men from letting their wives go outside at all ? 
  or do they just pay a fine ? 
  i absolutely disagree with the ban . 
  they should be allowed to wear it if they wish . 
  how many women actually wear a full veil for this to constitute as a `` problem '' ? 
  has this law in france stopped women from wearing them ? 
  if the social oppression argument is made then what is stopping men from letting their wives from going outside at all if this ban is in place ? 
  or are they just paying a fine ? 
  why are there still sanctions against cuba ? 
  the cold war has been over for over 20 years and they share a space station with russia . 
  a guarantee is unconstitutional . 
  or you 'd let people live the lives they 'd like to live . 
  if the government would enact such policies as you propose then they 'd move to a country where their government would leave them alone . 
   is the siesta a big problem in sweden right now ? 
  it 's such a big problem here . 
  i was in uni and suddenly my professor fell asleep . 
  in fact everyone did . 
  i tried going to the computer lab to finish some work but even the computers were on siesta . 
  all this siesta around me results in me panicking and i try running out of the uni but even the electronic doors were resting . 
  then suddenly i feel weakness . 
  i slowly fall onto the floor , my eyes start shutting . 
  i could n't resist this black magic . 
  fuck the eu for making me sleep during the days . 
   how would the eu be any different from the ussr ? 
  go pick up a book . 
  my responses have been serious . 
  my initial concerns still stand . 
  it 's hard to take you seriously when you 're mixing up two different kinds of people because they happen to live in the same country . 
  i 'd also like to add that in other places in france there have been deportations and they still come back . 
  in my opinion this ban is a lazy solution . 
  the only way to really know what will happen is to wait and see . 
  sorry , i tried dumbing it down as much as i could to try to make you understand the distinction . 
  by not making the distinction you 're showing your ignorance and stubbornness . 
  i do have an argument that makes sense and you 're ignoring it . 
  also i 've never said romanians are victims . 
  romanian people have nothing to do with this . 
  the distinction is important because the only thing they have in common is that they live in the same country and that the name of their ethnic group is similar . 
  if they are illegally there then why have n't they been deported already ? 
  it 's obvious who they are . 
  if what you say is true then an anti-beggar law would n't be needed . 
  many people ( now i am speaking about natives ) who are homeless have already had contact with social services . 
  these people are difficult to help because many of them have mental problems . 
  in the new anti-beggar law how are offenders punished ? 
  do they get a fine ? 
  do they go to jail ? 
  how will fining a norwegian homeless beggar improve their situation ? 
  do they go to the social services , which they 've probably have had previous contact with and failed , and then pay the fine ? 
  if the norwegian beggar ca n't get helped how many times will the police fine him ? 
  it 's really easy saying that help is there for everyone when you are n't the one in need . 
  the reality is that one must put an effort in helping oneself for anyone else to help you and there are people who are unable to do that . 
  social services and government help only go so far . 
  police brutality is obviously completely unthinkable . 
  with authority there is absolutely no chance of corruption , misconduct or carelessness even in a country like norway . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xc8x4-z1ttu http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_eugene_ejike_obiora what do you mean i do n't know the situation ? 
  the situation is very similar all across europe . 
  romani people begging like it 's their job organised in gangs and/or families . 
  in sweden , where the weather is very similar , they have a few options . 
  one of them are homeless shelters where they are allowed to spend the night , many times they are operated by the church . 
  another one is that they find an absolutely horrible ( probably illegal ) shack to live in which does n't constitute as a home . 
  some break-in in places such as stairwells ( there were some for a short while where i live ) and cellars and what not . 
  others sleep outside ( or almost outside ) where there is no snow or very little of it with multiple sleeping bags . 
  another problem is that romani beggars may not have documentation . 
  legally their children might not even exist in romania . 
  bureaucratically it makes a complex situation since despite it being obvious where they are from it probably has to be proven legally .
