  people who devote all their energy to telling people they should be saying deash instead of islamic state . 
  it 's ridiculous and pointless . 
  because while you 're busy showing everyone how totally not backwards and unintelligent you are , and how you 're totally entertaining the right narrative , the other party is busy actually * accomplishing * something . 
  but . 
  that 's not what you were saying in your comment . 
  i 'm not even sure * what * you were trying to say in your comment because it 's mainly incoherent rambling . 
  and it was in no way an appropriate response to / u/nottraceable 's comment , neither in terms of reasoning nor the amount of hostility . 
   the lie of the titanic `` sinking '' ? 
  hahaha how is that even a thing . 
  ok then tell me , what happened ? 
  was the ship sucked up by aliens ? 
  yeah shit is going to hit the fan in some major way over the next couple decades . 
  because it 's completely useless and unnessecary . 
  you ca n't choose to * not * accept the cookies , so just a friendly modest notification would have been sufficient . 
  instead they give you this obnoxious pop-up that makes you `` accept '' the cookies . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  imagine an organization , or whatever , stating that they do n't want to force a decision or a new system on its members . 
  so they send out a poll , asking whether they want it or not , and the two options are `` yes '' or `` yes '' . edit or leave i guess . 
  but `` accept or gtfo '' is pretty much the definition or forcing in my books . 
  most likely wilders just wants to gain traction by jumping on the latest hot anti-eu thing . 
  elections are coming up and the feces-slinging and ballsy statements have begun in all fierceness . 
  if he can give people the feeling that the pvv gaining influence again might some day lead to a `` nexit '' , that means more votes for him . 
  or , like , germany or sweden or something . 
  the * hell * are you talking about ... also  retards  you are the worst kind of fucking people and yet !, 
   your entire post is just an insult something 's not right here . 
  we should n't legitimize them by starting a conversation , after all !, 
  look what happens when one party follows that principle , thinking that everyone else will too . 
  you sacrifice your politicians to be absolved of the national debt . 
  i think it 's kinda cool that it 's coming back . 
  but i also kinda wonder how people convince themselves to just , * pling * , believe in new gods ( `` new '' ) . 
  i mean , for me those old gods are about on the same page as the abrahamic one ; a nice fairytale . 
  so are these people ex-christians ? 
  how do you suddenly decide to start believing in gods you always used to believe did n't exist ? 
  did they all already believe in a multitheistic universe and have just switched sides ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  it actually kind of feels to me as if this is more a way of having something belonging to your culture , in a time where more and more people feel like they 're losing theirs . 
  you ca n't go full pagan without a proper sacrifice if you ask me . 
  to be honest i have n't heard or read a thing about it since the referendum . 
   how woefully inadequate our country is of having a serious debate that does n't descend into wild conjecture and petty posturing how do you think our ukraine referendum was `` debated '' . 
  oooooh wait , i read it wrong . 
  so let them get pissed off . 
  how is that an excuse ? 
  can you think of any other group of people for whom that would be considered an acceptable reason to behave this way ? 
  or , you know , the clash . 
  yeah but , nobody was talking about the complexity of building houses ? 
  you 're the one who brought that up . 
   in places that normally has snow nah , it 's about the same in places that regularly just have miserable winters instead of snow . 
  but it does mean you ca n't just build your own shack like that , because of the regulations . 
  which are necessary because houses absolutely have to be safe . 
  you could go to the netherlands . 
  there are tons of other things that can make a country unsafe for an individual other than war . 
   great example of doublespeak . 
  orwell would be proud . 
  what he claims orwell would be proud of , is the other user 's percieved doublespeak . 
  not of this new law . 
  so i do n't think you misunderstood his message , but you definitely misunderstood that comment , 
  while that indeed is the meaning of those things , take a moment to look at this little sentence :  this latest move is in response to a surge in antisemitic , anti-immigrant and pro-islamic state commentary on social media . 
  while antisemitism obviously involves hate ; if someone is against immigration , that is * not * hate speech . 
  if someone is a devout salafist and thinks the islamic state is a good thing , while worrying , that is not yet hate speech . 
  blocking what people say about it from the internet will do nothing but create more bitterness and frustration in a group of people who are already pretty bitter and frustrated at the status quo . 
  while it seems obvious that those things hardly fall under `` illegal hate speech '' , they * are * things everyone is supposed to disapprove of . 
  so the fact that they are listed under reasons why this measure was taken ( and the fact that it seems no judge or whatsoever is going to be involved in deciding what is and is n't `` illegal speech '' , but instead the decision is going to fall with an american company reviewing reports of their users ) , tells me the same thing it tells / u/foxyculty . 
  that the expressions of world views that are deemed disagreeable or unaccaptable are going to be blocked as well . 
  this is not a good development at all . 
   you really think orwell would support governments deciding what is and is not acceptable speech ? 
  read what he wrote again . 
  it 's a shame people no longer seem to be able to understand that these things are mocking * actual * racists . 
  nah , `` corporations '' are pretty much universally considered the root of all evil , as far as i know . 
  it 's just that some people get extra sour when those companies are also foreign . 
  i think it also says that the voice of one ( not so vocal ) minority can balance out that of another pretty vocal minority . 
  if only they 'd be more ... vocal . 
  i actually kind of assumed that would be obvious xd, 
  actually it does . 
  the fact that your country has a history of nationalism excludes you from the right to any opinions you might have on the arrogance of other people . 
  edit : it 's a tragic day when public discours gets so muddied by morons who are sincerely claiming absurd things , that people have to ask themselves whether an obviously absurd claim is sarcastic or not . 
  yes . 
  yes it is :p, 
  wow butthurt much . 
  are seriously that defensive about the quality of your news papers ? 
  assuming you live in the uk of course . 
  what it confirms it that he is not a man who grew up in japan and moved to the uk as an adult , now living there as foreigner ; but that he has been living there for a while . 
  that his nationality is completely irrelevant . 
  he got his degrees in the uk ; he writes for a british paper ; for a british audience ; as a person living in the uk . 
  his thoughts , opinions , entire way of speaking have been molded by british culture for probably at least the last one or two decades . 
  you keep trying to make it about me dissing british people but i never did that . 
  i even explicitly stated that i was talking about news articles coming from british sources . 
  had i said `` ugh british people are always so condescending '' , then yes , you would have been right and i would have looked like an idiot . 
  but this is not the first time i 've seen articles from the uk about other european countries in a tone that would be more fitting for a 19 ^ th century author writing about africans . 
  edit : the fact that he 's japanese is furthermore also not a good counter because as far as i know chinese and japanese people tend to look down on westerners just as much as the other way around . 
  wow , well i 'm terribly sorry man ... 
  i was n't trying to . 
  it 's just something i 've been noticing . 
  edit : i got to say i * am * curious as to how a mere assessment like `` i think * x * is pretty condescending '' can ever be interpreted as itself condescending . 
  but maybe that 's just me too . 
  note that i mentioned british news sources , not exclusively ethnically white british people . 
  or are there no people in the uk who have foreign roots but have lived there their entire lives and can thus be counted among the british population ? 
  because since the article was n't written from an expat 's perspective , i 'm going to feel free to assume that that * is * the case for mr sakurai , and that his being originally japanese is merely something that also happens to be the case . 
  edit : [ two seconds on google confirms my suspicions ] ( https://www.byline.com/journalist/jojisakurai/biography ) . 
  can we now put an end to this idiotic non-discussion ? 
  why , am i being condescending towards british news papers ?
