  an international gang war that 's been raginc for four years and that is now even further escalating is not relevant news ? 
  kinda what happens if you keep forcing a flourishing business to buy their product from ciminals , instead of farmers . 
  organized crime is n't caused by multicturalism ( in fact , it was a european `` invention '' ) . 
  they 're not fighting over weed ... 
  which can be dealt with much more effectively if there is a legal , regulated supply . 
  instead of having them buy it in back alleys . 
  yeah , the fact that they 've now started doing this does n't bode well . 
  i mean yeah , probably ... 
  i know , and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  that 's just how it is . 
  the original commenter ( the russian guy ) was mostly joking . 
  i do n't know , maybe like half of europe . 
  no seriously , what are you doing . 
  * you say drinking outside has always seemed weird to americans . 
  * ( which is fine ) * * you also claim that that 's why they would n't , even if it was legal . 
  * someone remarks that , of course , you only think that way because your culture , norms and laws have caused you to . 
  * ( which is true ) * * your response is that every country has different norms and laws and that `` just because it 's unfamiliar to you , does n't make it weird '' . 
  * ( which is odd , considering you were the one who started about weird in the first place ) * not only is that a huge open door , it 's the very thing fuchsiamatter said to you in the first place , and that you 're arguing back at him . 
  when i point that out , your response is to repeat it . 
  you 're exercising a strange line of reasoning . 
   just because something is unfamiliar to you and your culture does not make it intrinsically weird overall wait , were n't we talking about how * drinking outside * is weird and unfamiliar for * you * and your culture ? 
  that 's at least what he was saying . 
  you 're kinda turning it back around at him :p, 
  cashiers do that here as well . 
  because it is n't . 
  edit : it seriously is n't . 
  even if it is shitty and we personally disagree with it , believing that something is the way it is because it 's been told to you is something else entirely than a delusion or psychosis . 
  expanding ( and thereby , ironically , diminishing ) the meaning of mental illness like that is actually incredibly disrespectful and insulting . 
  also italy . 
  * technically * the netherlands as well , just on a much smaller scale :p, 
  so let them get on with it already . 
  `` oh no another immigrant crisis ! '', 
  wow , they stopped doing something . 
  yeah that 's what pownews does . 
  some politicians have learned how to handle their reporters with dignity , others still have n't . 
  unfortunately for the of people of those embassies , i do n't think most of them have ever even heard of pownews :p, 
  i do n't really like pownews either ( and of course we do n't know what other video footage there is , or what they might have done that was n't captured on camera ) but asking why someone parks their car there is hardly harassment . 
  and it 's not just the people of the angolese embassy , they 've `` interviewed '' other ambassadors as well , usually with similar results . 
  do n't think they regularly interact with citizens . 
  pownews is known for its reporters ' ... * persistent * style of interviewing . 
  you 'd probably get arrested . 
  hahaha yeah i 'm seeing this and i 'm thinking , couple of eggs to their window would be well deserved :p, 
  there is literally nothing anyone can do about this , unless their home country calls them back ( or revokes their diplomatic status or something , for whatever reason ) . 
  i feel like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngtxmyyv45o ) is relevant . 
  they 've done a ton of these shoots , they ususally end the same . 
  the one where everyone sits around arguing with each other , accomplishing nothing . 
  you did kind of berate him . 
  there 's no need to comment like that on the fact that he does n't know something , or has it wrong , it 's rude . 
  just explain it to him if you feel the need . 
  looks like you know your basic anarchism . 
  like a german news paper writing a supposedly neutral piece on german news papers not being trusted anymore by the public ? 
  and that seems to be obviously implying that people are wrong to think so ? 
  i can hardly take any news completely seriously , i often ca n't get past all the obvious little tricks . 
  yes of course , there are always different interests between different people and groups of people and that does n't have to be a bad thing . 
  that happens within countries as well . 
  but people in limburg , for example , are n't being all hysterical about being governed from den haag , even though they have a very strong regional identity . 
  not in the same way people are being all scared and angry about brussels from time to time . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about , and that 's what would need to change if a superstate is ever going to have any chance of succeeding . 
  i can only imagine how crappy yours must be , we already feel that way about our own government ... 
  but yeah , i agree . 
  people seem to think local = better , no matter what . 
  probably from some fear of loss of identity . 
  while our own government has made it abundantly clear that they mainly care about one thing : making themselves richer . 
  you could say people are not being properly represented either way , so it does n't really matter . 
  so if i had to choose , i 'd rather be not properly represented in a state that can at least compete , economically and militarily , with the rest of the world . 
  one that 's lead by one , united vision . 
  not by money and bickering politicians who are afraid what the media will say . 
  there needs to be a change in mentality . 
  of course everyone looks out for themselves , that 's natural . 
  but it does n't have to be that way if people stop looking at it as `` us '' and `` them '' , but rather as members of the same family , who have to look out for each other , and who stand together against the other `` thems '' of the world . 
  abomination hahaha . 
  you know , that 's actually why it 's called patat oorlog in the first place . 
  it has two sauces that you would n't typically eat together , that you would n't even expect to taste well together . 
  they 're in a way `` at war '' with each other . 
  it 's not a twist on patat speciaal though , we have that too !, 
  :d just with raw onions , not roasted ones . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_holland it was in that same age that aristocrats all over europe started using french words in their speech , much like how some people now unnecessarily use english words instead of their native counterparts . 
  some people in the netherlands even started faking french accents , because it was considered classy . 
  aah yes , the mighty fritessaus . 
  who else but the dutch could invent such a cheaper , crappier but still acceptable tasting version of mayonnaise ? 
  ( i actually detest french fries tbh , way too thin xd ), 
  true , we 've even been occupied by them . 
  i actually did n't know danish has a lot of french loanwords too !, 
  yeah dutch does too . 
  yeah no i get it . 
  i just was n't sure if you were joking or not in claiming that what is basically a french loanword has no mention of the french at all , and that that 's somehow better :p and then it seemed like you were n't so i just had to be that guy . 
   worked and traded and fought  well earned money i believe the indonesians would want a word with you . 
  for starters . 
  yeah no mention at all :p, 
   globally referred to as `` french fries '' but french fries are totally different from patat . 
  it makes sense to me that you 'd need to specify what kind of fries you 're talking about when you 're not talking about the `` normal '' kind . 
   supported you when western europe was laughing at your `` evidence '' of hussein regime 's ownership of weapons of mass destruction do n't know how proud you should be of that , since that 's still a totally unproved claim :p edit : just saying , you make it sound like the polish were the brave and wise ones in this case , and those who laughed at the notion the foolish ones , while they still have n't been proven wrong to laugh at it more than ten years later :p, 
  it really does n't xd thing is , generally colloquial speech in dutch relies heavily on sarcasm , irony and understatement ... 
  i tend to forget that haha . 
  what press is creating that illusion ? 
  the same press that starts ranting about racism every chance they get ? 
  which caused politicians and police to make the decisions they made ? 
  which then caused extreme right groups to feel they need to step up to fill the percieved vacuum of law enforcement . 
  i 'm not saying this is sane behaviour , but if you 're expecting that from those people that 's just wishful thinking . 
  those in charge of the police investigations , however , should have known better .
