  you 're not going to tell me he 's `` subconsciously racist '' , are you ... ? 
  ... why ? 
  where do you think they get all those virgins from , muslim women have to go * somewhere * when they die . 
  why would he be in denial about this ? 
  he 's not even french , he has no personal interest in the matter ( probably would n't even have that if he * was * french ) . 
  the article he shares is pretty clear in saying that it was wrongly translated , and apparently it was confirmed by a french official . 
  what more information do you need ? 
  of course , that * could * all be bullshit . 
  who knows . 
  but you citing the article that only seems te have the allegedly botched translation as a source is hardly a counter argument . 
   any conflict that does n't have two cleanly differentiated opposing sides meeting in open battle and it has to have to have baddies , do n't forget the baddies !, 
  it 's too complicated if there 's just two groups of people in conflict , one side has to be literally hitler ( mainly referring to isreal-palestina ) . 
  i assure you i have n't been doing anything with criminals . 
  but ehm ... 
  i 'm sorry for causing you harm man . 
   yes because its as simple as that . 
  sigh  why the fuck are europeans so defeatist ? 
  are you two people ? 
  if you ask me , it 's because of two factors . 
  on the one hand , people these days are so hysterically being non-racist that it 's sneaking into discussions where that shit is not even relevant . 
  if you openly criticise christianity , you 're just an atheist and people will agree or disagree . 
  yet if you do the same with islam , then you 're criticising a foreign religion and culture , and suddenly you 've become a bigot/racist/islamophobe / `` how dare you being so intolerant !!! 11 !! 1 ! '', 
  and many will be hesitant to agree . 
  on the other hand , because of this it is extremely easy for people to play the victim card . 
  as a non-white person , you only have to yell racism if you do n't get your way , and suddenly people all over the political spectrum will jump through any hoop to prevent being permanently marked as racists in the media . 
  it works that way for politicians , but also for individual people . 
  it 's a remnant of our christian values , `` turn the other cheek ; '' `` do n't fight , it 's what they want ; '' `` violence is not the answer ; '' in other words : `` do n't lower yourself to their level . '', 
  it 's pretty weak and pathetic if you ask me , and goes against our very nature ( unnatural christian morals ? 
  what else is new ) . 
  if it hardly even works among * children * , when there 's bullying in the playground , it certainly wo n't work now . 
  'cause in a way , that 's what happening right now . 
  we 're being `` bullied '' , as a people , and the only way our bully will stop is if he 's no longer * able * to bother us . 
  i 'm not sure if a full blown invasion is the way to go though . 
  they also thought they could wipe out the taliban within a few weeks , and look how that turned out . 
  it 's not our own story though :p that 's what he means . 
  for them , we are the bad guys . 
  so what do you propose ? 
  not thinking it through ? 
  shit ... 
  one * would * think that , and i think that up to a point you 're right . 
  up to a point . 
  we live in an era where the art of planting ideas in large groups of people 's heads has been all but perfected . 
  if the tsunami of commercials we are all exposed to on a daily basis can make us prefer brand * x * over brand * y * for seemingly no good reason , i do n't think it 's really necessary to reconsider the german ban on swastika 's . 
  just to name an example . 
  you realize that the nsdap did n't exactly include their plans for a fascist regime , or the holocaust , in their election programmes ? 
  :p go watch some of hitler 's speeches , there are plenty on youtube with english subtitles . 
  the stuff he is saying in those is actually extremely inspiring . 
  he speaks of a unified , reborn german people , of comradery , of solidarity , of making a stance against capitalist britain , against the jews and their ` conspiracies ' . 
  it 's really not surprising that the german people flocked to someone who promised them great things . 
  for all the atrocities the nazis have done , there 's no denying that hitler * was * a great orator , and a cunning political animal that macchiavelli would be proud of . 
  once his party had won the election , he orchestrated the reichstagsbrand to have a reason to declare a state of emergency and grant himself special powers . 
  one of the first things he used those powers for was outlawing any other party but the nsdap . 
  at this point , he could n't be stopped anymore . 
  german dissidents were just as ruthlessly deported as the jews , roma and homosexuals . 
  and this can happen to any country if the circumstances are right . 
  that 's why people were and are so wary of fascism . 
  it has no regard for the democratic process because it is an explicitly * anti * - democratic ideology . 
  giving it equal democratic rights is , ironically enough , the death sentence for any democratic society . 
  you only have to look at hitler , who made himself dictator through largely democratic means , or mussolini , who quite literally elbowed his way into parliament through violence and intimidation tactics . 
  the real question is , why would you * want * hate speech laws to be eliminated ? 
  does anyone in the us really benefit from all those morons going on tv saying * literally * anyting they want , just because it 's their `` right '' ? 
  believe me , debates in europe are hysterical and moronic enough without slander and hate speech being condoned . 
  that 's no * sir * for you . 
  seriously though , what the hell are you exactly saying no to ... ? 
  but then i do n't get why you brought him up in the first place xd because he was not born in constantinople ( which i assume is what you mean ? ), 
  what i mean is just that i think it 's a bit weird to consider him a uniquely french historical figure , that 's all . 
  i could be wrong in thinking that . 
   and the gauls are our ancestor but franks are n't well , no . 
  they 're not . 
  the conquering germanic tribes replaced/mixed with the local ruling elites where they established their empires and kingdoms , but the peoples they conquered were still the same people . 
  they were n't numerous enough to leave such a genetic mark . 
  they assimilated into the local population over time , not the other way around . 
  right , he was a roman born in the balkans . 
  which is why turkish people do n't claim him as their historical figure , afaik . 
  charlemagne was not french , he was a frank , who ruled over many peoples , including the gauls , your ancestors . 
  he was as french as carlos v was spanish . 
  yes , you are . 
  these laws were implemented right after germany saw itself tricked and propagandized into a racist , fascist dictatorship . 
  these laws are there to try to prevent that from ever happening again . 
  and it starts with not making that sort of propaganda possible in the first place . 
  a brit , not recognizing sarcasm ? 
  never thought i 'd see the day :p, 
  they 're lying , kebab is a gift from the gods . 
  on the subject of famous pirates , [ rock de braziliaan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roche_braziliano ) is always a personal favourite . 
  the english wikipedia is not extremely informative though . 
  but the peninsula italy already existed . 
  it 's something different than vercingetorix or charlemagne . 
  while i doubt anyone would call caesar italian , i think italians have every right to claim julius caesar as a historic figure from their country . 
  he was most probably from li\u00e8ge . 
  these laws exist specifically for speech in the public discours . 
  so twitter , tv , news media , etc. 
  what you say in your own home or with your own friends or any other people in a bar or on the street or whatever is your own business . 
  of course , you 'd seriously limit your pool of potential new friends if you go around saying that hitler was right about gassing jews , but that 's another thing :p, 
  no tv = sensory deprivation . 
  got it . 
  that 's the point , it 's what * should * have happened , but what media pressure has prevented . 
   near the gas station a neighbour is handing out garbage bags and is asking the eritreans to clean up their mess kind of nasty of the author to `` subtly '' group this in with people giving them the finger . 
  if you go throwing your garbage on the street , people are going to say something about it . 
  welcome to the netherlands , where there are fucking trash cans on every street corner . 
  they 're people , not zoo animals .
