  france has been in a state of emergency since the charlie habdo attack . 
   any basis on which you make this insanely racist claim it is the very reason that women are supposed to cover themselves ... 
  if a woman so much as does n't veil her face properly the police will consider it a logical consequence if she gets raped ; and proceed to arrest and prosecute her for luring men into sinful lust . 
  there is nothing racist about this claim , this is how these people have organized their society , and female foreigners are at the absolute bottom of it . 
  * they * are the racists , they really do n't need any protection from westerners on the internet . 
  if you go to a country with fucked up corrupt laws you 're placing yourself at the mercy of those laws . 
  you ca n't expect to catch a break just because you 're not from there . 
  it is terrible that this happened to her , but it was stupid of her to even go there in the first place . 
  the lesson everyone should take away from this is do not . 
  you will recieve no justice , the best you can hope for is apparently `` mercifully '' being deported . 
  these countries ' laws are specifically designed against women so why would any woman even consider going there ? 
  just because she is a victim does n't remove her responsibility for her own decisions . 
  this is not a matter of morals or opinion or emotions . 
  it is a simple consideration of the facts . 
  if any friend of mine were to tell me about her middle eastern travel plans i 'd wonder if she lost her mind . 
  maybe this kind of negative reinforcement is exactly what is needed to make sports events real again . 
   noting that ankara was a valued ally with its substantial contributions that 's your real reason . 
  well i 'll try it some time :p, 
  it 's not like there 's not a good reason to do it like that ... 
  i was sort of joking . 
  arguably most festivals are illegal drug festivals by now :p, 
  `` but that 's different because i like boobies ! '', 
   negatively affecting the vast majority i mean , if you do n't like public spectacles do n't live in a capital city . 
  there are plenty of events that i do n't go to either ( i did n't go to this either for that matter ) , but if the very fact that they 're there bothers you , that 's very much a you-problem . 
   message to our ** african american friends ** they are n't talking about the ones in america , are they ... 
  it 's just more unhealthy . 
  if religion was n't one of the main driving forces behind the repression of sexuality you 'd at least make sense . 
  it 's ironic that what you call `` who should you fuck '' is apparently less important to you , while it is catholicism that started this whole obsession over that in the first place . 
  then when people start celebrating not having to live under that yoke anymore there should n't be such a focus on sexuality ... ? 
  if the religious had left everyone the fuck alone about it , this would have stayed a non-issue all along . 
   an excuse to have a big party in the streets . 
  ... is that a bad thing ? 
  i 'm ... not sure what you 're saying . 
  well to each their own right ? 
  of course they are . 
  governments may have started to obligate themselves to treat them with dignity , but people are still people and shitty people are everywhere . 
  not too long ago in my own town a lesbian couple was kicked into the hospital by four men , with the message `` if you look like a dude you should fight like a dude . '', 
  the problems are far from over when discrimination is officially outlawed . 
  it 's only the first step . 
  and the majority of the world has n't even made that step . 
  i agree . 
  but i disagree that * we 're * on the undesirable end of the spectrum . 
  so do n't do that in your country if there 's no interest for it . 
  but why are you so bothered by it happening in * other * countries ? 
  how is this forcing anything for you ? 
  do you also have a problem with the half naked women on carnaval in brazil ? 
  a * catholic * holiday no less !, 
  does it empede acceptance of women and carnaval in poland ? 
  you make latvia sound like such a nice place to live :p, 
  `` just be more normal , then we 'd accept you . '', 
  yeah no , this is completely polands ' problem and you ca n't blame foreign cultural activities for it . 
  we 're not going to accomodate to the sensitivities of uptight religious prudes . 
  in another country . 
  religion a bigger deal than sexuality , are you fucking kidding me ? 
  is there a time portal to the 12 ^ th century on the german/polish border ? 
  this is taking place in the same city where half-naked women present themselves for hire behind windows . 
  not to mention it 's on national tv . 
  could it be that westerners simply are n't as prudish ? 
  not having to fear for your life merits a festival , i 'd say . 
  it does n't celebrate simply celebrate * being * lgbt . 
  it celebrates actually being allowed to be it , and to live with dignity . 
  that does n't even go spotless . 
  the protest aspect is very much still needed , `` even '' for a country like the netherlands . 
  that our government at least leaves gay people the fuck alone does n't mean every problem is solved . 
  besides , we have a festival for just about everything . 
  it 'd be weird not to have a `` gay festival '' . 
  they 're joking , but not three day ago there 's was a whole bunch of people in / r/videos saying exactly this about a similar attack in france . 
  moronicness needs to be mocked , lest it becomes a valid opinion :p, 
   it made to the international news because we are racist or something . 
  i ca n't imagine how you must feel . 
  aaaannnd with the world war ii jokes . 
  found the american . 
  dozens !, 
  i like it when a language has a lot of accents . 
   ukrainians are not so keen on being called guilty of genocide maybe people percieving it that way is the problem . 
  i feel in no way responsible for or even connected with the 17 ^ th century dutch slave trade . 
  it 's just something i know people did who used to live in the country i live in now . 
  much in the same way i ca n't imagine many people in germany feel that they are personally guilty of the genocide in wwii . 
  get over it , and own up to your country 's history . 
  i do not blame every single christian individual for the hateful religious crap of other christians , no . 
  neither do i do this with muslims . 
  though i also ca n't help feeling an aversion toward religious types in general , undoubtedly due to the surroundings i grew up in . 
  in my experience , they are judgemental pricks , at best . 
  it seems to be the whole point of religion . 
  denying yourself normal human experiences and looking down on ( maybe feeling pity for . 
  or feeling threatened by ) people that do n't . 
  if i encounter someone who says they believe in god i ca n't help but having an initial reaction `` ugh , great , another one of those ... '' it 's exactly the same thing with muslims . 
  you want to be religious , fine . 
  keep it away from me . 
  if i encounter one , the person may be perfectly pleasant and sympathetic , but i still ca n't help but having this initial reaction of `` ugh , great , another one of those ... '' if that is hateful then the people who whine about pok\u00e9mon go are also hateful . 
  people who see islam as a single entity and thus blame the religion as whole for the actions of extremists , are problematic . 
  they either genuinely know nothing about it or are purposely being untruthful . 
  but it 's also problematic to devote so much energy to assure everyone that the extremists are n't `` real muslims '' ( not saying you do , but enough people do ) . 
  yes they are fucking muslims . 
  non-muslims are probably the * least * qualified people to determine what is and is n't the true islam , and as far as i know even muslims themselves have never been able to agree what is either . 
  just like christians . 
  other muslims may not agree that they 're doing it right , but * they * think the same thing about other muslims . 
  islam has a thousand different faces , exactly like christianity . 
  some people may choose not to bother other people with their religion ( whether in a violent matter or by simply going from door to door with bibles ) but that does n't make their version of it any more real or legitimate than others who do ... 
  it 's all just people who think their god wants them to live a certain way .
