  all the necessary ingredients are there , the only thing that 's yet missing is a regime that wants to ( ab ) use them . 
  while some fifteen , twenty years ago our legal systems were still designed specifically to make that sort of thing impossible . 
  to prevent those in power from abusing the system . 
  all those safeguards have been taken down since by the vvd . 
  all because of the terrorists of course . 
  protesting without permission from the city is illegal . 
  so calling for a protest without declaring it at the town hall first will attract the police 's attention . 
  there were n't necessarily any lines crossed as they acted perfectly within the law . 
  personally i think that 's even scarier though ... 
  so how much do you pay for your coke ? 
  :o it must be cheap there then . 
  here in nl , most people agree that it 's way too expensive for what it does and how long it works . 
  just not worth it . 
  rich people drugs . 
  or something you safe up for , for a special occasion . 
  they seem fun you mean :p, 
  though that is slighty different from the stuff you put in your nose . 
  they 're ... they 're not supposed to do that ? 
  no dutch provinces are autonomous though , nor have a desire for independance . 
  it 's a different situation . 
  it 's exactly the same in groningen , only with speed being more popular than cocaine . 
  cocaine is expensive , and dutch are cheap :p, 
  there 's a reason people say that those who can make money with something they love are the lucky ones . 
  i somehow doubt it 's the fast food workers who are responsible for high cocaine use ... 
  probably why everyone does it there :p, 
  depends , if i 'm talking to people from outside europe , i 'm european . 
  if i 'm talking to other europeans i 'm mostly dutch . 
  if i talk to other dutch people i 'm a proud kampenaar . 
  i do n't think anyone truly identifies as a `` european citizen '' . 
  europe is not a unity . 
  sure lots of people love the idea , but let 's be real here . 
  the people in charge are hardly the ones who want that the most . 
  if it comes down to it the eu is just a bunch of corrupt politicians , trying to make sure that other countries are more screwed than their own country . 
  if their people are lucky . 
  some are even actively screwing their own countries ( looking at you , merkel ) . 
  it is , i just told you . 
  $ 100 - $ 150 for the drugs alone is still a crazy expensive weekend in my books :p, 
  if you want to know if the numbers for amsterdam are inflated due to tourism , just look at the data for other dutch cities ( site does n't really work for me , i 'm on mobile ) . 
  if amsterdam 's number is much higher , you have your answer . 
  let 's just say that the last time a word like `` patriotic '' was used here in a non-sarcastic manner was probably somewhere in the 18 ^ th century . 
  because even southern sweden is already as far up north as scotland . 
  to any non-scandinavian , below -10 c is pretty extreme . 
  as a contrast , during our remarkably mild winter last year we had 12c in januari . 
  if the climate is not too humid , then yes , i like it warm too . 
  thing is , 30 degrees in the netherlands feels more unbearable than 45 in spain, 
  turns out sweden gets extremely cold :p, 
  this is why i do n't like it at all if it does n't freeze here in the winter . 
  the air is crazy humid if it does n't freeze , and it makes a couple degrees above zero actually feel colder than a couple below . 
  the rain also does n't help . 
  freezing cold just feels cold on the skin . 
  humid cold chills you to the bone . 
  most northern european countries have some sort of scary character in their winter celebrations who punishes naughty kids . 
  krampus , perkele , etc. 
  and then of course there 's zwarte piet ... 
  do n't forget the palestinians are all * terrorists * after all !, 
  that is true . 
  plenty of people knew exactly what needed to be done . 
  it 's just that the people who actually had to make the decisions where paralyzed by fear of being perceived as racist . 
  i find it always somewhat frustrating that is often already counted as so-called `` anti-semitism '' ... 
  even the top comment mentions anti-isreal sentiment as the first thing in a list of factors that make the current situation a mess for jews . 
  since when do we have to agree with everything a country does , just because its people had a rough time in 20th century . 
  so then we just do whatever they do that enables them to not allow people back in their waters . 
  i do n't think anyone is suggesting this as an alternative to police presence . 
  that 's how i feel when i hear icelandic haha . 
  that one blond girl asking about `` romantic languages '' with a dead serious face smh . 
  would explain quite a bit actually . 
  oh i misunderstood then haha . 
  i thought you also meant that nikephoros would have rather called himself byzantine rather than roman . 
  i see , and that had already happened in 811 i take it ? 
  yeah i see it 's the same mechanism . 
  i 'm just not so sure i completely agree with the `` try to upset and promote raw language , instead of political correctness '' part of it ... 
   reddit and 4chan . 
  a group of disappointed young men who intentionally try to upset and promote `` raw language '' , instead of `` political correctness '' . 
  did n't he torture and kill small animals as a child though ? 
  i think i read that somewhere ... 
  but they still considered themselves the roman empire , right ? 
  sounds kind of glorious actually . 
  yeah , it was kind of difficult to miss at the time . 
  [ rock brasiliano maybe ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roche_braziliano ), 
  i try :p, 
  yeah i catch myself doing it too sometimes . 
  excellent article . 
  especially this bit  we tend to forget that there is nothing redeeming in suffering : being a victim at the bottom of the social ladder does not make you some kind of privileged voice of morality and justice . 
  is something that more people need to realize these days . 
  grown ass adults who still argue as if they 're five and have a booboo on their finger are not fit to function in this world . 
  when i hear icelandic or norwegian ( especially when sung ) i always kind of feel like listening to [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt4dfa4foey ) . 
  we just say portugal , with the g pronounced as your j :p, 
  it 's actually pretty cringeworthy , seeing these students acting like they 're tackling a serious , complicated academic issue , while they 're actually showing the world how shockingly little they know about it . 
  you mean to americans :p i do n't know how the hell they could confuse greek with portugese . 
  i think the main reason is that people simply think ij looks weird . 
  i know i do xd, 
   i 've seen both `` dirk kuyt '' and `` dirk kuijt '' that 's because dutch surnames where registered in a time where there were n't yet any general spelling rules to speak of . 
  there are lots of people with names that are alternative spellings of each other . 
  i have never heard americans pronounce beer as in steep or leave though :o if that was the case you would pronounce beer the same way as we pronounce bier , which i thought you did n't ... 
  also charlemagne the great . 
  a monarchy , technically . 
  it implies that when there 's a threat of any kind , people should be alert . 
  that is completely unrelated to how the threat is going to be dealt with . 
  this is not the problem .
