  for the wahabis this includes killing or maiming infidels and `` criminals '' . 
  imagine 11 ^ th century people in antioch going `` yeah but not all christians are crusaders !, 
  we should n't be hateful ! '', 
  it would have been true , but also pretty redundant , since * all * crusaders were christians . 
  i can assure you for a fact that that 's not true :p, 
  seriously , you * really * know nothing about this so please stop pretending like you do ... 
   by banning it they drop the immigration rate that 's not exactly the purpose ... 
  some people here are just weirdly icky about the genital mutilation of infants . 
  seems more correlational than causal . 
  there was little stopping illiterate christians from becoming ( by today 's standards ) `` extremist '' . 
  they did it in the netherlands too couple months ago . 
  it was supposed to bring the officers closer to the people or something . 
  i feel like someone in sweden does n't really have an opinion on the matter either way , and is just being sarcastic . 
  it gave me a chuckle , personally . 
  just saying , i know i know next to nothing about putin 's personality , except that which he wants me to know . 
  not really a good ground to base such things on . 
  arguably , putin does behave very paranoid towards the west . 
  and based on what i know about hitler , i 'm not sure `` paranoid hysteric little bitch '' is how i would describe him ( i know you called erdogan that , but since seem to claim he 's more like hitler in this , i assume you mean the same for him ) . 
  it feels more like your opinion on his person , which has to be demeaning because he 's a bad man , than an actual thought out analysis of their three different personalities . 
  ... do you know either of these people from anything else than news outlets ? 
  this kind of feels more like a `` nu-uh , he 's way badder . 
  * hitler * bad ! '', 
  type of thing . 
   hateful memes seems like an overly victimized way to react to a joke ... 
  well it really burned down , if that 's what you mean . 
  what makes him more like hitler than putin ? 
  hitler was also democratically appointed ... edit : just saying , the fact that people once voted for him means diddly squat when it 's someone who keeps grabbing more and more power , while blasting his people with propaganda . 
  if the only reason you can name for wanting him to stay is `` hurr democracy '' , you should really think a little on * why * you want him to stay . 
  especially because he seems to be the one * destroying * your democracy . 
  i understand that it 's obviously not so simple as good military vs. 
  evil dictator , but you 're also not going to make believe that * erdogan * is the good guy here . 
  there is a possiblity of course that it was all staged , reichstagbrand-style . 
   the one who came by voting should go by voting how can people say this about a man who has been making a mockery of your democracy for years . 
  either that or it will mean the eu will have become so corrupt it wo n't even try to pretend it is n't . 
  it was a really strange sensation to be out drinking in the city , while at the same time there was this going on . 
  `` off topic '' , right ... that must be it . . 
  to protect it , not to keep it clean . 
  wait i do n't get it , is n't that simply the new english name ? 
  why would you need to discuss it ? 
  you ca n't decide what other languages call you xd in most languages you are already called a version of `` czechia '' . 
  we say tsjechi\u00eb . 
  we say tsjechi\u00eb . 
   it will be a law directed against the jews . '' because they 're one of the few who even do it ... because it 's fucked up ... 
  but that 's just the consequence of being the only ones that even want to do it . 
  it 's not * aimed * at jews . 
  nobody would be allowed to do it , * not even * jews . 
  big difference . 
  i would n't say it 's common here , but i do remember some girls in my class getting their ears pierced as early as kindergarten . 
  there 's nothing wrong with your body , but it * is * mutilated . 
  a piece is missing because it was cut off . 
  how else would you call that ? 
  and there 's definitely something wrong with people who think this is an ok thing to do to infants . 
  also nobody needs you on their side . 
  laws will be made without the input of americans :p, 
  with that logic you can cut off the three innermost toes as well . 
  you do n't remember anything , and you can still live a pretty normal life with only your big toe and little toe . 
  what 's the big fuss ? 
  i never knew you guys did it until those threads . 
  as far as i know , here it 's pretty much universally considered something barbaric , but that for some reason people are still allowed to do ... 
  that 's just the americans . 
  and jews and muslims i guess . 
  it was for hygiene purposes . 
  if you live in an area where water is scarce , i can imagine you need to be able to clean yourself as efficiently as possible . 
  the entirety of nummeri and leviciticus is basically a how to run your own desert nomad tribe . 
  but slap a divine decree on it and people 4000 years later will still think they need to do ( or not do ) all that stuff . 
  islam does it too . 
  when you stab a pregnant woman in the belly so the fetus dies , robbing the parents of their baby before it can even become a baby , you 're considered the greatest monster there ever was . 
  how much of a difference is it when the woman does the same thing to her co-parent ? 
  it 's not right to force someone to take the risks of a pregnancy against her will . 
  but it 's also not right to deny your * partner in life * a say in the decision that affects a child that is just as much his as hers . 
  i 'm saying * mutual decision * . 
  nobody is forcing anyone else to do anything in this scenario . 
   just because you feel like it i mean , please do remember what we 're talking about here ... 
  it 's not a trip to your favourite restaurant . 
  it 's good that these things are no longer taboo , but let 's also not start pretending that it 's the same as putting on a condom . 
  at least have the decency of realizing that it 's no longer just your own life and body you 're making a decision about . 
  you do n't get to be selfish in this case , the father * nor * the mother . 
  i ca n't help but feeling they were n't exactly serious ... 
   just because people say it is not a taboo how can something be a taboo if nobody considers it a taboo ... 
  seriously , we do have plenty of actual problems in this country . 
  people do n't need to make up new ones . 
  sure , there are still who go ape shit over this kind of stuff . 
  depending on where you live , you may know * only * people who go ape shit over this stuff . 
  they exist , and you ca n't know for sure what someone thinks of the subject until you bring it up . 
  but that 's far from it being a societal taboo . 
  in order to simply survive you need to drain off of other life forms . 
  or do you live on a diet of rocks . 
  i do n't know , i think it should at least be a mutual decision of the mother and the father ( assuming he 's in the picture ) . 
  it 's her body the child is growing in , but that does n't make it exclusively hers . 
  it 's not her body , it 's * in * her body . 
  important distinction . 
  which is really nothing but a blatant misuse of the word . 
  have n't you heard , it 's only women and black people who can be discriminated against . 
  the rest of the world is too priviliged . 
  it 's the * men * who would be being discriminated against with this , how are the women the primary `` victims '' here ? 
  while you are technically right , that is not what people generally mean with regressive . 
  it 's more an expression than some academic term with clear definition . 
  also , last i heard about it spain had some serious democratic issues . 
  i do n't think it would be very wise of them to seek confrontation with the eu on this . 
  it 's not even about consistency , they just do n't want there to be any precedent of a separatist region succesfully gaining independence and joining the eu on its own .
