  they * have * to take this stance or else they screw themselves over . 
  and yet it was people * in * your government who called for this referendum , and played into the people 's eu-paranoia perfectly to advance their own agendas . 
  i do n't believe anyone with even a gram of brains actually hoped that leave would win , but it * was * a pretty clever ploy of the instigators to rally voters behind them like this . 
  too bad for them it worked too well and now it backfired . 
  too bad for everybody there , really . 
  nobody hates british people because of the referendum , no matter how often you guys keep telling each other that this is true . 
  people * are * astonished that so many people are genuinely convinced they 're better off outside the eu . 
  and those who want to work towards a truly united europe are kind of relieved that they can finally start making some real progress , without the britons sabotaging every step of the way . 
  the contempt and frustration is with your government , a sentiment i had expected you guys would be the first to understand . 
  i mean , if you * want * to believe that it 's that personal for people . . 
  they do n't need a lecture or punishment , but it * does * need to be made abundantly clear that this is no longer the way it is going to go . 
  exactly like with a spoilt child or when in an abusive relationship . 
   nations are reduced to nothing but petty provinces . 
  for people who worry about this it apparently goes without saying that this is a bad thing . 
  but to this day , no one has been able to explain to me exactly * what * makes this a downside . 
  the wounded pride of nationalists is the only thing i can come up with , which really is n't sufficient reason to keep halting the progress into the next century . 
  oh right , that was it . 
  i 'm actually not sure , which is why i included the possibility that i am mistaken , 
  my intuition tells me to count on the prolonged shitshow . 
  i think it 's actually the only logical thing . 
  if you leave a union you leave the union , with all it 's obligations * and * benefits . 
  britain did this to itself . 
  also if i 'm not mistaken such an fta will have to be negotiated and disclosed with each single country , starting from scratch . 
  it 's not like that will be finished next week . 
  haha the other two comments on this  between the ages of 0-12  the 90s were awesome i have a feeling i 'm not the only one for who those periods collide :p, 
  well the reason those kinds of authoritarianism do n't work is because it still falls to people to * make * it work and thus it never will . 
  one way or another a dictator * will * turn on at least a portion of its own people as there will always be people who want him removed from power ( also , if you ask me , the kind of dictatorship that the ussr was came more down to a bunch of assholes wanting to stay in power after their revolution . 
  thus seemingly similar but still not really comparable with the fascism that disagreed with democracy as part of its ideology ) . 
  but i can certainly understand the appeal . 
  i can totally understand why my grandmother always maintained that things were better under mussolini . 
  she remembered being able to safely leave her house unlocked for days while no one was home . 
  mind you , this was in * naples * . 
  if the only reason for doing something is `` because democracy '' , it should really be thought through just a little more . 
  fact of the matter is , most people are in no way fit to decide what 's best for most of the people . 
  this is the reason these kinds of referenda are n't legally binding , and it 's the reason that we choose people to make the day to day decisions for us . 
  which was essentially a terrific idea but what happens inevitably when you make the governance of a country depend on a popularity contest ; the quality goes down the crapper . 
  the idea may be that the party with the best campagn program wins , but in practicality the party wins who is the most likeable and who can convice the widest pool of people that their interests are going to be catered to . 
  the votes of the people are so holy to some people , but what happens when someone convinces the majority of something that is not true ? 
  is then the voice of the majority still the most valid one ? 
  what if most of the people , through misinformation , want something that the government knows to be wrong for the country ? 
  this danger has never been more real , in a time where the tools to manipulate and steer public sentiments are more sophisticated than ever . 
  democracy is just a tool to try prevent someone bossing over everyone else as much as possible . 
  nothing more . 
  it 's not this great , glorious , intrinsically valuable thing that should be preserved at all cost . 
  it is in no way the best or most efficient way of running a country , it 's just the least unfair one we 've been able to come up with . 
  i 'm not even trying to say we should abolish demcracy , it 's probably the least crappy system available to us at the moment ; but these * are * things that need to be talked and thought about . 
  fear of fascism should not be the sole reason for maintaining the status quo . 
  not sure where i was going with that actually xd, 
  that 's a really nice text for a poster or a banner . 
  or a facebook status . 
  do you also have any actual arguments to bring to the discussion or was that it ? 
  yeah , it seems more like he 's talking about what he would to do with money , rather than promising that that is the amount of money that will be available . 
  i mean , i 'm sure there are people here and there who have a weird personal vendetta against great britain for some reason . 
  but i 'm not sure how sn0r 's comment shows any evidence of such a sentiment . 
  and i also get the feeling that the scale of this `` problem '' has been hugely exaggerated by those reporting on it . 
  i assure you , as far as i know britain is still just a thing in the world to most people . 
  people can be annoyed with a country 's governments ' or people 's actions , but that does n't make it any kind of phobia . 
  so yeah , i 'm going to feel free to store this in the special place in my mind reserved for this kind of made up or just nonsensical notions . 
  like safe spaces , or islamophobia . 
  at some point you also have to ask yourself which is more likely ; that a politician lies/breaks a promise , or that someone , somehow , actually staged a video to * make it look * like he did . 
   your respect for democracy democracy becomes dangerous when you make it the purpose in and of itself . 
  if a government has to choose between hurting their country or voiding a referendum , how can `` respecting democracy '' be the most relevant priority ? 
  yeah and it does n't change now . 
  that 's his point . 
   anti-british  anglophobe has this become a thing now ... 
  but is n't the fact that the eu was n't dealing with it the very * reason * that austria and hungary had to take their own measures ? 
  and is n't the fact that the eu in its current form is hardly capable of anything other than making money for itself the reason that it was n't dealt with properly ? 
  and here people like you take that as a reason to just call it quits alltogether , instead of starting to finally do it * right * ... 
  because the loose , lame collection of nation states we are now is better able to deal with crises ? 
  he spoke , non-smug twattingly , from a thousand kilometres away . 
  well that settles it then . 
  that switzerland 's independance would be unacceptable to the brexit people . 
  i 've become genuinely curious about this now , but all i get for information is two people yelling at each other how wrong they are . 
  in some ways they already are . 
  right , well that settles it then . 
  hey , also heard about the lizard people ? 
  crazy stuff , huh ? 
  which is why , especially from our perspective , we absolutely * need * to make the eu `` our country '' . 
  people who want to leave must be crazy . 
  what do they hope to accomplish as practically a micro state in a world with ever bigger growing nations , armies , economies ? 
  china has cities with more people in it than in the entire netherlands . 
  say there * does * come a war , what is a dutch army going to accomplish , even * if * we had a high defence spending ? 
  exactly , which makes the pop-up useless . 
  if i did n't want your cookies , i would n't be using your site . 
  if there is no option where i use your site without the cookies , you only need to tell me about them . 
  you do n't need to make me physically click `` accept '' as well . 
  it 's absolutely not user friendly , but they act like it is because they give us a `` choice '' . 
   as if you needed to proof that you do n't know what you are talking about your entire argument comes down to `` no it 's not !, 
  you 're wrong !, 
  you know nothing ! '' . 
  let 's say they * are * wrong . 
  then tell them how it is . 
  show that you * do * know what you 're talking about . 
  how is this supposed to convince anyone ? 
  so because you 're fed up with the retards , you decide to join the retards on the other side ? 
  how does that help ? 
  you even do have a point . 
  it seems to be the favourite tactic of mostly leftists to attack the character of those they disagree with , as if that makes them less legit . 
  it 's the same mistake people have always made with extremists . 
  `` do n't legitimize it '' .
