  they can eat the same food we can . 
   know absolutely nothing about europe i saw an interview a couple months back , with a syrian guy who was * astounded * about how cold it was . 
  `` nothing like we expected . '', 
  this was in macedonia . 
  in august . 
  [ `` austria 's faymann likens orban 's refugee policies to nazi deportations '' ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/09/12/uk-europe-migrants-idukkcn0rc0gy20150912 ) for example . 
   rutte also said that internal eu disagreement over how to respond to the refugee crisis could `` tear away the very fabric of european cooperation . '' way to contribute to the discussion rutte . 
  we knew that already , people have been saying that since august -_- ', 
   racism towards russia  russophobe this is a thing now ... ? 
  i guess people will buy anything , as long as they 're the victim in the narrative . 
  'cause no one wants to go there :p < 3, 
  hmmm , it 's not really that simple . 
  germany said that all refugees were welcome there , so naturally they will do everything they can to get there . 
  and not only that , but when other countries tried to enforce the existing immigration laws , they got slandered as racists and nazis , by media , by protestors , even other governments . 
  they could redistribute refugees , and that 's probably what it 's going to have to come to , but that 's probably going to create more drama and clusterfucks , as many refugees have made it clear that they will not accept anything `` less '' than germany or sweden . 
  merkel has personally created this mess , antagonizing other countries in the process , and now the story in german media is that other countries are too selfish to help out ? 
  you can see that people are ... frustrated . 
  he also got beat up by an italian diplomat . 
  you 'd think they 'd know how to act more ... * diplomatic * ... in front of a camera ... 
  what 's your point ? 
   then make them register that was the whole problem to begin with . 
  immigrants refusing to be registered , rioting , going on hunger strike , demanding to be let through to germany , sweden . 
  and western european media/government/sjw 's encouraging them , shaming and silencing anyone suggesting that it might not be such a good idea to just let everyone through like that , calling them nazis , racists . 
  well , i hope they 're proud of themselves . 
  now we have imported hundreds of thousands illegal , potentially homeless , people . 
  merkel has screwed * everyone * over ; herself , her country , other countries , * and * the refugees . 
  but at least nobody was racist . 
  that was n't the goal , just the result . 
  people did n't find out about the concentration camps until the end of the war . 
  england was just defending itself , and had america been left alone they would n't even have gotten involved . 
  seriously ? 
  wow, 
   this leads to the unconscious correlation that brown person = rioter . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's just bullshit . 
  i 'm sure estionan police has had plenty of riots by white people . 
  we 're talking about adult police men and women here , not children . 
  i do agree that it 's a bit unnecessary xd what 's the added value of playing dress up ... ? 
  i really hope for them it does n't become #riga ... 
  well the thought behind the river was that witches could n't drown . 
  funny to see how different geographies can influence such things . 
  in nl they 'd just throw them in a river with a weight on their feet . 
  not many cliffs around . 
  i guess it 's pretty obvious and logical , but you just never think about it . 
  i get the feeling that people do n't really understand what i 'm saying ... 
  i 'm not defending that sort of stuff in any way . 
  and i 'm not talking about tolerating anything . 
  my point was just that what the first guy said is a weird thing to say , as if human rights are already established everywhere and some cultures just choose to ignore them ( '' * insert evil laugh * '' ) . 
  it 's the logical equivalent of saudis or africans , or whatever , getting angry at us because we lock up child molesters . 
  if you believe that your god tells you that you should kill homosexuals , or that women are your property , you do n't give a crap about some white dudes in some rich country on the other side of the world who have agreed that those things are not okay . 
  jesus , that 's terrible ... 
  i did n't even know that . 
  yeah no but what i 'm saying is ; you can hardly `` accuse '' someone of not respecting universal human rights when they do n't acknowledge those in the first place . 
  hm , you do have a point there . 
  thing is , i 'm just pretty pessimistic about it all . 
  the problem is that these people think that their god 's laws are the most holy and important thing in the world ( and to be fair , you and i would too if we were religious ) . 
  i ca n't really see that change within one generation . 
  we 've already had minor and major incidents of this type over the past years with * children * of muslim immigrants , who have been living here all their lives , so one would think that they would be pretty `` westernized '' . 
  i 'm sure that at one point , some day , it 'll work out . 
  but i 'm going to be egoistic here . 
  i 'm personally not really invested in having to deal with the shittines in the mean time , and i think more people share that sentiment . 
  we * have * only recently gotten away from shitty , backwards , religiously inspired situations . 
  and still not even completely . 
  that 's exactly the reason why people are not happy that there are now new religious fanatics pouring in . 
   ... people who ( ... ) still threaten and violate people  none of them ... 
  he was n't talking about refugees in general . 
   do n't respect universal human rights just playing devil 's advocate here , but those `` universal '' rights were declared by westerners :p, 
  because racism !!! 11 !, 
  interesting point , and i totally understand that . 
  but it is not our responsibility to create a safe space for every single person on the planet . 
  they may get tortured and killed if they go back , but that really is n't our responsibility either . 
  europeans would n't be the ones who killed them , they got themselves killed by getting themselves kicked out . 
  and it 's not as if they can only choose between the eu and their home country . 
  the world is big place . 
  we 're talking about cultures where they have absolutely no problem killing non-believers and homosexuals . 
  but when * actual * violent criminals come here we just have to put up with that ? 
  what kind of bullshit is that ? 
   our kids are being advised not to show too much skin when walking in the streets . 
  wait what ? 
  where is that ? 
  [ there are several semitic peoples ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semitic_people ) . 
  still would totally wan na live like a viking though, 
  yes , but ` progressive ' , in this way , is a completely empty word when talking about cultures from a thousand years ago . 
  * now * , in our time , gender equality is a progressive idea . 
  because the ` tradition ' was that the genders were n't . 
  but in pre-christian scandinavia , the genders were traditionally more equal . 
  so it 's kind of silly to be talking about more or less progressive in that regard . 
  if anything , if you take the situation of new christian laws and values coming into the area , not being sexist would be conservative in that situation :p people here throw that word around as if it were an umbrella term for all the current desirable ways of thinking . 
  i only see one italian dude doing that ? 
  he 's not even doing that , he 's just not explicitly stating it was terrible . 
  how where they more progressive ? 
  i 'm kind of in the dark as to what people here actually mean when calling people in the middle ages more or less `` progressive '' , as if that fairly modern term has any meaning whatsoever when applied to medieval times . 
  except maybe compared to modern times or whatever . 
  one could argue that the church organizing christians to go fight someone else instead of each other for once was * very * progressive from their point of view . 
  because pasta is supposed to be an entree dish ( is that how you say it ? ), 
  or a light lunch , not an entire meal . 
  because it probably is n't . 
  just like neger in dutch . 
  the americans went all hysterical over their version of it ( negro ) , and now suddenly the rest of the world has to feel racist for using a normal word . 
  well , no , nigger actually is a slur . 
  you ca n't use it neutrally , just like you ca n't politely call someone an asshole .
