  not everywhere . 
  so basically russia deserves economic misery for annexing a country but sa can keep on crucifying people because they help making making russia 's economy miserable ? 
  this feels familiar ... 
  hardly :p, 
  same thing is happening here . 
  i was n't saying that . 
  but we also do n't celebrate them * because * of our christian heritage . 
  i mean , i guess in a way it 's thanks to the church that they still exist , because they changed the meaning rather than outlawing them . 
  but the meaning has changed again . 
  for me , and many others , christmas is now a celebration of family and togetherness . 
  it * used * to be all about jesus , and before that it * used * to be about light in the darkness or whatever . 
  but my original point was about your question `` if they were secular why do n't they celebrate them in the middle east ? '', 
  which is just a weird argument imo . 
  it implies that a holiday is either secular and celebrated everywhere , or christian and thus only celebrated in the west . 
  it may not have been what you meant , i do n't know , but that 's what it implies . 
  and it 's just not true . 
  because they originated in europe . 
  but they did before europe was christian . 
  they got hijacked by the catholic church at one point , that 's true . 
  but i do n't think it 's right to say that that makes them culturally christian . 
  since they existed before europe was christian , and they still exist now europe is becoming less and less christian . 
  the same does n't go for , for example , pentecost and ascension day , two purely christian holidays . 
  for most people , those are just extra long weekends now . 
  please do n't make this yet again about the us and ttip . 
  and spare us the propaganda . 
  we 're not falling for it . 
  that 's not really a good argument . 
  they 're still western holidays . 
  that the rest of the world does n't celebrate them means nothing . 
  do we , though ? 
  i know hardly anyone who actually still celebrates the birth of christ with christmas . 
  he forced others himself though :p, 
  i 'm ... not sure actually xd i do n't think so ? 
  my situational awareness is n't that great haha . 
  and i 'm rarely sober when i 'm there . 
  it 's the one with the old factory tower . 
  you always start with a half and see how it lands . 
  since dutch pills on average contain between 180 and 200 mg , that 's plenty enough for a nice roll . 
  it 's shitty , you 're right . 
  i was pretty annoyed the first time i saw that . 
  yeah they 're not cheap . 
  but you only have to buy one . 
  and it depends on the place . 
  in simplon they let you keep the lid . 
  well , most clubs where people go and take ecstacy sell bottles of water that you can refill . 
  sometimes , even one is already too much . 
  it 's pretty interesting actually , this does n't seem to be a big thing in nl at all :o i think it might have to do with the murders of [ pim fortuyn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pim_fortuyn ) and [ theo van gogh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theo_van_gogh_%28film_director%29 ) . 
  this caused a huge blacklash which created a culture of basically `` i can say whatever i want , fuck you and your offended feelings . '', 
  which often gets mistaken by tourists for people being rude assholes . 
  which is not always incorrect . 
  looking at his comment history , this guy is either a huge troll or has the iq of a culliflower . 
  trust me , there 's no dutch dominance anywhere :p not with [ this guy ] ( http://www.markhulstein.nl/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/rutte-grijns.jpg ) on board ... 
  what a coincidence !, 
  the country itself is also somewhere between germany and the uk , 
  then you got lucky , many agencies do n't even hire to students . 
  i still wonder how than can be legal ... 
  you 're right in fact . 
  all those turkish and moroccans with the dutch nationality are obliged by law to smear flower on their faces . 
  they 're * really * noisey though . 
   everyone should be able to get a house , whether they 're dutch or not yeah , * i 'm * a racist . 
  i 'm from a family of immigrants myself , you dumb idiot . 
  living in a country does n't * make * you a that-country-an . 
  that 's only in america . 
  it just makes you an inhabitant of that country . 
  and as an inhabitant of a country you get the same benefits as everyone else . 
  imagine that , being called a racist because you do n't want one group to get special treatment . 
  i suddenly understand why sweden is in the situation it currently is . 
   they are just as much dutch as them if they live in the netherlands . 
  that 's not exactly how ethnicity works :p and i do n't see how that even matters ? 
  everyone should be able to get a house , whether they 're dutch or not . 
  and nobody is making it so dutch people have it * better * , and nobody says they should . 
  this is so refugees wo n't have it better than dutch people . 
  instead it stays equally shitty for everyone . 
  yay !, 
  but losing ww1 created the very atmosphere needed for ww2 . 
  if they had won the first , there would n't necessarily be a second . 
  they were . 
  and they originated from what is now the north of belgium and the south of the netherlands . 
  so if anything , * we 're * they 're descendants :p the french are still largely celtic . 
  just with a little bit of roman and germanic in the mix . 
  but the whole of europe is just one big geneteic clusterufck , really . 
  literally everyone has been conquered by someone else at least once . 
  that 's not exactly how it went down . 
  you think our intelligence agency is telling us * anything * ? 
  as opposed to the rest of the seasons , that mean slightly less rain . 
  hey , is that groningen ? 
  but in the mean time , they can apparently force other people to pay for a fucking shower and leave with their pockets filled . 
  wait , * china * is there ? 
  we just have wind and rain :( and clouds :(, 
  imagine walking there , struggling to walk forward , or even stay on your feet . 
  and then there 's some asshole standing 2 metres away , taking pictures of it instead of helping you or something ... 
  when greenland becomes green , we should worry . 
  but not entirely . 
  they just made more space available by drying up lakes . 
  it does n't , actually . 
  icebergs are already in the water , so the total volume of water wo n't increase when they melt . 
  melting land ice is what you need to wtach out for . 
   france has a long history of violent class struggles there you have your answer :p there 's no `` strategy '' , there 's no `` plan '' . 
  there 's just a cultural phenomenon that exists . 
  it 's almost like ... someone * planned * for it to work out this way ...
