  but you 're the only one who 's having so much trouble with it . 
  you 're the only one who is effectively calling everyone who dares to enjoy it in the least bit a perv and a sexist . 
  that 's got nothing to do with pc or not pc . 
  just with you being difficult and acting like a jerk . 
  of course it 's about fertility , it 's an * easter * celebration . 
  what else would it be about ? 
  also i really fail to see how patting a woman with a twig and her giving you an egg is in any way sexist . 
  because the men and women are not `` equally '' doing the same things ? 
  are you seriously four ? 
  and i can imagine that some people would feel insulted by you claiming that their silly harmless tradition exists so that `` pervy men '' can have something to `` wank over '' . 
   sensitive about their weird culture there a difference between criticism and just hurling insults , which your comments are filled with . 
  you 're being downvoted for that . 
   apparently czechs have thin skin c'mon mate , you ca n't possibly be claiming this with a straight face . 
  not while your country is the one with the obsession with offensivenes and political correctness . 
   something to wank over later why do you keep making it about sex ? 
  also you 've now had the perspective of several actual czech people on it , including women . 
  why do you keep insisting that it 's a shitty , * x * - ist tradition when clearly you 're the only one who thinks so ? 
  maybe people should stop trying to police other cultures ' celebrations so much . 
  i say people but i mean americans and british . 
   butthurt women hehe, 
  well there * are * girls who like that . 
  yeah exactly :p that 's a wide margin of error you 're allowing yourself there :p and while what you 're saying is obviously true , it 's kind of a moot point . 
  in that time brutal persecution of other religions was the norm everywhere , not just the middle east . 
  it does n't say that much to point out that muslims did it too . 
  i said gain momentum . 
  not originate . 
  also islam is not thousands years old , and the islamic extremism that wants the west to die certainly is n't . 
  is he though ? 
  i have the feeling that for most people , he 's just some guy that exists . 
  especially if that ideology was able to gain its momentum thanks to us , you know , swooping in and killing people . 
   has one of the lowest refugee acceptance rates if they had n't , do you expect that there would be more refugees going to the usa ? 
  crossing from turkey to greece is already extremely dangerous , the way they do it . 
  how do you see them crossing the atlantic ? 
  well i think it looks pretty . 
  but where is the smog . 
  that ... green stuff ... what * is * that ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that in , say , 50 or 100 years that whole stretch of north-western europe will be just one giant city , \u00e0 la new york/boston/washington / etc. 
  not joking , the drugsdealers practically throw themselves at you leaving the train station ( especially if they overhear you speaking dutch haha ) . 
  i once saw one of them having a casual chat with a police officer . 
  [ netherlands is a small metropole . 
  ] ( http://brilliantmaps.com/empty-netherlands/ ), 
  i actually do n't think that . 
  but i guess it makes ense that russia is richer than ukraine was . 
  but are n't you talking about something else now ? 
  that seems to be about charity . 
  what i meant is him saying `` love your neigbour as yourself , and god above all '' . 
  which is specifically an instruction to not put any human on par with god . 
  i 'm not sure where / u/vertitto gets it from that that is the most important christian value . 
  it 's not even a little bit true . 
  i 'm also not sure why i 'm being downvoted for pointing that out : /, 
  i was partly exaggerating . 
  i 'm just kind of having doubts about the trustworthiness of surveys from an area where we have just read human rights have basically been tossed in the garbage can . 
  it kind of stings that we get no mention whatsoever under science . 
  too bad they 're not in your government . 
  jesus , look at the rest of that list . 
  they sure do think highly of themselves , do n't they . 
   efforts are being made to by law approve of any man , including the most sinful . 
  jesus , it 's like i 'm reading a story about the middle ages ... 
  no it 's them on par with yourself , and god above all else . 
  so basically crimea was an actual , literal hellhole before this then ? 
  must have been if being occupied by russians feels like an improvement . 
  americans can be pretty loud . 
  that usually wo n't help you make friends if you walk down a dutch street , or sit in a train . 
  people will get annoyed with you . 
  if people come home from a vacation in the netherlands and say that there are rude assholes everywhere , that 's often most likely why . 
   britain ca n't control who comes and who does n't why is this a problem ? 
  it 's been like that on the mainland since forever . 
  seems to me it 's just something you 're not used to . 
   opinion pieces  heavily biased is n't that the point ? 
  this is why different people read different news papers , because they want the direction the story is being pushed in to be the same as how they think about it . 
  it 's also kind of suspect , or is that just me ? 
  school is accused of coming under increasing islamic influence --  instead of adressing the concerns , school bans the use of the word that has been coined for it . 
  in my experience , those who do n't respond to an accusation and instead make a big fuss about * how * you 're talking about it , are trying to divert attention . 
  then again , maybe i 'm just too stoned . 
  no that 's english . 
  the - t in in this case is part of angst , the - sch of schreeuw . 
  ch is one consonant . 
  because there is n't any xd but seriously , that article from reuters is so much better . 
  it 's not sensationalist ( though i guess that 's kind of a matter of personal/cultural taste . 
  i once met a brit who disliked dutch media for being too `` neutral '' and `` boring '' ) , it reports just the thruth and nothing else and , most importantly , * it does n't use terms like human rights abuses * . 
  if i think of * `` abusing '' * human rights , i think of a bunch of people who misuse their right to something for personal gain . 
  i 'm pretty sure the writer of op 's article meant to say `` human rights * violations * '' ... 
  reuters usually seems to be pretty unbiased . 
  i kind of feel like if they 'd intended to keep it low profile , they would have done so . 
  like how the taliban was succesfully purged from afghanistan ? 
  ... so why the hell are they even spending money on this ? 
  surely there are better ways to take down a drone ? 
  if anything , it 's spilling over to other countries . 
  we were just done with that whole pc hysteria we had in the 90 's / 00 's , and now people are fucking starting again . 
  of course . 
  but you could see the mafia as the first ( at least `` recent '' ) example of this form of organized crime . 
  veldher was implying that it was because of `` foreigners '' that violent crime in amsterdam has skyrocketed ( for dutch standards ) , while southern italy has been dealing with this sort of shit for ages , without any multiculturalism . 
  organized crime is caused by other things , the presence of a foreign populace is pretty much irrelevant . 
  well you 're right , of course . 
  but then i 'm not sure what your original point was . 
  the person you responded to was n't saying that . 
  my point is that with a legalized economy of drugs , it 's easier to keep tabs on those who are addicted . 
  but if the very act of them buying the drugs is already a crime then it is much harder to reach them and to offer them help . 
  you 're right that legalization does n't * solve * the phenomenon of addiction , but that alone is not a reason not to do it ; as it does create a much better environment to start tackeling the problem ( as seen in portugal ) , and it * does * solve several other things . 
  alcoholism is n't solved by outlawing liquor either , the only thing that does is worsening the problem .
