  who 's talking about a new hitler ? 
  i 'm talking about mob violence in the streets . 
  seriously though , as much as some redditors like to applaud themselves for their superior intellect , there are * way * too many people on here who think that analysing the reasons and factors behind an occurence is the same thing as defending the behaviour . 
  i 'm not calling * them * official ... are you saying that this is n't a worrying development ? 
  vigilantes patrolling the streets ? 
  even if this particular group has only like ten people ( for now ) ? 
  i 'd say they just want defend `` their '' people against those `` dirty foreigners '' because they feel the real police does n't do a well enough job . 
  media attention is nice for gaining more members . 
  promising as in that in seems that things are now officially starting to get out of hand . 
  oh well then xd i always wonder who these people are , going around threads downvoting left and right if they disagree with the statement , without actually contributing to the discussion ... 
  i somehow doubt that that was their reasoning . 
  not everything is a plot to manipulate the media and public opinion . 
  seriously , what the fuck am i saying wrong ? 
  am i not mentioning the words `` awful '' and `` civilized society '' often enough ? 
  i 'm not defending it , i really do n't get the downvotes . 
  but this is what happens , what has happened many times before , and something any capable police force could have and should have foreseen when they decided that it would be better to just hide all the attacks by refugees . 
  i predicted this very thing right after nye . 
  though everybody also knows that if that police does n't give the people the feeling that they 're being protected , this is exactly what happens . 
  people start protecting themselves , for better or for worse . 
  well that sounds promising ... 
  i did n't expect this to happen so soon to be honest . 
  edit : i mean this in the most worrying and depressed way btw, 
  wow that sounds extreme ... 
  there 's plenty wrong with the way they treat asylum seekers here in nl , but it 's paradise compared to that ... 
  anyway , what i wanted to say , there 's a reason country make the asylum process as lengthy and frustrating and possibly even inhumane as possible . 
  they hope a good portion of applicants will get discouraged . 
  they ca n't legally deny them entrance , so they make it so that people will just give up . 
  what i meant is you can place yourself in danger while on shrooms , but that does n't make mushrooms dangerous , which was very much the rethoric back in 2007 ( / 08 ? ) . 
  many people die driving cars , but outlawing cars is not one of the solutions thet try to find for that . 
  unless you 're looking for an excuse to do so anyway . 
  it was also absolutely pointless . 
  you can just buy truffles and still have a nice trip . 
  the only difference is slightly more discomfort on the user 's part , because you have to eat more of it and it 's disgusting . 
  i thought it was off a viaduct ... 
  either way , she was being irresponsible . 
  if you use a thing wrong , you ca n't blame the thing for it . 
  ... to what ? 
  you can borrow some of mine . 
  all women ? 
  all the time ? 
  that 's kind of a broad yes-or-no question . 
  i 'd say it depends on the context in which they are made . 
  all these americans attacking the author 's character , being sarcastic about the perceived pointlessness of his article , rather than bringing any intelligent criticism to the table . 
  this tells me you guys do n't have any . 
  americans getting all uppity about this stuff does n't improve your image . 
  i agree with you on that . 
  it seems as though people usually mainly refer to people in/from me or na countries when talking about `` muslims '' . 
  because muslim redditors are a perfect representation of the whole religion , especially for north africa and the middle east . 
  oh he did , he just did n't care . 
  they better come to staphorst to warn everyone religion is dying out . 
  and then the muslims . 
  hopefully that 'll speed up the process :p, 
  i have to disagree with your take on that last part . 
  i do n't think he meant to say the arrivals had any entitlement , just that they have the right to ( in other words , are entitled to ) an evaluation etc. 
  it did , actually . 
  so much so that forests started growing larger . 
  and that 's why we use downvotes , not censorship . 
  that people here abuse the vote system by downvoting anyone they disagree with is not the forum 's fault . 
  do n't forget that they 're living right in the middle of putin 's propaganda circus . 
  their take on foreign affairs should always be taken with a grain of salt . 
   propaganda is a form of communication , often biased or misleading in nature aimed at influencing and altering the attitude of a population toward some cause , position or political agenda in an effort to form a consensus to a standard set of belief patterns . 
  took me ten seconds to find . 
  some words really just have one definition . 
  this is one of them . 
  which the article would have told them if they 'd bothered to read it ... 
  [ also this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdb-kntbdqa ), 
  what story are you referring to ? 
  because everyone else is referring to the story about this girl having been raped . 
  some people pay for that . 
  i do n't know , in theory a benevolent , technocratic dictatorship * is * much , much better , and certainly more efficient than having everything argued over by people who won their position through a popularity contest . 
  problem is , who are you going to entrust that much power ? 
  and censorship . 
  they 're not questions , they 're very real convictions that people have and that need to be adressed . 
  i 'm 22 and i have . 
  i did n't have any , but it certainly would have helped :p, 
  with knives and crowbars . 
  nobody is blaming the italians . 
  but i do think it 's a retarded thing to ask of a host country . 
  prudish idiot who gets squeemish from a few stone boobs . 
  but those were already in place before the vvd came in charge . 
  that says nothing about the current state of the government . 
  not thanks to the vvd , who have been in our government for six years now and are pretty right wing . 
  i think it was more comparable to fascism/national-socialism , in the end . 
  what i meant is that we , as a country , have gotten to the point that there 's legally nothing wrong with this kind of behaviour . 
  that used to be different . 
  oh man i loved that shit as a kid . 
  mainstream media have been ignoring this alltogether . 
  our police have become very bold . 
  over the past ten years , in tiny step after tiny step , they have accumulated powers and liberties that were unthinkable ( not even legally possible ) twenty years ago . 
  all in the name of ` national security ' . 
  they do n't have to hide their bullshit anymore . 
  for most things they have found a justification by now . 
  they used to illegaly wiretap every phone in the country , until people got wind of it now the law 's changed and they 're just exercising their legal powers . 
  they used to illegally employ drone surveillance , until people got wind of it . 
  now the law 's changed and they 're just exercising their legal powers . 
  and now this . 
  the more critical thinkers among the dutch public have been waiting for something like this to start happening for a while now . 
  it 's exactly the same type of intimidation tactics they were using the last time immigrants and islam were a hot topic . 
  the netherlands is well on its way to becoming an actual police state , right after the uk .
