  you do n't fuck with french workers . 
  a french protest without at least three deaths is considered a dull affair . 
  i 'm sure you know more about it than an actual turkish person . 
  but if i 'm not mistaken , the markermeer and ijsselmeer are protected areas now . 
  so i do n't think they 'll dry those up any time soon . 
  because the politicians are afraid to be smeared as racists . 
   mental health disorder  contagious if it 's contagious it 's not a mental disorder . 
  you ca n't classify a way of thinking as a disorder just because it 's a shitty way of thinking . 
  that 's actually extremely insulting to both religious people and mental patients around the world . 
   you 're being delusional  get your head out of your arse  racist shitbag  ** no offence ** ... really ? 
  i 've only ever seen it used to place an exclamation mark behind a word in the middle of a sentence , to put emphasis on it . 
  i mean that that 's their point . 
  so why should we have to take it all so seriously ? 
  they 're just arbitrary rules people make up for themselves . 
   very few people seem to have a problem with them cherry picking no , this is exactly what people have a problem with . 
  the difference is that people get all uppity when it is pointed out about muslims . 
  i mean , that * is * pretty much the job of a minister/priest . 
  explaining pieces of text to other people according to what they studied and their own personal interpretation and opinion . 
  and because so much is open for interpretation and thus discussion , anyone could come along with a new interpretation and start a new church . 
  the goal was to liberate the occupied countries in the same way it was the numerous coalitions ' goal to liberate europe of napoleon ; they needed to drive out the occupying force and then had no desire of conquering the territory for themselves so they reinstated local governments . 
  but the reason for invading was n't necessarily `` how dare you occupy these poor people '' . 
  i guess it 's kind of pedantic xd but still an important difference to be aware of in my opinion . 
  i 'm sorry , reading it again i was extremely sloppy in wording it . 
  but this statement  we should have just let those nazis to their business , amiright ? 
  seemed to paint the picture i 've seen many people and movies adhere to . 
  that the us decided to set out specifically to liberate europe from the nazis , and safe everyone from genocide . 
  which was arguably not necessarily the goal . 
  it was obviously the consequence , but as far as i know the holocaust was n't even public knowledge yet . 
  and there have always been plenty of brutal dictators , which of itself has never really been much of an incentive for other countries to invade them . 
  i did n't say that , but that also was n't really how the us got involved . 
  for the longest part of the war that is exactly what they did . 
  this is precisely what i mean . 
  the us is portrayed as the hero who came to save everyone from the baddies . 
  they were simply one of the fighting parties and as such have comitted plenty of atrocities of their own . 
  comparing which one was more awful is completely rendundant , and trying to deny them or deflecting attention to the shit of others just makes you look petty . 
   you 're irrationally angry and hateful you 're still not coming up with anything to support this . 
  you 're just saying words . 
  you 're slinging insults throughout this thread , trying to get under people 's skin . 
  then , regardless of whether or not you succeeded in this , you go on to proclaim that it is so . 
  am i angry and hateful ? 
  not really . 
  do i think you 're a smug little prick who thinks he has a much better understanding of things than he actually does ? 
  very much , yes . 
  but i 'm perfectly capable of thinking that about people without getting myself all riled up , i assure you . 
   like you 're doing right now i 've only ever met ( `` met '' ) americans who do this , unless it does n't happen to be a relevant topic to the conversation . 
  recognizing what a given group of people is prone to really is n't the same thing . 
  but you have a point , maybe reddit is n't the best pool of people to base such conclusions on . 
  actually , no , yeah , reddit is definitely not the right pool for it since many people here suffer from a very unique type of mental retardation . 
  and the type of medium that this is makes it even easier for that kind of highly infectious brain tumor to spill over to this side of the atlantic as well . 
  that said , i have no doubt you will find tons more examples of dutch redditors saying things like that . 
  let 's just emphasize the fact that they 're dutch * redditors * . 
  i can tell you from experience that `` we '' have some of the most intolerable people on this site . 
   putin , is that you the mere fact that we have heard similar things from him does n't automatically undermine their truth or validity . 
  obama and putin are both in the comfortable position of being at the head of two absolute shitholes of countries who are also each others ' rivals : and they 'll both eagerly jump on any controversy from the other country , to deflect attention away from the controversies in their own country . 
   nothing you said is even close to consistent that 's not how arguments work , if what i said is so inconsistent you should be able to point out why . 
  not just that it is so . 
  now you just give off the impression that you 're simply unable to * understand * it . 
   i thought you did n't take history personally ? 
  we 're talking about the country where you 'll get scolded for raising your arm the wrong way . 
  what people take personally is the assumption that germans are n't the most disgusted of all about their country 's nazi past . 
  people trying to tie them to their forefathers ' actions is what 's insulting . 
  even bringing it up as if that shit is still in any way relevant is what 's inappropriate . 
  but it starts with other people treating it as if it is n't in the past . 
  there 's no `` humor '' in the german who 's `` lecturing '' you about this ugly side of france 's liberation because this german is about as responsible for germany 's part in the war as someone from zimbabwe . 
  * you 're * the one who seemed to feel threatened in your glorious patriottism by it , and who keeps spouting whataboutisms to everyone who dares to dispute you , assigning all sorts of emotions to their comments that are n't there . 
   you 're the one taking it personally and emotionally no * you 're * the one blubleblab . 
  seriously though , how am i doing that ? 
  you guys are also very prone to treating every individual of a given country as if its people were a single entity . 
  i 'm not sending any flowers . 
  my state sends flowers to another state . 
  this is not on an interpersonal level . 
  individual dutch feel no more or less grateful towards individual canadians than any other people . 
  whereas you guys still seem to feel pride over something you did n't do or even helped do ; that has become hugely exaggerated through propaganda ; of which the more ugly facets are being covered up for you . 
  when this is pointed out you people act as if you 're personally insulted by it , and try to find `` humor '' in a german talking about it . 
  this betrays a fundamental ignorance about germans and german culture . 
  on a somewhat related note , you also seem to be one of the few countries where people do n't seem to be aware that making holocaust jokes about germans is actually extremely insulting and considered wildly inappropriate by anyone with a healthy understanding of history . 
  it 's something i remember being done by the , ahm , `` mentally lower '' portion of my school . 
  you guys have it on national television and consider it witty . 
  people are possibly confusing the definition of murder with killing in general . 
   no one 's ever survived being murdered . 
  that 's their whole point , you 're arguing it back at them while thinking you 're disputing it . 
  arguably someone who 's dead is the only one who * does n't * suffer from it . 
  it 's their loved ones who suffer . 
  that 's why i think the death penalty is fundamentally pointless as a method of punishment . 
  it depends on your point of view i guess . 
  on whether you consider beind dead as the absolute apex of misery . 
  an interesting philosophical discussion for another time . 
   you 're basically saying they 're permanently damaged goods they potentially are , how is that offensive ? 
  it 's part of what makes having been raped or abused so awful . 
  you do n't need to treat victims of any sort as if they 're 3-year-olds with a booboo on their finger . 
  you do n't have to exclusively say things that emphasize the terrible-ness of their ordeal . 
  you can say other things when they 're true . 
  being offended or not does n't even come into play here . 
  if facts offend you , that a you-problem . 
  does n't become my responsibility to conceal them . 
  you do n't flatten entire cities and then get to pretend you 're somehow the only one who managed to stay the `` good guy '' . 
  matter of fact , this whole good vs evil bullshit is where it went wrong in the first . 
  there is n't , only if you take this part of history as personal and emotional as americans tend to do . 
  as if it happened last week and they were personally there . 
  that seems an extraordinary situation for me .
