  why are you proud of it ? 
  because the people involved were born in the same countries as we were 300 years later ? 
  that 's pretty pathetic actually ... xd, 
  seriously , i would n't be caught dead on that thing . 
  yeah that 's pretty much how i feel about it as well , the minimum voter turnout is ridiculously low . 
  so that a ) you ca n't make any meaningful conclusions on its result , and b ) the whole process will be turned to shit by people trying to outsmart the system . 
  but calling a referendum on one the most common kind of treaties that exist , for the sole purpose furthering your own anti-eu agenda ( even outright admitting that that 's the case ) ? 
  `` abusing it '' is exactly what i want to call it . 
  i know i did, 
  and it 's gone ... 
  i 'm very much for this referendum law , i think it 's in essence a fantastic idea , but if people keep abusing it like with the ukraine treaty i do n't see it existing for very long either . 
  ( i was actually glad to see the initiative for the ttip referendum . 
  the first referendum should have been about that in the first place ), 
   how does your region destroy pizza ? 
  i think that would have been a more appropriate question :p, 
  that last one starts looking more like a lahmacun haha . 
   so when he got out of the car we decided to arrest him jesus , what do you get when you let two morons fine a third moron . 
  well you know , i agree with you on that . 
  but i do n't agree with the people who see that as a sign to call it quits . 
  it needs to be done better , but that 's only possible if we * keep doing it * ; instead of undermining it at every chance with all sorts of referenda . 
  yeah exactly , what kind of argument is that ? 
  `` we 've never sued them before so let 's stop with the hypocrisy '' . 
  lack of transparancy is the whole thing people are fed up with . 
  that it 's always been like this is not a reason to keep it that way , it 's what is the problem . 
  nobody likes a minimum turnout this low , that was the whole fucking problem with this referendum . 
  but they implemented it because voter turnouts in elections have been at an all time low . 
  they did n't want to risk these kinds of ( relatively ) low-profile referenda to be inadmissable , so in a classic example of pragmatic and ill-thought out dutch policy making they just made the required minimum turnout so impossibly low that it would always be reached . 
  problem solved !, 
  only now there is the reality that you still ca n't make any meaningful conclusions about what the people actually wants . 
  only that the people who were against , were more motivated to bother to show up . 
  both options were equally shitty , pushed by opposing but equally shitty people . 
  that was the whole problem with this fucking referendum . 
  it was n't choosing between yes or no , but the for the least crappy option with for least amount of people . 
  it 's no secret that geenstijl was having money problems . 
  it 's also no secret that putin funds anti-eu parties and news sites . 
  it does n't have to be true , but it certainly is n't much of a stretch . 
  alright , maybe i 'm being a little harsh . 
  i just personally think it was kind of a childish move ( no offense ) to try to influence a referendum like that , not to mention a risky move , since the ones who wanted the referendum the most were the ones who wanted to vote against it . 
  so you could be sure that they were motivated to go vote . 
  i voted for . 
  not because i necessarily cared about the treaty so much ( or even knew wtf it was about before last week ) , or even think it was the best deal i 'd ever heard about . 
  i 'm sure there are a lot of hidden nasty things going on with it , that 's just the way the world works and you do n't change that by blocking one treaty . 
  also very few people ( that i know of at least ) were making themselves any illusions as to whether a no-vote would actually even lead to blocking the treaty . 
  no i voted the way i did hoping to help prevent exactly what happened . 
  now we have , yet again , been internationally embarassed by a vocal minority ( or at least we still do n't know if it really was a majority or not because of the crappy way the referendum was built up in the first place ) , possibly straining dutch-eu relations in the process . 
  this whole referendum was a far\u00e7e , it was never even about ukraine . 
  it 's goal was to try to put tension on our government and the eu itself . 
  yeah that 's geenstijl for you . 
  a bunch of narcissists who were in money trouble ( remember this is also the blog were powned originated from : the news channel that has made it it 's trade mark to humiliate people on national television for fun ) . 
  which is why not voting in the hope that the against-people would n't be numerous enough was the most retarded and naive thing they could have done . 
  the * foundation * of the eu is not waging war on each other and working towards becoming a state capable of competing with countries as us and japan . 
  at no point did the member states decide it would be our holy mission to help everyone who is poor and corrupt . 
  it 's nice when it happens , and i 'm all for it when it 's possible , but it * certainly * is n't our `` moral responsibility '' . 
  people thinking this , that 's what * i * find disheartening . 
  all i got was university debt . 
  it 's like you 're * one of them * ... :o, 
  jesus that 's a lot of hostility for no reason . 
  i 'm not trying to get anything through buddy , do n't worry . 
  i 'm saying what i 'm expecting is going to happen . 
  you think different . 
  it 's fine . 
  edit : on the `` new line to say '' . 
  this is n't exactly a new criticism . 
  30 % is a retarded turnout minimum . 
  you ca n't make meaningful decisions on what little over 15 % of the people want . 
  and you certainly ca n't claim that that is `` the people '' speaking . 
  i understand why they went for it , but that does n't change the reality . 
  regardless of whether you 're for or against . 
  no i do n't . 
  i only know that i 've personally already seen a lot of people on social media saying they did , so i 'm just assuming those were n't the only ones in the country . 
  also considering d66 bothered to publish an article in the volkskrant , begging people not to do that very thing , that supports me in my assumption . 
  then there is the fact that they were pretty much ready to go on this and almost everyone else has already ratified it . 
  i do n't think chances are that high that the netherlands is going to be the only country to break open this treaty . 
  not because of an advisory referendum wherein 60 % of 30 % of the country said they do n't want it . 
  i 'm not talking about the implications of partaking or not partaking in a referendum ; i 'm talking about the motivations of the people who chose not to , and were being obnoxiously vocal about it . 
  you can bet that that is going to be taken into consideration since this is only an advisory referendum . 
  nothing about it is binding . 
  no there are a lot of people who vocally abstained from voting because they did n't agree with the referendum in the first place . 
  seeing as this is only an advisory referendum , that 's most probably how the cabinet is going to take it . 
  there were plenty of people who were in favour but did n't vote to make some general point about the referendum . 
   i 'm pretty sure there were more and better political debate for elections then for this referendum . 
  that 's putting it waaaay too optimistic . 
  that our government ratified it means nothing . 
  if it were n't for this referendum i never even would have heard about this treaty , and a lot of other people would n't have either . 
  and now they try to push us to vote what they want . 
  it 's exactly this kind of manipulation and lack of transparancy that people are fed up with . 
  and that 's the reason they came with this referendum . 
  not because they especially care about this one treaty so much , but to try create a precendent of more active participation in the national decision-making . 
  yes ... ? 
  i was being general , there had n't been any major wars . 
  just like how we now say that europe is at peace since wwii , even though there has been plenty of violence between then and now . 
  that 's ridiculous , you ca n't say that without knowing what the future looks like and we ca n't know that . 
  all you can say is that there is now less fighting than there used to be , maybe ( which i dont know if it 's true , necessarily . 
  i have a feeling it is n't , but that 's just my guess . 
  i do n't know and you 're not giving any actual data . 
  you just claim it exists ) . 
  but remember that before wwi there had n't been any fighting in europe for like 40 , 50 years either . 
  war must have felt like something of the past for those people too . 
  because fighting is something of the past ? 
  except a headscarf is not simply a fashion statement .
