  free speech is something that goes with free movement of the people etc. 
  so , all the people is free to move , but there 's an exception for chinese . 
   i was talking about the exceptions to the rules as this prophet drawing afaic should be one to the free speech rule . 
  ok , then i did n't misunderstand you after all . 
  but seriously ? 
  free speech and freedom of movement are two comepletely different concepts that may be both desirable , but that does n't make them the same . 
  free speech is not some umbrella term for civil liberties , and has nothing to do with calling something a marriage ( are you referring to gay marriage ? 
  ) , or laws favoring christians/discriminating chinese . 
  free speech is just one thing : being able to express your opinion , whatever that opinion is . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
   human rights are n't defined locally as you 've already known . 
  any local implementation should just precede global one . 
  actually , technically they are . 
  they have been declared universal , and i think it 's good that there people working very hard to make that a reality , but that was n't universally agreed upon of course . 
  the fact that we consider certain things every human 's right , is pretty meaningless if you live in a country that does n't recognize those universal human rights . 
  and besides , having everyone in the world follow all your religious rules , regardless of whether they follow the same religion , is * not * a human right , last time i checked . 
  freedom of speech , however , very much is . 
  and that 's in part * specifically * because of past religious censorship . 
  giving in to religious considerations when it comes to this is ... ironic to say the least . 
  i was n't trying to insult you , i just honestly could n't tell anymore and i was wondering if i was n't just making an ass out of myself by still giving serious responses . 
  but ok then . 
  about this . 
   absolutely yes . 
  nazi regime was absolutely strongest political system at that time , just as western liberal democracy that charle hebdo hype represents is now . 
  that is * one * point of similarity between the two situations . 
  one . 
  actually , no : two . 
  there were in both cases drawings involved . 
  but let 's look at the actual situations . 
  at the one hand we have cartoons , made as propaganda for a fascist regime , meant convice people of the existence of a jewish conspiracy against them , to inspire fear and hatred towards jews . 
  propaganda that ultimately helped creating the required context for hitler to grab absolute power . 
  at the other hand we have cartoons , made by an independant satirical magazine that is known for its sharp , often controversial satirical criticism of among others religion ( and especially islam since it 's a relevant topic ) , that were critical towards islam and that involved drawn images of mohamed . 
  cartoons that ultimately drove a couple of extremists to slaughter the cartoonists responsible for making them . 
  the two situations are not even slightly comparable and i find the fact that you think they are a bit worrying , to be honest . 
  it 's what initially made me think you were a troll . 
  that 's not at all what i said . 
  but many of them ( at least these men , in any case ) probably think it 's fine to do bad things to , say , non-muslim women . 
  how did they come by these ideas ? 
  they probably picked them up growing up where they did , where these ideas are considered normal . 
  do you understand that mentioning the ( suspected ) reason behind someone 's crime does n't excuse them in the slightest ? 
  a neutral observation of the facts that have led these men to believe that what they did was even remotely acceptable . 
  furthermore an expression of hope that , in time , others who were raised in that same environment will decide that not going to jail is preferable to assaulting women . 
  for starters . 
  it 's not an excuse at all . 
  i think you 're reading too much into it . 
  of course they do . 
  not surprised at all . 
  but it also should n't have to be our problem . 
  that 's probably not what they meant . 
   there 's no doubt about it as there are uncountable more of those who would suffer from allowed drawings than those whose artistic potential would suffer from ban . 
  the only people who have `` suffered '' because of the drawings are those who drew them . 
  that 's hardly an argument to stop allowing it . 
  if anything it shows that it 's absolutely necessary to keep allowing it . 
   exceptions like calling something a marriage and banning included of adopting a child , `` accepting '' defined quotas under christian-only condition , giving visas to chinese only if they are wealthy enough , ... you either were n't understanding what i was saying from the beginning or just making jokes . 
  those are exceptions of free speech ? 
   who was talking about living here ? 
  i 'm not talking about our fellow eu muslim citizens , i 'm talking about whole muslim world and about general world 's human rights principles . 
  that 's great haha let 's limit our own freedoms so as not to offend people in ** other countries ** . 
  great thinking there . 
  you should be president of a country . 
   absolutely yes . 
  nazi regime was absolutely strongest political system at that time , just as western liberal democracy that charle hebdo hype represents is now . 
  ...  i do n't know you so i do n't know wheter our conversations would go more interesting way if you would be less serious about . 
  seriously though , you 're just trolling , are n't you ? 
   there are many precedents where some rights are higher in hierarchy and so capable to exclude lower ones . 
  we could just implement that on this . 
  that 's precisely what i 'm doing :p we just disagree on what right is the higher one in hierarchy . 
   that 's a very fine rhetoric and would have suited if there had n't been other exeptions too . 
   i 'm not talking about anything but just about painting of a sole character . 
  exceptions like what ? 
  the swastika ? 
  laws surrounding slander ? 
  i really think that 's of a very different kaliber than drawing a guy with a beard and a turban and naming him ` mohamed ' . 
  the fact that people 's religious feelings are hurt is really not that relevant . 
  that 's the consequence of living in a free society ; that other people may do or say things that offend or infuriate you . 
  you learn to deal with it . 
  if someone really ca n't handle that , they should n't put themselves through the terrible ordeal of living here . 
   there were brilliant times after wwi when satire was perfectly used to reveal jews who were shaking world 's destiny at that time . 
  who knows what would we have missed afterward if there had n't been those braves who explained stuff . 
  that 's very nice , are you now * literally * comparing charlie hebdo 's satire to nazi propaganda ? 
  do you really want me to give a serious repsonse to this ? 
  and forbidding us from drawing anyone would be right against our laws against censorship . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not unspympethatic to muslims who feel their god ( or prophet ) is being violated . 
  i get that it feels shitty when infidels do something that is highly forbidden in you religion , when they violate someone who is so sacred to you , for the sake of satire . 
  but that is honestly the full extent of how much i care . 
  people in europe fought very hard to have nobody tell them what they can and ca n't say , do or think ( or draw ) * ever * again . 
  and to me , that principle is just as holy as mohamed is to muslims . 
  you say that nothing is gained from those drawing , but there is * always * something to be gained from satire . 
  it makes people think , it can portray things in an alternative light , it criticizes things that the author considers absurd by innocently poking fun at it . 
  you mean to say that no white person has ever been told that they are personally responsible for the slavery in america ? 
  you must not have had a lot of internet arguments :p, 
  it 's interesting you say that , i made the same observation a few years ago . 
  we are entering an age of victim culture , where the perceived `` winner '' of a dispute or argument is no longer the one who is the strongest , also no longer the one who keeps their dignity ; but the one who was done the most harm and complains the loudest about it . 
  that 's the one people will root for . 
  i think it 's in part because of modern cinema ( think about it ; in films it 's typically the underdog you 're supposed to root for , instead of the big bad mean bully . 
  generations growing up with movies like this probably has had an impact ) . 
  and also just a logical consequence of mass media , combined with maybe a reduced ability of police to treat everyone fairly . 
  if someone threatens you in the street , it 's often not smart to fight back . 
  you could get hurt , and even if you win the fight there 's a chance that now you get in trouble for using violence . 
  but if you catch it on camera and show it to the police ( and/or put it on youtube ) it 's clear to everyone that you 're the victim .
