i 'm happy for westerners to go an fight for isis and i do n't think it should be disencouraged . 
  it means that people who have those kind of beliefs either die fighting for isis , or if they survive they have identified themselves to the security services . 
  it 's a great honey pot for islamic extremists . 
  there is a difference between not being able to pay your debts off and not being able to service your debts . 
  greece would n't be able to service their debts . 
  it 's why we 're going to vote ukip from now on, 
  i think only the french are annoyed, 
  madrid is good, 
  per week or per month ? 
  more green, 
  must keep scotland in the uk, 
  because it was already good, 
  so you would likely have to pay rent out of these monthly figures too ? 
  i was going to say , that sounds reasonably generous if you were housed on top of that , but not so much if not . 
  what benefits do spanish people get when unemployed ? 
  including what are they provided for housing ? 
  see my reply to username ljljljlj, 
  see my reply to username ljljljlj, 
  the irish were often compared to africans and were sometimes called ` the niggers of europe ' . 
  they were treated as second class citizens and a whites only establishment often would n't grant entry to the irish . 
  obviously their skin colour was still white but it was more a cultural thing where they were n't considered civilised and therefore were not part of the white race and society . 
  sometimes this was taken further and physical comparisons were attempted such as in [ this ] ( http://richardnilsendotcom1.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/irish-negroes.jpg ) drawing , along with desperate theories claiming the irish were genetically related to africans . 
  also the irish were n't considered white, 
  affordable housing, 
  no one would leave reinforcement steel exposed like that and expect to form new concrete on it . 
  a couple of years exposed to the elements and it would rust and be useless . 
  i 'm a structural engineer by the way . 
  the stories are there because there is truth to them , how can this tax dodging culture ever be denied when you hear facts like more than 60 % of the greek population claim an income of under 12,000 euros ? 
  you will notice many buildings in greece with reinforcement bars sticking out of the top like they were never finished construction but the building is in use . 
  this is done intentionally as some kind of tax dodge as the building is n't considered finished . 
  many reputable companies and hotels etc are happy to openly do this which is representative of their open tax avoidance . 
  if this happened in a northern european country people would boycott the company that did it , in greece it is accepted and no one cares . 
  look into it and you will find that many treaties have not been signed by all countries . 
  italy and spain have n't signed them all for example , are they not ` full members ' either ? 
  in fact i do n't know if a single country has signed all the treaties . 
  how it feels and how it is in law are different . 
  the eu is not just about no border checks and a single currency , arguably the freedom to relocate within the eu and the free trading block are more important aspects of the eu which every member country participates in . 
  i believe he was referring to the eurozone and that the uk is not in it when he said  while not being a full member . 
  uk is a full and founding member of the eu . 
  eurozone \u2260 european union . 
  spain has been acting like the north korea of europe . 
  gibraltar is british and spain needs to stop embarrassing itself . 
  okay i see , thank you for explaining again . 
  but honestly i do n't believe the figures this site has given . 
  saying you can get a 3 bedroom place in the city centre for # 1200 is simply not true , these figures are underestimating massively , perhaps 1.5-2x under . 
  quote those rental figures to any londoner and they will laugh at you . 
  also spending only # 55 for a months transport pass is low , or maybe that is only for zone 1 which is only where the very very rich can afford to live , i can guarantee that the vast majority of londoners spend far more than that on transport . 
  where have you got that data from ? 
  are you suggesting 330 $ a month or a week is the price for a 3 bedroom flat outside city centre ? 
  are you comparing weekly and monthly figures ? 
  rent is 2.5 x higher and transport is 2.5x-3x higher . 
  these are expenses that take up a large proportion of peoples spending therefore effect the comparison with more weight . 
  it is not uncommon to see people in london spending around 2/3 of their salary on rent . 
  also while disposable wages are nearly 2x higher in the comparison you showned , i expect that this is skewed due to the higher inequality in london due to the massive financial sector there , exacerbated by the fact it gave the median wage and not the mean wage . 
  if you compare the mean disposable wages rather than the median you will see that uk is only about 20 % ahead of spain [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_average_wage ) . 
  i do n't know about mean london vs mean barcelona but i expect it would not be anything like 2x higher . 
  20 % more ? 
  clearly you have never been to london . 
  i 've been saying for quite a while , living in london provides a very low standard of living compared to many other western cities . 
  rent and transport costs absolutely kill most people here . 
  as a percentage of gdp per capita would have been a lot more meaningful . 
  still italy would have come top i expect . 
  captain hindsight !, 
  so i guess its reasons like this why china force google out of their country . 
  no one who has a job thinks that, 
  do n't think of yourself as a roma . 
  it sounds like you do n't live as per their traditional culture which is good and means you 're not really considered a roma by european standards . 
  just try to forget your half roma heritage and live as a civilised person and you 'll be fine . 
  people wo n't hate you for your genetics . 
  just do n't try to be proud of your heritage because honestly there is nothing to be proud of . 
  the people voted for it in the election and referendum so why do n't they deserve it ? 
  but the greeks are so humiliated, 
  yes but clearly this is n't the norm for greece otherwise it would n't have been posted . 
  exactly , still many decent muslims living in europe . 
  but the percentage of radicalised muslims is far from being a tiny minority , which we are constantly assured is the case by the politicians and the media . 
  it 's this kind of attitude by the mainstream media and politicians that is pushing europeans more and more to the right wing . 
  so is nick clegg on there simply because of his pro eu views ? 
  the independent is n't particularly pro tory so the article is written with negative spin . 
  but i can tell you from experience as a british person with personal experience of our benefits system that housing benefit is separate from all other benefits and is not a benefit that can be taken away from you for failing to look for work or be involved in any similar schemes such as this . 
  the benefit in question with this scheme is the ` job seekers allowance ' benefit which is dependant on having to look for work and going to interviews that they arrange for you etc , so its not a benefit that all out of work people get automatically , only if they follow the already strict rules of actively trying to obtain work . 
  but yes this benefit would cover your everyday living and feeding so is still a necessity for some people out of work even if they still get their housing benefit . 
  they still get housing benefit on top of this and despite how hard they are looking for work . 
  in london and the south east they would often get # 500 to # 600 a month for this . 
  the # 70 a week is to pay for everything else other than rent . 
  because it 's not commercial work , it 's clearly not meant to be a replacement for a real world commercial job . 
  if you worked even a minimum wage job you have to tend to your responsibilities and have to exert a certain amount of effort otherwise you would lose your job , and you have to exert a certain amount of effort in the first place to get the job . 
  what is proposed is community work , where they are guaranteed the work , and where i am certain it will be almost impossible to lose the ` job ' , even if they exert the absolute minimum effort amount of effort . 
  so why should this pay a comparable salary to an actual commercial minimum wage job when they do n't have to worry about the real commercial world and free market forces that those on minimum wage jobs do ? 
  hence why it 's only 30 hours a week . 
  the french work very hard so that they do n't have to work hard, 
  i agree . 
  should have let them default, 
  lefty politicians now have blood on their hands . 
  it 's not like the warnings that they ignored from people like nigel farage were even needed , as it was so blindingly obvious to any rational person that this was going to happen . 
  claiming that the west does n't carry out the same is laughable . 
  the us has a long history of influencing politics in south america which is public knowledge now . 
  are we to believe that they have completely changed their tactics and morals all of a sudden ? 
  this is by no means a defense of russia 's behaviour btw . 
  not any that i 've seen, 
  because every country has plumbers but the uk 's financial industry is one of a kind in europe,
