  commuting to work is probably not taking longer than in london . 
  there is a big airport . 
  several universities nearby with a focus on technology , it , and economy . 
  living is cheaper , calmer and probably saver than in london . 
  and , as i said before , there is space to grow . 
  it 's not about what `` germans '' decide , it 's about what the banks decide . 
   it 's a small city : the it sector in london is about the whole population of frankfurt ... that means that the quantity of growth it can absorb is limited . 
  only if you compare it to frankfurt as a single city . 
  but when you look at the rhein-main region ( ~ 6m people ) as a whole , it 's not that small anymore . 
  plus there is space to grow . 
  one could even argue that it is more comfortable to life there than in london . 
  many of the bankers in frankfurt live in the taunus , to the north of frankfurt , commuting every day to their work place . 
  maybe not every banker wants to live in an `` exciting city '' , but rather prefers to have an own house for his family with a garden in some `` boring '' place . 
   `` italian '' more like * mediterranean * . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  lol from start to finish ? 
  i would not have the patience for that . 
  i think i would have tried to break over the edge , but i guess i just played to much gta ... :d, 
  thx :d, 
  gabriel getting rekt ... 
  i feel a little sorry for him , even though i would not have voted for him . 
  i just think it 's a little much that went wrong in the younger past of esa . 
  i wonder what * we * study . 
  could be a question in the next survey . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oui7nui5tw ) is a more detailed video . 
   no worry the election of trump has shown us where this attitude leads to . 
  her success is worrisome , even if she loses . 
  just making a fool of her and her supporters is dangerous . 
  it would still be a pretty decent overseas territory . 
  if i were dutch i would go for it ... :d `` meek de neederlands weder grijt !!! '', 
  ( do n't know if that makes any sense in dutch ), 
  well , lets see what goes wrong this time ... 
  not respresentative , sure . 
  but still you do n't get these kind of discussions in comparable topics about german-french/german-netherlandish/turkish-greek / etc. 
  history . 
  people seem to be more aware about their remarks there . 
  maybe it 's just my personal impression , but a certain group of british people are strikingly offensive/insensitive about their nations past . 
  reading the comments here , jesus ... o_o i had no idea that there are still so many bad sentiments between britain and ireland . 
  the more glad i am that some people did some things very right in the german-french reconciliation . 
  ... with burning tires and shit . 
  french protesters love burning tires for some reason . 
  i 'm beginning to think they actually mean it . 
   springtime of social democracy in the late 90s and that did n't lead to much i would disagree . 
  the reforms of that period made germany and the uk economically what they are today ( in contrast to france & italy ) . 
  schr\u00f6der may have disappeared in putins ass , but honour to whom it 's due ... 
  and conservative people ? 
  you may find them stupid , but they have just as much a right for their own views . 
  what kind of discrimination do homosexuals suffer from in germany ? 
  it 's a non-issue . 
  it 's basically only about the word `` marriage '' . 
  afaik not even the homosexuals here care , they are perfectly ok with the rights they have . 
  gays are pretty much perfectly accepted in germany . 
  here is a [ picture ] ( http://www.taz.de/picture/278657/948/westerwelleahmadinedschad.20110220-09.jpg ) of our former , gay foreign-minister having a chat with achmadinetschad . 
  or with some [ arab guy ] ( http://www.handelsblatt.com/images/westerwelle-in-doha/6718290/3-format2403.jpg ) in saudi arabia . 
  i do n't know of any country that pulled a stunt like that . 
  true , but germany is in a currency union , and this union as a whole is not doing that fine . 
  so i think it could indeed be the moment for a stimulus , but only together with serious reforms of the parts of the union that are not doing fine . 
  innerhoden lol, 
  til switzerland did n't have the right to vote for women till 1971 . 
  wtf ?? 
  o_o best video so far btw . 
  plot twist : the guy was an undercover government agent and everybody who accepted a tulip gets arrested for corruption . 
  i still think it is ... o_o, 
  100k on the protester side vs. 500k new voters for the responsible party . 
  simple math . 
  you know what ? 
  i think i will go to romania and become a mafia boss or something . 
  they even have faster internet . 
  here is whom they send as the new ambassador to the eu : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mxfua1wzew&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
  i heard they lost several leopard tanks when using them in urban terrain . 
  penalyze them . 
  they are making money here , so there is money to get ... 
  lol, 
  i love how the author of this gif did n't even bother to give the other two names . 
  sorry schulz , i am not going to vote for somebody with a rhineland dialect . 
  especially not with low energy bootlicking ... you should have better shut up . 
  i heard in russia they do the same thing , except that the women are younger and they tape it with a hidden cam ... xd, 
  what is he supposed to do ? 
  he ca n't be that delusional to not see that his country goes to shit . 
  and the good , old medicine of all dictators against this is making war ... 
  i hope in your next life you become something like a stone hauler for some crazy prince , that * this time * builds his kitschy castle on top of the fucking himalaya with a very romantic sight . 
  we are only at 3000 meter ! '', 
  * whip , whip * :d, 
  auschwitz serves as a polish museum since ' 45 ... just saying ( / kidding ) ... xd, 
  now , let 's talk about the refugee crisis ... xd, 
  the whole region of harz is so beautiful . 
  my mother comes from there and i have a grand uncle in osterode . 
  but this region struggles hard with its demographic problems , can you believe that ? 
  young people do n't want to live there . 
  :( if anybody wants to buy cheap real estate ... 
  and here is the soundtrack , with text and melody by luther himself : [ a mighty fortress is our god ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wirputvbyxu ), 
  that 's why i do/did it . 
  i mean , it 's like digging a well ... super cool !, 
   we dont hate you we just do n't see the eu working out and your going to have to change our minds , the eu has not shown itself to be as capable a partner as the individual nations of europe once were . 
  says somebody from the nation that has just elected the orange man for it 's head of state . 
  your democracy failed hard here . 
  the whole world has suddenly lost faith in your sanity . 
  the country that promotes itself as the ` land of the free and home of brave ' does not even try any more ... 
  if the us really goes down this way of the last week for a whole election period our economic problems in the eu are peanuts compared to yours . 
  super powers sometimes go down surprisingly quickly ...
