i still have n't seen the passage where it says [ ... ] you also still have not seen the passage where i claimed it would say that . 
  and yet , every communist experiment ever ended pretty much exactly as if somebody told people exactly this . 
  could make you think ... 
  listen , i am not trying to convince any communist here , that 's like pinching a bull in it 's horn . 
  and the communist crowd shows it 's lack of intellect and arguments in the form of downvotes . 
  proletarians of all countries ... :d, 
   `` as soon as [ ... ] '' lol , so when hell freezes over ...  who sought to abolish the rule by the few with a society for all the irony !, 
  i bet in a capitalist society the number of owners of means of production is a million times higher than the number of rulers in the communist party . 
   `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' refers to the decision making in society and the class that enacts it translated to reality `` class that enacts it '' means : the communist party . 
  and there we are ...  misunderstanding in regards to this simple concept is equal to nietzsche presenting nietzsche as a nazi is obviously ridiculous . 
  just as ridiculous to denying any relation whatsoever between him and nazi-ideology . 
  but the most ridiculous ones are those who try to make nietzsche compliant to liberalism/democracy/etc . 
  the fact that you are not even able to correctly read five lines lets me doubt that you have even read a single one from the kapital , which you defend so grimly . 
  he is not talking about the french revolution . 
  he did instruct them to set up a dictatorship , yes . 
  stop playing stupid ... 
  engels : `` a revolution is certainly the most authoritarian thing there is ; it is the act whereby one part of the population imposes its will upon the other part by means of rifles , bayonets and cannon -- authoritarian means , if such there be at all ; and if the victorious party does not want to have fought in vain , it must maintain this rule by means of the terror which its arms inspire in the reactionists . 
  would the paris commune have lasted a single day if it had not made use of this authority of the armed people against the bourgeois ? 
  should we not , on the contrary , reproach it for not having used it freely enough ? '', 
  and the bible did instruct people to do so ? 
  i must have skipped that passage ... 
   100s of millions suffered from the various christian ideas for example ? 
  or freud . 
  the downvotes say otherwise . 
   to fight with nazis if obama would have phrased it like that there would be outrage in poland . 
  with that settled , you should now discuss whose daddy is stronger ... xd, 
   hdp voter so basically a terrorist yourself ... 
  i 'm a nazi-fascist btw , as you can see on my flair ... high five !, 
   because they were closer to russia than nato . . lol , that is quite an understatement . 
  the pkk was little more than a russian vehicle to spur uproar in a nato country . 
  russia tried to use the misserable situation of the kurds in its own interest , like it did with so many other `` socialist '' groups in other countries . 
  why else do you think they transport socialist ideology ? 
  that was the condition for russian support . 
  just like the us supported islamist groups against socialist influences ... 
   his he also claims to be a `` girl '' ... on the internet ... xd, 
  yes , nothing against kurds in general . 
  a more or less literal tldr would be : the pkk tries to use the decades-long suppression of the kurdish people to show off as their sole representative and spread godless , marxist propaganda . 
   it could have been spent much more wisely . 
  or do you think 1 million refugees was the best way to spend tax payer money on a stimulus for the country . 
  i 'd like to see you argue that was the best way to spend the money . 
  you are implying that germany had much of a choice here . 
  so , how would you like them to get treated ? 
  like people without any citizenship ? 
  when i was in lisbon i sometimes felt like in the elder scolls , because of these ruins ( there are lots more of them ) . 
  do you have a kebap shop ? 
  if he speaks english well ... 
  oh please , you are not trying to apply logic to what people like that say , are n't you ? 
  in this case , yes . 
  but not in general . 
  ( execpt you are swiss . ), 
  i was expecting tits or something . 
  i was deeply disappoined ... :(, 
  ... who was a terrific wankerer ... xd, 
  it 's exactly talk like this that leads to that kind of shit . 
  turks talk like they are the great osmans , poles talk about their heroic deeds of the past and their commwealth , the greatest of all empires . 
  and that while everybody sees and knows , and especially those talking like that , that both countries are on the larger scale not very much relevant . 
  it 's nothing but symptoms of an inferiority complex , if you ask me ... 
  to be fair , the slogan `` estonia , bestonia '' is really catchy . 
  i have no idea about that country , but for some reason i think it 's great ... o.o, 
  to be fair , bild and the sun are a completely different league . 
  compared to the sun bild is serious journalism . 
  did you win ? 
  kidding ... xd, 
  territory of the biggest , included state , obviously . 
  xd but it 's flawed , it 's missing alsace and south tyrol for the german one ... xd xd xd, 
  oh yeah , before france a britain broke up the ottoman empire kurdistan was a souverain state ? 
  it 's all the fault of european powers , as usual ... 
  to windy ... kidding ... portugal is great !, 
   certain someones thinking that southern countries just waste money on women and liquor did the news not spread yet that he never even said that ? 
   i expect germany to gift ... that 's such an eastern european thing to say . 
  all the german tourist needs is sun , beach , sea and sangria . 
  can you provide that ? 
   considering that this issue is literally `` not our fucking problem '' did n't you guys help bush messing up the middle east and creating isis ? 
   demanding some `` transfer fees '' from poland something certain eastern european countries would never do ... right ? 
  the hypocrisy is amazing . 
  are n't you the one who just made this about brexit ? 
  how much was she ? 
  i think it 's not only about reliability , but also very much about `` bleeding edge technology '' , `` excitingness '' , `` fun to drive '' , `` user experience '' etc. , basically what apple delivers in consumer electronics . 
  and this what german cars have their reputation for . 
  joke ... , 
  clear violation of the vermummungsverbot ... 
  you are free to make your own version ... 
  could we go back to old traditions and at least give a tldr in english ? 
  no , we have sun , we are now lazy all day and need it ourselfes . 
  you bail us out in a couple of years ? 
  no it is n't . 
  let me give you an example of a violation of sovereignty : an mp , that was explicitly denied entry to another country , but that enters anyway in the hope of causing tumult and disturbance to generate votes , that is one . 
  the german pilots have clear permission to do what they do in turkey by the turkish government . 
  and the other one looks like they went out of stones the day they wanted to finsih it . 
  and before that americans used to live in europe , so they are responsible to what happened there too ... xd, 
   do you remember partitions of poland ? 
  well , you got both parts back . 
   or teutonic knights ? 
  what about them ? 
   and we still did n't get the money for renting the land under your death camps no , but you got some high quality death camps . 
  =d  not to mention fine for pollution technically there is no legal claim for that . 
  you should refer to the ancesters for that . 
  aaah , we are doing the good old set-a-specific-point-in-history-as-reference-game . 
  i choose [ this one ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsches_reich_1933_bis_1945#/media/file:grossdeutsches_reich_ns_administration_1944.png ) . 
  i get bonus points for my map being in beatiful brownish ... xd,
