   trump is alienating important allies and getting in bed with america 's oldest modern enemy . 
  what is he trying to achieve ? 
  prevent the publication of his hookers-peeing-themselves videos ? 
  at least for now ... :d, 
  well , it might be unlikely that he becomes the next chancellor , but it is quite likely that he will be leader of one of the coalition parties , and in that role he could very much affect the profile of this coalition . 
   formerly very pro-us country i do n't think germany was really * very pro-us * at any time in it 's history . 
  sure , given the choice between russia and the us most germans ( by far not all ) certainly take the us , but that 's it . 
  especially german intellectuals have the tendency to scorn the us . 
  the stereotype is a mixture of a ruthless gangster and a stupid cowboy . 
  especially at the end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century . 
  it 's somewhat amazing when you consider how much germany benefited from the good relation to the us after wwii . 
  i am not one of them , but it is not completely insane . 
  one could see it as a lot of potential . 
  i mean , think about it , the country with the biggest territory , huge natural resources , a large population , and it is in such a miserable condition . 
  it 's a shame and says all about it 's elites ... 
    and germany newspaper der bild   no !, 
  just no !, 
  i guess the author thought he was clever when he googled the article . 
  few do you know about cases , engl\u00e4nder ... :d, 
  great , let 's see how they botch it this time and try to sell it as a success ... 
  it is quite common to refer to germans a ` facists ' to this day . 
  i heard that from a russian emigrant . 
   the median age of these satellites is 1.3 years really ? 
  just another thing gb ca n't offer ... :d, 
  i already see a landbridge between europe and america emerging . 
  ( with lots of caravan traffic on it . 
  dam !, 
  `` kiri , hunter is so modest , he starts his name with a lowercase letter ( and his eyes are so bad , he did not find the apostrophe on the keyboard ) . '', 
   this is what i mean about not being able to talk to germans about this subject , immediately hostile . 
  it was you who portrayed the opposite side as `` very emotional '' , `` crazy '' in the first place . 
  damn , napoleon must have given the english a remaining scare . 
  in another way i ca n't explain that they come up with him every time to show their disdain to the french . 
   the millions of people who left poland would have created a lot more wealth than 830m per year if they were unemployed ? 
  damn , i wonder what this does to the health of the population . 
  it could further destabilize the countries in this region , and this would certainly not be in our interest . 
  the situation in turkey today is in no way comparable to post-war poland . 
  poles did not chose their communist dictatorship , it was forced on them by foreign powers . 
  erdogan is in power in turkey because he has a majority of the turkish people behind him . 
  i mean , it would be somewhat understandable if turkey was under thread or starving or in some crisis or something , but from all countries in that reagion ( except israel ) turkey had it best : they had strong support from the west , are a nato member , had the perspective of an eu-membership , the situation with the kurds was calm , the economy was on the rise like never before . 
  but then erdogan went totally nuts and a majority of turks supports him and throws it all away for reasons i ca n't really comprehend . 
  i witnessed this once on a sailing turn on croatia . 
  ( the boat was in the harbor ) terrifying !, 
   i feel sorry for all the turks who seem to blindly trust erdogan and who will one day wake up in a nightmare . 
  fuck them !, 
  whoever has not already woken up , deserves it . 
  i feel sorry for the clearheaded turks who see their country go to shit for a while now and ca n't do anything because of their stupid countrymen . 
  jesus , how often does the google-maps car frequent romain roads . 
  ... or polish death camps . 
  i mean , everybody knows already . 
   football the last time i checked there were 17 wessi clubs and one austrian brause club . 
  to me it seems pretty justified to mention that a club is from the former gdr . 
  it 's like a monkey playing piano . 
  it 's a side blow to austria . 
  great title / s, 
  these germans are really horrible people ... 
  can somebody tell me what `` arbeit macht frei '' means , i do n't speak polish ? 
  well , if it helps you , they are still seen as eastern germans in west germany . 
  why is it biased ? 
  i think it is pretty accurate . 
  that 's racist ... =o, 
  til . 
  it 's still called like that in german ( `` die ukraine '' ) . 
   saying/thinking ` the ukraine ' i do n't get it , how do you call it nowadays ? 
  it left it 's traces . 
  at least in the heads of the people , like it or not ... 
  say you wanted to classify greece architecturally or culinary , would you see it as western european or rather southern european ? 
  well , for certain countries it very much depends on the context ; in a political context greece is rather considered as a western country ; culinary & culturally it is the southern european country par excellence ... 
  that 's why i wrote `` former '' ... 
  still belonged to it influence sphere . 
  no , they are obviously we . 
  well , categories like that always oversimplify a bit , that 's the point . 
  i think the perception in western europe has not really changed since the fall of the iron curtain . 
  well , obviously categories like that are not always completely exact . 
  what do you think , what category do you belong to , and why ? 
  like it or not , but the average person from western europe expects something russian-ish ( maybe with a scandinavian touch ) when he hears estonia , especially when he looks up your location on the map . 
  yep , and this is what makes the most sense . 
  except that i would call the mediterranean countries & portugal southern europe . 
  former warsaw pact -  eastern europe nato -  western europe mediterranean region + portugal -  southern europe scandinavia -  northern europe, 
  little pony did n't know what the secret ingredient in hungarian salami is ... lol, 
  what ? 
  i thought austerity countries would hate her guts ... o.o, 
  digitize them , then burn them . 
  nobody knows that old rubbish even exists let alone reads it . 
  what a waste of money and time . 
  for being a great man , dummy . 
   nothing beats beating the germans in a football match . 
  ... because it never happens . 
  no fucking way !, 
  nato is an organisation that has members like turkey or the us . 
  turkey uses its membership to apply pressure on other members . 
  the us leadership is associated with people openly hostile to the eu , they have rather to many rights here than to few . 
  europe should seek to organize its own defense in the medium-term . 
  at least the core eu , i do n't see how cooperation is possible with governments like the current polish one . 
  as a german soldier i would certainly not be eager to risk my life for a nation like the polish one , that uses every opportunity to show their hostile sentiments . 
  make a europe of different speeds . 
  is n't that what your glorious leader kashinsky wished ? 
  if i remember correctly he said ` no german soldier ought to set his foot on polish ground again for at least seven generations . ', 
  and iirc it was in the context of nato-stuff . 
  so your wish is our command ... 
  for years i had this problem with lice .
