  maybe bitchy behaviour is just his thing ... , 
   atat\u00fcrk must be spinning in his grave right now . 
  i always have to cringe when i hear non-turks speak of atat\u00fcrk like that . 
  the guy is obviously a total failure , and his legacy is basically shit . 
  he made some structural changes that lasted , that 's it . 
  he wanted secularism and tried to achieve it with a mixture of authoritarianism and super-nationalism . 
  the fruits we see today . 
  stop treating him like a god-like figure , just because some sort of turks do so , after all he was nothing but a pretty mediocre historical figure . 
  no what you are doing is making up ` facts ' . 
  where is the sovereignty of turkey violated ? 
  the title is a bit misleading , since it could suggest that this is a reaction to the most recent behaviour of the turkish government , which is not the case . 
  tldr : * in the ` past months ' germany refused the export of arms in eleven cases . 
  * between 2010 and 2015 there where eight such cases . 
  * concretely it is about the export of small arms and parts for the production of specific armaments . 
  * three criterias gave the reason : respect to human rights in the destination country , inner state of the destination country , risk for re-export . 
  * the article 's source is a report of the ministry of economics to the parliament , requested by an opposition mp . 
  gib money !, 
  well , then let 's see if they turned off booting from usb ... 
  [ well ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_empire#/media/file:spanish_empire_anachronous_0.png ), 
  $ sudo fdisk / dev/poland, 
  maybe one that just flew into a power line . 
  it 's astounding how differently religion endured communism . 
  was religion not considered opium for the masses in romania ? 
   just like when we starved all those irish people and killed their language !, 
  the irish just did not do it the other way around , because they could not . 
  it 's just how it worked back then . 
  no big deal ... xd, 
  dis mab is oaful . 
   main ally was down ... after 300,000 britains left in a hurry . 
   it 's more of a cultural thing . 
  to prove that , i ask you to name a slavic country that was setting up colonies and was n't russian empire . 
  so the morally superior slavs ... 
  either that , or it is just permanently lacking behind in developement . 
  omg , he has a different opinion than me . 
  let 's totally downvote him ... 
  i could have sworn that this is somewhere in the black forrest or bavaria . 
  you talk as if russia would have a fundamental right over countries that belonged to the soviet sphere . 
  it has shit ... 
  this comment is so great i think you should copypasta it a bit . 
  oh , pardon me , you already do this ... 
  source ? 
  well , good for them that they do n't export to the us , because here in europe we treat our car manufacturers like holy cows . 
  fascist nazi-dictatorships works with the weirdest tricks !, 
  xd but seriously , it must be a nightmare to count those ballots ... o.o, 
   so i ask you this why would erdo\u011fan ... 
  so are you saying that there are videos of erdogan and hookers peeing themselves ? 
  gross ... xd, 
  well , that 's exactly my point : if he claims to be a democrat but is n't , it is n't to far-fetched that he claims whatever else . 
  once a liar ...  the secular democracy that used to be the republic of turkey is long gone now . 
  was it ever one ? 
  i mean , sure it was secular , but not democratic ( before erdogan ) ; then not secular but democratic ( the early erdogan ) ; and since some years neither secular nor democratic . 
  because it 's the internet . 
  * i * could have a channel about video editing , and i do n't have a clue about anything ... 
  does n't he also claim to be a democrat ? 
  so why not ... 
  true that , the glorious leader of our afd , frauke petry , recently tweeted something about this turkey-referendum-ralley-bullshit with a tunesia flag in the background . 
  what is the litteral translation ? 
  how do you say `` have a good evening '' ? 
  is your first name fetullah by any chance ? 
  what ? 
  only if the would old live forever . 
   well then you 'll find great beauty in north america 's vastness . 
  to get eaten by a grizzly ? 
  no thanks , here we have rotten out everything even mildly dangerous . 
  we do n't wear guns because we do n't have to . 
  btw the yellow tower is where friedrich h\u00f6lderlin lived for decades after he went mad . 
   there 's a difference between ` not being a food snob ' and ` having broken tastebuds ' . 
  i 'm not sure about what you are trying to say , but accusing others of ` having broken tastebuds ' for not liking the taste of bloody meat is the very definition of being a food snob . 
  to be honest , this is the first likeable fact of him i can remember . 
  god , i hate food snobs ... 
   isitklal street is a beautiful place for marches . 
  i like the mustaches with goggle eyes . 
  they are written in english as the rest of the map . 
  stop being butthurt ... 
  i think the article shows the exact opposite of what you are saying : her decision was not sentimental but very rational . 
  tldr ; in a telephone conference on 12 . september 2015 , the leading figures of the german government decided to close the border the following day at 18:00 h , when thousands of refugees were on their way from hungary . 
  the police order , to reject everybody on the german-austrian border without legal documents , explicitly even in the case for demand for asylum , was already written . 
  police forces from all over germany were already mobilized therefore , and about to be transported . 
  due to legal uncertainty and the fear of ugly pictures nobody was found to take responsibility for the decision . 
  eventually the decision was made to let in people without documents if they demand for asylum . 
  it would be funnier is it was upvoted to be the best film for the category comedy . 
  well , if that guy says so ... or what if he himself ( and/or you ) makes propaganda ... o.o, 
   they are our version of catholic schools . 
  with little boy fondling etc. 
  let me guess , you also like crack ? 
  it 's the rainforest . 
  also germany . 
   his father was polish . 
  lol , chopin 's father was french , poland was a french puppet state ... just saying ... 
  the tunke looks like shit if you ask me ... 
  yeah , but he was german . 
  undeniable fact . 
  oh / r/europe , i am sure there are more beautiful photos of this region , why you always post this one ? 
  it 's not about moving from the uk , it 's about building the electric version somewhere else . 
  read the article ... ( ... or read at least the headline carefully . ), 
  wow , your parents must be proud of you . 
  this way you do n't have to chew it , it 's just another example of german efficiency ... xd, 
   lets hope the sentence doesnt get repealed by a higher court . 
  i would be really surprised if that did not happen ... 
  look , somebody still has flash installed .
