  i am not sure if this is how it works . 
  the battery discharges on it 's own . 
  plus , to keep it healthy , it needs charging-discharging-cycles ; only 4 times a year could be not enough . 
  for what ? 
  it lasts ** a month ** . 
  it just does not make sense to put in a bigger one . 
  `` still in commission '' ... yeah , as a museum ship in a dry dock with dummy cannons . 
  careful mr. zeman , ten metres off the shore in a rubber dinghy and mare nostrum might pick you up and drop you off in italy . 
  she was of indian decent , therefore her last name . 
  ... you think that almost all good cartoons come from the us , and then you realize ( somehow ) that there are about two dozen european cartoons that you loved very much as a child , but then somehow forgot about . 
   nice euphemism for ~ ~ forced ~ ~ deserved poverty . 
  ftfy, 
  budgetary responsibility . 
  yeah , you can pretty much see the condition of french politics exemplified in how they handled in the euro crisis : publicly playing the advocate of the poor greeks who are supposedly treated so badly by the bad germans , but support every decision made by bad , old sch\u00e4uble . 
  question : does anybody ( non-french ) know the name of any french finance minister in the euro crisis ? 
  how does that come ? 
  yet , everybody knows sch\u00e4uble , the bad german , because he came forward and made politics . 
  how convenient , this way you can always say it was not us it was the them and make some good , old nazi allusions ... 
  the french political caste is nothing but a useless bunch of cowards when it comes to europe . 
  same thing in the refugee crisis , bombing libya , arming syrian rebels , leaving a total mess , and then go into hiding . 
  it 's ridiculous ... 
   yugoslavia was n't soviet dominated , they largely liberated themselves . 
  and that they were able to liberate themselfes had nothing to do with certain powers entering the war ? 
  how went their * classless , stateless society * ? 
   have you even read the wikipedia articles on fascism and communism ? 
   the second part takes it from a pseudo-realist to strictly pro violence level . 
  no , it sees the problem and deals with it . 
   my problem with the prospect of perpetual war and violence is not only ethical , also pragmatical since wars absolutely do n't create rejuvenation and progress , only destruction on a physical but perhaps even more importantly social , cultural and scientific level , channeling all human effort towards killing each other instead of , well , everything else . 
  i think you are just wrong here . 
   also , applying biological theories to the social level in form of social darwinism just creates a non-scientific nihilistic clusterfuck this argument ultimately exposes you as a moralist . 
  ` what i do n't want to be true , ca n't be true . ', 
  it 's the ostrich tactic . 
   but it 's wrong to assume every communist is totalitarian it 's good to treat them as wolfes in sheep 's clothing . 
  they are not necessarly bad people , just wrong ... 
  in my view european pluralism ( social but not socialist ) so far proves to be by far the superiour concept and communists fight to replace it with an ideology that is mostly based on vague moral and that has proven to be harmful , and that 's what i have problem with . 
  fair enough . 
  but your argument is basically ethical , saying that violence should be shunned per se . 
  i think it is just that facism has a different approach towards violence : it takes violence as a given fact and thus affirms it . 
  whatever one may think about this approach , reality shows that there is always violence and always was , so it 's absence is hypothetical , i.e. 
  one could see the facist approach towards it as being honest at least . 
  violence is inherent and necessary in nature , we live in a confined space . 
  the weak die the strong suvive , like it or not . 
  this is what the ethical argument always ignores . 
  my point is that it makes no sense to argue in an ethical fashion against facism . 
  instead you should refuse it as intrinsically degrading because if its very nature : it 's totalitarian . 
  it presumes the existence of unfailable leaders , or at least leaders that are capable to compete with a pluralistic society . 
  pluralistic societies proved to be stronger . 
  now , the problem with communism is that it has exactly the same totalitarian trait , and they can claim to be as peace loving as they want , they ca n't keep up with it . 
  i think in their key trait they absolutely are comparable : they are both totalitarian . 
   fascism as a doctrine is based on hate . 
  this is a platitude . 
   sure . 
  it was n't communism that destroyed my country . 
  infact it was communist partisans who bravely stood up to the regime and sacrificed themselves while liberals stood idly by . 
  it was the communists who took an active role in the war while liberals just waited for the angloamericans to save them . 
  but in the end it were said angloamericans who saved you , otherwise it would have been the russians , and those who were in the position to be ` liberated ' by them , i.e. 
  eastern europe , do n't have such good memories . 
  i think facism and communism share exactly the same bad core : they are both totalitarian ; there is a small ruling elite , who thinks it has found the stone of wisdom , and everything else has to subordinate and the results will always be the same . 
  ( nazism led to the holcaust , sure , but i do n't think it was inherent to facism . ), 
  now for some reason being a communist is socially acceptable , being a facist is not . 
  it 's weird ... btw i 'm not polish but from hesse , germany . 
  would you agree to give somebody any honour who is a communist ? 
  ( genuine question ), 
   tens of millions are these the official numbers from orban 's media ? 
  lol, 
  what a non-sense comparison . 
  the russains have a majority on crimea because they drove everybody else out . 
  there is hardly any country that has such a rich history in driving other people out from their territory . 
  russians seem to know only one way : expansion . 
  maybe it 's time for them to learn the other side . 
  if you want to talk about britain by all means , the better fitting comparison would be ireland . 
  if they have a problem with living on ukrainian territory . 
   what were your thoughts on the scottish referendum ? 
  depends on what ` brexit means brexit ' actually means . 
  i would love the uk to break up , just for the lols . 
  oh , there is ? 
  well , tell me more about it ... 
   but they sure as fuck do n't want to be ukrainian well , too bad for them , then they should get the fuck away from ukrainian territory ... 
  ok , i think i understand . 
  all the countries that became independent from russia when the iron curtain fell rightfully belong to russia because it was not a war but just an administrative act ... 
  k\u00f6nigsberg ` did not wish to become ' ... so what ? 
  things can be done , you know ... , 
  you sob , i wanted to make that joke ... xd, 
  what 's it with romania lately ? 
  beware , if you keep up that pace you will be flooded with immigrants from the poor and less developed parts of europe , like germany , uk , in some decades ... :d, 
  fun fact : the guy at 0:35 , holger apfel , was their leader at that time . 
  he is not any more , because he fondled little boys in the party 's summer camp . 
  he now owns a bar in mallorca , i think . 
  really ? 
  how does a spanish , mediterranean village look different ? 
   now imagine that the population commuting doubles overnight . 
  i 'm sure you can understand that this is going to cause severe trouble sure , but that would be the case everywhere else too . 
  it could be even spinned the other way around : let 's assume the banks decided to relocate to paris , would n't that be much more problematic ? 
  because , as you said yourself , paris already has about 4m commuters . 
   i feel like you 're trying to plead frankfurt 's case with me , while i 'm merely explaining a situation . 
  maybe i have real estate in the area . 
  tr\u00e8s bons immeubles ... * :p ^ ^ no , ^ ^ i ^ ^ do n't . 
   in terms of population density well , it is not as dense as anywhere , is that a bad thing ? 
   in terms of infrastructure where is it lacking in infrastructure ? 
  the largest internet exchange point in the world is located in frankfurt .
