  yesterday i made myself a nice tasty omlet , they are all gone now . 
  nl-egg-masterrace ftw !!, 
  hey poland , rent is due for our eastern territory . 
  til . 
  i thought this is some sort of * palast der republik * or mordor , turns out i 'm just stupid . 
  unfortunately there is no english version , i just realized . 
  [ german ] ( http://www.arte.tv/de/videos/046598-000-a/sand-die-neue-umweltzeitbombe ) [ french ] ( http://www.arte.tv/fr/videos/046598-000-a/le-sable-enquete-sur-une-disparition ), 
  ( it 's still on their website , if anybody is interested . ), 
  looks like the communist party really got their priorities straight . 
  hopefully they had it all warm and cozy there , so they could use all their forces in the best interest of the proletariat . 
  maybe i should n't have watched this documentary about coastal erosion yesterday ... makes me all uneasy ... 
  so many buddhist symbols , this must a really calm and even-tempered people ... 
  it 's amazing how different you are in so many things compared to the rest of the former eastern bloc . 
  what color does your track suit have ? 
  do you still squat ? 
  not really , no . 
  i live a pretty good life here . 
  so , why would i ? 
  they have their own english ? 
  which is strange considering how often you guys roll the dice ... 
  i meant odd-numbered . 
  if it was 75th or 80th i would n't say anything , but we get these kind of threads on every occasion , declaration of war , warsaw uprising , liberation of o\u015bwi\u0119cim ( hihihi ) , etc. 
  beautiful german architecture . 
  xd no , seriously . 
  i 've been there , my grand-mother was from that area ( flei\u00dfen ) . 
  every time when there was real snow here in rhein-main ( which rarely happens ) she said : `` huh , like in flei\u00dfen . 
  '' , that was her phrase . 
  please , please do n't forget to also make a thread for when it ended , i just ca n't get enough of these odd anniversaries ... 
  whats the typical romanian thing here , that i fail to see ? 
  did he pick his pocket ?!, 
  pictures like this are weird , because russia has this image to be the country of ice and snow ... xd, 
  soros paid it , did n't he ? 
  i thought they had him ? 
  what a giant-penis we have ... wooooah !, 
  xd the same comment would be on the top if this was about the alsace-lothringen . 
  looks like the frenchies are eithers less numerous or just less butthurt than the poles ... 
  was n't that always in belgium ? 
  ... with sauce !, 
  huh ? 
  looking at polands military record , good luck enforcing this mr. kashinsky ... xd, 
  yep , that 's exactly why i was asking . 
  burg is some fortress-thing , schloss is a luxurious residence , and palace rarely used at all . 
  so you are saying you do n't sell the same stuff as at home ? 
  if i was from eastern europe , i would be outraged now . 
  you 're scottish ? 
  this is funny , because vegetables from nl are `` famous '' in germany for their `` taste '' , at least the tomatoes . 
  croatia , bulgaria ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  what about auschwitz ? 
  when we call for jihad on you i guess you will stop laughing . 
  poland looks czechier than i remember . 
   the french i knew it !, 
  german ~ ~ state television ~ ~ public broadcast fixed it itself a long time ago . 
  but certain poles try to make the most of their past , it 's nothing but a marketing gag ... 
  except that the russians ( and the yanks ) took their missiles from us . 
  the irony ... 
  lol when i saw your flair i first thought we ( hesse ) arrived at being an islamist state . 
  have n't ironed my burka yet ... o.o, 
  ironic that this comes from a pole ... xd, 
  they should just ignore him and his veto . 
  and then they should pass a law that allows them to appoint another president ... xd, 
   half of europe sure ... 
  `` their '', 
  that 's why i am asking . 
  is he selling drugs to those kids ? 
  yeah , the root of the problem is some hypothetical number merkel refuses to set . 
  / s ( not certain countries bombing irak and lybia ... ) `` it affects us all ... '' lol, 
  lol , this is just about an arbitrary number . 
  we ca n't even deport those who are denied asylum right now , what do you think would happen if we had some magic limit ? 
  this whole discussion is useless ... 
   equalising wages would be a stupid idea . 
  exactly !, 
  this demand just shows what decades of communist indoctrination causes to a brain ... 
  which one ? 
  wtf ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  is that legit ? 
  haha , we have the longest , god loves us most ... obviously ... 
  good thing you guys do n't have to work ... xd i 'm outta ^ ( here ... ), 
  why do n't you go fighting in eastern ukraine if you are such a hero ... 
  to be exact : dutch `` mountain '' - bikers . 
  in the picture is one of the highest mountains in all of the netherlands . 
  yeah , the `` light '' mediterranean cuisine ... xd, 
  lol that 's how the title reads ... :d, 
   you will be more relaxed !!!, 
  i think it would be more convincing if you used more exclamation marks . 
  and all-caps , always use all-caps !, 
  it 's so full , did they get their paychecks that day ? 
  well , well , the [ czech navi ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vybxvyb.jpg ) has a new boat type . 
  more like mods of / r/germany are a perfect example on how to not moderate . 
   the release said the experience was greatly enjoyed by the girls , who were required to wear hard hats and enclosed shoes at all times . 
  they seem to take security really seriously ... xd, 
   we 'd been an independent republic yeah , one of many `` german-ish '' states . 
   epheurism what does that even mean ... 
  what ??!, 
  england games are among the most hilarious stuff you can see in football . 
  ( at least in knock out stage . ), 
  i giggle to this day when i think of england-iceland ... xd, 
  well , 433  416 . 
  so we would win this penis comparison .
