  perhaps . 
  serbia/bosnia ? 
  nope . 
  like i said , your terrorist is someone else 's freedom fighter . 
  we 've already got a street ( among a bunch of other things ) named after him , might as well get a statue while we 're at it ... 
   the fact remains that many south slavs wanted a unified state at the time . 
  your hate for serbs and calling it `` chetnik propaganda '' wont change that he 's a well-known serbophob , do n't bite onto his trolling . 
  there 's one also in sarajevo . 
  anyway , nothing to see here . 
  one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . 
  he was evaluated by the mod team , and almost everyone voted for him . 
  they were aware of the controversy and we discussed his faults . 
  the explanation is `` democracy '' . 
  many of the arguments against him , like his name , are complete hogwash , though . 
  sarajevo has a statue of gavrilo princip , and belgrade is erecting one now . 
  one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . 
  like i mentioned in / r/croatia [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/croatia/comments/389ory/reddit_cenzuriran_namje%c5%a1ten/cru32e5 ) , i do n't particularly like the guy , but i also have nothing against him . 
  i 'm only judging him based on his content in / r/europe , and his ability to mod . 
  in any case , he is n't a mod anymore because he 's too controversial -- not because he ca n't mod . 
  perhaps we can all move on with our lives now . 
  yhbt, 
  it 's likely that they 're his , sure . 
  but so what ? 
   fair enough . 
  i would not work with liars who misrepresent their nationalities for trolling purposes but then again , i am not you . 
  i 've mentioned this before in this thread , but this is pretty black and white . 
  people that are caught abusing their powers are removed . 
  so all is well , not to worry . 
   so you think that someone likely without familial , geographic , work and native language ties to another ethnicity can represent himself as that ethnicity while known for trolling in the name of that ethnicity on other subreddits and not considered suspect for trolling here ? 
  hypothetically , if such a user had an excellent track record here , then yes . 
  many users have subreddits they treat as discussions , and others as their playgrounds . 
  unless those other subreddits are * racist * subreddits , then all is well . 
   a self declared `` serbian nationalist '' who does n't know how to speak serbian ? 
  but learned how to speak extensive romanian ? 
  what world are you living in ? 
  i do n't know , i 've heard of crazier things . 
  have you checked out his romanian ama ? 
  it seemed pretty well-reasoned ... 
  in fact , i do n't think he 's ever claimed that he was a serb who knew serbian -- that was everyone else . 
  btw , i have multiple reddit accounts too . 
  just because they 're alternates , does n't mean that they 're `` sockpuppets '' . 
  i 'm not going to message the admins because i do n't care . 
  his alternates , if they 're his , did no one any harm , and are n't proof of anything . 
  all i care about is his great record on / r/europe , and his well-reasoned responses to others here . 
  if his alternates posted child porn , or something equally terrible , i might look into it then . 
  i do n't care if he knows serbian or not . 
  there is much more to identity than language . 
  if you 're asking me personally , then my honest answer is that i do n't know . 
  i 'd have to speak with him to find out . 
  apparently he has posts with `` bad serbian '' but i 'd need to see * how * bad to make a judgement . 
  not that it matters . 
  he 's never pretended to be another nationality . 
  he had a pretty decent ama in romanian that explained his situation quite well . 
  i do n't think he 's hiding anything . 
   ( another candid question if i may : were the vote for him unanimous , close or anything inbetween ? ), 
  practically unanimous . 
  ca n't say any more than that . 
   you can easily disprove these allegations just by proving your mastery of the serbian language , you know that ? 
  if you are really a serbian , this is a trivial task . 
  oh , please . 
  there 's more to an identity than language . 
   putting someone who likes trolling in charge of a political subreddit is a very bad decision . 
  especially when their preferred topics for creating online chaos about are among those discussed here day-to-day . 
  if he abuses his powers , he 's gone . 
  it 's pretty black and white . 
  with that said , again , his posting history on / r/europe is fantastic . 
  i do n't care if he trolls on other subreddits as he has the potential to be a great mod here . 
   it 's a bit meta , but your political opinion might be clouding your modding capabilities here by turning a blind eye to the troll and embracing the person with similar political ideals and turning them into a mod . 
  thankfully the mod team voted as a whole to minimize everyone 's biases . 
  automoderator is a cetnik ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  he trolled a few users a bit too much back in the day , and now those same users spend all their free time following his posts , and complaining about him . 
  but do n't take my word for the guy . 
  look at his profile , and his posting history to see yourself that he was an excellent candidate . 
  the mod team voted as a whole knowing his background . 
  his controversy is stupid , and unfounded . 
  just because his political views differ from everyone else 's , does n't mean he 's going to be a bad mod . 
  i also consider gavrilo princip to be a hero , and yet i 'm able to mod objectively . 
  i think he 'll be able to as well . 
  he 's incredibly intelligent , speaks multiple languages , and his posting history is excellent -- one of the best posters on / r/europe . 
  he loves trolling on the internet from time to time , sure , but given his extremely high quality posts , i doubt that 'll be a problem on / r/europe . 
  the mod team voted as a whole . 
  this is basically it . 
  it 's two or three users that keep perpetuating bullshit against this one user . 
  it 's getting quite old , and beginning to be borderline harassment . 
  it 's possible to have a set of political views and moderate objectively . 
  i also share / u/slyratchet 's views . 
  / u/crnaruka is a top notch poster . 
  the conspiracy theories against him are hilarious . 
  actually , these days even less than a german or a swede given recent events . 
  in serbian , we do n't have a word for it , and instead refer to the entire country as \u0425\u043e\u043b\u0430\u043d\u0434\u0438\u0458\u0430 ( holandija ) . 
  thanks , russia !, 
  she 'd cry no matter what you did . 
  russia was still booed to the point that the hosts had to step in . 
  ridiculous . 
  i think we 're good , thanks . 
  i removed it because of the number of reports it got , and when i compared the titles , yeah , it seemed very editorialized . 
  however , i 'm willing to admit that i 'm wrong , and i was wrong here . 
  approved again . 
  removed .
