  it 's done in serbian dinars . 
  any time a statue is erected that flies in the face of another group of people , this discussion is brought up . 
  you 're right , he 's certainly dubious in areas outside of serbia . 
  however , like i said this is n't entirely true as an identical statue is also being raised in sarajevo . 
  in general , the group of people in mlada bosna ( made up of bosnians , croats , and serbs ) and the things they stood for , are regarded very highly . 
  nobody condones killing , and i 'd really feel conflicted about a statue going up that somehow celebrates an anti-serbian sentiment , so i understand any potential hard feelings . 
  not you specifically , but someone who might take offense . 
  for those people , it 's important to understand that princip stands as a figure of freedom , not something anti-austrian , and that serbia does n't need to placate the rest of europe for what happens within its borders . 
   however , i do believe that there is a sizable group of serbians that fits / u/piwikiwi 's account . 
  i recently read that there are plans to erect a new monument to princip in belgrade , something that is not exactly helping , i feel  depending on what side you 're on , someone can be a terrorist or a hero . 
  there 's also a street named after him here . 
  it 's important to take the statue in context , and how serbia back then traded one set of shackles for another . 
  having this statue in austria ? 
  a bad idea . 
  in serbia ? 
  a pretty good idea . 
  in fact , an identical one is also being built in sarajevo , if i can recall correctly . 
   the problem is of course that the hiapponess of a quite large part of your fellow countrymen 's population seem to come from imperialism . 
  what a ridiculous thing to say . 
  ask the average serb and he 'll tell you that he 's happy when he can afford bread for his family , or when the team he 's rooting for does well , stuff like that . 
  not some idealistic and imperialistic urge to grab land . 
  that we 're somehow inherently bad to the bone . 
  you 'll be hard pressed to find a more friendly , and hospitable people anywhere on the planet . 
  visit anybody 's home , and you 'll be treated like a king . 
  all in all , we 're just like everybody else in europe . 
  we have our aspirations , loved ones to take care of , enjoy a good story , and try to be happy . 
  removed , because of that . 
   i agree there is no point in continuing . 
  i do not debate people who think they can change the rules in their favor . 
  what debate ? 
  what rules ? 
  i simply think anti-immigration means against * all * immigration . 
  we basically see eye to eye with what the ukip is doing , but interpret the results differently . 
  not every comment thread is a debate . 
  sometimes , comments are just that . 
  comments . 
  i just said that our definitions were different , so there is no point in continuing . 
  there was no need for this . 
  in any case , it 's very debatable whether stricter immigration is a bad thing . 
   you base this on what you 've read and heard . 
  those are n't solid arguments . 
  they 're [ directly from the party 's website ] ( http://www.ukip.org/issues ) . 
  if they 're not solid arguments , then the ukip is lying . 
  of course i 'm going to base my argument based on what i 've read of their literature . 
   i 'd say he is strictly anti-immigration . 
  he sure as hell does n't pay attention to who 's immigrating by the look of his posters . 
  what * opinion * you have , is n't an argument . 
  his posters are over the top , and very clearly targetted at a specific group of people . 
  this is neither here nor there , though . 
   i do see america as anti-immigration as well . 
  i 've heard a lot of americans complain about mexican immigrants . 
  it 's a bit of a american stereotype . 
  yeah , a green card is hard to obtain , but in any case , therein lies the rub . 
  we have different definitions of anti-immigration . 
  carry on . 
  i 've posted a response [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23p84s/ukip_leader_nigel_farage_defends_employing_german/cgz9umw ) . 
  his party 's posters may be over the top , but his party is not against immigration . 
  so there is exactly zero irony in him hiring his wife . 
  she is the best person he can possibly get along with , and the only person that can privately provide him the level of moral and emotional support that he needs for high-strung politics . 
   no , it does not . 
  his entire campaign focuses on stopping non-british people from getting jobs in the uk . 
  that 's a bit of a sweeping realization because it assumes that farage is completely anti-immigration . 
  from what i 've read , and heard ( especially his speeches on youtube ) , he 's anything but . 
  he just wants to impose stricter controls instead of having everything open . 
  whether or not this is a bad thing is up to debate -- for example , there 's lot 's of literature about america imposing limits on who can enter and who ca n't , but hardly anyone would say america is against giving `` outsiders '' jobs . 
  so , while his party 's posters are over the top , let 's not pretend farage 's party is completely anti-immigration , because it 's not . 
   well she 's white , so obviously it 's different , duh . 
  way to misrepresent his entire argument . 
  if something is * yours * the way mr. farage 's job is , you , rather he , can hire anyone he wants to help him . 
  what 's wrong with hiring family ? 
  what 's wrong with * hiring his fucking wife * ? 
  absolutely nothing , that 's what . 
  as a neutral observer , the recent attempts of character assassinations against the ukip are very telling of how just successful they 're going to be . 
  do n't really see how the first two are xenophobic . 
  the third one * maybe * if you want to stretch it ( and it 's quite a stretch ) . 
  in any case , the people creating a ruckus about this are playing right into ukip 's strategy . 
  the more people that share the posters and spread ukip 's message , the better for ukip . 
  i ca n't wait to see how they fare come may 22nd . 
  the edit flair link on the sidebar of the / r/europe subreddit , good sir or lady !, 
  let me know if you still ca n't find it . 
  now you do , hu-mon . 
  nothing but a weak red herring for the west . 
  you 're quoting the wrong person . 
  i 'm agreeing with you . 
  nobody 's saying olive oil is for deep frying food . 
  * nobody * does that . 
  however , you absolutely can cook with olive oil for virtually everything else . 
  lovely precedent , that . 
  at this point i 'm hoping i see the catalan independence movement come to fruition and many more in the coming years . 
  yup !, 
  the very same service also goes to rs and other countries in europe . 
  i would say that 90 % of the fleet is quite comfortable , with that last 10 % being rickety and old . 
  not that matters since they 're slowly getting replaced and only tend to get used for short distances between cities . 
   is it an attempt to change civilizatinal belonging ? 
  i mean looking back serbia was for quite a while in the hands of the ottomans . 
  ... are you for real ? 
  where are you getting your ideas from ? 
  if you really want to know , his comment is stupid . 
  he 's your typical armchair internet historian that does n't know anything . 
  i think the [ balut ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balut_%28egg%29 ) would give both the h\u00e1karl and the surstr\u00f6mming a run for their money .
