  so , i 've left these comments alone and decided to let the community decide their merit instead . 
  and if the downvotes are saying anything , they 've already decided . 
   you can not consider this man a hero . 
  you are of sound mind , and of seemingly above average intelligence . 
  did i say i did ? 
  that 's you putting words in my mouth . 
   oric , is alleged to have failed to prevent the deaths of bosnian serbs in captivity . 
  pretty bad yes . 
  certainly in a developed society . 
  this proves my point about the war . 
  is that really the only thing you know about oric ? 
  his list of crimes is longer than simply the mistreatment of pows . 
  if you like documentaries , i highly recommend [ izdani grad ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruuhsgnlvv8 ) , an * independent * docmentary by a norwegian film maker . 
  it 's great and maybe you 'll learn something new . 
  i do n't say that in a condescending manner , and apologize if it comes off as such , because i turly wish more people knew about the war instead of expousing the old `` omg look at srebrenica '' like so :  please . 
  read this . 
  read it as if you were not brought up with biases . 
  pretend to be chilean . 
  srebrenica , while terrible ( and let me emphasize that before you go making more accusations -- it was * terrible * ) , was not the defining moment of the war . 
   the serbian military harboured ratko_mladi\u0107 , and it seems that the serbian people did on the whole not find this abhorrent . 
  a man who should have been sent to the hague in chains . 
  not to mention all the denials we still see today . 
  this is because he 's considered a hero . 
  maybe i can try to explain why . 
  he said this in 1991 :  `` this , what you are doing , is not good . 
  this is the path that you want to take bosnia and herzegovina on , the same highway of hell and death that slovenia and croatia went on . 
  do n't think that you wo n't take bosnia and herzegovina into hell , and the muslim people maybe into extinction . 
  because the muslim people can not defend themselves if there is war here . '', 
  sounds pretty brutal , right ? 
  it is until you realize that for yugoslavia 's successor state ( serbia ) , all peaceful solutions were shot down by bosnia . 
  when a country is trying to keep its sovereign identity , and all avenues of peaceful solutions have been exhausted ... what do you do ? 
  what would a country do today ? 
  just try to picture this in your head . 
  this was the situation bosnian serbs found themselves in . 
  they did n't want to be a part of a new country , they wanted to stay . 
  so , let me ask you , what would you do ? 
  well , what they decided to do was use force , and its thanks to mladi\u0107 and the dayton accord that republika srpska exists in bosnia today . 
  i do n't condone killing of any kind , but i do condone the original goal . 
  i also find it funny , and sad that mladic is considered a war criminal but when you ask about oric , most people say , `` who ? '', 
  this situation has never been , and never will be , black and white . 
   serb forces simply could not be trusted , what with their condoning of massacres and such . 
  do you have a source ? 
  no one has ever `` condoned '' a massacre . 
   however it was a case of arming them or letting other forces have their bloody way . 
  no , those were n't the only options . 
  if they were , what the hell was the point of kfor and all the other operations ? 
  arming a * terrorist organization * should never be an option . 
  your downvotes are really telling . 
  do n't most people know that the kla was a verified terrorist organization that was being supplied here ? 
  it 's a shame how little / r/europe knows about the balkans ... 
  of course most albanians would consider a serb `` unwanted '' , yet i do n't see why this film should n't be made . 
  we have been talking about the organ harvesting of serbs in kosovo for * years * now , and it 's all fallen on deaf ears ... until recently . 
  people only began taking this seriously once an independent organization found thaci linked to kla organ harvesting . 
  make a film . 
  let even more of the world know . 
  knowledge is never a bad thing . 
  great idea !, 
  before we implement it , though , we have to let their prime minister and other high-ranking officials know so they can move their money somewhere safe . 
   but he is from croatia , and his family were serbs from croatia , they were not immigrants , they were living there , for centuries most likely . 
  actually , they came from west serbia . 
  excellent points . 
  especially :  you ca n't really define these things for people you have to go with how they feel . 
  and if we look at tesla 's life and the things he 's said , we get the impression that he has always considered himself serbian and proud to be so . 
  even at a young age , having started a serbian culture club in school . 
  there really is no debate . 
  that infographic is factually incorrect . 
  i apologize for misunderstanding your point on heritage . 
  yes , tesla is now part of american history and heritage . 
   ... that does n't change the fact that it was mostly populated by croats and was culturally croatian no one said it did , so i 'm not sure what your point is here . 
  i do n't have any problem saying where he was born . 
  however , as a side note , the territory he was born in was exempt from the kingdom of croatia at the time , so he technically was n't born in croatia , but rather the austro-hungarian empire . 
  perhaps we should be disputing his austo-hungarian-ness . 
   he * was * born in modern-day croatia , though . 
  and i 'm glad that this consensus has been reached pretty much everywhere . 
  ridiculous . 
  however , if you want to play that game , we can . 
  what you 're talking about is modern-day croatia , but back then he was born in what was essentially a serb-majority military zone under austrian rule . 
  technically , this also makes him an austrian , right ? 
  the community around him was even serbian !, 
  he is no more croatian than he is austrian . 
  as for american heritage ... 
  both of his parents are serbian , so there is exactly * zero * american in his blood . 
  living somewhere has nothing to do with heritage . 
  i 've lived the majority of my life in canada . 
  does that mean my background and heritage are canadian ? 
  no , of course it does n't . 
  living somewhere does n't change where you came from and who you are . 
  i could decide to live the rest of my life out in japan , and i would still be serbian . 
  he was a product of serbian parents , not croatian , american or austrian . 
  he was raised by them , and loved by them . 
  like that quote ** from him ** says , his accomplishments belong to humanity , but he is a proud serb . 
  it 's still a little strange , considering he is on our money , our airport is named after him , etc. 
  he was also quoted as saying :  there is something within me that might be illusion as it is often case with young delighted people , but if i would be fortunate to achieve some of my ideals , it would be on the behalf of the whole of humanity . 
  ** if those hopes would become fulfilled , the most exciting thought would be that it is a deed of a serb . 
  ** -- address at the belgrade train station ( 1 june 1892 ) i personally find listing him as croatian to be hilarious , and a little sad as it goes directly against his very words . 
  that infographic is * factually wrong * as this debate was settled by none other than the man himself . 
  i do n't know why some people keep insisting the opposite . 
  if i was born over the atlantic , does that make the fish my kin ? 
  your place of birth matters very little when it comes to your identity . 
  while i do n't agree with your opinion , you should try to be a little more respectful of your fellow users .
