  i added it , but you could also have just selected `` other '' and typed it in yourself . 
  fixed !, 
  also , how does everyone feel about doing small polls of maybe 3-4 questions about a `` hot '' topic every month ? 
  a good example would be the current prism issue or recent immigration issues . 
  it would be something simple like : 1 ) your country . 
  2 ) your stance on whatever . 
  3 ) some other question . 
  at the end of every month we have another small poll about a new topic ( no shortage of those ) , and release an infographic of the last one . 
  i think it 'd be a good way to see what countries stand where , and where we as a community stand on things in the news . 
  just an idea , so i 'm open to suggestions . 
  agreed . 
  it 's also partly thaci 's fault :  `` the reasons for my resignation are the disagreements and the criticism by pm hashim thaci towards me , '' peci wrote . 
  if you 're using gmail , a quick-fix option is encrypting all of your email and accessing it in a client like thunderbird to be able to decrypt and read it . 
  the downside is that you ca n't read gmail on the web ( unless there is a firefox/chromium extension that decrypts gpg on the fly ) , and that you can only read your mail from computers which have your private key present on them . 
  the upside is that gmail ca n't semantically analyze your mail to give you relevant ads , and just ca n't read your email at all , plain and simple . 
  however , it will still be able to read messages sent to you , so like op suggests , convincing your contacts to encrypt mail is ideal ... but difficult . 
  instant messaging is even more difficult , but there is a silver lining on the horizon !, 
  things are shifting to a more p2p style of service with things like webrtc , so give it another 6 months to a year , and you 'll have encrypted p2p messaging ( voice and video too ) . 
  i tested the one in firefox about a week ago , and while it was stable , it 's still kinda buggy , so the 6 month figure i pulled from my ass . 
  it 'll be done soon ^ tm . 
  looks like they mostly used their feet . 
  for a moment , i thought [ glukhovsky was onto something ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metro_2033_%28novel%29 ) . 
  try not to feel offended . 
  believe it or not , my intentions are good and i actually want to help you . 
  your links were reported and i approved them . 
  i 'm on your side . 
  in any case , it 's still a 3-parter because it 's about the same subject , and surely you can see why someone would think you were spamming ? 
  also , your post would have done better with one link , instead of spreading your upvotes/downvotes across 3 . 
  this is n't surprising as it happened in tuzla . 
  i 've approved your links , but in the future know that it 's very poor etiquette to submit 3 different links for a 3 part video . 
  usually you want to put links to the remainder videos in a comment in the first link . 
  oh god , i know people like this . 
  that blog as a whole is pretty interesting . 
  i ca n't help you out directly , and if someone does n't come along here to do so , you can always try / r/germany , or a dozen other german-related subreddits ( most of them linked in / r/germany , / r/de , etc. ) . 
  the city-specific / r/munich also seems to be active . 
  good luck !, 
  how exactly does this solve the `` lost generation '' 's income woes ? 
  the only thing it does is make them more employable , and there are plenty of people who are employable and some with even advanced degrees that ca n't find * any * job , let alone one related to their field . 
  as a torontonian , i think i see what you mean now . 
  it may have to do with being such a large city , having the gta be an integral part of the city itself , and being one of the most ( if not , the most ) multicultural cities in the world . 
  because of this , i think people in toronto try to be friendly as much as possible -- no other sure-fire way to get along with so many different people ( but at the same time , out of necessity also very reserved -- earning the reputation for `` coldest '' people in canada ) . 
   six billion euros has been earmarked by the european commission to target youth unemployment . 
  there is - under development - a youth guarantee scheme , where after four to six months without work there will be the promise of training or an internship . 
  i wonder how they 're going to pull something like this off . 
  training , i can believe , but guaranteeing an internship , not so much . 
  i 'd be very interested in the process that companies would have to undergo to make something like this available . 
  it just does n't seem viable to me . 
  most places will actually fill it to the brim . 
  and not sure what you mean by disingenuous canadians . 
  where in canada did you visit ? 
  while yes , current immigration policies should be questioned , this riot is really more of a class issue than it is a multicultural one . 
  yup , canadians also have randy . 
  he 's been the # 1 men 's tennis player in the world for a while now . 
   from experience , what i have learnt is that multiculturalism can not work in a society how do you explain the city of toronto ? 
  the uploader is irrelevant . 
  i 've watched videos on youtube uploaded by teenage girls , internet badasses , racists , bigots , lunatics and a whole host of other characters . 
  the video * itself * is by the nrk , and its intentions are genuine and not racist . 
  just a friendly reminder since a similar thread was posted yesterday , and had to be removed after things went way out of control : there is a zero-tolerance policy on racism . 
  by all means , immigration is a topic that * should * be discussed . 
  however , it can also be discussed in a civil manner and with some tact . 
  oh , do n't mind him . 
  many people , such as myself , prefer qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois french . 
  in a league of our own , baby . 
  more like , why not ? 
  [ finnish trolls , you say ? 
  ] ( http://www.finntroll.net/ ), 
  this was n't done to get votes . 
  serbia always sings in serbian . 
  i wish a little more countries in europe did the same for their own language . 
   so make sure to play up to those cultural similarities and history . 
  serbia did n't play up to cultural similarities or history with their entry in 2007 . 
  the song was about love . 
  for those that are curious , you can find the entry here and be the judge yourselves : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=706qhd-ke48 i 'd say she won because she was * extremely * passionate and the song was very melodic . 
  you 're right , my bad . 
  i was responding to the comment above and ended up using op 's language . 
  ukip to my knowledge are n't anti-immigration , but rather a much , much stricter immigration policy . 
  as for this new anti-eu party in germany , i do n't see why we should assume something is immediately shady with them . 
  an anti-eu sentiment has been rising everywhere in europe . 
  correct , mr. 
  caps . 
  i would have also accepted uvac river . 
  the real tragedy is this :  croatians point out that prosek and prosecco are different products , one sweet , the other bubbly . 
  and the croatian brand has a tradition dating back centuries , whereas prosecco is a product of the latter half of the 20th century . 
  where is the logic here ? 
  croatia should be allowed to keep its wine names . 
  for god 's sake , they were first !, 
  the fact that they would n't even be able to sell it in their own country under the traditional name feels very wrong , and bothers me a lot . 
  if this is the eu , i hope serbia never joins it . 
  very warm . 
  skip a few more countries . 
  and yes , your extremely cheap gps that dishes out directions in only `` hot '' or `` cold '' is telling you that you 're getting `` warmer '' . 
  travel west more . 
  a lot more . 
  have fun !, 
  http://i.imgur.com/i07ivtw.jpg bonus points if you know the name . 
  strange , i also got denmark . 
  it seems to be the catch-all nationality . 
  yes , that 's correct in the article 's flow . 
  it 's implied that up until now we have n't had anything concrete . 
  i , too , originally selected every single option for that question , only to have the survey tell me i had to pick one .
