  however , as i said in my other comment , it is n't just the protesters that will be under attack . 
  if i have to worry about the violence 's fallout affecting me while i 'm getting my groceries during the parade , then the freedoms of the few really do trample on the freedoms of the many . 
  look , it 's an unfortunate state of affairs , and while the government looks bad for banning the parade , there is at least some logic to it . 
  i understand and even agree with you . 
  and it 's not okay , it really is n't . 
  but the point still stands that in this society of `` enablers '' , the majority wo n't do anything to disrupt the parade . 
  the majority of serbs do not like homosexuals , this is true . 
  but it 's also true that the majority are peaceful and wo n't do anything to stop the parade -- that 's the realm of skinheads . 
  montenegro , obviously !, 
  i only mentioned belgrade because that 's where the parade is , but point taken . 
  i travel often from uzice to belgrade so i do understand . 
  i 'm not disputing its independence , i 'm merely disputing * when * it happened . 
  as for your comment about being passionate ... do i really need to know albanian ? 
  i love my car and am passionate about driving it , but i do n't know a thing about its engine . 
  i love most of the world 's cultures and am passionate about various cuisines , but i ca n't speak their respective languages worth a damn . 
  see my point ? 
  and i know the other side very well , as do most serbs . 
  almost everyone agrees milosevic was a fool . 
  at the same time , it 's not like we collectively got up and decided to kill people for the hell of it ( remember the protests ? ) . 
  organ harvesting of serbs is very real and finally came to light very recently with solid evidence of mr. thaci 's involvement . 
  not to mention the kla , which you neatly refused to even comment upon . 
  i realize that to albanians we must seem like a people who were hell-bent on destroying them -- sure , and i 'm sorry for the way things turned out . 
  i truly am . 
  i hate no one , and bear no ill will toward anyone . 
  but to ignore * our * side of the story is as equally ignorant . 
   oh no , whatever will the world do now ... zzz oh , give me a break . 
  you made a comment about serbia caring about the eu , and i told you that it did n't really matter . 
  good comic , though . 
   a lot of people are n't , that 's why we left that hellhole of a country . 
  kosovo is just a story your elite uses to manipulate the masses while they fill their pockets . 
  it 's not even such a good story , you need to be especially blinded to not see it ( another relevant cartoon ) . 
  i do n't get it . 
  so , the elite wants to get into the eu , and the only thing preventing them is kosovo , but at the same time they 're also manipulating the masses with this kosovo `` story '' purposely locking themselves out of the eu . 
  this is absurd . 
  nothing more to say on the matter , but if you have more comics , keep em coming . 
  i rather enjoy them . 
   yeah , i watched documentaries about gay people from sebia . 
  i think the government did the right thing , serbians are not yet mentally prepared to accept people people with different orientation . 
  holy moly . 
  do you generalize all nations and peoples like this ? 
  like i 've said earlier in the thread , practically everyone in belgrade does n't give a damn about the parade . 
  it 's the few skinheads that would ruin it for everyone else . 
  most of us are just doing fine mentally , thanks . 
  look , i get what you 're saying . 
  i 'm all for protecting human freedoms and whatnot . 
  but , here is a relevant comment from this thread that explains the parade two years ago :  well , two years ago they brought policemen from all over the country , and center of belgrade was a war zone , just so that they could walk 200 metters completely surounded by police ( they couldnt even return home by walk , but had to be taken with police cars ) and the rest of city population had to spend sunday indoors because outside was chaos . 
  no point to have the parade really , we are not ready . 
  as ugly as it is , at some point the freedoms of the few should not trample the freedoms of the many . 
  i should n't have to fear for my safety if i 'm going to get groceries during the parade . 
  i do n't like it any more than you do , but forcing a parade is not what we need right now . 
   all that followed afterwards was a silly game of paperwork , bureocracy and shit no one in the world cared about . 
  if no one cared , why would they continue to pursue it ? 
  i guess we should throw 2010 's decision out of the window since 1999 is the one that 's officially recognized , right ? 
  of course not . 
  independence was formally declared in 2008 , not in 1999 . 
  a lot of separatist `` states '' declare their independence the way kosovo did in 1999 , but there is a reason no one cares about that , and a reason why everyone cared about 2008 . 
   btw . 
  serbs are not a homogenous entity , just because you 're passionate about kosovo ( the territory , not its people ) where do you get off saying something stupid like that ? 
  i 'm passionate about the land , and its people -- more specifically , the serbs who have to endure all the shit that happens to them . 
  i bear no ill towards anyone , and do n't put the land above the people , which is why i 'm for splitting the north off , instead of retaining the entire land like a lot of serbs want . 
  also , the international community be damned . 
  there is now , more than ever , a growing sentiment that is anti-eu in serbia . 
  if we cared so much about international opinion , we would have let go of kosovo a long time ago . 
  if recognizing kosovo 's independence is a precursor to join the eu , serbia will never join the eu . 
  and i , and a lot of other people are just fine with that . 
   split was basically in a state of siege in this year 's parade . 
  i think 2 cops for each marcher . 
  plus a boat , maybe also helicopter ? 
  i forgot by now , but there was some heavy equipment like that . 
  wow . 
  that 's pretty incredible actually , and sounds very expensive . 
  i would disagree with you that it 's a necessary cost , however . 
  personally , i would be opposed to having the taxes i pay be put into the protection of a parade flaunting normalcy ( if it 's so normal to be gay , why even bother with a parade ? 
  -- but that 's another issue all together ) . 
  better that it just not happen , instead of using the money to protect it . 
  especially since we 're kind of hurting economically at the moment . 
  i support it too , and we are anti-gay , that 's right . 
  ~ ~ but i do n't feel that 's important at all because we just do n't care in the end . ~ ~ edit : i need to rephrase that . 
  i was trying to imply that even though we do n't have a high opinion of gay people , most of us are peaceful and do n't care for the parade one way or the other . 
  milosevic has been dead for almost a decade when kosovo decided to split . 
  that 's not a valid reason anymore . 
  plus , the area has been host to small civil wars for the last few decades , so serbian and albanian casualties are common . 
   the kosovo serbs are not being murdered by the kosovo government , so they do n't get to separate . 
  this is wrong . 
  mr. thaci , the current leader in kosovo , was in league with the kla and harvested the organs of many serbs in the last few decades in kosovo . 
  and let 's not forget the general kla violence against serbs . 
  for god 's sake , they 're classified as a terrorist group , even by the cia . 
  this sounds bad if all you read into is the title , but like most cities around the world , the people of belgrade * really * do n't care about pride parades . 
  we 're completely apathetic towards them . 
  however , the threat of violence from skinheads who consider pride parades holidays to go beat some people up , and who will gladly travel across the country to do so , is very real . 
  now , i do n't know if the best way to deal with this is to not have the parade at all , but it 's certainly one way . 
  another way is to increase the security , but that takes more resources and wo n't necessarily stop the determined skinheads . 
  in fact , this could incite more deadly violence since security is generally armed . 
  it 's a pretty complicated issue , but i certainly do hope that / r/europe does n't think we 're anti-gay or anything . 
  it 's really a few bad apples that ruin it for the rest . 
  is there a better way to ensure that there is no violence ? 
  also , i have n't looked into it very much but apparently i 've heard from a few friends and family that the parade features some pretty anti-christian things ( besides them being gay -- i 'm talking about making fun of jesus or something , i do n't know ) , and something like this certainly does n't help the pride parade 's case in a country that 's predominantly christian . 
  like i said , i do n't know much about it because i really do n't care and follow this sort of stuff half-assedly -- like most people here . 
  but if it 's true , it 's a very stupid thing to do . 
  and the majority of serbia did n't want kosovo to separate so your point is moot .
