  amusing , but i 've seen worse . 
  for anyone who has any familiarity with the naira , you will know what i 'm talking about . 
  it 's not uncommon to find a note that 's * damp * and smelly . 
  bank notes are supposed to be dirty , but this was taken to a whole new level . 
  i was going to say something about you editorializing the headline until i realized that it was copied verbatim from bloomberg . 
  in any case , despite the headline it seems to be a well-written and level-headed piece . 
  i think most people in cyprus and countries hit hard like greece , spain , etc. 
  will agree with the general sentiment . 
  this was n't the smartest thing the eu has done , that 's for sure . 
  while i do n't agree with your opinion , i think it 's interesting , and i do mean that . 
  just so i understand you , though , you 're defining marriage as something that serves the state , right ? 
  but otherwise , if marriage served love , you 'd be okay with gay marriage . 
  and an additional question : if a gay couple adopted and raised a child in said state , would that not be ultimately serving the state ? 
   not long ago after repeatedly saying they wouldnt default on greek debt they did and those investors lost 74 % of their money overnight . 
  that 's a bit disingenuous of you . 
  there is a huge difference between foreign investors and the civilian population . 
  it was an unfair comparison . 
  see [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1aeht8/eurozone_and_imf_agree_10bneuro_cyprus_bailout/c8wpr1k ) . 
  to be fair , the post was promptly removed and the thread is by no means `` full of this kind of comment '' . 
  not nsfw . 
  just a map with search terms beside countries . 
  kind of amusing ... romania ... 
  while the video is a very good summary , the report itself can be found if you click a bit deeper . 
  [ a direct link for the lazy . 
  ] ( http://issuu.com/whoeurope/docs/the-european-health-report-2012-full-report?mode=a_p ) it 's full of nice charts and graphs . 
  some things that were interesting to me : - switzerland has the highest life expectancy . 
  kazakhstan has the lowest . 
  - tuberculosis is a real killer . 
  it represents 40 % of all mortalities in the paristic diseases category . 
  - more than 70 % of all mortality occurs after the age of 65 . 
  - macedonia has the highest unemployment rate . 
  - when paying for health services directly , azerbaijan spends the most out of pocket per citizen . 
  the netherlands spend the least . 
  - armenian 15 year olds are the most active . 
  italy 's are the least . 
  - armenian 15 year olds also eat the most fruit . 
  latvian 15 year olds , the least . 
  i did n't really pay too much attention to whose milk it was , but after looking it up , you have my apologies . 
  you were right . 
   some scandal involving contaminated milk . 
  various contaminated foodstufs have made the news recently . 
  ah , so you guys got our bad milk too !, 
  we fixed it by having a politician drink some milk on tv . 
  maybe you guys should try it . 
  * sigh * i 'm not uncomfortable with criticism if it 's done with tact . 
  calling something a cancer is not tactful , and if you ca n't see that you 're beyond reproach . 
  being respectful and disagreeing are n't mutually exclusive . 
   you are somebody that is easily offended and quick to censor peoples opinions you do not agree with . 
  i have not censored anyone here , as evidenced by our up-until-now civil discussion . 
   you would make a terrible moderator and i 'm glad you failed in your bid to become one . 
   how are my comments harmful ? 
  they 're harmful because they 're racist and bigoted . 
  do you really need me to explain why `` everything i 've learned about the world suggests that islam is a poisonous cult that grows like a cancer '' is offensive ? 
   how are they not valid ? 
  they 're valid only in the sense that you 're allowed to hold opinions of your own . 
  their soundness is another matter . 
  i do n't let personal feelings get in the way , though i 'm amused by your tag . 
  i think i should have you tagged as `` angry portuguese '' because i still remember that you went off on me for about two paragraphs cursing everything and anything just because i said that it was good to question everything ( specifically the eu ) implying that 's how things become stronger . 
  i regret not taking a screenshot because it was ... quite the sight . 
  i 've never seen anyone get upset over a sentence like you did . 
  i guess the reason i gave you the benefit of the doubt was because you 're so active in the community . 
  all is forgiven , though . 
  if you want to talk , i idle on #europe too now . 
  to be fair uat2d , you 've called me a `` shit slav '' and told me some things that would have gotten you banned here too , before you wisened up and edited your post . 
  do n't know if you were drunk or something but i was willing to give you the benefit of the doubt back then . 
  in any case , it 's for this reason that i highly question :  you ban first and ask questions later , i know that from personal experience . 
  reading this thread , i was entirely on your side until i actually decided to look up some of your comments . 
  it would appear that you were n't banned for any one thing ( which is what you 're basing your defense on ) but rather a bunch of different things in various subreddits . 
  in no particular order , here are some of the things you 've said :  i do not want to see men kissing each other in adverts on tv . 
  i do not want to see gay men flirting with one another on tv . 
  it 's fucking disgusting to the majority of people in this country . 
   you are a socialist cunt though . 
  keep whining about the empire you little feminist shit . 
   my country is great !, 
  you foreign cunt !, 
   everything i 've learned about the world suggests that islam is a poisonous cult that grows like a cancer . 
   `` yes i 'm really concerned about islamaphobia also . 
  oh wait , no i 'm not . 
  i 'm concerned about muslim nutjobs trying to control the streets . '', 
   `` i 'm a patriot . 
  the falklands is british . 
  end of discussion . '', 
  and a bunch more ... you do n't really have to look very hard to find reasons to ban you from the subreddits you 're complaining about . 
  who cares if the comments were n't made in the subreddit you were getting banned from ? 
  they were made on reddit , were they not ? 
  you do n't argue that the ban would have been legitimate had you said those things on your respective subreddits , so if anything , you were banned preemptively . 
  protip : if anything , i would argue the merits of a preemptive ban instead of trying to paint yourself as someone who holds harmless and valid opinions . 
  that 's your only vector of defense because the things you say are incredibly bigoted . 
  pretty awesome . 
   it just reaffirms the notion that we 'll all be better off once the older generation dies off . 
  it 's a little a mean to say , but i ca n't help but feel it 's true . 
  it seems to me that the older you get the less prone to change you are . 
  thanks / r/europe !, 
  i promise not to drink while browsing / e/europe * too * much . 
  like bezbojnicul , any suggestions are welcome . 
  well , it 's exactly that and things like [ this ] ( http://news.cnet.com/8301-13739_3-10038963-46.html?tag=mncol;title ) about the company . 
  i guess i can understand your logic behind liking being tracked , but i can not sympathize . 
  personally , it rubs me the wrong way that a single company knows what you and everyone else is visiting at all times . 
  out of curiosity , if you use chrome , why not chromium ? 
  they 're the same thing sans the google binary blobs that do \\* whatever \\* ( it 's not free , so we do n't know what it 's doing , but it 's fair to say that for a company like google , it 's providing analytics about you and talking back to hq ) .
