  there is no loaded language , no implications or anything . 
  it 's quite neutral . 
  could it be that since all you 've been reading about the eu is negative that you just got sick of negative news ? 
  and on a related note , ask yourself when was the last time that something * good * happened in the eu that was newsworthy . 
  it 's very hard for a feel-good story to be as newsworthy as a story about * a country about to go bankrupt * . 
  perhaps the reason we 're seeing negative news all the time is because that 's all there is to report on ? 
  or , maybe because negative news is more interesting ? 
  who knows . 
  in any case , i 'll stop defending the economist now . 
  i just did n't think it was fair that the first two comments in this thread trashed it without cause . 
  you 've given yours , though , so cheers . 
  you 're referring to the politician with the short black beard , wearing the suit , right ? 
  because if so , i agree with you . 
  i ca n't stand the guy . 
  he 's loud , rude and annoying . 
  you know what would have been awesome ? 
  if everyone just spoke their version of serbian/croatian and had this debate . 
  i feel it would have flowed a lot better , and been a lot more entertaining . 
  nevertheless , this was an interesting watch . 
  what part of this editorial did you not like ? 
  i thought it was an informative summary of where certain entities stood and how things might play out . 
  unifying to create a `` sort of patriotism '' is n't a very good reason to unify at all . 
  it 's also a circular argument . 
  example : unify to create patriotism and now that everyone is patriotic we 're unified and because we 're unified we are patriotic and to be patriotic we need to unify and ... , ad infinitum . 
  look , i get what you 're trying to say . 
  it makes sense . 
  but realistically speaking , a country that does n't care whether or not it 's adhering to a treaty very likely wo n't care if it 's in a federal union . 
  let 's take your example of america during the iraq war . 
  do any of us seriously think the war would have played out any differently were america in some sort of federal union full of other member states ? 
  we all like to think that europe is different , but it 's certainly conceivable that the big names in the eu would get the same treatment . 
   in contrast to international sanctions outside of the eu , there would not be a nerve-wrecking process of agreeing on if , how , what , why etc. 
  - it would simply enact the provisions in such a case . 
  the irony here is that this could be implemented with a treaty . 
  a treaty that outlines penalties and removes `` nerve-wrecking '' processes . 
  there . 
  no need for something as bulky as a federal union all to keep everyone in line . 
  as a side note and going off on a tangent here , i still do n't see how a federal union 's penalties for a member state are any different than the penalties imposed upon countries today without such a union . 
  barring union-specific penalties , of course . 
  expulsion from a federal union is n't a problem for a state that is n't in one . 
  also , the op asked about the benefits of a federal union . 
  i claimed that there was no difference between a federal union and a bunch of treaties . 
  you only brought a very debatable point to the table ( that penalties are easier to enforce ) , and nothing else , so i 'm genuinely curious and would like to hear more benefits that ca n't be accomplished with international agreements and treaties . 
  because if this is the only reason , it might be strategic for a state to not enter a federal union as it represents another just another ball and chain . 
  what makes a treaty between two countries hard to enforce if they are n't in a federal union , and how is it any different if official groups inside the union exist to enforce that treaty ? 
  if country a and b have a treaty with one another , and country a was n't holding up its end of the bargain , country b could easily nullify the treaty on valid grounds . 
  however , country b would n't be the only one that 's aware of country a breaking its agreement . 
  everyone takes notice since this is done on the world stage . 
  since countries a and b are n't in a federal union , what can be done ? 
  things like sanctions and other penalties were created for this very reason !, 
  the fear of these things ( among many others ) , reputation , etc will keep country b in line . 
  i 'd argue that it would take `` justice '' much longer to happen if countries a and b were in a federal union . 
  country a would likely be given * another * legal avenue to present its case to member states as to why it is n't holding up its end of the bargain . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't buy your argument . 
  politics around the world have been successfully carried out with thousands of trade agreements and treaties , and all without a federal union to keep them in line . 
  this should n't surprise anyone . 
  barroso is known for being shifty and undemocratic . 
  if you recall the press conference and council meetings after the irish vote against the lisbon treaty , barroso was just as persistent and terrible as he is now . 
  heh , should have qualified that with * separate * treaties , but point taken . 
  purely symbolic , in my opinion . 
  `` unifying '' anything is generally seen as a good thing . 
  however , if we 're being realistic , there is nothing * unique * a federal europe can accomplish that ca n't be accomplished with treaties or agreements . 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  i can confirm this . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with you . 
  well , it * is * the telegraph , after all . 
  those medals seemed to have vanished into thin air , according to them . 
  to be fair , while the telegraph did n't give an accurate account of bosnian olympics , what you 've listed are team members from yugoslavian teams . 
  the medals won by these people belonged to the yugoslavian olympic team , which was made up of not only bosnians , but serbs , croats , etc. 
  since yugoslavia does n't exist , these accomplishments are passed onto her successor state , serbia ( the same way yugoslavia 's records were passed onto serbia by fifa and other organizations ) . 
  [ hello there ] ( http://youtu.be/efjinpz38ky ) . 
  traditionally / r/europe has been conducting surveys every 10k subscriptions , and since we 've just hit 30k , it 's time to do another one !, 
  before going on , i want to stress that every response is 100 % anonymous . 
  at a technical-level and a question-level . 
  we do n't ask you for your name , username , phone number , or anything like that . 
  so , please be honest with your responses !, 
  data is a beautiful thing , and the more we have of it , the better . 
  the survey consists of 4 pages , and will take less than 5 minutes to complete . 
  [ link to the survey ] ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1x_ivdw4oxavjfjgryfvuzzpkhxnif4mooxhmciddzzy/viewform ) we 're going to let the survey run for about a month or until we get a number of responses that resemble the subscribers of the subreddit ( unlikely ) . 
  whatever comes first . 
  after the polling has been finished , i 'm going to play with the data like the dirty data-loving whore i am , and produce some fun and interesting statistics . 
  perhaps maybe an infographic or two . 
  and in the interest of transparency , we 'll also release a . csv of responses , and the graphic representations of each question . 
  that way , if anyone is interested , you can join me in my data orgy . 
  and finally , a personal request : on the last page you 'll find a typical suggestion box for you to leave a comment or suggestion about the subreddit . 
  please use it !, 
  every response will be read and considered . 
  you 're 100 % anonymous , so do n't hold back . 
  thanks !, 
  * side note : you can change your responses after submitting as many times as you want before the survey closes down . 
  * [ link to the survey ] ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1x_ivdw4oxavjfjgryfvuzzpkhxnif4mooxhmciddzzy/viewform ), 
  greetings !, 
  so after running for about a month , the survey has finally ended . 
  a big thank you to all subscribers who took time out of their day to fill it out . 
  also , thank you to everyone left suggestions in the original thread [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1gsyku/the_official_reurope_30k_subscribers_survey/ ) and in the survey itself . 
  without further ado : [ the survey results ] ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1x_ivdw4oxavjfjgryfvuzzpkhxnif4mooxhmciddzzy/viewanalytics ) for those of you who are budding karma entrepreneurs , you can find a csv containing all the responses [ here ] ( http://www.sendspace.com/file/3p7527 ) . 
  i look forward to seeing creative uses come out of the data ( i 'm looking at you , / r/mapporn users ) . 
  note that the csv does not contain the anonymous suggestions , as keeping those in there could have been potentially identifying when combined with responses to other questions . 
  in the interest of transparency , though , you can still see an aggregate of all the suggestions in the main results link . 
  as mods , we 're currently looking over each and every suggestion now , but it 's going to take a bit of time before we discuss and implement anything concrete .
