  please refer to our rules , specifically :  2.3 editorialising is not acceptable . 
  editorialising is simply the act of inserting an opinion into a ( submission ) title . 
  you should , in most cases , use the title on the page you are linking to . 
  however , in the case of youtube , you may have to be inventive and attempt to create an nonpartisan and neutral title if the one the youtube video uses is clearly partisan and bias . 
   do you really want a guy joining the mod team that probably does not live in europe absolutely , yes . 
  moderators from europe ca n't be awake 24 hours a day . 
  we need people to cover those hours . 
  we ca n't be a geo-default * and not * have moderators from around the world . 
  his nationality does n't concern me . 
  his ability to mod does . 
  the stuff he occasionally posts in other subreddits is no different than the stupid `` remove kebab '' meme that reddit is infatuated with . 
  if you really have a problem with caricatures perhaps you should stand up to them . 
  [ oh wait ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33igvs/today_marks_70_years_since_since_the_prisoner/cqlf4ue ) please be quiet . 
   you should pick someone that is sceptical of the european union to balance out the pro-eu mod team . 
  i 'm skeptical of the eu , and i like hearing both sides of the debate . 
  the mod team is actually diverse in its opinions on many subjects . 
  an opposing opinion !, 
  how frightening . 
  his flair aside , his application is actually well thought out , he moderates / r/askscience , he 's an active redditor , knowledgeable in the tools that we use , and he 's probably the strongest applicant out of everyone applying . 
  spot on . 
  now that we 're a geo-default , moderators from different time zones would be * very * welcome . 
  no , but since it is n't in the mod queue , some other mod did . 
  if you report it , we 'll look at it and remove it . 
  my flair has always been serbian . 
  you 're confusing me with someone else . 
  i was actually referring to bosnia not being allowed to secede without the serbian vote , yet this `` law '' was ignored . 
  but 1244 is another great example where international law does n't mean anything , thanks !, 
   in response , the office of bosnia 's international peace overseer , who has the power to fire officials and overturn laws , said that under the 1995 peace accord , neither entity has the right to secede . 
  `` no party paper can change these facts , '' it said in a statement . 
  the irony is delicious . 
  i 've removed your comment because it was n't conducive to the discussion , because all you were doing is insulting people . 
   was this the camp run by that group who even the nazis were basically appalled at their actions ? 
  i ca n't remember what they were called but i remember it was in this region during ww2 . 
  yup . 
  the popular saying was that it even made hitler blush . 
  i did n't know you were only allowed to talk about something once . 
  it 's a news article that 's generating a lot of discussion among the community here . 
  that does n't seem like bullshit to me . 
  the comments i 'm specifically talking about are the things that go against the rules . 
  i do n't remove things willy nilly . 
  i can try to be more transparent , and whenever i 'm removing a comment i can state the reason . 
  would that be satisfactory ? 
  honestly , i ca n't speak to that because i have n't seen it , but we do work on keeping one another in check . 
  i encourage everyone who thinks they might have had something falsely removed to just ask us . 
  we do n't bite . 
   bear in mind , i am not trying to call you a liar , it is just the lack of proof of these raids is remarkable to me as these raids are used as a justification to facilitate stricter policing . 
  the `` lack '' of proof is the biggest compliment you can give us , which means that you do n't even notice when people start raiding / r/europe . 
   also , do n't get me wrong about the racist comments . 
  the `` raiding '' has never been used as an `` excuse '' day-to-day . 
  more often than not , the kind of comments we remove look something like this :  fucking sand niggers blah blah blah these comments are racist , sure , but they 're also removed * more * for being downright stupid and not contributing to the discussion . 
  very often , if we get something that 's a little harder to discern , we approve the comment and leave it up . 
  the community 's upvote/downvote can decide , and guess what ? 
  100 % of the time , the community makes the right call . 
  this is why you sometimes see comments at the end that are so stupid , and so racist , that you wonder who could have possibly wrote such a thing . 
  well , those comments get reported , and i love approving them because the community always makes an example out of them . 
  it 's better to see what is n't tolerated on this subreddit than removing it from discussion . 
  okay , so no consensus on the logistics , but consensus on that an action was needed . 
  i hope that makes more sense . 
  speaking strictly to  ... you and others of your political persuasion try to push the `` stormfront racists are coming for / r/europe '' narrative ... we actually find out one way or another if we 're being raided from an external source , and we * do * respond . 
  especially now that the sub has a lot more influence ( subscribers ) . 
  this happens behind the scenes and users are n't even aware of the amount of work we do to keep this place running without influence from outside sources . 
  we all remove xenophobic comments , without question . 
  however , the lines blur if an entire thread gets derailed . 
  that 's what we were debating about . 
  my kind ? 
  right . 
  the only difference between you and i on this subreddit is that i wear a janitor hat . 
  it 's a thankless job , as i 'm sure you 've noticed . 
  thanks for chiming in !, 
  for everyone else : it 's very common practice to have a mega sticky thread to capture breaking news . 
  in fact , we 've done that in / r/europe many times , let alone the rest of reddit ... 
  so it 's not like this solution is completely awful . 
  people need to stop looking for a scapegoat . 
  also , if this is censorship , a big bold sticky has got to be the worst censorship i 've ever seen . 
  by the way , / u/davidreiss666 does a lot of our heavy lifting , and is actually an exceptionally active moderator here . 
  from what i 've seen , he 's just trying to do his best like all of us . 
  people need to realize that behind their screens there are real people . 
  david might have a reputation , but his track record on / r/europe has been pretty stellar . 
   ... but it does need consensus on when content should be removed . 
  and we do have consensus on that . 
  i 'd love it if the moderators in question could comment on this , as they could explain their reasoning behind it , but from what i gather it was much easier to just nip the xenophobic bud ( the entire thread ) and create a mega-thread sticky to counter all the posts , than anything else . 
  it might not be the ideal solution , but it 's still * a * solution . 
  believe me , we 've been arguing it amongst each other for the last two hours . 
  it 's important to keep in mind that your moderators are people too , and they make mistakes like everyone else . 
  actually , i did n't put that up . 
  it was / u/davidreis666 , so that theory of yours falls apart . 
  there is n't any censorship here . 
  the measures to take down the xenophobia were just a little extreme is all . 
  i would have left one of the threads open , and removed duplicates , but that 's not what happened , and now we have a sticky instead . 
  different modding decision , but it 's not like there is some conspiracy here . 
  people are awake at different hours of the day . 
  traffic cops do n't all have the same consensus before giving out a ticket , and neither should we . 
  it 's not feasible , nor is it practical . 
  when we see something , we have the rules to go by to make sure we 're as consistent as possible in our modding . 
  a little variance is to be expected . 
  i 've reapproved it . 
  in the interest of transparency , i really think the mod ( s ) in question should post here and offer an explanation . 
  if nothing else , / r/europe will appreciate their honesty in handling the situation , even if they do n't agree with them . 
  i hate calling out on people directly , but / u/davidreiss666 / / u/theskynet , a comment about how this was dealt would be appreciated by many . 
  we 're discussing internally how this was handled to avoid a fuck up this large again .
