  probably not -- i know i do n't !, 
  with that said , i 'm a firefox user but i have to wonder ... with a * free * and open browser in chromium , why would one ever consider using its google-branded variant ? 
  i do wish more people cared about their privacy . 
  honestly ? 
  sometimes i get kind of snarky . 
  it 's not uncommon to catch myself hours later and think , `` well shit , i was kind of an asshole there . '', 
  i also tend to get into a lot of arguments on the internet ( someone-is-wrong-on-the-internet syndrom ) , so i try to stay away from those lest i get myself involved and waste my ( and everyone else 's ) time . 
   do you have an immediate reaction to the word `` islam '' ? 
  how does it make you feel ? 
  i do n't , and it makes me feel just fine . 
  some of my friends are muslim . 
   what does the skin colour tell us about a person ? 
  the hue of their skin ... and possibly the country they come from . 
  - all roma are * people * . 
  - adolf hitler was * a terrible dictator who came into power when germany was vulnerable . 
  * - i 'm not a racist , but * it 's hard to deny that some cultures are quantifiably more efficient or `` ahead '' * . 
  i never tried to justify it . 
  the only thing i can possibly think of is probably the things i said that led to srebrenica . 
  killing is never justifiable , but i do remember explaining oric and his vile warcrimes . 
  some bosnians view him as a hero just like serbs view their heroes as heroes and not war criminals . 
  i did n't take sides in the argument , just brought up something that 's almost always taken for granted . 
  it 's been quite a while since that topic , though , and i ca n't seem to find the discussion . 
  i shamelessly nominate myself , as i 've recently acquired a bit more free time and would be able to accomodate the responsibilities that come with being a moderator . 
  i think i 've always been level-headed , and though i tend not to comment a lot , i read this subreddit almost daily . 
  i can be a janitor for spam , reports , or anything else other mods want to offload on me . 
  i also know quite a bit of css and my way around reddit . 
  we could also use a mod from the balkans/eastern europe . 
  :p equal representation and shit . 
  yup . 
  pretty common here . 
  both p\u00e2t\u00e9 , and thicker variant called pa\u0161teta . 
  kind of sad to see stupid memes getting upvoted in / r/europe instead of actual songs . 
  in any case , for those of you that care , here is an * actual * patriotic song ( my favourite version of it , anyway ) that everyone in serbia knows . 
  they are the same language , just different dialects . 
  while i do n't agree with the tone , your comment is pretty spot on . 
  it 's quite palpable in / r/europe . 
  no , thank you . 
  the comments in that article are spot-on . 
  i guess it 's funnier if you understand japanese culture a bit . 
  still thought some of us in / r/europe might have got a kick out of it -- i personally loved the way they did tito . 
  ah , forgot to mention that the americas and africa were in there too . 
  blind guardian from germany , and ensiferum from finland . 
  what this graph does n't show is good ol' moonshine/rakija , man . 
  it 's arguably a huge chunk of the graph that 's missing . 
  thank you for the kind words . 
  they really mean a lot . 
  i 'm really happy that sane and rational people such as yourself exist in the world . 
  i do n't condone any violence , but in short , they were provoked after serbian villages were raided , raped , and serbian pows were killed . 
  hey man , cool ~ !, 
  i love snarky and vacuous replies that show you know nothing about the issue . 
  i 'll return the snarkiness : oric was an incredibly nice guy !, 
  i 'm glad we voted for the right thing . 
  even more humiliating is [ this ] ( http://www.b92.net/sport/vaterpolo/vesti.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=08&amp;dd=09&amp;nav_id=1025063 ) . 
  we 're gon na need a bigger cupboard to put all of these golds in . 
  i 'm sorry if it was n't you , but literally every comment of his was reported , and the last one within minutes of him posting it . 
  in my experience , it 's usually people that are in debate with one another that are religiously refreshing the page , or checking back often . 
  but , it 's possible someone could have stumbled upon the thread and reported him because he did n't like his position . 
  happens . 
  what also happens is making mistakes , so , sorry if it was n't you !, 
  please do n't enter a debate with someone online if you 're going to report all their comments , / u/thebeercannon . 
  it 's really annoying . 
  please , no conspiracy theories against other users . 
  a fantastic , and independent documentary by a norwegian director . 
  highly recommended to anyone who wants to have a better understanding of everything srebrenica . 
  for the exact reasons you cited this was n't a genocide . 
  voice of reason . 
  the massacre of more than a million armenians should be recognized as a genocide . 
  srebrenica , rightfully , was n't . 
  even if genocide is defined as intent and not in numbers , it 's still the right call because srebrenica , as bad as it was , was a reaction to ori\u0107 's pillaging and raping of serbian villages . 
  keeping the title in europe . 
   the chinese need to also be held responsible for their actions . 
  what actions ? 
  they did n't do anything . 
  if you were in the embassy because your chinese friend invited you to show you some paintings , you would n't be sitting here right now , spreading diarrhea all over your keyboard . 
  unless your argument is that everyone in the embassy needed to die ? 
  and if not everyone , the serbs in the embassy ? 
  in which case you 'd be advocating the death of another human being , which makes you a bigot . 
   it 's been such a long time now so no one gives a shit anyway sadly . 
  we 're on the internet , specifically in a community focused on european affairs . 
  we care . 
   and what kind of organization bombs the refugees that it is trying to protect ... an incompetent one . 
  sure it is . 
  there are innocent civilians , and people in embassies too . 
  they just are n't hooked up to an iv . 
  i guess if someone hides in a hospital , that hospital is going to be safe because rational thought will prevail . 
  oh wai - maybe that 's just one hospital , so it was okay . 
  morally questionable but -- wait , ** 20 + ** hospitals ? 
  nato is a steaming pile of shit . 
  it 's nice to know that nato can bomb foreign structures and land whenever it pleases , without thought to collateral . 
  the entire bombing campaign is an example of nato 's incompetence . 
  what competent military organization * accidentally * blows up the chinese embassy ? 
  that 's nothing to say of the hospitals , and the various civilian structures that were destroyed . 
  it 's actually something we 're having a discussion about changing . 
  i agree , it 's a very stupid rule . 
  can confirm . 
  love lithuania . 
  3 times is also a serbian thing . 
  interesting to know that other places in europe follow something other than 2 !, 
  to whom is it not a good idea ? 
  western europe ?
