  naturally , for something like this , you can never be 100 % sure whether or not op is who he claims he is . 
  even now , i 'm not completely sure . 
  it 'll ** always ** be possible to fake documentation , scan it , and show it to the mods at / r/iama or even here , and get a metaphorical stamp of approval . 
  photos of human beings holding this documentation are n't good enough either . 
  pay stubs , id cards , any documentation under the sun can be faked , and unless you 're somebody famous who can take a photo of themselves to prove their identity , or use their official twitter , or what-have-you , we will never have concrete proof . 
  as for op , i 've received a scanned document of op 's identification and i 've performed an fft search on the image ( using 3 different services ) with various crops and sizes ... it appears to be 100 % unique on the internet . 
  now , i could certainly attempt to call up the russian government and ask about op , but this is more effort than its worth , and given the situation , risky for op and everyone involved . 
  and if op is n't who he claims he is , what if the real person , whose documentation op managed to get a hold of , gets in trouble ? 
  no , this is a very delicate situation . 
  so , with that said , if we combine the uniqueness of the document on the internet , along with the fact that his opinion is very under-represented here at / r/europe , and that he seems genuine in wanting to explain things ... 
  i think we can give him the benefit of the doubt . 
  that might not sit well with everyone , but i think it 's somewhat reasonable . 
  this is n't a debate at all . 
  i 'm just entertaining your rather very unconvincing appeal-to-authority assertions . 
  the icj is so good that kosovo is still very much a failed state and in a limbo despite its ruling . 
  that 's how `` good '' the icj is . 
  the icj 's ruling is irrelevant . 
   and so far you have yet to present anything but emotionally laden statements reeking if a poorly hidden disdain of kosovo . 
  this is really amusing because you 're so far off the mark it almost hurts . 
  i 'm * for * kosovo 's independence ( well , the majority anyway ) . 
  try not to superimpose your opinion of my flair onto the things i say . 
  my feelings are irrelevant , do n't know why you 've brought them up . 
  all i 'm saying is that un resolutions apparently mean squat down the line if they can just be overturned like it 's nothing . 
  in any case , the gross inconsistency is rather amusing when it comes to respecting the successor state to yugoslavia -- serbia , do n't you think ? 
   in virtually every other category , from trade partners , to things as innocuous as serbia inheriting all of yugoslavia 's olympic medals , all of this has been respected without question . 
  literally the only thing questioned , the only law broken , is the stain that is kosovo . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree , but there is a reason why that ruling will forever be controversial . 
  pretending the icj is some paragon of justice is laughable at best . 
  cheers . 
  it 's also extremely political , and creatively interpreted un resolutions to achieve the conclusion they wanted . 
  hardly as black and white as you 're making it out to be . 
  i 've verified him . 
  i know very well what the icj ruling is . 
  does n't make it right . 
  sent you another pm . 
  ~ ~ we 're currently in the process of gathering proof . 
  if none is received , this thread will be removed . ~ ~ i 've received proof that i 'm satisfied with . 
  carry on . 
  that 's actually my first response to you in this thread . 
   you 're thinking of / u/wub _ wub . 
  and it 's not a friendly and solution-focused attitude to declare independence out of the blue with a disregard to laws . 
  scotland has the right idea and should be an example to all separatist movements . 
  kosovo , on the other hand , is reaping what it sowed with its manic declaration of independence . 
  oh , i 'm working on it as we speak !, 
  so , hopefully by the end of tonight or tomorrow . 
  i do n't really care for the eu . 
  i also said another day or two in one of my other responses . 
  had a party to attend tonight and could n't finish it . 
  my apologies . 
  this is why i hate giving hard deadlines . 
  it 's coming , though !, 
  not only will you be able to see the result for specific questions , but you 'll be able to combine questions ... for example , all males , aged 21-25 that think favourably of the eu . 
  this specific example combines 3 questions -- sex , age and the eu question . 
  the results would then be colour coded on the map by country . 
  i 'm about half-way through this , and going to need another day or two . 
  i hope the delay does n't upset too many people !, 
  sorry guys . 
  i 've been sitting on it for about a week and a half now , but i 'll have it out this weekend , or monday morning for sure . 
   i 've been writing a small tool to help analyze the results and i 'm doing this in my free time , so apologies for the delay . 
  as for the thematic surveys , we had those for a while but interest dropped off . 
  if there is interest for it again , we can start it up once more . 
  i am active !, 
  it 'll be released this weekend . 
  i 've been busy writing a tool to hopefully make things a bit more interactive . 
   edit : so maybe i 'm gon na need another day or two . 
  i like how we 're grayed out on the map , but further down 7th on the list of countries by coffee consumption . 
  to be fair , he did n't say all romanians . 
  he said the ones causing crime , and i think he also brought it up when citing atm crimes in that 90 % + were committed by romanian immigrants . 
  i can understand your frustration , but there are youtube videos of him being quite harsh on this topic , and sure he generalizes a bit , but he never really talks about the romanian people as a whole . 
  agreed , it was more of a douch-y response to an equally douch-y comment . 
   as for vojvodina , the movement might as well not exist as it 's pretty much a joke , and seen by everyone as such . 
  i think slavonija and dalmatia would be pretty cool to see as well . 
  the more the merrier !, 
  memes that do n't add anything to the discussion get removed regularly . 
  i did n't know croats considered tito a hero . 
  that 's kind of strange . 
  i agree , but i 'm torn . 
  every time we do it , there are 10.000 new people that have n't seen it . 
  plane ticket-wise ? 
  not much , but it is cheaper by a bit . 
  overall ? 
  * much * cheaper . 
  with a western salary you can live like a king here . 
   ... and especially prokletije . 
  for those curious , the literal translation is `` damned mountains '' . 
   kosovo is sovereign though depending on where you live , yeah . 
   are you just not adding these places such as gibraltar because if you do , then you 'll have to add kosovo as well ? 
  no , i 've explained what i 'm doing in response to llanita . 
  however , this seems to be a reaaaaaallllly sore spot for a lot of people , so i 'm definitely adding a `` regions '' selectbox in the next one where you can select kosovo , gibraltar , etc. 
   you still have n't answered my question as to why these obviously separate entities ca n't be included ? 
  they can and will be . 
  a separate dropdown for all of europe 's regions will be added . 
  that 's actually not the reason . 
   the real reason can be read in a response to llanita at the bottom of this thread . 
  it 's also possible not to answer . 
   i chose the sane option , of course . 
  the one that includes herzegovian too , i hope ? 
  we had more last time but people seemed to complain about `` identify as male/female , androgynous , etc. '', 
  gah , ca n't make anyone happy . 
  :( i 'll see what we can do about the next time around .
