  i 'm very anti-nationalist , and even someone like me is a little jarred by the ruling . 
  it makes me glad that people outside of serbia also feel this way , and that i have n't gone completely mad . 
  thank you . 
  you can say the same about a number of bosnian and serbian generals and leaders . 
  it all depends where you stand . 
  one of the `` aggressors '' banished was a family i knew , who were n't violent and lived peacefully , contributing to society with steady jobs . 
  they 've lost their homes , and everything and everyone they knew in croatia . 
  they can never move back . 
  no nice way to say this , so i 'll be blunt : kindly fuck off with your nationalism . 
  could n't be further from the truth . 
  cheers ~ !, 
  counter-strike is a multiplayer first-person shooter . 
  `` ns '' means `` nice shot '' and is a way of showing respect toward whoever killed you in-game . 
  or , if you just witnessed a nice shot in general . 
  `` gg '' means `` good game '' and saying it is a polite way to end off a match between two teams . 
  one of those rare times a novelty account perfectly summarizes events . 
   i must ask you something , why do you guys never write in proper english ? 
  this might be hard to believe , but english might not be someone 's first language . 
  okay , now you 're just being a stubborn contrarian that 's warping what i say to fit your nicely grinded axe . 
  suffice it to say , it 's not propaganda . 
  poland is further north and the ottoman empire would have faced more resistance to get there . 
  i 'm not blaming all of serbia 's problems on the ottoman empire -- that 's just silly . 
  but if you read my sentence about the uk in my previous response , it certainly did affect us to some extent . 
  and have you even been to croatia ? 
  or serbia for that matter ? 
  the state of affairs in both nations is practically the same . 
  try driving with a serbian license plate in large parts of croatia , and we 'll talk . 
  by the way , despite containing many sentences , a paragraph is a single thought with a developed flow . 
  it 's not an invitation for you to take each sentence out of context and shit all over it . 
   this ties to my first point that the serbian empire was n't really that powerful if it could n't withstand the ottoman onslaught . 
  are you sure that you want to use the ottoman empire as a litmus test for how powerful a nation is ? 
  because many of the western nations you hold such a high opinion of would have crumbled had the ottoman pushed far enough . 
  it 's kind of ironic , actually . 
  if not for countries like serbia that acted as gate keepers and made it more difficult for the ottoman empire to expand , more of europe would have been annexed . 
  so , the next time we talk about serbia 's position in the world , let 's not forget serbia 's unique predisposition . 
   no , but it was n't that impressive either . 
  at that time , the ottoman empire was the sick man of europe . 
  so you do n't find retaining culture and identity after hundreds of years to be impressive ? 
  i guess we 'll have to agree to disagree about this . 
   sure , serbs managed to preserve ther identity , culture and religion but to what avail ? 
  what good come out of it ? 
  what 's the point of preserving your culture if you build so little on top of it ? 
  serbia takes baby step while the rest of europe makes great strides forward . 
  is n't that disappointing ? 
  well , there is that little predisposition i mentioned earlier . 
  i 'm sure that stunted serbia 's growth to some extent . 
  around the time serbia was finally free , countries like the uk were practically industrialized . 
  also , i would argue that preserving culture is an inherently worthwhile thing to do , but that 's neither here nor there . 
  i do agree that when you put it like that , it 's unfortunately disappointing , but this was the hand we were dealt with . 
  and even the biggest pessimist would find it hard to deny that serbia is n't becoming more prosperous as time goes on . 
  i do n't think you know what you 're talking about . 
  how do i know this ? 
  because :  if nato did n't intervene in the 1990s serbia would be far worse off , bosnians would have been wiped out completely and the country would be a complete outcast from almost all of the world . 
  the bombing happened after the dayton agreement , and had nothing to do with bosnia . 
  it 's frankly embarrassing that you 're being upvoted for such blatant misinformation , ivandelapena . 
   ... but frankly i find the easiness with which the ottomans swept over serbian lands rather embarrassing . 
  which easiness are you referring to ? 
  belgrade itself has been practically sieged at least once every century . 
  it was n't like the ottoman empire captured all of serbia in one night . 
  the serbian people fought tooth and nail and resisted as long as they could . 
  the ottoman empire was * enormous * while the serbian empire was n't . 
  was it also embarrassing that after hundreds of years of ottoman rule , serbia managed to become independent once more ? 
  and all the while maintaining their identity , culture and religion . 
  given the circumstances , i think this is very impressive and could n't have been pulled off by another group of people . 
  okay , maybe i should n't say that , but to tie into the op 's original point , it 's things like this that the serbian nation is proud of . 
  calling it `` pathetic '' is just a tad offensive , especially since it 's such an integral part of serbian identity . 
  celebrating defeats is n't a concept developed by any one nation , let alone serbia . 
  in fact , it 's quite common ( for example , see the french ) . 
  no one is claiming that prince lazar was an incredible military genius . 
  also , let 's not forget that the christian side in the battle of kosovo was greatly outnumbered by the ottoman empire . 
  prince lazar did what he could , and despite losing his life , the sultan lost his too . 
   it 's not like serbia was ever a great power oh , but we were . 
  we had an extremely powerful medieval empire at one point . 
  you could argue that this is in the past , but a lot of people tend to be proud of their history , no matter the country they 're from . 
  in the end , it 's all nationalism . 
  a million different people will give you a million different answers for why it 's so rampant among serbs , but the truth is : it just is . 
  ( my personal take on this is long-winded and combines the hipster-want to be unique , and the dislike for western politics , thus turning to our own `` ideals '' . ), 
  google can only collect data that way if you actually press it . 
  nope . 
  just like the facebook `` like '' button , if you 're logged into either service and you visit a website with that button , that specific third party knows that you 've been on that website whether you click it or not . 
  edit : and , of course , let 's not forget about google knowing which links you click on after you search for something . 
  this guy 's just fantastic . 
  voice , style , and all . 
  damn . 
  but that 's my point . 
  even though they were contributing to / r/europe in one way or another , they were still being downvoted for their racist bullshit -- and this means that the general community here disagreed with them instead of promoting their comments . 
  i have yet to see a blatantly racist comment get an overall positive score . 
  that 's all well and good , but the fact that he was banned and the fact that / r/europe was `` invaded '' means that this subreddit did n't tolerate the former , and its subscribers had nothing to do with the latter . 
  a few people are beginning to claim this , but whenever something `` close '' to racism is brought up on this subreddit , it 's usually a very thoughtful reply full of anecdotal and hard evidence . 
  but i am genuinely curious , op . 
  if blatant racism is as rampant as you claim it to be on here , can you link a few examples ? 
  otherwise , you come off as someone who has pretty sensitive skin . 
  protecting people is not a `` dumb excuse '' . 
  also , it 's questionable whether it 's even * moral * to give someone a `` few decades '' worth of jail time for being a nuisance . 
  i can understand if someone dies , but for throwing rocks at people ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why even take the risk ? 
  here is an idea , how about we refuse to play this game , and protect everyone involved at the expense of our public image ? 
  continue to wax poetic about human freedoms if you want , but the world is n't painted with your two shades of black and white . 
  it 's equally as easy to wax poetic about protecting liberties and human freedoms .
