  are you sure ? 
  maybe it 's anecdotal , or maybe a lot of my friends are nationalists , but i certainly get the opposite feeling . 
  i do agree that people would also lose their shit if serbia recognized kosovo . 
  i certainly hope not , and i do n't say that as a serb since i try to distance myself as much as possible from nationalistic crap . 
  but something like this would truly be the `` stealing '' of land . 
  just imagine if texas had a majority mexican population , and texas seceded only to be joined with mexico -- same thing . 
  but the thing i fear most is the aftermath . 
  the latter more than anything as i 'm sure that practically the entire serbian male population will rise to arms if this ever happened . 
  not enough time has passed . 
  this shit is still raw in the hearts and minds of serbia 's citizens . 
  and i think a small part always will be -- i mean , we even have national holidays that everyone celebrates that have a strong basis in kosovo . 
  my opinion of this ? 
  i hate the situation and wish we were n't in this mess . 
  history has recorded that kosovo has been serbian before albania was even a country and we should be content with that ; a lot of our identity was forged in kosovo , and our medieval monasteries and churches are still sprinkled across the province and it crushes my soul whenever i hear about albanians destroying them , and i 'm not even religious or anything . 
  all of this is recorded and can never be forgotten , so again , the serbian population should be content with that . 
  but , with a heavy heart i have to admit that i would be blind if i think things will return to the way they were before . 
  the only solution , in my opinion ? 
  separate the north region , and let it reunite back with the country it belongs with . 
  neither side will be satisfied , but in situations like this it 's pretty much the only way to get * a solution * . 
  the majority of the population in the north is serbian , and that should be reason enough since that was all the reason the albanian majority needed when they wanted to separate . 
  the precedent has already been set , mr. thaci . 
  as the past few years have shown , you can not control the north , just like serbia could n't control kosovo for the last two decades . 
  let it go . 
  besides , refusing this solution only adds more fuel to the conspiracy theories involving the us , and how the north region is the most rich in natural resources . 
  anyway , those are just my two cents on this whole debacle . 
  i did it for you . 
  it 's also important to note that while this is very bad , this is only one extreme . 
  serbia is a gradient of poverty and wealth , and it 's easy to cherrypick stories like this especially when they 're so sad . 
  we 're not doing so hot economically , but at the same time things are n't * this * bad everywhere . 
  in fact , people in belgrade and other major cities are generally well off . 
  and as anyone will tell you , even the poorest areas are getting better , albeit very slowly . 
  i also noticed that the op did n't translate the title . 
  so , for the curious , it 's `` died for 1000 dinars and one kilogram of beans . '', 
  do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . 
  you 're pretty much spot on . 
  cheers . 
  to be clear , those serb civilians were n't having `` fun '' with anything . 
  however , i do understand the difficulty of trying to separate the military from civilians when they 're on the same side and especially when in a zone such as kosovo . 
  however , i do n't think that the bombing was necessary . 
  our government did n't mass-kill milosevic protestors ( and there were many ) , whereas syria , who is in a much-worse position probably is n't even on nato 's radar . 
  if there is no confusion , why is the eu flag used to represent / r/europe ? 
  no , but king solomon-style solutions are still on the table , where the heavily serb-populated regions of north kosovo could secede . 
  it 's a very complicated issue . 
  was n't trying to teach you anything . 
  was just trying to have a bit of rational discourse , but apparently you 're too bigoted for that . 
  have a good day . 
  i do n't have a study on me because i do n't think one exists , but that should n't prevent us from commenting on this issue and dismissing things with `` citation needed '' . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  i can tell you right now , of course based on anecdotal evidence , that most people in serbia do n't care for a federated eu or eu in general . 
  also , a lot of my british friends do n't want a federated eu like the one being discussed . 
  this goes for a few of my swedish friends , as well as dutch friends . 
  this is an opinion that spans nations . 
  you do n't have to look very hard to find supporters , and their respective political parties also make quite a bit of noise . 
  i mean , just look at how popular ukip is now and how it 's * still gaining * popularity . 
  a rational , and open-minded person reading your exchange would realize that you bring well thought-out reasoning backed by facts , while diehard3 non-nonchalantly dismisses what you have to say with `` whatevs '' and does n't ever fairly address one of your points opting to instead poke at your username and form assumptions . 
  this eu nationalism reminds me of children plugging fingers into their ears and shouting `` nanana ca n't hear you ! '' . 
  i am truly sorry you 're getting downvoted , but such is the eu-is-great-and-if-you-disagree-you-are-wrong feedback loop in / r/europe . 
  please do n't stop posting . 
  we need more of you here . 
  and yet a popular opinion that many hold . 
  please be sarcasm . 
  while you could have said it in a nicer way , you do have a point . 
  the posts on this subreddit are mostly a feedback loop on how great the eu is . 
  for example , you will never seen an article [ like this ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2188453/the-case-europe-mep-daniel-hannan-reveals-disturbing-contempt-democracy-heart-eu.html ) upvoted on this subreddit , despite it being well-written and factual . 
  and in fact , [ it was n't ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/y8zrs/the_case_against_europe_mep_daniel_hannan_reveals/ ) . 
  just a recent example from memory . 
  * sigh *, 
  i agree , though i 'd change `` yet '' to `` ever '' . 
  people were reportedly atheistic in yugoslavia until 1990 . 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of yugoslavia , but i can tell you right now that most of serbia was definitely not atheistic prior to 1990 . 
  i assure you that we were ( and still are ) quite orthodox christian . 
  i particularly like this comment on that article :  at this point it has become so clear that the original statements about the situation in greece were so false and completely designed to benefit the shareholders of banks in northern europe exclusively , that no one can believe with any confidence what is being said . 
   there is no way to move forward without consensus and that is impossible without trust . 
  the trust is gone and so panic is not out of the question . 
  the actual financial problems could be no where near as severe as people perceive them to be , but reality still could n't stop the stampede . 
   the lack of trust is compounded by the absurdity of hubris being put forward by the troika and merkel , they claim they can not fail . 
  the preposterousness of such an assertion in light of the patent falseness of previous statements erodes everyone 's confidence . 
   greece was a minor catastrophe . 
  a small nation which went bankrupt . 
  iceland showed how best to handle such a scenario and yet it is nowhere presented as a role model for greece , when it is the only logical one . 
  write off all the bad bets of private capital , devalue your currency ( by abandoning the euro ) and ring-fence social spending as best you can . 
  the water will then rise to its own level . 
  the rest of the talk is just so much ideology , how things should happen . 
  ignoring the fact that how things should be is always wishful thinking . 
  walkereu is a well-known eu apologist on this subreddit . 
  take everything he says with a grain of salt . 
  i was more surprised that they did n't include [ guca festival ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gu%c4%8da_trumpet_festival ) . 
  with more than a * half a million attendees every year * it trumps most of those festivals on the top 10 . 
  this is nothing new . 
  i can think of dozens of different examples where the eu threw democracy out the window . 
  however , nothing is as disgusting [ as this little gem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6qmh-7fu68 ) . 
  i * cringe * every time i watch that . 
  it 's simply unbelievable . 
  we need more critical links of the eu on this subreddit . 
  thanks for sharing , op . 
  edit : i would like to add that the title should be `` the case against the eu '' and not `` europe '' . 
  europe has existed just fine without the eu , and equating one with the other is a stupid thing to do . 
  if it were up to me i 'd also change the subreddit image as it 's also guilty of that crime , but c'est la vie . 
  [ almost prophetic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brx-cbleica#t=2m47s ) . 
  you did n't really answer my question , so let me rephrase it .
