  ` tis why i said modern day . 
  i choose austria . 
  actually , technically that was modern day roman empire . 
  yeah , we 'll stick with that . 
  holy roman-american scientist sounds pretty cool . 
  to quote someone from the comments here :  the opinion piece is n't even about the quote you decided to take as headline . 
  either use the name of the article , post your opinion as the headline and make it clear it 's your voice , or do n't post it at all . 
  removed due to editorializing of title . 
  instead of tripping over yourself to be offended , i meant it the way it was written : it 's a popular vacation spot for montenegrins , serbs , and russians . 
  the slash is there because there is very little difference between the `` nations '' , and nobody gives a shit about that anyway . 
  many montenegrins live in serbia , and many serbs in monenegro . 
  that sounds like russian ; in serbian it 's supposed to be \u0427\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0430 =  \u0426\u0440\u043d\u0430 . 
  was there last year . 
  fantastic little place . 
  full of montenegrins/serbs and russians . 
  hey , i looked into your comment and ca n't find anything proving or disproving the assertions that they 're anything more than borderline trolls . 
  we have quite a few of those here on / r/europe , but they 're not ban worthy ( yet ) . 
  if anyone else has more evidence , i 'll gladly look into it . 
  we 're nothing if not inconsistently consistent . 
  sure , i can see what you 're saying , and i agree . 
  but it 's not like we do n't * also * have a problem now . 
  they 're leaving their `` new country '' and often going through serbia , and ending up in hungary , which is putting strain on them too . 
  the irony is delicious if you 're a serb , yup . 
  although , i imagine that the refugees in question are having a hard time . 
  whether or not that 's `` deserved '' is n't for me to decide . 
  all letting kosovo did was change population , gdp , and other statistics * on paper * . 
  1954 's gift is up , time 's up , over , now !, 
  snap back to reality , oh there goes morality oh , there goes crimea , ukraine choked so mad , but they wo n't give it up give up 1954 nope , they wo n't have it ukraine knows , he 's sitting in his kremlin pulling ropes disappearing for a few days , raising hopes for an end to all the shootin ' he knows that , he 's putin, 
  not true !, 
  there 's also beef , chicken , veal , lamb , and pork too . 
  i know vegetarians exist here , but i 've honestly never met one . 
  aw man , why did you have to say it like that ... why could n't you qualify your statement with '' * these kinds of * muslims '' or something to that effect ? 
  when you phrase shit the way you did , i have no choice but to remove it because it 's xenophobic bullshit . 
  criticize muslims . 
  but do it intelligently . 
  correct . 
  serbia was formally cleared by the icty . 
  however , the entire war was bullshit and there are a lot more grays than black and whites . 
  eh , not that far from belgrade . 
  i 'll do my best to come . 
  this is patently false . 
  when a large part of bosnia is against secession , and by law , bosnia is not allowed to secede without the serbian , croatian , and bosnian vote , and yet decides to split anyway based on just the bosnian vote ... well , can you really blame the other side for fighting for their country ? 
  no , you ca n't . 
  it 's why half of bosnia today is literally called _ republika _ fucking _ srpska _ , or _ serbian republic _ . 
  and rightfully so . 
  everyone attacked one another , but to say that bosnian serbs started the bosnian conflict would be a gross simplification , akin to saying gavrilo princip is to blame for all of ww1 . 
  europe . 
  one of many examples : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm_es_sscjw, 
  just because you do n't care about borders does n't mean others should follow your lead . 
  we care , and and if recent events have shown us anything , it 's that more and more people across europe are starting to care about borders as well . 
  no kidding . 
  his youtube clips are stuff of legends . 
  the way he defended himself was admirable , bringing in epistemology , discrediting self-proclaimed `` experts '' , and flaunting his intellectual superiority at random , but hilarious moments . 
  it 's really a shame that some of that stuff is n't subbed in english , because it 'd otherwise be really popular . 
  you do realize that a mod posted this , right ? 
  yeah , they are generally well-known . 
  was expecting * a serbian film * for us . 
  genuinely surprised . 
  the original title is `` nikolic criticized for statement at research center ceremony '' not '' `` children should be born here , with the serb genetic material , with the serb code , serb past and serb future . '', 
  - serbian president criticized for statement at research center ceremony '' . 
  you did n't `` supposedly '' leave it out . 
  you left it out . 
  not including context to spin a story is editorializing . 
  not that it matters , the rules of the subreddit are pretty specific here . 
  use the article 's title , and in some cases if not applicable , the article 's subtitle . 
  i only go by user reports . 
  nothing personal here . 
  my serbian flair is a coincidence in this matter . 
  if someone ( or in this case , multiple people ) report or have something to say about you , i 'm obligated to investigate . 
  we 'll be keeping an eye on him . 
  removed for editorialization . 
  not only did you not copy the article title , or the article 's subheader , but you also took the quote from within the article out of context . 
  to quote another commenter on here :  here is full quote , that article and op deliberatly omited : `` children should be born here , with the serb genetic material , with the serb code , serb past and serb future . 
  the serb nation is in a crisis '' while he `` only wants serbia to create the conditions for its citizens , including serbs to extend the species . '', 
   taken from a speech held at an opening of genetic research center that would be used for stem cell reaserch and preservation and artificial insemination so citizens of serbia would n't have to go to other countries . 
  so tell me what 's wrong with that ? 
  and next time read more then just the title , that was editorialized by th op btw . 
  btw : some reports of having an agenda have been brought up against you . 
  let this be your warning . 
  the reverse is even more true . 
  when everyone believes the same thing , it 's time for some serious introspection . 
  vujke from podgorica , having a different opinion is okay . 
  serbia 's political leanings do n't have to align with yours . 
  have a good day . 
  is that really the case in croatia ? 
  i actually had no idea , because there are no `` headaches '' here . 
  the difference is as clear as night and day . 
  thanks for the translation . 
  thank you for providing a translation . 
  not to mention that much of the islam in albania ( and bosnia ) is very `` mild '' . 
  i know plenty of muslims here that enjoy alcohol , and some even pork . 
  flair up , brah . 
  actually , the spam filter sometimes catches them by mistake . 
  we do our best to approve them . 
  it 's not so much serbia so much as it is serbian businesses that have private jurisdiction over privately held institutions . 
  they operate currently under serbian law , and my point is that this is very much a one-sided relationship . 
  do you seriously believe that just because a region declares independence that the privately held land , infrastructure , contracts , and services that are in place , just stop being so ? 
  again , we 're talking about different things . 
  that 's a really good article about the crimes committed against serbs * in * kosovo and you 're cherry-picking a line talking about counter-protests * in * central serbia ( something the local government has already dealt with regarding damages ) . 
  i 'm very confused .
