  no kosovar albanians were harmed in your mining of that quote . 
  good point , let 's have serbia cut all of its services , and infrastructure that it still provides to kosovo . 
   i do n't think the intentions really matter when historical sites are getting destroyed . 
  of course they do , and stop trying to cheapen it . 
  one side is collateral from war , and the other is pure racism , and xenophobia . 
   kosovo has actually invested millions in restoring those churches . 
  it 's a start , and i 'm happy to hear that . 
  he does n't because the number is nowhere close to 200 . 
  better to just concede , stay on topic away from minutiae , and argue the main point : kosovo should not join unesco . 
  and thankfully , it is n't going to be . 
  kosovo was a part of serbia then ( many would argue that it still is ) , so the way serbia wants to spend money in its own country is up to them . 
  apples and oranges . 
  yes , during a war , when you fight in and around buildings , they 're bound to get destroyed . 
  however , we 're talking about historical sites that were destroyed after the fact , and targeted in a systematic manner . 
  serbia never targeted mosques just because they were mosques . 
  [ whereas kosovar albanians went around destroying historical serbian churches just because they were serbian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suueyv6uk74 ) . 
  you will never find a clip of serbs doing anything like that because they never did anything like that . 
  if kosovo really cared , they 'd restore the churches they destroyed , and the graves they defiled . 
  until then , i 'll be sipping my wine , enjoying this small victory . 
  cheers . 
   is it though ? 
  yup , absolutely . 
  burning old serbian churches , monasteries , and other heritage sites , and then expecting to join unesco does not compute . 
  the right decision , and a victory for justice . 
   quite frankly , as a guy who had zealously defended serbia for years , and who will remains bitterly opposed to recognizing kosovo , i 'm reaching a point where it is increasingly hard to care about your country or its loss of territory . 
  i had actually been planning a spring trip to belgrade , but thanks to people like you , i chose southeast asia instead . 
  let 's not forget about the key republika srpska veto on palestine in the un . 
  i understand and respect the outrage when an ally like isreal is offended . 
  serbia is caught between a rock and a hard place , though . 
  our politicians dance a delicate tango with two different masters , and they do their best not to step on too many toes . 
  unfortunately , that 's not always possible , and pleasing one party will almost certainly displease the other . 
  your lack of knowledge is precisely my point . 
  good day , sir . 
  you do n't have to agree with the reasons ( in the case of the holocaust they were downright deplorable ) , but the reasons do exist . 
   there were many , many more that rare foreigners without a specific interest in the bosnian war have heard of . 
  this is my point exactly . 
  yup , talking about western media . 
  and agreed on the teaching of history . 
  that 's something every single country should be doing , no matter what . 
  balkan anonymous , flair up , please . 
   as mentioned in the comments , the problem is not mentioning atrocities that have been wrought against your people , it 's at the same time not mentioning the atrocities of your own people . 
  this is a fair point , but only to an extent , and not applicable here . 
  finding out about , and reading bosnian-serbian crimes is easy peasy ( srebrenica , anyone ? ), 
  and this gets enough media coverage . 
  what 's never talked about in this war is the other side ( does anyone on / r/europe even know * why * srebrenica happened ? ) . 
  you can consider what op 's newspaper is doing is more of a `` here is the other side of the coin '' kind of story , which should be allowed and encouraged . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  did you just google mine that for keywords ? 
  your link is 4 years older than his ( never mind that they 're from the same news agency ) . 
  needless to say , evidence for those claims is difficult since witnesses need to be protected , but on tv i remember watching that at least one of them was indeed dead . 
  i 'm not sure about the others , but hey , we 've been talking about the organ harvesting of serbs in kosovo for * years * and no one believed us until recently an independent group linked the harvesting to hashim thaci . 
  there is very good reason to believe the same thing here . 
  i 'm assuming you 're referring to srebrenica , am i right ? 
  serious question , but do you even know * why * that event happened ? 
  i 'm in no way trying to justify killing , i 'm just genuinely curious if you know . 
  we 're quite used to it , but thanks for the support . 
  it makes me glad that other people see the bias as well . 
  we should . 
  their metal is fantastic . 
   this is supposed to be a democratic process and you 're completely ignoring our opinion . 
  your first mistake was assuming that the eu is democratic . 
  if the eu wants something bad enough , democracy be damned . 
  ( e.g. 
  see the irish vote ), 
  this needs to be the thread 's top comment . 
  thank you for sharing . 
   the people that should be held responsible for the evacuation of serb civilians from croatia should be the ones who issued the evacuation order . 
  sure , i agree totally that croatia should have done a lot more to guarantee the safety of returnees to encourage their return , but let 's not ignore who actually told those people to leave in the first place . 
  the entire situation was pretty shitty , but if your government told you that you had to leave your home , does that blunt any of the crimes against you ? 
  does it really shift the blame ? 
  i do n't believe it does . 
  as for the rest of your comment , i agree wholeheartedly . 
  i 'm not upset so much at the ruling as i am at the double standard ( okay , i 'm also upset at the ruling ) . 
  because let 's not kid ourselves : if a precedent was really established today that it 's okay to defend your country , how many nations do you think will change their opinion of kosovo now ? 
  zero . 
  you know it , and i know it . 
  so , i do n't believe this ruling established anything . 
  what 's your point ? 
  what if your government told you to leave ? 
  does that make the crimes against you any less valid ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand your reasoning . 
  you 're right , but the problem here is that no one has taken responsibility for the expulsion of 250,000 serbs from croatia . 
  about 20 years later , and not a single person has been ( directly ) tried and convicted of this crime . 
  sure , hooligans , and other nuisances were charged , but what many people needed ( and rightfully so ) was a face to put on all of this . 
  many felt that for the first time * someone * who oversaw this operation was finally going to be brought to justice , and then were betrayed . 
  it 's frankly embarrassing for human rights . 
  and yet , when serbia tries to defend its land , someone always gets blamed . 
  why does croatia get to defend its land and walk away like nothing happened , when serbia does not ? 
  it 's really not fair . 
  some nationalists will tell you because the western world is anti-serb ... and as time goes on , and with shit like this happening , it 's becoming harder and harder to argue against that . 
  :( as someone from / r/serbia said about this :  the judgement summary : http://www.icty.org/x/cases/gotovina/acjug/en/121116_summary.pdf it came down to artillery strikes and their accuracy to determine whether there existed a `` joint criminal enterprise '' . 
  to je cirkus od suda . 
  i agree wholeheartedly that this has been nothing but a circus of a trial . 
  a sham . 
  i do n't downvote people i disagree with , so that was n't me . 
  i was n't even disagreeing . 
  in any case , you do n't need to explain yourself because i knew what you meant . 
  this is exactly it .
