  if two people enter an argument and someone calls someone an idiot and proceeds to explain why ... well , i do n't think we should be moderating tone . 
  so yes , i think it 's acceptable in that case . 
  depends on how much substance the post has , really . 
  yup , you 're right . 
  it ca n't . 
  which is what pains me , because when i move , i wo n't have the same one . 
  belgrade , ~ 20mbps at 7 $ . 
  i 'm going to have to disagree . 
  the context is absolutely there . 
  summarize the statement , reflect on your own negative views regarding the statement , and now try to argue for the statement instead . 
  seems clear cut to me , and an excellent question to get the mind going . 
  a moral stance on * killing * exists in practically every society on this planet . 
  it 's an incredibly useful skill to be able to put yourself in the opposition 's shoes , and try to argue their point . 
  debate teams do this all the time , why ca n't the students at eton ? 
  the point is n't whether or not the question is in the test -- it absolutely is . 
  what 's being said here is that the author is taking it out of context , which is exactly what happened . 
  the paper was linked to give context because the author of the article gave none . 
  do n't bother reading this article . 
  the comments on websites can be a cesspool sometimes , but this one says everything that needs to be said :  the headmaster of eton , responding to the furore on twitter , claimed that this was an intellectual exercise , based on machiavelli 's the prince , and was taken out of context . 
  it was nothing of the kind . 
   http://www.etoncollege.com/userfiles/file/ks%202011%20general%20paper%201.pdf  except that i 've just looked at the question and it is just as he describes : a couple of paragraphs from the prince , questions a and b which relate directly to the passage then c which is a follow question which asks students to apply the logic of the passage in a hypothetical case . 
  ( incidentally , part b asks candidates to say what they find unappealing about the argument . ), 
   in short , the question , taken in isolation gives an entirely false impression . 
  the headteacher 's statement is entirely accurate . 
  furthermore , the ability to argue for a proposition with which you disagree is generally considered a useful skill , demonstrating intellectual dexterity and imaginative empathy . 
   i notice you have just tweeted : `` i was shit at school debating because i 'd get too involved , refuse to argue against my conscience , and sometimes cry . 
  not mp material . 
  #eton ''  i 'm sure you think this paints you as some sort of `` ultra-compassionate / cares too much '' type . 
  it does n't . 
  it leaves you looking either a little mendacious or a bit of a simpleton . 
  there is a similar thing for belgrade , [ but only in video form ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zu_tkk9be0 ) . 
   the talk was in the context of the presented map and usage of cyrillic . 
  see ,  point in case would be central bosnia where there was no serbian ** presence through history ** . 
  like it means something . 
  anyway , my relatives do n't tell me anything since i 'm something of a black sheep in the family . 
  although , a fun thought experiment for you would be to imagine what bosnia would have looked like without the influence of the ottoman empire . 
  cheers !, 
  i do n't feel like arguing on the internet . 
  but i will leave you with this tidbit : history today is meaningless , so that 's why your comment was so lol . 
  go back far enough and that was all serbian land , all `` bosniaks '' were serbian , and if you go back farther still nothing was serbian , and there was n't such thing as serbs . 
  go back farther still and we humans left africa for greener pastures . 
  i was more amused by the word `` historical '' which revealed what you were so butthurt about . 
  never mind how wrong it was . 
   cheers . 
   point in case would be central bosnia where there was no serbian presence through history . 
  lol, 
  political candidates do n't imply anything . 
  also , we 're saying the same thing . 
  this is an argument of semantics . 
  if serbian did n't have cyrllic as the official script then languages where serbian is spoken would n't be marked with it . 
  it makes sense to mark rs with it . 
  the source was given on / r/linguistics : http://www.radicalcartography.net/index.html?alphabets, 
  yes , and those results show that serbs are a minority in those areas , so `` serbian '' is spoken by them and as a language , the official script of `` serbian '' is `` cyrillic '' . 
  i get that they may not use it , but that 's the line of reasoning here on the map . 
  perhaps they should have added an asterisk on the map to clarify this . 
  we do n't since there is no census yet , but probably enough to be considered a relevant minority . 
  it is n't what the serbs use in that region but rather the official script of the serbian minority that 's being shown -- which is cyrillic . 
  so the map is correct . 
  hey man , your personal choice if you do n't want to consume alcohol . 
  but there is a difference between drinking normally and getting wasted . 
  me neither . 
  seems like any wild party to me . 
  dude ... 
  i appreciate you sharing your story ... but way too much information , man . 
  freedom of congregation is n't a basic freedom . 
  i can think of a dozen examples where it would be perfectly reasonable to cancel gatherings due to obstructions , or things like ... the threat of violence . 
  keeping the citizens of belgrade safe from harm seems perfectly reasonable to me . 
  a lack of a parade is not oppression . 
   so yeah , serbia will hinder the progress of kosovo whenever it can . 
  serbia deems it illegal , and kosovo did n't split in a civil manner the way most normal states would by holding a referendum . 
  so you ca n't really fault serbia for doing what it 's doing . 
   the husband is serbia , not milosevic whom you brought up for no apparent reason . 
  serbia was not abusive . 
  milosevic was . 
  not like the albanians living in kosovo were saints either . 
   also , i remember once reading that your dacic said exchange of territories is a good idea but that the international community is against it . 
  the international community is a cesspool , and both your state and mine are pawns in their stupid game . 
  there are no friends or enemies at that level , only interests . 
  i assure you they do n't give a shit about kosovo , or serbia for that matter unless we happen to have something they want . 
   except that i 'm right when i go further back in history . 
  for serbs , when it comes to kosovo , history starts about the 13th century . 
  not true , slavs settled the balkans much earlier . 
  not that it matters , go back far enough and nothing belongs to anyone . 
  stop cherrypicking timelines . 
   serbia is actively promoting the obstruction of kosovo 's entrance in many international organizations . 
  as it should . 
   no one has , what are you implying ? 
  that the wife should go back to its abusive husband , because he 's saying that he has changed ? 
  not the best metaphor , but you get the point . 
  no , i do n't get the point because the metaphor does n't work . 
  the husband is * dead * . 
  things are fine . 
  if you 'll recall the protests all over serbia , we wanted milosevic gone as much as you . 
  using him as an excuse does n't work anymore . 
   and then we get presevo valley too , right ? 
  the region is not autonomous , or disputed like kosovo is . 
  and unlike kosovo , it is peaceful . 
   yes . 
  you 've just admitted to cherry-picking history . 
  your opinions hold zero value .
