  it 's okay , i think the best mod is automoderator . 
  very good points . 
  thank you !, 
   when did the cayman islands float into europe ? 
  i was just listing another b.o.t. 
  that has the same status as gibraltar that would be well-justified in selecting the u.k. .  do n't bother , the casual racism has put me off the whole thing . 
  please do n't play that card . 
  i 've tried to be as cordial as possible with you , but to claim that this is casual racism ? 
   you 'd think someone from serbia would be more sympathetic , but i guess that does n't expand beyond your own borders . 
  i 'm not sympathetic because you 're not fighting a war for independence ; the people from gibraltar seem quite content to continue having the queen as head of their state . 
  had i been alive , and the internet existed many , many years ago , i would have had to select `` ottoman empire '' for my answer , as serbia was a region within it , and did n't stand on its own . 
  i think that the original thought process behind it was that you 're either married or not ( question was about marital status ) . 
  and having a girlfriend is n't exactly recognised by law , so in your case your marital status is `` single '' . 
  something to note for the next survey , so thank you !, 
  although we should totally have a question in the future about whether you have a girlfriend/boyfriend . 
  given that we 're on reddit , those results would be either interesting or very depressing . 
  yes , that was one of the reasons . 
  none of the country fields are actually linked , so modifying one field means you have to modify all of them by hand . 
  and adding a new data point half-way through a survey is a no-no . 
  i did n't fob you off on fake technical details , i just did n't want to change something in a serious way that 's already been running , and if you combined that with the fact that it 's a tedious change , yes , it 's a valid reason . 
  however , since then i 've given it some thought , and decided not to do it for the reasons we 're discussing . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree about what the uk means . 
  to me , because gibraltar is under the sovereignty of the united kingdom , it can not stand on its own . 
  it 's not its own country , it is part of the uk . 
  it has the exact same status as the cayman islands , and just like any other british overseas territory ... 
  i 'm thinking about a region feature in the future , and gibraltar will obviously be in that . 
  but i ca n't in good conscience list it as a separate country , because it 's not . 
  just try again , your responses were most likely saved , and your session remembered . 
  i 'm really sorry that you feel this way . 
  i truly am . 
  i assure you that i 'm quite tolerant and respectful , just more ocd than anything else when it comes to categorisation . 
  please try to understand . 
  :( also ... 
  i know that you 're upset , but are you seriously trying to suggest that gibraltar has zero association with the uk ? 
  because that 's wrong on so many levels . 
   good to know that / r/europe is n't inclusive of either its citizens or its users . 
  i ca n't participate in the survey at all ; you 've deliberately excluded me . 
  sure you can . 
  you select `` united kingdom '' . 
  yes , i decided to stand by my original reasoning . 
  gibraltar is a british overseas territory , and does n't have the same status as certain members of the commonwealth nations , such as canada or australia . 
  i 'm guessing you wo n't be picking me for the last question ? 
  you must be british . 
  i 've remedied the answers available . 
  thanks for bringing it up . 
   you can edit your responses during the two weeks this survey is up , so feel free to change anything you change your mind on . 
  for those that are curious , from wikipeida :  the coat of arms represents a hand holding a sabre on which an ottoman turkish head is impaled . 
  it symbolizes the fight of serbs and the majority ethnic hungarians at that time , against the turks during the military frontier period and the military contributions of the population of kikinda during the austro-ottoman wars . 
   in 2007 , branislav bla\u017ei\u0107 , then president of the municipality of kikinda , asked for the change of the coat of arms , criticizing it for being `` morbid '' . 
  the idea proved very controversial , and ultimately the coat was not changed . 
  most critics of bla\u017ei\u0107 stated that the coat of arms is a part of the history and tradition of kikinda and so an important factor of the city identity . 
   you guys keep telling this bullshit to explain why nato intervened in the first place we really do n't . 
  and no one is using it as an excuse . 
  it has n't even been brought up in the media , let alone the talks between belgrade and third parties . 
  but the fact that there are natural resources , and that they 're controlled by the serbian side in a supposed sovereign nation ? 
  you 're deluding yourself if you do n't think that 's significant . 
  ( and yeah other places will always have more , and when it comes to something like lignite , only 4 other places . ), 
  i also love that you claimed that the resources are a myth and irrelevant , and are now calling it irrelevant when sources were brought up to call you out . 
  keep backpeddling . 
  we know kosovo is n't the richest piece of land in the world , but its resources certainly play a part . 
  how large of a part is debatable . 
  do you have a source , or do you love jizzing hyperbole ? 
  all articles on , for example , trepca , still mention it as holding considerable wealth . 
  for example , trepca still has a reserve of 60.5 million tonnes of ore grading 4.96 % lead , 3.3 % zinc and 74.4 gr/tonne silver , thus resulting three million tonnes of lead , two million tonnes of zinc and 4,500 tonnes of silver . 
  [ \\ [ source \\ ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trep%c4%8da_mines ) not to mention that kosovo has also been ranked as fifth in the world for lignite reserves . 
  same source . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
   why ? 
  for one , that could set a chain reaction in macedonia or montenegro where albanians could also seek a revision of borders , so they 'd be more in line with ethnic distributions . 
  and that would `` destabilize the region '' . 
  the irony here is delicious . 
  ah , the best kind of solution . 
  the one where kosovo is unhappy and serbia is unhappy . 
  and that 's not sarcasm -- i actually agree with you . 
  the problem is that the north is n't the only area of kosovo with a majority serb population . 
  there is a pocket in the south east too . 
  oh ... and uh ... there is one other problem that 's less talked about . 
  northern kosovo is where most of kosovo 's natural resources are , and unlike kosovo , serbia is n't a western shill ( though , we 're trying to be ) . 
  so letting serbia have sole control over that is n't in the us 's or eu 's interest , although , it 's not like kosovo has any control over it either . 
  kosovo , like bosnia , is pretty much a failed state until this gets resolved . 
   and overall i usually eat shit i find on the street so i do n't spend a dime during months . 
  what . 
  our finance minister is 29 . 
  perhaps they should be friends ? 
  i , too , like this one . 
  i know we 're not in the eu so it does n't show serbia , but the [ last 10 years have been extremely positive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_serbia#macroeconomic_trends ) for us . 
  that word does n't exist in the serbian language . 
  we all say \u0425\u043e\u043b\u0430\u043d\u0434\u0438\u0458\u0430 for netherlands . 
  unless holland is the name for it in another language ( like serbian , and others i 'm assuming ) . 
  stereotypes are fine . 
  just look at all the serious/no-humour german posts in threads . 
   if a joke is mean-spirited , the community is self-policing and will usually downvote anyway . 
  as for image macros ... they actually have n't been allowed here for a very long time . 
  to be clear , this rule is mostly meant for threads and not comments . 
  your example would be perfectly fine . 
   and what happens if someone breaks a rule ? 
  do they get warned ? 
  the comment/thread gets removed and that 's all , 99.9 % of the time . 
   so to clarify , calling someone an ` idiot ' in the heat of discussion would be frowned upon , but acceptable ? 
  i 've always left posts like that alone .
