  when voters go to vote , how can you tell whose opinion is an informed one ? 
  two people can read the same list of facts , but come to different conclusions . 
  it 's not wrong to be anti-eu . 
  how do you judge which opinion is an informed one ? 
   either ignorant or trolling . 
  please tell me how people on the whole always make the best , most informed and right choices . 
  exactly !, 
  why even bother with democracy ? 
  such a silly concept , am i right ? 
  so , you arbitrarily draw the line with a body of water . 
  the uk has much more in common with the us development-wise , than it does with my country , serbia . 
  therefore , it makes more sense for america to form a political union with the uk . 
  right ? 
  in case you have n't realized , every single nation-state has its own unique needs . 
  i do n't mean to be patronizing , but trying to unify that is a little ridiculous and puts strain on everyone involved . 
  just look at greece and the currency they were forced to use . 
  that 's because there 's quite a bit of confirmation bias going around . 
  people do n't see or ca n't conceive of other legitimate solutions because the eu is right in front of them and seems to be the `` obvious '' choice . 
  i mean we 've had the eu in one form or another since the 90s !, 
  i do n't claim to have all the solutions to europe 's problems , but i sure as hell wo n't jump on the eu bandwagon just because it 's the only thing there . 
  if you 're worried about this , then why not ensure the us keeps its end of the bargain on the treaties it makes ? 
  let 's create a political union that includes them too !, 
  as much as i admire the desire to solve these problems , i do n't see how a political union is the immediate and obvious solution . 
  i believe it can be . 
  do * you * believe the eu is the only option available ? 
  i agree with you in principle , but this can be done without the eu . 
  agreed . 
  one of the more ridiculous arguments for this i 've seen from / r/europe is the claim that since countries in europe have historically always been at war with one another , unifying them is a great way to have peace !, 
  i love europe , but why ca n't i hate the eu ? 
  i find it offensive that foreigners should have a say in what happens in my country . 
  thankfully , we are n't in the eu , and hopefully never will be . 
  not the op , but as someone from the region those are fantastic viewpoints that i wish more people knew about . 
  i love that as time goes on , more and more of this is coming to light . 
  for example , the biggest news that has only recently been reported by mass media ( and something that every serb knew but no one believed ) was that hashim thaci ( prime minister of kosovo ) has strong connections to organized crime and that he and the kla harvested organs of serbs in kosovo . 
  i 'm often reminded by something my history prof used to say about the balkans ( paraphrasing ) . 
  `` recall every major conflict in europe in the last hundred years . 
  how complete of a picture did we have the following years after the event ? 
  heck , we 're still learning new things about wwii more than half a century later !, 
  reserve judgement on the balkans for at least another 20 years . 
  we do n't have the whole picture yet . '', 
  absolutely not . 
  europe is not my country . 
  i sure hope not . 
  your britannica article does n't show anything , only that your claim is in dispute , which is what i 've claimed myself . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illyrians ) goes in far more detail . 
  and if you look back far enough you 'll also find that we all come from africa !, 
  therefore , we should all take back our african soil !, 
  what i said in my post , while silly , is true . 
  they 've both apologized to one another over certain massacres among other things , so things are looking up . 
  as for what we 're going to call the language ... well , that 's also complicated . 
  you see , in the balkans we always joke around about needing a translator to speak with one another , but the truth is that the languages are virtually identical . 
  some words are different ( like the names of the months , and other small things ) , but other than that the languages are completely the same . 
  it would be a lot like giving one of the many accents in britain its own name to distinguish its status as a separate language . 
  it 's silly , right ? 
  the only reason it makes sense in the case of serbia and croatia is that they 're separate nation-states . 
  pretty flimsy , but hey , that 's the way it is . 
  whenever i meet someone that can speak croatian , or talk about that region of the balkans , i always say that they speak * our * language , ephasizing that it belongs to all of us . 
  i never say serbian or croatian as i am careful not to offend , which is still sadly possible . 
  and i never-ever say serbo-croatian , as that sounds even stupider . 
  at least , i think so . 
  as for albania ... 
  unless the kosovo situation gets resolved , i do n't think we 'll ever see albania and serbia on friendly terms in our lifetime . 
  and macedonia/greece ? 
  i understand where greece is coming from , and am reminded of an excavation that revealed ancient greek statues in today 's macedonia . 
  when greece asked that these be returned to be put in greek museums , macedonia claimed they were found on macedonian soil , so they are n't going anywhere . 
  there 's lots of little stuff like this and i wish i could find the source , but stuff like this only exacerbates the problem between them . 
  personally , i do n't think we 'll ever see them on friendly terms in our lifetime either . 
  you 're referring to `` recent '' politics which go back a few decades now . 
  * today * , i would describe serbia and croatia 's relationship as that of a couple that 's had makeup sex a few times , and is now beginning to open up to one another once more . 
  they 're both damaged , they 've both hurt one another , and they 've both said things that they 've come to regret . 
  they do n't know if things will ever go back to `` normal '' , but maybe they do n't need to . 
  the important thing is that they 're trying to make it work . 
  their friends love to bring up their past , and whenever they do , serbia and croatia feel awkward and bad emotions and feelings surface once more . 
  they want everyone to just shutup , like they did with their good friend germany not too long ago , but it 's hard . 
  serbia and croatia both have their relationship status set to `` it 's complicated . '', 
   even though if history is right which i doubt it in both sides , albanians are first descendants of illyrians . 
  this is almost laughable . 
  anyway , i 'm genuinely curious ... where did you learn this from , or is it something that was passed down by word of mouth ? 
  cool story , but actually i was being sincere . 
  if it were up to me , serbia would never join the eu as i believe it to be broken and pointless . 
  cheers . 
  albanians in kosovo did never expel , kill or enslave serbs . 
  what ... ? 
  i 'm sorry , but this is ridiculous . 
  no , we lost . 
  it does n't matter if we killed the sultan , because what did we get in return ? 
  hundreds of years of oppression by turks . 
  i 'd say that 's losing . 
  thanks for not including us . 
  you wo n't find many guns in places like belgrade or other large cities , but instead near mountainous areas where it 's quite common to encounter a bear or wolf . 
  my family easily owns a few guns , but they 're all there up in the mountains . 
  villagers also keep a few for the same reason , and for celebrations , weddings , etc , of course . 
  if you 're interested , i clicked through the channel and found [ this video ] ( http://youtu.be/aionwheauum ) . 
  it 's the same show , only this time it 's in sarajevo with a younger crowd . 
  i 'm about 5 minutes in , but it seems a lot more civilized than the last one . 
  cheers !, 
  thanks for taking the time to write all that up !, 
  fair enough , and i understand where you 're coming from , however i think your example is very weak . 
  were you to present that quoted text to other people , i doubt that they would come to the same conclusion as you . 
  when i read your quoted text , it really does feel like a summary .
