  at least the first two of estonia 's are post-soviet . 
  i 'm ok with killing people , so go figure . 
  treating people as property would be my line . 
  shot at a different wedding . 
  they 're looking into and talking about things that , according to those in power , _ do n't exist _ , i.e. 
  should n't be looked into and talked about . 
  freedom of labour was conditional , it was n't merely between oneself and the employer , you had to go through official channels . 
  freedom of movement was conditional as well , you were free to move as long you did n't move too far from where you were supposed to be -- or to somewhere you were explicitly not supposed to be . 
  you snipped the part about the [ _ propiska _ ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propiska_in_the_soviet_union ) system , which is crucial in understanding movement in ussr . 
  tourism is a good way of explaining it . 
  as in all fields , there was a black market for it , and a gray market . 
  you could , in theory , take off time from work and simply drive to the seaside somewhere in the southern republics , but if you got into any kind of trouble , chances were that you got unceremoniously shipped to where you were supposed to live according to your passport . 
  offical tourism was , obviously , centrally controlled . 
  the resources were managed with the help of vouchers - each year , central committees got an amount of vouchers ( basically , all expenses paid vacations for x people for y days in hotel z ) , which then were handed out to lower-level party functionaries . 
  the vouchers were used to reward good work , or were handed out based of waiting lists , or -- let 's be honest , this system was as corrupt as all others -- were traded on the black market or simply used to send family & friends on vacations . 
  the vouchers came with a temporary _ propiska _ ; for the duration of your stay , you were officially a resident of the hotel . 
   `` partially a successor to the secessionist chechen republic of ichkeria , it was officially announced on 7 october 2007 '' you utter numpty , 
   so why do n't they vote for the communists ? 
  the communists are expected to do well in next elections ( for a specific value of `` elections '' ) . 
  the left-leaning part of the younger generation has no other parties to support , so the babushka crowd of die-hard communist supporters has been steadily supplanted with young activists that are less stalinist and more socialist in their outlook . 
   mainly because ussr started buying it from other countries . 
  ... which they paid for with oil money . 
  then the oil crisis happened and in 80 's ussr found that their agricultural output had atrophied to the level that they were n't able to feed the population without handouts from the west . 
  neither of which ussr had . 
   and chechnya was n't trying to get independence , small group of chechen islamists were looking to carve out a small islamic empire in the region . 
  i guess that 's why they wrote a secular constitution , then . 
  you 're confusing early 90 's chechnya with post-wars chechnya . 
  according to chechen officials ... other anti-torture activists . 
   for ussr stalin was amazing leader . 
  the whole ussr ? 
  no dissing marx , dude . 
  his analysis of capitalism is still the gold standard even after all this time ; comparing his work to hitler 's incoherent ranting is in no way apposite . 
  i do n't give a fuck about `` stalin 's country '' , because his strenghtening it involved dragging mine and numerous others through 50 years of shit . 
  the soviet regime also did away with the russian republic , both literally and by erasing it from public memory . 
  what 's wrong with wood floors ? 
  it looks more like he 's demanding to be promoted . 
  whether he 'll continue to run chechnya -- whatever his official role -- is n't even a question . 
  nobody can explain france ... it 's got a certain je ne sais quoi . 
  victoria 's reign roughly coincides with what we call `` rahvuslik \u00e4rkamisaeg '' , or [ national awakening ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_national_awakening ) . 
  no , i meant the facts . 
  read further . 
  ekre is a bunch of populist loudmouths who specialize in fearmongering via bullshitting their confused target group . 
  i am both a nationalist and a conservative , and i find both their leaders and their methods deeply disgusting . 
  the simple fact that the usual independence day festivities _ were n't nationalist enough _ for their tastes -- and do remember that we 're talking about _ estonia _ here -- so they had to hold their own tells you all you need to know about them . 
   christians in rome were persecuted because they have also rejected roman gods , does that make them atheist?xd funnily enough , their contemporaries _ did _ often consider them atheists . 
  the issue here is n't about existence of gods , or belief in gods , but _ paying proper obeisance _ to the gods . 
  you may notice it resembles a common accusation brought against modern atheists -- that they 're actively _ denying _ god , the existence of which is beyond doubt in the accuser 's mind . 
  the religious mindset has n't changed much . 
  opec must be up the shit creek to go for a deal with russia , again . 
  last two times it resulted in them getting shafted . 
  obviously . 
  live here for a few years , pick up third-graders ' level of local lingo , apply for citizenship . 
  when ussr finally allowed jews to emigrate to israel , shitload of people suddenly discovered their jewish mothers . 
  often to the astonishment of their actual mothers . 
   multiple dozens of governments list just _ one _ dozen . 
  but it was n't _ those _ ethnic estonians and latvians who , driven by herder et al , were the driving force behind the ethnogenesis that led us to where we are today ; they merely provided the backdrop -- canvas , you might say -- for their more educated peers to work with/on . 
  moreover , the introduction of national romanticism to our shores coincided with abolishment of serfdom , and there were plenty of non-serf natives even before that . 
  there 's a tidbit you might want to consider : during the genesis ( hur hur ) of our nations , estonians and latvians _ did _ share a common languague -- anyone halfways educated in both countries spoke german . 
  kristjan jaak peterson did n't learn latvian to study in riga . 
  it 's only when that common thread was lost about a century ago and we pulled back to mutually unintelligible languagues were the siblings separated . 
  what we have in common with finns is more ancient ( and , more recent ) . 
  what it boils down to is whether one considers languague the main determinant of cultural identity ( a common position among estonians ) , or do experiences ( extensive _ shared _ experiences , in this case ) have the upper hand ? 
  i 'd argue that it 's our similarities with finns that are superficial , we consider them brothers simply because we speak a similar languague - and estonians are blinded by our propensity to consider the languague _ the _ primary characteristic when identifying an ethnicity . 
  whereas with latvians we share many centuries of common formative past , especially the period critical to our national identities . 
  both our cultures are built on german foundations , whereas finns built theirs on swedish ones -- whatever survived from _ before _ plays the tiniest of roles . 
  every single step forward in our nation-building was matched by latvians at roughly the same time , finns were on a different track . 
  every important phase during our history we share with latvians , not finns - from northern crusades , through reformation to the arrival of national romanticism . 
  even the first books in our respective languagues were printed at roughly the same time . 
  hell , latvians started their song festivals just a couple of years after we did  my position is : finns are more foreign to us than latvians , we just do n't notice it because of the languague difference . 
  and i mentioned genetics : the genetic makeup that 's the closest match to ours are , indeed , latvians . 
  we 're _ literally _ more closely related to them than our finnish bros across the gulf . 
  that 's in case someone would like to claim our brotherhood with finns runs through the blood or somesuch . 
  ( disclaimer : _ saldejums _ and _ alus _ cover 2/3 of my knowledge of latvian ) . 
  yeah , but he 'd changed onto a political track much earlier . 
  that said , being a former fm has n't done the others any harm . 
  sticking a professional like her in a largely ceremonial position would be a terrible waste . 
  hell , i was annoyed when she became a minister . 
  edit : though i have to admit that having two ethnic russians in the cabinet has been a bit of a boon when dealing with the oppression narrative . 
  a few more months, 
   latvia and estonia more so . 
  hell , if you _ ignore the languague _ for a moment , and go by purely the history , culture , or , dunno , genetics ... there 's no question who our real brothers are . 
  a sizable chunk of the refugees in germany were non-germans , for example the millions of freed forced laborers -- many of whom had nowhere to return to . 
  add to that all those who escaped the soviet forces and ended up in germany . 
  edit : and by `` a sizable chunk '' i mean roughly a half . 
  2 months , 5 days . 
  i 'm talking about the `` why '' , not the `` what '' , in an attempt to show that the assumption those events were centrally organized is a shaky one . 
  allegedly ? 
  i tend to think simple psychology of crowds explains a lot more here . 
  we all know how stupid young men can be in large numbers , and in situations like this the pent-up frustrations , whether legitimate or not , are close enough to the surface that it takes only the tiniest of spark to induce the feeling of invincibility that lets the mob run wild . 
   these were organised and planned assaults any evidence of that ? 
  because stalin committed crimes back then , and putin would n't do anything that might cast a shadow on saint iosef 's unblemished record . 
  the same study found that 17 % avoid talking about `` sensitive issues '' with their families , 23 % with their colleagues . 
  from the available information it appears the assassins did n't know precisely what it was they were using . 
   investigate even more money laundering by the russian mafia , apply even more pressure on putin and his cronies same thing , really . 
  alien passports are for those w/o _ any _ citizenships . 
   pretty much all people have either switched to russian citizenship or left the peninsula because those were literally the only choices available for them . 
   it 's actually russian government not russians themselves , most of russians just get brainwashed . 
  they 're sovoks . 
  sovok is what 's left over when you remove someone 's intelligence , honour and conscience and replace those with soviet propaganda approximations . 
   ( - \u00f6 mening island , although it is a peninsula ) that _ might _ not be a complete mistake .
