  precedents work when the circumstances match . 
  russian propaganda has been busy trying to make it look as if they do . 
  they do n't . 
  edit :  the same lie russia is using now . 
  lie ? 
  are you saying that ethnic cleansing was _ not _ attempted at kosovo ? 
  or that kosovars would 've been safe when returned under serbian control ? 
  just because the russians go straight to kicking the table over does n't mean they play better chess   that stopped way before the referendum . 
  yes , but only because the serbian forces were literally taken out of the equation . 
   kosovo was a breach of international law international law allows for unilateral decisions in case of genocide , or ethnic cleansing . 
  basically , the courts said that as the kosovars were n't going to be safe within serbia , they 'd be better off having their own place . 
   kosovo is the pre-text that russia ( ab ) uses right now . 
  yes , and some even believe these cases are comparable . 
  kosovo 's case took _ ten years _ , and it was fought in courts by serbia every step of the way . 
  russian takeover of crimea took less than three weeks and neither courts nor ukraine were given any thought to . 
  no , because the serbian forces were killing the locals in their thousands in order to scare them away . 
  remember [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2icmmpxhriw ) ? 
  according to an expert , based on the pronunciation and languague use the voices ( apart from one ) do n't sound like they are from ukraine or even southern russia . 
  ca n't confirm to it 's validity , of course - i can tell apart estonian - , latvian - and russian-born russophones and i 've had some success recognizing people from st.petersburg , but this shit is above my head . 
  edit : oh , there 's also [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lny2t9mayto ) . 
  vague as fuck . 
  rogozin posted ukrainian ambassador 's ( to moldova ) letter to transdnistrian `` mfa '' and called him ... names . 
  cba looking up the actual letter , but tl ; dr was `` transdnistria ? 
  what transdnistria ? 
  if you want to talk to us about border issues , do it through chisinau . '', 
   exactly , that is why russia has the biggest community of tatars , and most of them live there and have their own state inside the federation called tatarstan . 
  ... which _ also _ had a referendum on independence , once . 
  nah , he was sprouting bullshit looong before the custody battle . 
  nope , annexation treaty signed on live tv , considered valid from the moment of signing . 
  that is - as of two hours ago russia considers crimea russian territory . 
   i 've expected crimea will be forever independent like abkhazia and ossetia umm ... that was off the table the moment kreml decided to have annexation as the first option on the ballot as opposed to independence . 
  i still have n't understood whether he 's just a paid russian shill or whether he 's _ really _ a hardcore stalinist . 
  one word : finlandization . 
  most do . 
   it would 've been the organization 's bread-basket they 'll have kazakhstan , so no big loss on that front . 
  ukraine being a part is about prestige , not economy . 
   sanctions are the only viable way to go about this , as you say , put pressure on the people who are propping putin up , and you will see change . 
  the people who are propping putin up are those less affected by the sanctions , else they would n't have supported his adventure in crimea . 
  putin 's played himself into a shitty corner by siding with the hardliners -- the chauvinists , the revanchists , the irredentists -- , because there 's no way back for him . 
  were he to soften his approach now , he 'd be risking a putch \u00e0 la 1991 . 
  they have to . 
  russian warheads have a shelf life of 10-15 years , which means their production capabilities have to be permanently employed to replenish their stockpile to the tune of a few warheads per week . 
  yes , kosovo met those requirements . 
  you 're weird . 
  seriously ? 
  i mean , you said they wanted to outlaw russian , and i said they did n't want to outlaw russian ... and somehow we said the same thing ? 
   first move of post-coup government was to outlaw russian language which indicated that discrimination of russians in ukraine is coming utter bullshit . 
  russian was n't outlawed , they merely sought to repeal a 2012 ( ? ), 
  law that allowed ukrainian to be supplanted with russian in a rather sneaky manner . 
  well , 't was the russian troops who did both so no wonder . 
  yes . 
  international law _ explicitly _ allows unilateral separation under the conditions kosovars found themselves in , to wit : removal of autonomy ( did n't happen in crimea ) , widespread ethnic strife ( nope ) , implicit threats of ethnic cleansing ( ditto ) and , may i remind you , thousands of kosovars slaughtered by the serb forces . 
  russian media has been pushing the omg nazis killing our doodz line in part to fabricate an appearance of similar conditions . 
  crimean russians _ did not need _ armed intervention to protect them . 
  hrm . 
  well . 
  putin is n't an autocrat , in the _ technical _ sense . 
  yes , he effectively has absolute power , but he has that power due to him acting -- much like a feudal lord -- as an arbiter between various groups with various interests . 
  that is , he governs with the consent of the governed , but the `` governed '' under consideration are a tiny subset of the actual russian society . 
  there are various groups that can be discerned using criteria like the one i described above ( some call them ` clans ' ) who control various aspect of both he economy and the state . 
  for example , the different security services ( gru , fsb , svr ) are controlled by different clans , as are the immense state companies . 
  putin , to use the feudal parallel again , sometimes reassigns different pieces of the cake between different groups to maintain overall balance . 
  and sometimes ... he punishes the obdurate . 
  if one 's power is derived from money , the money can be taken away ( khodorskovsky famously denied putin his fealty , so he was made an example of ) . 
  if one 's power is due to one 's position in the state structures , he can be relieved of that post . 
  things like that . 
  the strongest clans are those ran by the siloviki , basically people with intelligence service backgrounds who came into power and money after putin 's ascent , be it by milking the state or raiding oligarchs . 
  their main opposition have been those who , basically , think that ideological approach and revanchism are bad for business . 
  there used to be balance between those two groups for many years , but lately ... if the pragmatists were still part of decision-making , the first question on the ballot would 've been about crimean independence , _ not _ annexation -- because that 's a relatively safe , business-as-usual method they employed after the war with georgia , and the international furore would 've been over fast . 
  the fact that they went for actual annexation , and them likely deciding to go through with it means that those who have putin 's ear right now do n't give a fuck about what 's good or bad for business . 
  basically , the siloviki have convinced putin to push for a new world order and to make sure that russia 's status in that new order is superior to the one it enjoys today . 
   you make a technical point , that i appreciate and respond to , ... with an unrelated tu quoque . 
  look , it 's perfectly legal for crimean russians to move to russia if they wish to . 
  what 's not legal is to take a piece of ukrainian territory with them as they do so without asking the rest of ukraine for permission . 
  if such a thing were permitted , you 'd have any number of groups , however small , running plebiscites and claiming the right to do just that . 
  say , a random chinatown in an us city decides to join china . 
  or a pakistani-majority neighborhood in london declares themselves pakistani territory . 
  hell , chavs could set up their own republic in west midlands . 
  that 's just anarchy . 
  hence , international law . 
  as for :  and was it lawful or constitutional that a mob ousted an elected government ? 
  was it legal for russian forces to take crimean administration building , to depose of the former administration and have the local parliament ` elect ' a new one behind closed doors ? 
   see ? 
  i can do whataboutism , too . 
  for fuck 's sake , ukrainian governments are n't _ elected _ . 
  how long can people keep pushing that silly talking point ? 
   i do n't think [ . . ] i think nope . 
  that was a personal observation . 
  ask any hobbyist kremlin-watcher -- we can only see what 's going on in public and make guesses as to what 's really happening at the top , 
   and was it lawful or constitutional that a mob ousted an elected government ? 
  no one seems to mind that , in fact they are receiving support for having done it . 
  was that a constitutional thing that happened , and is happening in ukraine ? 
  whataboutism . 
  quelle surprise . 
  if you consider bad , american-tinged written english as a sufficient condition of being british . 
   so then if it is an autonomous region and through democratic process votes to join russia and by all appearance and indication outside of the vote also wants to join , then that it absolutely the correct thing to happen . 
  an autonomous region _ within ukraine _ . 
  neither ukrainian laws not international laws were followed . 
  international law _ does _ provide for one-sided separation , but crimea meet none of the requirements . 
  independently of what the people in crimea want , they ca n't simply walk off with part of a country w/o having a chat to the rest of the population about it .
