  really ? 
   the only difference is that qatar or ksa are western allies . 
  the difference is that these two have always been cunts towards homosexuals , so no changes there . 
  in russia , however , the legal situation is worsening . 
  places where discrimination is high but stable vs a place where discrimination is discernibly rising . 
  russia does n't get to go whataboutist over this issue . 
  the likelihood is growing . 
  russia 's vague threats of ` consequences ' every time the topic comes up in finland do have a tendency of provoking finnish _ sisu _ . 
  you do know that that _ independent nation and ally _ had been randomly shelling georgian villages on both sides of border for weeks , right ? 
  the same villages they 've now ethnically cleansed ? 
  scotland is a nation . 
  southern ossetia is a fictional entity run by gru . 
   the us is the only partner actually meeting the obligations of the treaty ahem . 
   i 'd sacrifice these countries if it meant protecting the others . 
  which others ? 
  the next set of `` border countries '' russia will drool over ? 
  is handing over some countries every few decades to calm the beast a sensible strategy in the long run ? 
  here , you forgot those : '' '' '' '' '' '' . 
  that 's what you do living next to russia . 
  learn to kill tanks . 
  hell , even our ied training focuses on killing tanks . 
  wait , someone 's got _ tanks _ ? 
   including people who were born in estonia and had lived there all their lives born to illegal immigrants . 
  the republic 's ability to process new arrivals was , well , restricted . 
   had to go through an application process to get estonian citizenship it 's called [ naturalization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naturalization ) . 
  it 's a common enough procedure . 
   whereas ethnic estonians were granted citizenship of the new state automatically bullshit . 
  my grandmother is ethnic estonian and had to go through naturalization , as neither her parents nor her grandparents had been citizens pre-occupation . 
  _ it 's about citizenship , not fucking ethnicity _ . 
   the application process for citizenship involved a series of tests , including estonian language tests , which iirc were , at least at the outset , fairly rigorous . 
  there 's still a languague test when applying for citizenship . 
  if you 've lived here since you were born and have n't picked up the elementary-school level of proficiency required , whose fault is that ? 
  ah , right :  people have to remember that in soviet times , you could get by easily speaking just russian , especially in majority-russian areas , and speaking estonian was never required . 
  it 's been nearly a quarter of a century since ussr went \u043a\u0430\u043f\u0443\u0442 . 
  learn the lingo or fuck the fuck off . 
   it took 30,000 deaths of lithuanian forest brothers to scare russian population for decades not to come to lithuania , if such choice was available to them . 
  or , y' know , it was because the leaders of lithuanian ssr were able to convince moscow that the country was better utilized for agriculture . 
  the mining and heavy industry -- which were the main conduits for bringing in colonists -- were less dominant in lithuania than they were in latvia and estonia . 
  it 's not about them being russians - there are plenty of estonian nationals who are ethnic russians , and there are more russian citizens in that foreigner slice than there are those with no nationality whatsoever . 
  those belonging to that last group are free to apply for estonian citizenship , and their children are generally eligible from birth . 
  according to census data , the share of those w/o a nationality has dropped from 12.4 % in 2000 to 6.5 % in 2011 . 
  also , eko_one is bullshitting you . 
  all legal residents are eligible to vote in municipal elections , as is the case everywhere in eu afaik . 
   in the case of latvia and estonia , the proportion of non-eu foreign citizens is particularly large due to the high number of ` recognised non-citizens ' , mainly former soviet union citizens , who are permanently resident in these countries bu have not acquired latvian/estonian citizenship or any other citizenship . 
  slightly wrong there . 
  people with russian passports should make up a larger share of those numbers than those with no citizenship whatsoever . 
  estonian census in 2011 , for example , showed 89k russian citizens versus 84k undefined . 
  that 84k is 6.5 % of population , down from 12.4 % in 2000 . 
  ach , _ that 's _ integer division . 
  simple recursion . 
  my bad  progetiiger is a nice attempt to introduce the languague of programming ( as in , not _ a _ programming languague , but the fundamental grammar involved ) at an age that has shown to be very good at absorbing foreign languague-systems . 
  the sooner they start to apply those maths and languague skills on solving problems the better . 
  it 's simple , really . 
  when you have a pointless manufacturing sector , inefficient agriculture and antediluvian infrastructure you _ have _ to find a cost-effective way to get ahead . 
  it was a future we could afford . 
   what ?? 
  most five year olds ca n't even read and write , and have trouble understanding integer division . 
  you do n't need to understand integer division to learn the _ logic _ of programming -- how algorithms work , etc. 
  we need to get the next generation to be able to _ think _ like coders , even if they do n't become coders themselves . 
  or -- if they do n't write them symphonies , they have to understand how they work and how they 're made  besides , 5-year-olds are pretty much expected to be able to read nowadays . 
  @ilvestoomas your move . 
  capitalists and socialists neck and neck with 529 and 506 respectively . 
  euro-federalists dominating over euro-skeptics with 537 and 200 . 
  / r/europe giving life-long monogamous relationships the middle finger , again . 
   for they have a way of teaching languages in germany that is not our way , and the consequence is that when the german youth or maiden leaves the gymnasium or high school at fifteen , `` it '' ( as in germany one conveniently may say ) can understand and speak the tongue it has been learning . 
  in england we have a method that for obtaining the least possible result at the greatest possible expenditure of time and money is perhaps unequalled . 
  an english boy who has been through a good middle-class school in england can talk to a frenchman , slowly and with difficulty , about female gardeners and aunts ; conversation which , to a man possessed perhaps of neither , is liable to pall . 
  possibly , if he be a bright exception , he may be able to tell the time , or make a few guarded observations concerning the weather . 
  no doubt he could repeat a goodly number of irregular verbs by heart ; only , as a matter of fact , few foreigners care to listen to their own irregular verbs , recited by young englishmen . 
  [ . . ]  in the german school the method is somewhat different . 
  one hour every day is devoted to the same language . 
  the idea is not to give the lad time between each lesson to forget what he learned at the last ; the idea is for him to get on . 
  there is no comic foreigner provided for his amusement . 
  the desired language is taught by a german school-master who knows it inside and out as thoroughly as he knows his own . 
  maybe this system does not provide the german youth with that perfection of foreign accent for which the british tourist is in every land remarkable , but it has other advantages . 
  the boy does not call his master `` froggy , '' or `` sausage , '' nor prepare for the french or english hour any exhibition of homely wit whatever . 
  he just sits there , and for his own sake tries to learn that foreign tongue with as little trouble to everybody concerned as possible . 
  when he has left school he can talk , not about penknives and gardeners and aunts merely , but about european politics , history , shakespeare , or the musical glasses , according to the turn the conversation may take . 
  [ jerome k. jerome , _ three men on the bummel _ ] ( http://www.gutenberg.org/files/2183/2183-h/2183-h.htm ), 
  nah , not necessarily a bad thing , but the ease with which projecting power into former colonies is undertaken is demonstrating a certain paternalistic thread still present in the state 's dna . 
   i was n't raised in a country that has a bad history with russia . 
  or , y' know , _ was occupied _ by russia at the time , 
  i 'd say french forces tend to show up in former colonies a tad too often , 
   soviet steamroller of yesteryear . 
  those days are long gone . 
  it 's not that they 're powerful , but that they 're unpredictable . 
  i 'd _ love _ to have a stable , modern russia on our eastern border , but what we have right now is n't as much a powder keg as it is a massive creaky container filled to brim with toxic porcine feces . 
  once it breaks , we 're in shit . 
   eu encroachment on its natural sphere fuck them and their natural sphere . 
  that 's the sick part of state nationalism as practiced in former empires -- they tend to see every bit of territory their cunt of a motherland had hold of in all of it 's history as their rightful possession . 
  brits have gone off it , germans and spaniards have gone off it , even the french are largely off it . 
  but the barbarians in russia -- egged on by the fucking state itself -- still consider themselves the rightful masters of large chunks of the world the populations of which want fuck all to do with them . 
  i apologize for the ` barbarians ' generalization in the paragraph above , as there are plenty of people in russia for whom civilization goes more than skin deep . 
  but they 're not in power , and have very little influence . 
  we 're already doing that . 
  it 's just tough to sort out those with actual educations from those who just bought a degree . 
  licence ? 
  it 's open source . 
  plus forex charges where applicable . 
  not when you subscribe to a screwed-up form of morality , no .
