  they still have a hold on the nostalgic far left who - against all evidence - still hold on to the belief that anti-americanism _ has _ to be a good thing , and russia is somehow a ideological descendant of the ussr so it has to be `` good '' side . 
  crimean invasion plans have likely been in place for many years . 
  apart from that , russian shares would 've fallen either way . 
  had yanuk had the guts to drown maidan in blood , russia would still have been on the same side . 
  yeltsin threatened to re-invade us several times . 
  our luck was in us being quick off the starting line and getting away while russia was still licking its wounds and had no energy for revanchism yet . 
   i believe that the interruption of perestroika , the absurd dissolution of the soviet union in 1991 created the problem, 
  not just stupid , nonsensical . 
  a ) join russia ? 
  the occupation government already applied to join russia . 
  b ) more autonomy ? 
  they already declared independence . 
  the new usb connector in works pretty much _ is _ lightning , samsung-style . 
  i think he 's referring to the golovatov debacle . 
  the short period of a brighter future beckoning between the czar 's abdication and bolsheviks fucking everything up . 
   if they want it . 
  i 'm sorry to say , but you should n't put your faith in russians on that front . 
  they have many , _ many _ wonderful people who 'd love to make it a better place , but vast majority of ordinary russians are content with bread and circuses the government provides them with . 
  at times , russia is like north korea . 
  with bread . 
  i 'm getting conflicting info - did they block \u0416\u0416 as well ? 
  [ here 's him debunking the first story just a few days later ] ( http://sinagoga.kiev.ua/node/4478 ) . 
  february he said the first story was made up ] ( http://sinagoga.kiev.ua/node/4478 ) :  unfortunately , there are forces who are interested in destabilization of the situation who wish to sow various types of provocations . 
  recently , some foreign publications have made inaccurate and sometimes even false and openly provocative statements in my name , or about me , regarding my statements on the jewish community of ukraine , the situation in ukraine and also defaming my name . 
  march 1917 to february 1818 would be a good candidate for feeling a little bit _ less _ bitter and cynical . 
  yeah , i should 've said _ influential _ . 
  two months ago . 
  word is that the founder was n't considered ` solid ' enough to run such a sizable operation in russia . 
  difference is , bbcs ` agenda ' sometimes conflicts with that of the government . 
  this ca n't happen with rt. 
  they still have their old editor , but their general director was replaced with a professional propagandist a month ago . 
   for years i was told by european redditors that there is no threat to europe not by easter european redditors , 
  nah , i did n't comment on the amount - afaik the cube root of the populations is a good rule of thumb to determine the amount of representatives required . 
  i was commenting on that number being _ even _ , allowing for 50-50 splits . 
  i ca n't even think of any representative bodies in estonia that 'd have an even number of members . 
   he was in kharkiv reportedly , allegedly , etc. 
   what you call unwillingness i call incapability . 
  phones , how do they work ? 
   once again , wrong . 
  he fled because he was impeached and the euromaidan rioters were calling for his blood . 
  no , he fled _ before _ he was impeached . 
  hell , the cctv footage of his loot being loaded on the trucks at mezhyhirya was from before the rada even voted on the restoration of the constitution . 
   citation required . 
  you keep claiming this , but every news article i find place the president within ukraine at the moment of his impeachment . 
  i never claimed he 'd left ukraine by that time . 
  his physical location is unimportant , his apparent unwillingness to fulfil his presidential duties is what matters . 
  that 's the problem with soviet ( and now russian ) elections . 
  they just _ have to _ rig even those election that 'd go their way anyway . 
  nothing left to chance . 
  or to the electorate . 
  i 've never understood why there are representative bodies with _ even _ number of members . 
  the difference is that we can watch what 's going on in rada on livestreams , and there are journalists with cameras present , while all we know about the goings-on in crimea is when a representative of the administration steps in front of russian cameras and reads what was decided and how the voting went off a piece of paper . 
  btw , i remember a scene from russian duma many years back when a photographer managed to catch 5 or 6 deputies voting for someone else on a single picture , 
   according to the constitution , a pm must be nominated and appointed by the president . 
  which he was . 
  as the president was n't present , or even reachable , his duties transferred to the acting president , i.e. 
  the speaker of rada . 
   you mean the president was fleeing for his life when a violent mob of rioters tore apart the capital , with the country on the brink of civil war and himself being impeached against the constitution . 
  he ` fled ' while the parliament expected him to fulfill his part of the eu-fm deal by signing off on the restoration of 2006 constitution . 
  he was impeached only _ after _ he 'd broken the deal and fucked off . 
  hell , it was n't even an impeachment -- the parliament merely interpreted his disregarding his duties as resignation , and merely accepted it . 
   the constitutional process was not followed in the removal of yanukovych , hence why he and russia claim he is still the legitimate president . 
  separation of powers . 
  the legitimacy of the government and the legitimacy of yanuk 's removal are different matters . 
  the old government stepped down and the new pm was appointed in accordance with the constitution . 
  as you 'll no doubt remember , yanuk had temporarily fucked off to destination unknown and was unreachable by even his own party of regions deputies so his duties -- _ including _ the confirmation of pm -- fell to the acting president . 
  the question to ask is how many mps actually voted , 
   an illegal change of government in ukraine wrong . 
  the government is legitimate , confirmed by the elected parliament . 
  the crimean administration , however , was installed _ after _ `` unidentified troops '' took the building , all `` voting '' following that has happened behind closed doors . 
  i was in an russian guild for a while back when i played wow . 
  complete and utter anarchy , but things had a way of working out in the end . 
  fun experience , i 'd recommend it to anyone . 
   as you say in another post ` communism ' is used to denote evil , and has lost all meaning apart from that . 
  i think i said that about fascism . 
  but -- let 's be honest -- my general attitude towards most of the 20th century is `` brown shit or red shit , shit all the same '' . 
   some people are inherently better than others . 
  in accordance with the ideas of nietzsche . 
  nietzsche did n't claim that some people are _ inherently _ better . 
  he said that some people are better poised to make the world their own based on their seeing the world as it is , not as it 's collectively imagined to be . 
  a sheep can become a lion were it to remove the shackles it 's keeping itself down with . 
  apart from that , there 's no point in deliberating over the theory of communism or fascism . 
  there simply were these two authoritarian regimes -- one eradicating people based on their social standing , the other based on their ethnicity -- who at one point found that apart from each other no-one else was willing to put up with their respective shits . 
  so they teamed up for a while . 
  just ask poland , 
  kiev city hall during the height of protests is n't the parliament . 
  source ? 
  after what soviets put them through before the war , cthulhu would 've been seen as a liberator . 
  they were cut off from all non-russian media after russian troops took the administration . 
  for all they know , fascists are rampaging all over ukraine and massacring peaceful ethnic russians by thousands . 
  goosestepping and kilts do n't go well together . 
   fascism and communism have allways been enemies , even before wwii demonstrably wrong . 
  there 's a _ reason _ why in russian historiography and schoolbooks the war did n't start until june 1940 , and that reason is that ussr and nazi germany were the bestest of buddies before they turned on each other . 
  the state languague is , by definition , not a foreign languague . 
   you 're aware that some russians have actually voted for svoboda , right ? 
  sure . 
  svoboda are state nationalists , not ethnic nationalists . 
  lacks barbed wire . 
  because comparison to sudetenland is valid ? 
  ... that article shows 4 .
