   granted , this is boris johnson , so expecting any sort of logic or sense is probably asking a bit much ... do n't confuse boris the character with boris the person . 
  he 's rather clever , hignfy nonwithstanding . 
  what 's a ` minority member ' ? 
  estonia : no . 
   we should renegoiate our terms , where possible and then have a vote whether to be in or out on the new terms . 
  if renegoiate not possible then a straight in or out . 
  straight in or out , then , because `` renegotiations '' will be possible only after the decision , not before . 
  nobody would want to waste time negotiating with a britain that wo n't keep their end of the deal . 
   mr cameron will insist he does not think it would be in britain 's interests to leave the eu but wants to return to a more arms-length , trade-based relationship with brussels . 
  it 's laughable that he still believes that this would be an option . 
  new terms that would be palatable to the rapidly radicalizing electorate would only be available after brexit . 
  edit : got ta love daily mail 's icon , 
   the coming election campaign will be , above all , a test of the maturity and realism of italian voters . 
  one could feel more confident if they had not on three occasions chosen mr berlusconi as their leader . 
  burn . 
  opendemocracy.net . 
  they may mean well , but the hyperbole is really off-putting . 
  how many of those are still around , though ? 
  it 's more `` retreated '' than `` came '' , as we 're not dealing with small definite populations moving from a to b. 
  pressure from indo-europeans pushed uralic languagues to their present , smaller habitats ( refugiums ) . 
  basically : it does n't matter _ when _ we moved in ; we were definitely here by the time the new guys showed up . 
  and in our book it gives us the right to some limited snobbery , 
  i can say it in estonian , if you want . 
  [ the city of london ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_city_of_london ) quote :  not to be confused with london . 
   running shoes are for running , and wearing running shoes when you are not running is the same as walking around with a sign that says `` i am almost certainly an american and i will shout at you about boring things '' no foam/rubber flipflops outside of beaches / public swimming pools . 
   germans have to choose ridiculously early ( around the age of 10 ) what they want to do when they grow up . 
  the choice is n't set in stone , however . 
  it 's the same story , just translated . 
  yes , the `` germans '' . 
  i rounded up for the ease of drawing the parallel . 
  it does n't help matters that back then `` german '' and `` estonian '' designated different social strata , not necessarily ethnicities . 
  plenty of ethnic estonians ended up germanified , and estonians eventually assimilated all rural german settlers . 
  socio-ethnic mobility , 
  it _ used to be _ germany . 
  russian stock in estonia took a massive nosedive over past century or so . 
  basically , mongols & tatars are to russians as russians are to estonians . 
  get it now ? 
  * tarbatu back then . 
  reform 's positions have become too malleable , political expediency rules over principles , down to putting off much-needed actual _ reforms _ . 
  i 'd gather most of us here have at least one . 
  i had family conscripted by both sides . 
  they were in disarray after their whupping in 2011 , so helme made them an offer they were n't in position to refuse . 
   2 totally new parties ekre is old rahvaliit with some helmes spread on top . 
  reform party used to be a respectable liberal party under kallas . 
  when he left , things got a bit muddled and they started morphing into a classical `` party in power '' devoid of any principles or ideals . 
  with ansip gone as well , the transformation is complete , they 've become comfortably entrenched , and their current pm is for the first time not an actual leader , but a born-and-bred party soldier who 's been assigned to run the government by those in power . 
  having the same party in power for that long simply is n't healthy for a democracy . 
  it 's the former people 's union , an agrarian party with sizable rural electorate . 
  used to be a major player -- last president was theirs -- but faded into insignificance when they failed to reach the parliament the last time around . 
  then a change in leadership and focus on quite extreme nationalism , and their return to parliament is pretty much due to their hoovering up the anti-gay vote this time around . 
   i remember kesk had a inner conflict in the party when pretty big names abandoned them in the aftermath . 
  you have a short memory . 
  they 've cleansed the party of anti-edgar elements several times now -- hell , the current head of social democrats started out as a centrist -- , that 's how the ( edgar-faithful ) russophone wing has gained dominance over time . 
   they pushed through very controversial same-sex unions . 
  only because of the coalition deal with social democrats , afaik . 
  in modern european sense it 'd be conservatism w/o the religious/royalist/whatever baggage . 
  the key fact to know about centre party is that it has n't had a change of leadership since its inception in 1991 . 
   i 'm going to ask this question : is charlie hebdo vilifying le pen ? 
  that 's satire , we 're talking about -- at best -- reckless endangerment of lives . 
  also , charlie is n't in power , and they are n't calling le pen an enemy of the people who deserves to be punished ( wink , wink ) while beating the drums of war . 
  politovskaya 's killers were found , but not who hired them . 
  no doubt whoever ( literally ) pulled the trigger on nemtsov will be found as well . 
   who is celebrating violence ? 
  have n't you been following runet today ? 
  as for public vilification , i 'm talking about things like [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aayvnrb.jpg ) . 
   three-dimensional horseshoe [ like this ? 
  that 's the literal translation . 
  the expression ` maskirovka ' is also used to denote a version of soviet spycraft . 
  just corbyn doing corbyn things . 
  maskirovka is a combination of brazen bullshit , spycraft and intimidaton . 
  chekists are people with their hearts in right places , but their brains in the third circle of hell and their consciences surgically removed . 
  you 're welcome . 
   russia gets a pretty decent trade , essentially giving back someone they had no legitimate reason to take in the first place for a genuine fsb asset/operative with considerably more value . 
  it was a cheap deal from our end - thanks to kapo , kohver 's employers , we 've got a surplus of fsb spies behind bars . 
  only an etymologist would consider that a biblical reference here , 
  there are different versions by different performers in different styles . 
  the trick is to not have flash installed in the first place , and use `` open with chrome '' add-on for the rare times you might need it . 
  they 're just looking for yarosh 's business card . 
  homeopathic knowledge . 
  the system of governance is soviet-ish , the city itself ai n't too bad . 
  he 's the kind of slick operator who does n't , officially , own very much . 
   the scale was rather small . 
  i 'd expect kapo to only include sums for which they have rock-solid , incontrovertible evidence . 
  edgar is the proverbial big catch , and they would n't want to give his lawyers anything to hook on to . 
  let 's face it , sentencing him for such ` paltry ' sums is akin to getting capone with tax avoidance . 
  edit : oh , and the case covers just some suspected crimes from 2014 and 2015 , and only first two months of the latter at that -- for 14 months tops , a few hundreds of thousands ai n't that bad . 
  you 're ignoring one crucial detail : rt does n't only spin news , they simply make shit up . 
  russian republic , 15 . 
  march - 7 . 
  november 1917 , between czar 's abdication and bolshevik coup . 
   to their own countries . 
  syrians into government controlled areas . 
  what about those who are running _ from _ the government ? 
   ukraine was promised by its western allies that we would intervene should someone try to violate its territorial integrity . 
  for this , it gave up its post-ussr nuclear arsenal . 
  and yet it was left hanging when it came down to it . 
  you may recall russia signed the same agreement . 
  one would think open internal borders would be the best thing to achieve that , no ? 
  it seems that last link was n't sufficient . 
  how about [ this one ] ( https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/mathematics ) ?
