  dammit ! '', 
  you assume these opinions have been formed due to targeted propaganda over past 6 months ? 
   many years ago, 
   lions are n't native to europe they were , up to about 100ce . 
  [ found it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ufmvo5lu58 ) . 
   `` people are starving here '' the proposition under consideration was `` children are starving here '' . 
  subtly different . 
   and in east germany , even after 20 years , this did not work properly . 
  that exactly was the lesson from reunification . 
  they 're not willing to repeat the same mistakes . 
   we agree that we disagree . 
  i can agree on that . 
  see you in some other thread , 
   this is not what i said no , that 's what i said . 
   this is not what lagarde said . 
  no , this is what she _ did _ . 
   keep downvoting if it makes you feel better . 
  [ i do n't downvote in threads i participate in ] ( http://imgur.com/ahzn9 ) . 
  again with the starving children . 
  that there are starving children in greece ( and is there anywhere in the world that does n't have any ? ), 
  does not mean that all greek children are starving . 
  it 's a massive , overblown attempt at emotional blackmail . 
  lagarde called the bluff , that 's all there is to it . 
  also , she ai n't no vampire . 
  no , of course not . 
  but seeing one 's children as victims makes it easier to see oneself as a victim , making one 's children out to be the victims enables one to represent oneself as a victim . 
  i remember witnessing a reprehensible scene only a few years back . 
  the usual -- a thronging crowd shouting abuse at a line of policemen just standing there , keeping things from escalating . 
  and there were a few mothers , with children in front of them ( on a school day , no less ) , pushing them towards the policemen and screaming , demanding they beat the children because `` that 's what you fascist cunts want to do , anyway '' . 
  and yes , i softened up the language employed . 
  it 's all about making oneself a victim via transitive magic . 
  because if you 're not a victim -- and you 're patently not a bystander -- then what are you ? 
  edit : sp, 
  they did n't elect a government that could address the issues , in fact they did n't elect a government at all . 
  and should syriza win on 17th july , they _ still _ have n't elected a government that could address the issues . 
  exactly . 
  think of the starving children . 
  look at the starving children . 
  feel bad about the starving children . 
  starving children . 
  starving children . 
  starving children . 
  it 's called appeal to emotions . 
  it has one purpose , and one purpose only : to obfuscate the issue . 
  why are the children starving ? 
  why are the public services failing ? 
  do n't think about that , do n't make me think about that -- oh , look , starving children !, 
  elected governments . 
  and re-elected governments . 
  and re-re-elected governments . 
  if you keep hiring shitty personnel , it 's almost -- and do correct me if i 'm wrong -- as if it 's _ you _ who 's doing something wrong ... 
  yes , china would _ love _ to rebuild a former competitor . 
  they 're all about competition , the chinese . 
  the best-case outcome for the scenario you envisaged would be greece as a wholly owned subsidiary of china . 
  or they could go to russia . 
  y' know , there 's always someones around willing to offer money to those fallen on hard times and desperate enough on very respectable and straightforward terms . 
  she 's countering the popular `` think of the children '' gambit by saying she does , in fact , think of the children . 
  bringing in your kids to gather sympathy points ( think of the beggars with small children or dogs ) is an underhanded tactic to steer the discourse away from the real issues , especially when greek kids are better off than most or their peers in the world . 
  she 's not taking the bait - good . 
  monitored ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  how ? 
  slippery slope argument . 
  wait , gibraltar wants to secede from uk ? 
   when i meet europeans , one of the most common things they tell me is that americans are unusually nice to strangers . 
  it 's often off-putting . 
  tell me what you bloody think , do n't just sit there and smile at me . 
   do n't tell greeks to build a moon base in 3 weeks . 
  nobody could do it . 
  it 's been 2 years , they have n't even started gathering rocket fuel yet . 
  ian hislop , on hignfy ? 
  think phonemes , not letters . 
  there 's only two there , 
  so it 's the quality of justice and the quality of law that attracts them , not the fact that under common law that quality is more closely tied to what one can afford ? 
   the world 's capital for international law is london . 
  ach , so that 's why all them oligarchs use uk courts as their legal playground , 
  [ common law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_law ) versus [ civil law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_law_%28legal_system%29 ) . 
  that they 're fundamentally different does n't mean one is inherently more or less fair , 
  it 's a ` stan in all but name . 
   from europe where most countries do not even have a jury system most countries in europe do n't practice common law . 
  in fact , afaik it 's only uk and it 's former colonies that do . 
  funnily enough we do share some genetic markers with asians that are virtually unknown in the rest of europe . 
  those suggest our ancestors via male bloodlines hung around in asia as little as 10k-12k years ago . 
  you can hardly fault britannica for picking up on those _ prominent cheek bones _ and _ eyes mostly grey and oblique _ , 
  also , catholicism . 
   also , what does `` doubting the capacity of a whole country to change '' even mean ? 
  this is a very racist argument to make , as if greeks are some sort of ape-people from a different planet , completely different from you normal human folk . 
  what i meant was that many decided to adopt a wait-and-see approach , hoping that the situation would fix itself , somehow , not affecting themselves . 
  and when the situation turned out to be worse than they 'd thought , they reacted with uninformed fear and hate . 
  there 's no magic wand , there 's no politician who can guarantee a brighter future with no sacrifices , there 's no free money and there 's no cabal out to screw the greeks just for the fun of it . 
  there 's just reality , and finding ways to cope with it . 
  edit : sp, 
  he also promised a return of pre-recession wages , which -- considering we all were living in a bubble back then -- is another example of silly . 
  the good times were an aberration , not the norm . 
  there are three basic options left now . 
  greece can continue on the austerity path . 
  greece can try to haggle for a new deal and the rest of eurozone suddenly finds themselves in the hock for more than they expected . 
  greece can drop the euro and try living in the ` real world ' . 
  which of those would be the best way to stress the urgency of the need for structural changes to greeks ? 
  this is where differentiating between greece and ` the greeks ' comes into play .
