  i think it 's livlanders , not livonialanders . 
  also , have you noticed we have people self-designating as estlanders now ? 
  they know what they did . 
  knew . 
  both latvia and estonia had above average bolshevik support during the initial phases of revolution - that 's what you get with high levels of literacy and industrialization . 
  the independence wars changed that . 
  finnish democratic republic . 
  it 's a tried and tested tactics by russia - set up an alternate puppet government , recognize it , then pretend you 're merely assisting the legitimate authorities . 
  the most famous case was probably poland during & after ww2 . 
  it 's russia . 
  if they did n't rewrite history every few years , they 'd have fuck all to do . 
  not border guard , internal security service agent working on cross-border smuggling . 
  not impossible , hitler 's diplomats tried to get poland to ally against soviets for years . 
  umm ... when the soviets invaded poland they were n't fighting nazis . 
  in fact , they were the bestest of buddies . 
  precisely . 
  you forgot / s, 
  nah , it was a great example of how we on different sides of eu can talk past each other when the topic is history influencing modern day , 
  tbh , what i meant was the red creep from the east . 
  uk and france dawdling is a historical footnote , and more often than not brought up in jest . 
  the `` stalin did nothing wrong '' crowd , however , are complete and utter scum . 
  there are , however , those who do n't accept that what happened was wrong . 
  and those people are cunts . 
  reminds me of the bronze night riots in estonia a decade ago , when some rioters ' mums showed up in the morning to apologize and help clean up the trashed businesses . 
  worse yet , we 're having another improper winter right now . 
  nah , swedish banks use estonia . 
  medieval town planning . 
  assistant who does the heavy lifting . 
   what ? 
  why ? 
  somewhere eu should have an end a.k.a. 
  russian border . 
  dup are hardliners except when it comes to a hard line redrawn through ireland , which hard brexit would result in . 
  also , it 's possible that even con + dup wo n't be enough for a majority . 
  meh , use whatever you want , m , dm , cm , mm or \u03bcm -- it 's just a question of precision and where to stick the decimal point . 
  the actual digits remain the same . 
  eu does n't much care _ who _ leads uk , as long as it 's a leader with a solid mandate and clearly defined goals . 
  hung parliament would , in fact , be the worst outcome for brexit negotiations . 
  edit : a leader with a weak mandate will feel a stronger need to score points off eu to improve his/her standing within uk . 
  i 'm pretty certain those 2 by 4s have really been 50 by 100s for ages . 
  no , `` meat '' is definitely what you can call it . 
  it got dark in the end . 
  they 're liars when they lie , silly . 
  no , putin , as quoted by nyt , is a liar . 
  you _ do _ know that media can quote people w/o agreeing with them ? 
  then again , it 's possible you do n't . 
  take note of which sub you 're in , taft does n't really qualify as `` early '' conservative thinker here , 
  photo was taken right after renovation a few years ago . 
  i 'd guess it 's a bit more lived-in by now . 
  rt is n't local media , its target audience are gullible westerners . 
  guess we have our answer - apparently they tried to coerce a local official to reinstate a soviet monument . 
  stupid games , stupid prizes . 
  klapzuba family . 
  white key . 
  liechtenstein has a quota , which when calculated as per capita , is roughly equal to uk 's influx of migrants at its highest post-2000 levels . 
  whatever they did , they were too blatant about it . 
  countries do n't like to expel known spies unless they fuck up - known spies are easier to keep track of , and they 'll be inevitably replaced with unknowns . 
   it is a debt that can never be repayed . 
  it 's been amply repaid by forcing two generations ' worth of eastern europeans to participate in their fucked up social experiment . 
  yup . 
  i was in the middle of writing an essay on newspeak when i registered on reddit , 
  what also helped was lithuanian leadership convincing moscow that lithuania would be best used for agricultural production , not mining or heavy industry - you did n't get as many imported ` specialists ' . 
  a whole generation passively learned german that way . 
  most of the free satellite channels were german ones . 
  if they 'd been french , we 'd all be speaking french  edit : i remember watching airwolf . 
  the text was pretty much blah blah blah helikopter blah blah blah blah helikopter blah blah . 
  a few months later i could follow the plot , in a few more months i understood what they were talking about . 
  hell , sometimes it 's just eugene . 
  whether a russophone chooses to latinize their name following estonian or non-estonian rules for transliteration is often a hint towards their general attitude . 
  think of the politicians , for example : jevgeni vs yana , 
  similar situation in estonia . 
  in 1987 the public was made aware , by a group of journalists , of soviets ' plans to massively expand the mining operations in estonia . 
  it 'd only have destroyed large swathes of countryside and poisoned our ground water reserves , no biggie . 
  plus , the employees for said mines would 've been brought in from elsewhere in ussr , so with them , their families , etc , we may have had the final push that would 've dropped the natives ' share of population under 50 % . 
  linking to paywalled article w/o also providing the text in comments is considered bad form . 
  and yes , everyone knows about the google trick . 
  still . 
  but ... it 's not 31st , is it ? 
  he drew no transistors all the time . 
  sorry for not getting back to you earlier . 
  apparently i did n't bookmark it , but the leak was one of the podesta ones , and the media outlet was ( russian mod-affiliated ) zvezda . 
  just to note : for obvious reasons , le pen did n't use neither her party 's name nor her surname in branding her campaign . 
  also , it 'd be advisable to not have cyrillic metadata on those `` french '' documents . 
  you do n't have to use a circuitous route to show collusion - at least once a russian media channel tweeted about a new batch of leaks minutes before wikileaks itself did . 
  surkov leaks were a thing , as was shaltai-boltai . 
  you do n't get that stuff on wikikeaks , though , or pushed by the usual gang of suspects , for obvious reasons . 
  i do n't think it 's just older people . 
  i slashed my calf in a forest last year with no bangades on me , so i obviously dressed the wound with a bunch of _ teeleht _ and a strip of cloth . 
  then again - as my wife keeps reminding me - i 'm probably not exactly young anymore , either . 
  do n't wear trainers explicitly designed for sports , or plastic flip-flops you 'd use on beach . 
  converse are alright . 
  you do n't have to live in those full time . 
  everyday maintenance and topping up a fund for minor repairs are usually included in the monthly bill , but larger works -- new roof , overhauling the whole facade -- take more money than that . 
  in that case the owners have to vote ( on a yearly meeting , usually ) on paying extra for a while . 
  some ca n't afford it , some ca n't be arsed with it . 
  it 's always a bother getting enough votes together even if it 's patently obvious that the works are needed . 
  as a cucumber . 
  or a justification for `` asymmetric '' response . 
  the big criminals rarely feature on the lists of criminals . 
  [ tu quoque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes ) .
