  but a drive to find scapegoats and nail them by any means necessary in search of absolution is silly . 
   full disclosure of how all this money has been used ( very important ) not doable . 
  let 's say you have salaries from two months on your bank account . 
  you buy an apple , and pay with a debit card tied to that account . 
  which month 's income did that money come from ? 
  it 's not being called that anymore . 
  because , y' know , we now have preliminary evidence of it existing . 
  do you use public services ? 
  all those days of hurt . 
   but people there are still leaving to work for sweden . 
  finland . 
  short and cheap ferry trip away , you 'll get home on weekends . 
  those who go to _ work _ there ( low five-figure number ) outnumber those who go to _ live _ there . 
  ddr . 
  social progressive , economic liberal , fiscal conservative . 
  for some reason i found mark fiore much funnier when i was an unrepentant leftist . 
   though i think an eu of the `` north '' could work well . 
  would there be a place for uk in it , though ? 
  one thing ... he keeps going on about ` social economy ' , but he never defines it ? 
   ( and will probably be not very happy about hearing that they 've not done enough ) they 've been at it what , two years ? 
  three ? 
  it 's time for them to understand that greece is so royally fucked it 'll take a generation , maybe two to fix it from the ground up . 
  big three , pigs , and ... the czechs . 
  there were more than 300 at thermopylae . 
  it 's all spartan propaganda !, 
  funny coincidence - i read this article driving past nea hora . 
  i 'd prefer estmark to estland , to be honest . 
  first , it 'd hint at our shared history with denmark ; secondly it 'd stress our status as a border/frontier state . 
  though i do understand the etymology behind est ( h ) onia . 
  what varoufakis calls _ bargaining _ , most would call _ blackmail _ . 
  following from the birth rates and net migration rate of past few years , it 'd take over 6 centuries for there to be ` like 5 people ' left in estonia . 
  whether this constitutes a ` problem ' or an ` issue ' ... your call , though i 'd say that the issue would have to get substantially worse for it to be upgraded to a problem . 
  we 've survived several potential extinction events in _ past _ 6 centuries . 
  we 've had wars ( a few ) and we 've had plagues ( ditto ) that nearly depopulated the entire country several times . 
  we 're still here . 
  this too shall pass . 
  did you read further ? 
   this recommendation does n't come easy . 
  nd has been practicing false democracy for decades , and it had it 's share in causing the current misery . 
  nonetheless , your country would be better off with a coalition under samaras than tsipras , who talks of a world that simply does not exist . 
  i suspect they 'd be backing venizelos if he 'd have a chance in hell of winning . 
  samaras is inhabiting a cuckooland like tsipras , it 's just that his particular brand of crazy is safer in the long run . 
   why the economist keeps on praising the baltics a :  the economical steps this governement has made have been very good and other countries could take note b :  the economist, 
  patience , grasshopper . 
  in baltics the pre-crisis gdp is held to have been an unsustainable bubble , largely driven by , ahem , scandinavian banks , 
  hyperbole . 
  emigration is an issue but not a problem . 
  for people reading the above post : hyperbolic whining is a popular pastime in estonia  we 're doing better than many , but our problem is living next to finland and sweden and seeing where we _ could _ have been were it not for the 50-year ... pause . 
  some accept that rebuilding takes time and catching up with the joneses next door takes even longer , others ... throw tantrums and decide the whole place is shit and always will be shit and why the fuck bother with it anyway . 
   he wants a slower/better repayment schedule and slower/more lenient reforms . 
  so he wants to be paid more for doing less ? 
  estonian : no sex and no future . 
  ( no grammatical gender & no future tense ), 
  they had n't officially asked before today . 
  no , british propaganda . 
  people wanting a giant germany , people wanting a giant france ... european history in a nutshell . 
  the word you 're looking for is `` manageable '' . 
   this is the money you could use to help your people . 
  the social safety nets held and government services were n't badly affected . 
  taking on debt should n't be seen as matter-of-fact , but a last resort held for times when there are real problems . 
  by your logic only running a deficit or perfectly balanced budget would be permissible , never a surplus -- there 's _ always _ someone in need . 
  how 's that a sound strategy in the long run ? 
  nice chart . 
  deficits in times of rising unemployment , surpluses in times of falling unemployment . 
  bubbles affect small economies more than large ones . 
  also , falling unemployment . 
  estonia _ did _ take on debt and ran deficits when the unemployment was rising . 
   gdp is still 10 % below 2007 peak the `` peak '' was a bubble . 
  ach , i know the feeling . 
  you 're talking about the two camps promoting and opposing greater political integration . 
  proponents ( federalists ) are traditionally led by germany ( and france ) , and push for more political , fiscal , etc integration ; the opponents , traditionally led by uk , wish eu to remain a free market only , with no further centralization . 
  feel free to compare it with the issue of states ' rights versus the federal government in us . 
  more general xenophobia than outright racism . 
  we wo n't see a change of heart under the current government , but next elections in 2015 will likely bring social democrats to power for the first time . 
  fyi , the president was a social democrat , so the essay mirrors their thoughts as well . 
  also , in current economic climate it 's difficult to project such comparatives as `` richer '' 5 or 10 years into the future . 
  but we ran deficits in 2008 & 2009 which make up 2/3 of the graph , and will do so again in 2012 . 
  just the usual -- structural funds and cohesion fund as per eu regional policy , mentioned in the op , btw . 
  nothing to do with eurozone . 
  do keep in mind that access to those funds has n't kept numerous others from debt . 
  being a net contributor within eu is a matter of status . 
  once we 're there , we 'll _ really _ have something to brag about , 
   it actually really irritated me when i found out that estonia/slovakia is supporting greece . 
  why ?? 
  our duty as eurozone members . 
  estonian deficit missing from the graph ? 
  germans ' liking hasselhoff is the very definition of lulz . 
  they 're colletively taking the piss . 
  eventually . 
   200,000 refugees that 's the bias . 
  you 're not counting ethnic turks who were forced out of their homes in the south during the conflict as refugees . 
  indeed . 
  regime change , not annexation . 
  about people 's right to autonomy : southern ossetia and abkhazia were offered same deals as adjaria - autonomous republic within georgia . 
  ... and which part of this argues against anything i wrote ? 
  it matters . 
  first , you can keep an eye on nukes on the ground . 
  second , nukes on subs expand your potential nuking range by ... a lot . 
  i imagine redditors all over europe staring at a map of poland and going : `` no . 
  maybe ... no .
