  i mean ... seriously ? 
  when the crisis hit , greece 's debt started growing at a much higher rate than italy 's . 
  it 's as if the government 's only reaction to the crisis was to borrow more . 
  which it , technically , was . 
  we do those things online . 
   you can sign contracts online with it , but that would require a chip reader and i 've never heard of a family that has one . 
  pretty much everyone here has one . 
  they were handed out by banks for free during the early years , and can still be bought from any branch for a few euros . 
  that said , we use them less and less ... because many now use already-connected sim cards with some added crypto as ids . 
  in practice it just means that your phone turns into a keypad if you want to identify yourself online . 
  you try to log in on a website , the server asks the state `` is this dude who he says he is ? 
  '' , the state asks your phone `` did you want to log on that server ? 
  '' , you enter your pin , the state tells the server `` yeah , he 's cool '' . 
  dunno where you got 36 % from , last census in 2011 showed ( self-identified ) estonians at 69.7 %  `` former russians '' is a weird expression . 
  we just call them russophones , i.e. 
  people ( of many ethnicities ) whose first languague is russian . 
  there 's all kinds , there 's plenty who still think that independence is a temporary aberration and the `` normalcy '' of russian rule will return soon enough , but most have adjusted and are getting on with their lives . 
  more and more of them are better and better integrated every year , and we 're trying to bring the last of the resisters out of their self-imposed ghettoes . 
  oh , and some lock themselves out from the wider society willfully , by refusing to learn the `` dog languague '' despite having lived here for generations . 
  hell , nearly all baltic germans had a good command of estonian languague even _ before _ we first became independent in 1918 . 
  there are stories about baltic german officers in imperial russian army ( for example ) using it between themselves to keep the content of their discussions secret  thing is , estonians are nationalists -- but it 's largely cultural nationalism , not ethnic nationalism ( we 're mongrels ) , or state nationalism ( have n't had one for long ) , or whatever . 
  and our culture is centered around our languague . 
  so what makes someone `` estonian '' can be hard to say . 
  there are plenty of estonians who do n't have estonian parents , for example -- but they live here , they speak estonian , and sometimes that 's good enough . 
  which 36 % ? 
  as for whether it 's bad ... yes . 
  i can only speak for estonia here , but we 've weathered several injections of foreigners in the past . 
  germans , swedes , russians , many others were quietly assimilated over the centuries with no trouble , because there were n't that many of them at one time . 
  i 'd say it 'd be quite impossible to find a `` pure '' estonian , everyone here has some foreign blood in them from centuries past -- mine , for example comes from russian old believers ( at least ) . 
  but back to the topic ... what happened in 20th century was quite different in scale . 
  firstly , the ability of the society to cope with the influx was overwhelmed ; secondly , the colonists were supported by a massive foreign state apparatus that literally gave them preferential treatment . 
  ; thirdly they were , technically , the majority in the ussr so the state was expecting everyone within it to become russians instead . 
  we 'd had a case of erstwhile herrenvolk losing their position before -- in the very beginning of 20th century when the baltic germans went through it . 
  that was a great success , but there were fewer of them by nearly two orders of magnitude . 
  this time it 'll take much , much longer . 
  no , the ossets crossed the mountains into georgia much earlier , in middle ages . 
  best example of `` ethnic deportations '' in the region would be relatively recent 2008 , when ethnic georgians ( roughly 2/3 of the population ) were driven out before , during and after the war . 
   russia is n't stupid . 
  thing is , that no longer seems to be the case . 
  political infighting has cost the elite some of their best minds over past few years . 
  hell , even the quality of their propaganda has gone down the shitter . 
  with countries like , say , iran , you can relatively safely assume a rational self-interest guiding their actions , whereas russia has become way , way too random for comfort . 
   however , having independent scotland and catalonia would be unprecedented meh , just go back a few centuries . 
   what i meant to say was that it was the first athiest state . 
  right , and north korea is democratic . 
  ussr had a state religion in all but name . 
  them moving against established religions was n't led by some atheistic idealism , or even secular ideals -- they were simply eliminating competition to their own relentless indoctrination . 
  think exodus 20:3 . edit : to understand what i mean think of juche , as an example of same thing taken even further . 
  or ponder on whether the revolutionary zeal of the hongweibing was in any way different from the religious fervour of any random zealot . 
   my parents lived in the soviet union and both are athiests when both families have a history of being christian . 
  they did n't suddenly decide to become athiest on their own accord . 
  religions are n't hereditary , they 're acquired by exposure to practice of religion . 
  your parents simply grew up in a society in which certain public aspects of certain religions were suppressed . 
  that does n't mean they did n't get indoctrinated , however -- from reading your comments in this thread i 'd say they ( likely unknowingly ) passed plenty of soviet hagiography on to you , 
   the soviet union was the first state to have , as an ** ideological objective ** , the elimination of religion and its replacement with universal atheism . 
  rtfa . 
   the ussr was the first state to eliminate religion and replace it with universal atheism did n't happen . 
   better than colonising nations and slaughtering innocents without an excuse to do so . 
  wait , do you claim ussr _ did n't _ do that ? 
  i do n't think we have ( m ) any jokes about latvians . 
  well , apart the one from you guys having twelve toes , but that 's just a biological fact and not a joke . 
  he 'll just have to get the shot in from distance , h\u00e4yh\u00e4-style . 
  meh , we 're just bored . 
  the southerners ( that is , latvians and lithuanians ) just bloody talk for ages and ages about something that could 've been said in a few words . 
  efficiency \u00fcber alles !, 
   are you still talking about crimea ? 
  check my flag . 
   texas [ . . ] michigan and alabama same languague , same cultural background . 
  how is that even comparable ? 
  outside of russia , i.e. 
  _ non-russian _ countries held by ussr . 
  how 'd you feel if you woke up one morning and a hundred million chinese immigrants had suddenly shown up ? 
  if the state demanded you speak chinese if you want to get by ? 
  if the signs were in chinese ? 
  if the officials only spoke chinese ? 
  [ ethnic groups ( 1897 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimea ) * 33.11 % russians * 11.84 % ukrainians * 35.55 % crimean tatars gosh , i wonder what happened ? 
  israelis and russians are often lumped together , seeing as a large share of the former are , technically , the latter . 
   then you kind of lose all moral arguments in having it can crimean tatars also play this game ? 
   btw , you are n't doing those god-awful politics of ukrainization there , are n't you ? 
  do n't you know it 's bad , mmmmkay ? 
  or is it bad only when ussr is doing it ? 
  the difference is that russification was practiced _ outside _ of russia . 
  do as i say , not as i do . 
  in last [ bugle ] ( http://thebuglepodcast.com/ ) andy zaltzman said italians re-electing berlusconi now would be `` like getting another blow-job off the same crocodile with your eighth consecutive penis '' . 
  different how ? 
  edit : ach , i see what you mean . 
  i have no beef with immigrants who go for citizenship . 
  `` illegal immigrants '' was a technical term , not a value judgment , as the next sentence -- that you omitted -- shows . 
  they speak estonian , they live in estonia . 
  estonians in my book . 
  who their parents were is a secondary consideration . 
  ... and [ royalty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_xiv_john_of_sweden ) . 
  it 's so easy to deflect criticism by finding some assbackwardistan that 's doing even worse . 
  that 's a shit conversational strategy , though . 
  if you 're a runner , you do n't compare your track times to those of the fat kid on the bench , or you might become to believe that beating him is enough . 
  you compete with the best , and work on beating _ them _ . 
   mezhdu prochem , ya ne vizhu gde u nas chernih vzdergivali no ya uveren shto attaki na immigrantov slutchautsa . 
  ach , you 're too young . 
  whataboutism , _ tu quoque _ , google those , 
   well , switzerland , the darling of reddit , is specially designing camps for the immigrants that go into it , specifically the asylees .
