  you can vote against oxygen all you want , the alternatives are n't going to keep you alive for long . 
   should n't that stuff be in the public domain by now ? 
  the music is . 
  the performance is n't . 
   ability to compromise will be required . 
  new elections it is , then . 
  it 's their round-up of opinions from german-languague media as they usually do after major news . 
  where 's the propaganda , btw ? 
   this will happen with 100 % certainty , not only because they round up prices but also because they must print new menus and price tags and know everybody else is rising their prices too . 
  we had that kept in check somewhat by requiring prices to be shown in both currencies for a certain period before and after the switch . 
  it 's easier to cheat when you swap the price tags from 10 muc to 2.5 eur than when you swap them from 10 muc to 2.5 eur ( 12 muc ) . 
  a single colour for 46 % -49 % , more like . 
   the italian election , in which more than half of voters backed two comedians in the form of silvio berlusconi and beppe grillo ... love it . 
  hell no . 
  being impartial is what i do from 9 to 5 . 
  reddit is my place to be an opinionated know-it-all . 
  a few years back . 
  combining old and new is an artform in itself . 
  wiedervereinigung has brought some improvement , but the reconstruction effort overall seemed to have been rather tasteless . 
  possibly because of ... reasons . 
  dresden has a dearth of architecture , because of ... reasons . 
  people should stop using google translate for articles . 
  parts of the text do n't even make sense . 
  there 's just 1 of you , though . 
  you 're scared of propaganda , that 's understandable . 
  but i 'm talking about the fuckwits who honestly believe in the bendy banana level of bullshit and the cunts who spread it . 
  y' know , eejits and liars . 
   to have civil servants monitoring citizens party political opinions in detail and trying to change them how about civil servants having a go at washing off some of the more obvious bullshit ? 
  because that 's what quite a few of those `` opinions '' are based on . 
  just for you : [ the grocer 's girl : thatcher 's hometown prefers to forget its famous daughter ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/hometown-of-thatcher-has-mixed-feelings-about-its-famous-daughter-a-880790.html ) , 
  necessity is the mother of invention . 
  i remember large amounts of cars and buses being converted to run on natural gas back in late 80s/early 90s when petrol was scarce . 
  or as estonians see it : how the hell did we manage to drop 8 places this year ? 
  ( shared # 3 w / netherlands in 2011/2012 ), 
  whoa . 
   they were convicted under a bullshit blasphemy law there is no `` blasphemy law '' in russia . 
   they broke into a restricted part of the church as in , stepped over a low barrier . 
   refused to leave when told to by the actual owners were escorted out when security showed up . 
  by the way , do you even know who owns the church ? 
    copycats tried the same thing in germany and are now facing the possibility of 3-year prison charges unlike the 2 year ones in russia . 
  they did it _ during a service _ , different set of rules applies . 
  also , pussy riot faced 7 years in prison . 
   public group sex in musems and grocery stores with children present , sexual assault , throwing urine at police officers , hijacking public transport , vandalism in the subways , intrusion of private property ( numerous ) , interference with the duties of a police officer , releasing 4000 cockroaches in court buildings , attempted breaking and entering into russian parliament etc etc. 
  they were n't convicted for any of those things , they were convicted for singing and jumping around in a church at a time when no service was taking place . 
  what you 're trying to do -- and it 's painfully transparent -- is to pile up everything they ( and their acquaintances ) have done to show that they are bad girls and deserve punishment , ignoring the fact that what they actually were convicted for was less than a minute of minor disturbance of peace that only affected a couple of babushkas . 
  what are the grey areas ? 
  ancestral homelands / potential future territorial claims ? 
  both them and the aforementioned moron are members of the same danish national church . 
  we 're not dealing with different religions here , not even different branches of the same religion . 
   they ask for a priest following a specific doctrine , you moron !, 
  too specific , that 's his point . 
  what 's good enough for danish national church apparently is n't good enough for them . 
  ... and the vicars ' union points out possible religious discrimination . 
  i literally loled . 
  thanks . 
  neither have gone anywhere . 
  picking a german car with british roots might well have been intentional . 
  twin capitals with avignon ? 
  might as well speak italian , then . 
  plenty of cretans have told me the deal was supposed to be for a century only , 
  funnily enough , no clue whatsoever . 
  i _ know _ i 've seen that flag before , but ca n't for the life of me remember where or when . 
  it 's neither seto nor v\u00f5ru , who 'd be the most likely culprits in the area - and the ` separatist ' region covers both of their territories . 
  film legend bardot has never been to a russian zoo . 
   thing is that many protests end in arrests in western europe too . 
  read up on strategy 31 . 
  blocking another treaty that everyone is ready to enter into freely , eyes open , can . 
  quite . 
  what i was sleepily trying to allude to with `` referenda '' is that there 's a pattern emerging , what the diplomat quoted in the article aptly describes as blackmail . 
   if europe wants to renegotiate the terms on which the uk signed the lisbon treaty , then i am sure the uk will listen but until the renegotiation is completed , the deal 's - the deal , unless i 'm missing something . 
  you 're missing the detail that the option of opt-outs was only offered in exchange for uk not going for a referendum . 
  i know we 're dealing with different referanda here , but cameron can choose to placate his detractors with either the opt-outs _ or _ the referendum now , not both . 
  no wonder some swiss took kindly to his words . 
  their `` neither in nor out '' enclave status looks shakier than before , so native euroscepticism is on the rise . 
   the influence point may well be false because the germans may have it all so stitched up now that the uk has no meaningful influence on the inside . 
  tell me , what was uk doing while the germans were busy `` stitching it up '' ? 
  general aloof wankery on the sidelines , from pointless grandstanding to hysterical handwringing . 
  germans were making friends and building alliances while the brits threw hissy fits over nobody accepting their leadership as if actually going out and working for it were somehow below them . 
  it 's not bloody commonwealth , being listened to is n't their fucking birthright . 
   the british might just as well bugger off because they will have just as much influence on the out as they have on the in , which is none . 
  and whose fault is that ? 
  there used to be a core of three major powers in eu . 
  nobody but uk itself pushed them out of the triumvirate . 
  the leadership of non - $ decade was theirs for the taking as late as only a year ago . 
  did they take it up ? 
  did they fuck . 
  or just this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhrdfut2vx0, 
  tbh , i ca n't even remember seeing your username before today . 
  if there 's an impression of stalking then you must 've been writing comments that invite me to reciprocate , 
   wow , you really do everything you can to answer every single comment i write , do n't you ? 
  wait , what ? 
  edit : as to your question -- from browsing his ( unauthorized , afaik ) biography a while back i seem to remember him being enrolled in `` priest pre-school '' at 12 , and him having made his mind up by the time he was 16 . 
   the pope gave up any family life in order to devote his life to god . 
  and i gave up competitive tapdancing to spend more time on reddit . 
  ratzinger gunned for priesthood from early teens . 
  sacrificing something that 's never even been under consideration ( especially as it 'd indicate a complete failure ) is a sacrifice in name only . 
  that someone being a stalinist-chinovnik . 
  estonia : j\u00f5uluvana , literally yule-elder . 
   we do n't just ban things because they 're nasty or inconvenient or we do n't like them . 
  gay marriage ?
