  think of those young people as second-generation immigrants . 
  they lack the first-hand experience of what drove their parents to `` emigrate '' , but they 've heard a lot of good things about the ` old country ' . 
  we do n't , they do . 
  it partially went through it with the breakup of ussr , still ways to go . 
  people tend to not see the colonial aspect of russia due to their colonies being territorially adjacent to the heartland . 
  no worries , i 'd have gone with germany anyway . 
  common germanic heritage . 
  that 's why i expect a managed two-phase coup . 
  a patsy putsch to take the blame , and the second phase to restore order once the first one has served its function . 
   i 'm so eager to see how russia chooses to fail next . 
  they 'll have a two-phase coup in short-to-medium future ; first phase to kill putin , second phase to punish those who killed the beloved leader . 
  this has a shitload of failure points and has to be managed with extreme care . 
  best outcome would be a face-saving way to normalize the relationship with the west while keeping vast majority of those in power in power . 
  worst outcome is the patsy coup succeeding beyond expectations , in which case ... fuck . 
  1 rubber glove = 5 condoms . 
  soviet occupation , mass population transfers . 
  had they had 20 more years , we 'd have been a minority . 
  _ rumoxidieren _ , lol . 
  just do n't show him [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8wl1ar7iqo ) . 
   could you really blame russia for helping crimean people considering that have happened in eastern ukraine after they tried to exercise their right to self-determination without the same amount of support which russia gave to crimean people ? 
  timelines , you 're doing it wrong . 
  though that was ~ 17 years ago , things must 've changed a lot . 
  commenters here seem to have ignored the second part of his quip - russia is yet to return some of the items they removed for ` safekeeping ' and whatnot . 
  and it 's not about a few items of historic import that are hidden in some basement in russia ( though there are those as well ) , but often whole collections of art , or whole archives of documents . 
  eu -  ue , nato -  otan ... is french simply trolling ? 
  might 've been tajikistan or kyrgyzstan . 
  or even mongolia . 
  i 'd say you got the soviet influence all wrong . 
  how did he imagine greece would 've been able to maintain the peg ? 
  simple , have ukraine issue them visas . 
  just ask ... finland did . 
  alphabetical order , top to bottom . 
  just a warning - the last time this particular dickwaving contest came about , we established that estonia issued first eid cards a full year earlier than austria , 
  many bothans died . 
  nah , that does n't work . 
  not in the short run , no . 
  but at least now there 's a chance . 
   there 's always a way to guarantee reforms . 
  there 's always a way to roll back reforms . 
  unless ez can be reasonably certain -- at some point in the future -- , that successive greek governments have broken the habit of choosing the path of least resistance , we need something to ensure compliance . 
  yes , i know how it sounds . 
   greece is running a surplus right now they were , technically , before syriza came in . 
  we do n't know yet about _ right now _ . 
  ending capital controls does n't help greek economy ? 
   the only way to save the euro is debt forgiveness for greece . 
  and then in another few years , greece will need another debt forgiveness . 
  basically , ez leaders believe that without the debt hanging over them like the sword of damocles , there 's no way of getting financial propriety out of greece . 
  one _ could _ , but one should n't , unless one assumes that these crucial roles are n't supported by expert advisers . 
  too narrow a specialization can lead to myopic approach - varoufakis again . 
  as a rule of thumb -- if you 're clever enough to gain a good degree from a reputable university , you 're generally considered good enough to deal with anything in non-academic fields , provided your team is competent . 
  i mean , i worked under a minister of defense who had a degree in _ literature _ , and he was extremely good at his job . 
  they 're just not very good at it . 
  austerity is failing in greece because they 've been taking too bloody long implementing it , all the while bleeding money . 
  reforms that should 've been agreed upon and applied in months have taken _ six fucking years _ . 
  edit : five fucking years -  six fucking years . 
  greece is an ez member as well ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/post-2008_irish_economic_downturn they 're one of the austerity countries . 
  most of the bottom half in that table are . 
  we saw what an expert can do with the fish out of water that was varoufakis . 
  in the politics ( as in business ) your front line needs to have capable managers and negotiators , the experts stand a step back , safely in the trenches , and feed them ammo . 
  a significant part of the money goes towards changing the existing debts to ones with lower rates and more lenient payment schedules . 
  is that what you meant ? 
   the world austerity champion ( greece ) please . 
  they stumbled off the starting block and have been lapped , repeatedly , by _ everyone else _ in the race . 
  maybe they _ prefer _ greece in euro . 
  not black & white . 
  governments do , however , evaluate the likelihoods of promises being held . 
  [ sch\u00e4uble ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wolfgang_sch%c3%a4uble ) . 
  ate cauliflower on the second wednesday of month . 
  estonian exit ... huh , exit ? 
  edit : branded exit , obviously . 
  you may not have noticed it , but it 's the _ leaders _ who are for helping greece . 
  if it was up to the _ people _ to decide , the money would have stopped flowing and greece would have painfully defaulted a while ago . 
   but at what cost for the eurozone ( and germany 's popularity ) . 
  i hope you realize that in north and east this _ boosts _ german popularity . 
  belgium in the first group , afaik . 
  case in point . 
   finland plus slovakia plus baltics is 3.47 % , in case you were wondering . 
  those plus slovenia , netherlands and belgium are ~ 13 % , germany is 27 % . 
  that 's 40 % who ( according to finnish leaks ) supported temporary grexit . 
  edit : hmm , austria with 2.8 % a wildcard ? 
  i think we need a special godwin law for every time someone employs golden dawn as a threat . 
  not many izzard fans here , apparently . 
  i think he meant germanic . 
  our living standards reflect our gdps . 
  british english merely demands that you 're consistent in your use of - ise or - ize ( apart from a small set of verbs that are _ always _ - ise ) , so either is ok . 
  what are the chances of getting mosques listed , though ? 
  but ofc , it 's the german influence that makes our politicians take the hard line . 
  it 's not like they 'd get skewered by their electorates if they campaigned for more money for greece . 
  nope , it 's the germans ' fault . 
  my eyes have been opened !, 
  with what money ? 
  the money was n't supposed to go to greek market , it was supposed to give them time to get their house in order . 
  ez money covering greek arses is a temporary solution , not the new normal . 
   there was a deal that only required a signature no logic allows one to describe a proposal that 's not been accepted by both sides as a done deal . 
   troika would rather greece default , ruining the credibility of the eu , damaging the eurozone itself , i 'm starting to suspect the effect could well be positive . 
  money will be lost , but the `` we will not be fucked with '' message will resonate rather loudly . 
   because those 185 people would save the country . 
  there 's no _ deus ex machina _ solution that brings prosperity back to greece in one fell swoop . 
  reforms consist of a shitload of tiny steps .
