  we 're dealing with different and incompatible cultural contexts here . 
  russia has a _ valid _ reason for their actions only from russian viewpoint that we can study and understand _ without _ accepting it 's universal validity . 
  only a russlandversteher would insinuate that they somehow have a _ right _ to dictate ukraine 's actions . 
   and now , after we toppled the ( eastern leaning ) gouvernment of ukraine , which wanted to trade more with russia - and installed a western leaning gouvernment you 're using russia 's ` great powers ' narrative here , that 's a dangerous ground to be on . 
  would you even consider the possibility that ukrainians themselves have agency ? 
  that _ they _ toppled the government ? 
  that _ they _ set up the new one ? 
  that they are more than just chess pieces moved by the west and russia ? 
  cameron ca n't have seriously expected someone else to piss away untold amounts of political capital to cover his arse in a battle already lost just to prolong it . 
  what did he think it was , dunkirk ? 
  no , that 'd be _ fascist _ . 
  i 'd say the times were good with reagan and clinton because times were relatively good , period . 
  if not for 911 , bush v. 2 would 've been just another line in the simpsons ' `` mediocre presidents '' song . 
  they 're managing it alright by themselves . 
  she 's not crap , she 's got potential , but right no she 's pushing this weird outdated notion of `` engaging with russia '' that even russia laughs at . 
  his ability to use of `` non-military '' personnel is in no way constrained . 
  remember the little green men in crimea ? 
  also : `` luhansk people 's republic is not ukraine and russia 's decision not to use army in ukraine does n't apply to it '' off [ interfax news feed ] ( http://www.interfax.com/news.asp ) yesterday . 
  it 's relative . 
  if you use other brics as a baseline , the slump is still there . 
  they really , _ really _ do n't want sikorsky to replace ashton . 
  for the foreseeable future it 's standard gauge for lines running north-south , cis gauge for lines running east-west . 
  sensible , really . 
  i was outside at the time ... it was n't snow , it was light hail . 
   sad they do n't remember the schools the soviets built or how they 've improved significantly the infrastructure . 
  dear god , are you one of those cunts who claim the soviets brought us ... _ culture _ ? 
  the assumption is that they did n't target estonia . 
  and i was referring to czechoslovakia not having been _ in _ ussr . 
  hint : check the list of ussr 's ssrs , 
   now consider the czech-republic leaving the ussr . 
   they revealed that one mep ( from ataka or jobbik ) has been discovered as a russian spy . 
  one of the crimean `` referendum '' observers . 
  also suspected of being the intermediary through whom russia financed jobbik . 
  having been born and brought up there . 
   since then its gdp per capita has increased threefold . 
  more , certainly ? 
  it was sub-1000 in 1989 iirc . 
  . . and you can tell when he 's had a few , 
  englosh = english + sloshed ? 
  [ google to article w/o paywall ] ( http://www.google.com/search?q=the+estonian+spymasters ) . 
   opposition figures that you find in any democratic society ? 
  fascists . 
  altai krai is 95 % ethnic russian , i doubt they deviate from the russian norm . 
  `` parliament '' in english is a loan word from old french `` parlement '' , basically `` talking '' . 
  common romance roots with italian ? 
  i assume `` parlamento '' reached ottomans via italian city states . 
  fuck you chris . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck about their ethnicity , languague , religion , their favourite bands or their mothers ' maiden names . 
  after careful deliberation i 've come to a conclusion that they are a physical representation of a sick and twisted ideology , and i wo n't waste a moment 's worth of pity on them . 
  oh , i love russians . 
  those guys , however ... carrion-eaters crawling over the body of a weakened state in anticipation of a meal . 
  roving gangs of armed thugs seeking to destabilize the state and terrorize the population to submission . 
  bandits carving out their personal fiefdoms . 
  pests in camo , weekend warriors playing at revolution . 
  fuck those guys . 
  those are just the _ relevant _ languagues he speaks . 
  edit : oh , and the fact that his predictions from a book he published in _ early 2008 _ have become true kind of demonstrates his informedness , would n't you say ? 
  you forgot csto , 
  what happened to ussr in 80s ? 
   after crimea annexation i try to read authors that can speak russian . 
  only person who understands russian can really in depth understand peoples feelings and thoughts in russia . 
  the author speaks fluent russian . 
  also polish , lithuanian , czech . 
  he can get by in a few other ee languagues , afaik . 
  i do n't get your parable , though . 
  are you implying that our sensible distrust of russia is somehow our own fault ? 
  worse coverage of western europe . 
  after centre party took power in tallinn , estonia 's capital , the local news media noticed a marked increase of pro-centre comments from ip addresses of the city administration . 
  they tracked them over a period of time and published some fun articles . 
  hell , they named names , postulating that due to sheer amount of those comments those officials had few other responsibilities , 
  umm ... good ? 
   annexation is a whole other level in international public law , because it is a unilateral act it _ was _ an unilateral act -- ukraine was n't involved . 
  your whole argument fails due to your deliberate ignorance of the simple fact that ukraine had a legal claim to crimea . 
  silly you . 
  in addition to what / u/cbr777 said , turkey is too close to iran ( detect , track , confirm , target , launch ) . 
  central europe is pretty much the best spot for the purpose . 
  the author of that article is among the best informed westerners when it comes to easter europe and russia . 
  not really . 
  grab a globe , check out the shortest route from iran to continental us . 
  grab a globe . 
  yeah , i 've been wearing the i-told-you-so face for a while now . 
  antifa often turn out to be anything but . 
  ... in theory . 
  yet the historical attempts at both have turned out somewhat alike . 
  hrm . 
  going by the results , those who were out to change shit went and voted . 
  i 'd say the low participation kind of hints that we 're ok with status quo . 
   what would happen in poland if half a million ukrainians or russians moved there in less than a decade ? 
  now that i think of it ... we could use 100-200k ukrainians . 
  read the line before it as well , those two go together . 
   what makes it even funnier is , last february , janoekovitsj ( when he was still in power ) was willing to declare early elections . 
  all he agreed on re : early elections was to have them `` by december '' . 
  which would n't have been that early , seeing as the elections were going to happen in february 2015 anyway . 
  he did n't . 
   but that the money was chipped away from f.e the military and from bearucratic budget tallinn does n't have a military . 
  and any notion of the current administration cutting down on bureaucracy feels ... highly unlikely . 
  meanwhile i 'm trying to find a kindergarten spot for our youngest . 
  there are none available within walking distance . 
  soo ... how much would it cost to dam skagerrak ? 
  or kattegat ?
