  i doubt a significant share of the population gives enough of a toss about anvelt for him to count as a hated figure . 
  and savisaar , sadly , is n't _ historical _ yet , 
  i 've drawn a complete blank . 
  we 've had too many foreigners to hate , i guess . 
  and we 're the lucky ones , we got out . 
  damn , ca n't find it right now ... there was a scan of a letter a few months back , in which ukrainian mfa ( in response to some query from transnistria ) stated that if they want to talk with someone from moldova , they 'll talk with someone from chisinau . 
  large part of the israeli population is from former ussr . 
   hey , this is europe . 
  we took it from nobody ; we won it from the bare soil that the ice left . 
  the bones of our ancestors , and the stones of their works , are everywhere . 
  our liberties were won in wars and revolutions so terrible that we do not fear our governors : they fear us . 
  our children giggle and eat ice-cream in the palaces of past rulers . 
  we snap our fingers at kings . 
  we laugh at popes . 
  when we have built up tyrants , we have brought them down . 
   and we have nuclear - fucking - weapons . 
   one usually starts with the other indeed , but which one comes first is n't always a given . 
  they opened a corridor over the weekend , yes . 
  not to luhansk as previously , but directly to russia . 
  that 's where the ' 150 vehicles and 2000 troops ' story came from . 
   which would not make sense in the ukrainian theatre . 
  do they ? 
  they cared enough to wait for dark before crossing . 
  aye , for some reason can-can was the first thing that came to mind looking at those . 
  roughly * `` citizens , the fatherland 's in danger / our tanks are on foreign soil '' * . 
  edit : [ in full ] ( http://www.bards.ru/archives/part.php?id=4104 ) . 
  it 's likely was just another fuckup . 
  they did what they 've been doing every night for a while now - they just forgot the journos were there . 
  i was waiting at a pedestrian crossing with some strangers in vienna a few years ago , with no cars in sight . 
  suddenly a mediterranean-looking gent walked right past us , and across the road . 
  i met the gaze of an older lady next to me , and we both rolled our eyes in exasperation at the same moment . 
  i felt northern as fuck . 
   today it is very much a multi ethnic , multicultural and multi faith country , where not only slavs can call themselves russian . 
  today ? 
  check the chronicles , half the tribes who invited rurik over were n't slavs  hmm , the chude blood in me kind of ponders demanding a piece of the kievan pie now . 
  then again , stupid commies _ do _ need to shut up . 
   the russophobic content phobia would imply an _ irrational _ fear of something , no ? 
   in a lot of countries the military is responsible for disaster aid and humanitarian aid . 
  in their own countries . 
  that map is a tad optimistic at times , but it shows the general trends well enough . 
  edit : [ rnbo maps ] ( http://mediarnbo.org/?cat=33 ) are also worth following . 
  then again , they 've had some success disrupting the diversants ' supply lines from russia these past two weeks . 
  they 're literally different people . 
  within a few months maidan changed from the heart of the revolution to a tourist trap to a place locals advise tourists to avoid at night . 
  that 's because russian-languague material for euronews is produced in ... russia . 
   whole milk is around 3.5 % fat , and 2.5 % fat milk wo n't taste too different when someone pours that 2.5 % swill over my cereals in the morning instead of proper-ish 3.5 % milk , i damn well notice . 
  then again , i was brought up on a ( collective ) farm , so breakfast usually _ was _ one or two half-litre glasses of fresh milk . 
  this is about maidan the location , not the movement . 
  the tent city , etc had slowly been taken over by non-movement people , often outright criminals . 
  so they decided to pack it up . 
  old story , btw . 
  it 's pretty much cleared by now . 
  after an inexperienced diver died there , two weeks ago . 
  ca n't find the answer right now -- on the phone -- but their response was considerably more vitriolic . 
  also , the troops in transdnistria have been brought to high alert because , apparently , moldova 's diplomatic approach means that they 're about to invade . 
  for random , often unpredictable sanctions . 
  they were relatively cool for their time . 
  russia 's development got disturbed partly because it was muscovy with its khanate satrapy background , not western-influenced novgorod , that gained the upper hand . 
  usa supplies neither personnel nor arms to isis . 
  the ` uprising ' in eastern ukraine would 've been over before mh17 was shot down had russia not done exactly that to keep the conflict going . 
  so no blame for those who instigated the war in the first place and have kept it going ever since ? 
  the plane would n't have been shot down had there been no war . 
  ... and people to use them . 
  us is above board with it 's support to israel , while russia still maintains that the ` uprising ' in eastern ukraine is about local citizen militias with locally sourced weaponry . 
  an accident that would _ not _ have happened w/o russia 's meddling . 
  inactions . 
  we moved a statue from a city park to the military cemetery . 
   how far down the road are we going to see `` exit visas '' , like in the ussr some 5 % are already forbidden to leave the country . 
   once putin retires or dies . 
  he 's not pulling all this shit to stay in power in order to retire at some point in the future , 
  sometimes truth is stranger than fiction . 
  err , the public broadcaster . 
  in english : http://news.err.ee, 
  seeing as finland 's main argument against nato has been `` we 're doing too much business with russia '' ... 
  a few hours in gym in between the apples deals with that problem . 
  murica numbah one ? 
   the soviet tapes sucked badly . 
  oh dear god , they were bloody horrible . 
  does food count as goods ? 
  because ussr imported huge amounts of food from canada , us , etc during 70s and 80s . 
  they were the single largest importer of grain in the world for most of that period . 
  they think that being feared equals being respected . 
  a fucked up aspect of their culture , if you ask me -- nobody _ respects _ a bully . 
  that was fun , tbh , 
  state nationalism , common to nations that came into being _ after _ the state . 
  the peoples who got their states after developing an independent national consciousness tend to view their states as means , not as ends , so the relative status of those states ( i.e. 
  the ` greatness ' ) plays second fiddle to their simple existence . 
   you have to realize , putin 's anti gay and pro church moves are n't taking place in a vacuum . 
  russia is an insanely conservative society which is also highly radicalized , a bad combination . 
  putin fucked up royally pandering to those dangerous elements , and actively provoking the radicalization . 
  for all his calm and collected demeanour he 's been stupid enough to choose a dangerous shortcut whenever a conundrum presents itself . 
  i can understand his position right now -- the population demands a victory in ukraine so he has to come up with _ something _ that can be _ presented internally _ as a victory , or forces of his own making will be after his head for failure to do so . 
  edit : ukraine would be willing to offer him symbolic concessions like protected status for russian languague , or x years no nato , or whatever _ which would serve the purpose _ but as long as he demands that the diversants in the eastern ukraine be treated as a valid third party in these negotiations this is n't gon na happen . 
   for sure there will be shortage of meat products - just like it was in ussr . 
  that was n't due to sanctions , though -- which were n't there -- , but because of russia 's severely restricted borrowing ability so they had less money to pay for these foreign products . 
  bunch of restaurants in moscow will go bust , that 's for sure . 
  by the time novgorod became a thing , the chudes of ugandi had stopped paying tribute . 
  in fact , it was another _ casus belli _ of the livonian war from russia 's side - demanding 400 years ' worth of back taxes . 
  we even have a ` golden age ' that 's literally been called that - the pre-christianization one , before 12th century . 
  trouble being , it 's largely a national romanticist myth by [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carl_robert_jakobson ) ( and still held by certain ... simpler kind of nationalists ) that was aimed towards strengthening the national consciousness and defining ` the enemy ' , i.e.
