  something like that . 
  hopefully , though i ca n't see a workable coalition w/o reform . 
  e-voting , ffs ... do your bloody duty , citizen !, 
  17.1 % is quite a bit over 5 % , 
  genocide 's badly defined , then . 
  the difference between eradicating a people by killing them outright and eradicating a people by destroying their identity is slighter when we 're talking about whole nations suddenly not being there . 
  the two languagues are in a very disproportionate relationship . 
  giving russian equal standing simply would n't work out , as russian has vastly larger resources behind it -- thanks to the eastern neighbor it 'd be in the dominant position from the go . 
  latvian would n't be sustainable in the long run on defensive , with halved resources . 
  just witness how much they spend on running two parallel school systems already . 
  do the concepts of living memory and contemporary history say anything ? 
  russian is n't outlawed . 
  also , catalans have been living in catalonia for what , easily over a thousand years ? 
  the people who are being talked about here were settled on occupied territories by the occupying power within the last 60 years . 
  latvia is the only country latvian has official status in . 
  imagine you 're a small tech company , competing with another one 100 times your size . 
  then imagine you 're being ordered to spend half your time and resources working on _ their _ projects , for free . 
   the ending ' - cide ' indiciates killing . 
  just think of fratricide , regicide etc. 
  countrycide . 
  ussr 's policies were aimed at eradicating the countries ' identities , any memory of existence or the possibility thereof _ sans _ the big brother . 
  it 's not even ethnic - the repressions in estonia , for example , were against the cream of the society , the nodes maintaining it as a structure . 
  not only estonians were sent to siberia , plenty of local russians and jews travelled in the cattle cars with them . 
  i think it interesting ( and quite sensible ) , falling back to latin ( heritage , yadda , yadda ) in situations where 23 languagues would be too much and none of those should be given preferential treatment . 
  though i suspect it 's just a way to avoid defaulting to english . 
  anyone else notice the url ? 
  sweet . 
  wife 's great-grandfather was born russian . 
  baby steps , 
  i have estonian first - and surnames , estonian parents , estonian ancestors as far as records go ; i have estonian close-enough-to-blonde hair and estonian suspiciously high cheekbones . 
  i 'm also an `` european '' , 
   share a common ancestor good enough . 
   who am i ? 
  what languague did your mother sing you lullabies in ? 
  that 's why the studies traditionally focus on pre-globalization generations . 
  i 'm n1c1 , my father-in-law is i1 . 
  just as the magic picture predicts . 
  still , apparently , nordic we ai n't . 
   i do n't know if europeans ` get ' the self deprecating british/scottish humour not that different from german humour , 
  so when you 're renting an apartment , you 'll demand a say in how the rent money is being spent ? 
  it 's a gradual process - as a foreigner ( effectively , guest ) you 'll have no say whatsoever , as a legal resident ( lessee , to return to the housing theme ) you 're offered a probationary period with full access to services but limited responsibilities - voting in local elections , etc. 
  once you 're a citizen , you 've bought your own place and have a say in the apartment association . 
  you do n't see a difference between living in different cities under the same legal system and living in different countries under different legal systems ? 
  ` many years ' is a sane requirement . 
  you go from being a foreign national to being a legal resident , and once you 've shown some dedication you may become a citizen . 
  do you think citizenship worthless enough to be handed out at borders ? 
   why does it matter so much where you were born . 
  what really matters is where you live . 
  so get the citizenship of whereever you live ? 
  i do n't really see your point . 
  to be fair , frinton gives a good performance . 
  the sketch itself is fine work , too ; iterating through same set of gags repeatedly provides a good platform for toying with the audience . 
   however , people there turned to be out very friendly , easily speaking russian to us it 's normal , you 're a tourist , a russian one at that , so it 's part of everyday hospitality to speak russian to you if they know it . 
  you 're completely different , however , from the sovoks who 've lived there/here for many decades , take immense pride in _ not _ having learned the local languague and still expect the locals to kowtow to them due to lingering master race pretensions . 
  sign of distress ? 
   sometimes countries try to ensure a stable currency by artificially fixing them to that of another currency of a larger economy currency board . 
  we had it in estonia from 1992 to 2011 , first dem , then eur . 
  that 's why $ transition was relatively painless . 
  `` germany to undermine city '', 
  it seems indeed that the ones ` affected ' by the rumours have been predominantly from the russian-speaking population . 
  no , it 's really not , 
  i 've always assumed he 's a martin schneider fan , 
   the british are uniquely infatuated with the war . 
  that 's not quite true . 
  ussr ( and later , russia ) have made a religion of ww2 , still interpreting it in absolute terms of good vs evil ; and the mere suggestion that soviets were anything other than saintly is one of the ways most certain to draw the ire of both the state and the population . 
  people and peoples tend to fixate on their last moment of greatness . 
  britons suffer from a lighter , anglican version of the same ( two world wars and one world cup , anyone ? 
   the obstreperous british wth spiegel ? 
  first time in months i 've had to look up a word , 
  only a month ago uk was seen potentially leading a block of 10 . 
  i 'm not blaming the city for it , that 's a different matter . 
  i just do n't see why they 'd have to remain free to come up with more siv-style brainfarts . 
   let 's see what happens when a major european treaty is proposed that penalises germany for making cars . 
  let 's see what happens when a major european treaty is proposed that penalises germany for making shit cars ? 
  davey boy , your veto gun fires blanks . 
   it looks like the united kingdom 's influence in the eu has declined precipitously . 
  no surprise there . 
  in the rest of europe it 's increasingly looking like cameron represents the city , not uk . 
  one could talk to uk , but nobody wants to do deals with a vatican wannabe . 
  they also use dgaffeic ( do n't give a flying fuck even if caught ) . 
  that 's what happens when you try to spend your way out of a crisis , like _ some economists _ recommended . 
  you ca n't even bother linking to the actual articles now ? 
  no worries . 
  bismarck 's sausages apply to diplomacy as well . 
  i doubt it 's been changed . 
  it 's more likely that the . doc to . pdf conversion of english text was done on crawford 's laptop and the field was filled by default ( `` more europe '' being the filename ) . 
  may be ghostwritten outright , but using a former ambassador buddy to spellcheck for you would fit sikorsky 's style as well . 
  enough to tie their hands when responding to various independence movements . 
  the `` author '' field of a pdf does n't mean what you think it does . 
  then again , speeches like this often get read and checked by different people so who knows . 
  crawford _ was _ an ambassador to poland . 
  unsustainable cost of imported food was one of the factors that brought ussr to it 's knees . 
  quality of living : americas * vancouver ( 5th overall ) * ottawa ( 14th ) * toronto ( 15th ) * montreal ( 22nd ) * honolulu ( 29th ) hmm ... 
  quite well crafted , indeed . 
  he does talk about money , but he does n't demand any - he demands leadership . 
  edward lucas gives an overview of the speech here : http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2011/11/polands-appeal-germany edit : he also gave a direct link to the full speech : http://www.msz.gov.pl/files/docs/komunikaty/20111128berlin/radoslaw_sikorski_poland_and_the_future_of_the_eu.pdf, 
  no real extra effort required . 
  do you imagine local eu offices do n't read the papers anyway ? 
   so is speaking two languages something completely normal in estonia ? 
  majority of those above 40 years of age have at least a conversational level of russian , for obvious reasons .
