   where does it say he is a kapo ? 
  kapo says he 's kapo . 
   you seriously think they would n't help the other countries by spying across their border ? 
  kapo are n't spies , they 're spycatchers . 
  for spying we have different , much more secretive agencies . 
  _ only _ 5m . 
  a population of 5m . 
  just randomly waving their dick around . 
  so ... no outright ethnic cleansing yet ? 
   they will only have a population of 5m finland . 
  the only realistic military threat for estonia in the near future in russia . 
  how does it _ not _ make sense for us to join a defensive alliance to minimize that threat ? 
   if estonia remained neutral they could join nato side any time in case of war what war ? 
  as i said , the only military threat is russia . 
  what reason would nato have to defend us if we were n't members ? 
   then why on earth you joined nato ? 
  read again :  we do n't want another war here . 
  wait , were we supposed not to ? 
  but putin _ wants _ this , to support his narrative of russia being under siege . 
  they 're going to drop the itar part and return to good old soviet tass . 
    if he was caught in estonian territory , of course moscow will say it was inside russia . 
  that 's not ` caught ' , that 's ` kidnapped ' . 
  also , from article :  estonian and russian border guards met for a briefing at the estonians ' initiative at 13:00 . 
  at the meeting on the border , the russian side said it had no reports of the incident . 
  both sides visited the scene and established that there were indeed signs of a violent struggle with tracks leading to the russian side . 
  did n't use to be , putin restored the soviet anthem when he took power . 
  [ too late for that ] ( http://en.itar-tass.com/russia/748380 ) . 
   we live in a strange time . 
  nah , it 's just estonia . 
  hmm , which of the two countries involved has a recent history of their armed personnel being unaware of borders ? 
  edit : on a serious note - this is really , really bad . 
  guess we can forget about it being some random smugglers who kidnapped him . 
  they do n't know if it 's newsworthy yet . 
  press conference in 5 minutes . 
   it 's just russian provocation going to the next level . 
  shades of 1939 there , once again . 
  common market , mate . 
  eid combined with estonia 's e-services ( and tax laws , and investment climate ) opens up interesting possibilities for foreign entrepreneurs to have a relationship with an eu country , and have a convenient legal identity on the `` inside '' . 
  a lawyer friend of mine who works for a multinational told me she 's been tasked with keeping a close eye on the project . 
  our driving licences are pink as well , though few carry them around in estonia . 
  mine 's permanently in my travel bag , for example . 
  ask depardieu , 
  you can vote from wherever if you 're a citizen or a legal resident . 
  the id card in itself confers no such privilege . 
  not a citizen , not a resident . 
  also : specimen . 
   russia does not want a nato member so close to st. petersburg . 
  ahem . 
   if some `` separatists '' showed up in the town of narva , which is literally on the russian border a border that 's nowhere as porous as the one between ukraine and russia . 
  it 'd be exceedingly difficult to funnel in the gear like they did in ukraine . 
  they 'd have to take out the border post ( singular ) first . 
  english is interesting in that it _ lost _ grammatical gender , though it still has gendered pronouns . 
  those often cause major headaches for anyone translating english-languague literature into estonian , 
  the two cornerstones of estonian identity are _ isamaa _ ( father-land ) and _ emakeel _ ( mother-languague ) . 
  my post , however , was about estonian languague not having grammatical gender , so gendering inanimate objects - or any nouns , really - is n't an issue . 
   i honestly always have problems with assigning genders to countries . 
  never a problem for estonians , 
  russia promised to pay after both ships were delivered . 
  russia 's aim here is simple - to force ukraine to acknowledge the terrorists as legitimate representatives of the people . 
  it 's basically uk and the countries uk has recent military co-operation experience with . 
   the balkans ? 
  hyperbole . 
  there 's a continuum of options between full carrot and full stick . 
  plus , how would you prevent a war that 's already going on ? 
   we have n't had a war those 25 years , that 's a good success metric right there . 
  _ we _ have n't . 
  russia has , and their neighbors have been suffering -- _ are _ suffering -- because of that . 
  25 years of carrots has n't resulted in discernible change in russia 's attitude towards better , quite the opposite . 
  i 'd say it 's stick time . 
   is a total war with russia something you actually expect to win ? 
  it 's generally understood that a total war between nato and russia will involve a thermonuclear exchange which will leave russia , europe and the usa in bits . 
  how do you prepare for a war you know you will lose even if you win ? 
  that 's the position russia 's current nuclear blackmail strategy relies on - that no-one is willing to confront them as long as they keep acting unhinged and mentioning their nukes every now and then . 
   instead of sanctioning russia and forcing them to become self-reliant in the hopes that they will collapse before you do you should continue investing in them , buying up assets , buying up people , allowing the oligarchs to have multiple citizenships , allowing their money into your banks , getting the economic ties formed so strongly that russia attacking the eu would be indistinguishable from russia attacking itself . 
  25 years of _ precisely that _ have n't worked . 
  large share of russians stem from assimilated aboriginal tribes . 
  it 's a coping mechanism some russians and their apologists use - pretending that it 's between russia and us helps them to justify what basically amounts to them beating up a smaller and weaker neighbor . 
  the russia vs us narrative makes them feel like an important world power instead of a regional bully . 
   similarly , the russian legislative assembly also granted putin with the power to intervene militarily in ukraine . 
  [ `` russian parliament bows to putin , repeals use of force in ukraine '' ] ( http://www.haaretz.com/news/world/1.601132 ) - june 25th . 
  putin has a human rights adviser . 
  will the wonders never cease ? 
  they 've upped the pay ? 
  a superpower is able to project force globally . 
  russia is a regional power . 
   apparently all trucks came back what that report says is that they observed the same amount of trucks returning as they observed leaving at the two border crossings they were permitted to observe . 
  tanks , apcs , artillery , missile complexes ? 
  in such numbers ? 
   russia and the us are superpowers , yeah , about that ... 
   hint , its not putin . 
  the unnamed billionaire would n't a ) get his gear from russia and b ) would n't get his gear _ in _ from russia w/o full russian co-operation . 
  that 's assuming said billionaire is in a revanchist mood and has n't simply decided to count his losses & made off with his considerable takings . 
  the convoy was split once inside ukraine , and the different batches of trucks returned at different times . 
  february 24th , celebrating the victory in the war of independence against you-know-whom . 
  and the re-indepenence day on august 20th . 
  calling them `` russian thugs '' would cast aspersions on the whole people . 
  `` putin 's thugs '' is more neutral . 
  they had to get the convoy in _ now _ , because their defense of lugansk is collapsing . 
  by introducing a nominally ` civilian ' element to block ukrainian forces ' advance , they 'll have time to resupply their troops in the city or , at the very least , get their _ troops _ troops out . 
  being negotiated at by russians .
