  anyone younger than 30 has a good chance of speaking english , at least . 
  out of languagues that wiki table is n't showing , finnish is known in the northern parts of the country and a smattering of swedish is n't uncommon in the western counties . 
  of course there 's a sizable chunk of population whose daily lives are unlikely to bring them in contact with those speaking anything but their own languague . 
  on european scale that 's obviously more common in large countries , doubly so for native english-speakers ( witness their `` poor '' showing in the table ) . 
   either born into bilingual families or well-educated , you really must be from uk to think bilingualism is a sign of good education . 
  you ( i.e. 
  the british ) have had the misfortune of growing up a ) speaking the _ lingua franca _ from the go and b ) no close neighbors . 
  this might explain why your post does n't factor in the primary aspect that makes up any national/cultural identity in continental europe - one 's native languague . 
  while there may be less and less isolation , there 's plenty of differentiation to go around , 
  many german-speakers as well . 
  so they _ did _ kill diana , then ? 
  there 's still the caretaker government . 
   unless some power bloc emerges that can force germany and france apart then they will always get their way because , as you say , of their scale . 
  there 's no-one massive enough to mount a challenge to the franco-german axis . 
  spain and italy are out of game for the foreseeable future , poland will need a few decades to gather momentum and uk has painted itself in the corner . 
  it 's a question of supply and demand , to be honest . 
  in third world , english may well be a highly valued skill . 
  in first world , however , it 's common as muck . 
  i had dealings with a company recently that paid extra for foreign languague skills and offered incentives to it 's employees to improve them and/or pick up new ones . 
  english did n't count . 
  speaking your native tongue is a given , knowing english is - in the first world - elementary , as it 's everywhere . 
  if you only speak those two languagues , it pretty much means you 've made no effort . 
  judging by my own experience , in some europhile circles being unable to converse in french , german _ and _ english is considered impolite . 
   for they have a way of teaching languages in germany that is not our way , and the consequence is that when the german youth or maiden leaves the gymnasium or high school at fifteen , `` it '' ( as in germany one conveniently may say ) can understand and speak the tongue it has been learning . 
  in england we have a method that for obtaining the least possible result at the greatest possible expenditure of time and money is perhaps unequalled . 
  an english boy who has been through a good middle-class school in england can talk to a frenchman , slowly and with difficulty , about female gardeners and aunts ; conversation which , to a man possessed perhaps of neither , is liable to pall . 
  possibly , if he be a bright exception , he may be able to tell the time , or make a few guarded observations concerning the weather . 
  no doubt he could repeat a goodly number of irregular verbs by heart ; only , as a matter of fact , few foreigners care to listen to their own irregular verbs , recited by young englishmen . 
  likewise he might be able to remember a choice selection of grotesquely involved french idioms , such as no modern frenchman has ever heard or understands when he does hear . 
  [ ... ]  i confine my remarks to french , because that is the only language we attempt to teach our youth . 
  an english boy who could speak german would be looked down upon as unpatriotic . 
  why we waste time in teaching even french according to this method i have never been able to understand . 
  a perfect unacquaintance with a language is respectable . 
  but putting aside comic journalists and lady novelists , for whom it is a business necessity , this smattering of french which we are so proud to possess only serves to render us ridiculous . 
   in the german school the method is somewhat different . 
  one hour every day is devoted to the same language . 
  the idea is not to give the lad time between each lesson to forget what he learned at the last ; the idea is for him to get on . 
  there is no comic foreigner provided for his amusement . 
  the desired language is taught by a german school-master who knows it inside and out as thoroughly as he knows his own . 
  maybe this system does not provide the german youth with that perfection of foreign accent for which the british tourist is in every land remarkable , but it has other advantages . 
  the boy does not call his master `` froggy , '' or `` sausage , '' nor prepare for the french or english hour any exhibition of homely wit whatever . 
  he just sits there , and for his own sake tries to learn that foreign tongue with as little trouble to everybody concerned as possible . 
  when he has left school he can talk , not about penknives and gardeners and aunts merely , but about european politics , history , shakespeare , or the musical glasses , according to the turn the conversation may take . 
  jerome k. jerome _ three men on the bummel _ , 1900 . 
  1956 hungary . 
  also `` positive '' , i see . 
  gebr\u00fcder grimm are a class of their own , estonian folk tales are rather mild in comparison . 
  what i meant is -- we 're strange enough to have been put in others ' fairy tales in the past , 
  great culture , nice people , could n't recognize a functional political system if it bit them in the arse . 
   overall , europe makes me feel like i 'm at home , even when travelling further from home . 
  it 's funny , i 've noticed that , too . 
  traveling in europe is not that different from traveling in one 's own country , you can safely assume enough of a shared cultural framework to make you feel at home anywhere . 
  also , you left out germans - apart from us having a languague from some scarier fairy tales ( and much , much better folk music ) , we 're culturally/mentally very similar . 
  due to our history , no doubt . 
  a good editorial , though with an undercurrent of `` a big boy did it and ran away . '', 
  who 's that between portugal and france ? 
  that 's one good article ... seriously considering subscribing here . 
   if they are ready to go out and face the consequences of not being able to borrow , why would you stop them ? 
  the consequences of not being able to borrow would be pretty similar to austerity measures , only worse . 
  if they do n't like the first , why do you imagine they 'd enjoy the second ? 
   maybe they have alternative , how would you know ? 
  no , no alternative . 
  even if all their debt got wiped out , continuing the current practices would only mean they 'd have to start borrowing again . 
  greece w/o massive austerity measures is simply not viable . 
  not before , _ with _ . 
  as in , same bill . 
  and not all of the taxes . 
  it 's a strategy often used before ( as they 're something people _ have _ to pay ) ; greek utility bills can have quite unusual items on them . 
  they lost part of their national sovereignty when they joined eurozone . 
   on accepting austerity putting a question to referendum would require there be alternatives to choose between . 
  there are n't . 
  a referendum on what , exactly ? 
  we 're doing alright . 
   however my point is that unlike cannabis heroin is very harmfull for the society . 
  but you yourself admitted that it reduced drug-related crime . 
  am i correct in assuming , then , that you consider drug use inherently bad ? 
  it 's ( debatably ) a matter of national pride that we 're unable to be happy or even content with what we have . 
  on one hand this can lead to rapid improvements and developments given the opportunity , on the other hand we tend to come over as massive whiners . 
  look , you 're talking about a people whose instinctive distrust of superlatives has famously made the word `` normaalne '' [ _ normal , as expected _ ] the highest praise achievable , 
  keep an eye on [ http://livingingreece.gr/strikes/] ( http://livingingreece.gr/strikes/ ) . 
  7 is the new 25 +5 . 
  eurasianism had always been popular in kreml . 
  ` ein jude ' does n't imply a religious identity , but an ethnic one . 
  in this particular scenario it was n't even that - there are plenty of jews in germany , but not as many wielders of israeli passports . 
  the whole article is built on the mistake by the official of calling an israeli a jew , a detail that the author is right in assuming might point towards latent racism . 
  i fail to detect any discrimination , though . 
  german is n't latin of ancient greek . 
  if one 's whole academic career has been built around german philosophy , you 'd think he 'd have picked up enough to get by in such a simple situation . 
  is n't there a difference between being anti-jewish and anti-israeli ? 
  writes about adorno and habermas , specializes in frankfurt school ... and does n't speak german . 
  wtf . 
  largely ... sensible . 
  if this can be made to work , it 'd be a good step towards normalization . 
  respect to papandreou . 
  i do n't understand the quip about bottled still water from a greek source - it 's a necessity in quite a few places , as the author should well know . 
  one should add that the traditional name estonians used for themselves was `` maarahvas '' , literally earth/land-people . 
  us presidents are n't , strictly speaking , directly elected . 
  sharks with frickin ' laser beams attached to their heads . 
  austria released him after 20 hours , when they could have held him for 48 . 
  lithuania was robbed of a full day in which to make it 's case .
