  for estonians , the primary one is the languague one speaks at home . 
  for example , our current fm is considered estonian , though she had a latvian mother and a russian father . 
  if that 's your first languague , then why not ? 
  edit : tho , in the census you 're counted as whatever you yourself say you are . 
  dunno what you mean by ` native ' . 
  in estonia , you are what you speak . 
  apart from that , coastal swedes were n't locals who 'd taken up swedish , they were the descendants of swedish settlers . 
  i 'd say they were very much ethnically swedish . 
  not wealthy enough to buy cheap stuff . 
  well ... we 'd had much more practice with islands full of swedes , 
   actually only kwasniewski went to germany first . 
  currently most popular destination is rome . 
  you 're as wrong as i was  duda went to estonia , komorowski went to brussels ( then paris , then berlin ) , kaczynski went to _ vatican _ , kwasniewski went to germany . 
  i think we should gift some to latvia for their 100th . 
  that was part of the message , not the least to germany . 
  polish presidents have traditionally gone to germany first , so both the fact that this one did n't , and where he went instead , are significant . 
  i fucking love dakos , though i go with mizitra over feta . 
  and +1 for cretan olive oil . 
   america owes a lot to france . 
  `` lafayette , we are here . '', 
   we have a musician , a cossack ( ?!, 
  ) , a policeman and a soldier https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cs9oo0s5w2k, 
  russia is ( nominally ) a federation that covers dozens of different indigenous ethnic groups in addition to russians . 
  `` russia for russians '' implies either cutting the size of the country , or getting rid of everyone else within the current borders . 
  still missing the socialist republic of wales . 
  thanks for the ohrwurm ;(, 
  belarus could n't come back , they never left . 
  name one that `` came back '' w/o military action by russia ? 
  it 's a symptom of russia 's eternal disease that they think only they get a vote . 
  not , say , the indigenous population . 
  both times significant chunks of it got away , though . 
  not a border guard . 
  iss mainly deal with counterintelligence and corruption . 
  often -- as in this case -- with both at the same time . 
  know what ? 
  let 's make our own scandinavia . 
  we 'll cover the beer part , obviously . 
  i think the debate is only about whether the eventual twin city will be named talsinki or talsingi . 
  that 's why we do n't have a cross flag - those thieving danes . 
  tell him about '' \u03bc\u03c0 '' , '' \u03b3\u03ba '' and '' \u03bf\u03c5 '' as well , 
  technically , english is n't their official language . 
  it 's official _ de facto _ , but they never got around to putting it in writing . 
  it 's not as if they 'll actually repair anything . 
  when dealing with russian gift horses , always insist on full dental check-up . 
  greeks do n't pronounce '' \u03b4 '' as `` d '' , it 's somewhere between `` d '' and `` th '' . 
  basically , the modern spoken greek is different from the greek spoken during the classical age , and we still map greek letters to latin ones according to erasmus ' trying to reconstruct classical pronunciation in 16th century , not what 's actually spoken today -- or what was actually spoken in 16th century , 
  might 've just been shit actors . 
   it 's a joke on the recent ( 10-15 year ) trend of naming children with foreign names bastardised by adding random vowels . 
  no , it 's people giving their kids fancy foreign names from soap operas w/o knowing how they are spelt . 
  thankfully the rules are a tad stricter now . 
  no shit . 
  i know one . 
  _ knew _ one -- he officially changed his name a few years back . 
  i do n't think / r/europe is more right-wing than your average subreddit _ or _ more right-wing than the general european public . 
  iirc the polls of the past have shown a lean towards progressive politics and the liberal left . 
  please do n't take this the wrong way , but might it be that your personal left-right scale needs some calibration ? 
  one can go too far with nuance . 
  no , scratch that . 
  one can go too far -- and corbyn in a perfect example of this -- with the instinctive western approach that every problem has two roughly equivalent sides and a diplomatic solution , that a compromise can always be made . 
  firstly , it assumes that the other party follows the same rules -- just witness our leaders being baffled by russia 's spokesmen blatantly lying time and time again . 
  secondly , it discounts the fact that in some situations even the tiniest compromise is horribly compromising ( pun intended ) . 
  it 's like finding a compromise with someone who plans to kill 100 kittens . 
  what 's the correct course of action ? 
  meeting him halfway at 50 ? 
  maybe talking him down to 20 ? 
  or would a resolute no-kittens-harmed policy be preferable ? 
  sometimes you 've got to stick to your guns , sensibilities be damned . 
  sometimes the truth is quite simple , and looking for nuance where there is none simply because you expect a uniform distribution of grays between black and white leads you down a blind alley of fabricated grays . 
   go back and follow western and especially american coverage of the iraq war . 
  i followed that live , too . 
  considering me being in my early-to-mid twenties when the towers fell , and having only recently broken with marxism for a marginally saner form of leftism , my reaction back then was wholly predictable . 
  later , i got better . 
  the key is to _ know _ the blind spots , to recognize the ideologies , and abstain from being tainted by one 's own ideological position when evaluating those . 
  sometimes people you hate talk sense , sometimes people you like talk bullshit . 
  rt is an exception to the rule , with no redeeming qualities whatsoever . 
  i was mainlining news the night the rebels -- after weeks of stalemate -- launched their surprise attack on tripoli . 
  y' know , the night gaddafi lost the war . 
  the western news channels were following the battle live , one even ( ca n't remember which one ) had a camera team enter the city trailing them . 
  while this was going on , rt - obviously unprepared -- mentioned unconfirmed reports of rebels entering the city at the end of their regular hourly news , and launched into a `` documentary '' in which sad `` englishmen '' talked about how uk is sinking into a cesspool of corruption . 
  [ this tweet ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-8id4h_dx5nu/vb-bpewxfbi/aaaaaaaaisc/rlfuedeugay/s400/corbyn1.jpg ) ? 
  well , god forbid someone should use a nuclear weapon to break a heavily fortified imperial center on an island , 
  wait , did n't ussr have nukes before you guys ? 
  he 's got a hint of _ russlandversteher _ about him . 
  [ peace for our time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peace_for_our_time ) . 
  speaking as a ( former ) fellow fan -- stop fucking plugging fucking chomsky . 
  ca n't browse this bloody thread w/o your fucking link popping up every-fucking-where . 
  yes ? 
  making a trade deal with eu is n't the same as building nato bases , no matter what russia might claim . 
  that , and being wielded as a geopolitical weapon . 
  your common garden-variety of irredentist -- anyplace that 's ever had even a whiff of islam is destined by god to be islamic for ever and ever . 
  no , you 're the stupid one . 
  the owner of said passport was born in _ 1992 _ , when crimea was unequivocally a part of ukraine , and the passport was issued in _ 2013 _ , when , guess what , crimea was still unequivocally a part of ukraine . 
  at best we 're dealing with a russian official who 's doing double duty as an irredentist cunt . 
  that 's not even the issue here :  according to the photograph , the passport was issued in december of 2013 , to a russian citizen born in 1992 . 
  crimea was n't russia in 1992 , was n't russia in 2013 . 
  it 's simply false data in a passport . 
  this may come as a surprise , but nk has a multi-party system . 
  so ussr was _ literally _ worse . 
  you 've got your old friends , we 've got ours . 
  sometimes blood is n't thicker .
