  all it was about was rescuing the tsar . 
  yup , but the tsar extended the contract following them dealing with dimitri . 
  the mercenaries were bolstered by 20000-30000 locals ( moral was rather high after their success ) and sent south against the poles . 
  and we all know how that went   it then dropped down to 1200 men ( de la gardie himself ) after the mercenaries left because they did n't get paid . 
  most of them left literally _ during the battle _ with the numerically vastly inferior polish side ( who 'd surprised them in camp ) . 
  it 's not that they did n't get paid , their monthly wages had arrived with no more delay than usual . 
  it 's that the wages were only partially in actual money , the rest in furs and shit like that , which the mercenaries did n't very much like . 
  they 'd had a bad experience a while earlier when , as they were fighting around moscow , their _ allies _ had looted their camp and taken their shitty so-called-wages . 
  for a mercenary , the only payment worth getting was cash that could be carried around with them . 
  there 's also a theory that de la gardie specifically delayed the payment so he 'd have to pay out less after the battle . 
  when the tide started turning against him he started handing out cash quickly ( effectively a bidding war between him and the poles ) , but he was beaten up by the mercs , lost all of it , and only survived thanks to swedes and finns whom he 'd paid first . 
  whatever else people say about jacob , you 've got to admit he was a fucking _ genius _ when it came to business , 
  that 's a common misunderstanding . 
  the swedes did n't capture moscow , they were invited there by the then-current tsar ( and paid from his pockets ) . 
  first to fight off a pretender to the throne ( one of the false dimitries ) who had moscow surrounded , then to move against the poles who were sieging ... sevastopol ? 
  edit : ... as you might have found out had you checked the wiki page for de la gardie campaign  though the wiki is somewhat incorrect . 
  it states `` 15000-strong swedish military unit '' was involved , though it was actually at most 3000 cavalry and 2000 infantry ( as per the wages requested , probably less in reality ) , and it had only a few units of swedes with the rest being mercenaries from western europe . 
  hmm , protestant work ethic ... it 's just frugal life and ability to work hard being seen as desirable traits . 
  derives from calvinism , afaik . 
  it 's more about the north/south protestant/catholic divide , really . 
  those in the north , used to work land in tougher climes , look down on those in south with their nice weather and easy life -- and enough free time to waste it on a pointlessly flashy version of christianity . 
  roughly : protestant north , catholic south , ordhodox east , with all the associated stereotypes , e.g. 
  `` protestant work ethic '' . 
  there are obvious exceptions , like catholic poland and orthodox greece . 
  any actual religious component is insignificant ; it 's just used in the same way that , say , the beer/wine divide is , or the former iron curtain , or hapsburg/ottoman , or any other simplified method of dividing the continent into easily understandable pieces . 
  he 'll be convicted in absentia , then . 
  he 'll be back inside after sochi . 
  as with pussy riot , it comes mere months before his time in prison would 've been up anyway . 
  although in his case new charges have been brought up already . 
  sweet , thanks !, 
  roden ( roslagen ) , the eastern part of svea rike . 
  not a coincidence . 
  we 're only ests because that 's what you germanics kept calling us . 
  the demonym we used ourselves , up to quite recently , was _ maarahvas _ -- literally `` land-people '' -- but as _ maa _ has a myriad of meanings in estonian ( including land , ground , countryside , earth , etc ) the closest translation would be `` people who live here '' . 
  estonian languague was , of course , called _ maakeel _ , `` the languague that 's spoken here '' . 
  we 're very ... territorial . 
  i 'd like to see a welsh one , tbh . 
  tough . 
  start with o , pull your lips back for a smile , raise your tongue a little . 
  should sound like [ this ] ( http://audiour.com/5aavyq3p ) . 
  but yeah , means the same . 
  yup . 
  that was combined from distinct words as well : \u00f5e \u00e4ia oa-aia oa-\u00f5ie au . 
  in estonian both hyphenated and non-hyphenated are considered valid , it 's a matter of preference and convenience . 
  the time you spent on fancy spelling we used to develop new phonemic lengths , just to fuck with you guys . 
  you can listen to someone on the radio who has perfect command of grammar and impeccable vocabulary , but , _ inevitably _ , he or she will make a tiny error in pronunciation and all listeners go `` oh , soomlane '' , 
  wait , it 's - reich , not - land . 
  also , east-land is , well , _ estland _ . 
  so enjoy _ idariik _ instead , 
  saxons were pretty big in northern crusades , though , which was the ` official ' introduction of germans to estonians , 
  ... and triple vowels . 
  and quadruple vowels . 
  compound words show no mercy . 
  a third of estonian is second-hand germanic . 
  _ franzos _ was borrowed from old low german . 
  _ - maa _ requires a possessive form in front of it , but that possessive form apparently does n't have to be in estonian . 
  compare our colloquial name for england - _ inglismaa _ , or english-land , 
  close , but _ rootsi _ is thought to have come from roslagen ( same source as rus ' ) , a part of what 's now sweden . 
  compare it to how the finns call us _ viro _ , after one of our northern counties , and the latvians call us _ igaunija _ , after one of our southern counties . 
  that 's an urban tale , though - back when they got the name there were no russians on the other side of lake peipus  it 's from veneti/wends , that is , we call them by the name some of them used before they became russians . 
  have n't met any taanis , but i know some taavis and taalis , 
   the presence of nato forces in poland correction : polish forces _ are _ nato forces . 
  they have eu - _ compatible _ laws . 
  which would be an advantage when it comes to negotiations , and would make fast tracking their application a viable option . 
  what 's inside the signed container is up to you . 
  you can take an used hankie , scan it in and sign the tiff if you wish . 
  then arj the resulting bdoc and sign it again . 
  they do . 
  outside the barricades , over the barricades . 
  first the danes , then you ... 
  german greens are confusing to everyone . 
  they seem to be the firebrand type , people who are incapable of focusing on more than one proposition at a time . 
  and that proposition has , for decades , been `` nuclear bad ! '', 
  japanese might , that 'd explain the weird usage of `` that person '' in translated manga that 's employed to hide the gender of the person indicated . 
  no gendered personal pronouns . 
  no grammatical gender whatsoever . 
  translating from and into other languagues is ... fun . 
  sensible . 
  to channel my inner conservative - if you do n't speak the local languague , you 're cut off from the wider society , and seriously disadvantaged when it comes to seeking employment . 
  if you do n't want to accept government-supported languague learning to alleviate these disadvantages , there 's cause to suspect you 'll be content with sticking to your ghetto and living off welfare . 
  how about we start acting as if ` the ethnic russians ' are some monolithic block , huh ? 
  do you think many of then do n't want to live in a normal country ? 
   you 'll see next to nothing on serious violations of human rights in the country with regards the treatment of homosexuals that 's understandable , in a perverse manner -- they could get sued under the same law . 
  and this time , we wo n't invite either of _ those guys _ . 
   their economy is also structured like a monarchy and not really based on a meritocratic capitalist system . 
  the word you 're looking for is _ feudalism _ . 
   banning olive oil are you perchance referring to the idea that the consumers should be guaranteed the quality of olive oil they receive and not be fobbed off with third-rate product in reused expensive bottles ? 
  voting for party of regions does n't cleanly translate into support for russian option . 
  the latter polled very low even in the east . 
  he did n't do it to punish them , but to be able to better exert control over them . 
  that , and to capitalize on rt brand , 
   i think there are also some reforms and other stuff that eu requires before they would sign with ukraine . 
  not before , _ after _ . 
  the reforms required being mostly of the type that make places nicer to live in in the long run . 
  at least two opposition leaders were asked to report to the prosecutors ' office today to be interviewed . 
  edit : both from the same party whose offices were later raided . 
  edit2 : you can forget about this part now :  a police spokeswoman said neither the regular kiev police nor berkut riot police had conducted any operations at the address . 
  ... as interior ministry has announced that the raid was authorized by the courts due to concerned citizens having reported that stolen computer equipment was used at the premises . 
  not _ the _ opposition , hq of _ an _ opposition party was raided . 
  several media outlets have been getting ddosed badly for past few hours .
