  the photograph serves as a sign of a society that 's ... not exactly stagnating , but not moving forward either . 
  the ` young bucks ' are more likely to exhibit violent behaviour in search of cachet if the other ways of acquiring status in a society are either severely restricted or closed off altogether . 
  best example of same is libya , where young men destined to spend their lives on the lower rungs of society took up arms en masse , partially in order to - to put it bluntly - increase their marriage outlooks ( especially in an islamic society ) . 
  which girl wants to get hitched to a nobody , which father wants one as a son-in-law ? 
  it 's another thing to be courted by an heroic revolutionary . 
  people sometimes ask `` why do they fight '' ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kokdepb.jpg ) seems to be as good a reason as any . 
  simply ramming the barricades with apcs , huh . 
   those left are merely people who wish the violence to continue yanuk wishes nothing more than a return to status quo , for the violence to stop and everything to return to business as usual . 
  does that make the cunt a good guy ? 
   those protesting against yan 's policies are long gone . 
  assumptions again . 
  those left are largely people who wish for a resolution of the current fuckup . 
  maybe violent , maybe nonviolent , but _ not _ business as usual . 
   they identify as center-left . 
  center-left they are then . 
  what someone self-identifies as matters about as little as the values they claim to espouse . 
  past few years ? 
  you must be lying , because the only violent civilians on the streets are the protesters . 
  bookmark the first one , gents and ladies . 
  you can use it the next time someone goes `` titushki ? 
  what titushki ? 
  not entirely , no . 
  your assumption that yanuk is somehow representative of `` the left '' is derived from your belief that his opponents are from `` the right '' . 
  do you seriously think there are no leftists on the maidan ? 
  no centrists ? 
  no liberals ? 
  always check your assumptions . 
  when you wake up , check your assumptions . 
  when you open your mouth , check your assumptions . 
  when you open a text entry box , check your assumptions . 
  because if one thing is true , it 's that someone somewhere is hard at work creating pre-packaged assumptions for you , to control you , to turn you into a tool to be used . 
   switching left wing for right wing wo n't be such a happy ending . 
  left wing ? 
  yanuk is _ left wing _ ? 
  the fuck are you smoking , dude , 
   death to fascism . . that 's the key part . 
  somewhat simplified : the state religion of ussr and later russia was and is `` the great patriotic war '' , or ww2 as the rest of the world knows it . 
  nazis were _ the _ great evil , and the soviet ( implicitly russian ) people , by soloing _ the _ great evil , proved themselves to be _ the _ good side . 
  evil people - `` fascists '' , good people - `` us '' . 
  that 's the ideology that was drilled into us back then , and is being pushed by russian state media today . 
  now , that kind of mental programming leaves one open to external influences when they co-opt the message . 
  it 's enough for those in power to point their finger at someone and go `` there 's a fascist !, 
  attack ! '', 
  and the brains of a significant subset of the population go `` run program ww2 '' . 
  there 's no subtlety , there 's no doubt , you just go and smash the fascists whoever they may be . 
  it 's like pointing at someone and calling `` there 's a terrorist !, 
  attack !, 
  '' , only more subtle and much , much more pervasive due to literally generations ' worth of brainwashing . 
  the young idiots on the web are fighting fascists . 
  the police on the ground are fighting fascists . 
  were the military to get involved , they 'd be fighting fascists . 
  once you tag someone as fascist , they stop being people . 
  those guys in helmets and camo ? 
  fascists . 
  the girls with red crosses on them ? 
  fascists . 
  the little old lady digging up paving stones ? 
  fascist . 
  random passers-by in the wrong place at the wrong time ? 
  fascists . 
  what do you do with fascists ? 
  you kill them , simple as that . 
   but they 're not little old ladies . 
  not entirely correct . 
  ( my mum was born in 1944 , when that war was still going on . 
  she survived stalin , khrushchev , brezhnev . 
  today she went to maidan with empty bottles . 
  my comment from another thread :  anyone who goes around calling people fascists willy-nilly in this day and age is either a former hardcore far leftist who 's lived in denial for the past quarter of a century , or someone whose view on the world has been formed under the guidance of russian state media during the past decade or so . 
   furthermore : it 's a sad fact , but in most of the eastern europe ( and often enough in the west ) anyone calling themselves antifascists can be with relative certainty assumed to be a part of pro-russian pressure group . 
   basically , the terms have lost all meaning apart from signifying the position those using them hold themselves . 
   a large community can have a diverse set of opinions and the democracy assumes that majority is always right . 
  that 's why modern democracies are n't outright `` dictatorships of the majority '' but have checks and balances built in . 
  disarm , then see if you 're still being attacked ? 
  what a wonderful idea . 
  it _ did not start out like this _ in syria . 
  russia and china blocked any action on syria for two fucking years after the massacres , so the victims had the time to morph into a resistance , and the resistance had time to radicalize . 
  because the only ones offering any help from outside the country during that time were the islamist nutjobs , and they slowly took over . 
   we have a civil war brewing here if they 're not careful so , send in the army ? 
  the army whose loyalties are as confused as anyone 's in the country ? 
   st petesburg/petrograd/leningrad or tallinn/reval bad examples , as the first had those names sequentially , not concurrently , and the second 's ` old ' name is n't used by anyone but the oldest people in a few countries . 
  props for two n 's in tallinn , though , 
  born in crimea , afaik . 
  his rhetoric gives him away . 
  anyone who goes around calling people _ fascists _ willy-nilly in this day and age is either a former hardcore far leftist who 's lived in denial for the past quarter of a century , or someone whose view on the world has been formed under the guidance of russian state media during the past decade or so . 
  furthermore : it 's a sad fact , but in most of the eastern europe ( and often enough in the west ) anyone calling themselves _ antifascists _ can be with relative certainty assumed to be a part of pro-russian pressure group . 
  basically , the terms have lost all meaning apart from signifying the position those using them hold themselves . 
  there 's a similarity in that , given the chance , russia may once again ` contain ' the situation long enough to give both sides time to radicalize , thus making supporting either of the warring sides more and more unpalatable for the westerners . 
  i wonder if same applies to the police . 
  out of 5 dead policemen who have been identified , 3 had been bussed in from donbass and crimea . 
   a journalist has also died . 
  more [ here ] ( http://vesti.ua/kiev/38221-pogib-korrespondent-vestej-vjacheslav-veremij ) ( rus ) and [ here ] ( http://www.kyivpost.com/content/kyiv/euromaidan-rallies-in-ukraine-feb-19-live-updates-337098.html ) :  vesti writes its journalist vyacheslav veremei died today early morning after he was shot by unknown men in masks on velyka zhytomyrska street last night . 
  veremei and his colleague it specialist oleksiy lymarenko were attacked when they were coming back from work on taxi . 
  the assailants pulled them and the taxi driver out of the car and brutally beat them . 
  lymarenko and the taxi driver received serious injuries . 
  -- _ anastasia forina _ vesti is more prominent in eastern part of the country , but their coverage has been relatively neutral , verging on sympathetic . 
  moomin world . 
  nope . 
  to german ear you 're still pronouncing two different vowels instead of ` a ' in ` mason ' . 
  i go by dominant usage for long periods of time , not the amount of native speakers .
