  i doubt they 'll be confirming this , iran and russia are working together in syria . 
  lack of grammatical gender is great ... then you find out we _ still _ have 69 noun declensions . 
   well , we make up for the small number of cases with five grammatical genders . 
  :p grammatical genders are devil 's work . 
   the case system nearly broke me when learning german . 
  then i arrive to poland to find they 've added three extra . 
  that 's what ... seven total ? 
  you ai n't seen nothing yet , 
  reflexive denial , it 's common . 
   a _ nordic _ neighbour fixed that for ya . 
   i blame russia when russia is to blame i think it 's fair , do n't you ? 
   you 're not even trying to engage in earnest dicussion which part of  where do you get such a warped view on this issue ? 
  i bet your also the type of person that blames russia for all of your little problems . 
  ... was an invitation for discussion ? 
  what us invasion ? 
  a no-fly zone would 've been a good start , and proper libyan-style air support would have gone a long way . 
  nah , i quite like latvia . 
   i would n't call supplying the rebels with thousands of missiles , training and gear `` inaction '' . 
  the fact that we created equally strong sides allowed this war to stagnate and last this long to begin with . 
  yes , that 's what i 've been saying . 
  we did n't do _ enough _ . 
   you 're literally trying to justify the pointless deaths of thousands of people , by saying that was n't even a whole lot . 
  no , i 'm saying that _ our inaction _ led to a massive increase in the number of deaths . 
   where do you draw the limit of `` okay , that thousand of people is not okay anymore '' ? 
  i draw the line at when an autocrat sends his army against unarmed civilians . 
  especially when those civilians have goals i agree with , but that 's just me being subjective . 
   lol people do n't learn ? 
  well , what have we learned from leaving assad in power for those past 4 years ? 
  ~ 330k + dead , 5 _ million _ refugees . 
  compare to libya : 15-25k dead during the war , 5-15k in post-war strife , 80-200k refugees . 
  fyi , pre-conflict populations were ~ 6m for libya , ~ 18m for syria . 
  should 've let gaddafi in power , ofc , things would be _ so much better _ in libya now . 
  which countries do n't differentiate between refugees and immigrants ? 
  no , but i _ do _ blame russia for problems russia is a cause of , and i assign them the appropriate share of blame for problems they contribute to . 
  edgy , i know . 
  fsa only came about _ after _ assad sent tanks against pro-democracy demonstrators , at their core were those in the military who resisted the orders who joined up with the former demonstrators . 
  right now it 's a three-way fight between assad , isis and syrian opposition ( including the kurds ) . 
  russia 's goal in bombing non-is groups is to make it into a _ two-way _ fight , forcing the west to support the least worse option , i.e. 
  assad . 
  we should 've taken out assad directly , back when we had the chance . 
  the country would be in disarray , but not the hellhole it is right now . 
  i mean , people speak about how bad the situation in libya is , but since the war started in syria , both the losses and refugee numbers there have exceeded those in libya by orders of magnitude . 
  but of course , russia protected assad from international action even back then . 
  edit : sorry , i missed that part at first :  why would assad fuck over his regime on purpose ? 
  assad saw what happens when you let arab spring get out of hand in egypt . 
  he then saw what happens when you counter it with violence w/o backing in un security council in libya . 
  he 's been _ protecting _ his regime , not fucking it over . 
   quickly after that withdraw the big guns from ukraine right , they definitely did that . 
  who 's talking about handing out citizenships ? 
  ... but , according to russia , not assad . 
  that is , the cunt who started this war in the first place . 
  you 're assuming i support a quick solution and therefore a , shall we say , _ final _ solution . 
  i believe this assumption says more about you than about me . 
  a sustainable deconversion process would take generations . 
  raise living standards , provide viable alternatives , stuff like that . 
  but no , i must be _ obviously _ advocating genocide because some people do n't grok long-term thinking . 
  am i , really now ? 
  because _ kinder , k\u00fcche , kirche _ better demonstrates the time commitment required past the initial shag ? 
  history , yay !, 
   well then how about we just breed more ? 
  force women to have more children ? 
   or have a government program that encourages it ? 
  we have those , they are n't effective enough . 
   or reduce government spending so that we do n't need so many people to tax . 
  sudden drop in retirees ' living standards ? 
  they vote , y' know . 
   there are all sorts of options you can look at before selecting the one of replacing the native population . 
  _ replacing . _ all or nothing , huh ? 
  how about _ augmenting _ or _ supplementing _ or _ reinforcing _ ? 
  because it 's the `` white countries '' that have demographic problems ? 
   the question , then . 
  is what happens if you suddenly take a large body of water and dump it in the river . 
  all rivers need a continuous supply of fresh water , or they 'll dry up . 
  the main concern should not be keeping fresh water out , it should be keeping the riverbed solid enough that the new water does n't force sudden , drastic changes but gets carried by the already present flow . 
  it has to be , shall we say , assimilated ? 
  water is important , but it 's not important past having enough of it to constitute a river ; water alone is not _ the river _ , and it 's the river that must survive . 
  if you focus on the qualities of water over those of the river you 'll end up with ... a wadi ? 
  mmkay , this analogy has officially gone too far . 
  nice point with the generations , it 's positively darwinian  the changes from one to another are small , but the differences between generations further apart are more pronounced . 
  not one of us would be welcomed as kin or kith by our ancestors just 10 or 15 generations ago -- we speak too strange a languague , have too strange habits , too strange ideas . 
  and the change has been , indeed , accelerating . 
  it follows that we ourselves ca n't know with _ any _ certainty what our descendants will speak , what they 'll do and what they 'll think in 300 years . 
  the best we can do is to identify the core values and work on strengthening those , not focus on insignificant minutiae . 
  in the survival of a culture the ancestors are of little import as long as the descendants come out alright . 
  it 's reasonable alright , it 's just not practical . 
  from what i 've observed , there are two main problems with preserving your way of life . 
  firstly , you might be trying to preserve something that was fictional in the first place , an ideal that was never real . 
  trying to recreate an imaginary utopia leads , at best , to frustration . 
  secondly , you might be trying to recreate an ideal that _ was _ real at some point , but has become inaccessible due to natural processes . 
  times change , people change , _ peoples _ change , and holding on to a moment of time only brings you further away from the now . 
  trying to preserve a way of life wholesale is a fruitless undertaking . 
   i can look past immediate unpleasant compromises for the sake of net benefits to europe and the wider world . 
  well , i see it as putting off an inconvenience today whilst betting on it not turning into an even larger problem tomorrow . 
  which it 's likely to because a ) you just taught your opponent that belligerence gives results and b ) you just significantly increased their economic and population base . 
  edit : what you 're proposing is , in effect , a pre-emptive tactical retreat . 
  likely the first of several . 
  handing over territory and people to your opponent whenever he demands some is not a sustainable strategy . 
  check my flag , eejit . 
  i grew up next to a russian military base , and i definitely do n't want them to return - something you 'd be seemingly ok with . 
  _ apparently _ , lol .
