   recent opinion polls page 37 . edit : wtf , page 92 . 
  people oftern forget that oo/lo does n't compete with mso , but with _ pirated _ mso . 
  yeah , it 'd require a ) compatible legal systems and b ) a marriage of equals . 
  there 's a split town ( valga/valka ) on the border of estonia and latvia that 's been _ de facto _ meshing pretty well over the past decade . 
  it 's an effect of schengen + free movement of services , neither of which are the case with narva/ivangorod . 
  of course , to draw parallels with crimea , ivangorod _ used _ to be estonian territory before a blatantly partial leader of ussr transferred it to russia in 1945 , 
  in 2010 they were gathering signatures in ivangorod to join narva under estonia . 
  it was a project by a local city councilor to draw attention to how shit their condition was as compared to narva . 
  did n't you guys plan to make narva a second capital once upon a time ? 
  it 's not paranoia if they 're really out to get you . 
  russia disappointed by the lack of violence against non-ukrainians in ukraine , makes shit up to compensate . 
  ideologies are unavoidable . 
  carefully choosing those you let to affect you is the sane option . 
  always checking whether it 's you or the ideology speaking is the sane option . 
  _ staying in control _ is the sane option , 
  it 's easy on both extremes , tbh . 
  the further you go , the simpler the ideology becomes . 
   if he says things against the country keeping him fed , watered and safe he did n't even do that . 
  you have to read the whole interview . 
   doubt they 'll want to cut off ukraine completely from the black sea ... why would n't they ? 
   the territories where russians are a majority only in crimea were ethnic russians a clear majority . 
  they have majority in some eastern _ cities _ , but they 're balanced out by the rural population so only one or two regions are even more than a third ethnic russian . 
  yeah , the references in this one are much newer . 
  though this one is rather clever : `` all estonia 's greatest military successes have been in latvia '' . 
  i read it nearly 20 years ago , in a newspaper that did n't survive the 20th century . 
  the only other one i remember was about latvia being the perfect bridgehead for attacking lithuania . 
   odds are those waving the flag of the ussr equate it more with the glory days of the soviet union as an imperialistic superpower as opposed to a champion of the ideals of communism . 
  yup . 
  i read a top-10 list once called `` ten reasons why estonia should attack latvia '' . 
  the # 1 was `` whom else ? '', 
  i met a couple of those in us , in mid-90s . 
  middle class , well-educated , utterly fucked up brain-wise . 
  left a lasting impression . 
  oh no , not all of them , not by far . 
  it takes a very special kind of snowflake to take juche seriously  bad wording there , sorry . 
  you can compare it to north korea . 
  juche was developed for , and is taken seriously by , the left in the west . 
  because the older people on far left have fond memories of the ussr , and are willfully blind to the changes that have taken place in russia since it fell . 
  well done . 
  reminded me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytvenk-inay ) . 
  something they show are faces sans balaclavas . 
  i thought is was uncharacteristically balanced for wsws , devoid of the usual blatant ideology and overt anti-capitalist rhetoric . 
  then i read the last sentence , 
  more personae non gratae in the making ? 
   estonia and latvia were occupied by the soviet union , but still managed to climb and claw their way out of a deep pit of corruption and soviet-style `` business '' ( in a broader sense , not just financial business ) . 
  in retrospect , the key seems to have been bringing new people in . 
  as in - look at the countries in which the former soviet elite remained in power and the old structures remained in place . 
  basically , the countries that had active independence ( or re-independence ) movements had _ momentum _ after ussr fell , while the others had to run on _ inertia _ . 
  thanks . 
  for some reason i had n't tagged him as someone to keep an eye on , apparently a massive mistake there , 
  the elections in may will be for president . 
  iirc the time for rada elections has n't been announced yet . 
  btw , who is poroshenko , and why is his party that has n't effectively existed for a decade suddenly polling so high ? 
  something estonian entrepreneurs have learned the hard way over past two decades : _ never _ bet the whole business on russia . 
  if you do , and ca n't reorient your products to a different market at the drop of a hat , you 'll be hostage to the caprices of russian government and their idiosyncratic approach to rules and regulations . 
  more important than the three above , definitely , 
  not part of the cabinet , i.e. 
  not a minister . 
  technically part of the judicial branch of government , though . 
  it 's silly of you to ignore the parliamentary politics that went on in parallel . 
  the government was brought down _ by the democratically elected parliament _ , not your mythical `` armed paramilitaries '' . 
  let me try to explain . 
  after the 2012 elections , the party of regions had the largest faction in the parliament by far . 
  they had more representatives than the next three factions ( batkivshchyna , udar & svoboda ) combined , so they , the communists and part of the unaffiliated representatives ( about 10 % of the parliament ) had the majority and voted in the azarov government . 
  a government voted in by the democratically elected parliament ( a `` democratically elected government '' some eejits around here call it ) . 
  now we come to euromaidan . 
  by that time party of regions had further increased their lead by picking up about half of the independents during the intervening period , so their position was even stronger . 
  then - november 30 , and police beating up student demonstrators on maidan . 
  first representatives left por faction within days , citing ethical considerations . 
  can you see where this is leading ? 
  under parliamentary systems the power relations within a parliament can change , and sometimes change fast . 
  as the violent crackdown intensified in february , the por faction lost _ a third of their remaining representatives _ in less than a week ; representatives who did n't want to be associated with the crackdown - or the president . 
  and all that happened _ while the parliament building was still behind the police lines _ , and neither the protesters nor your imaginary paramilitaries had n't reached it yet . 
  por was in such a sorry shape that they went public distancing themselves from both the president and the crackdown . 
  the azarov government had lost their majority support . 
  now , what happens when a government loses parliamentary support ? 
  they resign . 
  or , the pm resigns and the government goes with him . 
  which is precisely what happened . 
  but by that time two _ new _ factions had formed in the parliament , economic development ( mostly former por members ) and seu ( former independents and por members ) . 
  so by the time of your `` coup '' the power relations in parliament were roughly as follows : por ~ 120 , batkivshchyna ~ 90 ; udar , svoboda , communists and the new guys -- ed & seu - had all around 35 members . 
  start doing the math  basically , thanks to yanukovych 's crackdown , `` his '' government lost its backing . 
  the three opposition parties _ and _ the new factions agreed to set up a new government _ with broad parliamentary backing _ in order to attempt stabilizing the situation . 
  por _ supported that move _ , even if they declared they would n't be participating in the new government . 
  if the azarov government was legitimate because it had the elected parliament 's backing , then _ so is the yatseniuk government _ . 
  now tell me again : _ how was it a coup _ ? 
  edit : and respect to those por representatives who did n't compromise themselves while the going was good to necessitate a literal escape from the country at slightest hint of power changing . 
  it 's largely thanks to the few dozen of them who showed up to vote during those few critical days that the rada was quorate . 
  how was it a coup ? 
  second vice prime minister , minister of agrarian policy , minister of ecology . 
  that 's what , three ? 
  also : svoboda and right sector are different entities . 
  silly nigel . 
  you do n't go poking a _ sleeping _ bear . 
  if the bear is already awake then grabbing a stick becomes the sensible option . 
  he was in second round of eu sanctions , from 20th . 
  probably entered schengen before that . 
  the question of legitimacy deals with how the referendum was run , not what the results were . 
  for various reasons it was illegitimate even if it was 110 % clean . 
  plenty of room to do it in that mausoleum of his ,
