  it 's more socially acceptable to not call oneself a christian :  not only not practising their faith on a regular basis , but not even ticking the box, 
   v\u00e4ljak\u00e4ik ( `` out-going place '' , somewhat ambiguous ) nah , it 's just `` going outside '' , a repurposed colloquialism from before indoor plumbing became a thing . 
  sweden was _ technically _ safer . 
  a particular post-war episode comes to mind , when sweden started sharing data on escaped `` soviet citizens '' with ussr and forcing soviet passports on them . 
  yes , protestantism played a significant role . 
  in addition to that we had a century 's worth of head start with our education system thanks to the initiatives under the swedish empire . 
   i never got the sense that the baltic countries were particularly anti-nazi , to put it mildly . 
  two points to bring up . 
  firstly , it 's difficult in hindsight for us to judge the choices made by people who were -- as opposed to those on the other side of nazi germany -- intimately acquainted with the day-to-day realities of both sick empires fighting over them . 
  secondly , beware of the `` if you 're not with us , you 're against us '' interpretation of history employed by russian propaganda . 
  according to them if one is n't willing to worship on the altar of soviet triumph , they must , by default , be worshipping nazis . 
  for those who see the world in black and white the simple concept of `` red shit , brown shit , same shit '' of those caught in the middle does n't compute . 
   my point is that the ussr did n't try to make the baltics into backward agricultural nations as you read the linked article , you must 've noticed that maintaining the perception of baltics ' pre-occupation backwardness was a major undertaking by the occupying power ( i mean , the trick with exchange rates , wtf ? ) . 
  russian propaganda still pretends the brutal subjugation of neighboring countries was to bring them into modernity , whereas it 's patently obvious the soviet rule only served to retard the development of baltic states . 
  this should also answer your last point -- russia acts hurt for us not being appropriately grateful for the wonders of the soviet system , and wo n't stop describing us as leeches . 
  that 's why this kind of research is badly needed , not sourced from published statistics , or propaganda in contemporary media , but from the actual primary sources of day-to-day bookkeeping . 
  to use your metaphor , the rich guy that complains about paying more than the poor guy can be shown to have been stealing form the poor guy all that time . 
  oh , i follow the line of thought . 
  my problem with it is the `` under the rule of the ussr '' part , that is , involuntary participation in said projects . 
   for example , as traditionally interpreted a nuclear arsenal buys security from a nuclear attack . 
  to the extent that this is true , building a nuclear arsenal provided the baltic states with security , which is a great benefit . 
  strange , other countries in the region managed just fine without a nuclear arsenal . 
  could it be -- and stop me if i 'm wrong -- that the need for nuclear deterrence arose from the fact of soviet occupation ? 
   ( and before that , they were the backwater region of a backwater empire ) that 's where you betray your lack of actual information . 
  the baltic provinces in russian empire had by far the highest literacy rates ( beating both st.petersburg & moscow , for example ) , and easily counted among most industrialized regions in the empire . 
  those two aspects being , obviously , related , as the latter relies on educated workforce . 
  edit : on a more conciliatory note , [ here 's ] ( http://www.va.lv/sites/default/files/lv_psrs_norekini2016_final_eng_final.pdf ) an article krumins wrote that deals specifically with the late 40s you bring up . 
  ca n't hide the genes , huh ? 
  thanks for the explanation in title . 
  i 've seen it many times , but for some reason ive never grokked they 're parodying mainlanders , 
  it 's not about the structure , it 's about the country . 
  there 's plenty of stuff we know the locations of , but as the country involved is , shall we say , _ not germany _ , there 's virtually no chance of getting it back . 
  they 're not covering it . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  the best kind of cally . 
  military importance . 
  it was even considered a candidate for a second capital for a while . 
  edit : funny thing about narva is that -- due to geography -- its defensive capability was always aimed eastwards . 
  which meant it was always more important to _ not _ russia than it was to russia , and the reason why russia sought to neutralize it whenever they had the control over it . 
  iirc meduza was set up by former lenta.ru journos who quit when it was brought under government control . 
   ... a deliberate caricature of the very worst type of serbian politician . 
  he comes complete with fake university diploma , wealth that is unaccounted for and a tendency to make empty populist promises to win votes . 
  the writer 's on the point , too . 
  even if the article had n't been good , i 'd have upvoted for kommersant . 
  good russian sources should be promoted . 
  while islamic extremism in bosnia is imported , not homegrown , there 's no denying that it 's been enough to send hundreds of bosniaks to fight with isis . 
  bosnia has been a major center for islamic extremism in europe for over a decade , and as opposed to other countries in europe , the jihadis their police pick up are almost exclusively natives . 
  laconic , that . 
  tallinn , estonia : $ 23x12 = $ 276 , or $ 0 if you 're a resident , i.e. 
  you pay your taxes here . 
  russia 's goal is to have the second round choice be between le pen and fillon - they come out ahead either way . 
  he did . 
   considering the fact that you left the union 26 freakin years ago . 
  a generation and change , that . 
   you should tell them to go fuck themselves , plain and simple . 
  funny story , i actually punched a german dude once . 
  we 'd been chatting in german , and he switched to russian when he found out i was from estonia . 
  admittedly , alcohol was involved . 
  you 're greek , huh ? 
  so am i justified in thinking you 're middle-eastern , muslim , speak turkish and stuff your face with shish kebab every chance you get ? 
  or would you prefer i find out what `` greek '' is before i assume it 's a compilation of turkish stereotypes due to you guys living in a former ottoman territory ? 
  people have an image of `` former ussr '' , and by calling us that you stick us in the same basket with a bunch of autocratic - stans , a couple of slav inbetweens and fucking russia . 
  perceptions matter , and as long we get called `` former ussr '' we have to keep explaining that no , we do n't all speak russian , we are n't easter orthodox , we do n't live in an autocratic shithole , etc. 
  ffs , i do n't have fucking babushkas , i have grandmothers . 
  have n't you noticed how pro-putin trumpaloos have become ? 
   a few hundred thousand are you calling le pen a cheap whore ? 
  he was being set up as a scapegoat , as he had `` form '' for failing to get eu to accept cameron 's unacceptable demands last year . 
  different churches . 
  russians are orthodox , ratas is ... dunno , a baptist ? 
  you misunderstood my comment , then . 
   `` so my interpretation is that in russia there are competitors to wikileaks . '', 
  competitors which the west , apparently , lacks . 
   still waiting for wikileaks to leak something substantial on russians and i have a feeling that it 's not going to happen . 
  you 'll be waiting a long time : `` in russia , there are many vibrant publications , online blogs , and kremlin critics such as [ alexey ] navalny are part of that spectrum . 
  there are also newspapers like `` novaya gazeta '' , in which different parts of society in moscow are permitted to critique each other and it is tolerated , generally , because it is n't a big tv channel that might have a mass popular effect , its audience is educated people in moscow . 
  so my interpretation is that in russia there are competitors to wikileaks . '' - assange , just a few days ago . 
  documents _ from _ russia , not documents _ about _ russia . 
  the same reason russia always gets high points from us in eurovision - immigrants rooting for the old country . 
  what would have been the alternative ? 
  keeping the prison full and running so the guards would n't lose their jobs ? 
  worth it . 
  gone a long way , too . 
  we 've very little trouble with tourists . 
  it 's some of the n-th generation ` locals ' that have issues . 
  russia is backing assad , period . 
  that was a temporary exhibition , iirc . 
  connections ? 
   maybe the eu should give crimeans free visa travel um ... did n't you read the headline ? 
   no , most brexiters do n't care about migrating to europe , and the working-class certainly do n't . 
  not those kinds of jobs . 
  if capital has free movement and labour does n't , the ` old money ' countries enjoy a significant advantage . 
  your banks can compete with our banks , but our workers ca n't compete with yours . 
  there are way more russian troops in countries bordering nato ( not including russia itself ) than there are us troops in countries bordering russia . 
  umm ... how do you think bride kidnapping worked ? 
  feel free to remove the question marks , 
   the great terror was murdering people of all ethnicities , it 's not been an act against poles alone , even though they made up the biggest group of victims . 
  it did target specific ethnicities , though . 
  that 's why we have the documents explicitly ordering going after x amount of poles ( or estonians , or latvians ) . 
  i thought snapchat already did ? 
  it 's not up to us to decide what they call themselves ,
