  all post-soviet ez members are on roughly similar level . 
  sprinting , yes , but from a starting position that was 50 years behind western europe . 
  lots of catching up to do . 
  do n't you see the difference between `` removing privileges '' and `` targeted taxation '' ? 
  syriza put hold to all reforms already agreed upon when they assumed power . 
   on one side you have the prosperous countries ahem . 
  also latvia , lithuania , slovenia , slovakia ... 
   in my experience , since 2013 i 've never had an incident where a store owner offered me a cash discount , or did n't produce a receipt . 
  data point of one , i know ... data point of two , the receipts suddenly started appearing a couple of years ago . 
  still plenty of occasions where they do n't , but i 've not had a blatant discount offer for many months . 
  i do n't think there is a best outcome , or even a good one -- except when we 're ( well , the germans are ) clever enough to use this shock to push for further fiscal integration . 
  in the short run it 's important not to make decisions that 'd boost anti-eu sentiment across ez . 
  the equation is somewhat more complex in non-ez countries , ofc , they can afford to let the solidarity narrative to dominate ... but in uk and poland , for example , greek default would boost euro credibility . 
  they 've already pretty much accepted getting nothing , but admitting it in public would be a political suicide . 
  letting greece default and quit euro is a more tenable solution than debt relief ( see above ) and betting even more money on greece cleaning up its act . 
  let 's face it , greek pride has led them to paint themselves into a perfect scapegoat corner . 
  they might have , had the greek government 's response not been `` oh , we 'll have pension reform in 2020 , then '' . 
   that is the idea of a democratic europe :( greece is n't the only demos in ez . 
  it 's not about `` the people '' versus some hazy evil banksters and bureucrats . 
  the troika consists of imf , ecb ( which represents our money ) and ec ( which represents our peoples ) . 
  this democracy problem manifests itself in two main aspects : 1 ) the financial ministers in troika represent 18 demoi . 
  330ish million people . 
  _ any _ deal with greece is one that they 'll have to go back and sell to their parliaments & people . 
  greece needs 18 good friends who are willing to stake their political careers just on an attempt to help them , and greeks ' behaviour makes finding those friends exceedingly difficult . 
  had greece behaved like an adult -- moved forward with reforms in a timely manner , stayed away from the fucking hyperbole -- selling any new rescue plan to the other countries would 've been easier . 
  it might 've even been doable . 
  but as things stand now , for a majority of ez governments any lenience on greece equals playing with electoral fire . 
  2 ) spain will have elections this year , ireland next spring . 
  were the creditors to grant greece unconditional ( or even conditional ) debt relief , all other countries that are going or have gone through hard times to pay off theirs will be understandably miffed . 
  even if the current governments make it through to the elections , there 's a good chance parties will be elected who campaign on the promise to copy syriza 's pathos-laden blackmail which by then would be shown to be a viable tactic . 
  we simply could n't afford that , financially . 
  basically , any new , softer deal with greece has the potential to bring about massive political instability in eu . 
  it 's easier for all involved to let them exit the ez while making that exit as soft as possible . 
  and prepare humanitarian aid . 
  they have low rates , and `` payment stop '' until 2020 was proposed . 
   everybody says he 's the problem . 
  everybody says he 's _ a _ problem . 
  ela funding was n't limited , it simply was n't raised . 
   that is literally what terrorism is . 
  so you 're saying he _ did _ call them terrorists ? 
  you got that deal in 2012 . 
  ouch , so they _ really _ do n't have a plan b. 
   november 2012 framework, 
  problem is , this government already reneged on the last deal . 
  what trust can there be that they 'd stick to a new one ? 
   the austerity measures currently proposed `` currently '', 
  4-6 weeks at least , just to print the money . 
  2 weeks from the moment they start printing even if they go with barest functional minimum of ( literal ) cash to start with . 
  also -- as with everything -- rushed jobs cost more . 
  let 's hope they like soup number five . 
  greece was on a ( possibly ) sustainable path until tsipras put kibosh on the previously agreed-upon reforms and announced he 'd `` get better terms '' . 
  it 's about how much you collect in relation to how much you spend . 
  it 's ok to collect less if you spend less . 
  it 's _ not _ ok to collect less when you spend a shitload . 
  ez ca n't throw them out directly , but ecb can cut ela ( emergency liquidity assistance ) without a new deal , which would mean that greece would run out of money quick and _ has _ to issue a new currency . 
  by taking that step , they 'd effectively exit ez by themselves . 
  angie has been pissing away her political capital like there 's no tomorrow just to get greeks the deals they 've already gotten . 
  she has every right to be annoyed . 
   as i have repeatedly said , europeans have no idea what is happening in greece right now . 
  i remember rationing . 
  do you have rationing ? 
  do you have to stand in line to buy food not because you do n't have any money but because there 's little food ? 
  any time greeks go on about how horrible their lives have become , millions and millions of eastern europeans go `` wtf , you have n't seen anything yet . '', 
  have some pride . 
  hell , have some perspective . 
  ach , a good point . 
  did syriza pay for those ads , or did the government ? 
  yes , obviously the \u03cc\u03c7\u03b9 camp crowdfunded all their posters & leaflets , 
  `` not being able to maintain your inflated living standards '' = oppressed . 
  understood . 
   no on the other hand . . was plastered on every fucking wall . 
   i find it strange that this referendum is about a very specific `` take it or leave it '' deal agreement that was offered to the greek government , and no one in this thread actually addresses it . 
  because the deadline for accepting that deal has passed . 
  furthermore , greek economy is in a much worse state than when that deal was still on the table . 
   maybe the government shifted blame , that 's true , but that agreement would never pass through greek parliament , that was the problem . 
  so it 's easier to pass a different deal in 18 different parliaments ? 
  greece has a debt problem and a governance problem . 
  the creditors demand that governance problem be handled before debt problem can be brought on the table , the greek government demands that debt be dealt with first . 
  the issue is that the creditors have lost their trust in _ any _ greek government to do what they 've promised , so for the foreseeable future the stick has to come before the carrot because otherwise the creditors fear ( and for a very good reason ) that greece will take the carrot and fuck off . 
  give the man a fish , etc. 
  cut the hyperbole . 
  an intelligence agency that does n't trace leaks and plug their sources is an agency that 's shit at its job . 
  if all those `` brave people '' do is what you wrote above , i 'm ok with that . 
  the rest , like snowden , can go fuck themselves . 
  us agencies spy on publication that publishes stories based on leaked ( or `` leaked '' ) information . 
  i ca n't be the only one who thinks they have a good reason to ? 
  we did n't have to cut that much spending because we had n't been overspending - we could afford to go into deficit to tide us over while fiscal consolidation took place . 
  what we _ did _ have was much sharper drop in gdp than greece , along with wage cuts in public & private sectors , freeze on pensions , tax increases , sharp increase in unemployment , drying up of direct foreign investment , emergency sale of government property , endangered banking systems ... any of that sound familiar ? 
  i 'm not saying we were , somehow , extraordinarily clever in dealing with the crisis . 
  it 's just that our specific structural weaknesses that led to it were matched by the measures we undertook , i.e. 
  we got lucky , pretty much . 
  another factor is that -- as opposed to greeks who seem to redefine the expression every few months -- most of our adult population actually has a pretty good idea what rock bottom might look like . 
   even if that was true , how exactly did they expected to finance the greek state 's expenditures for the next six years ? 
  i have no clue , and i doubt they had one , either . 
  the expression `` it 's all greek to me '' has acquired a sad undertone lately . 
  so greece did the adult thing and decided to voluntarily hold their breath until they either get what they want or they pass out ? 
  it 's not about a particular ideology , it 's about the ability of a loud enough minority within a party to drag it towards more extreme positions in times of trouble . 
  just look at the tea party fuckwits in us . 
   how about you accept that and go back to your people humiliated your _ peoples _ , 18 of them . 
  they may be powerful enough to stage a marxist revolution within their own party .
