   after all russia and the cis states legally dismantled the soviet union . 
  the baltic states were never in cis _ therefore _ they were n't participating in the _ legal _ process _ therefore _ they left _ illegally _ . 
  probably makes sense if you 're a russian prosecutor . 
  the pm is beholden to the whole nation , not only the n % of the population who voted for him . 
  no , austerity works if you actually _ do it _ . 
  greece , instead , has been using their time in the quicksand since 2008 randomly trashing about , half assedly implementing the absolute minimum or measures to keep the aid coming in . 
  with every year spent fucking around the measures that have to be implemented for eventual positive effect become tougher and tougher until there are literally no solutions left . 
  austerity `` failing '' in greece has been a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  edit to clarify : austerity is supposed to be a sudden shock , a jolt of sharp pain that purges the system and allows a new equilibrium to emerge . 
  instead of a quick stab greece has been working the blade in slooowly , twisting it around and around . 
  it 's not austerity , it 's a perverse form of suicide . 
   every greek has a degree in austerity . 
  they fuck they have . 
  they 've had an introductory course , and dragged even that out over the better part of a decade . 
   the greek government should have drafted their own plan reducing pensions they did . 
  it 'd have started in ... 2020 ? 
  he 's not asking tsipras the syriza head honcho , he 's asking tsipras the greek pm . 
  it was fictitious , unsustainable gdp growth . 
  same happened when our bubble burst in 2008 and we lost ~ 20 % . 
  [ ~ 3:22 ] ( https://youtu.be/ujewuv-liye?t=202 ), 
  so the bubble finally burst ? 
  it 's happened to others before . 
  retirees-to-be work longer and longer , machines work better and better . 
  so ... where are all those mods who usually take care of editorialized headlines ? 
  it 's your own bloody languague , _uk_.businessinsider.com ... 
  you 'll be fine . 
  if ecb goes on a massive printing spree you may still have that 500 $ , but it will be worth less . 
  imagine you 're in one of those ez countries with lower living standards than greece . 
  how many monthly wages would you be ready to donate every year for the foreseeable future to maintain the profligates ' artificial prosperity ? 
  how often would you be happy to do that ? 
   a compromise would at least have fulfilled part of the greek public 's will as it would have meant that some - definitely not all !!, 
  - of the points the current government was elected for would have been realized . 
  it 's not eu 's job to make greek government look good in front of greek electorate . 
  plan b : give them schengen visas and train fare ? 
  non-citizens ca n't be second-class citizens because of how the words work . 
  i go `` fucking tourists ! '', 
  in greek traffic every now and then . 
  hell , i recognize the stickers of all local car rentals at 100m , just for self-preservation . 
  i think the laws on false advertising vary by state . 
  i 'm not talking about marxism , i 'm talking about economics . 
  marxist or not , every economist operates within a semantic domain that 's still primarily defined by marx . 
  the three you named laid the groundwork for their respective fields -- got the ball rolling , so to say -- but their actual works themselves have been surpassed , and the fields have changed far beyond their origins . 
  i 'd say marx 's analysis of the nitty-gritty of capitalism ( not necessarily his conclusions ) still hold up pretty well . 
  his works are n't of mere historic significance , conveniently replaced with a chapter in a textbook , but are still active at the core of the subject itself . 
  that line i happen to agree with , 
  why would anyone _ like _ snowden ? 
  snowden was n't in the intelligence hierarchy , he was an it guy . 
  on their own , kicking and screaming . 
  1940s , not 1840s . 
  i understood that reference . 
  sensible , you do n't want soviet gear lying around for `` rebels '' to `` find '' . 
  once you 've stopped [ lynching negroes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes ) . 
  the worst part is , i ca n't figure out whether you wrote it off the cuff or just copy-pasted it together . 
  ... a hundred years ago . 
  as a parent of teenagers-soon-to-be , in a few years i probably would n't mind swapping them for a different set for 6 months . 
  obsession with equinoctes ? 
  flair confirmed . 
  though you meant solstices , tbh . 
  and i was quoting the subtitle of said article . 
  why the quotes around `` colonists '' ? 
  it 's the correct term to use , is n't it ? 
  do we ... do we really need a war every now and then to remind the next generation that the peace and calm they were brought up under is n't to be taken for granted ? 
   after the collapse of the ussr , chechen warlords fucked up the country in an instant warlords became an issue after the first war . 
  how does a green become a defense minister , anyway ? 
   you are just arguing over semantics . 
  i do n't understand why that 's being used as a pejorative - god forbid we 'd want to agree on what the words actually mean when using them . 
  arguing over semantics is about agreeing on terms of engagement . 
  ideals and idealism are very much connected . 
  the latter is the pursuit - often unrealistic - of former . 
  you 're suggesting putin 's embarked on a fascist project because of some deeply held fascist beliefs , while i 'm saying he 's doing it because he 's an opportunist . 
  if it quacks like a duck , etc. . . it can still be a badger pretending to be a duck for personal gain . 
  and neither personal gain nor accumulation of power are uniquely right-wing projects . 
   fascism was not about idealism your ideals are not the only ideals , 
  he views the right as useful idiots as well , that 's my point . 
  everyone 's a pawn to be played against eachother . 
  it 's not fascism , it 's a sick form of pragmatism . 
  it 's rational , even if the rationale behind it is abhorrent . 
  i see no reason why you should think that putin - the quintessential sovok apologist - particularily hates the left apart from your misguided assumption that he must be a fascist . 
  do n't forget that the political spectrum of left to right does n't necessarily map to good & evil , the different ends of the spectrum just employ different methods of being cunts to those inbetween . 
  and no dissing charlie , dude . 
  the expression you 're looking for is [ social darwinism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_darwinism ) . 
  he does n't give a flying fuck about either the left or the right . 
  his views are whichever ones are politically expedient to have . 
  if being on the far left could somehow guarantee him his position until he dies , he 'd wave the red flag and sing the internationale with the best of them . 
  edit : look , i understand the wish to push him as far way from oneself on the political scale as possible , but that 's pointless . 
  he 's not interested in ideology , he 's interested in power . 
  he did n't build a fascist state because he 's a fascist , he built it because he thought that 's the kind of state where it 's easiest for him to hold on to said power . 
  same with the political forces he supports in other countries . 
  he does n't care whether they 're on the left or on the right , the only thing that counts is that they cause trouble for whichever country they 're in . 
  putin hates whomever it 's politically expedient to hate . 
  dunno , he 's lost quite a bit of weight . 
  if we 're looking for a horsey metaphor , blinders would do better , 
  ... and the extreme left . 
  extremes , basically . 
  meh , let it go . 
  russia 's turned the territory they took into a wasteland . 
  i 'm a tad late - was working - so i 'll just answer with a quote from said critique :  \u0410\u0425\u0410\u0425\u0410\u0425\u0410\u0425\u0410\u0425\u0425\u0410, 
  half attacking the tools , half attacking the messenger . 
  i 've heard about this as well , but no-one 's been willing to share a link yet . 
  edit : thanks !,
