   imagine if they cloned your online id . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  how ? 
  hacked how ? 
   i do n't want all of my data stored in one easy-to-steal package . 
  there 's an estonian id card on that page . 
  we do n't have `` all of our data stored in one easy-to-steal package '' , because we do n't believe in massive , centralized databases . 
  what we have instead is a backbone that allows different databases to connect to each other securely . 
  this modular approach allows us to bring different services online as they become available and , most importantly , independently of each other . 
  basically , our data is stored in a myriad of not-that-easy-to-steal packages  oh , and we own our data . 
  no selling off nhs databases for us . 
  i carry the id card and a credit card , that 's it . 
  and the funny thing is there 's _ very little data _ on the card itself . 
  basically just a freely readable digital copy of whatever information is printed on the card anyway ( name , id code , date of birth , that kind of stuff ) , and a couple of digital certificates for two-factor authentication . 
  edit : i used to carry the driver 's license as well , but that functionality got added to id card years ago so we do n't need to carry those anymore . 
  it 's the modern way - id card is a platform , all those other things are ... apps . 
   they should just tell the commission to come up with such a card . 
  nonono , that 's old europe thinking , all big databases and centralized solutions  we do n't need an eu `` card '' . 
  what we need is a framework establishing standards for security and interoperability , and basic infrastructure to support the latter . 
  then every country can roll their own cards in the knowledge that they 'll work eu-wide . 
  you 're gon na love using mobile-id even more . 
  having your phone turn into a keypad for two-factor authentication whenever you need to identify yourself online is way more convenient than carrying around a smart card reader , 
  dunno about atm cards , but it 's damn convenient not having to carry around an arseload of customer loyalty cards . 
   but if it ever gets that far , i would hope that the eu lets estonia handle the whole thing . 
  ditto , but mostly because i 'm afraid some technologically backward eu countries would saddle us with some idiotic last century solution if they get to have a say proportional to their size . 
  shit , even what the germans came up with was just ... silly . 
  also a reference to [ this ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053291/ ) . 
   i instantly recognized them as our guys - most likely professional ( contract ) paratroopers . 
  the barracks in pskov were suspiciously empty at the time . 
  no , the question is _ whom _ ... ^ sorry, 
  some sources have identified him as a local mid-ranking crime boss . 
  if they ca n't contain their silliness within their own borders themselves , someone else has to do it . 
  not really , no . 
  the only discernible difference is that same time last year i was somewhat supportive of visa-free regime . 
  now , after russia has [ once again ] ( http://rt.com/news/berkut-police-russian-passports-266/ ) shown their lackadaisical approach to issuing passports they can stick 'em . 
  first , they see it as a zero-sum game . 
  second , learning estonian would allow their kids to exit the propaganda deadlock of russian media . 
  third , estonian `` dog languague '' is beneath the glorious russian master race . 
  i wish i was kidding . 
  us fed and equipped soviet forces long before pearl harbor . 
  the old town itself is older , but over a half of what you see has been there since 14th & 15th centuries . 
  some is earlier ( mostly the churches ) , some later ( russian imperial admin buildings in neoclassical style , interwar developments around the edges ) . 
  no limits on citizenship on ethnic/religious/whatever grounds , just have to meet the requirements and apply for it . 
   the ethnic russia population in crimea was 58 % . 
  was . 
  in 2001 , i.e. 
  13 years ago . 
  12 years before that , in 1989 , it was 67 % . 
  \\ # 48 , # 50 , # 51 , # 52 , on # 56 both before _ and _ after pics are post-bombing , # 62 ( note the same statue in after shot as in # 56 ) , # 64 . 
  i prefer [ rfe/rl 's take ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-ukraine-media-nationalism-/25329649.html ) on the story :  so who is petk ( h ) ov ? 
  it 's impossible to say for sure -- first channel , russia 's third major state tv station , has yet to submit a report . 
  ca n't remember , tbh . 
  was randomly going through my head at signup , most likely . 
  might 've gotten it out of your system for the time being ? 
   the first point of the deal shows a return to the 2004 constitution and it was signed by both parties with eu witnesses . 
  the return to 2004 constitution had to be passed by rada ( happened ) and signed into law by the president ( did n't happen ) for it to become law -- a couple of dudes around a table do n't have the power to enact laws . 
  hell , the whole constitutional hullabaloo happened because of that -- a couple of dudes around a table do n't have the power to change the constitution , even if they _ are _ the constitutional court . 
  edit : just fyi , his refusal to sign the law , i.e. 
  his apparent unwillingness to fulfill his constitutional duties was what gave rada the opportunity to get rid of him w/o actually needing to impeach him . 
  him refusing to sign it _ and _ giving his reasons for doing that would 've been kosher legally ( still in breach of the deal , ofc ) , but instead he chose to switch off his phones altogether . 
  you do n't just stop talking to the parliament willy-nilly and still expect to be a president when you 're done moping . 
   did you miss the photos of armed protesters ? 
  had n't they seized stashes of weapons ? 
  i seem to have missed them , yes , unless you mean the dudes with airsoft rifles and that one guy with a handgun . 
  do you think they 'd have been storming police lines with baseball bats and dying in the process if they 'd had seized `` stashes of weapons ? '', 
   just linking one liberal newspaper such as novaya gazeta often shocks people cool . 
  now link another one , please , 
  meh , they 're just feeding a troll . 
  he signed the deal , but he _ did n't sign _ the law to return to 2004 constitution , that 's what i meant . 
   armed forces taking over `` armed forces '' , lol . 
   no mention of the president refusing the deal . 
  his not signing it _ was _ the refusal . 
  i remember a comment by a right sector member , something like : `` i thought they were jews before maidan . 
  now i think they 're ukrainians , just jewish . '', 
   it was agreed between the us and russia that nato would not spread east and that there would be a neutral zone there . 
  an informal chat between two officials who had no authorization to make such a deal . 
  oh , we 've got a liar here . 
   considering th\u0435 february 21st deal signed with yanukovych and the opposition , with eu witnesses was thrown to the wind by a governement ... 
  it was yanuk who broke the deal by refusing to sign the agreed-upon laws passed by the parliament . 
   russia , the second most important us adversary ? 
  dream on , 
  understood , yes . 
  used , no . 
  nobody 's going to measure out 0.568 l of brew just to make a brit feel at home , 
  this is big . 
  memorial is literally the grand old lady of russian ngos , when they got started the ussr was still going strong . 
  they have impeccable reputation . 
  a brit may order a pint anywhere on the continent - and they often do - , but what they 'll usually get is 500ml . 
  unless you 're in a theme pub , it 's treated as a quirky british way to reference half a liter . 
  it 's liters and half-liters . 
  a `` pint '' as a measure of beer volume is about as common in europe as is `` ma\u00df '' , or `` baron '' . 
  this is an important point . 
  current kremlin narrative claims that russians and liberal democracy are fundamentally incompatible . 
  a generation of ethnic russians who have been brought up under the democracies in former ussr countries are an inconvenient reminder that they 're peddling bullshit . 
  some of the `` local activists '' in kharkiv stormed the local opera house and demanded to see the mayor . 
  must 've been reading their maps wrong , 
  check the age distribution of the respondents on p131 . 
   an unelected government ukrainian governments are n't elected , ffs . 
  edit :  well at the moment ukraine is led by people who toppled the very government these people voted . 
  the government was toppled by the parliament `` those people voted '' , and the new one was assembled by _ the very same parliament _ .
