  would keep us around a tad longer , that . 
  not citizen . 
  they 'll have an estonian digital identity , which lets them interact with the state , do business , etc , but they 'll not be citizens . 
  technically , they 'll be digital [ permanent residents ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/permanent_residency ) . 
  i mean , with all the hullabaloo over estonian citizenships in the past , is it likely we 'd start handing them out willy-nilly ? 
   edit : yeah , that lead was written by some eejit at zdnet who does n't grok the different between citizenship and permanent residency . 
  you 'll notice that there 's nothing about citizenship in the article itself . 
  edit : i linked [ this post ] ( http://taavikotka.wordpress.com/2014/05/04/10-million-e-estonians-by-2025/ ) in / r/europeans a few weeks ago , by some of the people behind the idea . 
  on a phone . 
  check the news about a week before the `` referendum '' . 
  the `` interim administration '' announced they 'd be petitioning to join russia whichever way the vote goes . 
  the choice was between joining russia right away , or a few days later . 
   on the tuesday evening we had our usual dance after dinner . 
  the pattern was familiar . 
  the italian men danced with the blonde finnish girls , the finnish males occupied the bar ( they would dance with the italian girls later ) , and the ten japanese stood modestly at one end of the dance floor watching everybody 's feet to learn the steps . 
  everyone was having a good time . 
  nice read , thanks , 
   ( plus no wars and economic sanctions ) russia likes to play trade wars with us every now and then . 
  in fact , that was why we had to diversify away from russian market a.s.a.p. 
  if you 're a businessman in estonia you learn very fast to not put all your eggs -- or the majority of your eggs -- in the russian basket , because the next time they throw a tantrum your eggs will be smashed and you 're buggered . 
  heavily populist one-man operation that often employs scaremongering to shore up their largely russian-speaking support . 
  partnership deal with putin 's united russia . 
  not the sole corrupt operation in our political landscape , but corrupt enough for fall guys to be imprisoned every now and then . 
  yes , on the picture ( and video ) . 
  funnily enough he 's a sceptic himself , but does n't want to be associated with the people behind the current scare . 
   on the same network as the rest of the official 's computers in that room ? 
  the simple fact of the password being on the wall implies it was used for the guest network . 
   so e-voting experts participated in a conference on e-voting during their stay in tallinn as election observers ? 
  that 's hardly evidence of foul play . 
  it 's safe to assume that they were picked by their inviters for being opposed to the idea _ before _ them acting as independent experts . 
   the integrity of the election process is in their own best interest . 
  you 're not estonian ( i assume ) , so you wo n't understand how funny that part is . 
  my own theory is that the party in question assumes the e-voting is rigged because they literally ca n't imagine someone having that power and _ not _ using it , 
  it _ was _ an observer testing the system , not an election official . 
  the servers _ definitely _ run on the same network , would n't you say ? 
  in estonia the `` local '' elections are run simultaneously in the whole country , through a centralized process . 
   there has been no significant change in voter turnout . 
  which is good , as it 's been dropping elsewhere . 
  electronic voting machines are a completely different bag of hurt . 
  comparing estonian solution to , say , diebold 's is n't even comparing apples to oranges , it 's comparing carrots to sand . 
  announcement of a public conference `` the devil votes on internet '' , paid for by the aforementioned opposition party . 
  the presentations include `` the dangers and opportunities of e-voting '' by haldeman , `` insecure internet '' by hursti and kitcat commenting on the book `` broken ballots : will your vote count ? '', 
  by jones and simons . 
  i 'd say both their independence and their impartiality is a tad dubious , would n't you agree ? 
  they also serve to reveal potential biases . 
  i view the flair in this sub as a form of disclosure . 
  not regressing . 
  russia already runs a modified feudal system in that the ruling clique is a strictly hierarchical construct based on personal promises of fealty . 
  the state institutions play a distant second fiddle to the interconnected webs of patronage . 
  for an estonian it stinks of politics . 
  the team was brought in by ( former ) main opposition party that has a history of rabid attacks on the system and financing conferences filled with ostensibly impartial foreigners dissing it . 
  also , the results were published days before eu elections . 
  then again , we may have a `` boy who cried wolf '' scenario here . 
  their criticism did point out a number of undeniable procedural errors , after all . 
  / u/orthoxerox seems to come from a different place than the one you instinctively ascribe to him . 
  as in , his post is n't _ here 's where you cunts are wrong _ faulty of hardened apologist but _ not thought about it before _ faulty . 
   1920 ussr only ended in 1991 . 
  it 's in living memory . 
  hell , it 's in _ my _ living memory . 
  and ww2 is part of living memory as well . 
  some of the victims are still around , as are some of the perpetrators . 
  and guess which country calls the latter heroes ? 
  come now , no need to get personal . 
  russia , the [ prison of nations ] ( http://www.eki.ee/books/redbook/introduction.shtml ) . 
  thanks . 
  czech and slovak troops _ are _ nato troops , silly . 
   a good model it 's a way for russians to grasp how it must feel to be ruled by barbarians from the east . 
  he failed to get an alliance with france and uk , so he went for an alliance with germany . 
  how does that invalidate what i wrote ? 
  are you implying that either of those facts are unknown to me ? 
  must be nice , having several countries between yourself and russia , 
   to be honest , ussr desperately searched an alliance with france and england against germany for years and it is only because they always refused and always backed down in front of every hitler 's demands that he finally became his ally . 
  ussr did n't look for an alliance `` against germany '' , it looked for allies , period . 
  it 's too easy to forget the non-military interests of the parties involved . 
  they became allies almost by default , as both germany and ussr had pissed off everyone else , and germany needed resources to feed its war in the western europe as badly as ussr needed access to modern technology . 
   mass killings went away after the death of stalin . 
  oh joy , the oppression got a tad lighter . 
   as long as you did n't bother the state by being a dissident , the authorities did n't care . 
  yay , we have rights as long as we do n't ask for any rights . 
   the population of the eastern block grew there were 992,520 estonians in estonia in 1934 , 963,281 in 1989 . 
  that 's a drop . 
   again the killings were targeted against political opponents . 
  it 's good , then that they did n't target anyone based on their ethnicities , huh ? 
   on july 25 , 1937 , yezhov signed order no . 
  00439 which required local organs of the nkvd within five days to arrest all german subjects , including political emigres [ . . ] 30,608 cases were brought , and 24,858 of those arrested were sentenced to be shot . 
   on august 11 , 1937 , yezhov signed order no . 
  00485 [ which called for ] the complete liqudation of local organizations of the `` polish military organization . '', 
  on the basis of that , 103,489 cases were opened , and 84,471 of those arrested were sentenced to be shot . 
   on november 30 , 1937 , an nkvd directive was issued on conducting an operation against refugees from latvia as well as activists in latvian clubs and societies . 
  21,300 people were arrested , of whom 16,575 were shot . 
   on december 14 , 1937 , an nkvd directive was issued for repression `` along the latvian line '' for estonians , lithuanians , finns and also bulgarians . 
  along the `` estonian line '' were condemned 9735 people , of whom 7998 were sentenced to be shot ; along the `` finnish line '' were condemned 11,066 , of whom 9078 were sentenced to be shot . 
  that 's because he 's neither - he 's an historian , and a pretty good one . 
   i thought finno-ugrics came to europe after slavs/indo-europeans ? 
  finns & estonians are where they are partially because of `` retreating '' under pressure from indo-european newcomers . 
  we did n't move here , nomad-style , it 's just that our ancestor peoples filled all the territory between here and urals . 
  fr , wtf ? 
   it seems the biggest problem for us russians is deciding whether russia is a successor of the ussr or not . 
  if we 're not and we 're just another victim of the soviet rule that happened to be the first one , we can safely condemn all the crimes committed . 
  if we say the ussr was our glorious past , hands off with your slanderous insinuations , then i guess the rift can not be healed .
