   the scots voted to stay . 
  the circumstances have changed . 
  took him a while , though , he 's ( well , `` his '' twitter feed is ) usually much quicker with these things , especially if they concern western countries . 
  it 's unknown if he did it on his own initiative , or had to clear it with his bosses first . 
  the delay would indicate latter . 
  there 's a hint , though , that it _ might _ have been himself , as the deputy chair of russian senate 's defense and security committee ( a `` former '' gru man himself ) went on record just days later saying `` snowden did share intelligence '' . 
  might 've been a warning to behave in the future . 
   satire in the uk now writes itself and our comedians will never match it . 
  dunno , last two episodes of dead ringers have been point on - `` you 're michael gove ! '', 
   a large walled road or , y' know , a tunnel . 
  it 's not about the republic of ireland ( that matter was settled nearly a century ago ) , it 's about northern ireland . 
   eu extents the deadline with a year or so . 
  i doubt that 's necessary , two years is plenty of time . 
  it 's not only uk 's negotiating position with eu that will hurt , they 'll also need to renegotiate decades ' worth of treaties with third parties . 
  uk will have to do it from a weaker position , w/o eu behind them , and appearing indecisive this early in the process does n't do them any good . 
  the deal is work in progress . 
  hundreds of people have worked on it for years , and will likely continue to do so for years to come . 
  unless you want them to update a wiki daily , there 's not much to make public before the deal has been hammered out . 
  proportionally ( liechtenstein is fucking tiny ) it 'd mean what , 125k eu immigrants to uk per year ? 
  to date ( iirc ) that amount has only been exceeded in 2014 & 2015 . 
  you want to trolley ? 
  here ? 
  last week someone called uk an `` offshore austria '' - rump of a once-great empire . 
  those are _ informal _ informal talks , not _ formal _ informal talks . 
  farage was instrumental in that his demagoguery fed into creating an environment of hysteria in which said mentally ill neonazi thought it both necessary and justified to take the action he took . 
  three cod wars and one euro cup . 
  the greatest day in the history of scottish football ? 
  nah , that takes the rebate into account . 
  gove and johnson are columnists . 
  it 's their _ job _ to come up with flashy ideas and simple solutions to complex problems on a weekly basis , with no consideration for practicality or applicability thereof . 
  the scots had a plan . 
  shows how ignorant i am about british democracy , too . 
  i would n't have thought they 'd limit their pool of candidates that way . 
  and -- no chance of a technocratic government ? 
  dunno , the lack of term limits and clear areas of responsibility throws me off in this case . 
  stop that !, 
  it 's silly !, 
  this may come as a surprise to you , but having stood for election is n't a requirement for a position in the cabinet . 
   because prime ministers were elected . 
  prime ministers were voted into parliament by the public . 
  so how many votes did dave get ... about 35k , no ? 
   harriet harman , the former leader of the uk labor party and one of the most respected left wing and pro eu politicians , was on a bbc political show several weeks ago . 
  she did n't even recognize the presidents of the eu - the most powerful men in the eu , the leaders creating around 50 % of uk 's laws and holding offices supreme to uk 's highest court !, 
  then she 's an uninformed numpty , no matter the qualifications . 
  he was appointed by the elected government . 
  representative democracy , how does it work ? 
  not after the divorce . 
  tbh , i doubt many even knew about the new agreement . 
  as the quotes stem from leave materials , i trust you do n't mind if i ask for their sources ? 
   cameron renegotiated and not much changed . 
  the february deal was to come in power after remain vote . 
  as the vote went for leave , the deal is off the table again . 
  he 's also said that us has other priorities right now , so a new trade deal with uk would have to wait at the back of the line . 
   i understand not all our muslim immigrants come from the eu . 
  yes , majority come from commonwealth -- pakistan & bangladesh alone cover more than 50 % of uk 's muslim population . 
   most people actually want free trade with the eu and nothing to change . 
  except freedom of movement . 
  but even now , the eu seems completely unwilling to compromise on this policy . 
  if you guys get a special deal , everyone else will also want one . 
  russia _ has _ signed up to banning air-dropped incendiary weapons , however . 
  the bombs on that su-34 in this video were \u0420\u0411\u041a-250 \u0417\u0410\u0411-2 ,5 \u041c : unguided 250kg cluster bombs with 2,5 kg incendiary submunitions . 
  quite apart from the _ cluster _ and _ indendiary _ bits , was n't it not that long ago that russia denied using _ unguided _ bombs ? 
  nah , this is worse . 
  with an election , at least you get an automatic do-over in a few years . 
  lol that guy is referring to ldpr as opposition . 
  russians became a majority in crimea later than albanians did in kosovo . 
  they were always free to move back to russia . 
  i 'm reasoning that for any process of independence to be legal , it would have to have been arranged between `` the people of crimea '' and ukrainian government . 
  for the transfer of territory to be legal , it would have to be arranged between russia and ukraine . 
  the annexation of crimea was illegal because at no point in the process was ukraine even consulted . 
  instead , russian forces occupied the crimean parliament , set up a puppet government and had them declare a referendum . 
  when i steal your phone , does `` but the phone wanted it this way '' sound like an acceptable argument ? 
  thing is , it 's _ both _ . 
  considering how often you see `` and then some guys in black showed up and started fighting '' in those narratives from euro2016 , i 'm starting to suspect a conspiracy . 
  warsaw 1988 as well . 
  not about `` are you '' but `` were you '' , imho . 
   while evolution is a theory , it is a proven theory and therefore most certainly should be taught as a fact . 
  wrong . 
  evolution is a fact . 
  the theory of evolution , an attempt to explain said fact , is a theory . 
  but ... but ... how are the religions to survive without indoctrination ? 
   religion has to accept scientific progress . 
  religion has to accept facts . 
  it 's easier to be exploited by an ideology if said ideology tells you you 'll be rewarded in the afterlife for doing so . 
   `` religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature , the heart of a heartless world , and the soul of soulless conditions . 
  it is the opium of the people . '', 
  because religions are . 
   i get hungry because the human body needs food to survive . 
  i get thirsty because i need water to survive . 
  i have a sex drive because humans need to reproduce to survive . 
  that 's bullshit , and you know it . 
  first two cases are about survival of an individual , the third one is n't . 
  evolution does n't give a flying fuck whether two specific people going at it results in babies or not . 
  it 's about _ populations _ and survival thereof , by having enough offspring reach sexual maturity to reproduce themselves . 
  having extra people in the older generation who have no children themselves to look after others ' is a true and tried evolutionary tactic to give the offspring of a population a better chance of survival . 
  homosexuality is , i suspect , nature 's way to provide those people w/o having to switch off their sexual drive completely as is the case with many other species . 
  nah , most of those are cultural as well . 
   basic knowledge of sex and human reproduction makes this obvious . 
  oh , please , _ please _ enlighten us , 
  ouch ...
