  wrong . 
  vast majority of the casualties took place _ before _ the agreement was signed . 
   i 've had quite a bit of experience of western media spreading bulshit lies about my country . 
  same here , though for some reason these stories always seem to originate from russia . 
  the current government is much more likely to allow the flooding of the country with independent observers though . 
  not democratically elected ) do n't be silly . 
  it 's a parliamentary republic . 
  the democratically elected government is by definition whichever government has the support of the democratically elected parliament . 
  which the current government does have . 
   they just vote for more of an autonomous status , not independence . 
  yes , while under russian military occupation . 
  these votes always turn out to be free and fair . 
   well originally you were implying russian propaganda is worse because it 's more egregious . 
  oh , yes . 
  there 's no finesse , for them it 's just a shouting match . 
  to use a gaming term , russia approach to propaganda is a zerg rush . 
  i ca n't remember the last time they mobilized effectively the whole media under their control to push a few talking points with such fervour . 
  to compare with uk , for example -- uk spin doctors talk about on-message and off-message when it comes to media . 
  russian ones do n't -- in russia it 's on-message or no message whatsoever plus a healthy dose of `` we know which school your children go to '' . 
   well , rubles tens of billions of dollars = trillions of rubles . 
   we in the west born and raised in the ussr , scepticism towards anything any government tells you comes as standard . 
  the methodology in use has n't changed much in the last 30 years -- estonian independence movement of 80s was branded fascist by state media as well , and threats to invade to protect their compatriots went well into the 90s . 
  though i do n't remember much talk about gay europeans , for some reason , 
   there are tons of examples of western media lies , but you just do n't see them . 
  of course i see them . 
  i just do n't subscribe to the notion that if a is lying , then b must be telling the truth or , worse yet , if a is lying then b is justified in lying as well . 
  all sources have agendas , it 's your duty to yourself to be aware of those agendas and take them into account when trying to build up a more-or-less informed view on what 's going on . 
   yes , the parliament where most delegates of the largest party were ran out of town or escaped in fear of their personal safety . 
  parliamentary majority requirements are met , so `` most delegates of the largest party '' ca n't have gone anywhere . 
  hell , watch transmissions from the parliament and you see them debating and voting , live . 
   do n't forget the defence ministry . 
  oh , so the former chief of general staff is a _ fascist _ now ? 
  i wonder if yanukovych knew when he appointed him ? 
   russia started expanding/moving the black sea fleet there a while back when it was n't clear yet whether the lease on the sevastopol base could be extended . 
  they also picked up sukhumi for backup . 
  it 's a matter of degrees . 
  russian media does n't go for subtlety , so egregious examples of plain , outright lying abound . 
   an unelected government nonsensical talking point . 
  in parliamentary republics the government that has the backing of the parliament is , by default , the `` elected government '' . 
   that includes members of openly fascist/nazi parties in key leadership positions ? 
  key leadership positions like minister for the environment and minister for agriculture -- and that 's assuming svoboda is an `` openly fascist/nazi party '' , another unsubstantiated russian talking point . 
  the statement was released on 24/02 , and he refers to an incident `` several weeks ago '' . 
  as opposed to `` clear and present danger under a fascist government '' talking point russian media is pushing . 
   if you know a better translation engine , feel free to inform me . 
  only learning to read actual russian works , tbh . 
  gt has problems with russian grammar , so sometimes the sentences that look fine and make sense in translation can not just be wrong , but literally mean the _ opposite _ of what the original said . 
  once you read russian , it 's fairly easy to make sense of ukrainian text as well . 
  did you even read what you linked to ? 
  edit : google fucking translate . 
  should 've guessed . 
  it 's an opinion piece , not news . 
  also :  following several attacks on jews in kiev , one of the rabbis of the city , moshe reuven asman , told ma\u2019ariv that he recommended that the jews of kiev leave the city and , if possible , the country . 
  was debunked by the rabbi himself [ here ] ( http://sinagoga.kiev.ua/node/4478 ) :  unfortunately , there are forces who are interested in destabilization of the situation who wish to sow various types of provocations . 
  recently , some foreign publications have made inaccurate and sometimes even false and openly provocative statements in my name , or about me , regarding my statements on the jewish community of ukraine , the situation in ukraine and also defaming my name . 
  furthermore , here 's [ a statement ] ( http://www.mignews.com.ua/ru/articles/156410.html ) by the head of all-ukrainian jewish congress :  the general situation regarding the jewish community of ukraine is tolerant and quiet , there are no massive outbursts or worsening of antisemitism in ukraine . 
  the anti-semitic acts that have been recorded have , strangely enough , been in _ eastern _ part of the country . 
  like [ this firebombing of a synagogue ] ( http://www.chabad.org/blogs/blog_cdo/aid/2502442/jewish/chabad-center-in-ukraine-firebombed-amid-ongoing-violence.htm ) in zaporizhia or [ this graffiti ] ( http://cs425228.vk.me/v425228625/889c/lq96pd0tqzy.jpg ) in russian-occupied simferopol . 
   the pogroms against jews and leftists in the cities ( israel gleefully advisad all jews to leave the country ) do you have sources for any of those claims ? 
   i mean the nationalists in kiev have taken control over the government , without holding any new elections . 
  they do n't have to hold new elections , because the government is n't directly elected by the people , the _ parliament _ is . 
  and the elected parliament supports the current government . 
  smart move . 
  better to have a good languague law in place before you repeal the shit one . 
  loss of face . 
  also , if they keep on winning these conflicts , russia may just go for a tougher bite next time . 
  article 5 covers armed assault , it does n't cover economic warfare or propaganda onslaught - both of which were very much used in georgia and are used against ukraine now . 
  also , did you notice what happened to russian currency and stocks when the sabre rattling started yesterday ? 
   what can russia accomplish through pure intimidation ? 
  they do n't really know any other methods apart from outright intimidation and buying people off . 
  the latter option would be too expensive at this point , they 'd have to bribe way too many people , there 's no _ single person _ who could reliably promise them a return on their ` investment ' . 
  that 's also why russia _ loves _ dealing with autocrats . 
   if they were to invade ukraine they would expose the weakness of nato to do anything about it , sending a strong signal to all the other candidates . 
  like they did in georgia in 2008 . 
  that 's the scariest bit for us in baltics . 
  the west was outplayed in georgia . 
  if they back down and allow the same to happen in ukraine , guess who 'll be next ? 
  they 'd already divided poland up in advance , the actual invasion was more of a formality . 
  that 's 2001 census data . 
  russia pretty much _ has _ to be nice to him for the time being . 
  they certainly do n't want him to get to hague and put all blame on them . 
  these were crimean tartars . 
  crimea seceding and shacking up with russia would mean that putin has _ another _ set of rapidly radicalizing muslims to pacify or buy off . 
   it 's the monuments to fallen soldiers that we care about [ there he is . 
  ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/gqmqt ), 
  weak . 
  various docs are being uploaded to http://yanukovychleaks.org/, 
   immediately start fucking with status of their language . 
  the law was shit . 
  it did n't grand minority languagues equal status in specific regions as it 's common in europe ; instead it allowed for the ` minority languague ' to fully supplant the state languague . 
  it means that there were regions in ukraine where - completely legally - everything functioned exclusively in russian , and the state languague was n't even an option when dealing with the local governments . 
  as you 're so big on minority rights , do n't you think that crimean tartars also have a say on whether they 'd like to go back under russian rule ? 
  that 's roughly how long it took for those former ussr subject states already in eu to _ get _ to eu , and most of them were working on it full steam . 
  ukrainians have to keep in mind that roughly the same time frame will apply to them , and they 'll have to deal with a much stronger successor of ussr working against that than the one those countries had to deal with . 
   alongside ukrainian ? 
  as far as i know , the law -- as it stood -- legalized the state of things wherein it was completely legal to use russian _ only _ and not offer local governmental services in ukrainian . 
  it 's funny how the ` anti-government ' ( to use terminology from a few days ago ) protests fly ukrainian flags , and the ` pro-government ' protests fly russian ones . 
  kind of shows you what that government was about , really . 
  you 're likely from western europe , you did n't actually get to suffer under the regime that those statues represent . 
  for the countries that did , and have broken free , leninfall is a cathartic experience . 
  edit : think of it like that .
