  quitting eurozone would be the best option for the state , but the suffering of ordinary greeks would far outweigh anything they 'd see under any austerity programs . 
  pumping in more free money would be best for greeks , but greece would remain fundamentally flawed and living off others ' charity . 
  there are no good options left , and it 's disingenuous of tsipras to talk as if he could produce one once people vote him into power . 
  this taxpayer thought he was helping greece ? 
  my point is , tsipras switched his tone from the pre-election firebrand to his current rhetoric that 's just another version of ` give us more money , we 'll change , honest ' once the repeat elections became a certainty . 
  two years ago i was singing praises to european solidarity , but after having seen and heard words upon words upon words with the actual amount of change it 's brought being close enough to ` fuck all ' to make no difference , i 'm seriously doubting greeks ' capacity to change at all . 
  he might _ say _ it 's not like throwing money at a bottomless pit , but the very fact of his election success suggests the bottom isnae visible . 
  he 's right in saying that the real issue is the debt , but even if it were wiped out by a wave of some magic wand , greece would start building up new debt from that very moment . 
  austerity programs are n't there for the spectre of international capitalism to take each and every single greek roughly from behind , wearing a top hat and smoking a cigar , but to ensure the necessary reforms get made . 
  this interview was made after the elections . 
  what , your blackmail gambit not working out as expected ? 
   we 'll wake up ala life on mars what , suicidal ? 
  not really . 
  the ` firewalls ' that have been built up over past two years can easily do double duty protecting the rest of eurozone should greece crash and burn . 
  what alternatives are there ? 
  the rest of europe simply subsidizing greece for the foreseeable future ? 
  [ henning wehn puts it best ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwzqvlpyxmu&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=63s ), 
  want something else to blow your mind ? 
  let me tell you about ussr 's state religion . 
  the basic doctrine went something like this : nazis were the ultimate evil . 
  the peoples of soviet union , however , enlightened by the unparalleled prophetic genius of lenin and driven by the unprecedented leadership of stalin , triumphed over the ultimate evil . 
  victory in ww2 was , and always will be , the single greatest achievement of humanity , ever , and it proved , beyond all reasonable doubt , the superiority of soviet system and russian spirit over all others . 
  also , red army was the single greatest force for good , ever . 
  all peoples of ussr were equal , but as russians took the largest part in defeating the ultimate evil , they were a little bit more equal than others . 
  this ( minus the stalin bit ) was , literally , the ideology i was taught at school from the age of 6 . 
  next time you hear russian sources bitching about `` rewriting history '' , remember that it 's pretty much a religious issue for them because _ large parts of the population there still believe exactly what i wrote above _ , and thus anyone not agreeing with the rather perverted soviet historiography is a heretic -- or , as is the case with us poor buggers in former subject states , an apostate . 
  edit : spelling, 
  we did n't have to cut holes in soviet flag , we just dug out the old ones . 
  sometimes literally , as being found in possession of the flag of pre-occupation `` bourgeois ( possibly fascist ) '' republic of estonia could 've resulted in ... trouble . 
  the ussr was , indeed , crumbling all by itself , and we thankfully had both the capability of pushing against the ever-loosening restraints and the wisdom of not stressing them to a breaking point . 
  bring out three national colors . 
  wtf , no-one 's arrested ? 
  bring out the actual flag next week . 
  still no arrests ? 
  fuckload of flags everywhere . 
  it just cascaded . 
  as an aside : can you imagine the absurdity of making a _ color combination _ illegal ? 
  i remember the foolhardiness and fear , though . 
  it was ussr we were screwing with , after all . 
  it might 've been temporarily paralyzed , but it was still a vile fucking behemoth . 
  there were tens of thousands of heavily armed soviet troops in estonia and they would n't take it lying down , would they ? 
  would n't they ? 
  i remember that when authorities lost control of local media , they set up temporary stations from military bases , blasting patriotic music and soviet propaganda . 
  at first decrying the nationalist scum who dared to even think about endangering the sanctity of our workers ' paradise , later calling all right-minded soviet citizens to rise up against the `` reactionary ( possibly fascist ) '' local authorities . 
  the biggest shock post-collapse was , of course , discovering how bloody poor we were compared to the evil west . 
  from what we 'd learned in school it was you , the poor proletariat of evil capitalist hellholes who were supposed to be barely surviving . 
  and we had it _ good _ in the baltic states , compared to most other parts of ussr -- we 'd had some 20 years less of soviet fuckwittery than them , almost a generation 's worth . 
  at least we still had people who remembered saner times and shit worth rebuilding . 
  i do apologize for the late answer , i went to sleep right after i posted this  i was a child of late 70 's , teenager when the system broke down . 
  much of my early memories are of the `` happy childhood '' type that those often default to . 
  i grew up on a collective farm and my family had the use of a small plot of land so there was no lack of food , the tiny village library was well-stocked and i did n't have much contact with russians even though there was an airbase some 30km away . 
  i did , however , learn the difference between thunder and sonic booms pretty early . 
  any specific questions ? 
  not to mention that after the war their economic policy & tax collection was run by foreigners , to ensure that greece ( having gone bankrupt for the _ fourth time _ just a few years earlier ) would be paying reparations . 
  oddly appropriate for the current situation , indeed , 
  lack of manpower . 
  you should 've learned the lesson and bred like crazy those past 300 years . 
  or oeselians ( neither karelian nor baltic ) . 
  at least that 's what they 've been telling us ever since . 
  who puts up a video and cuts off the punchline ? 
  i give up . 
  ah , my bad . 
  they are _ fourth _ international  as for the rest , it 's not that they lie outright , but they put a rigidly ideological spin on the issues by using willfully _ hyperbolic languague _ . 
  and compared the what the modern ideologies and ideologues throw at us , the hyperbole employed by wsws is positively ... quaint . 
  ideology is their whole raison d'\u00eatre , yet they 're still bad at it . 
  edit : it 's easy to be young and full of fire , but to be taken seriously it 's not enough to have skimmed marx and trotsky , you have to have actually _ read _ them , and engels , and bakunin , and luk\u00e1cs , and others , _ down to hegel himself _ , and you have to read about structural marxism , and study what the frankfurt school was up to . 
  it 's easy to throw around rabble-rousing slogans like in 1920s , but it 's simply not on par with the modern discourse anymore . 
  hope you enjoyed the cinema   but someone else other than the greek population has benefited by the magical disappearance of large sums of money . 
  in most cases , someone benefits . 
  there 's a difference in tone , however , between `` magical disappearance of large sums of money '' and `` loss of funds due to the inefficiency in the system '' . 
  first would be the easy way out , blaming intentional action on a relatively small group of individuals . 
  the second would be accepting the fact that the money lost spread more evenly among the population , with more levels of the social pyramid participating in the systematic graft than is comfortable for greeks to admit . 
  the fear of being caught out is a powerful incentive towards finding someone , _ anyone _ , preferably external , to blame . 
  fair point about the us , though we 're talking about responsible adults here , are n't we ? 
   democracy relies on the citizenry being well-informed , thus `` understandable '' does n't translate into `` excusable '' . 
  the draconian measures _ do _ apply to everyone ( them being felt is a different matter ) ; what you 're asking , however , is for them to be applied disproportionally tougher on a badly defined group of individuals to even out the perceived suffering . 
  did n't the fight against kulaks teach us anything ? 
  uncritical quest for revenge rights no wrongs and provides no absolution . 
  the only way is to remake the system in a way that does n't let whoever they were do whatever they did again . 
  ca n't do it ? 
  outsource it to germans . 
   after years of playing best friends with him ? 
  but they did n't , did they ? 
  they merely afforded him the respect due to a head of a nation , irrespective of their personal views of him . 
  cold detachment is n't an option between colleagues in a diplomatic setting , but there 's a limit to even the most stoic diplomat 's capacity of suffering a fool . 
  i doubt anyone in wider eu respected him who was n't paid to do so by himself , and his continued presence at the head of italian government badly affected others ' view on the political judgement of italians , but until he overplayed his hand and his hijinks endangered the eurozone he was considered italians ' own problem . 
  you can be at the same party with someone incredibly annoying and not let him spoil the fun for you -- until he 's off to take a piss in the punch bowl , at which moment you 're fully justified in punching him , 
  here 's how wsws articles usually pan out : first paragraph : classic lede with an far left spin and associated alarmist vocabulary ( scorched earth ? 
  i mean , really ? ) . 
  middle part : sometimes includes actual facts and quotes , low on spin . 
  second half : analysis from some archaic quasi-marxist viewpoint , tying it into the overarching class warfare theme , doused in hyperbolic speech to rouse the proletariat ( unelected figures !, 
  working directly for the banks !, 
  and speculators ! ) . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  it 's like reading news from a parallel universe where someone actually gives a shit about the 5th international , 
   because of the structural deficiencies of the euro project . 
  greece would still be in trouble in the current economic climate , euro or no euro . 
  it might 've acted as an accelerant , but it was hardly the cause . 
  that debt 's been building up over three decades . 
   i think this paragraph is woefully simplifying .
