  tl ; dr : mostly harmless . 
  let 's just have ffa fridays where we randomize everyone 's flair for a day . 
  their short-term goal is to disrupt the may 25 elections , i doubt they 'll be starting shit too long in advance . 
  nice touch in the middle there , 
   we never blamed russia and russian people for this . 
  it 'd just be nice for the successor state of the regime that perpetrated those crimes to ... fuck , it 's not even about an apology anymore . 
  just admitting that is was _ not a nice thing to do _ would suffice . 
  glorifying stalin and the scum that did the deed does n't come close . 
  it 's likely that someone else was taken in her stead , just to meet the quota . 
  he was an acting minister from the start . 
  he 's got 15 years of experience in politics . 
  what 's worrying is that he 's got fuck all experience in anything else . 
  he 's just a transitional figurehead trusted to stick to the party line . 
  dividends are taxed . 
  also , the translation provided by rt is a tad iffy . 
  ... and because then-germans and now-germans are literally different people . 
  whole generations have passed . 
   oh nice , so the pm of a country bordering russia , of which russia has already warned , is a relatively untested young leader . 
  we had a 32-year-old pm in 1992 , hardly a more stable era , 
  the question to ask is : would more or fewer people have died had there been no intervention ? 
  [ betteridge 's law of headlines ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines ) . 
  if you want to be a russian nationalist , be a russian nationalist in russia . 
  take troops on the border and russia 's attempts to paint ukraine a failed state lacking legitimate leadership and you get [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dlifhgh.jpg ) . 
  ... is that a proffessor joke ? 
  anniversary of the siege of leningrad . 
   it 's also been reported that one mosque a while ago offered tea , biscuits and football to people . 
  probably wo n't see that posted on here though . 
  i 'm pretty certain it was . 
  posted here , i mean . 
  he meant the fortress in belarus . 
  on the other hand -- once released from the constraints of the original text completely , russians are masters at freestyle dubbing . 
  not a bad book , btw . 
   very straight talking by the estonian pm president , not pm . 
  edit : there 's a question at the very end of `` europe in transition '' video where they ask `` who among europe 's current political classes is best suited to lead that transition ? '', 
  the answers are ... interesting . 
   and i think it was wrong to disenfranchise russians in estonia . 
  how were they disenfranchised ? 
  estonia was n't some breakaway republic that 'd give out citizenship to all it 's inhabitants in 1991 -- we 'd already done that in 1918 . 
  local russophones ( who did n't already have citizenship by descent ) were free to take the citizenship of the former occupying power 's successor state , i.e. 
  russia , and there are no artificial limitations on applying for estonian citizenship . 
  finland 's and sweden 's populations do n't differ by two orders of magnitude , and the swedish minority in finland does n't seem quite as revanchist . 
  official bilingualism would work out the same way it has ( twice ) in the past : all estonians would have to learn russian , a few russians would bother learning estonian . 
  til . 
   it 's principal in english . 
  it 's principal in us english , 
  _ technically _ estonians ( and other finnic tribes ) have stronger genetic ties to asia than your average europeans . 
  if you look carefully , it 's the eyes and cheekbones where those ancient genes sometimes manifest . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine-abroad/ametov-murdered-crimean-tatar-called-first-victim-of-russian-occupation-339911.html ) ? 
  the minister was n't an oligarch per se , he was a public servant who had held his ministerial position for less than two years . 
  must be nice being able to save up from your wages to buy 42kg of gold  also : whataboutism . 
  hell yes . 
  and local russians _ do _ tune in when we show sherlock or somesuch with estonian subtitles , so that 's good , 
  understandable . 
  i was just avoiding the word `` headmaster '' which is n't really a good translation . 
  `` head of school '' would 've been better , probably . 
  but we both , obviously , understood \u0434\u0438\u0440\u0435\u043a\u0442\u043e\u0440  when did you go to school , if you do n't mind me asking , and roughly where ? 
  not a priority , apparently . 
  can you remember if your teachers , or the \u0434\u0438\u0440\u0435\u043a\u0442\u043e\u0440 spoke any estonian ? 
  it 's not guaranteed to work 100 % , but there 's little else that can . 
  they already learn english . 
  it 's pretty much like this : when two people of different ethnicities meet who are over 35 , their first common languague is usually russian . 
  when those meeting are _ younger _ than 35 , they 'll use estonian or english instead , as you said . 
  even the youngsters who go for english still live within the cultural space where their parents and grandparents have their tvs blaring russian `` circuses '' every evening , and that 's a tough habit to break . 
  when they get their own place , and their own tv , do you think they 'll start watching bbc all of a sudden ? 
  we do n't have the resources to hide our own `` propaganda '' between the flashy shit like the never-ending \u0435\u0441\u0442\u0440\u0430\u0434\u0430 on russian channels . 
  we can only hope to catch the already-thinking parts of the population who do n't require entertainment to lead them to news . 
  there have been attempts by private sector to produce sane media , but they all have either become shit themselves just to compete , or have died out . 
   well , since estonia has a significant russian-speaking population , why would n't the government reach out and do russian-language tv programmes ? 
  we do . 
  tv programmes , news , current affairs , whole radio stations . 
  russia can afford to drown it out . 
  there 's no way to compete with an opponent that can match any resources you can conceivably bring to bear with nary a thought . 
  languague education ( and education in general ) is the only viable method for us moving forward , basically extending the amount of sources available for them . 
  there 's a reason russia and it 's local allies fight _ for _ , not against segregation , 
  nothing to do with `` christian science '' , and little to do with `` christian '' . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  canadians do n't have their own languague . 
  estonian institute has fuck all to do with actual living languague , though . 
  were we not to resist the cultural pressure from the east , estonian would end up like our relatives in russia - marginalized and , literally , dying out . 
   where nobody watches estonian television and that 's a problem . 
  the locals keep themselves apart from estonian public sphere , from estonian society . 
  instead , they consume exclusively russian media - and their attitudes and opinions are formed by the drivel they get from there . 
  do you remember that little kid off the telly from bronze nights ? 
  `` daddy , where are the tanks ? 
  why is n't putin sending the tanks ? '', 
  they believe in the russian oppression-narrative because they have no access to other narratives , they 're trapped in it . 
  only learning estonian can bring them out of it . 
  he 's right in that reuters took the comments out of context . 
  nope , they 're all ugly smelly trolls so you 'd better stay away . 
   ai n't nothing wrong with having a couple of languages in your country . 
  there kind of is . 
  take belgium , for example - french and dutch . 
  or switzerland - german , french , italian . 
  all those languagues have a `` support system '' external to the countries themselves . 
  meanwhile , estonian is only officially supported in estonia . 
  were we to have dual official languagues , we 'd halve the resources that go for the maintenance of estonian and direct them to russian which already has immensely vaster resources behind it . 
  it 'd be a cultural suicide . 
  edit : we _ are _ teaching them estonian , in many cases successfully . 
  there 's just this problem of certain political forces with vested interest in keeping them down by excluding them from the wider society . 
  and i do n't mean the nationalists ,
