  he started by having 300 of his own citizens blown up to cement his power , which lead to a war with close to 100,000 casualties . 
  a pointless referendum . 
  the government acted as if there were alternatives , or as if the terms of the deal were still substantially negotiable . 
  just google `` britain threatens to veto '' . 
   ca n't really expect that representatives of 5 million people ` veto ' the future the majority of 65 million people have chosen to persue . 
  * cough * uk * cough * eu, 
  leaked western documents mentioning russia do n't count . 
  industrial machinery has other functions apart from killing , a buk does n't . 
  it was sent there by russia , and it was sent there to kill ukrainian soldiers . 
  that it killed civilians instead was an accident . 
  that 's not fauna , [ _ that 's _ ] ( http://imgur.com/a/gusuq ) fauna . 
   intentions matter , and nobody claims it was intentional . 
  the delivery of said buk to the warzone was intentional . 
  if a terrorist detonates a bomb , you do n't just go after the terrorist , you go after whomever built the bomb as well . 
   most russians will continue to believe the main storyline of the regime . 
  which one ? 
  they just debunked their own previous version yesterday , effectively admitting they 'd presented fake evidence to support it . 
   would be blown away by a legitimate gop candidate had they had one this . 
  the gop dropped the ball so badly - parading a plethora of plastic wankers designed to appeal to the imaginary base so fucking abysmal that an idiot off the telly got in control of the message ? 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  for a casually interested outsider the most perplexing problem with 2016 appears to be not that the candidates are corrupt , or plain shit , but that both of them appear to be outright incompetent . 
  yanks will have to choose between a shit sandwich and a piss popsicle . 
  it 's an insane version of the trolley problem - will you renege on your ethical beliefs and vote for a corrupt , lying scumbag , or will you , through inaction , increase the risk of fucking trump becoming the president . 
  for close to a decade now i have n't been able to discern between anarchos and far left antifa . 
  just another soviet custom they have n't gotten rid of yet . 
  none taken . 
   have you ever been to the uk ? 
  oh , lots , double digits for sure . 
  what i meant is that empire is still a subliminal strain in british collective psyche ; it may well require an outsider to point it out to those affcted . 
  and i do n't mean the touristy frippery with royals and shite , i mean the `` fog over channel , continent cut off '' mentality . 
  i imagine that fish have no word for water . 
   get other privileges fuck that . 
  `` phantom voters '' as an expression is a bit weak when you 're talking about 10-12 million of them . 
  status as a great power able to do whatever the fuck they want . 
  russia dropped out of the big leagues a while back , and have decided that being an all-round nuisance is the simplest way to be taken seriously again . 
  until that goal is reached , they 'll do whatever they can get away with . 
  even w/o that , you do n't think russia would spend money they ca n't afford on another prestige project ? 
  status . 
  mein kampf is back in print . 
   `` right to inviolability of his person '' but the person ends , legally speaking , at death . 
  all that 's left is a corpse that 's the property of one 's heirs . 
  impossible . 
  i do n't have my ees at hand , is there a hint as to which dialect ? 
   i 'm also fairly certain that kuras is what is used in estonia for actual ` real ' knife . 
  i 've literally never heard it . 
  how hard can it be ... [ what the fucking fuck ] ( http://forvo.com/word/cyllell/ ) ? 
   are we sure that nato even reports snap exercises ? 
  rest assured , russian media would report on them , 
  sorry mate , but if you promote absolute certainty over sigmas you must 've skipped the philosophy of science course . 
  russia has held 20 _ snap exercises _ over past two years - those threatening ones announced mere hours in advance that get their neighbors in huff . 
  nato has held precisely zero of those . 
  so `` nato holds exercises , too '' is , while technically correct , a bunch of whataboutist bullshit presenting an obviously false equivalence . 
  a50 negotiations are about uk getting out . 
  in what capacity they get back in , on , or along , is the subject of next round of negotiations . 
  * whose edit : * comedian 's, 
  necessary , not sufficient . 
  depends on whether he speaks estonian . 
  is it a real circassian organization , or another russian pr front ? 
   earlier this week , khauti sokhrokov , the president of the international circassian association and someone many circassians view with suspicion because of his pro-moscow positions , noted that he had been invited to a meeting of ngos at the russian foreign ministry and had spoken with lavrov . 
  ah , right . 
  carry on . 
  oh , we have both . 
  it 's just that our cultural and historical connections to europe run much deeper . 
   dnc made those emails , not russia . 
  you 100 % certain of that ? 
  that 's one of the problems with those leaks , as with the previous ones . 
  what if i grabbed a bunch of e-mails off your gmail account , added one that has you arranging a date with an ewe , then made them public ? 
  you 'd be branded a sheepshagger in public eyes , due to no fault of your own . 
  putting one 's trust in random , unsourced data dumps is stupid . 
  you 're betting on the integrity of a ) the leaker , in this case the blatantly partial wikileaks and b ) their source , about whom we know fuck all apart from them being a group of individuals who speak russian . 
   against obama, 
  eu has hunreds of trained and experienced trade negotiators who have been doing this for - literally - decades . 
  uk , in contrast , outsourced its trade negotiations in 70s . 
  if they manage to scrounge up two dozen people of same calibre , i 'd be quite surprised . 
   decisions like these give excuses to putin to set his troops closer and closer to europe . 
  they ca n't get much closer . 
  for example , there 's a full airborne assault division of 8k + just 25km from our border . 
  and those are n't conscripts but professionals who 've seen action in georgia , who played the role of `` little green men '' in crimea and `` miners and tractorists '' in donbass . 
  at least you guys have some level of uncertainty about the outcome . 
  we get brits and danes ? 
  what 's this , a camp bastion reunion ? 
  or ... siberia ? 
  he made only part of his cache public . 
   there is , however , exactly zero evidence that snowden for that reason would corrupt himself ... especially given his incredibly principld character , which led him to throw away his old life for his beliefs . 
  ach , i believe i 've found the reason for our differing opinions . 
  you 've succinctly outlined your position on snowden , which is n't that uncommon considering the shedloads of snowden hagiographies on teh interwebs . 
  whereas i just consider him some random numpty with a misplaced case of hero worship who fell in with the wrong crowd , got outplayed by them and is now in way , way over his head . 
  snowden lives in russia on the sufferance of russian intelligence agencies . 
  you _ may _ believe that they 're putting him up out the kindness of their black , evil hearts , but i 'd say it 's safe to assume they are n't doing it for free . 
  if he 's not cooperating with said agencies through his handlers , i 'd be fucking amazed , because that 'd make him the first defector to not fully cooperate with the intelligence services of target country in , what , the whole history of intelligence services ? 
  his lord haw-haw act on twitter is him working off his debt to mother russia , by cultivating the next generation of oblivious useful idiots . 
  if he was russian , he 'd have been dead for years by now . 
  different rules apply . 
   only if i find evidence for that precisely , there 's no evidence he 's fluent in german . 
  which is funny , because whoever runs `` his '' twitter account has no problems tweeting in german . 
  do you seriously think he 's allowed to do as he pleases ? 
  next you 'll tell me he 's fluent in german , too , 
  of course not , i doubt we 're in the habit of offering safe haven to criminals . 
  he was n't forced to go there . 
  i would 've expected him to not fuck off to russia with a shitload of secret documents , but that ship 's sailed a long time ago .
