  i fully accept the criticism , with the caveat that i still maintain that it truthfully represents a trend based on , admittedly , anecdotal evidence , 
  meh , you 're all s\u00e4chsisch for us  explanation : in estonian , all germans are ( still ) called saxons . 
  then again , we ( still ) call all russians veneti , so go figure . 
  i spend too much time in greece to pretend being able to wholly distance myself from the subject . 
  solidarity is a nice concept , but at some point the complacency ( not corruption , or laziness ) of one party becomes a burden on it . 
  greece desperately needs change ( in more ways than one , ha bloody ha ) . 
  yes , we 're pretty much dealing with a regime change imposed from the outside , but short of declaring the whole country a historical site or an outright museum and accepting it 's never going to be self-sustaining that 's the only way to go , otherwise the greek will suffer more in a downward spiral of default after default . 
  at the same time the ugly undercurrents come to fore . 
  it 's easy to see why the most vocal proponents of the default are the far right and the far left , because the virtual anarchy following it would let them flourish again and from what i hear , the bastards are itching for another scrap . 
   i 've been told that they do this because it helps cope with the tear gas . 
  chicken and egg problem . 
  which came first , the tear gas or the fires ? 
  thanks for the long answer . 
  you can quote by simply copying the line or paragraph over and sticking a  in front of it . 
   i do n't see a problem with greece never having a balanced budget . 
  or , rather , i see a greek problem that can be solved by deflating their currency and manage somehow . 
  but that 's what they 've always done . 
  crash , rebuild , crash , rebuild . 
  it 's not sustainable in the long run , at some point they 'd have to learn the lesson and change their behaviour . 
  why not now ? 
  yes , eu should never have let greece in the eurozone , but it 's not some conspiracy that led them to ignore their better judgement , but a misplaced bout of idealism that decreed that , for rather silly nostalgic/historical reasons , greece should always be included in the european project . 
  they hoped the greeks would change their behaviour towards a more responsible one -- after all , responsible adults do n't use , much less max , the credit cards randomly mailed to them . 
  they were wrong , greece did n't behave as a responsible adult and is thus , sadly , classified as a teenager in need of tough love . 
  because when left to it 's own devices , it 'd never grow up , never break the destructive patterns of behaviour . 
  yes , there are people in greece who are starving ( or better said , malnourished ) . 
  but when they were n't starving it was because their potemkin village of a state lived off borrowed money . 
  what would be a better indicator of greece 's needing massive changes in how it 's economy is run than that something as simple as ( collectively ) affording food meant ( collectively ) living beyond one 's means ? 
   perhaps some italian would have voted differently if he knew the rest of europe ( right , left , whatever ) would have not considered berlusconi equal at the table . 
  he deserved a seat at the table simply due to the italian citizens having elected him as their representative . 
  i doubt anyone had any illusions about the man , but he _ was _ democratically elected . 
  as the austrian debacle way back when showed , you do n't poke your nose in another country 's internal matters w/o a good reason , so if italians choose to elect a man who 'd run their country into the ground , who are the other leaders -- not elected by italians -- to tell the fucking bastard of a clown off ? 
  common currency changed that approach , eventually . 
  it is still in it 's infancy , yet it has already changed the rules to an extent we 're not fully cognizant of . 
  this is a realization that took a while to manifest -- that you ca n't maintain wildly disparate patterns of behaviour if you 're sharing a purse . 
  the sooner a political union follows the fiscal one the better , because as it 's become painfully obvious , it 's sorely needed . 
  but it 's a very delicate process . 
  if the `` debtor '' nations misinterpret the others ' offers that are designed in the interests of them not losing face in the process ( due to european solidarity and the still-lingering idealism ) as somehow a weak hand and therefore negotiable to the extent that they really are n't , it may well become easier for the `` creditors '' to smash those selfsame faces in and accept their losses by kicking them to the curb . 
  that came over as more aggressive than i thought , but i trust you understand what i mean . 
  thanks for the lengthy answer . 
  what it boils down to , however , is an appeal to emotion . 
  meanwhile , i ca n't help but notice that someone 's lit a bonfire in the middle of the street . 
  as usual with wsws , first paragraph and the second half . 
   greece probably never had a balanced budget . 
  and ? 
  you do n't see a problem with that ? 
  living on borrowed money , forever in the mercy of one 's creditors or , worse yet , patrons ? 
  greece is n't some cheeky rascal that 's slipped away from parental oversight , it 's an adult bloody nation that 's responsible for it 's own deeds . 
   merkel and sarkoszy only `` fuck over their own people '' oops , i thought you spoke about berlusconi . 
  he was the responsibility of the italians themselves , which is why the adults only stepped in once he became a nuisance in the whole neighborhood , not just in his own house . 
  we see the issue in a similar manner , but assign blame differently  please do n't take it the wrong way , but -- seeing as you 're not wearing your national colors in this subreddit -- , am i correct in assuming you 're from the south yourself ? 
  they 're still there . 
  same women , i mean . 
  francia , as in frankish empire , 
   ( most of the talks about the `` magic '' swaps were not made in public or made public for a long while ) . 
  trying to blame specific actions or moments in time as a cause for current problems represents same way of thinking as trying to identify specific people to blame does . 
  tell me instead : when was the last time greece had anything resembling a balanced budget ? 
  under the junta ? 
  the trend was already unsustainable -- g-s did n't bloat the public sector or run ads for tax evasion , their involvement merely accelerated the inevitable . 
   why are these people in power of some of the most powerful nations on earth ? 
  because they 're careful to only fuck over their own people . 
  and until they endanger the rest of us , it 's up to their own people to deal with them , via democratic means . 
  check my flag . 
  that last bit was about us , 
  superfluous nonsensical willy-waving bureaucratic wankery . 
  i mean , germany does n't give france shit over their name , do they ? 
  edit : plus , being called `` former soviet republic of '' by random nincompoops obviously has it 's role to play . 
  not necessarily , but arabic & english do seem to follow marginally different editorial philosophies . 
  like a german al-jazeera . 
  that `` former yugoslav republic of '' bit pisses me off every damn time . 
  never short on hyperbole . 
   why is it cool and good for people in , say , egypt to fight for their rights , even violently , whereas it 's no-no for greeks ? 
  because greeks had a choice . 
  mere complacency and building your future on an infeasible economic model ( `` i can make it alright thanks to my state pension ! '' ), 
  also constitutes a choice made . 
  it 's very easy , and very human , to seek scapegoats ( `` a big boy did it and ran away !, 
  '' ) , but that does n't hide the fact that the majority of voters were quite content to coast along as long as the going was good , with nary a thought of the future . 
  it 's the same over here . 
   ( no comment ) no context , either . 
  well , let 's be honest -- when greeks talk about eastern europeans , they mean bulgaria , romania , belarus ( i.e. 
  `` deep east '' ) . 
  we are unknown at best , annoyance at worst , because we show them how their `` young democracy '' excuse is n't , strictly speaking , valid . 
  not downplaying the differences , merely pointing out that part of your argument was based on a false premise , 
  german unification was driven by prussia , italian by sardinia . 
  no , what i meant was that while , for example , britain and france ran a tightly centralized system from the go , as witnessed by the dominance of london and paris , respectively , _ both _ italy _ and _ germany were , up to very late in history , mere bundles of city states . 
  y' know , history book stuff . 
  apparently they 're being forced to live like , _ shudder _ , eastern europeans . 
  also : $ 600 is considered `` indian wages '' by the author . 
  also : nazis , germans , merkel , wwii , the french , german empire . 
  that said , the social democrat at the end came over as sensible . 
   also italy never had a centralized state like all other european countries . 
  germany . 
  because it 's either too bloody cold and the snow is too powdery or it 's too fucking warm and the `` snow '' is nothing but grey sludge and you missed the time between those two extremes when it 'd have been doable because you went to take a piss . 
  20 \u00b0 c in living room , 16 \u00b0 c in bedroom . 
  pretty much untranslatable . 
  but it does fuck you up , eventually . 
  edit : it 's like ... when it 's both damp and cold outside and you feel like crap and you have n't seen the sun in months and everything and everyone is starting to grind your gears and you just want to crawl up and die or at least put as much distance as possible between you and everyone else and everything 's just shit squared and it feels like you . 
  just . 
  take . 
  any . 
  longer .
