   filing income tax in 5 minutes that 's a bloody lie , that is . 
  took me nearly 20 minutes this year !, 
  edit : during a monumentally boring meeting . 
  it was either that , or tetris . 
   kurds are said to be the biggest nation without a state . 
  people without a state , not nation . 
  and that 's wrong , there are peoples in india who dwarf the kurds . 
   supposedly , they have made the first step towards an independent kurdish state in northern iraq . 
  keep an eye on northern syria as well . 
  i remember reading this quip in twitter :  cyprus . 
  where russian government hides money from russian government . 
  _ technically _ estonia does n't tax corporate incomes . 
   wonderful !, 
  let the race to the bottom begin . 
  < / sarcasm  we already won that one , no ? 
   the terms for portugal loan were better then the markets were offering at the time ( near 7 % ) the country asked for help that 's what i meant - considering their circumstances . 
  best possible terms for the country in question , at time in question . 
   they are always loans with harsh terms that it 's unclear if they benefit more the receivers than the lenders . 
  wrong . 
  wrong , wrong , wrong . 
  these loans have always been on the best terms possible , terms they would never have been able to get elsewhere considering their circumstances . 
  because luxemboursche banks are n't stupid enough to choose their investments based on misplaced ethnic pride ? 
  the worst possible time to go to a loan shark is when absolutely everyone knows you 're in dire need of money . 
  tldr in english ? 
  oh yes , russia . 
  good luck with that . 
  at least when eu fucks you up the back passage , they have the decency to use lube , 
  the uk explicitly chose a lax banking model back then to attract capital . 
  that is , the shit that was advantageous for uk after black wednesday is exactly what 's killing cyprus right now . 
  what is it with island nations and banks , anyway ? 
   it is by all measures one of the poorest financial and political decisions to ever be made , and has already caused a chained reaction in europe . 
  it was not , and it has not , cypriots ' fear tactics nonwithstanding . 
  look , you guys just took the blackmail leaf out of greece 's playbook from last year and turned it to eleven . 
  you 're playing a game that several much more capable countries have attempted , and failed at , against an opponent that has won all previous matches . 
  if ez is willing to draw a line somewhere , a marginal , peripheral economy would be a perfect place to do it . 
  it takes a while . 
  in the meantime - pain and suffering ;(, 
  cypriot banks are - proportionally - more than twice the size that ireland 's were . 
   we choose to lose money with pride and fight as much as we can , instead of surrendering to germany 's and eu 's reckless bailout plan . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  we can fuck up by ourselves . 
  look , i 'd be perfectly happy to spend money helping you guys get back on a sustainable path . 
  but i 'm not willing to finance the fuckup of a vanity project that is cyprus ' banking sector . 
  solidarity has it 's limits . 
  greece was too large to be made an example of . 
  cyprus is ... smaller . 
  them fumbling around aimlessly post-exit would be a powerful warning for the rest of ez . 
  then again , their small size would make it possible for russia ( or china , for that matter ) to bail them out wholesale and run it as a loss leader just to one-up the eu . 
  dude , at ~ 0:36 he says british instead of cypriot . 
  tired indeed , 
  yes , let 's start every negotiation by going nuclear . 
  not treated like what ? 
  ireland chose to keep their banks and that decision - not someone from outside - fucked them up . 
  here you go . 
  it 's quick and dirty because i 'm sleepy   did the cypriots - their parliament - make a grave mistake today ? 
  one that 's dangerous for the rest of the eurozone as well ? 
  we acknowledge the decision with regret . 
  cyprus itself applied for an assistance program . 
  and for such a program we need a predictable way for cyprus to regain access to financial markets . 
  for this their debts , their liabilities are too high , in proportion to their gdp , 17 billion , so everyone 's been saying this has to be reduced . 
  and in such a case , when the threat of insolvency is looming , the creditors are to be involved . 
  and if we want to avoid that , then the investors are to make an appropriate contribution . 
  if that 's a bail-in or a tax on assets - that 's something for cyprus itself to decide , but without a sustainable basis there there 's no negotiation over an assistance program . 
   and if that does n't happen , if cyrus were to enter bankruptcy on it 's own volition , how dangerous would that be for the rest of the eurozone ? 
  well , we 're a lot more stable in the eurozone , we 've set up measures in all countries to combat the danger of contagion . 
  the greek banking system has become much more stable due to their assistance program ... 
  so i wo n't even hear of it , it 's a serious situation , but it ca n't lead to us making a decision that makes no sense . 
  that 'd shore up a business model that 's not successful ... cyprus has a banking sector that has low taxes and favorable legal environment which is completely overdrawn and because of that cyprus is insolvent . 
  and no-one outside of cyprus is to blame for that , it 's simply that the business model is not viable , it has to be restructured , there 's no other way . 
  and that 's what those responsible in cyprus should tell their people - that the people are out protesting is understandable , we have to remain calm in the face of it and [ ? ], 
  sensibly but that can not lead to us making unreasonable , irresponsible decisions . 
   and in cyprus , as we 've become aware , you 've been made a scapegoat for those under 100.000 being involved in the losses ? 
  that was a cypriot decision ... why do you think the government made such a fatal step ? 
  i believe that the cypriot government thinks it can keep on attracting large investors , same as until now now . 
  the economy is based on foreign capital flowing to cyprus . 
   so that they attract oligarchs by fleecing small savers ? 
  calling them oligarchs is already a judgment . 
  large investors . 
  with favorable taxes and other legal frameworks . 
  and they 'd love to keep it . 
  but as this business model simply is n't functioning anymore - cyprus has effectively had no access to financial markets since fall 2011 , the rating agencies have set them at junk , the two largest banks in cyprus are insolvent , and that 's something that no-one outside of cyprus carries blame for . 
  that business model does n't work and that 's something someone has to explain to the people of cyprus , that there 's no other way , that if this crisis is to be solved this is the cause that has to be counteracted . 
   so what happens when nothing happens ? 
  i 've read that by june cyprus has to somehow find a billion euros and that 's not doable in present conditions . 
  will cyprus be bankrupt in june ? 
  such speculations always sound like threats . 
  currently the situation is as follows : the banks are closed ...  the wo n't stay that way , certainly ? 
  both of the larger banks are living exclusively off emergency liquidity through the central bank and the ecb has made it clear that if there is no program , no assistance program , then that liquidity can not be forthcoming . 
  and that 's also something to be explained . 
  these are difficult circumstances , and i do n't think it 'll take until july , i think it 's critical whether the banks can be opened at all , as those two banks are without emergency liquidity completely insolvent . 
   i suppose the result of those will be visa free travel for eu and russian citizens to the respective territories ? 
  they 've had a _ full year _ to discuss alternatives . 
  had they not pussyfooted around for that long the best alternative ( the one they voted on ) might not have been such a shit one . 
  laiki is a single bank , not the whole country . 
  do n't they lose ela cover automatically on failing to meet eligibility criteria ? 
  beware of russians bearing gifts . 
  there 's a difference between proposals and decisions . 
  the latter is down to cypriot politicians and rehn has gone on record saying that the commission will be ok with whatever split is decided in cyprus . 
  love the churchill quote . 
  they said how much needs to be taken , the locals got to decide from whom .
