   falling regime ? 
  putins approval rating is 89 % and greeks said `` no '' to austerity in their referendum . 
  some things are n't a popularity contest . 
  greeks could n't vote their debt away any more than russians ' approval of putin can get them a sustainable economy . 
  to put this in perspective , the third greater asian co-prosperity sphere lost 2.2 soldiers in in afghanistan , in roughly 41 years . 
  that 's true . 
  if it 's a link farm , then i 'd like to know where they scraped their content from , 
  the domain is bs-life . ru , not bs-info . ru . 
  ach , i remember now - french languague uses _ last _ differently from english  it caused me some not-insignificant trouble some 10 years ago . 
  _ last _ february ? 
  to put this in perspective , the ussr lost ~ 15k soldiers in afghanistan , in roughly 10 years . 
  to put this further in perspective , the british empire lost over ~ 16k soldiers in afghanistan , in roughly 6 years . 
  hmm , looking at the trends -- at some point in future someone 's going to lose very few soldiers in afghanistan in a very long time period . 
  last year there was a bicycle event that shut down parts of the city i live in , causing me minor discomfort . 
  fucking cyclists , why ca n't they cycle within their own four walls ? 
  why should my tax money go towards paying for those degenerates rubbing their crotches against phallic leather implements ? 
  on a more serious note - you must 've hated love parade , 
  why do you think they `` party on tax payer cash '' ? 
  yukos , before it was dismantled , had become the cleanest-run major enterprise in russia . 
  khodorkovsky himself preached corporate transparency and declared openly that corruption was suffocating russia . 
  putin moved against them not because they broke the law , he did it because they were unwilling to play by his twisted rules . 
  it 's not that khodorkovsky was a saint , even by russian standards . 
  he was just one of those rare robber barons who are able to decide they 've grabbed enough , and for those people doing away with the lawless wild west environment within which they used to operate is of paramount importance when going clean . 
  he had bad timing , trying to settle down just as putin and his cronies started their looting spree . 
  you did n't understand me . 
  it 's not about having pride , it 's about not being forced to feel ashamed . 
  wrong . 
  it 's about them not being ashamed to be homosexual . 
  _ pride _ is employed as the positive opposite of _ shame _ . 
  i bow to your superior scepticism , 
  not just on that island . 
  on several islands ( run\u00f6 , orms\u00f6 , dag\u00f6 ) , plus parts of the mainland . 
  you 're applying my logic wrong . 
  your example had random outsiders trying to become estonians with no previous connection , whereas with coastal swedes we 're dealing with swedish settlers right across the sea from sweden proper . 
  hell , the people on gotland are definitely swedes , and estonian islands are just a bit further to the east  if a group of finns had settled in northern estonia a few centuries ago , maintained their cultural traditions , kept speaking finnish , kept in permanent contact with finnish mainland -- at what point would you claim they 'd stopped being finns ? 
  they largely did , until last august . 
  then they were overwhelmed by ukrainian response , and had to escalate . 
  a friend of mine sat in a meeting with him two weeks ago . 
  you 're forgetting how tiny estonia is , 
  ... and it 's only those who _ were _ given compensations . 
  that article is from a month ago . 
  tsahkna has backed down a bit since then due to subtle pressure from within the coalition . 
  from my reading of the article , the 1950 mentioned were already due to receive citizenship in october ; the deal was done and the winners announced . 
   the current citizenship applicants have passed the required danish language courses , citizenship tests and background checks the 've done more than just sat on their arse for a predetermined amonut of time . 
  hell , they 've learned bloody _ danish _ , 
  baby steps . 
  do n't forget that we 're in a long-term process of integrating hundreds of thousands of immigrants already , which for us is a significant share of the population . 
  dunno where you get that religious filter part from . 
  not unless other estonians view them as estonians . 
  i doubt you follow estonian media , but we 're pretty much choosing the locations for new refugee centers already . 
  true , but it 's a dick move to change the rules mid-game . 
  oh , the bookings dropped alright , political instability tends to have that effect . 
  which meant that there were unusually good offerings for the last-minute crowd once the situation stabilized somewhat . 
   before i went i was told the greek flag is blue and white because of the sea and the sky ... now i get it . 
  not a cloud in the sky for most of the days , and i 've never seen such blue water . 
  waaaait a moment . 
  whence the white , then ? 
   we were talking about ethnicity , not heritage . 
  and i 'm telling you they 're very difficult to view separately in a context when one is largely defined by the other . 
  there are many variables that make up one 's ethnic identity -- there 's heritage , but there 's also ancestry/genetics , there 's geography , there 's belonging to a polity , etc -- and different peoples assign different weights to those components . 
  i assume the weight we assign to heritage is somewhat higher than yours  edit : as i said above , there 's no single , agreed-upon way to define ethnicity . 
  every ethnos is apt to use their own definition , commonly based on how they define themselves . 
  if he went there to meet jp2 , he ( officially ) went to vatican , i.e. 
  he went to rome _ second _ , like kaczynski . 
   so he does speak estonian just as well as kid a. 
  then he 's a kid with two heritages , both an estonian and a russian , whichever he prefers depending on context . 
  what he says when the census-taker comes visiting is up to him . 
  many ( possibly most ) coastal swedes spoke estonian at near-native or native level as well . 
  just because they were estonians does n't mean they stopped being swedes . 
  do you think _ finlandssvenskar _ are n't _ svenskar _ ? 
   we have two kids : kid a and kid b. 
  both are from families that have lived in estonia for over a 100 years and they have similar backgrounds . 
  kid a speaks estonian at home , kid b speaks russian at home . 
  you would only consider kid a to be estonian ? 
  as a rule , yes . 
  a small correction , though -- the family of kid a is implicitly assumed to have been living here literally forever ( as in , since the beginning , whenever that may have been ) simply due to the languague he speaks . 
  that 's why i used _ heritage _ above , instead of _ ancestry _ -- speaking the languague is the only way to be plugged into the collective memory that defines estonians as a people . 
  it seems exclusionary and restrictive at first glance , but -- as i mentioned above -- it 's not uncommon for someone to be considered an estonian even if they had no estonian parents , or _ were n't _ brought up speaking estonian . 
  at some point other estonians simply start thinking of them as estonian . 
  but , critically , that _ does not _ happen before that someone ( say , kid b ) learns to speak estonian at near-native level . 
  it 's memes over genes , now that i think of it , 
   apparently 25 % of estonians speak russian at home . 
  would you consider them all not estonians because of their language alone ? 
  even if they have never even left the country . 
  obviously . 
  they may be estonian citizens , but they 're not ethnic estonians . 
  we call them _ eestimaalased _ which translates to _ estlander _ -- we share the land with them , but not the languague . 
  as with the coastal swedes ( who were swedish-speaking descendants of swedish settlers ) , they 're russian-speaking descendants of russian-speaking immigrants . 
  are the swedish-speakers in finland finnish , or are they _ finns _ ? 
  the scenario you describe is nonsensical , no-one grows up in a linguistic vacuum . 
  _ if _ you grew up speaking japanese when everyone around you did n't speak japanese then it 's highly probable that one or both of your parents were japanese . 
  are you being wilfully obtuse now ? 
  not because you spoke japanese , but because you grew up speaking japanese . 
  first languague , y' know ? 
  the one your parents taught you ? 
  it 's not about `` languague skills '' , it 's about ( cultural ) heritage . 
  of which -- for estonians -- languague is the most important part . 
  [ more in russian ] ( http://top.rbc.ru/finances/25/08/2015/55dc72f09a7947ac57f0c629 ), 
  different ways of thinking . 
  ethnicity is n't exactly a well-defined concept  to clarify , different nations define themselves based on different criteria .
