  it 's a long project . 
  they ran an expensive [ side project ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reunification ) . 
  how does germanic-latin linguistic divide account for , say , greece and finland ? 
  when zuroff is out for blood , no rules apply . 
  if he sinks his teeth into someone , he 'll hound them until they 're convicted or dead , evidence or no evidence , presumption of innocence be damned . 
   then again ... to see how those people drive like maniacs , i 'd rather rent an armored car instead . 
  traffic manners are non-existent over there . 
  weird . 
  i 've been doing quite a lot of driving on crete , and the drivers i hate are the bloody tourists in their rentals who do n't know how the road rules work . 
  most of the locals could n't parallel park if their life depended on it , but they 're rather to the polite end on the scale when they 're actually on the roads and streets . 
  greece has unbelievable amount of history to tap for tourist cash . 
  where else can you see a wonderful set of roman ruins , with remains of buildings , statues , all the bells and whistles ... simply fenced off and pretty much ignored because there 's older and better ruins to display just 200m away , 
  did i talk about inflation ? 
  scandinavian banks offered cheap loans . 
  citizenry went `` why not ? 
  '' , let 's get that dream house in the suburbs . 
  money flowed into construction . 
  too many people went into construction . 
  we had a housing bubble gathering up steam , simple as that . 
  we 'd had been in a sizable amount of poo even if the current crisis had n't come to be . 
  second crisis softened the effects of the first one . 
  lesson learnt , and rather cheaply , too . 
  the graph represents real products and serviced supplied . 
  however , due to massive inflow of cheap money , some of the `` products and services '' became overvalued ( as in _ `` an unjustified increase in asset prices '' _ ) , enough to influence the graph . 
  the prices have dropped now , back to more realistic levels , and the workforce is in process of moving back to more sustainable endeavors . 
  as to the unemployment situation , i 'll refer you to the second graph you linked above . 
  see that sharp increase in growth in 2006-2007 ? 
  what you ( and krugman ) call a `` trend '' was an unsustainable bubble . 
  rtfa . 
  they can borrow some of ours , we let another 10 % go in june . 
  too bloody efficient for their own good , apparently . 
  the arrival of the crisis to estonia was preceded by a massive increase in private borrowing . 
  those loans were denominated in euros . 
  devaluation would 've hit `` the working people '' just as bad . 
  also , state employees were the first to see the wage cuts . 
  that `` solidarity moment '' fed into the overall social cohesion and made it easier for the private sector to cope . 
  effectively , that action ( going after their own first , so to say ) drove home the severity of the crisis to the general populace . 
  i suspect the difference between estonia and certain other countries is that our leadership has n't yet been terrorized into the habit of making bad decisions for short-term benefit by `` the working people '' . 
  had the same method been tried in `` old europe '' , the extent of the strikes would 've been quite unprecedented . 
  that was 2006 , though . 
  last time i checked ( may ? 
  june ? 
  i 've been spending too much time in greece ... ) the minimum state pension was down to about $ 350 . 
  greek pensions are split between state and private , and private pension funds have n't been doing that good recently . 
  you might 've been paying into a private fund for decades to supplement your eventual state pension , but if that fund goes bust , you 're buggered . 
  mr sulik was wrong . 
  politicians , eh ? 
  if you 're eating your potatoes peeled , you 're not enjoying your estonian summer properly  btw , that $ 1400 average is bull . 
  afaik , more than half of greece 's pensioners receive $ 450-550 , no more than 10-12 % receive over $ 1000 . 
  treaties and agreements are what would be used to create a federal europe in the first place , 
  do it . 
  protestantism and catholicism in ni have less and less to do with actual religion . 
  that said , the map averages for whole countries , and ni gets the color the whole of uk has . 
  i listened to an interview with a pastor on the radio . 
  they 'd recently renovated their church , with hundreds of seats , fitting something in the region of a thousand people with standing spaces included . 
  so how many show up on sundays ? 
  `` about a dozen . '', 
  `` would you say this shows that church attendance is falling ? '', 
  `` oh no , attendance is stable . 
  i 've been through old records , and it was about a dozen a hundred years ago as well . '', 
  the fuck he does n't . 
  that was a carefully crafted diplomatic snub to publicly demonstrate how tiny , insignificant and worthless the siloviki consider ukraine to be compared to russia . 
  early years of 20th century , petrograd . 
  an old decembrist hears a commotion outside . 
  `` petr , '' he calls his great-grandson , `` go and see what 's happening '' . 
  the boy does as he 's told , then returns : `` those are communists , grandfather . '', 
  `` communists , eh ? 
  what do they want ? '', 
  `` they want a world without rich people , grandfather . '', 
  the old man thinks for a moment , then says : `` funny . 
  we used to wish for a world without poor people . '', 
  the answer to question `` who vikings the vikings '' was more often than not found on the eastern shore of baltic sea  also , dannebrog was nicked by valdemar the wanker quite a bit after the vikings had stopped vikinginginging . 
  a writer once compared estonia , latvia and lithuania to three men who 've done time in prison together . 
  they do n't fraternize that much once released because they do n't really have that much in common past that single shared experience ... but they still tip their hats to each other when they happen to meet on the street . 
   and the fact that both of us have been under swedish rule during the course of our history . 
  not to mention the ... other one . 
   the long period while that this area was a politically unified entity ` ottoman europe ' is also an useful designation at times . 
  depending on how you define geographical europe , some or most of the countries in `` eastern europe '' are west of the midpoint . 
   the members of \u00fcber-religious community should probably leave germany if they can not follow the first mitzvah . 
  a cunning plan to get rid of the haredim ? 
   you seem to think that there are no criminals , only ` scapegoats ' . 
  no , the key word in what i wrote is absolution . 
  syriza is good at the type of populist politics that allows people to see themselves as victims , \u00e0 la `` the big boy did it and ran away '' . 
  playing on the population 's desire for revenge by all means in their grab for power instead of pushing home the point that the country is so royally fucked that it 'll take not years but decades to fix it is dangerously short-sighted . 
   indication ? 
  indication ? 
  there has been nothing but ` indications ' for the last 40 years , but the people in charge wo n't put themselves in jail , can you believe the nerve ? 
  yet their actions were n't necessarily criminal . 
  you 're mistaking gut feelings for evidence . 
  that many decisions taken can be deemed _ immoral _ by today 's standards does n't mean they were _ illegal _ at the time . 
  greece can not afford the instability that invariably follows any politically-minded witch hunts because there are _ no good outcomes _ from this scenario . 
  when the masses are braying for blood , the most irresponsible reaction is to egg them on . 
  if you 're extraordinarily lucky , you 'll find scapegoats . 
  if you do n't , the masses will turn against yourself because they do n't understand the difference between _ immoral _ and _ illegal _ and accuse you of collusion with the `` guilty '' . 
  so you `` find '' the evidence , and the scapegoats , because otherwise you 're fucked . 
   a political phenomenon that rose from 4 % to 26 % due to all the anger of the greek people angry people are well known for their ability to make rational decisions . 
  unrealistic . 
  the country would be paralyzed for many years while an immensely expensive army of accountants goes to town on over 30 years ' worth of budgets in minute detail . 
  you 're describing a revenge fantasy . 
  if there 's an indication of criminal activity , it should be investigated .
