  wow , had n't seen this one before . 
  yes , the `` 75 % + '' area basically covers the parts of empire with predominantly protestant population . 
  i went digging for estonian historical literacy levels to compare . 
  according to 1897 census , 91 % could read and 78 % write . 
  soo ... 78 % fully literate in 1897 , 88 % in 1922 . 
  assuming linear progression , about 15 % of estonia 's population would 've still been illiterate in 1914 . edit : it 's probably down to the church which partially drove the development of a pretty solid education system by mid-1800s . 
  that , and st.petersburg being nearby at the time when the industrial revolution finally got started in russia , for which we supplied literate & educated workers they , let 's be honest , had a dearth of in russia proper . 
  edit2 : another way the church drove literacy - you could n't get married if you had n't been confirmed , you could n't get confirmed unless you could read the catechism . 
  so - no legal nookie if you ca n't read . 
   but they did develop industry in ukraine . 
  that 's a double-edged blade right there . 
  ussr developed industry in estonia as well , but a lot of what they built made economic sense only in the context of a single superstate , if at all . 
  parts of it fell into disuse fairly quickly , more followed after successive russian sanctions . 
  ukraine 's industry has n't been able to wean itself from their similar dependence on russian market , so it functions like a knife in ukraine 's back . 
  every once in a while russia can give it a twist , just to remind them who 's the boss in that relationship . 
  unless ukraine diversifies ( and this 'll be a bag of hurt , but it 's _ doable _ ) they 're be dependant on russia 's , ahem , goodwill . 
  it 's not just the words , it 's that the whole conceptual framework the languague was used in has been lost . 
  their thinking is , at times , completely alien to modern westerners . 
  experts can argue for decades about what a word meant or how it was used back then because the modern usage is so different . 
  darmok and jalad at tanagra , huh ? 
  what you 're saying applies to all languagues . 
  it 's one thing to have mastered grammar and acquired a vocabulary , it 's another thing to have picked up enough cultural ken to grok what the natives are talking about . 
  basically -- words are easy , concepts are difficult . 
  that 's not the same languague , tbh . 
  edit : the guys who triggered the western world spoke dialects of ancient greek . 
  that morphed into new testament greek ( easy to see how it got its name in retrospect ) , then byzantine greek ( ditto ) , and finally modern greek which is quite a bit removed from ancient greek . 
  for a modern greek person reading ancient greek is comparable to an englishman trying to read beowulf . 
  or chaucer , at the very least , 
  rt is a rough equivalent of fox in that it 's designed to push a specific political viewpoint , and does so by brazen misrepresentation of facts and blatant propaganda hidden under a protective cover of real enough news to fool the casual observer . 
  rt is just an attempt to put a civilized face on the rabid shit-fountains they 're producing for russian population . 
  ach , there 's another poignant difference . 
  bbc does n't do different news for internal and external consumption . 
  if you want to be a cool and edgy antiestablishmentarian , just watch al jazeera like the rest of us . 
  dude , are you seriously comparing bbc to russian media ? 
  i have , yes . 
  edit : have n't made my mind up over it yet , though . 
  will take a while to fully digest . 
   like yesterday it was pro-ukrainian tourists that burned 40 people in that building . 
  chornomorets fans are tourists ? 
   4 ministers in the interim government , the prosecutor general and the head of internal security are all svododa now . 
  your copypasta is out of date . 
   he 's empirically proven the jury is still out on that . 
   all pro-russian parties have been excluded from the eu endorsed interim government uninformed bullshit . 
  they were n't excluded by some evil forces but by the basic principles of parliamentary democracy . 
  party of regions [ declared they 'd go into opposition ] ( http://en.itar-tass.com/world/720693 ) when their faction lost so many members that their government had lost its parliamentary backing . 
  they 're still the largest party in rada , they currently just have no way of forming a majority . 
  it must be really , really weird living with _ only _ russian media . 
   the few ethnic russians who lived here before the ussr occupation have long become citizens and switched to the estonian language and become estonians . 
  the ethnic russians who lived here before the occupation -- and their descendants -- are citizens by birth , no matter what languagues they speak or how they self-identify . 
  edit : geneva conventions are plural , unless you 're referring to a specific one . 
   if russian speaking minorities have been living in estonia for their whole lives , they are not living in a country that is `` not theirs '' . 
  it 's theirs if they 're citizens . 
   it would be like if britain executed gandhi . 
  gandhean tactics only work if your opponent has scruples . 
   no-one will show up volunteers from russia , duh . 
   who have been living in estonia longer than it has been a recognised independent state ? 
  as in , 90 + years ? 
   there is no history test , you only need to know basic principles of the constitution . 
  and you can use the full text of the constitution when taking the test . 
  occupying powers have no right to conscript on the occupied territories . 
  those volunteering to join the occupying forces are considered traitors . 
  people were surprised we pushed for eu and nato membership a.s.a.p. 
  as if our lives depended on it . 
  if they 're still surprised now , they 're braindead, 
  [ dude ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/on_the_internet,_nobody_knows_you%27re_a_dog ), 
  \u00cele-de-france was rather good at predicting girl trends , until it struck out with ines . 
  _ black sea _ rotational force , huh ? 
  i would n't put full tsar scenario past him , but a ` president-for-life ' type of situation is effectively a certainty . 
  the people are saudis , the family are _ sauds _ . 
  not to scare you , but dugin 's _ very _ popular among russian general staff , has been for years . 
  it 's easy to write him off as a kook , but he 's an influential kook . 
  considering the level of ideological brain scrubbing russian nationalists display , it would n't take much for them to start donning volatile corsets . 
  modern latvia became a country in 1918 , that 's the point . 
  end of foreign occupation does n't mean a new country is created -- did , say , norway become a new country in 1945 ? 
  as for the rest of it , with all due respect , kindly go eat a bag of dicks . 
   because they lived there when it became a country if they lived in latvia when it became a country ( that is , in 1918 ) , they qualify for citizenship , no questions asked . 
   and there 's a fairly simple book that covers everything that can come up in the exam . 
  in estonia , the full text of constitution is available for perusal during the exam - i 'd assume it 's the same in latvia . 
  what kind of insane maniac would recommend baked fucking beans over sauerkraut ? 
   i mostly mean understanding the country 's humor , history and just way of life in general . 
  that 's what i meant by '' [ texts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/text_%28literary_theory%29 ) '' , 
  speaking a languague merely enables you to access the wealth of material that makes up a nation 's collective memory . 
  being able to vocalize one 's thoughts in a languague is n't sufficient in itself , because you could still be lacking the shared experiences that created and sustain the collective identity . 
  that is -- you 'd also need a familiarity with the core `` texts '' of a nation . 
  i think that 's what you mean by cultural connection ? 
   ( iirc one european country was reduced to dropping cement training bombs on libyan targets after their ammo ran out ) that was n't because they ran out of ammo . 
  those kill armor well enough and there 's less collateral damage . 
  slanted - yes , lying - no . 
   no it 's not . 
  yes it is . 
  the original post is about _ electronic identity _ , forging physical passports does n't enter the equation . 
  you 're arguing against the omnishambles that was uk 's id card project , not what the op linked to . 
  that 's _ precisely _ the point . 
  as attested by my flair , i have a state-backed digital identity . 
  _ do _ tell me how would one go about cloning it ? 
  how would one gain access to my bank ? 
  how would one go about voting in my stead ? 
  edit : just because the eejits in westminster ( or , in your case , holyrood ? ), 
  would n't know tech if it bit them in the arse does n't mean that viable solutions ca n't exist or do n't exist . 
  do n't let the cunts get you down , man .
