my city is not really popular and big compare to other cities . 
  but if you have a little interest in ww2 you know arnhem from operation market garden . 
  we only lost one !, 
  this is why a lot of people think americans are dumb ( they are not , some are ) . 
  breaking news : the netherlands invaded dinaric alps . 
  putin is a asshole, 
  they should give a statement that every unauthorised military airplane with no signs of leaving the airspace within a certain time otherwise they will get shot down , or some warningshots with the boardgun . 
  i think it is useless if sweden ever get attacked , nato/eu will help anyway if neccesary, 
  with hagelslag, 
  damm germans , give us our bikes back, 
  there was a project/idea to build our own mountain . 
  i hope it will go through so we can say that we make from sea to lake to land and fucking mountain 's link : http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/947174, 
  but ikea is a dutch company now, 
  saving this for my study, 
  one month is way to early , i am pretty sure my country ( the netherlands ) can magically appear that money but still . 
  what looks reasonable for me is at least a year notice . 
  yeah why not handle it like it is a river , the border is then in the middle of it . 
  if they were doing that , they will be going till france, 
  indonesia because i got it in my blood, 
  maby because france want uk out or dont care if they leave , uk will say fuck you france we are staying just to annoy you, 
  i guess it is a family thing but we eat snert with rice . 
  learned from my grandparents from indonesia, 
  i think that when all the countries agreed to spend atleast 2 % from there gdp . 
  they should keep that promise . 
  i can see some exceptions for the countries which have a really low gdp but not germany , the netherlands and other really rich countries . 
  what do you mean with no bullshit ? 
  just straight lying about russian troops in ukraine . 
  because it is normal that civilians have access to tanks , apc and even military planes . 
  why doesnt the taliban or al qaida have those things while they are at war for so many years ? 
  it is not like they are asking and when eu say no , that they are gon na invade us . 
  make a cease fire for a few days and make ukraine member of nato, 
  i study logistics in arnhem and my teacher says that german roadworkers just worm regarly days till 1700 but in the netherlands they start at 1900 and will be done repairing before sunset . 
  maby logistics . 
  since you live in the netherlands which is the gate to the rest of europe is it pretty good location . 
  and people with a logistics education from the netherlands got a pretty good name in the world . 
  and yes learn languages . 
  i recommand german and then france . 
  well what we call a hill is for some countries just a speedbump compare to the hills / , mountains they got, 
  oh sorry us that we want freedom and rights for children . 
  well east european countries are pretty good as well in rioting, 
  as a dutch guy , i would love to be the final the netherlands-germany . 
  and of course the dutch will win , 
  babies who cant speak yet, 
  i think it is a great idea , but you do n't have to rush to it . 
  it would be a slow development . 
  and as capital , i would love a city in the netherlands like the hague but more realistic brussel, 
  yeah me too or maby belgium . 
  i 'm from the netherlands, 
  it would be hard to pick a european team, 
  imagine how much medals we would get in olympic games and other sports, 
  now the dutch did better but france is doing really well, 
  i am kind of surprise that the netherlands is pretty low . 
  maby weapons export or that we have 22 us b61 thermonuclear bombs in airbase volkel, 
  yeah 2006, 
  well i think they should keep saving them ( and the cost is for all europa ) and bring them to land , fix them up and send them back with some money from their country or some us dollars . 
  personal i think we should meet the 2 % and im for a european army so it will be more efficient and cost less or better for the same budget . 
  i know the dutch mortars and belgium counterpart are learning theirs weapons-system so later they can operate both of them . 
  i guess germany , france and uk does n't belong to eu, 
  if that would happen in the netherlands it would only be 2-hour drive further, 
  i prefer the german name over the english name, 
  let nato buy it and deploy units from all over nato like a year british jets and next year may a combi of dutch/belgium jets, 
  i guess spain and germany for spain occupation and ww2 but we still hate them because they keep stealing titles from us in football . 
  broodje, 
  in the introduction week of college someone thought that i was turkish or moroccan . 
  but im dutch/indonesian . 
  my family is not sure how big the indonesia part is because paperwork was not the best back then in indonesia and my grandfather was a orphan in indonesia since he was a kid so he didnt really knew his parents . 
  but i do have black hair and brown skin . 
  weird belgians, 
  they need to study a european map more . 
  can we trade we give you syrians refugees and you give use some eastern europeans . 
  there are 4 pelotons of dutch police force send to support them . 
  around 180 people . 
  we can bring our own housing . 
  just give us a field where i can put my caravan, 
  isnt the carbonpaper a not working trick to avoid detection through xray . 
  i saw it once on a tv show about australia airport, 
  good, 
  second largest agriculture exporter in the world after the us . 
  80 billion euros in 2014 while russian boycot , birdflu and falling prices . 
  but im not sure what the role of the harbour rotterdam . 
  but it is still impressive . 
  at a c1000 is is near all the asian stuff and in a jumbo it is near the bakery products . 
  in the netherlands they got a few immigrants in a truck . 
  they discover it at a dc . 
  they thought it was going to cross the canal due a irish license plate . 
  im not sure but maby because she havs longer hair then the men . 
  ` some ' who can not coexist, 
  we should make one of the raid of the medway against england . 
  they dont even have the euro so ... 
  never forget 2010, 
  a proposal for a new member to makr it g8 again . 
  i would propose the netherlands . 
  or our new harbor, 
  it is ours . 
  11 % according to this source : http://gabrielhemery.com/2011/02/28/european-countries-and-their-forest-cover/ that is 3447 square km . 
  it is the least wooded country in europe togher with ireland . 
  yeah the only exceptions are if you wearing a face covering object for protection , hygiene and to stay anonymous ( military/police ), 
  well it is not only for a burqa but every piece of clothing that covers you face . 
  you should be able to identify a person . 
  so also no balaclavas and that kind of stuff,
