  they still think people in need needs help . 
  but the thing is that they do not belief a lot of these people are people in need . 
  and remember . . no russian . 
  you will never get our vla !, 
  but if tsa already miss 95 % of the forbidden items , is there really a different ? 
  there is not much room to do worse then tsa ? 
  liberal for this party means less government . 
  let companies figure it out and you will have the best product/service and the best price . 
  so they are very pro companies . 
  sometimes i feel americans have better stories from public transportation . 
  i feel like in the us a certain kind of people use it while in europe more `` normal '' people use it . 
  im dutch and i do the reverse snowman . 
  start with the lower half and then the top half . 
  also the un mission in mali . 
  the first plan was to that french helicopters would provide air transport for troops , supplies and wounded soldiers . 
  but there was pretty big resistant to that plan . 
  they want helicopters of our own airforce . 
  and in the end the ministry of defense had to change the plan and send our own helicopter . 
  i dont know about other dutch people but in high school the gymteachers had like a fetish for baseball . 
  we played that game a lot . 
  america benefit from being more european and europe benefit from being more american . 
  atleast if they pick the goods parts of it . 
  i would say most important germany ( economy and such ) but the most loyal/trusted ally i think is belgium . 
  they know they can take a plane right ? 
  i dont like these maps anymore, 
  but where are mexico and australia ? 
  i may not know a lot about the tradedeals but if the otherside urge you to make the deal . 
  it probably means that they need it more then you and you can demand a better deal . 
  like it is not even food, 
  well in the netherlands you can . 
  i live near the border and if they do not hold up , im getting flood, 
  like water protection, 
  back in the day we got a better negotiation position by sailing up the thames and destroy their navy . 
  from what i know the dutch didnt want denmark or sweden to be dominant in that area because then one country controle the baltic sea . 
  and we kinda switch around like in the thorsteinson war we support sweden . 
  i can not find the source anymore . 
  but ussually there are rules about how close an windmill can be placed to houses . 
  in germany and denmark it is like between 800 to 900 meters and in the netherlands it is already below 700 meters . 
  i believe it is 680m, 
  well because you germans pay everything with cash . 
  why not witcher 3 or killzone ? 
  can we take their spot ? 
  well the big thing is that the germans that also pay toll get their money for a part back . 
  so foreigners where gon na pay an higher price then germans even if they used the roads just as much . 
  are some of your family dutch ? 
  the netherlands use them . 
  but i dont think we are really nordic . 
  new kids jonge !, 
  well , the handbrake is in the middle so he can reach that . 
  and you do not need a handbrake to intervene in a situation . 
  also a steer ? 
  my driving instructor ( the netherlands ) only had the clutch , brake and gas . 
  battle of nuremberg, 
  the party leaders of the biggest parties are playing a game on ` jeugdjournaal ' a news show for kids . 
  the tail are there own faces and they are suppose to put them in ` het torentje ' ( it translate to the little towers ) . 
  which is the office for the prime-minister . 
  it is a little different then all the news coming from the netherlands recently . 
  or the russians ... 
  turks were mad at russia once and they were protesting at the dutch embassy instead of the embassy of russia . 
  im not sure but i think it is considered a slur, 
  i think what he meant is that the majority are ethnically more dutch then indonesian . 
  most people were white or mixed when they came back to the netherlands . 
  and the majority of the netherlands is ethnically white . 
  so there is a bigger chance your so will be white then not . 
  so we ( im mixed ) are kinda dissappearing . 
  or atleast visually . 
  this is fake , not true , totally fake !, 
  but they can not even say scheveningen, 
  we also have these kind of bridges at every side of the afsluitdijk . 
  hallo jumbo !, 
  but you , i assume , never killed someone . 
  he just did and then make threats . 
  personally i would take threats from a murderer a little more serious then from a person that had no history . 
  i think im getting greedy . 
  i also want that hamburg is ours . 
  but i think the delta from the elbe is already ours . 
  so instead only chinese people buying all baby formula in the stores , now also the british . 
  uk propaganda . . 
  should have planned my vacation better . 
  tuesday i came back and now i 'm sitting inside with rain . 
  i 'm pretty sure that conan is a man . 
  well im in zadar and im sweating my balls off this week . 
  rutte is 1,95 m, 
  a navy ship actually brought it over to london by going up the thames again . 
  make dutch great again !, 
  but a german navy batalion and i believe ships are going to intergrate under dutch command . 
  so it is just making both armed forces more effective in combat . 
  i thought us , uk and germany were our allies . 
  but they still spy and hack us . 
  mark rutte, 
  croatia is in the eu . 
  they do not use the euro but kuna . 
  1 euro to around 7 kuna . 
  nice weather , i know a few cities . 
  i only know this because in going to zadar this summer . 
  before i only knew croatia got screwed in the world cup brasil . 
  i liked it a lot . 
  i was around 15 and with my parents . 
  i 'm mixed dutch/indonesia . 
  and my grandparents lived their for half their lives .
