  what do you mean ? 
  you just got cv90s from us . 
  on defense department youtube chanel they upload frequently about new stuff , excericises , mission and new units . 
  this year they made a brigrade go from mechanized to motorized . 
  so no more cv90 ( they went to estonia ) but bushmasters and fenneks . 
  and you will hear the officer talk about the pros about this change . 
  but you can see in his face that he knows he is talking bullshit . 
  it was just budget cuts . 
  the same shit with the tanks . 
  killing people is wrong . 
  killing people based on their skincolour is wrong . 
  and im pretty sure if all white men were dead , the world she lives in would be fucked . 
  well i was kinda hoping for a ned-ger finale . 
  thank you germany for beating argentina ( fuck them ) and represent european football . 
  if i deny someone acces to my house and close the door . 
  is it my fault/responsibility when he/she try to gain acces through the roof and fell of it ? 
  the difference between the different states is just as big as between the countries in europe . 
  maby a little extreme . 
  but if a politician support ttip i see them as a traitor to the country and democracy itself, 
  maby belgium have a 12y old that is a prince then marry to the first daughter of willem alexander, 
  oldest airwayliner in the world, 
  or get all the gas and ditch groningen, 
  in my town we have dutch flags on the buildings on the mainroad because ww2 70 years ago . 
  and i like it . 
  this kinda bothers me to . 
  i think atleast the whole eu or even un should help financially and/or with resources like ships . 
  well morocco already has threat the netherlands by sending more moroccan people to the netherlands, 
  just rescue them , give them medical attention , food , water and put them on shore in africa, 
  or we should make land of westerschelde ? 
  more land and more profit for the harbor rotterdam . 
  biker groups maby ? 
  this , i dont think i can miss my biycles . 
  and i probably will be dead in a weak with my drivingstyle in the us . 
  driving through afghanistan is more relaxing then going through detroit . 
  we will bring some tulips with a high sercurity convoy, 
  is this a pr-thing ? 
  then our units should drive from netherlands to estland next time . 
  we should ask toll/maut to from trucks . 
  and reduce tax for our population . 
  since the biggest logistics companies are german and even own by german government . 
  or italy , 
  im pretty sure 0 % would not be bad for us . 
  let 's hope that this piece of machine will be better then the trains and helicopter we get from them . 
  atleast we can fix those dikes so we wont drown, 
  but then wallonia would be the better part of belgium, 
  i think the internet have a culture on there own . 
  as a dutch guy who loves to makes some land , this is a bad idea, 
  they are russians , not germans so no worry . 
  as a country we already had net neutrality since 2012 and now eu is going to screw it up . 
  last time i checked the netherlands and a few other countries are going to lose jobs and with very minimal grow of economy like 0,2 percent, 
  where is my 1000 euros ? 
  in afghanistan a dutch officer threated to pull back dutch f-16 from nato command and in the end they got the airsupport they needed . 
  we even trade with spain when they were our enemy . 
  well with belgium the nuclear plant was supposed to shut down in 2015 but they extended it to 2025 . 
  so now cities from the netherlands and germany are complaining . 
  i find it pretty disgusting to say that . 
  yes i would recommend everybody to visit war graves . 
  but for other reasons . 
  are these not just the harbor workers ? 
  high five !, 
  most moslims in the netherlands are from turkey and morocco . 
  most refugees were mixed so i would not call them indonesian . 
  for most of them dutch or indo is right . 
  only symbolic . 
  we only have 4 active jets and it is not like they dont have enough missions in iraq . 
  it mostly useful if a certain target cross the border so they can continue following the target . 
  after the us , great britain and france , the netherlands preformed the most missions . 
  well i guess if a county can produce enough energy , a few solar panels and windmills will boost the quato a lot since is probably is a percentage of the total energy used . 
  what ? 
  how did you reach that quota ? 
  dont you guys have a energy problem . 
  like having a nuclear station open that should have closed in 2015 but is gon na stay open for another 10 years . 
  so much space for activities, 
  get off the table !, 
  we coming to get you uk and ireland . 
  not very strange or new law . 
  dutch government did kinda the same to their own dutch citizens from former dutch-indies . 
  my grandparents fled because anything dutch or european or chinese was not very welcome in indonesia back then . 
  in the netherlands they had to give them all of their own money ( my parents had around 10.000 with them ) and the housing and food that they were giving you , you had to pay back . 
  it was around 15.000 dutch guilder . 
  that is around 6500 euro when we switch to the euro but 15.000 guilder was around average year salary back then . 
  and i know it is a different time know . 
  but imagine if we are giving every family a debt of 6500 euro or an average year of salary, 
  they know otherwise it would be in the news the second it happend . 
  a nice taste before we take the rest . 
  in high school just attending the lessons was good enough for me to get average to high grades . 
  i only had to do homework when they were going to check . 
  but now in college im pretty fucked . 
  im on mobiel but there is a better drawing of the netherlands . 
  this one is really off . 
  you can guess which one belongs to a certain region . 
  kinda looks like the second chamber of the netherlands, 
  or agriculture . 
  the raid on medway . 
  the english probably wont like it . 
  but the battle had a very important role in european history . 
  it was a attack to be a stronger party in the peace negotiations . 
  but not to hurt the english to much . 
  the british were needed against the frence who were becoming to powerfull . 
  reading the wikipage is already very excited .
