  it looks better than some student dorms in poland , 
  the wings were too expensive to wear during battle , yet they did n't mind wearing expensive wild cats ' hides ( lion 's , cheetah 's , etc. ) . 
  some people argue that hussars used wings to scare enemy 's horses by making terrible sound and indeed they did that , but to do so they used * proporczyk * ( sort of burgee/pennant ) attached to their lances . 
  when they charged it made terrible noise . 
  official statistics for poland [ half-year 2015 ] ( https://emn.gov.pl/ese/news/12957,migrations-to-poland-in-the-first-half-of-2015.html ) . 
  is it a lot ? 
  i 'm asking cause i have no idea how much they used to get before migration crisis . 
  do you happen to have statistics for eu countries ? 
  i know that polish border guard detains traffickers all the time in the east , but nobody is making big fuss out of it , i mean , literally , it never hits the news . 
  they do own a website . 
  oh , did n't know you are lurking here , chancellor merkel . 
  oh yeah sure . 
  polish healthcare is doing superbly since most of our doctors and nurses moved to the west . 
  it is not like there is a shortage of qualified staff and its going to get worse as even more graduates decide to emigrate . 
  you have to realise that capital surplus is not enough for a country to develop a sustainable model . 
  and yes , emigration is highly beneficial for poland and for polish families but in the long-run it can cause a lot of harm . 
  damn , it 's a good point . 
  and it really makes me sad :(, 
  lol , i must ask - how is that possible ? 
  it is called ** spring of nations ** and you thought germany was the only one ? 
  or did n't even make it to the chart ; _ ;, 
  nah , but there is an advertising campaign of vikings in poland . 
  some cast members visiting poland . 
  i guess they take their act seriously . 
  oh cmon , it works the same way as incentives system in companies . 
  there is nothing wrong with it . 
  yeah , i think waiters kinda relies on the tips here . 
  also if i have no cash i ask to add 10 % to my bill . 
  well , years back , before whole illegal immigration became media-paranoia , i have been in similar situation in france . 
  waiting on the airport for the plane , sitting face to face with some arabic-looking guys in their early 20 's . 
  the guards came , ignoring everybody and everything and asked them to come with them . 
  i do n't know if your statistical office collect and publish data about europe , but you can always check eurostat data . 
  [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6940166/2-14082015-ap-en.pdf/660ae7cb-bb7d-4905-a78f-64034b4b659b ) you go , no graphs though . 
  e : formatting, 
  not only service , polish sources ( namely a news agency owned by mon [ polish dod ] ) are reporting that bulgaria is interested in modernisation of their migs . 
  also if it was n't for this deal , bulgaria would be left with just 2 planes that are operational by mid-2016 . 
  i would love to know more about forest brothers , besides wiki . 
  could you recommend some documentaries or books ? 
  yes , and as i already mentioned , we probably will join ; however , it would be crazy to join now and follow the greece/spain/portugal path . 
  i think everyone in eu will benefit from not having poland in a recession/stagnation , right ? 
  i have no idea why so many people get angry when poles are being reasonable , for once at least . 
   and why could n't it be created when the prospect of $ adoption would be realistic and without someone monitoring the situation how could you tell that the moment is right ? 
  i 'm well aware that poland will join eurozone sooner or later because of political reasons rather than financial/economic . 
  still , i 'm fine with these expenses , perhaps it will allow us to minimize the damage . 
  nobody wants bacalhau . 
  it is a bit sensational . 
  some poles are supporting euro , and our ministry of finance is monitoring the situation , but right now the costs are higher than the profits that can be made of it , so why should we join ? 
  also , what szyd\u0142o ( probably our future pm ) says , imho , is just some sort of pork barreling . 
  what is truly silly and worries me is the idea of closing down the office responsible for poland adopting the euro . 
  i hope it wo n't happen , as this office might prove useful in the future . 
  care to explain ? 
  never heard of any of these great ideas . 
  if this situation reminds of something it is definitely not gitmo , my first thoughts were about gulag . 
  ffs , i am tired of that gibberish . 
  there are people living in central-eastern europe and maybe , just maybe , they want to feel fucking safe . 
  how can i find comfort in that nato will respond quickly and destroy russia 's forces if they have enough time to burn my house , destroy my city or hurt my family ? 
  also do you have any idea how our homeland will look like if it becomes a place where russian army will be stopped ? 
  i 'll help you - it 's going to be a wasteland . 
  oh and btw , russia is already antagonised , in late 80s and early 90s they lost their influence in the region ( at least some of it ) and as you can see they are not willing to give in ( chechenya , georgia , ukraine ) . 
  looks like i have heard wrong . 
  ok you convinced me , i ordered it in local library . 
  btw , thank you for this tread , got ta save it and watch these movies . 
  agreed . 
  i was watching it live yesterday and i was disappointed . 
  tbh , i am really curious what foreign languages duda speaks . 
  i was trying to find videos but there are literally none . 
  i only found photos where you can clearly see that he speaks with foreigners ( some nato diplomat ) . 
  maybe he believes that during public/official speeches it 's better to speak polish and trust interpreters . 
  btw , your president made great impression on me , cool bow tie . 
  sometime ago i was trying to find some videos of duda speaking in foreign language , but i found none , so you might be right . 
  i 'm no politician but i thought that these guys in order to avoid misstatements/errors prefer to get some help from interpreters . 
  during elections we were told that he speaks 4 languages . 
  anyways , the fact that he spoke polish does not mean he does n't know english . 
  all we can tell for sure from this video is that he spoke polish , the rest is just speculation . 
  damn , it is really hard to decide , but were i asked to name three favourite cities , i would say barcelona , budapest and porto . 
  i really loved swedish comedy : the 100 year old man who climbed out the window and disappeared ( hundra\u00e5ringen som klev ut genom f\u00f6nstret och f\u00f6rsvan ) , also i heard that book is pretty good , but i have n't read it yet . 
  that 's not true , whenever you do something right that poland fails to do , there is some kind of hype how much better you are . 
  it goes like : ` look at them , they did it even though they speak funny wannabe-language ' . 
  also i think slovakia looks amazing from babia gora . 
  that 's why belarus is so good at smuggling smokes . 
  thank you . 
  i only knew about jan palach and ryszard siwiec from that period of time . 
  honestly i can think of only 1 more person who self-immolated during communist regime [ walenty badylak ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/walenty_badylak ) in krak\u00f3w . 
  the source is in polish . 
  damn , not only their act is tragic but also that so many of them are forgotten . 
  well , i can confirm that poland is quite popular destination , but i think it applies to all central european countries . 
  found some statistics about poland , last year about 390 000 foreigners came for treatment [ ( source ) ] ( http://www.thenews.pl/1/12/artykul/200797,polands-medical-tourism-market-growing-10-pa ) . 
  he was pushing them away to make sure they ca n't put out the fire . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ryszardsiwiec.com/samospalenie_en.html ) you can read more about his deed and his life . 
  there was also one czech student , [ jan palach ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_palach ) who did the same few months later in prague . 
  it looks like passing the buck , but probably it is not yours fault . 
  i was wondering if you have some sort of data about immigrants , how many of them stays in macedonia , how many just passes through etc. 
  where do you transport them ? 
  i made a mistake of checking out the comments on youtube . 
  both , poles and ukrainians taunting at each other , jeez . 
  who cares ? 
  maybe the amber room . 
  well , it is very interesting , i hope we wo n't get disappointed . 
   it does n't costs as much as making sure that the current legislation actually works . 
  well , it is hard to estimate * ex ante * , there is also the cost of enforcing the ban , right ?
