do you think japan should change the direction they read ? 
   muslims are n't evenly spread in a country . 
  that does n't matter , right ? 
  if the question is asked to people spread evenly up and down each country , would n't the results average out ? 
  something 's gone wrong . 
  i 'm a british student at a british university . 
  i was just trying to say how it 's more expensive for rent . 
  my original point is kind of null though , because for all i know cost of living in russia is twice as high as britain . 
  university housing was n't available for me , so i went through third party accommodation . 
  it 's an 8 bedroom house with each room individually rented to different students . 
  however , most of the other accommodation options , even from the uni , were more expensive than my room . 
  1 room in a house of 8, 
  yeah , it 's more expensive for example in england . 
  my rent is # 500/mo, 
  meme meme = new meme ( `` oh you '' ) ; tojpg ( meme ) ;, 
  every time someone takes a british sentence and calls it australian ( especially in / r/europe ) , i shed a tear . 
  you can really see the inspiration for germany, 
  britain is a chihuahua ? 
  i feel sorry for the chihuahua ; that 's a lot of weight to carry . 
  british english is still the european one - get rid of the brackets , boy !, 
  yeah . 
  i think that 's them being over-protective of british english , as american english is , naturally , a lot more prominent . 
  i might be wrong . 
  well , there you go . 
  do you want a medal ? 
  cilim\u00e9adair is probably derived from kilometre anyway . 
  we 're using metric for most things . 
  it 's pretty much only distance that is imperial , but we use feet and inches for heights aswell . 
  math is correct in american english . 
  maths is correct in british english . 
  it 's not like rules matter in english anyway, 
  my eye is twitching uncontrollably, 
  implying english follows its rules, 
  do you take me as some kind of fool ? 
  i do, 
  mate its target audience is old people who do n't have anything interesting going on in their lives . 
  they need their gossip material . 
  then do n't generalise . 
  especially since you did n't include the metro bit in your comment . 
  i have seen nothing but advocates and `` positives '' for an eu exit . 
  you must live in scotland lol . 
  shit never realised daniel day lewis is british, 
  my german friend mocked our education system . 
  but it depends where in the uk you 're from really . 
  oh my bad , yeah i know about that, 
  it should be the manx sea, 
  not really taught anything here . 
  lol dream on, 
  scots is on there you bellend, 
  i think in england there is more of a mix . 
  scotland/north england say `` aye . '', 
  most people say `` yeah , '' in informal contexts, 
  in england it 's called a tut . 
  we shake our heads horizontally to say no and vertically to say yes . 
  at least the first one is enforced in the uk . 
  i remember a thing about it on the news . 
  more specifically , greater london . 
  i live in essex and there are barely any chavs where i am . 
  towie should be renamed towigl, 
  i 've got a stiffie !, 
   but hey , there is a new star on the us flag waiting for you . 
  i think people would like that less than the eu . 
  only mashmysmash speaks in embellishments, 
   i will accept thorsmork for those who dont have the right keyboard everyone, 
  on uk keyboards at least , its to the right of the space bar . 
  or do you mean ctrl + alt ? 
  i have n't found it either which is why i use alt gr, 
  or ctrl + alt, 
  me too . 
  you know a fair bit of the uk shares this trait . 
  the cultural northern europe , which excludes the uk and ireland, 
  the stuff i got from my dealer :\\ ^ ), 
  i 've been wearing 2 pairs of jeans from primark for a year , they have held up well, 
  * shudder *, 
  that might be the case where you live , but where i live it is n't . 
  iceland, 
  i thought the criteria for becoming a city in the uk was either to have a cathedral , a university or both . 
  that may be why, 
  west of the uralic mountains, 
  still america !, 
  it 's because the name has c and z next to each other, 
  i would say bad teeth is still accurate . 
  but that might just be where i 'm from, 
  yuck , i 've never seen that, 
  i do n't follow, 
  pedant, 
  no , but they referred to american independence as an inspiration , that does n't mean they did the same thing . 
  i wish i could think of a better metaphor . 
  i was never taught it in school . 
  everything i know comes from american tv programmes , and as such do n't have much grounds for an opinion . 
  blues was inspired by jazz but it 's not jazz, 
  i live at 52 \u00b0 n. 
  i really do n't mind the changes on a superficial level , but i get very depressed in winter . 
  we play at least some bastardised form of p\u00e9tanque here too , in my area at least . 
  we call it boules, 
  usually once a year , my family and family friends get together and have a massive game of cricket . 
  we live near the beach , and we have an old metal `` boules '' set which we always play as well . 
  they usually come like [ this ] ( http://ep.yimg.com/ay/petanqueamerica/mini-petanque-set-6-boules-8.gif ) . 
  the almost is a nice addition, 
  more of a cultural standpoint,
