  and we probably would have defaulted ( for the sixth time that is , after 1826 , 1843 , 1860 , 1894 and 1932 ) . 
   vital public services ... that also includes pensions , unemployment benefits , health care etc etc ... not really the point . 
  do n't get me wrong , the public sector in greece needs to be reduced and reformed . 
  looks like someone spend holiday time in greece, 
   most recently , in 2012 , he describes himself as an analyst at a zurich based investment bank . 
  ... yeah ... that would explain allot, 
  looks like the germans reached moscow after all ... 
  at least in spain they charge them with something ... 
  i can speak german so i 'm cool ... i was just saying that this is an old concept ... no one thinks about or mentions the `` megali idea '' anymore ( maybe some retarded nationalists - we got plenty on both sides i believe ) . 
  i was just wondering . 
  what do you people think of us ? 
  i mean do you believe that we want land or to invade you or whatever ? 
  are we perceived as a potential threat ? 
  i never said that i voted for the right guy . 
  i also never claimed i always made the right decision . 
  mostly i have voted blank , but a few times , syriza , oikologoi prasinoi and this time antarsya . 
  never pasok and/or nea dimokratia . 
  i agree that the majority voted for those two parties , that fucked everything up , for their own petty and selfish reasons or simply because voting for x party is family tradition . 
  this does n't include everyone . 
  i believe that our problem ( ... well at least one of them ) as a nation is that we think that our obligations and our part in the democratic process starts and ends with a vote every 4 years ( ... correction . 
  every time the opposition feels strong enough to win the elections - another global innovation for the greeks ) . 
  we have that `` well we voted you in ... now do some shit and do n't bother us '' attitude . 
  we do n't participate . 
   the only antidote to this i can think of , is to cultivate critical thinking in our education system . 
  good luck with that . 
   megali idea ? 
  dude , this is so 1920 ... 
  what if i never voted for them ? 
  and by the way ... wo in griechenland ? 
  this is genious !!!!, 
  working on the translation , 
  i did ... right now i 'm at a beach spending your tax-money on ouzo and bitches ... thanks mate, 
  well do n't believe it . 
  i do n't know the actual % but it sure as hell ai n't 99 % . 
  even if it was so , the system is made in such way , where a guy like you described would never bother to get into politics . 
  politics in greece means corruption , you ca n't survive or rise through the ranks without that . 
  first of all the mass media would chew him or her up and i don ; t think i need to explain why ( but if i need to , just let me know ) . 
  it 's been like that for years and it ai n't going to change , unless we get some help from the rest of europe ( and i do n't mean money by that ) . 
   all you need is one honest , realistic and reasonably charimatic leader to form a popular movement that is neither corrupt nor sugarcoating reality . 
  good luck finding one, 
  if the guy lives in athens , do n't pay attention ... this city does strange things to people ... if not ... well he 's just having a bad day ... add to that the comments in here and ... well ... just do n't pay attention , we ( i at least ) still like you people, 
  yes europe fell for our evil - and a bit too simple i must add - plan to take all your money away ... you seriously think that nobody noticed anything ? 
  that people took the cooked books , looked at them , did n't say shit - because who would do such a thing like cooking books ??? 
  - and then said `` welcome to the eurozone '' ??? 
  first of all ... fuck you . 
  you talk like 11 million people collectively wrote reports with forged data . 
  what kind of an idiot thinks like that ? 
  and secondly ... someone looked at this reports . 
  nobody checked ? 
  nobody made questions ? 
  nobody tried to add the numbers ? 
  nobody saw something was wrong and/or missing ? 
  nobody made objections ? 
  what was the reason i wonder ... 
  when did i say that ?? 
  i did said i was fucking/joking around ... but joking aside ? 
  we could use some german/scandinavian government efficiency, 
   apparently greece as a country and a debtor nation is something completely different than the greek people which have absolutely nothing to do with anything done in their name . 
  that is so true ... we do n't trust the state , we do n't want to have anything to do with the state . 
  there are many reasons for that . 
  one is that we had for too long puppet regimes ( thank you my american friends for that ) , that never looked after the interests of the people ( something that goes on till today ) . 
  look all im saying is that the greek problem is a complex one , it needs time and effort ( mostly on our part that is ) and that you can not judge us in western european terms ( i don ; t know if i get my point across here ) . 
  this is the balkans . 
  everything here is a major political , economical , cultural , racial clusterfuck . 
  it always was like that , it is like that and - i hope i 'm wrong on that - unfortunately will be like that . 
  please my northern friend ... tell me ... how exactly do you suffer because of greece right now ?? 
   the myth that greeks on the whole are lazy and mindless has been dispelled . 
  - thank you that was my point . 
  as for the failed governance and corruption , i never said anything about that , i was reffering as to how some people see us and how wrong that perception is . 
  there is n't really anything you can tell me about corruption . 
  i live here . 
  i know . 
  i have countless stories to tell . 
  and i do want things to change . 
  and i do believe that certain meassures are necessery . 
  the problem with most measures is that the people who are getting fucked by them , are the same who used to be decent ( and still are ) hard working people who did n't evade taxes or took advantage of their position in the public sector or knew somebody in high office or or or ... the eu is trying to do business with the same people who brought us here and are corrupt as hell . 
  that 's my only objection . 
  i do n't say that this is n't true ... for fucks sake , i live here , i know what 's going on ... but the article talks about businesses , not individuals . 
  for example i an individual , a simple employee , a fucking nobody , ca n't do that . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i do n't say that we did n't fucked up . 
  the problem with most measures is that the people who are getting fucked by them , are the same who used to be decent ( and still are ) hard working people who did n't evade taxes or took advantage of their position in the public sector or knew somebody in high office or or or ... the eu is trying to do business with the same people who brought us here and are corrupt as hell . 
  that 's my only objection . 
   i also believe that greece has shown man ... please do n't over-generalize like that . 
  you do realize that you talk about 11 million people here ... 
  i like it how some people on / r/europe think that there is some non-stop party going on in greece , where we drink and dance everyday till the first morning hours and then we do n't even show up at work because fuck it `` live your myth in greece '' , or how some people make it sound like we greeks have all that eu-money in our hands but refuse to give it back to our european partners because once again fuck it `` live your myth in greece '' , or that tax evasion is a simple as flipping off the tax-man when he shows up or even better invite him for a drink ( ouzo preferably ) because , yes you guessed right , fuck it `` live your myth in greece '' ... 
  thank you sir ... 
  i was born and raised in germany ( krefeld ) and i used to visit frequently ... of course i do n't believe you 're nazis ... just fucking around ps : ... i would n't mind a few islands being run by germans , cause you might actually get what you paid for, 
  i did used a british accent in my head ... 
  looking again for lebensraum are n't we ? 
  so nobody evades taxes in sweden huh ? 
  because i took all the loan money and spend it on bullshit and now i do n't want to pay it back and ask for more cause i am too lazy to work ... is n't that the reason why i should tell you ? 
  so ... how exactly did this happened ? 
  first of all sorry about my comments above . 
  i just got sick of the `` let 's fuck with greeks '' sentiment that goes around / r/europe lately ( i 'm not even going to comment on the / r/worldnews sentiment ) . 
  the whole situation is not just about the name . 
  personally i do n't care how they want to name themselves . 
  the problem really is that they say that macedonia has nothing to do with greece ( i 'm not going to point out how stupid that is ) , and thus claim that the greek part of macedonia , is occupied by greece . 
  as pointed out by the user oftenstupid in one of his comments :  `` that is a very very perilous issue , especially in the balkans that have had massive issues with forced migrations , minority populations and land claims that arose from exactly such circumstances . 
  the main concern is that the appropriation of history in 2000 might lead to an appropriation of land further down the line . '',
