  it is unrealistic . 
  but not everybody is going to vote for him because he promises that ( which btw he does n't ) . 
  do you actually live here ? 
  i mean i wo n't vote for the guy , but to use that kind of wording ... seems a bit arrogant if you ask me, 
  ... yeah , but how much `` outside '' is it really ? 
  in the sence that the result of the greek elections will or might have some impact on the rest of europe ( big or small , does n't matter really ) . 
  i was that person :p ... golden dawn is a fascist party and spain having their fair share of fascism would sound like a voice of reason . 
  i 'm just trying to explain why no one would say anything and why people react now . 
  but again , free speech should be limitless . 
  of course my opinion is that `` with great power comes great responsibility '' to quote spiderman :p, 
  great point ... free speech is free speech ... but it still sounds a bit immoral to me ... or not ? 
  looks like these people know nothing about greek mentality ... this is really going to backfire in their faces, 
  if olives do n't work we can always switch to wooden horses ... 
  tickets.now !, 
  let 's arrange a fight or something then ... i mean i guess they both see themselves as superior ... let them sort it out, 
  the funny thing is that i thought it was annoying ... 
  you ca n't beat 400 years of ottoman rule that easy, 
  [ there you go ] ( http://www.out.gr/modules/freedrive/user_folders/palaiologos/prassa%20gyros.jpg ) by the way ... the picture you posted above must be some tourist-athenian-bullshit-too small portion for a meal gyros ... make your orders from the north of greece, 
  https://fbcdn_sphotos_b-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/538160_231140410337856_1654665631_n.jpg caption : fierce manhunt from door to door to arrest kasidiaris, 
  he should tell us how much he needs and i 'll write him a check just to shut him up, 
  einai baris o rizospastis mi nomizeis ... ( i apologize to those who do n't understand greek but the translation would make little or no sence ), 
  a fine young woman in new york called me a `` sexy nerd '' cause after we had sex i was surfing on reddit ... 
  why neo-communist ? 
  they say the same things for tha last 70 + years ... 
  ai n't we some fun neighbors ? 
  yeah i had the discussion with a friend today ... we agreed that it would look very funny if this would happen in some other country ... so enjoy our show europe, 
  lack of ( good ) fellatio for a significant amount of time ? 
  i could learn ( grandma is the best cook alive  ), 
  fuck that ... hey / r/europe ... is there anyone willing to adopt a 32 year old greek male ? 
  i 'm from greece so i know exactly what you mean , 
  must be fun to watch the debates ... 
  you are actually thinking this was serious ? 
  so you say it 's better for him to look ignorant then weak ? 
  so ... is there a correlation between sunshine and the economy ? 
  also what is that yellow spot doing right in the middle of sweden ? 
  let me guess ... mom had `` fun '' during her summer vacations in greece ? 
  i would n't call it bad ... more like reckless . 
  the way people drive here , you have to be good otherwise you 're fucked . 
  i can avoid taxes at no personal cost :d, 
  i said it as a joke ... but sadly there is a portion of the population that feels that way ... 
   if the money would not be free but with interest etc , then frankly speaking what is wrong with the loans the european central bank is giving ? 
  well greeks would do that just to piss in every europeans morning coffee ... 
  this ... maybe i was n't as harsh with syriza as with the other parties and that gave the impression that i would vote for them . 
  i saw tsipras and his party getting allot of coverage here in / r/europe so i thought there was some more info on that party then for the others . 
  personally i 'm between voting for the greens ( who have a good chance of breaking the 3 % barrier and enter the parliament ) or the pirate party . 
  i 'm not trying to justify anything , just to put some things into perspective, 
  that is true ... people yes . 
  candidates no . 
   what stops the greeks from voting for candidates who want to do all this ? 
  there is no candidate like that . 
  as stated by [ ouagadou ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/ouagadou ) above :  so really , it 's a chicken and egg problem , it wo n't be fixed because the more honest people do n't want to get into rotten politics and the state machine anyway there is truth in that ( at least to those greeks who do want things to change and do acknowledge our part in that mess ) . 
  the media would chew him up . 
  corporations like siemens would chew him up ( bribing is always easier than negotiating ) . 
  and keep in mind that greece was a protectorate/client state of britain and then the us . 
  you can not really trust your democracy when you know that national policies are actually dictated from abroad ( and are usually not in the nations interest ) . 
  as for voting under these circumstances take a look at this : [ italian general election , 1948 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_general_election,_1948#superpower_influence ) ... and i quote :  the cia 's practice of influencing the political situation was repeated in every italian election ** for at least the next 24 years . 
  ** or this : [ greek military junta of 1967 -- 1974 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_junta#a_.22generals.27_coup.22 ) . 
  there are many more examples of foreign powers intervening in greece . 
  there where dictatorships , monarchy was abolished and reinstated 3 times before it was officially abolished in 1974 , rigged elections , scandals covered by the elite or the foreign powers etc etc ... with all that happening , how long do you think it takes the general public not to give a fuck and just look after it 's own individual ass ? 
   instead you are voting for somebody who wants to perpetuate the inefficient public sector and thinks he can call eu 's bluff by threatening to default on loans . 
  i guess you are referring to tsipras and the party he leads syriza . 
  well the other option is the 2 parties ( nea dimokratia ( right-centrists ) and pasok ( left-centrists ) ) that where in power since 1974 . 
  those are the parties that brought us here and are more keen to keep the status quo . 
  the leader of nea dimokratia by the way is a paranoid asshole , who would do anything to get to the prime ministers seat . 
  to understand his paranoia : he expelled dora bakoyianni from his party because she voted yes to the austerity measures when the party 's position was no . 
  he then expelled 21 mp 's of his party because they voted no to the austerity measures because the party 's posistion changed to yes . 
  dora bakoyianni vent on to form her own party with people from nea dimokratia who voted no to the austerity measures while her party says yes . 
  and now dora bakoyianni is back in the ranks of nea dimokratia ( !!! ) . 
  other options include the communist party ( who think stalin as a father figure and a cool guy ) or golden dawn who are nazis ( nothing to comment here ) ... and both of those parties made it to the parliament so they can party like it 's 1941 . 
  independent greeks are right-wingers who broke ranks from nea dimokratia . 
  the right in greece was always very keen to suck on that british or american tit in exchange for power and loans . 
  and then there is zyriza who ... well i do n't know ... i do n't think they know themselves what they are about and what they want . 
  they are a coalition of smaller parties that range from ecologist to hard core communists ( !!! ) . 
  i really don ; t know how they keep it together . 
  2 libertarian parties drasi ( action ) and dimiourgia ksana ( creation again ) formed a coalition to boost their % and seem like a reasonable option ... but before they formed the coalition the second party demanded from the first that the coalition would start only after drasi would drop it 's coalition with another party named fileleftheri simahia ( liberal alliance ) because the leader of that party is openly gay ( !!! ) . 
  so there you have it . 
  those are my major options . 
  any suggestions ? 
  is that why the fucking thing is n't working like it was supposed to ? 
   which is why they have to be kept on a tight leash . 
  really ? 
  and who 's to determine who is going to be kept on a leash ? 
  and who 's to determine the one who 's holding the leash ? 
  ... you might want to rephrase/reword that part, 
  but why do n't you trust us ? 
  we 're nice people ... here , take this wooden horse as a gift and a sign of good will ... 
  well i was born there and grew up there , so ... 
  well ... if we turn it upside down ... we 're doing great ... 
  tired of being depressed ... 
  i had a long reply ... but the flag next to your username keeps reminding me that it would be pointless ... 
   wearing socks & sandals ... that always cracks me up . 
  btw what would your favorite islands be ? 
  http://www.anagnosis.gr/index.php?pageid=230&amp;la=eng & http://johnhelmer.net/?p=78 ... just a couple, 
  you might wan na add greece to great britain ... 
  it 's not you , it ` syour government and the cia ... 
  yeah ... well maybe our values include not seeing people as enemies, 
   extreme lengths to prevent this from happening . 
  `` extreme lengths '' as in ... ? 
  we would have been much sooner ( mid 80s or 90s ) since our governments only knew one solution : borrowing . 
  ( i read somewhere that we still pay loans from 1887 ) .
