italy is the only euro country that has seen its gdp decrease under the euro in real terms , even greece grew . 
  there are plenty of reasons why the euro is a bad fit for italy , and why its the lead candidate to leave . 
  a perfect storm awaits the euro in italy , a unpopular government a anti-establishment party leading the polls pledging to hold a euro referendum , a banking crisis which continues to roll on with the ecb seen as forcing losses on savers . 
  maybe , but also the increase in renewables https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/renewable_energy_in_the_united_kingdom#/media/file:uk_renewables_installed_capacity.png & & https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/renewable_energy_in_the_united_kingdom#/media/file:uk_renewables_generated.png a cursory glance at the wiki and [ newspapers ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/dec/22/uk-hits-clean-energy-milestone-50-of-electricity-from-low-carbon-sources ) show the uk ( despite everything ) is making strides to reducing and eliminating pollutants . 
  ( it also probably helps the uk is the best suited country in the eu to take advantage of renewables ), 
  according to bbc shots fired in other parts of the city . 
  i know it 's early , but i wonder if germany will light up for this one or stay dark like the st petersburg attack . 
  of course , i believe most of the population understands immigration is required , but it is a bit of a sausage question . 
  no one wants to stand up for immigration because its hard and unpopular . 
  the position of `` immigration is good , but less and more targeted '' is a popular slogan most people can get behind . 
  in the written report to cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood , an official wrote : `` despite attending the initial cross-whitehall meeting , the home office have n't really engaged with this work at all -- i assume because they do not think the home secretary [ may ] will agree to it . 
  wow , the independent and businessinsider are really clutching here . 
  not only did theresa not sabotage a plan , there was no plan put to her and it does n't even seem like a official plan was put to the home office . 
  seems more like a cross department meeting people spitballed ideas for and popular ideas moved forward while unpopular and useless ones were scrapped . 
  i 'm just going to point out , that people have tried to say immigration is good , tony , osborne , cameron etc. 
  problem is , its a hard sell . 
  and people have already made up their minds usually by directly witnessing the negative effects of immigration and words out a politicians mouth are worth less than a tuppence . 
  problem is , beppe might have been the tinder , but the ones who will actually run for office are competent . 
  they 're charismatic , smart and already hold office for 5 or more years . 
  alessandro di battista the next likely pm is everything italians vote for . 
  europes problem is , unlike america which has incompetence in the oval , the m5s party is organised and already playing politics . 
  beppe wo n't and ca n't be in any official position of power , but his capable and charismatic deputies can and are . 
  plus the unique situation of italy being the only euro country that has seen a real terms contraction in gdp plays bad for europe as a whole . 
  france wo n't . 
  but italy might . 
  while the spotlight is on germany ( nothing unsurprising there , it 'll be another grand coalition ) , or france ( le penn will make the 2nd round but lose ) , it 's italy where beppe 's m5s is leading the polls , and bunga bunga silvio 's party is polling in 3rd place . 
  both euro sceptic , and will likely trigger a referendum on using the euro . 
  thats the real worry , le penn is n't ( probably ) going to win , but m5s is . 
  shit in my porridge . 
  well , only the commission has the power to introduce new laws , so he 's somewhat correct . 
  oh god , that strasbourg parliament fiasco is one of the reasons i 'm glad to be leaving . 
  do n't get me wrong , many , many good things with the eu . 
  but its the clear inability to resolve and fix the underlying problems that make it infuriating . 
  there have been no statements , it 's one old retired politician who was asked a hypothetical by a reporter and instead of saying `` spain would never do that '' instead answered the hypothetical with a realistic response `` yes , of course if spain ever initiated military action , the uk would respond '' . 
  and from there it has been blown all out of proportion by both sides , and even more newspapers and articles have been written about it , because with a ) people are using it to their advantage or b ) it sells . 
  if you want the correct response , the official line , theresa mays one is correct , laugh it off . 
  there already is a border . 
  there is no customs union between gibraltar and the eu as it is . 
  you can not stop trade , you can stop the movement of people , but when spanish citizens work in gibraltar and gibraltatarians live in spain and spend money in the southern parts of spain , it would be somewhat against spains interests to do so . 
  * sigh * it is a european law , and thus the only court with the competency to make such a ruling is the european court of justice . 
  problem is the european court of justice does not hold hearings on hypotheticals . 
  in order for a case to be made the u.k. has to withdraw its notice of article 50 , and then it can be heard in the european court of justice . 
  i 'm just going to point out , ( as other spanish politicians have already ) that in a worse case scenario , the border situation is n't going to change much to any . 
  gibraltar does n't have a customs union with the eu now , and wo n't after brexit . 
  and considering gibraltar is a boon for both spanish workers who work in gibraltar , and people moving across the border to spend in spain , i doubt the spanish government is going to enforce any sort of hard border wall blocking movement of people . 
  but , the uk has no say over the tax status of gibraltar , in fact westminster has say over foreign policy and defence only . 
  the territory is self-governing in all aspects except those . 
  well , the italian banks were already in crisis mode , before brexit . 
  oh , never underestimate french politics . 
  to do so is folly . 
  exactly , real terms when measured in the host stock exchange amount , the lse ( due to the way it is measured in pounds ) lost far far more than any other exchange . 
  other fared better . 
  any event will move markets , brexit was a large event and it was only natural for every market to move lower , because it was unexpected . 
  same for le penn election , except the uk might move in the opposite direction upwards ( but who the fuck knows ) . 
  if lee penn wins , and this is a massive fucking if , because the nature of the french system is essentially built to elect centrist presidents , but if it is correct , then expect a massive plunge in the financial markets the next day . 
  i would argue that it would almost decimate the euro . 
  brexit was always a close thing , but polls showed remain would just edge it . 
  le penn is nowhere in the 2nd round , if she wins it send shockwaves through the euro , and thus the entire eurozone . 
  better or worse , brexit was contained mostly to the uk and the lse . 
  it would cause investors to pull money from already risky countries , and the balance of payments will see target2 being hammered as investors move their cash to german banks . 
  brexit is bad , french exit of the euro to franc is multitudes worse , same with italy . 
  agent corbyn , putins secret agent . 
  got to say , need feeling it . 
  people are on the whole tired , there were elections in 2010,2011,2015,2016 and referendums in 2014,2016 . 
  and its not just the voting either , it 's the earpiss of campaigning for the elections or the referendum . 
  almost everyone i know doesnt want one , not now . 
  considering we now have to listen to brexit earpiss for 2 years , i do n't think i can handle indyref2 earpiss alongside it . 
  i did n't really get why there was so much negativity to begin with . 
  europe has always been a massive influence on british culture , politics , economy and even during the bad times , such as war or intense disagreements we patched things up and we are now closer than ever before . 
  there is much jest over the uk-usa special relationship , but its really the uk-eu , we tried to fit in , but we just have a different history . 
  we 've been graced by not having a dictator , or hostile invasion control our lives in the past millennium . 
  the eu was n't for us , we tried it but we never embraced it , not our cup of tea . 
  i want to be able to trade , visit , and even move to other eu countries and i want the same for you guys if you still want to . 
  just , without all the politics . 
  so can we just agree the eu was n't right for the uk and the uk was n't right for the eu and move past this difficult juncture and work on things we both want . 
  such as a science co-working and space exploration and the other good things that nations working together can achieve ( like the lhc ) for the good of all . 
  so , what about portugal ? 
  what about belgium ? 
  most countries are surrounded to a degree by other countries . 
  its just heading off the end of a unbuilt bridge . 
  the cartoon can be read anyway you want , depending on your views . 
  pro-eu = finally gotten rid of the carriage who put the brakes on eu integration . 
  neutral-eu = they do n't like being a part of a train which they felt they had no control over and are free to get out and push in their own direction . 
  anti-eu = the bridge is unbuilt \\ built on shaky foundations , we 're getting off before it heads over the cliff . 
  see the problem is , that the eu is n't sorting out the fundamental problems that exist , instead adding and expanding rather than taking a long hard look at its own flaws . 
  nato is effective because nation states can join or leave and know what is expected . 
  it is not giving up control of their armed forces , but essentially signing a promise to defend each other if something was to happen . 
  i ca n't see that happening in the eu . 
  there are states which are neutral , and will so the protectional aspect is moot . 
  how can you call it a eu army which does n't fight for all of europe ? 
  this is my fundamental problem with the creation of the eu army , be it a eu army where the forces are trained , organised and budgeted under eu control , or a nato style agreement where nation states pledge their forces into a unified command structure . 
  it ca n't work without treaty change , and thats not going to happen anytime soon , and even then you have states which can not adhere to the notion of a eu army . 
  so you 're left with something like the euro where some countries use it , others do n't . 
  and thus you now have ever more dividing factors . 
  the eu is not a federalised system , like america , nor a single sovereign state made up of countries joined by a union , such as the uk . 
  and i come back to my main point , fix the underlying issues first , and then go about building more features . 
  at the moment , all i see is a group of countries with individual desires and interests competing against each other and the world for influence , money , investment . 
  a currency union is n't enough to hold it together , there has to be a fiscal union too , a transfer of money , so when one area does well money flows outwards . 
  a true sense of `` we 're all in this together '' rather than loans or refinancing . 
  long rant , but essentially , europe has shaken foundations , and keep adding and the bigger it gets , the harder it is to fix the foundations until it eventually collapses .
