  yes it is common for mp 's to vote against the party . 
  there are levels of required voting , but you do n't go against a three line whip unless you are ok at being kicked out of the party ( whip withdrawn ) . 
  its not unusual , but some votes are non-negotiable . 
  the issue is more to do with wiggle room , theresa may wanted a large majority so she could do what the majority of the conservative mp 's wanted , rather than be beholden to the extreme views on brexit from pro/anti eu . 
  it annoys me that the snp use this excuse for every chuffing reason . 
  it has been a devolved matter for 10 years . 
  even if they only received the same funding as english schools ( which they do n't , they get more ) , they 're still underperforming the english schools by a significant margin . 
  no i think so long as he has increase the labour vote share ( previous 30.9 % ) he will use that as the mandate to stay on . 
  i would like to be proven wrong , but i think that is what will happen . 
  it was simply a quip . 
  / u/serfraust was talking about better schools , and you said you 're voting for snp for the same reason , but the snp have been pretty dire on the issue of schools in scotland recently . 
  scottish school rankings have [ plummeted internationally ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/a882a032-4213-11e7-9d56-25f963e998b2 ) ( google `` scots voter disillusion as gloss comes off the snp '' to bypass paywall ), 
  well then the better schools is a bit of a push then is n't it ? 
  well thats partly down to corbyns tactics . 
  he has been holding massive rallies in labour safe seats . 
  while theresa may has spent 50 % of her time in labour seats . 
  you play the system , and corbyn is going to the popular vote to stay on as leader , while theresa is playing the seat game . 
  they 're not that bad . 
  they 're written off 30 years after you 've finished university ( or die or become disabled ) you only pay back 9 % over 21k ( # 9.9 a hour ) . 
  ( # 7pm at 22k , # 30pm at 25k , # 67pm at 30k ) because it is an investment , university leavers are more likely to obtain a higher wage and better prospects over their lifetime . 
  so , taking your example . 
  you 'll hit the ( if its after 2012 ) 25 year limit , lets say in the first 5 years of your career , you 'll earn a average salary of # 28k of which the taxman claims # 3150 over the course of the 5 years ( # 630 pa ) . 
  lets say you get a significant boost , and for the next 20 years you earn a average wage of # 50,000 , of that the taxman gets # 2610 pa , equating to # 52,200 over the course of 20 years . 
  in total you 'll have paid a little over # 55k in tax , ( estimating # 28k income for first 5 years , and # 50k for the next 20 years ) . 
  now the remaining balance if you had any is wiped . 
  i find that incredibly fair , if you do n't meet the limit you do n't repay anything , and you only repay a fraction of what you earn over the 21k limit , and it is wiped out after 25 years ( some at 25 years , others 30 years , others 35 ) . 
  it is one of the most generous loans you 'll receive . 
  saving this for later https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3qzomejpao, 
  french politics , never boring and always some form of scandal around the corner . 
  link to best comment from / r/ukpolitics [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/6dmo55/in_a_unanimous_decision_the_court_of_appeal_has/di3v5tz/ ) but essentially , its only the process that the court is ruling on , not the outcome . 
  essentially , that the government did n't do due diligence and rubber-stamped a decision . 
  they can simply ( to get around the case ) look at the evidence and go , `` yeah , we reviewed the evidence , no . '', 
  and they 're legally sorted . 
  i can guarantee you , if/when there is a independence referendum , no one is going to be advocating for joining the euro . 
  we 're not , we 're arguing about the text of it . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/uk-blocks-eu-military-unit-in-wording-spat/ ) we 're against the wording of it , and we 're not the only country . 
  we 've already agreed to setting up the mpcc unit . 
  we 're not blocking the eu military hq , there is no existing plan to create a eu military hq to block , this block is about calling the mpcc unit base a `` operational hq , '' for the training missions in somalia , mali and central african republic . 
  i 've heard talks about turning it into a university , financed by the eu budget . 
  i would argue turning it into a eu defence hq would be too decisive and mean significant obstacles . 
  a european university , `` crafting the minds of europeans for a stronger and unified europe . '', 
  would be more successful and a good use of the building . 
  but , any change requires a treaty change , and no one wants to touch that with a barge pole . 
  problem macron has , is people did n't vote for him , they voted against le penn. 
  his support is only a few % points above le penn. 
  taking any sort of comfort in this by the pro-europeans is woefully short sighted . 
  ohhh errrr , something spicy to throw uncertainty into the result . 
  where have we seen these tactics before i wonder . 
  nope . 
  it is part of the lisbon treaty one of the official eu languages . 
  got to change the treaty to get rid of it . 
  and no one wants to do a treaty change for the big issues , let alone such a minor issue like this . 
  in reality , there was going to be little to no discussion before the french elections , and the german vote will return a grand coalition again , so may took the time to secure a larger majority and secure her position on brexit . 
  a weak uk government with a slim majority would not be able to negotiate unhindered , either pro-eu mp 's or anti-eu mp 's could force her hand one way or the other leading to at best a conflicted and weak position , and at worse a collapse of the government . 
  getting the election over before proper negotiations start allows her to ignore the fringe anti/pro . 
  it was a sensible option , given the position she was in . 
  well tony , it is partly your fucking fault . 
  maybe if you followed through on your [ promise ] ( http://www.channel4.com/news/articles/politics/domestic_politics/factcheck+did+blair+promise+euro+referendum/558277.html ) on the vote in 2004 and 2005 when the going was good the question may have been settled ( or at the least not erupted into what it was ) . 
  i am now just tired of blair . 
  you had your shot , and your legacy ( which was on the whole successful ) ruined by perception of the war in iraq . 
  anything you touch now is tainted and you should have the good grace to accept it . 
  government in france is appointed by the pm , which is appointed by the president , but the pm has to control a majority in the assembly . 
  except , no one in northern ireland ( other than sinn fein of course ) is talking about reunification , even those who support a united ireland are saying its too soon . 
  scottish independence is far more likely , but again , polls consistently show no winning , with even more support to not hold a referendum ( aka , yes voters believe it is too soon/not the time ) . 
  the u in uk will continue to stand for what it means in the near future , there simply is n't the desire in the public in the relevant countries to do otherwise . 
  but , they 've not done that ? 
  point to a outlandish offer that the government has made . 
  all i 've heard is , no freedom of movement and no single market access . 
  i should be clearer , movement for me means tourism and visits upto x amount of days , not settlement or work rights . 
  but i do n't know why technology should be restricted , especially considering the recent china and eu space news recently , and cern that is a international effort . 
  i hate these types of diagrams . 
  make it actually useful and put the % in there . 
  literally nothing new . 
  theresa has already said no single market , no free movement of people . 
  now i hope a ` reset ' in the uk and eu relationship will be better in the long run for both countries . 
  ideally i want from brexit , agreement on existing eu \\ uk nationals in each others countries the same rights as they currently have . 
  a free trade agreement such as other countries have , such as mexico , south korea , eta . 
  easy movement of people ( visa free ) across the uk \\ eu . 
  continued intelligence sharing , across the block . 
  continued access to eu science , space and technological innovations . 
  as you do n't need to be a eu member to partake in existing programs , ( nor should boarders hinder progress for the betterment of mankind , be it cern or space exploration or fights against diseases ) there are plenty of good eu programs that i would love to continue on after brexit and do n't mind paying for . 
  why ? 
  labour have already given may the political cover by saying that corbyn also wo n't appear in the debates either if may does n't turn up . 
  i mean , she 's no david cameron , and with the way the labour team are going , she does n't need to attack corbyn , he 's going to kick his own head in ( as shown ) . 
  in the end , no one is going to make their minds up based on tv debates or lack of them . 
  i do however applaud the armchair activists who sign these stupid petitions instead of getting out and doing actual activist things . 
  makes it much easier to get around town without the demonstrations . 
  next week : `` students who do n't find trans people attractive may be guilty of hate crimes '', 
  biggest problem is , whoever is the president is going to have a shit time . 
  the national assembly elections are a month after the presidential elections , and while the president `` picks '' a prime minister , that pm has to command a majority/working majority in the assembly . 
  baring any fuckups , macron will win the presidential election , but the problem is , he started his party a few months ago , never ran for election or assembly . 
  the problem is , while the socalist and nationalist may endorse macron for the president , they 're going to fight tooth and nail in the assembly elections . 
  they already trade seats and enter pacts to keep fn out of the assembly , and so can easily do the same against macrons party to ensure that while the president is a outsider , the assembly is made up of the usual suspects . 
  and that 's going to be a problem for macron/penn , a legislative body which is not their own . 
  macron is also not helping his cause by saying `` hey , existing mps come join my `` movement '' but you have no guarantee of being selected to run for your seat in the june elections '' . 
  it is a headache of massive proportions for france now , if the assembly is made up of the usual suspects then i ca n't see any real progress that macron wants , the two parties will simply bide their time . 
  oh , counting thee chickens before thee hatch . 
  i ca n't think of any other referendum or election where what should have happened did n't happen . 
  there are four euro fighters stationed at the raf base in the falklands . 
  they would be able to hold off the entire argentina air force and navy in their current state .
