  sorry , rant over , just tired of people saying automation leads to fewer jobs , when history has shown us the opposite to be true . 
  so , dead in the water right ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/01/wife-french-presidential-candidate-francois-fillon-questioned/ he said if he was placed under formal investigation , which he now has , he would withdraw from the race . 
  now he says he 's just going to plow on regardless . 
  surely his political ambitions this time round are dead and if he does make it to the 2nd round he risks a le pen victory . 
  well fillon 's wife is apparently in custody and fillon is about to make a press statement soon . 
  france , what a rollercoaster two days, 
  got anymore jpeg . 
  https://europa.eu/european-union/about-eu/institutions-bodies/european-commission_en  the european commission is the eu 's politically independent executive arm . 
  it is alone responsible for drawing up proposals for new european legislation  the commission is the sole eu institution tabling laws for adoption by the parliament and the council  the ep can propose legislation to the commission and it has to be passed by the ep before becoming a law or a directive . 
  the is commission is appointed by people who are elected , so i fail to see what is undemocratic about this system , especially compared to the uk . 
  except the whole , not every law has to be passed by the parliament , http://www.europarl.europa.eu/aboutparliament/en/20150201pvl00004/legislative-powers  the european parliament may approve or reject a legislative proposal , or propose amendments to it . 
  the council is not legally obliged to take account of parliament 's opinion but in line with the case-law of the court of justice , it must not take a decision without having received it . 
  so , on issues such as taxation , my mep vote is nothing more than a advisory opinion , that can be ignored by the council and commission . 
   yes there is , it gets debated and meps vote on it . 
  you must be pretty ignorant to write such a thing . 
  must be talking about article 225 tfeu  `` the european parliament may , acting by a majority of its component members , request the commission to submit any appropriate proposal on matters on which it considers that a union act is required for the purpose of implementing the treaties . 
  if the commission does not submit a proposal , it shall inform the european parliament of the reasons . '', 
  [ on average ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/bibliotheque/briefing/2013/130619/ldm_bri\\ ( 2013 \\ ) 130619_rev2_en . pdf ) european parliament proposes two each year . 
  whereas the commission does almost 700 [ source ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/statistics/2016/legislative-acts-statistics.html ) n.b the number for council/parliament are inflated as parliament has special initiative rights , where it can make formal proposals for legislation -- mainly concerning its own organisation , functions and the european elections . 
  so you have a parliament that has no power to introduce legalisation ( bar to its own organisation and european elections ) , and the power it does have to ` ask ' is not used . 
  so my direct vote for the european parliament is not one to directly influence europe , more a ` consultation ' body than parliament . 
  if the european parliament can not directly propose law to the commission/council than it is at a disadvantage . 
  it 's no point asking the commission to propose law , as it takes away the initiative to actually craft the law as parliament wants , instead the commission may propose a law it prefers , and due to the nature of parliament procedure , accepting a commission proposal is easier than rejecting or amending . 
   you can change things at eu level as well . 
  not as quick , nor with the same direct influence , different systems may vary , but uk allows a pretty direct rule from the people to their representatives . 
  if i want to elect a mp who believes in abolishment of council tax ( or a party that does ) i can vote that way . 
  whole other ball game with europe where my european vote means little for direct representation . 
   you can with the eu . 
  the european parliament is directly elected , while the commission and the council is appointed by people who are elected . 
  i would say that is this just as democratic , if not more so than in some eu member states , who are required to be democracies before even being allowed in . 
  but the european parliament can not introduce laws , only approve or edit laws to be sent back to the commission . 
  how is that democratic . 
  the council are appointed , but they 're the only ones who get to introduce laws , there is no discussion in parliament on creating law , only rubber stamp what is given to them , or edit it and send it back to the commission to approve/edit . 
  saying the european parliament is directly elected is a cop out when they 're hamstrung by lack of powers . 
  saying that the commission is appointed by each nation countries leaders is a cop out because i did n't vote for them or my leader . 
  say i voted for labour in the general election because i like they way they talk on social issues and education . 
  but i vote for my conservative mep in europe because i want to reduce the red tape and inefficiency in europe and ensure money is being spent wisely . 
  my mep vote does n't really matter , because my mep ca n't introduce laws or build a coalition around the law , it could have unanimous approval in theory in the european parliament , but because labour won the general election , they dictate ( as part of the commission ) what laws are introduced in europe . 
   who is putting the disruptions in ? 
  it is not the eu but member states who are worried about reduced power that might come from that treaty . 
  the eu includes the member states , even when parts of a treaty are incorrect or wrong or outdated , they ca n't be changed because of what they are . 
  that 's no basis of a functioning democracy or coalition of nations . 
  problem is , with your country you can change it . 
  you elect new leaders / representatives and go about fixing it . 
  does n't work the same in europe . 
  for example , my major issue is the inefficiency , such as the two parliament system . 
  waste of time , money and resources , but ca n't fix it because despite everyone knowing how bad it is , it 's enshrined in a treaty , and you ca n't change a treaty without serious major disruption ( essentially , even the minor treaty change to resolve this would take half a decade ) . 
  so yes , it is a easy scapegoat , but it is n't unjustified . 
  of course it is . 
  every politician hangs from the same thin thread in europe . 
  and that is part of the issue , each countries politicians ultimately answer to their citizens first . 
  i do n't doubt europe acts , but usually too late and too little . 
  its more accurate to call europe reactionary then preemptive, 
  no , but they do the same in their country , so you it 's not like the tourism marketing people did n't know the clientele they were advertising to . 
  it wo n't stop anything happening . 
  the british parliament , reflects the nation , and it is rather pragmatic . 
  of course it is down to the organisation and within each party there are ` groups ' ( a party is just a loose coalition of different people with slightly different views governed by the same philosophy ) . 
  there are red lines and rebellions all the time in the governing party , it just does n't make the news because the mp that is going to vote against the leaderships wishes has already made their voice heard and said so . 
  it all starts well , well , well before any vote . 
  any piece of legalisation goes through committees and debates where changes made to the text or amendments added to the legalisation , and the one that reaches the floor is usually the one that gets past because it is a compromise . 
  but yes , it 's all done in the organisation of the party , and the government knows if they 're going to win the vote or not before it is held , if they know they wo n't , they 'll withdraw it ( rarely happens ) and send it back to committee to produce a version that is acceptable to enough mps . 
  dissenters do n't stop anything from happening , they never have , it just forces the government to listen more closely to their party and the chamber . 
  i get 6.8 weeks off , and i work in retail . 
  it is one of the better aspects of my job . 
  almost two months of holidays . 
  not only that , but it happened 40 years ago . 
  and soak in the glares of the other passengers you 're denying the slight breeze from . 
  if you actually read the article , it 's just one single conservative mep who tried ( and failed ) to block the motion . 
  the words from the conservative 's environment minister said that environmental protection regulations should be maintained and , when necessary , strengthened . 
  i really do n't like the conservatives , i really do n't like gove , and i disagree with the one mep as there 's evidence suggesting that this pesticide is harmful , but this headline is slightly sensationalised to suggest it 's many conservatives and people will get the wrong idea from that . 
  yes , but the eu has stated they want a unified agreement . 
  which is really the most sensible . 
  no point creating further divisions in the eu by forcing exit terms/settlement/agreement only some countries support . 
  and the eu-uk exit deal also needs unanimous agreement from all other eu states . 
  i 'm just going to throw something out . 
  the eu commission wants backdoors . 
  the eu parliament does not want backdoors . 
  only the commission can introduce laws , the eu parliament can vote on laws and introduce amendments that are fed back up . 
  you have two diametrically opposing policies , in the eu legislature , and so nothing will happen . 
  for all the talk , and articles i see , no one really mentions the eu parliament ca n't actually do what they say . 
  the people may change , but french politics do not . 
  unlike the french , the english do n't particularly care about language . 
  we bastardise it ourselves , nicking words and sounds from other languages , incorporating emerging words into the official lexicon . 
  no , the reason english has done as well as it has is because of apathy . 
  we do n't get hung up on the nuances of language . 
  [ p.s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_charter_for_regional_or_minority_languages ) france ratify the charter already . 
  wo n't ever be done like that . 
  you will more likely have a airbus style setup where different components are made in different countries and assembled in one . 
  the problem with your solution is what happens when the eu decides they have enough tanks but need more ships ? 
  all of a sudden you have 0 spending in germany and a increase in italy . 
  from a army official that would be the worst solution because you now have politics influencing what you can buy , so instead of having a streamlined armed forces , you have politicians deciding what you get instead of what you need . 
  split the individual components up across the eu and that way lots of countries are involved in building tanks , ships , planes so elimination of say tanks does n't hit one country only , and the affected countries still have spending on other parts . 
  the actual problem , is where does the r&d go . 
  you ca n't split it up , like manufacturing , where does the final assembly go . 
  it also means a increase in spending . 
  instead of allowing market forces work , ( aka best solution for given problem ) you now have geographical terms dictating where a part is produced and that part that may cost $ 40 now costs $ 400 . 
  there are no perfect solutions . 
  what ? 
  they 're predicted to get 318 seats , with dup 10 , over the 326 majority ( or as sf has 9 and do not take their seats , essentially 322 ),
