  a lot of people are tired up here . 
  we just want to get on with things . 
  2010 general mp election 2011 scotland mp election 2012 negotiations about indyref 2014 referendum on indyref 2015 general mp election 2016 scotland mp election 2016 brexit referendum it 's just been too much earpiss . 
  i 'm already tired of indyref2 and negotiations have n't even started on that . 
  if it is held in 2018 it 'll be 18 months from now till then of earpiss from both brexit and indyref2 . 
  just , do the brexit thing , get it sorted , then a year or two after the dust has settled , put indyref to bed for good ( a generation ) . 
  but is n't it a unnecessary extra then ? 
  if it is a defensive military why not use nato ? 
  it would be ` trivial ' ( if such a word were to exist in international partnerships ) to simply include the european union as a whole . 
  they would both do the same thing . 
  i would of course as a brit , be against the creation of a eu army , because i believe it is more encroachment on nation rights , `` mission creep '' so to say . 
  i would say that it would be a precursor to the destruction of nato . 
  if the eu wants a army , then it has to fix its underlying issues first , not keep adding on top of them . 
  while i have no doubt there will be a single command structure , the issue is the mandate . 
  will any action have to be agreed upon by all eu countries ? 
  or only those who contribute forces ? 
  will there be a set ` rulebook ' to avoid debate and agreements , so `` if x happens then y happens '' or will each deployment be taken case by case by the european council?parliament?commission?council of the european union ? 
  or will it be based on a dictatorial method where one person has control of the armed forces , able to deploy at will without approval of eu nation states or representatives ? 
  no surprises there . 
  eu laws signed into uk law under the `` great repeal bill '' means uk judges will take eu court judgements into consideration . 
  i hope it responds to crisis faster than what the eu has done so far . 
  i do n't like the idea of a eu army because unlike the usa or the uk or any other independent nation , it is able to react to threats quickly . 
  a eu armed forces run the risk of being like the unsc where nothing is done . 
  27 countries having to make a unified decision ? 
  it would be horrific . 
  the political will just is n't there . 
  in order to do and be as ( presumably ) effective as the uk , it would take a fundamental change in politics and legal system . 
  its a dirty job , and better or worse the uk citizens do n't really care about it . 
  there is a certain pragmatism that exists in the uk where we know its going on , we 've seen the news , we know of the rumors and the leaks but we do n't question . 
  a emperor has no clothes so to say , we do n't question or denounce it because we would rather feign ignorance . 
  we taught the americans and we 've been doing it for more then a century , but its a facet that we prefer to ignore . 
  i 'm not so sure how germany or belgium or any other eu country would handle the nessesary requirements of wide state powered survaliance , as i 'm sure there would be outcrys from the citizens . 
  now i 'd like that to continue , a cross european sharing of intel in order to protect western democracy , in or out , stopping terrorist attacks on friendly countries ( which at the end if the day , we still are ) . 
  i do n't want it to be used as a direct negotiating chip ( aka give us no brexit bill or you get no intelligence ) but i would like the eu negotiators to keep these so called `` soft assets '' in mind . 
  that 's because phone contracts are not voided , they end at a defined date or are considered fulfilled if upon settlement of debts . 
  if for example you had a contact that stated your phone contract was void in two months if you decided to leave , with no penalties mentioned , then it does n't matter if you 're only 5 months into a 24 month contract . 
  sorry , but there is no legal basis . 
  i 'm sure there will be lawyers and such arguing both sides , but article 50 states that the treaties will become void after 2 years and no longer apply to the nation leaving . 
  the budgets are agreed upon by the underlying treaties . 
  if the underlying treaty is void , the budget is void , the legal basis no longer has any enforcement . 
  regardless of what was pledged or agreed , if there is no treaty , then there is no legal action to take to enforce it . 
  it would have no more legal standing than a request from the eu for money . 
  probably because common law is preveliant across the old empire , or at least influenced by the british . 
  i guess it helps ireland bridge the gap between the eu and the international hq using the same basis of law . 
  i also guess that it 's tribe mentality . 
  the german lawyers probably argue their system is best because every possibility is taken into account when applying the law \\ creation . 
  the irish \\ common law lawyers probably argue that it 's impossible to do this and common law offers flexibility in that the judges can essentially create new president for unforseen circumstances and thus their system is more flexible . 
  it could also just be common law allows for more creative lawyering which means more money for the lawyers . 
  i have no problem with paying for projects already started ( in the u.k. or other countries ) or for the upkeep of pensions and benefits . 
  i do however believe that the eu has no right to demand that britain continues to pay into the eu budget at the full rate after they 've left . 
  maybe we can leave before the next eurovision song contest . 
  ca n't imagine us being very popular this year ( except for the maltese ), 
  it 's a horrible half-assed piece of legalisation put in as a afterthought . 
  to handle something as complex as disentangling a independent nation from a union , it is woeful . 
  guess they thought no one would be crazy enough . 
  what ? 
  to extend it you do n't need a new treaty , you just need the 28 eu members to agree to extend it . 
  something that i believe is more than likely as i expect negotiations to go to the wire , and the eu council will agree to a extension as to allow debate and voting through the eu parliament . 
  no treaty change required , it 's in article 50 that extension can be granted . 
  i 'm not talking years , but weeks to a month for signing and proper debate . 
  well , thats not technically correct , they have a guaranteed period of at least 2 years , which will in all likelihood be extended to dot the t 's and cross the i 's , especially if a unprepared brexit causes more problems to europe then the uk . 
  again michel barnier states a transitional period can be agreed after the exit , but again no one knows , no one has done it before . 
  he is make it up as he goes along , as too is everyone else . 
  again , literally making it up . 
  no one knows how long it 's going to take , it 's never been done . 
  plus the eu is n't exactly known for their quick and speedy resolutions to crisis . 
  we 're just going to get our mate donald to bomb you guys . 
  make up something about the eu banning golf or something . 
  but seriously , it 's going to come down to a tribal mentality . 
  well , i suppose 18 months is a good a number as any when you literally make it up . 
  why ? 
  nicola and alex both say they want to hold a vote around the august of next year , before brexit is completed . 
  thats before any deal is struck and people wo n't know the terms . 
  / u/geebr is not being fastidious with the truth , [ before brexit is completed ] ( https://www.thescottishsun.co.uk/news/politics/718930/nicola-sturgeon-calls-theresa-mays-bluff-over-brexit-with-indyref2-but-pm-says-first-minister-is-playing-games/ ) more [ source ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/world/scotlands-leader-nicola-sturgeon-calls-for-second-independence-referendum-before-brexit-20170313-guxavx.html ) and [ one more from alex ] ( http://www.eveningtimes.co.uk/news/15032129.alex_salmond_predicts_indyref2_in_autumn_2018/ ), 
  except it really is n't . 
  it may have been one facet the better together used , but it was n't the defining factor . 
  it made up the uncertainty area that people voted for remain . 
  well , every poll shows people do n't want a referendum now ( it 's not even close ) and furthermore the scottish parliament does not have the authority to determine when to have a referendum . 
  theresa is simply doing what all politicians do in deciding policy , judge the national mood and make decisions based on that . 
  plus of course the sensible option of saying brexit first then indyref2 after . 
  thats not the issue . 
  the uk government representing all of its citizens , be it brexiteers or remainers , scottish , english , welsh , ni or gilbraterians ( the fuck do you call those rock outcasts ) , has to negotiate a deal against the european union . 
  they do n't want to be negotiating a deal and at the same time negotiating a independence deal to allow a referendum , and furthermore it weakens the uk 's stance in the negotiations . 
  this is the only sensible outcome , brexit comes first and then after it is completed the indyref question can be addressed . 
  the uk does n't need this , we are already a island that is battered by the winds and seas . 
  why the fuck would we go `` yea , know what we want more of ? 
  lets make a island in the north sea that gets battered by the sea and wind 24/7 '' . 
  now give me a tropical island off the coast of dubai or bahrain , and we 're talking business . 
  joking aside , the uk is one of the best position for renewables , with our tidal , wind and wave being able to power 100 % of our energy needs ( plus solar ) . 
  of course not , the eu can not force the uk to continue paying for budgetary commitments when the treaties that such budgetary commitments are made under no longer apply as per article 50 . 
  but we 're going to get years of this , only the stupid take politicians at their word . 
  except it is n't a universal income , it 's changed its name for those in the trial , where their unemployment benefit will continue to be paid regardless of if they find work . 
  we , as a society are not yet at the point of universal income , as it is neither affordable , or necessary yet . 
  also automation does not mean fewer jobs . 
  if this was the case then when farm machinery got invented we would expect the majority of the population to become unemployed . 
  it did n't happen . 
  what happened was as machines and automation did more work in one area , there were new sectors and industries that opened and more jobs were created . 
  as a society , that is how we 've functioned , as machines did the work of many people , those people went to work creating new jobs and inventions and innovations which allowed for growth and technological advancement . 
  another way of looking at it is , if you take the existing workforce in a vacuum with no innovation or new jobs created and say automation makes 20 % unemployed , then you have a problem . 
  but we do n't live in a vacuum .
