no , sweden is eu . 
  that 's the argument being put on in the thread . 
  i 'm sorry to hear all of this . 
  i 'm in the us and it 's horrible to read of what you 're going through . 
  stay safe . 
  us+eu pretty much lets you work anywhere in the developed world . 
  it 's an incredibly lucky situation to be born into . 
  even one of them gives you such an advantage . 
  as warren buffett says , you 've already won the ovarian lottery . 
  i 'm going to ignore the overlap and ad the scores together . 
  if the global market prices in dollars and iran wants euros , they 'll have to price in euro and sell to markets willing to pay in euro . 
  does n't that essentially make them price takers and still subject to exchange fluctuations even if they do n't have to take dollars and buy euros ? 
  they 're not big enough to have pricing power as a single supplier to a single market that also has the discretion to buy in dollars from the market at large . 
  europe does n't care about exchanging euro for dollars if it means cheaper oil . 
  i 'm in the portland area . 
  we do n't have a ton of violent crime , but people are right about there being a lot of drug related crime . 
  especially as you go further north where there are fewer jobs and lots of opiate problems . 
  this state is currently governed by an actual retard , so we 're not making any progress in getting treatment programs in place ( or improving our attractiveness to businesses ) . 
  google paul lepage for some hilarity - it 's pretty funny if you do n't live here , i 'm sure . 
  the state is beautiful , though . 
  and our low population density really makes it enjoyable . 
  i 'm lucky enough to live close to a sandy beach , and there 's nothing like the maine coast in the summer . 
  that 's fair . 
  depending on where in europe and which us state though , crime rates are similar . 
  violent crime rates too . 
  overall europe is a safer place than the us , but i think our cities skew that a little . 
  for instance , i live in maine and while we have some crime , people do n't lock their doors in many parts , especially the older folks . 
  i would n't have dreamt of that when i lived in dc !, 
  but i digress . 
  i would n't say that . 
  you have less of the issues that lead to violent crime , but you do have a different set of cultural issues . 
  we all do . 
  it 's relevant because our states are similar to your countries in some regards . 
  size , population , some degree of cultural difference . 
  you really missed on 3/5ths of an opportunity there . 
  so close . 
  space pope ? 
  their fearsome battle flag , a cheap umbrella mounted on a selfie stick . 
  fear the plastic helicopter bombardment . 
  well i do n't know what i did but i somehow deleted my comment on mobile . 
  have an upvote . 
  uh , you better go check north korea before he eats it all . 
  why are quotas such a bad idea ? 
  i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . 
  this is true . 
  dublin basically sticks the border countries with all refugees/migrants , if enforced . 
  quotas and redistribution need to be on the table if you want the border states to enforce the treaty . 
  i realize it 's easy for me to say since i live in the us , but why not start quotas proportional to the contribution to the eu budget ( which would roughly reflect ability to pay/support ) ? 
  like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#eu-28_contributions_.282014.29 then , take a piece of that to better fund eu border controls to make sure people are n't just passing through . 
  registration upon entry , or no entry , at the eu border . 
  they 're mad at marco polo for that pasta he stole , brought back to venice and appropriated . 
  makes sense . 
  we spend a couple weeks a year in italy and late dinner is always the hardest adjustment for my daughter , she 's 4 . 
  we usually just go right around 730 which is the earliest acceptable time in many cities , since before that time only the tourist traps are open . 
  sometimes we skip it entirely if she 's tired since as you said , were eating smaller meals throughout anyway . 
  but i 'm always surprised to see kids out so late in southern europe . 
  not because it 's bad but because i wonder how they get used to it . 
  i assume school still starts early ? 
  or do little kids go in later as well , like after 9am ? 
  i was waiting for the portuguese to get dragged into this :d, 
  southern europe has its stereotypes . 
  it also has the best food , wine and culture on earth . 
  we should all be so lazy then . 
  out of curiosity what sorts of schedules do children have ? 
  for instance would a 4 year old eat dinner at 2200 ? 
  or do families with young kids do something else ? 
  dumb semi related question , but is france considered southern europe ? 
  val d'aosta really breaking up that national unity, 
  my mother is from genova . 
  it usually seemed that there was a lot of commonality when we met people from nice or other areas of southern france . 
  of course i grew up in the us so you definitely do n't want to take my word for it . 
  with great mustaches ? 
  or is that just the turks in the us ? 
  mangia immediatamente . 
  he 's the guy with the hair , right ? 
  your trump ? 
  well yeah . 
  was n't the main argument against scottish independence the fact that they 'd be out of the eu without an easy path back in ( because the uk would stick it to them at the negotiating table ) ? 
  at this point if the uk is dragging scotland out anyway , why not be independent ? 
  the main reason for staying is null and void . 
  if anything , scotland should get to this quickly . 
  voting for independence and declaring intent to join the eu would start to stabilize the eu itself against the various rumblings of other exit votes . 
  wait i thought tipping was n't a thing in the uk ? 
  this one has 4 stripes . 
  looks awesome . 
  i wish it was something more comfortable than a crj !, 
  listen . 
  we 'd believe you if you did n't keep trying to sell us umbrellas and selfie sticks between sentences . 
  great , so when should we pencil in the scottish independence referendum do-over ? 
  a one-sided deal to the eu is fair to switzerland as well . 
  if you 're the swiss , what are you thinking about doing with the fom treaties if the uk gets single market access without fom ? 
  if the eu does n't take a hard line here , it 's the beginning of the end for the eu . 
  every member is going to want to renegotiate/extract some kind of benefit that they 'll argue is unique to their situation - some of that will be around fom , some of that will be around the monetary union , and things will become unsustainable . 
  i think the eu needs to do two things : 1 . 
  not allow uk single market without fom 2 . 
  signal to scotland that they can stay in if they want if not , hey , maybe we 'd like to talk about single market access on this side of the atlantic , too !, 
  especially if we do n't have to give up anything to get it , right ? 
  ( 5/7 ) / ( 5/7 ) would shitpost again !, 
  italy deports people before they go far enough to get arrested for something like this . 
  i wonder what the numbers would look like there .
