it 's alright when we do it !, 
  we were given a yes or no question and both obviously came with the unsaid concequences . 
  it 's just naive to think otherwise ... 
  i do agree tho that it was stupid and irresponcible to not specify on the choices , that was left vague , which imo was intentional . 
  in the end it only makes syriza incompetent , instead of a bunch of liars and still makes no sense voting them in . 
  or voting nd , the corrupt bastards that brought us here in the first place , so that syriza wont be re-elected , which is a reason i heard a lot lately ... 
  61 % of the greeks i believe . 
   the greek people somehow think that they would be ok leaving the euro some did , some expected to be worse and wanted to work our way out of the shit . 
   but a leader faced with the actual responsibility of doing that and completely collapsing the economy why hold a referendum if you are going to ignore the end result ? 
  he would n't collapse anything . 
  the majority of the people would  thankfully decided otherwise . 
  that remains to be found . 
  personally i think we will be out of euro in the comming years , with even worse conditions than now , because none of our leaders are spineless , do n't want any responsibility and decide to kick the can down the road . 
   maybe because the new parties are demonstrably worse ? 
  just because things are bad does n't mean they ca n't get much worse . 
  what 's worse than incompetent , lying and corrupt ? 
  worst case scenario the new parties turn out to be the same kind of shit ... 
  if you do n't give them a chance you will never know how it turns out and voting the terrible people in again just prolongs the problems and rewards their corrupt , dishonest behavior . 
  if you had to trust your money to a known thief or a random stranger who would you trust them to ? 
   was n't tsipras saying they would n't lea yes , but i doubt anyone was under the illusion that there were n't pitfalls to denying austerity . 
  or at least i hope they did ... 
  i have no idea why the fuck would anyone would vote for that lying son of a bitch ... people gave him the ok to say `` no '' to the austerity , no matter the consequences , with the referendum and he straight up spit to our faces . 
  i ca n't blame anyone that hoped that tsipras would be better than his predecessors , but what the fuck is everyone thinking voting for that clown or the other side of clowns that is new democracy for that matter ? 
  why not just vote for someone new again ? 
  can the new candidate be even worse than the dishonest , incompetent and corrupt previous goverments ? 
  common sense is seriously not common at all ... 
  yeah let 's get in the middle of more shit flinging . 
  what could possibly go wrong !, 
  like we do n't have enough shit to deal with already . 
  the one you speak about must be a private uni . 
  i have no idea how things are in those , but they are considered less prestigious , because the ones that apply there are the ones that failed at least 2 years in their exams . 
  btw when some british council/proffessors came to check up on my uni 's ( alexander technological educational institute of thessaloniki , department of physiotherapy ) curriculum , equipment , staff etc last year all we heard was words of praise and said that we rated pretty close to the ones in england . 
  honestly i didnt expect a passing grade with our lack of resources , like the lack of proffessors so i am very sceptical of those inspections . 
   again you speak without experience . 
  essays are not like the greek `` essays '' where you scribble some shit in a paper and the teacher marks them based if he likes you or not . 
  they take things like plagiarism and original sources very seriously . 
  i have personally seen people getting kicked * permanently * out of a uni for plagiarism in a first semester * english * class , and the rest of them forced to restart the whole year ( back to fucking square 1 ) . 
  participation is not an option , but an obligation for the students and tests are standardized and and cross checked by school councils and the ministry . 
  if the class has too many issues on those areas the teacher himself can come under review . 
  honestly i hope that all of the above are true and i am wrong . 
  with all the absurd things i hear in universities in america and england i was starting to lose hope . 
   because who are losers according to you ? 
  those that did not study and do menial jobs ? 
  one can be really happy and `` win '' at life without becoming a doctor . 
  the sick or the mentally unstable that cant work or function socially ? 
  those addicted to substances that have been proven again and again that need serious help instead of punishing ? 
  because these are the only people that are unable to be `` winners '' in life , and usually its out of their hands . 
  imo the winners are the ones that live a satisfying life and the loser are the ones that arent . 
  the disabled , sick , addicted , uneducated and generally people that need help are a very good example . 
  do these people lead satisfying lives ? 
  sometimes , but how usual is that ? . 
  do they always get the help they need ? 
  absolutely not . 
  everyone has to work hard to overcome their problems , be the ones that they imposed on themselves or ones that they were unfortunate enough to be imposed to them by society/nature . 
  the strong/winners are the ones that managed to overcome those and are happy , the losers/weak are the ones that didnt andarent happy with theirs . 
   you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  the greek system is a 100m race where you put all your chances on a single burst , and if you have a bad day , well your are fucked permanently . 
  the other system is more like real life job , where the majority of your work ( test , essays , participation ) is examined , so if you lack in one part but excel in others or had a bad day is not going to ruin you . 
  there are problems with both final exams , bad day as you mentioned , but there are problems with assignments ( you dont necessarilly learn from them , since they could as well be copied from elsewere or catering to some stupid teacher 's wishes ) , tests ( same problem with exams but with less things to study for ) and participation ( depends a whole lot on student 's personality ) . 
  imo both ways can lead to a good result if done correctly . 
   as usually greeks focus on the state of universities when they discuss about schools , which is the result of the shitty education , and not the earlier years who are a fucking mess and the cause . 
  i simply mentioned university because it 's my most recent experience . 
  i definitely agree with that there are problems way before it , but i disagree that university problems are completely different ( way too much competition before you enter , way too little after you enter ) . 
  that competition in earler years , the general notion that you must enter a university to be successful and lack of useful classes ( like geography , sex ed , first aid , computer classes instead of religion , classical literature or ancient greek ) is the downfall of general education . 
  i also believe that the admision to universities should be by exams , but they have to be irrelevant from the high school subjects and more relevant to each major ( anatomy for med schools , math for programmers , physics for architects etc ) . 
   yeah because modern civilization was based on the rule of the jungle where a few `` winners '' built everything , and not everyone trying to `` win '' in its own sector , from farmers to doctors . 
  oh but modern society is based largely on the rule of the jungle , but the losers have more options and well they dont drop like flies . 
  big part of the problem yes . 
  if you dont use exams how are you going to choose who 's competent enough for a university or good enough to be able to do the job of his choice ? 
  in my experience in the greek university ( last year currently , finishing my practice and have to write my thesis ) , the overall lvl is pretty low , because lack of competition . 
  if you ca n't be kicked out of university for failing exams , you are guaranted to pass a class after failing it for x ammount of times ( because lack of resources proffessors are often enough not allowed to fail students or are too lazy and give away freebies ) why would you study short term ? 
  you could just party all year and still pass the exams , not learning anything . 
  in the end lack of competition just raises the of education . 
  if a little bit of stress on the student is what 's required so be it . 
  i want to be able to graduate because i am competent enough to be able to , because i am ready to start practicing what i learnt and what 's required to be able to do my job . 
  the no `` kid left behind '' and `` everyone gets a medal for participating '' policies of education today , not just in greece , but everywhere is bullshit and should be abandoned already . 
  was n't that a 4chan greenpost ? 
  this fucking train wasted hours of my childhood , when i had to watch that shit before the other cartoons started . 
  and barney . 
  fuck that pedophile dinosaur . 
  when it comes to the golden dawn things are pretty much crystal clear , but what about when it comes to more controversial points ? 
  like the recent media propaganda in the referendum ? 
  in the end who decides what 's ok to be heard and what 's not ? 
  who watches the watchmen ? 
  denied their genocide as much as japan ? 
  well tough luck , germans chose it and now have to face the concequences of their choice . 
  not that they will tho . 
  we all know who 's going to be sacrificed for the glory of the \u00dcbermensch . 
  the hell is that title ? 
  when i saw the `` rare '' part in the first question on my mind was `` did it have good drops ? 
  well wage gap exists , but it 's not because of sexism . 
  it 's mostly because of women 's career choices . 
  that could be a solution to this particular problem , but can you imagine how many other problems will create ? 
  it 's not like greece is a superpower that can ignore international laws without consequences , not without eu 's backing at least , which is not happening at this moment . 
  [ well ... ] ( http://www.nairaland.com/1284216/pictured-woman-gets-pregnant-after ), 
  but in a debate people disagree with you and that 's literally harassment , not to mention sexism , racism and many other ism !, 
  well i meant `` hate speech kind '' of dangerous . 
  uk being a police state and all ... * sigh * and beheadings are so 2015 ... 
  he 's more classy than that . 
  like bringing-gas-chambers back type of classy .
