  not to detract from the discussion too much , but i always found it very reasonable to include injuries for that . 
  i mean , just because the guy is a bad shot or randomly only wounded a person does n't really make it any less of a mass shooting in my mind . 
  i ca n't really blame anyone for booking it when there 's guns involved . 
  it 's a very different situation than a machete , and in general in such a panicked moment ... 
  in my personal opinion , the spd started to marginalize itself a long time ago by basically just relying on centrist apathy for their votes . 
  they have long since stopped making politics for their `` target demographic '' of workers . 
  i do think there is a balance to be struck . 
  in representative democracy , the leader is supposed to make hard calls against the public consent if absolutely necessary - otherwise , we would just have a direct democracy . 
  while you can certainly make a conjecture , the entire point of having a civilised society is to not just assume the * most likely explanation * is the * definite * explanation . 
  assuming all dogs that ever got kicked got kicked because of a desire for that supposed luck is exactly wrong . 
  even if your society believed that would give luck , plenty of dogs would still be kicked for other reasons . 
  ... you do realize that you 're doing * exactly * what he criticises about israel , right ? 
  no one is denying the horrors of anti-semitism , but i think it 's pretty fair to say that israel sometimes takes its paranoia of anti-semitism too far or even uses the accusation of it as a tool . 
  while i agree that we should n't use ptsd as an easy excuse , i do have to say that ptsd has numerous different ways to manifest , and many mental conditions resulting from trauma can lead to violent behaviour - especially if the stress kept up for a long time , like in a war zone . 
  eh , that looks pretty good . 
  i 've seen people not even get florida right , or combining it with california . 
  i feel like this means there is a huge gap in the market . 
  someone needs to step up and sell them some smart shorts that go with the uniform !, 
  really ? 
  that entire ... `` article '' , if it even wants to be called such , is making the age-old , completely idiotic argument of `` well if germany has gun control , why do shootings still happen '' and then tries to point it all back to american gun control debates . 
  guess what , yes , shootings still happen , but they happen * massively less often * , so if anyone really needs to draw a line from `` gun control '' to `` frequency of mass shootings '' ... 
  this is r/europe , not r/europeasatalkingpointforamericanpolitics . 
  oh and of course that person posts under the name of `` tyler durden '' , because that 's not the most pretentious thing i 've seen all day . 
  well summed up . 
  not to pat ourselves on the back too much , but our anti-terror units are top-notch . 
  you know , i hate when people use the term `` nanny-state '' . 
  but in this one instance , it seems to fit quite well . 
  nanny is saying no-no to your sexual preferences . 
  on the other hand , completely unchangeable constitutions are also a problem once they become clearly archaic - society and technology have changed so much that some parts of constitutions * need * changing . 
  oh how surprising that you are a donald shitposter . 
  begone , troll , back to your donaldcave . 
  ha , you can wait a long time . 
  they 're actually upvoting people theorizing that it was a `` false flag '' operation to discredit white nationalists . 
  r/the _ donald is so far gone there is no logic to be brought to them . 
  with good reason - we do n't get much out of it , and the us is n't doing it as charity , either . 
  do n't get me wrong , if i personally could decide , i 'd spend the 2 % since we agreed to it , afterall . 
  but i understand why we do n't . 
  i mean , erdogan is pretty much burning all eu bridges anyway , might as well `` temporarily '' suspend those , too . 
  `` trump says '' well trump has said a lot of contradictory things . 
  even if he gets elected , we have no clue what he 's actually going to do . 
  so basically , we ca n't bother actually acting according to what he says . 
  enemies = people that oppose him . 
  ... he did n't compare them to isis or any other group , he said a group like the ira might rise with the goal of discriminating terror . 
  at this point you 're foaming at the mouth , swearing at anyone who mentions the ira in your desperate attempt at defending them . 
  yup , from my general disagreement you know just exactly what i know and what i pretend to know . 
  you should become a psychologist , apparently you can read minds . 
  and again you seem to not understand that fighting against something bad does n't somehow expunge the bad you 're doing . 
  oh yeah , so the ira is completely innocent and totally not a terrorist organisation . 
  yup , * i * am of course the guy `` pretending to know about stuff '' . 
  anyone that disagrees with your distorted - and publicly absolutely not accepted - view of course just has to be ignorant . 
  you have literally backpedaled in every single comment . 
  i did n't even have to say much , you basically buried yourself . 
  good work , terrorist apologist . 
  it 's nice that even when you finally acknowledge terrorism , you still have to do it with a defensive qualifier . 
  and by nice i mean `` very telling '' . 
  you might have noticed that i * have n't * made a comparison to isis . 
  you might also not want to immediately assume ignorance in anyone you talk to - i know the history of the ira , and i do not need a lecture from someone who is desperately trying to defend terrorism by going `` well not all of them did terrorism all the time '' . 
  let me just ask this as a simple question : is the ira a terrorist organisation in your mind , or not ? 
  what , so because they did n't start out as terrorists everything they do is excused ? 
  again , almost all terrorist organisations ( and quite a few crime syndicates ) started out with completely reasonable causes . 
  that does n't somehow make their later atrocities any better . 
  you seem very angry for someone who has n't actually made an argument aside from `` nuh-uh , are not '' . 
  who said the british were any better ? 
  the ira does n't become right just because they fought a wrong . 
  pretty much any terrorist organisation had * some * initial justification . 
  but nice going immediately becoming just as childishly insulting as the person you replied to without making an actual argument , really taking the high ground there . 
  how exactly am i shifting blame on anyone ? 
  also , you know , generalizations : i sure did n't put anyone anywhere . 
  i am not nazi germany . 
  or was this a joke i did n't get ? 
  i 'm german , i do n't have a sense of humour !, 
  all the time . 
  but nice assumption . 
  i 'm not really talking about this specific magazine , but more about how journalists are getting restricted more and more by the government . 
  what , and that suddenly makes the shit that 's happening in poland ( especially with regard to the media ) any better ? 
  i can worry about more than one thing and more than one place at the same time . 
  i get more and more worried about poland by the day . 
  guys , we love you , do n't go that route . 
  then ( unless article 7 is invoked by the eu ) , nothing happens . 
  at some point it becomes clear that the uk does n't want to trigger article 50 and normal trade deals will resume . 
  this is really less `` until the uk is out '' and more `` until the uk has made up its mind '' . 
  acceptable , sure , but i think most people would n't enjoy reading the articles - google translate is still far from perfect . 
  on the other hand , that would imply that we actually read more than the headline . 
  that 's such a weird ad . 
  like , the actual digression happens way later than i expected , so i kept going `` oh is this the point they 're going for ? 
  lots of ... orange-wearing people ? 
  technically true . 
  point taken . 
  yeah sure , * my * vote is diluted to nothingness . 
  last time i looked , i could directly vote for the party and chancellor i want ( with more than two options ) . 
  in comparison , your system literally has some people 's votes be worth more than others ( since some states have more than their population-proportionate number of votes ) , and you basically never vote for anything directly , instead relying on a clearly obsolete system of delegates that may very well just say `` fuck you '' and choose to not represent you . 
  i can not even fault the american people for voter apathy . 
  their votes mean little , their choices are lesser evils and their system is full of perverse incentives no-one has the political capital and motivation to fix . 
  the german march revolution !, 
  often barely touched upon even by german schools , it was a failed pro-democratic revolution . 
  i used to hang out with almost-but-not-quite neo-nazis when i was really young , so i do n't quite know which thing to pinpoint . 
  recently , though , it was probably me walking around with a friend : he 's the most integrated guy of turkish descent you could imagine , does n't even know how to speak turkish now . 
  * but * he does n't look like it : a wild beard has earned him quite a few remarks about him looking `` like a terrorist '' . 
  he 's just a turkish-german guy with a beard , yet some ( specifically the 50-60 demographic ) thinks this is somehow suspicious or worthy of ridicule . 
  this .
