i 'm just trying to clarify that you two are talking past each other . 
  jesus , this sub if fucking gone if people like you get upvoted . 
  anything , no matter how little , costs money if it is done by the eu , even if it 's just an innocent piece of fun . 
  the headline clearly implies that attacks are the main reason `` germany '' tells people to stockpile , when natural disasters are the far more likely reason . 
  thanks for an actually reasonable critique of it . 
  too many here fall into the `` dae muslims bad '' trap . 
  ah , so we should behave like the saudis ? 
  `` let 's be assholes because others are assholes '' is n't a great line to follow . 
  so what 's the problem ? 
  the guy you were responding to never implied that germany is made up of nations . 
  i think you are in agreement without noticing . 
  honestly , my money is on them never leaving . 
  and your point is ? 
  you can criticise it all you want , this is how reddit works and i doubt you can suggest a better model . 
  what a sensationalist headline . 
  basically has nothing to do with what it is talking about . 
  how far reuters has fallen . 
  it does n't matter what kind of article it is , * someone * here has to desperately try and force this in here , right ? 
  basically zero to seven at any given time . 
  that could be stretched , sure , but that 's about it . 
  while u/ladadadas meant reuters , i would go so far as to say that since a good majority of reddit only ever reads headlines , submitting a good article with a bad headline is worse than submitting a bad one with a good headline . 
  the mods . 
  just like with any rules in any sub , the mods are who define what counts and what does n't , either through clarification or direct action . 
  there is still an inherent difference between the uk 's make-up and germany 's . 
  german states are * not * nations in any way , shape or form , similarly to us states . 
  the united kingdoms ( or great britains ) members are a different matter . 
  that 's what he was pointing out . 
  i mean , let 's be honest , what exactly the olympics consider a separate country and what they do n't is completely detached from political reality , at times . 
  found the guy that has no argument . 
  edit : oh why even bother , your comment history shows you have n't done anything in this thread other than being an insufferable ass without anything worthwhile to say . 
  you gave zero `` specific examples '' . 
  and no , i do n't really need to `` debunk '' it , `` clash of cultures '' is basically the `` creationism '' of political discourse . 
  debunked by whom ? 
  by * the entire field * . 
  it 's like asking who debunked eugenics or freudian psychology : every little bit of it has been criticised for so long by so many experts that the entire construct has fallen out of use . 
  not to mention , if you * really * want to get pedantic , * you * are the one making claims , so the burden of proof is on you first and foremost . 
  not that your vague understanding of `` culture war '' offer much to rebuke . 
  your argument is populist at heart . 
  `` this complex theory i am vaguely pushing is real , no matter how much it has fallen out of favour with smart people , because i can interpret things to confirm it '' . 
  also nice `` everyone who disagrees with me is just in denial '' . 
  something being `` quite scary '' is not sufficient reason to ban things . 
  ah yes , except we 're talking specifically about burqa wearing people , not muslims . 
  of which there is still an insignificant amount . 
  that 's not a `` nasty interpretation '' , it 's that you , while claiming not to subscribe to `` pop-psychology '' , also do n't seem to subscribe to anything but populist misunderstanding in this regard . 
  no , showing a statistic about people in stable relationships committing crime does n't prove anything in any direction . 
  easy access to sex * does * prevent plenty of rapes , i never claimed otherwise - the countless times that rape statistics have changed when prostitution laws changed is more than enough evidence . 
  my point is simply that it 's utterly simplistic to think that `` being ugly '' and `` just not getting enough sex '' are the main reasons for rape , and that your country somehow solved all other reasons . 
  and that still is n't a very good reason for a state to ban it . 
  i never claimed they were . 
  just that terrorists leaning towards certain ideologies were rampant back then . 
  no , and i never said that . 
  i specifically explained why i asked you for sources , and i do n't think i need to repeat myself . 
  great , right to the insults . 
  no , `` clash of cultures '' has been pretty thoroughly picked apart consistently in academic discourse . 
  i ca n't criticise an opinion i do n't know yet , so let 's keep it snappy : the entire concept of `` culture war '' and `` clash of cultures '' and the rhetoric that came from it has been thoroughly , consistently debunked and is n't regarded as valid at all in political science , and it has n't been for ages now . 
  it 's archaic , it 's obsolete , and the fact that it 's getting dredged up from the grave right now does n't change that . 
  no , not at all , and i do n't understand how you could have thought that from the bit i quoted . 
  the point is that if you think rape comes to be because people are ugly and that your country has solved all other causes of rape , and that bullying ugly people somehow prevents rape , * you do n't understand how rape comes to be * on several different levels . 
  oh great , more archaic `` culture war '' rhetoric . 
  no matter the rest of the discussion , but that 's not really an argument . 
  the state should n't forbid something because it 's bad business practice . 
  oh that 's true , definitely - i 'm saying it 's a different kind of populism , a more quite one . 
  she oftentimes does n't actually commit anything concrete to any cause . 
  she 's still about a million trillion times better than the afd , and i 'm saying that as someone who spends a lot of time criticising merkel and her party . 
  did you want to reply to a different comment ? 
  or are you saying that you somehow have a source that says that 1/3 of rape cases in bulgaria can be attributed to being ugly ? 
  ... except that 's basically what happened with the later waves of the raf . 
  just because some of these terrorists do n't identify themselves with an organized group does n't mean they somehow ca n't be beaten , and furthermore , far from all terrorists back then were part of an organised network . 
   and everyone with some basic knowledge of european history already knows it 's not as bad now as it has been before . 
  tell that to the dozens of r/europe redditors i see on every article declaring that this is the beginning of an endless reign of terror . 
  edit : point taken , though . 
  ah yes , i remember when the ira and other terrorist groups just never ever stopped existing and committing terrorism . 
  they 're still totally a problem just as much as back then . 
  oh so they should have just immediately said `` yeah no it 's terrorism '' despite not being sure ? 
  the authorities , just like we all , know exactly how lousy journalism is with corrections . 
  they need to err on the side of not declaring things before they are known . 
  edit : great , r/europe . 
  really . 
  they apparently * should * just immediately spout whatever the first suspicion is into the media , no way that goes wrong . 
  good work . 
  there is a difference to be made here . 
  a guy who paints all his walls in bible scripture and rants about angels and demons who then goes to stab a guy while yelling `` for jesus '' probably would fall less under `` terrorist '' and more under `` mentally ill person '' . 
  it 's important to make this distinction , as the methods to prevent them are very different . 
  ... because no country has a perfect 100 % rate of finding out who 's got severe mental problems and is a danger to others ? 
  this is n't psychopass , you ca n't detect them with a device . 
  `` i ca n't be bothered to actually source my claims , so i 'm going to be smug instead '' . 
  `` a lot of rape by any absolute measure '' and `` a very large proportion '' are weasel-words . 
  * that 's * why i want you to actually source the stuff you say . 
  yeah , she really showed the fifteen people wearing burqas here . 
  what an important political cause . 
  that 's how she 's seen in germany by both the left * and * the right , by the way . 
  it 's just that she 's always the lesser evil . 
  edit : do people really disagree with this ? 
  in germany , she is normally seen as non-committal . 
  did n't knwo that was a controversial fact . 
  the headline is a bit misleading , considering the article itself has a very different atmosphere than just `` terror deaths high '' . 
   however , researchers pointed out that the 1970s saw several years with higher terrorism death tolls , so western europe is not `` in a downward spiral '' . 
  and only 6 % of worldwide terrorism deaths in july 2016 happened in western europe , with many more attacks in countries like iraq and syria . 
  and then  `` and so i do think it 's a mistake to forget about that and assume that we 're just in this never-ending downward spiral , which is certainly not the case . '', 
  [ dr. miller ] and so on .
