  as an anecdote : when i had my first day at university , they actually had flyers warning us not to join fraternities , as they were known to be very right-leaning , with racism and sexism rampant . 
  my university is * very * left . 
  we learned british spelling from year 5-10 and american from 11-13 , but our teachers never really cared for consistency , so my english is this weird mix of both . 
  and since others mention it in this thread : i do n't have much of a german accent since i 'm very fluid . 
  otherwise , people from the us tell me i have a british accent and british people say i have an american one , so i guess i 'm somewhere in between . 
  germany . 
  if i hear one more idiot trumplet or right-winger make the tired joke of `` well germany is a muslim country '' i will vomit . 
  if it at least was a funny or creative joke , i 'd be fine with it . 
  yes !, 
  i do n't remember the name , but it 's not a chain . 
  i like it there ( although it is too expensive and out-of-town to be a regular thing for me ) . 
  i do n't think i really have a favourite dish , though . 
  if i had to pick , i 'd say some of the burgers are great . 
  no no , you got that about the fdp right . 
  they have decreased in popularity a lot due to general anti-capitalist sentiment . 
  at this point , they are largely irrelevant . 
  yeah , they started with brussels as a metaphor , but some of them are legitimately dumb enough to not get it . 
  they also really like throwing flyers in our mailboxes without any party identification or signing it , because they know they 'd get hit for it . 
  britain !, 
  well , not really neighbouring , but kinda . 
  they know how to make breakfast , man !, 
  also toffee is great . 
  and i have n't had indian food as good as the stuff in manchester , i really miss that . 
  i especially hate how the right-wing pundits here in germany always talk about your country as if you controlled the eu as a dictatorship . 
  it 's so weird since the international stereotype is that it 's us germans being the big european dictators . 
  accurate : we germans love our rules . 
  many of us will not cross a red light in the middle of the night on a deserted road . 
  inaccurate : that we have no humour . 
  german kabarett is alive and well , and comedians are well known here . 
  traditional german humour is just sometimes a bit weird . 
  i have my passport and my student id , nothing more . 
  passport really only ever gets used to confirm my age or to confirm my train ticket - the student id only gets used for discounts or associated benefits ( i can use it as a paycard in my university ) . 
  as the others said : french or german . 
  i would n't really panic over english being less spoken in the eu , though : it 's the most popular second language , and i 'd doubt that would change post-brexit . 
  english is more than just the language of the uk and ireland , it 's also an important lingua franca - not just a gate to the eu , but many parts of the world . 
  you know , if you do n't fit the requirements of the army , * maybe you 're not fit to join the army and be a productive , healthy member of it * . 
  that does n't get better by completely displacing yourself into a different country . 
  well first we 'd have to know why you ca n't join the american forces , since that will probably bar you from a number of european forces as well . 
  in general , though , you need to be a citizen of whatever country you want to serve in ( with rare exceptions that you ca n't really join from your position , anyway ) . 
  college benefits are , in many countries , a thing , but differ heavily between the countries . 
  i actually used `` flanderization '' from tvtropes lingo , where it describes how characters in long-form works often start with a character trait that gets more extreme over time until it 's sort of a caricature . 
  it 's named after the simpsons character . 
  funny to see tze word works two ways in this situation . 
  yeah , that 's essentially the more mild version of that . 
  it 's the assumption `` germany is very important in the eu , merkel is very important in germany , thus merkel is very important in the eu '' . 
  they are n't completely wrong , but it 's less her personal power and more a misattribution of germany 's power over the eu . 
  d\u00f6ner kebab in its current form !, 
  an invention by a turkish immigrant - a modification of `` traditional '' d\u00f6ner , adapted so the busy people of berlin could eat it while walking . 
  i personally hate eating while walking , but i sure love d\u00f6ner . 
  okay , so part of this is because of the actual position of germany in the eu : it 's the most powerful country within it , spends the most , does the most . 
  it 's the heart of the organisation of the eu and thus has a lot of power over it . 
  part of it is because of a `` flanderization '' of this : people assume that because germany is so hugely important in the eu , merkel must hold power over it . 
  and while the german political apparatus and the chancellor by extension * do * have influence over it , more so than most other member nations , it 's far from the clear cut dictatorship many want to make it out to be . 
  well , if they had started fining after 130 times , i guess we 'd be asking the same question . 
  well , as others have asked - what languages are you good at ? 
  what western languages have you studied ? 
  germany would probably take a good translator gladly . 
  huh , that 'd make sense . 
  interesting . 
  i feel massively uncomfortable about it whenever i encounter it on reddit , because it is such a pervasive misconception . 
  i mean , r/news and r/worldnews now periodically upvote comments that basically spew clash-of-cultures-level bullshit . 
  it 's like the last fifty years of progress have n't really registered . 
  of course there is some truth in it - there always is . 
  but our situation has been twisted in foreign media , oftentimes to make a point about their respective domestic politics . 
  that 's how you get people like trump saying that the people of europe `` yearn for freedom from socialism '' when literally almost every single party in germany is socialist in some way . 
  thing is , all of this is way overblown . 
  it 's an age-old tradition to call the end of western civilisation whenever anything remotely uncomfortable happens . 
  however , i really dislike that nationalists , racists and other ... parties i disagree with use that foreign misconception to influence our domestic politics . 
  it 's this weird circle of bullshit that feeds hate everywhere . 
  weirdly enough , all the british exchange students told me we germans stare a lot . 
  like , on the street . 
  i still ca n't see it , but it 's been so consistently told that i have to believe it . 
  so yeah , i guess we really stare a lot ? 
  oh , also the british have this weird one-sided rivalry going on with us . 
  they define a lot of their soccer success through how well they do against us and seem to assume we are the same , when we actually really care about the netherlands . 
  qi actually made a segment about that . 
  i mean , there more options than `` fake '' or `` real '' . 
  maybe it started out as a real conspiracy against him , but he found out and let it foster to get as many names as possible , explaining the apparently prepared lists that have been found . 
  or maybe he only found it last minute and decided to use it . 
  or he started it goldstein-style to catch his enemies and it grew out of proportion , leading to the attempt . 
  we have no idea and we may very well never find out . 
  it sure does look very convenient , but it may just have been luck on his side . 
  shamus young 's diecast ( hosted on twentysided ) and the co-optional podcast lead by totalbiscuit . 
  both are about videogames , both are hilarious and both are pretty frequent . 
  i do n't understand why this question has been downvoted to oblivion despite being completely innocent and the answers being respectful . 
  anti-russian jokes are relatively par for the course , but actual anti-russian sentiment is mostly found with the old . 
  anti-chinese humour is almost unheard of , apart from the typical kid-jokes about eating dogs and rice . 
  anti-american jokes are n't really popular in the mainstream . 
  anti-american sentiment is , however . 
  in university culture and kabarett , poetry slams and the like , america is a prime target , of course . 
  i have n't been there myself , but i know tons of people that have . 
  they all loved it , but i 'm not sure how big or organized it is . 
  i probably got a sip of wine or beer at some point when i was little , but i do n't remember . 
  i started drinking beer with friends at parties from 15 onwards and my first liquor was probably at 16 ( vodka with waldmeister - do n't know what that flavour is in other languages ) . 
  i was pretty careful with it overall , apart from a few irresponsible benders at about 18-19 . 
  not at all . 
  feels pretty damn good . 
  just two days ago my girlfriend suddenly vomited and was in extreme pain and we just called the ambulance right away - i know some of my friends in america that shy away from that due to the potential cost . 
  oh yeah , gamescon definitely has my vote . 
  very well organized , most of the time .
