  other than that , german boardgames and roleplaying conventions are killer in general . 
  native : german others : english - fluent , french - very little places i 'd rather not go due to the language barrier ? 
  ooookay , jokes aside , i 'd be pretty okay with at least vacationing anywhere within europe - pretty much any big tourism-space has english translations and people mostly know at least a few critical expressions . 
  fakes are much harder to get here , and the punishment is much harsher . 
  i implore you to not try your luck with this - while in america , most bartenders and bouncers will just take your fake and shoo you off , here you will almost definitely be talking to the police if you get caught . 
  i pretty much know only two kinds of people : those that think it 's a necessary inconvenience to keep russia off our backs and those that think it 's actively harmful sabre-rattling . 
  nobody really holds a great view about it . 
  on a related note , the church in my hometown in germany just randomly rings the bells sometimes at completely irregular times . 
  what is up with that ? 
  i 'm not english , so i ca n't really say . 
  it 's definitely not in germany , poland and france , from my experience . 
  i 'd say while i consider it a huge loss , it might at least make it a bit easier to pass resolutions now . 
  the uk has always been heavily against the eu and having an anti-eu member in the eu means a lot of discontent . 
  the fact that the uk is such a powerful nation and thus a very valuable member meant that they had significant pull and were able to `` sabotage '' a lot of efforts for a tighter union , so this stuff might get easier now . 
  on the other hand , you know , we 've lost a nuclear power , a un security council member and huge economy . 
  hard to say if that does n't have a huge impact on possible reforms . 
  in the end , i would n't hold my breath - the eu 's always been a slow , slow beast , so any significant reform will come long after the brexit - if it happens . 
  because the extreme ... reluctance of the uk to participate and it 's very unique , stand-off-ish approach to the eu meant that the eu might actually run smoother now , without the uk vetoing everything . 
  yeah , i 'll doubt they 'd even take it out of the official language list . 
  it 's the most important secondary language of many european countries . 
  eh , it 's going to be political suicide one way or another - either you 're the pm that went against the referendum , or you 're the pm who took the uk out of the eu . 
  pretty much screwed either way . 
  maybe they 'll get someone who can actually turn it into something positive for him , if they spin it right - that 's going to be hard , though . 
  germany here : there are barely anything here . 
  i do n't think people really care . 
  you might get a few looks if you 're walking through a village , since it 's so rare , but there 's really barely anything to talk about . 
  i 've never posted a question here , so that 's not really it . 
  it 's just odd , is all . 
  normally , the amounts of comments and upvotes have a stricter correlation , but here it seems the up/down ratio is skewed heavily by a few people that downvote every post . 
  you kinda stated the reason yourself : it is supposed to be abstract to stay away from any nation 's pride . 
  putting mozart or the alps on there would certainly not insult anyone , sure , but there is something idealistic and pure about not wanting symbols of any nation on the money . 
  polite small talk in office culture . 
  every e-mail contains at least some of it , asking how the kids are and the like . 
  a mail simply saying `` can you please send me these reports asap , thanks '' is seen as angry and rude in america . 
  eh , it 's just a movie , and a very simple one at that . 
  i 'm not offended by it , it 's pretty par for the course in terms of overdone patriotism . 
  the thing that makes me uncomfortable is that so many would agree with it . 
  while germans did have a large influence on those professions , meaning a lot of stuff is named after them or a borrowed word from german , it 's really not enough to make it easier by learning german . 
  so i 'd say learn french - you already find it easier . 
  i find some of your post to be a bit misleading . 
  i 'll go through it , but i want to make clear that this is meant as constructive criticism , i 'm not shitting on you - you have a very valid and important question . 
  sidenote : nitpick , but people normally do n't debate if turkey is in the * geographical * europe . 
  of course turkey is geographically partially in europe by most definitions , but that 's not really what people care about . 
  article 14 : almost no-one is against refugees coming here , people fleeing from persecution . 
  the difference lies in the definition of persecution . 
  i personally am pro-immigration and for open borders , but it 's important to understand the other side : people are angry that * economic * refugees are let in . 
  the vast majority of people in this immigration wave is * not * from syria , and that 's what people take issue with . 
  article 26 : that is a very idealistic interpretation of it . 
  the state very much dictates what education is seen as valid , and * you * probably do n't want that freedom going too far , either . 
  the state codifies what kinds of schools exist , how these paths can be taken , what the requirements are and to what qualifications they lead - parents already have a very limited right to choose the kind of education their children receive , in that regard , and for good reason . 
  the education system is a complex issue , but it has to be clear that parents never had and should n't have absolute and free control over education , and that this article does not grant that freedom . 
  otherwise , every nation would have to introduce homeschooling , for example . 
  wow , i did not expect more than half of the entire nation to wear glasses . 
  to add to this , firefighters are generally seen in a very positive light , but not quite as strongly as it is the case in the us . 
  there 's also a big distinction in people 's minds when it comes to the two kinds of firefighters in germany - the voluntary fighters and the `` proper '' institution . 
  i do n't think anyone i know thinks that the brexit is good for any party involved . 
  let them go through with the procedure , things like this need time . 
  the negotiations need to happen for both sides . 
  you can not rush these things . 
  two , three years . 
  that 's how this works . 
  no matter how much resentment you seem to hqve against the uk , international relations move at a more glacial pace , and two years is actually pretty fast . 
  and hey , maybe they never invoke article 50 . 
  maybe they have a second referendum . 
  they 've got stuff to figure out we 've got deals to suss out . 
  sure , do n't draw it out , but let 's not be exactly as stupid and vengeful as the brexiters believe us to be . 
  you do n't win a divorce by being cruel , you win it by living well and graceful without them . 
  maybe you should realize that the internet is n't just made up of canadians and americans . 
  it 's common courtesy to explain or avoid terms large parts of your audience will not understand . 
  i would n't tell you about stvo without explaining the acronym , either . 
  pretty much everything has translated versions making up the bulk of the market . 
  i 'm going to talk about germany - some european countries are the same , some are n't . 
  videogames : many have more than one language setting anyway , but if it does n't , you 'll have to import it . 
  cinema : everything in german unless you specifically seek out an original language showing . 
  most cities have at least one cinema showing these . 
  movies ( dvds ) : almost all have german and english settings , often more . 
  in general , it is wise to offer media with many selectable languages in europe , since you then do n't have to make a version for each country . 
  german videogames are normally released worldide if they are aa or aaa - fantasy and simulation games , mostly . 
  i 'm sure plenty smaller ones never leave the country . 
  well , it is n't just high minded idealism , though . 
  the pragmatic reason is that freedom of labour only works if everyone does it , the eu 's insistence on it is absolutely also meant to say `` you do n't get to pick and choose '' . 
  that sounds a lot less like a question and a lot more like you just wanting to complain about something . 
  germans got on the techno-craze early and we 're still going hard . 
  having a nice , big tv is often a point of understated pride . 
  samsung in general has a big foothold here , in everything they produce . 
  apple cellphones are seen as a valid alternative , but apple computers are pretty much only ever seen as machines of bureaucracy , rarely spotted outside a place of work . 
  the console market is pretty generic : sure , we did n't go through the videogame crash , but we still pretty much focus on ps , xbox and nintendo , with the ps line winning out overall ( we 're also the most boring people on earth , considering we 're basically keeping the `` job simulator '' genre alive singlehandedly ) . 
  laptops and pcs are from a wide variety of manufacturers - pretty even market , as far as i can tell . 
  german here : we all hate the bureaucracy , but are generally on board with the idea . 
  sure , the lower income class will always have some populist crap to say about it - how we pay for everyone , how we should get out of the euro because `` it made things more expensive '' . 
  but in general nobody wants to miss the `` borderless borders '' , not having to exchange currency , freely studying in other countries . 
  the community . 
  the fact that it is also the only way for most european nations to actually stand up to larger superpowers is also very convincing . 
  the average person probably would n't want it unless they dream of having that one business idea or something along those lines . 
  most people seem aware that the proletariat does n't have a great life in the us . 
  i actually ask that question a lot and normally hear `` only if i had to to get the job of my dreams '' . 
  probably one language , but not more . 
  i enjoy having a window into another culture - one untinted by translation . 
  but i am not one of those people that learn languages easily outside of childhood , it would be bery hard for me to pick up a new language right now . 
  so i assume i would n't bother after learning one other language .
