  except civil wars can make regions unsafe for much longer - kosovo , for example . 
  i am not just talking about wars from the moment they are declared to the moment an armistice is signed . 
  but let 's use your example - do you think that jewish refugees should have been deported back to poland and germany after wwii ? 
  sidenote : what exactly do you think is a `` sane country '' ? 
  except the us also takes in refugees , it gives asylum to people from regions where their human rights are n't guaranteed . 
  also , putting the burden of proof on the people * that ca n't get a passport because they are fleeing from an oppressive regime/a conflict region * shows an astounding lack of logic . 
  yup , great , calling for anyone without a passport to be held in detention until they `` confess '' whatever you want to hear . 
  this conversation is over , it 's pointless to talk to people like you . 
  i never claimed that fraud does n't happen , the point is that you either have to exclude all people without passports ( which excludes a good deal of legitimate refugees ) or you have to include a few fraudulent applications from people that chucked theirs . 
  i do n't think the general consensus is `` the geneva convention is wrong '' . 
  also , appeal to popularity does n't justify anything . 
  oh great , `` pathetic constitution '' , says the guy that does n't know a word of it . 
  okay , great , you think most jews should n't have been let in and saved from genocide . 
  i think we 're done here . 
  you can repeat yourself , but the fact that you can say  i really hope you do not believe that my unfamiliarity with it somehow has a negative effect on the legitimacy of my original argument with a straight face without hesitation tells me all i need to know . 
  needless to say , yes , the legitimacy of your argument is severely impacted by the fact * you admittedly have no idea what you 're talking about * . 
  read a book . 
  yes . 
  i am not denying that , i 'm saying that is a drawback we have to accept because there is no alternative that would n't include refusing many legitimate refugees . 
  you do n't even know the geneva convention !, 
  how can you claim to know what is causing your problems when you ca n't even be bothered to spend 10 minutes reading one of the most important international agreements on earth ? 
  and you can keep your badly thought out attempt at a numbers example , together with your pointlessly reductionist `` us vs. them '' philosophy . 
  you literally just said it 's better for 900000 people to be killed than to be accepted into a different culture . 
  no , of course not . 
  because their country of origin is not safe . 
  that 's why they are refugees . 
  and it becoming safe can take decades , at which point it is asinine to uproot them to deport them . 
  none of the problems you are talking about would be solved by this . 
  okay , so we 're talking specifically only about refugees ? 
  where are they supposed to go , exactly ? 
  where do you deport them to when their temporary permit is over ? 
  the entire point of having a policy for legitimate refugees is to give them a place because their human rights are otherwise not guaranteed . 
  of course you do n't care . 
  you criticise something on the grounds that you kinda think maybe there is something wrong with it . 
  great . 
  how can you say it 's the geneva convention that is a problem when you do n't even know a bare-bones summary of it ? 
  no , the problem is that since you do n't even know what 's wrong , you ca n't propose any solution - you ca n't even allege that something * is * wrong at all . 
  you 're blaming things you do n't know anything about . 
  and that last paragraph takes the cake . 
  i can at least understand those arguing against immigration , but are you really arguing against letting in refugees from legitimate conflict regions and oppressive regimes ? 
  do you believe the us should not have taken in jewish refugees while nazi germany was around ? 
  the fact that your entire argument is `` i do n't know and i do n't care '' tells me your opinion is completely irrelevant and irrational in this . 
  okay , so zero immigration from anywhere ever ? 
  that is an unreasonable stance . 
  to not allow some freedom of movement to labour is the death of modern economy . 
  alright . 
  so how do you judge the opinions of people before they are let in ? 
  keep in mind it has to be extremely cheap and consume no time . 
  also , who gets to dictate exactly what political values are okay ? 
  the government ? 
  huge perverse incentive there . 
  okay , so you do n't actually know what our constitution or the geneva convention says . 
  i am not surprised . 
  well , i 'll walk you through an example . 
  one of the inherent problems is that people without a passport are sort of unsolvable . 
  if you turn all of them away , you mostly turn away legitimate refugees - people from conflict regions or oppressive regimes often ca n't get a passport . 
  you ca n't really background check them that much - that 's not just costly , but often impossible since you do n't even know where to start looking . 
  it 's fundamentally a problem that can not be solved : either turn away tons of legitimate refugees or let some people without passports in . 
  not to confirm godwin 's law , but let 's look at a historic situation : jewish citizens under nazi germany 's oppression could n't normally acquire passports . 
  this is one of the reasons the western world has basically decided to err on the side of openness . 
  so you 're not able to point to anything concrete ? 
  you 're just saying `` there has to be a better solution because i do n't like the way it is '' ? 
  could it not possibly be that there are problems inherent in a system that ca n't be solved ? 
  okay , so now we should somehow judge what opinions people hold before we let them in ? 
  the process to attain citizenship is long . 
  they are not a foreign element here after learning german , finding work and living here for years . 
  considering people from conflict regions and oppressive regimes often ca n't acquire a passport , that would defeat the point of letting in legitimate refugees . 
  please , point out to me , exactly , which part would be changed . 
  no , you can not . 
  please , actually read up on it - many people from conflict regions arrive without passports , which is why we ca n't just assume anyone without one is criminal . 
  really ? 
  he simply said that there are a lot of racist comments on reddit . 
  i think that can be believed without verifying his definition of racism fits yours . 
  while everyone is at least somewhat disgruntled with her , she is centrist wishy-washy . 
  considering our options this time around are very limited , i 'd rather have her at the helm than the alternatives . 
  and i 'm saying that as an ardent , caustic critic of merkel . 
  you can always count on her being the non-committal lesser evil . 
  if that is the only solution you can think of , you should think again . 
  this is not the first migration wave from a different culture . 
  there are solutions . 
  they require money and dedication , though . 
  ... you do realize germany is n't some dictator that forced whatever your country is into schengen and the freedom of movement agreements ? 
  and at that point they are citizens whose opinion should be represented . 
  keep in mind that to obtain citizenship , they have to speak german and have found work . 
  alright , propose a change to it . 
  it 's a pretty complex matter , i doubt very much that you can actually make the argument that they should reasonably be changed . 
  okay , could you actually point out where the flaw in the constitution and the geneva convention lies ? 
  or are you just saying `` i disagree with it so it has to be wrong '' ? 
  you ca n't vet immigrants like that . 
  that is simply not logistically possible , not even before the migration wave hit . 
  that 's not how things work . 
  you also ca n't deport anyone when you do n't actually know where they 're from due to a lack of passport . 
  that 's not really a problem that can be solved . 
  considering she was talking about the attacks in general and not specifically the attacks by radical islamists , that seems pretty appropriate . 
  the shooting in munich sure was n't caused by islamist fundamentalism . 
  wow what a good point !, 
  great argument , you convinced me . 
  pfff , as much as we may be known for being bureaucratic sticklers , fire regulations are never controlled often enough . 
  times between inspections can become extremely long . 
  no , the salafist mosques are n't responding to demographic change , they are trying to create it .
