  it 's an actually well written , somewhat balanced article . 
  shame the headline is so clickbaity and fearmongering . 
  source ? 
  well maybe instead of going by `` what you 've heard '' , you could look into the situation and understand it . 
  then you 'd know if the 70 % stuff is correct , and you 'd know if they publicise these figures . 
   furthermore , sex is really , really easy to get . 
  no reason to rape unless you 're really ugly . 
  but really ugly people here get emotionally destroyed from all the bullying so i doubt many would have the guts to attack someone . 
  this shows you do not understand how rape comes to be , at all . 
  and i am explaining how the situation in that anecdote came to be . 
  i did n't mean to sound attacking . 
  while i have no opinion as to how well farmers are off , big houses really are n't an argument one way or another : property in the countryside is much cheaper , and many existing buildings are old , big `` mansions '' . 
  these are not rich-man 's - housing . 
   sorry but leaving the eu does n't mean ** the uk can tell the rest of europe ** to fuck off and we 're going to fish wherever we like for how much we like in the uk 's eez . 
  sorry , but his grammar really does n't imply that . 
  he quite clearly meant the uk . 
  at no point does this ever imply the eu or europe do anything in this sentence . 
  edit : my phone is n't letting me bold properly , it seems . 
  what ? 
  he said * the uk * fishing in the * uk eez * . 
  it 's like a british trump supporter . 
  well , i guess that describes much of the leave campaign pretty well . 
  sure , but that does n't change the situation . 
  `` if our country was radically different , our economy would be different '' does n't mean much . 
  you seem to be criticising a mistake he did n't make . 
  he never even implied that negotiating quotas would give access to an eez . 
  oh yeah , you 'll really show those five women wearing burkas who 's the boss . 
  sure , this will somehow make us safer . 
  trenchcoat ? 
  completely okay . 
  trenchcoat with hood ? 
  yup . 
  you can hide the same things underneath that , but hey , you got ta give the people the feeling you 're doing something for their safety . 
  this is helping no-one and is just going to cause outrage and backlash . 
  this is a step backwards . 
  that is very different from the german perception of merkel . 
  around here , she 's generally seen as non-commital , middle of the road , saying whatever she needs to say in the least controversial manner possible . 
  that must have been the worst attempt at that `` islam is the religion of pieces '' r/the _ donald joke i have ever seen . 
  i do n't think you quite understood my last comment . 
  i care too much about my time to waste it explaining the obvious to you . 
  yes , yes , in a proper debate i would have to show proof for anything i say . 
  i am not saying the burden of proof is n't on me . 
  i 'm saying i do n't care enough about this conversation to invest the necessary time , and i 'm saying you 'd do the same if someone claimed the sky is n't blue ( or something equally ridiculous ) - sure , sure , technically you would have to prove that the sky is blue , but who gives a shit about proving the obvious to some internet rando who is being deliberately contrarian ? 
  so if you want to claim debate victory because i wo n't `` prove '' every little thing to you , sure , go ahead . 
  you have proven to not have anything interesting to say , so i do n't really care . 
  yup , anyone with an opinion you do n't like has to be the enemy , aka `` leftists '' . 
  your username is accurate , i suppose . 
  i think it 's pretty healthy to be sceptical of all news sources , but especially the ones that are very blatantly propaganda outlets . 
  t\u00fctensuppen sind alternativlos . 
  well you know , we ... like ... we 're still smarter than you , island monkey !, 
  yeah , because i also do n't have to make an argument that the sky is blue . 
  i do n't owe you an argument . 
  this is internet conversation , not science - i do n't have to spend time explaining the most commonly accepted facts to you and proving them . 
  europe has a broader european culture , anyone denying that is n't worth talking to . 
  the fact that you are on r/europe makes your position even more laughable . 
  if you truly believe that europe has no shared culture , there is nothing to be gained from talking to you . 
  i 'm saying that having a tiny part of turkey geographically in europe means nothing for non-geographic definitions . 
  of course part of turkey is in the geographical area of europe . 
  and as you bring up yourself , russia is , too . 
  and like russia , most people would say that it 's culture and political history makes it * not-europe * when it comes to anything but geography . 
  alright , if you do n't believe there is such a thing as european culture , then this conversation is fruitless . 
  of course there is , and i do n't think anyone but you ever thought there was n't . 
  eh , probably rather europe . 
  stronger social systems and a slightly better attitude towards my chosen profession ( teaching ) . 
  iceland would be perfect for many apocalyptic events - low population density , cold weather , isolated geographically . 
  depends on what `` shit hitting the fan on a global scale '' means . 
  america is better off with all the guns . 
  in most other instances , though , i 'd rather stick with europe . 
  the thing is , i do n't have to debate every nutjob . 
  and if you believe it 's better for 900000 people to be killed than to be accepted into a different culture , you are a nutjob . 
  i am not interested in talking to you : you are too far gone to be convinced , and you have nothing to offer in a conversation . 
   you too sensitive and can not give your own argument to what i say . 
  the problem is that you do n't have an argument . 
  you admit that you have no idea what you 're even trying to talk about . 
  how could i have a discussion with someone that admittedly does n't even know what he 's talking about ? 
  no , just because something is geographically part of europe ( in a small part ) , it should not automatically be considered part of europe in all ways . 
  you believe there is no broader european culture ? 
  and no , i did n't mean europe as a political entity , i meant that europe has a shared political history that turkey , depending on how you qualify it , is n't necessarily part of . 
  except tons of them * did n't * have passports , which was my point . 
  you misread my comment . 
  ... and the jewish citizens of germany and poland were citizens of germany and poland and thus had their own countries . 
  literally anybody coming from an oppressive regime or a conflict region `` has their own country '' , because * that 's where they just came from * . 
  okay . 
  so , let 's take out your proposed system for a spin . 
  all the jewish people fleeing from nazi germany to the us without a passport ? 
  denied . 
  great system . 
  of course there are fakers . 
  but we , as a society , have decided on `` innocent until proven otherwise '' and `` err on the side of life '' for a reason . 
  and what type of year ? 
  have you actually read the numbers ? 
  this is a drop in the bucket that 's being exaggerated by media . 
  and considering i live in germany , i think i know best that your appeal-to-emotion about how germany is turning into an `` immigrant dominated '' slum is ridiculous . 
  they screen them as much as they have time and possibility to do . 
  you ca n't screen much of a refugee that does n't have any documents . 
  a solution like israel is impossible for all these diverse situations . 
  you ca n't make a new country for each refugee group . 
  that misunderstands the nature of these conflicts . 
  i am not saying we ca n't do anything against * specific organisations * , i am saying it is idiotic to cut off all funding for all religions from outside . 
  literally all organised religions function this way .
