  they did n't spring up in response to people wanting them , they are specifically established ( and get money pumped into them ) to convert . 
  the line between instigation and free speech is very fine . 
  no matter when the state comes in , someone is going to call it censoring . 
  i can absolutely understand the government wanting to be very careful about it . 
  ah yes , because we all know that harsh sentences without the aim of rehabilitation work out * so well * . 
  while i agree with your overall point , i do want to criticise your insistence that turkey is part of europe . 
  that depends entirely what kind of europe we are talking about ( geographical , cultural , political ) and is not nearly as clear-cut and objective as you make it out to be . 
  the question is more `` how is the state supposed to check if someone should be let in '' . 
  of course they can just say `` no '' , the problem is that it 's prohibitively costly in most cases to do that research before allowing them in . 
  now to the other stuff . 
  it is absolutely nonsensical to make it illegal for religion to be funded from outside the country . 
  that 's how literally any organized religion in germany works , including catholicism , for example . 
  you are comparing religious organisations to political parties , which is not a very good comparison - they are more akin to corporations . 
  and your plan to require accreditation courses betrays a shocking lack of understanding for how organized religion functions . 
  i 'm all for being critical of religion and for maintaining a strict neutrality of the state in religious matters , but trying to disrupt the functioning of literally all organized religion in germany to annoy the salafists a little is pretty bone-headed . 
  * radical islamists edit : why do i even bother , it 's the internet . 
  no nuance to be found here . 
  hundreds of thousands of peaceful muslims , but hey , sure , go ahead , pretend all of islam is isis . 
  actually , you have n't left yet , not for a long time . 
  and it 's only pragmatic for the eu to pursue the best deal for them , just like the uk will do the same . 
   i love how you both are swallowing ah yes , from me criticising your inability to have a rational argument you somehow know exactly what i believe !, 
  incredible . 
  i do n't give a shit about you being `` a meanie '' , i give a shit about the fact that you ca n't hold an argument and ca n't take part in a discussion without devolving into a name-calling child . 
  people like you turn others away from discussion . 
  you 're actively degrading the quality of discussion by being hostile for no other reason than to insult . 
  so if you are incapable of staying calm and civil , maybe just stop trying to participate in grown-up conversation . 
  while i very much disagree with op , your childish name-calling is uncalled for and frankly reflects poorly on you . 
  it 's our grand plan !, 
  we define our borders by rivers and then slowly geo-engineer those rivers to go farther out !, 
  wait till we get a hold of the mississippi !, 
  that 's completely up in the air right now . 
  they definitely want to transition into the economic union ( and i doubt there are many hindrances to that , everybody wants them in that , at least ) , but we do n't really know if they want to have a deal similar to norway ( which they might not get ) . 
  while i personally find this whole `` let 's be vengeful '' bullshit to be really bad , you do have to excuse it a little - the uk has basically been an ass about the eu since forever . 
  and you do n't seem to understand that literally no-one of us has anything to do with the holocaust , that our entire nation 's culture is geared towards awareness and prevention of it and that by turning our culture completely around , people * have * changed . 
  in your mind , it does n't matter what i say or do , all of us germans are guilty and should be ashamed and are exactly the same as the nazis , and any disagreement with israel is somehow founded in anti-semitism . 
  that is not a rational position to have . 
  you want germany to blindly follow whatever you say without thinking , and * we 've kinda had that before * . 
  conversation over . 
  edit : also , nice job deleting your comments when you behaved stupidly without acknowledging it . 
  i 'm not labeling jews extremists . 
  i am labelling * you * an extremist . 
  big difference . 
  you know nothing of modern germany . 
  a good chunk of our education is focused on exactly that part of history . 
  i am not objecting to it being taught - quite the contrary - but what you apparently ca n't understand is that i am * objecting to your lumping in modern germany with nazi germany * . 
  we are not these people , and you claiming that we should all be ashamed and guilty for something we had literally nothing to do with and which we have done all to make it up is disgusting . 
  your constant attempt at shaming and guilting me for something committed by people i have nothing to do with , could not have changed and was done in a different nation entirely shows just how pathetic your rhetoric is : it is entirely built around misidentifying any position you dislike as anti-semitism , nay , outright holocaust denial . 
  i oppose people like you not because they are jewish , but because they are insane , just like i oppose neo-nazis , holocaust deniers and others . 
  we have made up . 
  no one is alive from that time . 
  we are a different country in every way . 
  if you actually believe that `` germans do n't care '' about their historic mission , you are deluded and have n't been to germany . 
  your idea of the german historic mission is `` support whatever israel wants , no matter how wrong '' . 
  my idea of the mission is `` guarding against extremism and racism '' . 
  oh and that video ? 
  screw you . 
  you might as well be a troll . 
  you are completely incapable of understanding that germany is not nazi germany . 
  you believe we have to drown in apologism for something we had nothing to do with . 
  either you are a relatively subtle troll or a poor excuse for a rational human being . 
  have fun comparing anyone even somewhat critical of israel to the nazis , extremist . 
  you seriously think `` not agreeing with israel and supporting it in everything '' is a mistake of history that is being repeated ? 
  oh yeah , what a great strawman . 
  please , show me where the normal german population somehow unduly blames israel . 
  i think you did n't quite get it . 
  we are n't failing our historic mission , and our historic mission is * not * to be nice to you , or to `` make up '' for anything . 
  you are the prime example for both problems we have discussed : that some supporters of israel think * anything * not violently pro-israel is somehow anti-semitic , and that you use the accusation of anti-semitism as a tool to discredit any discourse you dislike . 
  bonus points for drawing no line between israel and jews . 
  there are german jews , and there are non-jewish citizens of israel , but in your mind apparently anything not pro-israel is somehow against jews . 
  the fact that i actually read it ? 
  also , the fact that i read modern discourse about the quran and its interpretation in contemporary muslim culture ? 
  i am not an expert , but i do know that `` well this one part of the quran says bad things '' is n't exactly an educated argument against it . 
  cool it on the google translate . 
  oh great , someone that thinks that modern germans should be ashamed for something they did n't do . 
  no , i should n't be ashamed , because basically no-one who had anything to do with the holocaust is still alive . 
  my countries mission is to not let the mistakes of history be repeated . 
  my countries mission is n't to be ashamed . 
  also , i did n't say that paranoia does n't have a reason . 
  that does n't make it any more right . 
  great strawman . 
  no , the point is that the way they are presented and interpreted can show definite bias . 
  you would n't trust a neo-nazi website about genetics either , right ? 
  you are absolutely free to link to actual statistics . 
  data . 
  but i wo n't bother watching a youtube video by a known islamophobic propaganda outlet . 
  again : religions are normally not absolutely literal interpretations of their scripture , and your frankly very basic interpretation of the quran is not what most muslims see in it . 
  but okay , let 's take the torah then . 
  lots of calls for violence , archaic laws and punishments and other good stuff in there . 
  ... you should research your sources a little bit more . 
  i do n't even have to watch the video , the clarion project is an anti-muslim propaganda block widely known to have an agenda . 
  they 're also the geniuses that provided the `` anti-terror expert '' of fox news that turned out to be so full of shit , if i recall correctly . 
  if they ban d\u00f6ner , i 'm fucking leaving . 
  it 's bild - they 'd sell their own mothers into prostitution if it meant a juicier headline . 
  okay , then let 's use the torah as an example . 
  same argument . 
  there is also a difference between christians and `` cultural christians '' . 
  moderate muslims ( and `` cultural muslims '' ) also do n't use the quran as their political guidebook . 
  and now actually control for population size , otherwise that 's pretty meaningless . 
  so does the old testament . 
  religions are normally not absolutely literal interpretations of their scripture .
