my dutch google suggestion for italy : ( why is italy ) popular, 
  currently living in america ? 
  avoid moroccan taxi drivers , always been a scam in amsterdam , but they got even more aggressive after uber came . 
  if you build a big wall along the border with usa . 
  and put trump in big letters on it , i guess you can get away with mexico . 
  but not texas , that will attract too much attention . 
  you know usa does n't like it . 
  i 'll tattle on you if you take vietnam . 
  you were n't supposed to start british empire 2.0 till the eu referendum was finished . 
  what do the swedish media show about this ? 
  fake , [ real video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_qan0h82gm ), 
   i would 've to agree , but it was mentioned once or twice by people who were worried . 
  i personally do n't really care either way . 
  that is the point . 
  it is unknown what has to be changed to turn a no into a yes . 
  there are 2 options i would like to see . 
  do n't ratify at all . 
  change it and offer a new referendum for this treaty . 
  i hope he will , i 'm afraid he 's going to delay it till after the british referendum and then silently ratify it . 
  time to call a referendum and force the government to sign it . 
  til not willing to sign a treaty is the same as fucking someone over . 
  this is interesting , in my neighborhood it 's quite the opposite . 
  the ones voting against had the treaty in mind . 
  ones voting ` in favour ' were doing it because politicians should decide on the treaty or the argument a ` against ' would makes us look like fools in europe . 
  must note that the disgusting eu attitude is going around a lot here . 
  in my case with any article that was open for interpretation , and there were several of those . 
  i would interpret those in the ` worst ' possible way . 
  when i read the treaty i really went over the treaty like `` how are they going to fuck me over this time ? 
  the sole reason some yes-voters stayed home was because the against camp was a lot bigger . 
  that was clear from the outset , that 's when some started to encourage others to not vote to get below the 30 % threshold . 
  you 're right that the 30 % is clearly bullshit . 
  it creates a situation where staying home can have the desired outcome , that should never happen . 
  it was the effect of a clusterfuck between government parties and other parties , a majority in the senate was needed , which lead to this bizarre compromise . 
  second greece in regards of economic situation , which is n't good in ukraine . 
  ukraine can call on eu financial help ( like greece did ) if this treaty passes . 
  you ca n't referendum laws that have entered into operation , you can only call a referendum for new laws . 
  the referendum law has entered into action . 
  ( otherwise you were n't able to call a referendum ) there 's a period after passing a new law when you can call a referendum , law/treaty is not valid till that period has passed . 
  deathleach is wrong about this . 
  is that good or bad ? 
  i recall belgium was doing great when it lacked a government . 
  is there proof for actual cheating ? 
  ( like rigging votes ), 
  yesterday was better . 
  plan succeeded . 
  left parties will also join islam and start prosecuting anyone that does n't strictly follow the sharia . 
  maybe we 're infiltrated by american spies , hiding those articles . 
  normally around 2,4 billion yearly . 
  but from a different eu institutions and not in this graph . 
  not counting the money with that refugee deal . 
  how did the eu ` break ' ukraine ? 
  i do think this . 
   enriches an oligarchic economy where large sectors of the economy 's wealth are siphoned off into offshore trusts contributes to deindustrialising ukraine , because its industrial producers will struggle to meet eu standards and lack sufficient capital and technology to compete with eu multinationals reinforces a ukrainian economy based on agro-exports and raw commodities , with less value-added benefits for the population harms ukraine 's critical small business sector that constitutes 99.8 % of all ukrainian enterprises and accounts for 67.8 % of employment new jobs created by eu investments are unlikely to compensate for losses by ukraine 's domestic business sector and eu investors will exploit ukraine 's lower and frequently unenforced social and environmental standards contribute to the ongoing brain drain as highly educated workers migrate to the eu . 
  between one third and one quarter of the ukrainian work force is currently already working abroad source ; http://download.omroep.nl/nos/docs/300316_tni_oekraine.pdf, 
  it 's in what perspective you see it . 
  ukraine would be able to export goods to the eu before having the same regulations . 
  even when same regulations would be implemented ( which still has to happen ) , it may take a while due to corruption , might even not happen at all , that ukraine would adhere to the regulations . 
  similar to ttip in a way , as that products from the us may be shipped to the eu without following eu regulations . 
  i look at the party program of the parties in government and look what they actually do . 
  does n't match in the slightest , the fuck . 
  past governments have the same idea , it seems every mainstream party is a populist party who does n't care about keeping promises , just wants to get elected . 
  non-mainstream parties might be the same , but they have n't had the chance to mess up yet . 
  with something like the recent immigration it gets more obvious to the public the government does n't deliver and start voting something else . 
  it 's not against human rights to send people with a rejected asylum request back . 
  it does actually increase growth and job creation . 
  but it 's an broken window fallacy . 
  more jobs are created to clean up the mess . 
  time to change those silly rules . 
  what did microsoft do ? 
  no , i would n't get him arrested as that would be silly . 
  he did nothing wrong . 
  muslims have been made out of glass for quite a while . 
  i have no interest in a ( anglophere ) ttip . 
  they do see the migration as a [ solution ] ( http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/migration/migration.htm ) and not as a problem . 
  they 've tried their best and succeeded to keep immigration coming in the last decades . 
  i got the information about the radar stations from the investigation report . 
  yes you are completely right , how could i miss that . 
  2 radar stations had technical reasons and another was down for maintenance , which you optimally when neighbor radars are broken . 
  also this was not contacted at the time towards eurocontrol , good , those bastards normally demand to be kept up to date at all time for some reason . 
  it was time someone did n't . 
  the military radar was off , because there was no need for them to be on . 
  i 'm curious , why ukraine did n't give radar data in the mh17 case . 
  what 's the perspective the ukrainian news gives about that ? 
  that 's a good quote for the military cooperation . 
  although cooperation carried out in the framework of csdp implies mutual defense . 
  i do n't intend to say that ukraine would suddenly be defacto part of the nato . 
  the financial support is regardless the real issue . 
  the netherlands already subsidized ukrainian oligarchs with a billion through the imf and the eu . 
  it would be a pity if we give them more . 
  ukrainian oligarchs store quite some cash in the eu in order for tax avoidance . 
  it would be such a joy if instead of this treaty we got something that would stop that . 
  sadly i doubt the ukrainian or eu would try anything like that . 
  if it would go to court , the court will decide if the treaty is an exception . 
  but the government can dress the treaty so it 'll fit in the article . 
  i think that might be done by avoid calling the kingdom of the netherlands as a party in it , and make it solely an eu treaty . 
  you ca n't collect signatures for every law/treaty passed . 
  there are exceptions . 
  in this case ttip may fall under http://wetten.overheid.nl/bwbr0036443/2015-07-01 article 5e, 
  do you mean ` cooperation agreement ' , as any ` association agreement ' with syria was never ratified ? 
  we have a [ cooperation agreement ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:31997d0800 ) with russia and even [ one ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:31998d0149 ) with ukraine .
