the problem is that it just keeps happening . 
  there has been some straight up conspiracy level shit pulled in the uk lately ( the whole muslim school fiasco being one ) that really start to make people realize there is a problem . 
  this is n't really that isolated of an incident . 
  the problem is that giving it to those movements generally does n't do that much . 
  if it lasted for lifetimes we wouldnt be having issues considering how much money the us/eu throw at africa as a whole . 
  $ 10 mil might not be that much , but at least france will actually use it for some sort of measurable result . 
   but then we actually kick some terrorist ass , we suddenly are evil warmongerers nostalgic of colonialism . 
  hey , at least the asskicking part made lots of americans like you !, 
  to be fair literally everyone does the airplanes testing border response times thing . 
  the us keeps flying bombers through that chinese `` air monitor '' zone ( though that is n't actually chinese territory ) without telling anyone and i 'm sure we sometimes get closer than we should . 
  japan does it , russia does it , most countries in the eu do it , etc. 
  happens quite a bit with subs too . 
  i know china shadowed one of our fleets a while back and surfaced in the middle of a training exercise . 
  sounds like dick moves , but knowing your possible opponents reaction times and responses are an important part of national security . 
  ca n't remember where i read it , but spacex is almost there . 
  nasa claimed we would be independent by ' 17 . 
  i also really do n't think russia will bring the iss into politics , but its hard to tell with the way things have been going lately . 
  [ i was going to guess industry . 
  ] ( http://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=14031 ) im also curious if `` production '' includes the amount we just flare off . 
  so did i. 
  apparently soulmates with germans and finns too . 
  finland is no surprise thanks to living there briefly and having family there ( and having some culture/ideas rub off on me , no doubt ) , but germany is a bit of a surprise . 
  yep . 
  i myself actually had a fairly positive view of russia as a country with lots of problems that was oh so slowly starting to get better . 
  this came out of the left field for those of us that were sadly ignorant of russian current events . 
  for most of us , russia was out of sight and out of mind . 
   so the question is , when will western governments have to stop pretending that it 's just russian `` supporters '' but in actuality the russian military that 's stirring shit up in the east . 
  western governments have been after russia since day one . 
  i recall one livestreamed discussion here where the uk straight up called russia 's bullshit directly ( un ? ) . 
  thats the reason for the sanctions ; if we were pretending this was an uprising then they would n't have happened . 
  most people may not agree with the western response , but in no way is the western world considering this to be anything but russian intervention . 
  i get the impression equipment and tactics have changed since then . 
  engagement ranges are longer for the helicopters and plenty of flight techniques have been implemented to avoid rpg fire even when landing . 
  this is pretty much the reason helis never stay still in the recent iraq and afghanistan wars . 
  i would think you would need to be an exceptional shot and have a bit of luck on your side to hit a heli with an rpg nowadays . 
  still work great on hovering helicopters that are n't moving too much though . 
   the fact of the matter is , the overwhelming majority of people that oppose fracking know very little about it on a technical or practical level , and are instead driven by a self-perpetuating hysteria over the issue . 
  agree with you 100 % . 
  i used to be super anti fracking . 
  now , as someone one semester from graduating with a degree in geological engineering , i take the completely opposite stance . 
  fracking is super easy for people distort the facts , just like any subject that takes a good amount of education to understand ( evolution , stem cell , lhc , nuclear power , etc ) . 
  i was thinking forcing them to wear headsets with voice jammers playing back at them . 
  at least then if they talk out they sound absolutely dumb as fuck while doing it , and we get lots of great youtube videos . 
  actually , we should implement this policy for all government debates . 
  the problem with that argument is that many of our immigrants are usually educated or have a reason to enter the country . 
  we have by far the largest immigration in the world , but its still not an easy thing to do . 
  many countries in europe , however , have an entirely different kind of immigrant coming to their shores . 
  there are very real issues with immigrants that have no plans whatsoever to integrate and come from a culture that is very , very different . 
  moreover some of these immigrants come from that special shitty brand of islam that causes local issues in the towns they settle in . 
  at least with mexicans the culture is still very much compatible with american culture . 
  moreover you are falling for this articles overly sensational headline , i think . 
  we do n't have nearly enough information to accuse the entire eu of taking peoples rights away . 
  is n't this just the standard un thing where one country gets shit on and then its a different countries turn later ? 
  kind of like the times where north korea criticized the us human rights , etc. 
  its basically because of the structure of the un , no ? 
  oh god that title alone . 
  i would be scared to go into combat with that kind of frugal training , though . 
  being shot at for real and hearing the sounds vs people yelling `` bang '' are two entirely different situations . 
  must be scary as hell for those guys . 
  wait . 
  this is joke right ? 
  i sort of rolled my eyes at your original post thinking `` of * course * they buy fucking fuel , etc '' but if things are really that bad ... yeah . 
  which is why this is surprising . 
  by capturing a reporter you increase the media attention you receive by a good amount . 
  as previous conflicts have shown , capturing reporters does n't make the reporters go away . 
  strangely enough despite all the places vice goes they do n't seem to have that big of an issue . 
  most of the extreme places they go want media attention . 
  they can get their message out to the world that way . 
  syrian rebels are a good example . 
  detaining a reporter , however , only makes your organization look bad , and a lot of these people think of themselves as the `` good guys . '', 
  from what i hear most of the issues with reporters comes from them lacking any sort of common sense and walking into firefights and shit like that . 
  taking hostages to protect yourself/secure escape is inevitable in most of those cases . 
  poland has consistently been taking good steps to end reliance on russia for the last couple of months . 
  i hope this kind of thing goes through . 
  this kind of thing is not only smart , but builds unity within the eu one little step at a time . 
  apart from keeping myself aware of news from other parts of the world , this is actually pretty much the reason i read this sub . 
  i dont know of any other sub that consistently swings between massively anti american to suddenly supportive and then back again so quickly . 
  its fascinating in a really weird way . 
  compared to worldnews , which seems to solidly remain anti us govt , / r/europe swings war more , and its interesting to see which countries do the swinging more than others and to try to measure public opinion of various issues by country . 
  i think slyratchet has the idea down , but i sort of wonder why if its mostly `` swing '' posters making comments , why would n't the downvotes follow a particular trend from those cemented in their ways ? 
  for instance if a poster makes a post supporting the roma , he will pretty much always get a low score and maybe go into the negatives . 
  but with american and russian topics , the scores swing far too much . 
  also a side note for fellow murricans : i see a lot of americans get on here and suddenly just start talking about the us in a european subreddit when its not even relevant . 
  stop doing this  :(, 
   5,500,000 million signatures , or over 1/6 of the population of poland at that time . 
  holy shit . 
  til . 
  thats insane , i did n't realize there was so much history there . 
  my two cents is that this is entire political posturing to piss off russia and has nothing to do with actual missile threats . 
  russia wo n't be firing any missiles over any borders . 
  troops are another thing entirely . 
  russia hated the whole missile defense thing and tried to get it stopped via political action , which for the most part worked if i remember correctly . 
  if we go and threaten to set it up again , it will undo what they worked for years to prevent . 
  threatening this movement is just poking russia in a way that is more likely to cause a reaction than a different method . 
  the end result is n't really the same at all though , even if you ignore the cost of installation . 
  keep in mind however my argument is about powering a country , not a home . 
  wind and solar could power small towns all day long with no issue . 
  the cost per kilowatt hr is [ double to triple ( `` estimates '' table ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cost_of_electricity_by_source ) for renewables compared to nuclear with the exception of wind and hydro , which are again limited in output based on location and ca n't put out crazy amounts of power ( hydro can , if you can afford it ) . 
  in addition the operational and maintenance costs are also higher when compared to nuclear . 
  looks like wind is supposed to get even cheaper though , which is great sign .
