  its composition varies , but it usually includes some sort of scottish fruit , e.g. 
  raspberries , brambles or blaeberries , oats soaked in whisky , whipping cream ( with a wee bit of whisky added ) and honey . 
  it 's wheat free , as far as i 'm aware . 
  i think you 're conflating england with britain ( a common enough error ) . 
  also , who is ` we ' ? 
  the english ? 
  the british ? 
  the latter have only existed since 1707 , and england was a part of the angevin empire until 1217 , a polity which comfortably straddled le manche . 
  beware of english foundation myths like the ` island mentality ' . 
   our protestantism english protestantism/anglicanism is a very different beast from presbyterianism , which was informed at an early stage by the continental tradition of calvinism , resulting in religious conflict in the 17th century ( war of the three kingdoms ) . 
   our legal system english law is primarily common law , whereas scots law is a mixed system , drawing from civil and common law . 
   the english channel is one of the most dangerous waterways in the world the sea around british isles have fostered travel as much as hindered it . 
  the irish sea was a veritable motorway during celtic christianity 's heyday , and formed the main conduit for the various goidelic and norse-goidelic kingdoms that arose in the area . 
  scotland : i like the skyline of the [ west end ] ( http://www.tumblr.com/photo/1280/fuckyeahglasgow/939070243/1/tumblr_l6ye17peyo1qa7tqt ) of glasgow . 
  it 's a bit of a shame that the rest of the city is peppered with rotting , [ stalinist blocks of flats . 
  ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/60811000/jpg/_60811885_3-collapsing-redroaddemolition-gha.jpg ) not scotland : i really like the skyline and dense urban geography of paris . 
  i do not like london , it 's too flat and i find the skyline is disjointed . 
  edit : i forgot to mention lucca !, 
  here 's a [ pic ] ( http://imgur.com/7oodeuk ) i took of lucca 's amazing , dense core . 
  ** scotland ** * we celebrated hogmanay ( new year 's eve ) . 
  there were numerous street parties ( the biggest being in edinburgh ) , and i went to my gran 's house to first-foot her . 
  to first-foot means to be the first person to enter a house in the new year , but it only guarantees good luck if the person is a dark haired adult male , bearing ( this varies by region ) a bottle of whisky , some kind of cake , and a piece of coal . 
  women , children and fair-haired adult males are not lucky ; fair hair is a sign that you are a viking , and therefore should not be admitted . 
  * someone had a [ nasty fall ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-highlands-islands-25618878 ) while climbing in the mountains . 
  * one of the main teaching unions [ voiced its concerns ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/education/teachers-voice-concerns-over-national-exams.23099914 ) about the introduction of a new exam system for secondary schools . 
  * [ a buzzard died ] ( http://www.inverness-courier.co.uk/news/police-investigating-bird-of-prey-death-03012014.htm ) in suspicious circumstances , which are being investigated by the police . 
  it 's been a bit of slow week for news . 
  i think this is how i was perceived in floridian restaurants after asking for a starter as my main course . 
  it 's not quite the same as the ` official ' gaeltacht structures found in ireland , but there 's a fair degree of government support , i.e. 
  gaelic-medium education , bbc alba , some services are available in gaelic . 
  the heartland of scottish gaelic is na h-eileanan siar and the isle of skye . 
  yes , he has a fairly standard middle-class west coast accent ( quite often a byproduct of education at the university of glasgow ) . 
  he 's quite well known for standing around looking thoughtful at various ancient monuments , his hair blowing in the wind . 
  the variety of english that really throws me is london multicultural english . 
  it sounds really odd , and i do n't understand any of the idioms or colloquial language used in it . 
  this is n't really a problem though , as i do n't spend much time hanging around with london yoofs . 
  one word that seems to throw other anglophones is * stay * . 
  for example , if you 're asking someone where they live , it 's common to say * so where do you stay ? 
  * or * where is it that you stay ? 
  hogmanay happened , so no one has fully recovered . 
  in much of scotland ( the gaidhealtachd excluded ) , the two languages are scots and scottish english , but they are mixed in almost all situations . 
  these are different again from the bbc english which most non-scots would be used to hearing ( unless they 're watching bbc scotland ) . 
  i live in glasgow , which has its own dialect ( called ` the patter ' ) , but it varies across class and geographical boundaries . 
  there 's no standard orthography for scots , afaik . 
  even people who speak mainly in scottish english will use a wide variety of characteristically scottish words , e.g. 
  the pronunciation varies very noticeably across the country . 
  example 1 : see youse , stoap fightin , or ah 'll batter the baith a yeez !, 
  * hey , you two , stop fighting , or i 'll hit both of you !, 
  * i could n't get it to stop , it was spraying water all over the place , so it was !, 
  example 2 : it 's a braw day , but the forecast 's fur a wee bit o smirr the night , ken . 
  * it 's a lovely day , but very fine , light rain is forecast for tonight , do n't you know . 
  - moray . 
  damn , you could at least be subtle with your stupidity , it loses all its force when used so inelegantly . 
   deport all the catholics that refused to abide by british law back to eire but they were there first . 
  the protestants of ulster were imported by the english ( although of the settlers were scots ) government from the 17th century onwards . 
  they 're effectively the indigenous population , but some of them happen to hold different political views ( in some cases extreme views ) to the other majority community . 
   the uk would finally touch continental europe . 
  that would be a huge shift culturally . 
  great britain has only been a separate island for about 10000 years ( although it would have been periodically isolated due to the weald-artois anticline being breached about 200 ky bp . 
  this ( speculative ) proposal would basically recreate [ doggerland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doggerland ) . 
  also , the extremely narrow channels left for the thames and rhine would require constant dredging due to the redistribution of sediment , which would probably ruin the local marine environment , e.g. 
  shellfish nurseries . 
  it 's the same on the telly : a small piece of reportage , followed by interviews with a bunch of gormless pedestrians who 've just been ambushed with a complex question . 
  christmas was not a public holiday in scotland from 1640ish to 1958 , and i think it should be stripped of its public holiday status , and an extra day added onto the new year holiday ( which is the 1st and 2nd of january ) . 
  scotland is 3rd in terms of population attending the football , but it 's number 1 in terms of ethno-religious football violence . 
  why is n't whisky on the map ? 
  it 's one of the indigenous drinks of scotland . 
  very odd . 
  it does n't ` make me sick ' , because it 's just something someone said on the internet . 
  it seems a rather over-emotional response to be honest . 
  i do n't agree with the blanket use of ` hero ' , but that 's as far as it goes ; i 'm not going to get my knickers in a twist over it . 
  by that definition ( a collection of men who lived through hardships , solidarity etc. 
  ) , would you apply the term ` hero ' to the opposing german forces who were experiencing the same things ( trench warfare ) ? 
  i do see your point , but i feel that the widespread use of the term ` hero ' cheapens the actual value of the word . 
   there 's a distinction that can be made for those who fought the war and those who sent men to fight it . 
  oh there definitely is , but that does n't remove moral agency from the individual soldiers in the war . 
  the use of ` hero ' is applied across the board , particularly in the tabloid media , regardless of whether the soldier carried out any heroic acts . 
  remembrance is fine , of course , but it hijacked for nationalistic purposes , e.g. 
  the language of ` ultimate sacrifices ' , ` dying for your country ' etc. 
  i think the same could be said about any war . 
  applying grand narratives like ` fighting for freedom ' or ` fighting against terror ' allows you to smooth over or ignore the moral inconsistencies of a conflict . 
  for instance : concentration camps are bad/cruel etc. , and their use is one of the justifications for the moral justness of the second world war . 
  fair enough , but the moral attributes of german concentration camps are rarely compared to the moral attributes of the concentration camps set up by the british in the second boer war : the british are commonly portrayed as having the moral high ground , despite their previous behaviour . 
  i agree . 
  i think the use of ` freedom ' in this kind of discourse infantilises how war is discussed , particularly a war fought between imperial powers : germany is often portrayed as the bogeyman in the first world war , but britain and france both subjugated large swathes of the planet . 
  the same applies to the blanket use of ` hero ' to describe dead soldiers , particularly in the context of the wars in afghanistan and iraq : it covers up the moral complexity of the situation . 
  what is scotland called in estonian ? 
  foxes are an important vector for rabies too , as they are ubiquitous in the urban and rural environments of europe . 
  the availability of animal rabies vaccines is probably also a factor , as is the governmental response to a case of rabies . 
  here in scotland , the government is very strict if rabies is detected , and the police/environmental health bodies have the power to destroy wild and domestic animals if they believe they pose a threat . 
  bloody hungarians , they do n't even have a coast !, 
  maybe they 're happy with their lot , i.e. 
  they do n't want to take part in the neocolonialist dick waving that the uk and france seem to like ? 
  i 'm pretty fed up with the rhetoric of ` influence ' . 
  i am surprised at the lack of angry greeks in this thread . 
  most scottish secondary schools have segregated classes until 6th year ( the final year of secondary school ) , except around xmas , when everyone is required to take part in social dancing . 
  you can get a battered , deep-fried haggis in most chippies in scotland . 
  it 's aorta-burstingly delicious . 
  correct !, 
  it 's normally served with mashed neeps and tatties , but neeps are not the same as what the english call turnips , leading to much confusion .
