  thanks for explaining, 
  i was planning to wrote about a turkish food and realized that most of them have been already posted by greeks . 
  i was going to write about lentil soup, 
  then it becomes green or garden salad, 
  for example , one of my grandmother is from macedonia the other one has probably some greek genes since she had blue eyes and blonde hair . 
  one of my grand dads was from southern turkey with some egyptian back ground while my other grand dad is from istanbul however , his parents came from azerbaijan . 
  this is basically how mixed most of the turks are . 
  turkey is literally where east meets west so it is very normal that turkey is genetically very mixed . 
  finally , i am proud to be a citizen of republic of turkey, 
  there is n't any pure greek or turk or armenians left . 
  we all lived in the same country for almost 4 centuries . 
  turkey is a muslim country and women have 1.9 children on average . 
  the problem with eus muslims are that most of them comes from families with low education . 
  first happy independence day message should come from the country that you guys get your independence from . 
  so , happy independence day to bulgarian friends, 
  haha , still they can look greek since greece was part of the ottoman empire . 
  finish girls are just sexy no matter what ever they wear . 
  i thought for a second there was a huge sea where turkmenistan is . 
  turkmenistan is basically dark . 
  can someone please explain me why netherlands choose to integrate a part of their army to another countries army considering that this will result in german influence over dutch army ? 
  all of these refugees are economic migrants . 
  i really wonder if european countries will be able to give these refugees what they want . 
  i really want to know what these refugees want we give them free access to our education and health care system . 
  we give them shelter and monthly credit ( which they can use to buy food and other stuff in refugee camps ) . 
  i really wonder if everyone leaves syria , who is going to defend it and fight for it ? 
  this is so stupid . 
  i am telling this as a muslim , anyone can wear what ever they want . 
  if a muslim student has the right to wear a headscarf another student should be able to wear mini skirts freely . 
  also , finish people should not be the ones adapting to the refugees , regresses should be adapting to finland by respecting its customs and people . 
  i am from turkey , a muslim country and these refuges can not even integrate their self to turkey . 
  so basically good luck eu, 
  i do n't know why but guardian seems to have a very biased attitude against turkey, 
  why are you always sharing biased news which disparages turkey ? 
  first of all , there is no mention of anything regarding to this issue in quran . 
  also the only reason that muslims are against drawing pictures of muhgamed is to prevent idolisation . 
  i really do n't think insulting some other peoples believes can be considered as freedom of speech . 
  these kind of hate groups should not be allowed because they are polarising the public which leads to radicalised terrorist . 
  people of europe should not make the same mistakes as middle easterners . 
  thank you, 
  where is turkey ? 
  why do we integrate considering that some german towns will have a turkish population majority in 2030 hahahha, 
  the problem is those immigrants can not integrate even back in to turkey . 
  most of them was from the poorer eastern turkey . 
  these people basically still live in 1970 . 
  when they come to turkey on summer holidays we feel the sana way the europeans feel they just ca n't integrate . 
  what basically happens is turkey sent its most illiterate and poorest part of its population to europe in 70s . 
  thank you guys for taking them you can keep them as long as you want, 
  there wo n't be civil war in turkey we have experienced worser things . 
  the reason for those strikes was the execution of 2 police officers in their own houses by pkk terrorist, 
  if the colonial powers could have won the war against the turkish armies after ww1 there would have been a kurdistan and a much smaller turkey . 
  thanks to ataturk , we have managed to beet them out of our country, 
  probably erdo\u011fan is turkeys most pro-kurdish president in the history . 
  if people start seeing news about soldiers being killed by kurdish pkk they start hating the kurds, 
  to stop people going in or out of the country to prevent foreign fighters . 
  is n't that what eu want ? 
  you need special papers from ministry of foreign affairs to leave turkey for syria if you are a refugee, 
  funny arabs !, 
  they have a strange sense of humor , they made me laugh, 
  demirtas is a puppet he is a puppet of kurdish terrorist pkk so there is no point of listening him . 
  also , here wo n't be a state of civil war considering that civilians are not killing other civlians . 
  ( millitary and police kills armed militias who are mostly positioned in northern iraq ), 
  you ca n't imagine how surprised i am . 
  usually i am used to not seeing the northern part of the country however , this is a first even for me . 
  really where did the other half of cyprus go ? 
  actually non of the parties in turkish parliment including the kurdish party hdp , supports an independent kurdish state . 
  erdogan is in power for the past 15 years while turks war with kurds goes back to 1980 even to ottoman empire times . 
  non of the turks will allow a independent kurdish state we will all die before some one taking even 1 m2 land of our country . 
  yes look at their activity in turkey last day they have killed 16 turkish soldiers, 
  they are also terrorist . 
  the problems is this has been going on for the past 35 years so we have no patience left . 
  we are sick of loosing soldiers . 
  lets hope not mate . 
  i wish it never happened . 
  turkey 3 - 0 netherlands !, 
  what do you expect from me , almost for the past 30 days these pkk terrorist have killed totaly 70 turkish soldiers so yeah i am emotional . 
  if you think like this i have something to say , while isis killed 1-2 soldiers of us pkk killed more than 50.000 people including babies , children and women . 
  the difference is unlike syrians or iraqis we will all die before anyone tries to take 1 m2 land of turkey . 
  yesterday , there was an attack an kurdish pkk killed 16 soldiers . 
  turkey has conscription , so most of these soldiers died are basically boys in their early twenties . 
  so how can you still say pkk is a lesser evil . 
  as i have said before they have killed babies in their bed how are they different than isis . 
  is it because , iraqis and syirans could n't manage to defend their countries from a stupid terorost organisation , that you feel more sympathy for them . 
  you now what happened the supplies and ammunitions that some european countries have airdropped to syria is now in the hands of pkk and they are using it to attack turkey . 
  apparently they took 63 tons of c4 from these european airdrops . 
  so the only reason pkk doesnt attack any other country is they never managed to win against turkey also pkk has pyg ( which has attacked turkey in the past so fuck them ) in syria , kurdistan regional government in iraq maybe only peaceful kurdish organization also they have attacked iran for many years however they have retreated from iran to focus in turkey . 
  so pkk is as evil a isis . 
  so the only thing we want is west to see pkk as a treat as like isis . 
  also they should stop supporting ypg in syria . 
  what west does is to support another terrorist organisation to kill another however , every weapon that west gives to kurdish ypg in syria is at the end used to killed turkish civilians and soldiers . 
  i am hopping that i have managed to explain why turks are frustrated about pkk, 
  when they got out of syria they are considerably safer however , these refugees main goal is to immigrate europe in which they believe they will have a great life . 
  we all know thats a lie . 
  these people are economical refugees , if they were only running away from the war . 
  turkey and jordan are safe countries . 
  i think at the end syria might be separated in to 4 countries sunni syria , shia syria , kurdish syria and turkmen syria ( which will probably join turkey to like hatay did in 1940 ) . 
  yes van persie played at the match . 
  he also left manchester united for fenerbahce of turkey, 
  these are basically economic migrants they will never return, 
  if this happens turkey will end up with 10 million refugees so please help us to help these refugees , do n't forget that they are just human beings like us and imagine what would you do if the same thing happend to you . 
  ok i do n't speak italian but judging from the picture yes !,
