do n't forget that no matter what happens turkey will back azerbaijan . 
  even in turkey nowadays we have a greater influx of pakistani and afghan migrants than syrians ( there are already 2 million ) . 
  the title should be fat eu not europe, 
  if i am not mistaken , they are going to trim some of the floors so that the skyscrapers wont be visible from the old parts of istanbul, 
  personally i do n't support erdogan i have voted against him in last elections however , what is he going to do when terrorist ( which are our own citizens ) have killed almost 75 security personal in the past 30 days . 
  he is turning in to a dictator but no because of this issue . 
  3/4 opposition parties even support his actions against the kurdish pkk terrorists . 
  i have a question for you guys , if there was a group in your country which was killing your police and soldiers almost every day what would your country have done ? 
  and i really think this article is over exaggerated . 
  turkey has seen way worser days in 1990s . 
  unless all of the pkk surrenders to security forces we should keep bombing those people who kills our police and soldiers . 
  if they dont attack us , why would we retaliate . 
  i do agree that erdogan is using this conflict to his benefit however , if pkk did not attacked than he could n't have . 
  the european half of istanbul/turkey has 10 million muslims fyi half of istanbul is in europe half in asia, 
  turkey ww1 , basically every major power in europe attacked us . 
  only in battle of gallipoli 250.000 turkish soldiers died . 
  the total number of casualties was around 2.000.000 on turkish side . 
  yeah , i know that but it is 21th century not the time of crusaders and jihadis ( except isis ), 
  i should get stamped '' made in turkey '' on my forehead . 
  putting jokes aside , i am pretty sure they wo n't be any immigration wave of turks in to eu ( after 80s actually we did n't give that much immigrants to eu , the high turkish population in some european countries is caused by the turks from eastern rural turkey which went to europe in 60s legally ) . 
  i do n't see any point of applying visa to turkey . 
  we even offered to pay all of the money that eu countries earn from visa fees even after they lift the visa . 
  the amount was around millions of euros, 
  i do n't know what most nationalist say but the closest races that i found to our customs and traditions are greeks and bulgarians . 
  i am from western turkey , istanbul the situation might be different in east ( they are more closer to arabs ), 
  turkish citizens are granted visa on arrival ( which is for 72 hours ) on greek islands that 's all . 
  including the greek main land turkish citizens are required to obtain schengen visa to enter schengen region . 
  after ukrainian citizens eu has granted most numbers of visa to turkish citizens in the world . 
  also turkish citizens on average gets longer visa than any other country ( this is what eu 's commissioner for enlargement said on last week when he visited ankara ) . 
  however there are lots of documents to provide and there is a 100 $ fee and you dont know if they are going to give you single entry visa or a multiple entry visa . 
  for example most turks tend to obtain visa from france or italy or hungary since they always tend to give multiple entry visas with at least 6 month long validity period . 
  the last visa i got from was from italy and i got a 2 year multi entry visa . 
  however , schengen is the hardest visa to obtain for turks . 
  while australia and new zeeland asks for and evisa usa always gives a 10 year visa canada similar to australia . 
  on the other hand if you try to obtain a schengen visa from germany they tend to five only a week worth of visa . 
  finally , why every eu candidate have received the benefit of visa liberalization while turkey is considered as candidate state since 2005 and it is 2015 . 
  last year we have signed a readmission agreement with eu . 
  usa and canada clearly stated that if eu liberalized visa with us they will immediately to . 
  there is a map in the link down bellow which shows visa requirements for turkish citizens https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_turkish_citizens, 
  i am turkish we are not a part of eu however we are part of nato ( which we are really happy for ) . 
  if turkey was a part of eu i would have really wanted eu to have another military union besides nato which us ca n't intervene . 
  not something like eurocorps something more like nato . 
  i think this is the only way europe can be free from us politics, 
  same flag https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/flags_of_the_ottoman_empire  never the less i was n't trying to be a neo-ottomanist . 
  i have been to bulgaria 4 times and i really liked the people so i just wanted to congratulate their independence day . 
  basically germans and french were killing each other 50 years ago and they are lose allies now why ca n't we . 
  the commander of isis is their own guy, 
  i really do n't think we want money what we have been always demanding is visa liberalisation for turkish citizens . 
  except turkey every candidate state was given the right to freely enter europe . we have a customs union with eu the producers of those goods ca n't enter eu with out a visa while the goods can freely enter eu . 
  no one can provide wealthy life to refugees while a large percent of their country works for minimum wage . 
  two words wealth and refugee does n't go along with each other . 
  i was n't even mentioning africa ( i totally forgot about them , i am from turkey basically no one from africa tries to pass via turkey . ), 
  i was talking about countries like pakistan afghanistan but yeas you are totally right who will invest their , if i had money i would n't why would someone else . 
  also i am sick of rich arab countries except jordan they are sitting on their ass and doing nothing . 
  saudi arabias gdp per capita is higher than almost every european state , why do n't they take refugees considering they have a common religion , language and customs . 
  we do n't want anyone 's money , we made some mistakes in the past and now we are dealing with the results . 
  if you guys can not explain these refugees that europe is not the utopia in which everyone is rich that they are dreaming of . 
  these people will end up as slaves working for minimum wage and why people of europe should hire them while some countries have more than 20 % unemployment rate in europe . 
  i know that 's a lot of money and finally thank you eu for your help but if this crisis could have been solved with money we turks would have solved it considering that we have spent 6 billion usd only this year on refugees . 
  the real problem is that we have to change these immigrants mind sets . 
  these immigrants are not running away from war anymore as soon as they enter turkey , they are all economic migrants . 
  you guys should try create jobs in source countries ( considering that a large majority of immigrants are not actually from syria ) instead of just giving money to us . 
  we can build better camps schools etc. 
  for them . 
  but we ca n't provide them what they want which is a wealthy life with instant cash , this is how they see europe . 
  however , after few months they will understand there is no difference since most of these people are not qualified and they will and up working in the worst jobs in europe . 
  no matter what ever we provide them in turkey they wo n't be satisfied considering that the only thing that they want in the long run is to obtain eu citizenship and never return to syria . 
  few days ago on turkish tv they were interviewing some syrian refugees in camps . 
  they were all telling that those who go to europe are cowards , if all syrians go to europe than who the hell is going to save syria . 
  also i am criticising both my own and the greek government . 
  they should forget about the past and coordinate aeverything together . 
  the only way to prevent migrants crossing in to europe via turkey than greece is with close cooperation of turkish and greek navies . 
  i always assumed that every countries which have a shore on mediterenian sea cared and spent to much time with their family . 
  thank you for explaining the situation in spain . 
  never the less people need money before kids and if i was a women probably i would also first choose to have a good carier than kids . 
  the problem with most of the muslim countries men tends to provide all of the financial needs of the family while most of the women 's are house wife 's . 
  when women have no other job to attend they tend to act with their instincts which is to have as many kids as possible . 
  it is basic instinct of every creature on earth . 
  we have the same problem in turkey we provide free healthcare and education to all of 2 million refugees . 
  we provide them shelters and give them ( the refugees in camps ) a debit card with monthly allowances to buy food and other kinds of things while 15 % of our population earns less than 300 $ per month . 
  my country spent 6 billion usd last year only , on the refugees . 
  for that much money you can build new schools , hospitals etc. 
  or create new jobs for many unemployed people . 
  maybe she should go to australia http://www.9news.com.au/national/2015/09/04/08/14/new-york-times-tears-strips-off-australian-treatment-of-asylum-seekers, 
  it is the same all around the world . 
  few weeks ago i watched and interview with a syrian refugee she had three babies after the civil war have started . 
  is she crazy , who have kids in a war zone ? 
  as you can tell i was kidding about the condom part , it is better to have a kid and raise him or her properly than having 10 kids which will have no contribution to the society . 
  people should n't have kids if they are just going to force them to marry someone . 
  this is not a part of islam this is a part of backwards arabic ideology ( basically saudi ideology ) . 
  ok i will read it, 
  all of it , also if it was n't us it would be russians or western europeans expanding to balkans http://www.bc.edu/bc_org/avp/cas/his/coreart/maps/balkans1683.jpg, 
  to be honest i have just responded instinctively , since for the past few years there have been always negative news about turkey in r/europe and as a person who loves his country more than anything i am sick of reading negative things about my country . 
  further on , i am not happy with the current government and it 's policies and if you want to discuss anything or want to ask a question about turkey message me . 
  i will try to answer as objectively as i can, 
  i ca n't change what happened in the past , i was just trying to show my respect towards our neighbors . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ezaiuzq.png after i saw this map i can only give one advice to my spanish friends . 
  you guys should ban birth control no condoms no pills . 
  spains fertility rate is lower than 1.3 which is among the lowest in entire europe . 
  basically less siesta more sex this is the only way to save spain have fun !,
