  can you please explain '' it 's complicated '' ? 
  i think it is probably isis . 
  great tengri should bless our country, 
  he was behind the last coup attempt, 
  dont mess with my future plans !!!, 
  as a turk except the part about the military i totally agree with you . 
  do not underestimate how important the military is for a regular turkish citizen . 
  turkey has conscription thus almost everyone have positive feelings about the millitary . 
  we both love spicy food so that sounds great, 
  turkish trt ownes 18 % of euro news . 
  at least my grandparents are among that 6-7 %, 
  it still is , just not in public, 
  our military or police wo n't allow her to pass in to syria if she tries to enter legally, 
  filled with millions of dollars ? 
  how do you even pronounce jakubmarian.com in arabic ? 
  trump also have lots of investments in turkey for example trump tower in \u0130stanbul http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/12/09/21/2f37540700000578-3352714-image-a-1_1449695994776.jpg, 
  i guess that will make him happy and guaranties that he will win the next 2-3 elections, 
  that might result in suden disappearance of 50 % of turkey 's population, 
  usually it takes 2-3 days before everything goes back to normal, 
  what a great way to spend tax payers money . 
  nope , even erdo\u011fan does n't want that, 
  we should ask this to the scientists ? 
  yes there is a better explanation , they are jealous of the third airport of istanbul / s, 
  fyi his party 's name is `` adalet ve kalk\u0131nma partis '' ( justice and development party ), 
  with the current birthrate of turkish immigrants it will only take 30-40 years before austria becomes a turkish majority country / s, 
  why ? 
  now erdogan will use this as an excuse to increase the length of the state of emergency and if anyone opposes it he will simply tell them '' look at france '' . 
  we are such a progressive country / s, 
  do n't forget that boris johnson 's grand father was actually turkish, 
  thanks neighbour, 
  yes . 
  this photo was shot in the european side of istanbul, 
  these guys flew to greece with a military helicopter as soon as the coup failed . 
  if they were n't guilty why would they do such a thing . 
  wtf ? 
  istanbul is more expensive than berlin, 
  what 's wrong with the video ? 
  it looks like a normal eastern european looking village . 
  i guess op has only been to the rich western european villages . 
  ofcourse he would be super pissed he sacrificed a lot for a secular modern turkey . 
  these guys are destroying every single value that have been separating us from any other middle eastern country . 
  turkey does n't have to be european but it has to be secular and modern . 
  he has been spinning so hard that we get all of our energy for free / s, 
  send us more of that green as well, 
  please to us as well . 
  if they provide us 2 months more of winter we will give them 2 month of summer, 
  and 49 % percent of turks voted against erdo\u011fan . 
  it does n't matter ... all brits hate eu !, 
  so why all the drama ? 
  thanks to arabs and russians, 
  my favourite ottoman anthem, 
  i guess you meant before 25 since they start at 16-18 they have plenty of time . 
  just checked , \u00c7aml\u0131ca mosque is built by `` g\u00fcr yap\u0131 '' which is owned by a friend of guess who ? 
  the architect of \u00c7aml\u0131ca mosque is a friend of erdogan . 
  erdo\u011fan personally asked him to build the mosque, 
  he might be a dictator but you are wrong about the rape and killings part, 
  to be honest till mid 2000s it was a card on the table . 
  nowadays , no one in turkey even wants to join eu . 
  it is clear that europeans do n't want us so what is the point of trying . 
  every one in turkey knows that we will never join eu but till you guys end the membership talks we will still get all of the accession funds that so why should we end the talks with eu . 
  european and turkish political interest were and still are different . 
  so us joining eu was never nothing more than a dream . 
  i really wish one day turkey will be a country with european standards . 
  the only thing eu and turkey can work on is improving the customs union between eu and turkey which will in the end be beneficial for both sides . 
  h\u00fcrriyet is not a pro- goverment news outlet . 
  even though i do n't like erdo\u011fan i would n't prefer a coup over him . 
  no nation likes any other country interfering with their internal politics . 
  he was elected democratically , if half of your population is uneducated retards , than they will elect a leader like them . 
  that 's why we have erdo\u011fan but as far as i can tell 50 % of the people really like him . 
  so a coup attempt will end up in a civil war which is very bad for the economy . 
  instead of ending up like syria , i would prefer us becoming like saudi arabia . 
  as a secular turk this is a very hard choice but at least this way i can continue my normal daily life with out the fear of being killed . 
  also , the western press over exaggerate every negative thing about turkey . 
  i know that turkish press is full of propaganda but western press is full of hatred towards turkey ( they even complained a lot about the most secular government in turkey in the past ), 
  yes . 
  leopard tanks . 
  also capitalism does n't care about democracy . 
  okay , some would be the correct choice of word . 
  around 10-20 %, 
  they also get welfare payments from turkey as well . 
  most german turks are also retired from both countries . 
  that might be right or wrong but what i know is that after that attempt most people became very anti coup . 
  i am pretty sure even anti erdo\u011fan people will defend him against a coup attempt, 
  i really do n't think so even most of the millitary does n't support a coup . 
  the last coup attempt was suppress by the other portions of the millitary which represents around 80 % percent of the army . 
  thus , a sucsesful coup is almost impossible . 
  in 80s most people actually wanted a coup that 's why it was sucsesfull . 
  most people were just sick of right and left wing extremist in the government and in the public . 
  to be honest as a turk who never voted for erdo\u011fan i do n't think a coup would be sucsesfull in turkey nowadays since support for a coup is probably around 3-5 % . 
  we might not like erdo\u011fan but he was elected and atleast 50 % of the population really likes him ( uneducated people ) . 
  on the other hand , no one knows what will happen after a millitary coup , atleast this way people can just keep living their normal lives . 
  even the most anti- erodgan people dont want a coup because it will destroy our economy and people care more about money than democracy . 
  they tried , it did n't work . 
  fuck that 's great we are in the developed world / s, 
  if you are older than 7 you are good to drink tea at breakfast, 
  he just want to be putin, 
  maybe flat in every sentence ? 
  for example , flat netherlands ... 
  ottoman empire sound way cooler in polish, 
  unless you are into bdsm,
