  you can just buy the alcohol seperataly . 
  i do n't understand why is everyone going crazy . 
  yogurt is claimed by greeks but even the word yo\u011furt comes from the word yo\u011furmak in turkish . 
  even half of his parties mps does not support presidential system , so i dont see any chance of this happening before 2019 elections . 
  majority of turkish public is against this . 
  even in case of a referendum , people will vote against it . 
  opposition parties are totally against presidential system . 
  maybe some of the kurdish mps from hdp support this since , a presidential system might divide turkey in to federal states like us and this will allow more autonomy for kurds . 
  as i have said before , in case of a referendum he will loose . 
  even though turkey becomes the most developed nation in the world it still wo n't be able to join eu . 
  since the number of seats in european parliment is based on population and after germany turkey would have the second largest population in eu . 
  this would give a lot of power to turkey . 
  france and germany will never allow this since turkey can break apart their alliance . 
  even though i do n't support or vote for the current government i do n't see a reason for a military coup nevertheless , they are legitimate elected government . 
  i am sick of this guy . 
  please have a look at his previous post he only post negative things about turkey from unrealiable biased media sources like rudaw , zaman ... 
  even though i do n't support him , i do n't see a way of a possible election fraud . 
  most of the parties have a representative in each ballot box . 
  each of these representatives enter the votes in to their parties independent system . 
  also , all of these representatives signs a paper confirming the results of that ballotbox . 
  after these results are compared with the offical results announced . 
  if there is any problem , than the opposition parties oppose to the results . 
  there are 38 political parties in turkey and no one opposed the results of the elections nationwide . 
  the real reasons why mr. erdo\u011fan won this election is because of the poor performance of the opposition parties ( i do support an opposition party ) . 
  i totally agree that , that the media is under lots of pressure however , our elections are free and democratic but everything before and after is not . 
  can someone explain to me why georgia vetoed this ? 
  hahaha we drink around 20 cups at least . 
  we love drinking tea . 
  actually we consume 3 times more tea per capita than uk . 
  literally , turkey is the land of free tea . 
  every meal ends with a tea . 
  everywhere you are offered complimentary tea . 
  an average turk drinks like 10 cups of tea every day , it might go up to 30 . 
  anyway , why do you guys put milk in to your tea ? 
  its so awkward to sit on a bench alone and not have conversation with a stranger . 
  not accepting turkey in to eu, 
  to be honest every party in turkey before the election promised for a new constitution after the elections . 
  the current constitution was enforced by the military coup of 1982 . 
  so no one is happy with the current constitution . 
  any way , mr.erdo\u011fan ( i did not vote for him ) and his party do not have enough seats to change the constitution by their self 's and give mr.erdo\u011fan more power . 
  as i have said before , majority of turkish people wants a new constitution either they support the ruling party or opposition parties, 
  most of them have been living in europe around 45 years, 
  47 % overseas 90 % in turkey, 
  you do know that almost every accession chapters are banned by some eu member countries . 
  actually most of the akp ( ruling party ) voters in countries like germany netherlands have been living in europe for 30-40 years . 
  while most of the turks in europe supports akp , turks in usa , china and russia tends to support chp ( seculars ) . 
  finally, 
  people in here used to that a lot however , nowadays they do n't ... idk why . 
  i guess they have learned that honking does n't help . 
  you will never buy a motorcycling istanbul unless you want to die . 
  motor bikes are mostly used by food delivery guys or speed couriers . 
  it is to prevent drivers confusing the bus road with the actual road . 
  http://www.istanbulairport.biz/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/img_21112014_111613.png map of light rail and metro networks of istanbul, 
  if you are from istanbul you only focus on the traffic not moon https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3qtkul/evening_commute_in_vilnius/, 
  it is not about the area . 
  we bomb both isis and pkk ( 2 times pyd ) . 
  lets hope so, 
  nope , we are just bombing a more dangerous terrorist organization for us . 
  isis killed 140 turks while kurdish terrorist groups killed more than 40.000 turks including babies , kids . 
  if i am not mistaken it is something like this ; https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/rte_se%c3%a7im_pankart%c4%b1.jpg, 
  i think they will try a coalition , a minority government can not succeed in turkey . 
  probably they will form a coalition with mhp ( nationalists ) since their voters share similar views . 
  however , a chp akp coalition will prevent further polarization in turkey . 
  every article about turkey have a negative comment by this guy, 
  if you consider turkey as a balkan country : ** country / murder rate ** turkey / 2.6 usa / 4.7 ( for comparing with other balkan countries ), 
  best election campaign !, 
  we are far away from unity . 
  turkey is more polarised than ever . 
  do n't talk to much and everything is going to be fine . 
  if you do n't interfere with the governments business they wo n't touch you . 
  please do n't ban spaghetti , half of the university students in turkey will die, 
  they even managed to track some people which used tor or vpn . 
  i do n't know if you consider the european part of turkey as balkans however , street dogs are seemed as public property . 
  people are so used to them , if some one stars to killing them people will start to protest . 
  this will on the long run might decrease the votes of the mayor and his/hers parties in the local elections . 
  so it is better to vaccinate and sterilize dogs . 
  they wont be able to reproduce and on the long the dog problem will disappear without anyone noticing and without any cruelty . 
  edit : why do you think that we should kill the dogs ? 
  do they give you discomfort because i like street dogs ? 
  hey , i am happy back in home ( istanbul ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_turkish_general_election,_november_2015 based on the recent polls , none of the parties will gain the majority in the parliament . 
  so , here comes the coalition government . 
  i wonder if it is going to be a coalition between akp and chp or akp and mhp ? 
  maybe after narnia , turkey can also join / s, 
  west is rich , east is considerably poorer, 
  do you support accession of turkey to the european union ? 
  most of the dutch turks are dual citizens so that means they can vote in turkish elections in any turkish embassy or consulate . 
  how can any party in turkey stop meddling with the turkish diaspora while their votes actually effect the result of the elections . 
  turks which lives outside of turkey makes 5-10 % of turkish voters . 
  if so i am from the geographicaly european part of turkey does that makes me european ? 
  this article is very old , after he said that he wanted be like queen of uk , erdo\u011fan and his party lost the majority in the elections, 
  we need more people like this women !, 
  armenia is not part of eu so why you guys care about this issue too much ? 
  anyway what does it have to do with accession ? 
  sounds good !, 
  to be honest i just do not want my country to deal with all of the refugees . 
  anyway if you guys can abolish the visa for turkish citizens . 
  the government will probably except this offer . 
  ( at least i would have ) do n't forget that there is an election in turkey in 2 weeks . 
  so every thing can change in 2 weeks with a possible coalition government .
