  now we do , the mercedes incident / s, 
  do you remember the last time people stop drinking coca-cola to protest israel thus jews by drinking sprite ( hahahaha ) . 
  edit : or fanta, 
  i am so proud that we are ranked number 1 for the first time . 
  no one forces the player to do any thing , they are just trying to convince him and i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  try konya , turkey / s, 
  also 11 million turks live in that european part of turkey . 
  our annual growth rate is 1.12 % while it is higher in ireland , denmark , cyprus ... 
  even though i do n't like the way erdo\u011fan interfering with peoples private life 's , i still do think turks should have more babies since our economy is mainly based on labor force and if we wait for one more generation turkeys growth rate will be lower than germany . 
  in 70s 25 % of turks were living in cities now its is 75 % and this had a very negative effect on our population growth . 
  except kurds which have like ten babies while an average turkish family will have 2 kids . 
  but he ca n't even speak one word of turkish properly . 
  how is he going to communicate with the other players ? 
  nope , we turks drink more tea than anyone else in europe . 
  only financial institutions have to keep servers in turkey . 
  according to law the government sees paypal as a bank and demands all of the transactions in turkey to be processed through servers in turkey . 
  what about bkmexpress ? 
  if its all about religion , why are n't we hostile towards georgia ? 
  it is the same case for turkey `` we simply do n't banned it . '', 
  imgur refused to delete pictures of execution of a turkish prosecutor by leftist terrorist organization dhkp-c . 
  why would erodgan do that while majority of the kurds actually vote for him . 
  i have been trying to explain the same thing for along time . 
  if a turkish citizen really wants to immigrate in to eu country it is not that hard even with the visa . 
  they can just buy a very cheap plane ticket and book a cheap hotel . 
  then apply for visa , considering that the schengen visa denial rate is around 5 % 95 % of the turkish citizens will get away with that . 
  i would personally love eu to lift visas because i am sick of applying for schengen visa . 
  the breocratic process is to long and it 's killing me also i am sick of paying 75 $ every time i am going to europe . 
  also , since we have to apply for a visa most turks either have to plan their european holidays verily early than apply for visa or like majority of the turks they prefer to go to a country which does n't require any visa, 
  nope , we will invade the rest of the cyprus and give all turks an extra cypriot passport / s, 
  probably the first reason we are restoring them is that we see them as our cultural heritage too . 
  second reason is that it will bring more tourist thus more money . 
  there are many isps in turkey however , the competition does n't seems to be lowering the prices . 
  i would consider internet to be expensive based on the purchasing power of an average turk . 
  i pay 120 35 $ for 50 mbps with 250 gb cap . 
  we definitely need to improve our fibre optic cable network , still most of the turkey uses adsl ( either 8 mbps or 16 mbps ) . 
  on the other hand , i am very happy with our lte network which works better than many of the other countries i have visited in europe . 
  turkish i have never heard of someone ever being sued in turkey for illegally downloading copyrighted material . 
  without americas support south korea would n't be this succesful, 
  you can not board a vehicle in international water like that . 
  i did not know that finnish people were this afraid of russians, 
  turkey : 15 ( 4,5 $ ) 750gram , 8,80 ( 2,5 $ ) 400 gram ours is made in manisa , turkey, 
  do n't forget disposable grills !, 
  how are we going to cook the meat ? 
  i would n't call a picnic turkish if there is n't anyone grilling some kebab . 
  i think this search result is for turkey [ bird ] since its meet is dry and turkey is a very humid country . 
  when i try to type why is turkey so ... in to my search bar the autocomplete results i get are ... powerful , ... hated . 
  maybe , op will fix the map . 
  55 isis members were killed during the operation . 
  blood and victory, 
  there used to be some even in istanbul till they ran out business because of their poorly chosen locations, 
  gulluoglu has a shop in new york also simit sarayi expended to almost 20 countries . 
  last time i visit london i saw a simit sarayi and a kahve dunyasi, 
  cat : miyav dog : hav hav cow : m\u00f6\u00f6\u00f6\u00f6 sheep : meee, 
  to start with we definitely piss farther / s, 
  according to culture and tourism ministry of turkey this summer more russian tourist are expected to visit turkey even before the plane crisis between russia and turkey, 
  to be honest as a turk our relationship between china and russia sucks . 
  okay erdo\u011fan and putin might look like they are becoming friends again . 
  however , from a turkish stand of point expecting russia and china to back turkey up is less realistic than netherlands backing us up . 
  as if our beloved/s president gives a shit about a book called turkish constitution . 
  you also can not work in any government jobs , if you commit a crime , judge can take your blue card away . 
  also , a friend who tried to get science funding from tubitak was rejected because he was a german citizen with turkish blue card . 
  i am pretty sure he has ambitions like that however i did n't read anything about him praying in hagia sofia on the referendum day on turkish media . 
  thats also what i think thus instead of washing my hands after i pee , wash them before . 
  probably my penis is way cleaner than my hands . 
  i do n't know you guys but i have to pee like eery 2-3 hours . 
  how could wait 10 hours with out going to the toilet ? 
  i still do that every time i need to use a toilet in a foreign country . 
  * the most important line, 
  make romania great again !, 
  as if your teams fans have a spg, 
  baklava is dangerous, 
  just getting him self a get out of jail card, 
  care to explain , i got the 1453 part but what does it have to do with venice ? 
  if i am not mistaken during the soviet are the russian olympic team wore these track suits however since there was no addidas shops in ussr getting one of these track suits was a big deal . 
  they were a symbol of wealth . 
  correct me if i am wrong !, 
  it is a real thing . 
  two weeks ago i drove to burgas/bulgaria from istanbul / turkey . 
  after i crossed the derek\u00f6y / malko tarnovo border till burgas in every village 70 % of the young males wore these track suits . 
  no it is not blocked in turkey, 
  however everyone is a millionaire, 
  or he might be colour blind and just assumed all of these were tones of grey, 
  no , they are still located at the incirlik airbase/adana / turkey, 
  to be honest as a turk who does n't vote for erdo\u011fan i am i dony believe he cheats even though if he is it is just limited number of votes . 
  there are observers from the opposition parties during the voting and counting process through out every ballot box around the country . 
  these observers send the results of the ballot box they are responsible of to their political parties hq and whit little differences these results matches the offical results . 
  fyi there are 38 political party in turkey . 
  which will make you smell onions all day long, 
  turkish : basit, 
  do n't we have enough refugees ? 
  ( around 3.5 million ) . 
  some of our border towns have more syrian refugees than local people . 
  just wanted make sure, 
  that 's so true, 
  where are you from ? 
  no problem , with that money we will buy more planes . 
  is it a good idea to buy a plane which have many components produced in turkey . 
  oh we say that in turkey too `` baca gibi sigara i\u00e7mek '', 
  most greek of turkish cities is probably izmir ( smyrna ), 
  his party recieved 48 % of the votes in the last election,
