  people of europe claims cyprus is 100 % european while it is located completely in asia . 
  the worst thing he would do is probably build two minarets somewhere / s, 
  which would probably have a huge mall, 
  jet engines, 
  15.000 km distance might be another reason, 
  as a turk i just wanted to thank you so much for your effort . 
  have fun fitting them somewhere on the new euro coins . 
  i see , european politicians must be watching too much trump on the tv . 
  make romania great again ? 
  and you guys do n't want us to have cyprus which is only 900 km away from ankara / s, 
  every syrian refugee i met somehow managed make new babies in the last 3-4 years since they seek refuge in turkey . 
  like almost all of them have 8-9 brothers or sisters . 
  turkey does n't have any official coat of arms . 
  according to u/uskumuru '' turkey does n't actually have an official coat of arms though , that 's unofficial . 
  there 's a wiki article on its nonexistence . '', 
  he night end up creating a singularity . 
  he even made me laugh, 
  while 48 % percent supports him another 52 % does not support him . 
  or if the greek court decides not to extradite them erdo\u011fan would blame europe for supporting terrorists and gain more vote . 
  it is a win win situation for him . 
  there is nothing wrong with trading with the best korea / s, 
  again another map shows how turkey is divided as 50 % -50 %, 
  greeks agreed to do that on lausanne treaty, 
  to much vodka way to many regrets !, 
  as if our politicians ever cared about laws, 
  is n't r/turkey under r/europe ? 
  me too, 
  so caring about my countries interest makes me mentally ill ? 
  most of us will stay no matter what happens it is our country too . 
  also , i think it is still better to live in my own country than living in a foreign country as a foreigner . 
  around 30-40 % of turkey votes for secular parties so it will be unlikely that around 25-30 million people will immigrate some other country . 
  some people will but not the great majority . 
  we should fight to save our country rather than just giving up and go . 
  no political party is permanent so wish luck to the secular turks maybe one day people will realise their mistakes and vote for another party . 
  even though i do n't want it to happen most probable thing that might end akps and erdo\u011fan 's rule is an economic crisis ( we are headed that way ) . 
  people love money more than anything and if the ruling party ca n't provide it , it will probably be their end . 
  as a turk i dont care about anything that cypriots thinks . 
  cyprus is important for turkeys interest and national security thus north cyprus should be turkish . 
  if turkish soldiers retreat from cyprus all of our southern sea borders will be blocked by other countries thus cyprus is very important for turkey . 
  declaring support for these talks will be political suicide for any turkish politician secular or conservative . 
  wast majority of the turkish population thinks that north cyprus is rightful turkish soil . 
  in turkeys history no single government supported these talks . 
  if someone opposes it many people will tell them turkish soldiers died during the 1974 operation , do you want their sacrifice to be for nothing . 
  so even if it was not erdo\u011fan and a really democratic turkish president he or she still would n't , could n't have supported it . 
  as soon a they allow this to happen the other parties will tell public that the president , ruling party let turkish territory to the greeks . 
  there is one sad thrush in cyprus which is that cypriots wo n't be able to decide their future unification will only happen if turkey and greece agrees and they have no motivation to agree on anything about cyprus for political gain . 
  according to police chief of istanbul he also got 150.000 $ to do the attack, 
  they even have hot dog in turkish stores, 
  fiat produces some of it models in turkey . 
  turkey applies a great amount of tax on imported cars thus buying a locally produced car is way cheaper . 
  fiat has the largest factory followed by hyundai . 
  as if erdo\u011fan gives a shit about the rest of the world he only cares about 48 % of turkey . 
  best year in history !!!!, 
  it was a great year  ) ) ) ), 
  this should be our new flag / s https://i.ytimg.com/vi/rqas6veot9c/maxresdefault.jpg, 
  rip my brother !, 
  edit : rip all armenian soldiers who died in this conflict too . 
  by qataries . 
  turkeys relationship with saudi arabia is not actually that good as indicated in western media . 
  there are 3 major players ( maybe 4 if you include israel ) turkey , iran and saudi arabia . 
  these countries ca n't attack each other however , they fight in every other possible way . 
  look at the most fucked up parts of middle east . 
  they are located in the triangle between these 3 countries . 
  if we had natural resources we would have been divided in to pices . 
  apparently the terrorist attacked the night club for only 150.000 $, 
  yes , around 70.000 turks live in romania . 
  according to u/johndevries `` turkey is not a signatory of the convention on the reduction of statelessness , so this is feasible . '', 
  if someone shits on your face would you prefer whipping it with toilet paper or washing it with clean water ? 
  you fucking terrorist !!!, 
  actually we just finished building a 911 km wall on our syrian border so you guys indirectly made us pay for it, 
  it is going to be 5 c and rainy that day so no worries, 
  most of the houses are actually equipped to handle these colds . 
  the actual problem is if people have enough money to pay for natural gas or electricity to heat their homes . 
  it was around -5 c, 
  twitter is not banned in turkey, 
  fet\u00d6 is responsible for this if not pkk if not dhkp-c / s, 
  turkish ocak literally means `` stove , fireplace '' , likely referring to the fact that january is a cold month , during which one spends a lot of time at home , in front of a fireplace . 
  8 million people lives on the european part of istanbul, 
  r/turkey is under r/europe, 
  source : http://www.turkishculture.org/lifestyles/turkish-culture-portal/the-women/ottoman-women-510.htm?type=1, 
  does the polish village in istanbul has anything to do with your invasion ? 
  cold according to us turks the rest of europe is freezing for us, 
  for a week or 2 yes, 
  so do we . 
  same thing happened in balkans and middle east few hundred years ago . 
  just tourist wondering around . 
  how dare you call us invaders/s, 
  more people live in european turkey than greece bulgaria combined . 
  we were just tourists which accidentally crossed the borders . 
  i took this photograph on the european part of istanbul so i think r/europe is the right place to upload . 
  we just do n't like to call a turkish town constantine 's city . 
  we know that the name comes from greek like many other cities . 
  for example ankara = angora . 
  actually it is a cold country just not the parts most tourist visits . 
  but what type of kebab ? 
  that 's really important !, 
  realy !!!, 
  across ~ ~ europe ~ ~ eu, 
  i just copied it from wikipedia and assumed it was correct, 
  no it does not , daesh = al-dawla al-islamiya al-iraq al-sham ( islamic state of iraq and the levant ) .
