  why ? 
  do you hate us so much ? 
  as if colonial france did n't kill anyone . 
  also recognising so called armenian genocide did n't help at all . 
  the only way to solve this problem is forcing secular turks to have more babies, 
  even though if we were the most democratic country in the world . 
  i really do n't think we will ever join eu . 
  why do you think muslim women wear black hijab ? 
  they are the masters of japanese martial arts . 
  they are the best ninjas . 
  i think he is secretly trying make europe more islamic / s, 
  why does swedes hates turks this much ? 
  they actually did and killed 241 people, 
  if the leader of turkeys wife wears hijab 50 % of the women will wear hijab if she walks around naked than 50 % will do the same thing . 
  this is the most significant problem of turkey . 
  people change their lifestyles just to earn more money, 
  yes , we except all of you to learn turkish , eat kebab and watch turkish tv series all day long / s, 
  turkish people chose corrupt money that erdo\u011fan pays some over democracy while erdo\u011fan chose saudis ( actually qataris ) over modernity, 
  i was driving last night back home around 11:30 pm and i called my mother to ask how she is . 
  when i first heard erdo\u011fan 's voice on my phone , my first though was erdo\u011fan is with my mother i should rush home ... 
  plate number of samsun ( 55 ), 
  savages , they even kill children !, 
  look at the poor kid in the middle / s, 
  what if they were turks . 
  we have a higher gdp per capita than ukraine and lower employment but i really ca n't see europeans welcoming us as well after hanging out for a long time in r/europe, 
  sure ? 
  turkeys population will be 98 million by 2100, 
  you will see that in 2019 most of those kurds will vote for erdo\u011fan rather than hdp . 
  kurds are the most conservative bunch of people in turkey thus akp is the most appealing party for them . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_general_election,_november_2015#/media/file%3aturkish_general_election%2c_november_2015_ ( akp ) . png map of akp votes in 2015 general elections south east of turkey is 80 % kurdish and as you can see akp gets votes around 40 % -20 % from every kurdish majority city . 
  you are telling me what happened years ago , they have every right i do . 
  i am on my phone just type general election results for turkey in to google and look at the south east of turkey . 
  okay mate you can keep supporting baby killers . 
  there is no point of explaining anything to you . 
  what should the state do give these terrorist the land our grandfathers fought for . 
  are you kidding with me check the latest election results . 
  kurdish majority areas voted 40 % for akp 55 % for hdp and the rest voted for other parties . 
  i really do n't understand these people . 
  they might hate erdo\u011fan but in retaliation supporting a terrorist organisation which kills civilians , kids , teachers , doctors , police and millitary officers is totally wrong . 
  i wonder what they would do if someone tries to carve a country out of sweden and during the process kills 40.000 swedes, 
  i do n't like erdo\u011fan however probably he is the least anti kurdish turkish president . 
  around 40 % of kurds voted for him in the presidential elections . 
  2 of his ministers are kurds, 
  i do n't like erdo\u011fan however probably he is the least anti kurdish turkish president . 
  around 40 % of kurds voted for him in the presidential elections, 
  if you like partying go to split otherwise i would recommend dubrovnik, 
  why ? 
  what i meant was even the most anti erdo\u011fan newspaper have a simmilar stance against austria, 
  americans and their doughnuts, 
  did n't someone else post the same image with the same title like 1 month ago, 
  h\u00fcrriyet is not a pro- erdo\u011fan newspaper, 
  unless the immigration officer wants to create some problem or have a grudge against your country than you might have a problem . 
  i always get my schengen visa from france and barely visit there except germany i had no problems entering another country with french schengen visa even if it is my first time after i got my visa . 
  as a turk why should n't i defend turkish interests ? 
  to be honest this is not a polical rally , it is a commemoration event, 
  i guess we turks really like crescents since we turks found the red crescent, 
  cause i will pay you 10.000.000 $ to relax - trump, 
  the party leaders specifically asked people who are gon na attend to the rally to only bring turkish flag , picture of ataturk and banners with justice written on them . 
  ( they did n't want any party flags ), 
  there is police protection, 
  which represent 20 million people, 
  nothing bad happened and the walk is over, 
  what europeans do n't understand is no one in turkey gives a fuck about cyprus and greece, 
  erdo\u011fan way less islamic than g\u00fclen . 
  g\u00fclen wants an \u0130ran ilke turkey while erdo\u011fan dreams of a muslim version of russia, 
  i didnt understand what 's the map about but since we are in eu no worries, 
  he ca n't do anything to the main opposition leader unless he wants to start a civil war, 
  he usually greats foreign leaders in english however , when they ask him a question in english , he just smiles and does nothing till his translator comes there to help him, 
  i have visited spain 3 times and most people were only able to speak basic english just like turkey . 
  however , when it comes to other languages like french you guys are way better of than us . 
  ok , i confess we are all retards when it comes to learning foreign languages / s, 
  that hand gesture looks like a vagina . 
  our language is more similar to korean and japanese than any other european language and when you look at those countries , they also have great trouble learning english, 
  yes , turks in europe are mostly from inland east while i am from istanbul which is a costal city, 
  i study in australia ( not austria ) and that 's the case over there too . 
  i guess turks care more about profit than quality . 
  most turkish restaurant abroad does n't actually cook turkish food but just fast food, 
  probably because of the price also , we have dishes called '' zeytinya\u011fl\u0131 '' which most people eat at home which does n't have any meat in it . 
  edit : while meat prices are similar to many european countries , vegetables and fruits are relatively cheaper in turkey unless they are imported stuff like mangos , avocados etc mate your country is soo expensive 2 months ago i was in zurich and i paid like 20 euros for a large big mac meal . 
  in turkey you can buy 4 big mac meals for the same price, 
  meat is expensive and turks consume a lot of fish which is not included in this graph ( fish is cheaper ) . 
  most turkish meals we cook at home does n't have that much meat in it to be honest, 
  the state =\\ = akp . 
  akp is the goverment while the state includes everyone . 
  i know turks who registered their cars in bulgaria since it is 30 % cheaper there . 
  the only thing you have to do is to take the car out of the country every 6 months . 
  you are wrong all of the nukes are still at incirlik airbase and i was just kidding, 
  we are gon na nuke it , that will show it a leasson !, 
  you rescued your self mate it just took 90 more years . 
  live long turkey and azerbaijan, 
  but they did n't have any weapons on board, 
  there was n't any drugs found on the ship, 
  we will probably open warning fire on a greek ship next week than we will be even and everyone will forget about it . 
  they will keep drinking their ouzo we will keep drinking our raki , so business as usual . 
  to be honest , greek ships also always violets turkish waters, 
  even if it was a provocation , the greek costguard opened fire on a civilian ship and jeopardised the safety of the crew . 
  likewise in turkish , we tend to write with 24 hr clock but use the 12 hour one to read . 
  looks great, 
  who cares mate , we are the hottest !!, 
  since we are not in i did n't like it,
