  i think that 's the case for almost everyone on this planet, 
  kebab basically means bbq, 
  i guess you are just bored of trying to convince me !, 
  haha, 
  except eu , esa we are a member of every single european organisation . 
  so i guess politically that makes us european . 
  europe is a continent and people living on it is called europeans by your logic all of the australians are europeans too, 
  as a chp supporter if they for an alliance with hdp i will never vote for them . 
  instead of giving more powers to terrorist i will rather live under erdo\u011fan 's dictatorship . 
  the alternative is baseically supporting baby killers . 
  all of the hdp members have pictures taken in pkk camps and they have openly supported a terrorist organisation . 
  i believe there is significant portion of chp voters who think like me . 
  i would rather go vote for dsp ( democratic left wing party ) , ldp ( liberal democratic party ) . 
  but i will never support a party if they make an alliance with terror supporters, 
  he fainted in a mosque few day ago due to his problems related to blood sugar, 
  do we have to integrate people who will return back to their countries ( we hope atleas ) after the war ends ? 
  in reality i think atleast half of them will never return back to syria . 
  there are around 80.000 house bought by the syrians so those ones are definitely staying . 
  that looks disgusting , to be honest most of the kebabs in europe are really bad and prepaired by using low quality meet compared to turkey . 
  most turkish places use cheap minced beer while they should be using eye fillets ( 60 % beef 40 % lamb ), 
  it is probably because we turks love paint ( photoshop is expensive ), 
  yes we eat kebab with noodle everyday, 
  but i was born in that european part including all of my grand parents . 
  mate both r/turkey and r/armenia is under r/europe so it is allright to share stuff related to those countries . 
  r/turkey , r/armenia , r/azerbaijan and r/russia is under r/europe so anything related to those countries should be okay to share, 
  i guess they spent to much time under our control . 
  orban : just give us money , we will like you . 
  as a turk living in turkey . 
  i stand by your side in this one if someone goes against the laws they should be punished . 
  what most turks do is they first neutralise from turkish citizenship give those documents to the german government than they just go back to the turkish embassy and apply for turkish citizenship . 
  since they have a blue card ( any turkish citizen who neutralise can get it , it is like a pr . ), 
  if you have that card you do n't have to give documents from any other countries to the turkish embassy . 
  so they get their turkish citizenship back and just do n't tell it to the german government . 
  i am pretty sure that was the case . 
  otherwise i do n't think our ministers also have the balls to do those kind of things in a foreign country . 
  erdo\u011fan won , rutte won = happy ending for both of them . 
  sexy !, 
  we all come from erdo\u011fan / s, 
  in turkish we also have ground ball ( yer k\u00fcre ), 
  to be honest we do n't have to destroy anything , there are many mosques in eat of turkey which was converted from a church . 
  so during the prayer times they close the cristian symbols with a curtain and when their prayer is done they just open the curtains so any visitor can see the christian artifacts etc. . 
  wtf , arent those representing ghosts or monsters ? 
  but i still do n't get what 's wrong with packman ? 
  i would understand why they might felt like warning the parents about games like resident evil and call of duty considering they are violent . 
  also , keep in mind that no body cared the about the age limits written on the games in turkey , so this list is sort of a warning parents . 
  i do n't know about cypriots but turkey demands a list of every nato soldier entering and exiting the country even if hey fly through nato or us airbases . 
  to be honest they are not going to ban any thing it is just a warning to parents . 
  nope more than half of the kurds vote for erdo\u011fan and they are the least secular people i have met in my life, 
  okay i will try to explain why they did it . 
  most turks sees those protestors same way and american sees an alqaide , isis supporter . 
  from their perspective these people are protesting on behalf of terrorist groups like pkk . 
  an american would have shot an islamic terrorist group supporter anytime . 
  look at every global power rank , turkey is always ranked way better than saudi arabia . 
  the only problem with saudi arabia is that they do n't have conscript army so they have to pay everyone of their soldiers a significant salary . 
  that 's why countries which have conscription has considerably lower defence budgets . 
  we executed him for his wahhabist ideology . 
  they were just fallowing orders you should blame the one who gave the order . 
  they will brobaly wo n't travel to any countries with close relationship with usa but i do n't think anyone would mind erdo\u011fan taking them with him to trips to countries like russia india china pakistan ... . . 
  what europeans do n't understand is every time they complain about erdo\u011fan he gets more support from the conservative people, 
  he actually got away as if washington was ankara, 
  yes it is hard to obtain both of them . 
  due to german laws . 
  yes , most kurds in germany are considered as turks due to their citizenship . 
  there are around 3.5 million turks in germany around 1.5 million have a turkish citizenship, 
  for sure they are german citizens . 
  just out of curiosity which city are you guys planning to move in turkey ? 
  to be honest levent is located on the european side of istanbul . 
  so this picture is taken on continental europe, 
  http://photos.wikimapia.org/p/00/05/17/94/72_big.jpg picture of maslak on of the other business centres of istanbul, 
  even though i do n't like him he has like 1.5 million body guards in that country, 
  i would agree on your opinions on iran however , i ca n't see a bright future for arabs for now . 
  may 's and erdo\u011fan 's secret plan to destroy europe . 
  unlike most middle eastern countries including iran our economy is not based on natural resources . 
  while most middle eastern countries earns most of their money from natural gas and oil . 
  the importance go natural resources in turkish economy is 0.6 % . 
  our economy is based on mainly industry , tourism and agriculture . 
  so i think we will ve better of than most of them after 40-50 years . 
  unless we become an islamic dictatorship, 
  i would agree that your avarage diaspora turk is way more religious than your average turk in turkey . 
  basically , 50 % of the country sees him as a god the other 50 % hates him . 
  yes people know what is happening . 
  they are just so uneducated and conservative that it is really easy to manipulate them . 
  the only thing i do believe is no matter how much i do n't like the our president i am pretty sure that 50 % really likes him . 
  erdogan comes from a poor conservative family so it is easier for the conservative bunch to feel closer to him compared to the secular main opposition party ( ataturk is the founder ), 
  during his time our gdp grew around 4 times ( not 4 % ) . 
  most people care more about money more then anything else . 
  as a secular turk , the main problem in turkey is the conflict between secular turks vs conservative turks moved from rural parts of turkey to cities . 
  back in time when conservative turks used to live in their villages , secular turks ruled this country . 
  as a muslim country we even banned headscarf . 
  so i guess they are just taking revenge . 
  but i really do n't think erdo\u011fan goal is to turn turkey in to shaira ruled country . 
  i think he wants something like more of a central asian dictator in which he can do what ever he wants and get to keep his seat till he dies . 
  till end of 40s turkey actually asked people their ethnicity . 
  spain is not a part of the program . 
  usa , uk , italy , netherlands , turkey , canada , norway , denmark and australia contributed to the development and production of f-35 . 
  also , israel and singapore are also interested in buying f-35 . 
  idk spain is not part of the f-35 program but they might buy some f-35 b ( one that can land and takeoff verticaly ) to use on their juan carlos 1 to replace their av-8b harriers . 
  mate what i said was clearly a joke i even add an / s at the end . 
  why are you taking this so seriously . 
  cyprus issue is a 50 year old issue which no one cares except cypriots,
