  they are saying `` sehitler \u00f6lmez , vatan b\u00f6l\u00fcnmez '' = martyrs are immortals , homeland is indivisible . 
  in the memory of the dead soldiers . 
  this happens every time when there is a moment of silence before a match if a soldier died . 
  they are not supporting isis in any way . 
  edit : why i am being downvotes ? 
  i am just translating what they have said . 
  g20 summit was in antalya turkey during the 3 day ban and the summit is 2 days long, 
  yes , we should stand along with france our nato ally . 
  isis is a greater threat to turkey than any other country . 
  the reason we are reluctant to attack is because of pkk and pyd . 
  when isis is defeated they will probably control these regions which might lead to a kurdistan which is a great threat for turkeys integrity . 
  if our allies stand with us against our fight with pkk we are willing to do what is necessary to defeat isis . 
  as soon other nato countries decides to send ground troops we will join the fight with every thing we have . 
  however , please do n't expect us to attack isis alone . 
  this will make as a huge target , there will be a suicide bomb attack every day in our border cities . 
  nato should set up a task for as it did in afghanistan and start attacking all of the terrorist groups in syria . 
  i do n't care about russians , if they are willing to fight along us that 's great on the other hand , if they do n't nato is strong enough . 
  either we stop them or isis will do what they did in paris in every major city in europe . 
  we can not defeat isis with airstrikes ( turkey has been bombing pkk target for 30 years and the only times we can actually get some sort of victory is when we attack with ground troops ) we need boots on the ground . 
  we turks are willing to fight these groups however , the question is are other countries willing to send troops ? 
  let 's put joke aside , can you please briefly explain what is the problem in your economy ? 
  from a turkish point of view finland is a rich country . 
  i went to helsinki and rovaniemi last winter , i really liked it . 
  every one seems to be happy . 
  you guys have a beautiful country you should be very happy . 
  why not last time i checked australia was in europe http://cdn2.spectator.co.uk/files/2015/02/b9gm38lciaaxldy.jpg, 
  it would be an interesting show to watch, 
  and ... 
  the sick man of europe tittle goes to finland !, 
  ( eurovision style ) i really wonder which country will be the next sick man of the europe in 2016 . 
  and we should continue till every terrorist in that town is killed or arrested !, 
  what is your problem with turkey you literally only post negative things about turkey ? 
  why this much hate against us ? 
  what defeats are you talking about ? 
  2a1za i will never understand your passion for these pkk terrorists , baby killers . 
  i never voted for erdo\u011fan or akp however , i totally due support their actions against these kurdish militants . 
  what do you expect us to do when some one is threatening our national security , killing our citizens ? 
  you are literally supporting a terrorist organisation recognised by usa , eu and nato . 
  please dont mess with our historic title, 
  i was suspecting isis, 
  the problem is there is n't a lawsuit against reddit . 
  they literally banned it bassed on a controversial internet law which passed the parliment last year . 
  it allows government to ban a site with out a court order , if the site contains materials exposing someone 's personal life , assault or threatens national security the government can ban it with out a court order however they need to file lawsuits in the next 24 hours . 
  i really wonder why they blocked it ? 
  i guess it is because so many people swears at erdo\u011fan here . 
  maybe reddit works with the so called parallel state . 
  just type muslim blowjob to pornhub . 
  it looks like as if an alien ( from the alien movie ) giving head if she wears green headscarf . 
  we dont eat garlic sauce with kebab i guess that 's more of a lebanese thing . 
  most of the porn sites are banned in turkey without changing your dns settings you can only enter to turkish porn sites . 
  the surprising thing is most of these sites are banned because someone sued them for pornographic materials . 
  who spends their time suing porn sites . 
  i am pretty sure no one is interested in to hijabi girls giving blowjobs, 
  to start with they are made out of the same ingredients and they almost taste like same . 
  ouzo is a little softer than turkish raki however , i do n't think there is a noticeable taste difference after the first glass . 
  in istanbul airport they sell greek ouzo next to raki 's also on thessaloniki ( i have been there 2 months ago that 's why i remember ) airport turkish raki brands are located next to ouzos, 
  how can you resist this , you only live once http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/07/7c/49/f2/karisik-kebap.jpg, 
  that too . 
  in cengelkoy/istanbul there is a fish restaturant next to a mosque , so they legally cant sell alcohol however , if you ask for ayran they bring raki in ayran brands complementary glasses . 
  wait , let me ask them, 
  than will take some ouzo from our greek friends . 
  actually you are right turks consume highest amount per capita in the world . 
  is 100000000 l enough ? 
  do n't touch my rak\u0131 !, 
  rak\u0131 is the only thing uniting people from all over turkey from different ethnicities and political views . 
  ( also kebab ) edit : i totally forgot about tea , a regular turk drinks like 10 cups of tea per day . 
  thank you, 
  i was planning to visit georgia except the large 2 cities where do you advise me to go ? 
  sorry you are right about dhkp-c, 
  first of all i do not support the current government and never voted for the akp ( erdogans party ) . 
  however , pkk threatens the integrity of my country and i believe the government should take the necessary actions against pkk , even it means fighting with them in the cities . 
  after , many military operations pkk lost its power in the filed so they are trying to use civilians as cover while fighting with the government . 
  as i have said before , no one can justify what pkk is doing while we are only defending our country against internal and external threats . 
  turkish states position against pkk has never changed . 
  if someone kills thousands of your security personal you have to retaliate . 
  i do n't need any propaganda to hate murderer pkk militants , just watching the funerals of dead soldiers is enough for me . 
  we are not going to let any one take even 1m2 of our countries land which our grandfathers died while protecting it . 
  since pkk wants to carve out of a country from the south east region of turkey , i will be always hating them and will always support the military operations against them till all of the pkk militants die , surrender or arrested . 
  this picture looks unreal , as if the photo was taken in an utopic world . 
  it is beautiful !, 
  is mestia close to turkish border ? 
  now i have to visit there . 
  i have never heard of sendika7.org who is the owner ? 
  what are we supposed to do if the terrorist are our citizens ? 
  just sit and watch ? 
  pkk and its affiliates ( pyd,dhkp-c ) have killed more than 40.000 turkish citizens in the past 30 years . 
  pkk is a terrorist organization recognized by usa , eu and nato . 
  i am hopping that our security forces can arrest or kill all of these terrorists who even killed babies in the past . 
  if pkk stops attacking us , the kurds will benefit this more than turks . 
  basically , as like every other country if a terrorist group kills 40.000 of your citizens including babies , you have to retaliate . 
  it is off season in antalya so most of those hotels are vacant nowadays . 
  if the g20 summit was on summer time , the government would have great problems convincing the hotel owners . 
  us government is funding the construction of two villas for obamas g20 visit in turkey . 
  i guess americans do not like hotels . 
  europe = / = eu please change the title, 
  we are not fighting with kurds . 
  ( turkey even supports k\u00fcrdistan regional government in iraq and peshmergas ) our fight is against pkk ( and its affiliates like pyd ) which is a terrorist organisation recognised by eu , us and nato . 
  pkk killed more than 30.000 turkish citizens including babies . 
  so eu leaders should understand this our fight is with not kurds however , till the last pkk member dies or goes in to jail we will fight them . 
  i really wonder what would eu countries do if a terrorist group kills 30.000-40 .000 thousand citizens of their country ?
