  it means that if they can shoot syria from caspian see it also means they can shoot turkey from there too while turkey has no forces in caspian sea . 
  also nato does n't have any . 
  you have to swear on a bible in american courts . 
  not kurds pkk members who attack us . 
  doner is mostly made out of beef and lamb . 
  chicken doner is cheap shit, 
  first of all majority of the kurds are not supporting pkk lets make that clear . 
  i know plenty of kurds who hates pkk . 
  what are we supposed to do while pkk kills our security personal ? 
  just sit and watch them kill us ? 
  pkk killed 40.000 turkish citizens in the past 30 years . 
  imagine there was a group in your country which constantly kills civilians and security personal what would your country do ? 
  i totally support the strikes against pkk . 
  also is n't nato a defense pact , if so why are n't the rest of nato supporting us when kurds attack us . 
  kurdish peshmergas is our allies turkey has no problem with the kurdistan regional government in iraq . 
  our war is against pkk , the baby killer terrorist who killed 40.000 people in the past 30 years, 
  i thought with every american passport they give a complimentary shotgun, 
  i will tell you something interesting . 
  in 1980s they asked the pm of the time '' why dont we close the brothels , why prostutuion is legal '' . 
  his response was '' if we close the brothels , instead of fucking the prostitutes people will fuck us '' . 
  important point in turkish history, 
  your girls are prettier than ours, 
  / r/turkey is under / r/europe, 
  turkish one is better ( but i ca n't be objective ), 
  turkish = d\u00f6ner greek = \u03b3\u03cd\u03c1\u03bf\u03c2 ( gyro ) and it literally means spining, 
  i think blowjobs are complimentary . 
  please lift the visa . we all are sick of paying 100 $ and dealing with all of the stupid paperworks just to take a selfie with eiffel, 
  obtaining a 10 year multiple entry visa is actually very easy compared to getting a schengen visa to enter eu . 
  as i said before while us grants a visa for longtime . 
  shenzhen visa are for 6 months 3 months maybe even as short as one week , it is all up to the consulate . 
  and you guys expect us to respect a terrorist ? 
  hahaha i am hoping that all of pkk end like this considering the things they have done against people of turkey, 
  can turkey join that ? 
  pls, 
  visa have been lifted for every candidate country except turkey , that 's why, 
  how much ? 
  not us , it is easy to obtain us visa however , schengen sucks, 
  man i am sick of you and your so called rojava, 
  visa liberalization is more than enough, 
  nato is a defence pack and when a member is in trouble you just kick them . 
  we have been holding russians off for 60 years for nato . 
  we are happy to be a part of nato and we will defend nato by any means . 
  what you need to understand is every group in syria is lslamist even the groups which labeled as moderates are actually islamists . 
  so we had to support some groups to defeat assad . 
  to be clear , islamic front is not isis it is group which actually fight isis . 
  also do n't forget that every group in the syrian civil war is islamist except russia, 
  if some members stop blocking them we will complete most of the chapters ( to be realistic not all of them ), 
  you do know that his party revived 40 % of the votes while the remaining parties which can be seen as secular got 60 %, 
  turkish red crescent they take care of 2 million refugees, 
  they have been training side by side with other nato troops for the past 63 years so i assume turkish troops have similar skills to other nato nations, 
  also we turks are happy that we are in nato . 
  there are still nato ( ofcourse i ment us ) nukes in incirlik ab which is actually located near to syrian border, 
  we are crazy i presume !, 
  however , we are secular and will forever be !, 
  football, 
  my name is can and i am sick of people pronouncing my name wrong all around the world . 
  i live in australia and every time i have to explain people how to spell my name . 
  even in turkey it is not that way , acttualy considering that we do n't speak arabic you might me right . 
  let 's prepare our self for germanises new president muhammad merkel, 
  admitting such a thing is considered as political suicide in turkey . 
  no matter which party accepts the allegations , they will never see the parliament . 
  if kurdish pkk stops killing our security personal why would we retaliate ? 
  why ? 
  there are no god damn camels in turkey, 
  vodka kills you, 
  really ? 
  i am driving him to the border now . 
  holy shit we are in eu !, 
  turkish politics 101 : the enemy of my enemy is still my enemy, 
  pikatchu is behind everything, 
  we were also the first ones to land on the moon . 
  http://worldnewsdailyreport.com/ottomans-were-the-first-to-reach-the-moon-says-turkish-president/ / s, 
  i wish we had oil however unlike other countries in middle east we do n't have any oil . 
  turkey imports almost all of its oil . 
  we are just waiting for gta vi for that, 
  there is no capital punishment in turkey, 
  we should kick him from turkish citizenship . 
  how dare he does n't care about football ? 
  my grandmother also had grey eyes which everyone also referred as grey in turkey . 
  she was from aydin turkey . 
  eu blocked almost every accession chapter because of the cyprus issue . 
  can we please relocate some of our troops to greece and bulgaria under this deal ? / s, 
  faster than us for sure !!, 
  i think the turkish government will try to get that visa free deal for another 6 months before they give up and blame everything on europe to gain more support . 
  as a turk , i dont think there is any other way than the visa free agreement to convince turkish people to agree with the readmission deal, 
  even though i have never voted for mhp if she becomes their leader i will definitely vote for her . 
  even though if she ca n't win the elections i believe she will even get lots of votes from the ruling party supporters . 
  which will end erdo\u011fan dominance over turkish politics and will force him to comply with the turkish constitution . 
  special green passports are only given to government workers and their families . 
  as a regular turkish citizen i find process of getting a visa very frustrating . 
  last time i checked cyprus was in 100 % in asia but it is a member of the eu . 
  he and his companions have diplomatic passports so they can already enter eu without visa . 
  i did n't vote for erdo\u011fan in my entire life . 
  i am just sick of eus attitude towards turkey . 
  i am so happy that now we do n't have to deal with 3 million refugees . 
  we should help refugees to cross in to europe since that 's what they want . 
  actually turks like call their self '' \u00c7\u0131lg\u0131n t\u00fcrkler '' ( crazy turks ), 
  they should try a different approach like us http://starecat.com/content/wp-content/uploads/in-soviet-russia-turkey-cooks-you-shot-airplane-jet-fighter-su-24.jpg, 
  germany is turkeys biggest export market .10 % of our exports goes to germany . 
  i am even very surprised that turkish fans and civilized was used in the same sentence .
