  it is actually easier to just send all of to refugees to you guys for us and 3 billion euros wont change anything . 
  3.000.000.000 / 2.500.000 = 1200 euros 1200/365 = 3.25 euros per refugee per day so basically you guys are willing to give refugees enough money to buy a bread and a bottle of water . 
  if you want our help you guys should give something else than money we have already spent way more than 3 billion euros on refugees . 
  they are the party of ataturk and chp founding party of modern turkey as we know today . 
  as a person who basically loves ataturk , i can easily say that he would have refused the offer of eu because eu demands us to take care of almost 3 million people which does not even speaks turkish while eu ( 28 countries ) can not handle 600.000 . 
  as the leader of chp said this a bribe and we should n't accept it . 
  eu is even hesitant to liberalize visas against turkey . 
  our economy is almost 1 trillion dollars . 
  does eu really thinks that 3 billion dollars will solve every problem , turkey has already spent more than that amount of money only in this year for refugees . 
  what i am trying to say is , eu asks for a lot of things but does not give back enough . 
  an average turk only cares about the visa liberalization that 3 billion euros wont go in to the pockets of turkish citizens . 
  this does n't mean that we should n't work together to prevent illegal immigration . 
  i am just against us having to deal with all of the refugees . 
  the turks feel the same way against refugees as an average european does . 
  i am asking that same question to my self everyday . 
  actually 60 % of turkish parliament is in favor of secularism however , the ruling akp ( got 40 % ) is a very conservative party compared to turkish standards . 
  even though , i can easily still say that turkey is the most secular country in the region ( middle east ) . 
  actually , in the entire history of turkey , salaries of imams are always payed by the government . 
  but , i can easily assure that our constitution is very secular we just have one problem called erdogan . 
  i actually appreciate some of the things he have done for turkey ( his government quadrupled the gdp per capita in ten years ) . 
  however , the only thing that separates turkey from other middle eastern countries is our democracy and secular ideologies . 
  i can not sacrifice any single one of them . 
  can you please explain what you mean by similar situations ? 
  it is only arabs . 
  also most of my arab friends are afraid of dogs . 
  they told me that where they come from there is n't that much dogs but a lot of cats . 
  every country have people like that . 
  on the other hand , i am totally against nutjobs like this man who claims that an area belongs to a religion . 
  if he expects respect he should respect the locals , it is their own country . 
  we should n't accept the offer . 
  they have ignored us for 40 years and now they are just trying to use us to prevent the flow of refugees . 
  with out the visa liberalization we should n't agree on anything edit : i do agree the comments below about erdogan, 
  hey neighbor , if i have n't read the priest part , for a second i though you were describing turkey, 
  wtf !, 
  as a muslim i have never heard that islam is against dogs . 
  every turkish city is full of dogs and everyone likes them . 
  ( 99.8 % muslim country ) this is an isolated event and the guy who typed this is an idiot . 
  as a nationalist ( not in racist way ) turk , i believe we should give more attention to kurdish language maybe we can regonise it as a official minority language and provide government services in kurdish . 
  also , you can choose kurdish as an elective subject in turkish schools nowadays . 
  as i have said before i am only against pkk and their terror . 
  the real issue in turkey is actually economy . 
  an average turk is richer than a kurd . 
  it is similar to north italy versus south italy . 
  while western turkey is richer the eastern turkey is poorer and the reason for that is pkks attacks in taht region . 
  investors do not want to invest in mainly kurdish cities because of pkk . 
  also we should let cypriots decide their own fate greece and my own country should stop interfering . 
  north cyprus is just an economic burden for turkey . 
  we spend billions on north cyprus . 
  but dont forget that in 2004 while turkish cypriots accepted annan plan greeks refused it . 
  what greek cypriots demand is unacceptable . 
  they want all of the turks which moved in to cyprus after 70s to leave and they also demand a predominantly greek government . 
  what rights ? 
  kurds have all of the right that i do have . 
  they are turkish citizens and have all of the rights . 
  anyway , there is no race part in turkish ids and turkish and kurdish names are mostly similar so how can the government separate the kurds in daily life ? 
  what a small percentage of kurds want is an independent state which is carved out of syria iraq iran and turkey . 
  i can only speak for the turks . 
  we will never allow anyone to take 1m ^ 2 of turkey . 
  our grandfathers and grandmothers fought and died for those lands . 
  however , i do totally agree on secularism and eu standards . 
  i do n't think akp will loose all of its power in a short time but from now on they wo n't be able to form a single party government . 
  even though , all of the coalition governments failed in turkish history maybe this time a coalition will improve our democracy and secularism . 
  i think the terrorist job market is more competitive nowadays so i guess higher education helps them find a job in becoming a suicide bomber . 
  that palace is from 1815, 
  yes, 
  we just want visa liberalization that money wont go in to the pockets of turkish citizens and we are annoyed by the refugee situation as much as europeans . . 
  there are 2.5 million refugees in turkey while there is only 600.000 refugees in entire eu ( 28 countries ) and everyone goes crazy . 
  try to understand us too !, 
  our gdp is almost 1 trillion dollars 1 or 2 billion dollars wont change anything for us . 
  anyway that money wont go in to the pockets turkish citizens . 
  we only care about visa liberalization . 
  there are 2.5 million refugees in turkey while there is only 600.000 refugees in entire eu ( 28 countries ) and everyone goes crazy . 
  try to understand us too !, 
  how do you guys expect us to handle 2.5 million refugees while eu ( 28 countries ) goes crazy for 600.000 refugees . 
  if we grant more rights to refugees all of the middle east will immigrate to turkey . 
  turkey might be considered undemocratic by european standards however in middle east turkey is still one of the most secular and democratic country . 
  we have the largest middle class in entire middle east, 
  we bring water to cyprus and you guys still do not like it, 
  according to turkish media we are not going to except it with out the visa liberalization, 
  even though i do n't support them they will still get at least 38 % . 
  they got most of their votes from uneducated conservative class . 
  they tend to support the akp no matter what happens . 
  they are like soccer fans , even their team is so bad they will still support it . 
  the main reason of their success comes from their economic success . 
  in the last 10 years their government quadrupled the gdp per capita . 
  the only thing that effects turkish votes is the economy , at least it used to be . 
  now more and more people is understanding that our secular and democratic values is more important . 
  so in the near future i am assuming that they will loose votes but as i have said before their voters are very conservative people and it is very hard to convince them . 
  ** in the last election ** akp the ruling party got 40 % of the votes ( conservative ) chp 25 % main opposition secular , democratic ( religious people and kurds hate this party ) mhp 16 % turkish nationalist they are islamist but at the same time they respect secularism and democracy ( ironic i know ) hdp 13 % pro- kurdish party there is a 10 % threshold to enter the parliament . 
  anyway , in the last election no one have managed to form a coalition ( mostly because of president and his fear of loosing his power ) so we are going to have a reelection in 2 weeks . 
  i am just telling but be ready for a coalition government in turkey for the first time in the last 15-20 years . 
  i will probably vote for either chp ( for secularism and democracy ) or mhp ( they will probably solve our terror problem by killing all terrorist ), 
  but probably still not us, 
  so we need to wait another 40 years or so i guess, 
  the muslims in germany can not even integrate when they come back to turkey . 
  to be honest you guys got the poorest and most uneducated people in 70s . 
  the problem with those people they still think that they still live in their village . 
  oh , you are saying that german doner kebab is better than ours . 
  man , i am so offended !, 
  for a second i though you were describing russians if i have n't read the muslim part,
