  ( also black tea ) the breakfast can be simple as this : http://www.trekkinginturkey.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/turkish-breakfast.jpg or on weekends it might be like this : https://aspaniardinturkey.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/kavalthi.jpg on special occasions it might be as big as this : http://www.hacibasar.com/page/kahvaltikeyfi/a20140218231953.jpg here are some examples of hot dishes : ( what you will probably eat at home ) http://www.karsiyakasitesi.com/fileupload/bs337691/urunresim/13931393.jpg http://www.oburcan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/asd-002.jpg http://www.kibrisfoni.com/admin/fckeditor/editor/images/ev%20yemegi ( 1 ) . jpg cold dishes : ( what you will probably eat at home ) http://www.e-tarifler.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/zeytin-yagli-kereviz.jpg http://www.enfesyemekler.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/zeytinyagli-pirasa.jpg http://www.kemalpasatatlisi.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/zeytinyagli_patlican_yemegi.jpg http://www.evdeevyemekleri.com/images/urun/103a77258a.jpg http://www.oktayustaninyemektarifleri.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/mercimekli-yaprak-sarma.jpg also you can eat many varieties of kebab however you guys already know that . 
  http://i.imgur.com/s6feggz.jpg ( i really like adana kebab ) my favourite is what we refer as raki balik sofasi ( eating meze 's ( appetisers ) and fish while drinking raki ) : http://s3-media1.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/cdjnkgi3eccc16fc82mhxw/o.jpg as you go from western turkey to eastern turkey the ratio of cooked food to non-cooked ( we do n't have that many non-cooked dishes but we do have lots of dishes served cold ) shifts towards cooked , as like for the sauces , it gets thicker the more you go east . 
  we put atleast one or two type of herbs . 
  turks prefer to eat their dinner around 6-7 pm but definitely not later than 8 pm . 
  one of my favourite food is manti ( turkish dumplings served with yoghurt sauce ) here is a link for the recipe : http://www.sbs.com.au/food/recipes/lamb-dumplings-yoghurt-and-sumac-manti feel free to ask me anything about turkish cuisine.i am pretty sure i did n't talk about the 95 % cuisine . 
  what do expect us to call pkk ( our fight is with pkk and pyd not with kurds ) instead of terrorist when they have killed thousands of our citizens including civilians and even babies ? 
  how can you justify killing civilians ? 
  you are a very wise man/women . 
  our border is 800 km with syria , how can we control it ? 
  we could n't even stop pkk fighter crossing the border for the past 30 years . 
  how are we supposed to seperate isis fighters from the reffugees , there are 2.5 million syrian refugees in turkey . 
  we are fighting with pkk ( a terrorist organisation recognised by usa , eu and nato , which is responsible for the death of 40.000 turkish citizens ) . 
  do not forget that kurdistan regional government in north iraq is an ally of turkey . 
  we allowed peshmerga to cross from turkey to fight with isis , we even trained peshmerga . 
  our problem is not with kurds . 
  our problem is with pkk and its affiliate ypg . 
  what do you expect us to do when these militants attack our security forces on daily bases . 
  you can not assume these groups as good just because they are fighting with \u0130s\u0130s , if that was the case than al-nusra is good . 
  there no such thing as good terrorist bad terrorist . 
  our fight is with terrorism and these kurdish groups are a bigger threat for us than isis ( i totally hate isis ) you should n't see kurds as a united group . 
  there are syrian kurds turkish kurds , iranian kurds and iraqi kurds . 
  the fact that they are fighting \u0130s\u0130s does n't make them innocent . 
  you can check the latest amnesty international report on the ethnic cleansing done by ypg in syria , they litteraly kick out the arabs and turkmens from the regions they control . 
  every time west gives weapons to ypg one week later those weapons are used by pkk to attack turkish security personal . 
  an article on turkish soldiers training kurdish peshmerga forces . 
  http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskcn0j60b720141122 do n't turn a blind eye to the inhuman things done by these kurdish militants to turkish people just because they are fighting isis . 
  we have no problem with kurds our fight is with pkk and ypg . 
  look at our relationship with kurdistan regional government . 
  we are doing what every other country would have done , fighting terrorist which killed 40.000 of our citizens including babies . 
  please try to understand us ? 
  we are sick of loosing people to this fight because of these pkk militants . 
  pkk and ypg is the same thing , they have shift fighters which some times fights for pkk sometimes for ypg . 
  as i have said before what they did was unacceptable . 
  but keep in mind that these guys booed the moment of silence for ankara attack too in which 140 turkish citizens died . 
  they are just fanatics . 
  their actions humiliated us . 
  i am ashamed of those guys . 
  i guess europeans does not realise that our border with iraq and syria is longer than 1000 km . 
  why usa can not seal its mexican border and stop all of the drug cartels ? 
  because their border is very long . 
  first of all they are football fans . 
  those fanatic football fans does not represent majority of turkey . 
  the same thing happened at the moment of silence for the memory of ankara attacks . 
  the capacity of that stadium is 17.000 . 
  lets say half of these people booed . 
  it is only 8.500 people . 
  turkeys populations is 77 million . 
  every time when there is a match these fanatics burn down the city . 
  they are anarchist . 
  they are uneducated thus way more conservative . 
  these people does not represent majority of turkey as like when there is a racist attack in europe this act does nor represent the majority of europeans . 
  so , please do n't judge majority of the turks based on what some stupid fanatics have done . 
  these fans literally boo every moment of silence even though it is for the memory if our killed soldiers . 
  what they have done was totally unacceptable also , the european attitude is unacceptable . 
  when there is a bomb goes in a middle eastern city no one cares ( after ankara attack no one care no one held a moment of silence ) when the majority of people isis kills is muslims europe does n't care . 
  as turkish citizen who never votes for erdogan and does not like most of his policies , i can easily say he is not a dictator as like putin is n't . 
  our democracies are flawed . 
  do n't forget that erdogan is elected by the turkish people with 52 % also his party won the latest general elections with 49 % . 
  there are 38 political parties in turkey in which 20 of these parties took a part in the elections . 
  do you really think that even the large opposition parties which gets millions of votes can not prove if erdogan or his affiliates rigged the elections ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  even though i do n't like him majority of central anatolia ( turkey ) loves him . 
  even though i do n't like him and do n't support him i do n't understand how can you call a democratically elected president dictator . 
  the problem in turkey is the flaws in our democracy . 
  this flaw is caused by uneducated people , they tend to vote for the wrong person . 
  mr.erdogans supporters have the lowest number of university graduate compared to other major political parties in turkey . 
  fyi the last two elections were criticised by eu observers . 
  however , they have said that there was n't a problem with the vote counting process , according to their reports the results are valid . 
  they are more concerned about press freedom in turkey before the elections . 
  why would he have travelled to almost 70 cities before the elections for campaigning ? 
  if he was a dictator he would have just rigged the elections . 
  the real problem as i have said before is the uneducated people in turkey . 
  which in most cases are more conservative . 
  these people who really votes for erdogan actually supports most of his actions . 
  the problem with democracies is if majority of you population is made out conservative , uneducated people the leader they will elect will be one them . 
  democracy !!, 
  holly shit !, 
  poor man, 
  mate , we know that you are not stupid . 
  most of the turkish people accepted the fact that we will never be accepted in to eu ( unless germany , france , greece , cyprus exits ) . 
  every one knows that we can not manipulate you in taking us in to eu , thats some thing huge . 
  our only demand is visa liberalisation a right granted to every candidate state . 
  the most of the turkish immigrants went to europe in 70s for the past 20 years the number of people left turkey for another country have dramatically decreased to a point which is almost 0 . 
  ( i am not talking about doctors , engineers ... ) . 
  as a student i am sick of collecting 50 pages of documents and pay 75euros every time i want to go to schengen region . 
  if a turk really wants to immigrate in to europe they can easily fly in to european country which are not eu meters and just walk in to europe for 49 euros . 
  border security in those countries are not thigh as turkey . 
  ( fyi our border control is a joke ) . 
  so , i do n't understand why turkish citizens are required to get a schengen visa . 
  any way we have already sign an agreement which will liberalise the visa requirements for turkish citizens in 2017-18 . 
  an average turk does n't care about the money that eu is willing to pay turkey for providing improved conditions for refugees since that money wo n't go in to his/her pocket . 
  even though an average turk probably does n't have money to travel , it will be still an amazing thing for us , knowing that we can just fly in to europe by just buying a plane ticket . 
  no paper work , no visa fee and i hate waiting to hand my visa application all day . 
  for us turks it is as simple as that . 
  pkk killed more turkish citizens than any other terrorist organisations . 
  they are a great threat for our national security . 
  yes these officers are retarded however , fyi those are plastic bullets, 
  yes they always do it . 
  they are protesting the terror attacks in turkey . 
  in the last one month 140 turkish security personal was murdered by pkk and isis .
