  yes, 
  it dropped around 40 % after the coup attempt . 
  however , now everything seems to be fine . 
  european tourist seems to replaced by russians , central asians and arabs . 
  i do n't know why he did that , however there is more to him being released . 
  he is currently in a mental hospital . 
  it is actually around 3.5 $ instead of 2,5, 
  what i mean by communist style is these kind of building which u can always see in bulgaria romania ukraine armenia and ofcourse russia . 
  https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrarlenesf9iwjctjvs1kvatslesmn7j0uzeb0dvwiek8k9rmrxxdxw97l8 the buildings you shared picture of are just toki style buildings . 
  they do n't look communist . 
  this is so tall, 
  so what 's wrong with that . 
  at least they are tourist bringing money . 
  most of our border towns have a similar demographics ratio as you have mentioned on top but instead of tourist we have refugees . 
  so please stop complaining . 
  what can i say , like many other nations , we really like to occupy/s, 
  we also do n't have that . 
  those lines are out there only for design purposes . 
  atleast that 's the case in turkey, 
  our roads are not that bad compared to eastern europe . 
  i have been to bulgaria , romania , croatia bosnia , kosovo ... basically except greece no other country in eastern europe has better roads than us . 
  this is my personal experience based on my trips to those countries . 
  i was trying to figure out which one of our cities have communist style buildings . 
  turkey is also part of the program, 
  that sounds like a crazy idea / s, 
  here is a similar video from our president / s https://youtu.be/ygd9b6j9nbg, 
  meet , t\u00fcrko\u011flu https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrprhobzojn02syn5ke4buyx85in0sxxxtq9icu12fzw-han8aiioqquj2kyq, 
  burn !!!, 
  if we had a nuke our beloved leaders would n't hide it instead they will promote the fact that they have a nuke in every way possible . 
  chp made the right decision of not supporting demirta\u015f cause if they did they would have lost a lot of votes from the secular nationalist voters . 
  it feels like being in the same room with 1000 soviet conscripts . 
  i am sick of these armenians violating our airspace every single day . 
  when are they gon na finish building it ? 
  attack !!!, 
  you ca n't imagine how jealous i am, 
  what is so hard to understand pkk kills civilians in turkey and west gives weapons to groups directly linked to pkk . 
  traitor earthquake, 
  i am more of a ps , xbox guy , i just hate everything about nintendo and their consoles, 
  as a turk i do n't think it was staged . 
  i think it was a really coup attempt however , i think erdo\u011fan learned about this beforehand and planned according to him . 
  i do n't think the coup was staged because all of the political leaders were against a coup . 
  even the akp ( ruling party ) and chp ( main opposition ) had rallied together protesting the coup attempt . 
  i do n't like erdo\u011fan but i think gulen is a way worser islamist . 
  i am only praying for a ps vr, 
  it is really not funny, 
  i still do n't get it ? 
  so putin is a european leader while erdo\u011fan is n't ? 
  they dropped them in italy, 
  probably, 
  or we could just be the texas of europe, 
  four five pints is just breakfast for these guys, 
  no one has to fuck us since one day mother nature is going to that to us turks , greeks and italians, 
  ayasofya is located on the other side of the pond seen on the picture, 
  just out of curiosity , does andorra have a head of state ? 
  journalist are even behind isis / s, 
  so that our leaders can build palaces, 
  all of it !, 
  this was organized by the truck drivers association for the third istanbul airport . 
  also with our new millitary bases in qatar and somalia we can project our power to gulf region, 
  thanks for informing me, 
  we both have almost the same genes, 
  so greeks and turks are the same race, 
  i do n't think so , i think the women just represents turkish women 's fought in the war . 
  next week we will join the african union, 
  they will most likely get promotions, 
  i already got my bulgarian pr just in case . 
  or like china we can only have government owned ones, 
  to be honest i am also against full face veil it is almost impossible to id someone wearing one . 
  they can just wear normal headscarf which is totally okay with islam . 
  we do n't have a problem with kurds iraqi kurdistan is our ally . 
  we have a problem with terrorist organisations like ypg and pkk . 
  in turkey the airport security ask every single passenger to turn their laptop on to check if the battery was replaced with an explosives . 
  i guess from an x-ray point of view laptop batteries and c4 should look similar . 
  we have the same joke in turkey , i think it is a very common one, 
  so are your shorts and tshirts ready for the summer ? 
  it is a day off from work with celebrations and protests, 
  it is an offical holiday in turkey, 
  let 's send them a ship full of albeni to improve relations than, 
  btw thats northern cyprus not turkey . 
  just look at the car plates when he walks out . 
  so basically being christian is enough to make these countries european, 
  i am fine with the fascist however calling us arabs really hurt my feelings, 
  who is responsible for it ? 
  but why ? 
  thats the only thing that will prevent us going in to civil war . 
  trying that will unite all of the turkey, 
  flash news : erdogan orders pierogi for all turks . 
  nope , he just let the actual criminals out so that he can jail the opposition, 
  can you please not send them back to turkey ? 
  try saudi arabia they will be happy there . 
  episode vi : rebirth of ottomans episode vii : recep tayyip erdo\u011fan strikes back episode viii : return of the dictator, 
  yes, 
  since his palace has 1000 rooms why not let 1000 stay . 
  variety is always better . 
  trump was one of the first leader who called him to congratulate the election results, 
  yeap , every day except his birthday in which every turkish women should wear sexy clothes and give him a visit in his palace . 
  rural parts of turkey tends to get their news from tv . 
  since majority of the tv channels are pro-government , it is very easy to manipulate these guys . 
  from their point of view they get the true news from the tv while \u0130nternet is full of western lies . 
  even though i hate him i still respect the people of my country and their decisions even though some 50 % of them are mentally retarded .
