  but no one pays for example turkey spent 3 billion dollar only in last year for refugees while the foreign aid we received for the refugees in the last 4 years is was about 150 million usd . 
  i was watching turkish news last night and they were interviewing a syrian couple . 
  after the war started they had 2 kids , are they fucking crazy who fucking have a kid in a refugee camp . 
  they basically have no way to provide for a kid . 
  why have not one but 2 kids while you are feeling from a war . 
  i 'm am not sure but i think saudis have multiple wives not syrians however i might be wrong, 
  they are headed to red light district in amsterdam , they are using germany as a gateway to netherlands and this the reason why they are leaving their family behind so no one finds out . 
  first of all , in turkey they can work because refugees do n't have work permits . 
  turkey has almost 80 million population half of it younger than 28 so basically , there was enough cheap labor . 
  no one wants to hire syrians since it will cause problem with the police . 
  also , syria is considerably cheaper than turkey . 
  the reason they immigrate europe is just to earn more money not because their lives are at risk ( considering that they have already made out of syria and iraq or any other war zone . ), 
  they think of europe in a way once the europeans thought about america . 
  it is basically their own european version of american dream . 
  they just want a new start , they believe that europe is a utopia . 
  that 's why they are even willing to die to reach this utopia . 
  the problem is when they reach to europe they face with the same problems all over again , no jobs , no places to stay etc. 
  there are almost 2 million refugees in turkey . 
  most of them lives in eastern turkey which is lightly populated , in most towns syrians population is higher than the residents of the town . 
  turkey spent 3 billion dollar only in last years for the refugees and the total foreign aid we received was around 150 million dollars . 
  also , syrians culture is different than turkish culture , unlike what europeans think turkey is probably culturally more closer to balkan states than middle eastern states . 
  also these refugees are uneducated and they do n't know how to sleek turkish . 
  these refugees are a huge burden on turkey . 
  i want to ask you why should all of the refugees stay in turkey ? 
  i do n't only blame eu on their policies against refugees , russia and arab states are basically doing nothing . 
  why do n't countries like saudi arabia take these refugees ? 
  they have money , they speak the same language , same religion , same race . 
  acttualy most of the woman and children stay in turkey . 
  so they are safe, 
  i love russia , they ban so many things that my country looks liberal compared to them . 
  i do n't know it is more expensive in turkey thats why i was surprised since it is very hard to find a place cheaper than turkey in europe ( except bulgaria romania and moldova ), 
  every sunny day is an opportunity to cook kebab, 
  actually we only want the islands you guys can keep the mainland . 
  i like to visit greece from time to time and i love it, 
  hahaha, 
  he fucked the economy up , that caused price of everything to drop . 
  i have visited thessaloniki like 1 moths ago and if i paid something with cash some vendors offered up to 20 % discount . 
  i have bought 6 * 1.5 l water for 1 euros, 
  can we buy the whole country ? 
  this place is way better than r/worldnews, 
  jews and their paranoias . 
  they always claim to be the victims . 
  nato should set up a huge bufferzone on the syrian and iraqi side of the turkish border . 
  that border is longer than 1000km we need nato 's help, 
  yes, 
  i think we the election results will be exactly same with the june 7 elections considering that no one will change their votes in a short period . 
  i really wonder what they are going to do second , go for a third re election and i they can form a coalition that time , the people will ask why they could not form it the first time and spent 4 months for nothing . 
  ( because of these elections turkish lira devalued 20 % since the beginning of 2015 ), 
  please do this after the re elections we cant handle another war . 
  there is a great mosque and the left is europe and right is asia separated by the bosphorus strait https://i.vimeocdn.com/video/496208030_640.jpg, 
  barcelona or london . 
  barcelona has way better food so i guess barcelona, 
  no not in turkey we have tree major clubs fenerbahce , galatasaray and besiktas . 
  their supporters are thinks that their clubs are the best teams in the world . 
  however , even the supporters of small clubs will never support a foreign team . 
  pkk ( kurdish militants ) terrorist killed almost 15 soldiers in the past week . 
  according to the latest announcement from the military as a result of our airstrikes against pkk and isis 770 terrorists are killed . 
  we are going to have re-elections because non of the parties managed to form a coalition goverment ( erdogan played a huge role in successful attempts to fail the coalition talks ) turkish lira hit the record low against every currency i can think of we will be hosting g 20 in 22 november in antalya and i think we will be the first country host it with out an elected goverment . 
  considering that the temporary election government is formed by the president not by election . 
  there is a chaos in the south east turkey ( kurdish majority regions ) kurdish rebels tried to declare self declared autonomy and army declared security zones to prevent that . 
  our exports have dropped comparing the same week last year . 
  basically as youthanasian said '' shit hit the fan '' , turkey could n't achieve any of its objectives in 2015, 
  i didnt saw taksim part . 
  if thats the case you are right . 
  enjoy it is similar to greek uozo and my preference is to drink raki with turkish meze ( tappas like appetisers ) and fish . 
  enjoy !, 
  ok it 's good that people trying to help refugees however what about the shop owner , he is probably a poor guy him working day and night to provide money for his family . 
  even though , that women help people in need it is still a crime and she should n't have done that, 
  will have re elections again and i am assuming no one is going to chance their votes in 2 months period . 
  what is he going to do when his party could n't get the majority again ? 
  are we going to have 20 re elections ? 
  turkey needs a coalition government , if people did not want that they would not vote this way . 
  i am hopping that our politicians stop thinking about their own pockets and start thinking about the country . 
  if not we might end up like our neighbours , however i am pretty sure the army wont allow that and there will be military coup which will set turkey 15 years back . 
  we love raki thats why, 
  actually last year turkey and eu signed a pre-agreement for visa liberalisation . 
  turkey signed re-admission agreement and it said it would do its best to prevent refugees crossing to europe . 
  if turkey complies with this agreement for 3 years eu will allow turkish citizens to enter schengen area with out a visa . 
  after the first year , on the contrary to negative news about turkey allowing refugees to pass freely , eu 's first year report indicates the opposite and says that turkey is doing greet considering the huge number of refugees it is hosting ( 2.000.000 ) . 
  as turks we also do n't want refuges however , what can we do they are human beings who are running away from war and we cant turn a blind eye to that . 
  turkey spent around 3 billon usd on refuges since this started and the help we get from eu , un and others was only 200 million usd . 
  considering that eu does n't want more refugees , if they give us more money we could create better living conditions , jobs and services and this would make refugees stay in turkey . 
  i wonder if we can break the record for having 10 re elections in the next 2 years !, 
  likewise for turks, 
  that eu does n't want us even though the majority of turkey is pro eu, 
  no problem we wont eat that still if there is raki we are still there, 
  dont forget turkey if there is raki, 
  i just tried to access it now and i can, 
  '' a government official said turkey had asked twitter to remove 107 urls with images of the aftermath of the bombing . '', 
  so you can still access twitter, 
  everyone hates turks, 
  our master plan !, 
  wtf !, 
  imagine driving to supermarket with that, 
  even in turkey support is only 1.3 % what the puck is happening in europe it is becoming more and more like a terrorist training camp http://www.milliyet.com.tr/isid-e-turkiye-den-destek-var-mi--gundem-1946154/, 
  we have better d\u00f6ner kabab , i do n't give a shit about the rest oh also what you americans call soccer europe is way better at that too, 
  oh , thanks easpd we have been wanting those lands back for 100 year 's, 
  nice !, 
  come to turkey it is like 100 km away just the other side of aegean, 
  since it is a christian thing no,
