there 's no place for opinions when it comes to the fact of innocent people being killed . 
  i too find the lack of balls in this continent depressing . 
  stay strong , mate . 
   ... but ukraine has no right to demand all the european countries put themselves in danger because of ukraines wishes either budapest memorandum anyone ? 
  we will definitely see all of it in action . 
  anytime now . 
  about time . 
  as a lithuanian i choose our northern neighbours . 
  i love you , latvia, 
  ok , so that 's one !, 
  probably there was not a single time throughout a history of time when russia would do anything good to any other country without actually attempting to invade , occupy or otherwise harm it as a result of that aid . 
  trusting russia 's good intentions - not even once . 
  huylo and the leaders of civilized world, 
  i think what he meant is that far right and far left are both socialist , one targeting a class while the other targets ethnicity . 
  unsure if makes sense , both are equally rubbish imho . 
  it 's odd how the electorate are flapping between socialism and facism there . 
  now that 's concerning . 
  i appreciate and kind of feel pleased if foreigners ( and i mean expats ) choose to learn lithuanian while they stay , but i would never set this as an expectation . 
  the default is to speak english with them and i think it would not make much sense the other way around . 
  yup , founder of nkvd which was known for public executions , torture , etc. 
  i can not back it up now but imo it was way worse than kgb ever was . 
  he was also the one expanding the labour camp system . 
  like he never done anything else than killings and torture . 
  i ca n't even comprehend why anyone in their sane mind would appreciate anything this person did . 
  also about supression of a group . 
  it 's a thing in lithuania that you ca n't establish a party that would openly speak nazi or communist ideas . 
  normally i would agree with you however our historical bacground and geographic location has to be taken into account . 
  after regaining the independence in 1990 the leftovers of communist party attempted to establish a situation that could be looked at as a civil war so that the red army would come to the rescue which they tried to do a bit later causing civilian casualties ( jan 13 , 1991 ) . 
  the leaders of this fled to russia and those who did n't were brought to trial rendering the communist party illegal as anti-state . 
  and for nazi it should be obvious as relatively many ethnic lithuanians collaborated with nazis during ww2 and it is a stigma here . 
  now we do have national youth ( pro-nazi ) and socialist front parties now and both of them together never collect more than 1 % of a vote in ellections the ban is still in place as a never again statement . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying you are defending it i 'm just surprised of how many people are . 
  in regards to the u.s. if i had to choose whether to live in the states or in ussr ( or rf ) i would choose u.s without a crystal of a doubt . 
  and i think many redditors would regardless of that u.s. bashing and russia praising is ( or rather was before putins another little war commenced ) a thing in this community . 
  not saying us are perfect , americans know better . 
  it always surprises me when people mention idustrialisation and/or modernisarion as perks of ussr . 
  western world have managed to go through all this without gulags and collectivisation , have n't they ? 
  i 'm pretty confident that most of the former soviet states would have been better without it . 
  especially russia with all the natural resources it has . 
  also this : http://www.novayagazeta.ru/storage/p/2014/05/01/1398942234_776632_74.jpg oit of all the scums somebody managed to pick berya ? 
  wow , just wow . 
  you do n't see many soviet union flags and pictures of stalin being carried around `` all over a world '' . 
  regime that is directly responsible for hundreds of thousands ( if not millions ) of deaths including russians themselves is no different from any other of such kind and should not be adored . 
  as sobebody else mentioned you do n't see germans celebrating hitler 's birthday on the streets of berlin much . 
  of course it 's all in the eye of the beholder and is a subject to local laws , however i fail to comprehend how can somebody be apologetic to any of these regimes and their crimes in current society . 
  living there sometimes makes me forget how beautiful it actually is . 
  thanks buddy . 
  i 've seen this map somewhere on facebook with numbers of troop divisions , tanks and fighter jets against each european country . 
  i was surprised of how strong poland actually is compared to any eastern european country . 
  while in lithuania we actually rely on poland to come to the rescue if anything , you know , would happen . 
  just to add to your `` the crimean population wants to be with russia , let it . '', 
  statement , i partially agree with it . 
  let them keep it , it will be yet another highly successful and valuable win , next to abhazia or transnistria / sarcasm although this is probably not the case here this attitude may be harmful . 
  with enough funding the propoganda works pretty well . 
  having a successful precedent it would not take long for certain parts of other countries to claim a wish `` to be with russia '' . 
  it would not even require a military intervention , economic blocade of the rf and and the crimea would do much more damage . 
  also if i 'm not mistaken crimea itself is totally dependent on ukraine when it comes to a supply of drinking water and electricity . 
  good for you . 
  other people might bring some company confidential data with them and risk being sued in their countries for the disclosure and otherwise held in custody for not disclosing . 
  in a meanwhile good luck waiting for your company 's lawyers to get to the us while you share the same cell with some drug dealers, 
  what if they take my company issued laptop while on a business trip ? 
  i work in a bank and can possibly have some confidential stuff relating to other people and companies out there . 
  what if the laptop will be online when they will try to seize it ? 
  if i will shut it down in their presence ( the hdd is encrypted ) they will definitely find that suspicious and my trip will be ruined if they will take it and hold me in custody for not unlocking the device , if not - some smartass will browse through the confidential files of a foreign bank !, 
  yes and this is because we are the southernmost of all the nordic and baltic states . 
  we 're like spain of north-eastern europe !, 
  i think the difference between the us and eu from sovereignty perspective is that the us was established as a new country as a consequence of gaining independence while in eu case the countries would lose their independence from geopolitical point of view . 
  and while people in the us identify themselves as us citizens in a first place rather than citizens of their state as such , in the eu it would be the opposite . 
  edit : and this should have been a reply to nod23 's post above yours so apologies if this looks a bit random . 
  videos : http://news.liga.net/video/politics/932675-video_krovavogo_razgona_lyudey_nochyu_na_maydane.htm, 
  ukraine , it 's now your turn !, 
  hands a last bite of a potato * winter is coming *, 
  russian influence got very strong recently . 
  they are paving the way for us to turn back east quite successfully as well . 
  manipulating dumb peasants in rural areas proves to be a succesfull tactic, 
  what we have now is gazprom and only gazprom which is being constantly used as a tool to punish us for not licking putin 's balls . 
  we need a west funded player in our market to stop a monopoly asap . 
  nobody else ever wanted to step in except for chevron and now thanks to our putin apologist leftist government we are still dependent on gazprom . 
  edit : a word edit2 : we are currently under russian economic blockade simply for leading eu council now . 
  we have a psycho ruled country beside us - and we need as much of us and eu in our markets as we can get, 
  lovely, 
  hungarian jewish . 
  not exactly the same ( as discussed above ) . 
  haha , i 've seen two or three of those on reddit !, 
  is this really a thing in romania ? 
  polish might be too religious to actually attempt to kill a person . 
  also there are only circa 13k russians in poland as opposed to cc 180k in lithuania and this , as discussed above , might have some influence over the overall crime rate . 
  would be interesting to compare against the stats of alcohol consumption per person . 
  i bet it would start to make sense, 
  duuude . . we 're saving in order to have the euro so that we could contribute in repaying the debts of the southerners !, 
  congratz dear neighbour !, 
  a nato ally satelite country ? 
  could n't be better !, 
  let 's better call a referendum on tax paying, 
  yes but it 's a bit different here . 
  the rf has recently ( last year if i recall that correctly ) started legal action against citizens of former soviet states , not rf , who have refused to be drafted to the red army during and post indepence declaration of these states in 1990/1991 . 
  so it 's not a simple rights and obligations claim this one . 
  i 'm confused how can this be in u.n. 's agenda at all ? 
  given this was the thing why not vote on re-establishment of slavery or that women are treated worse in israel than in saudi arabia . 
  he did n't say anything new - as you have said it is natural and comes by default .
