  which is what norway and switzerland have . 
  the only practical difference between them and full-fledged eu members is that eu members actually have representation and get to vote on the laws they have to accept . 
  and also lose practically all of your exports due to tariffs . 
  good luck with living in the worst economic catastrophe in the nation 's history . 
  nobody cares what tiny netherlands has to say . 
  but in the eu , whose members of parliament are democratically elected , mind you , you can influence what the biggest economy in the world has to say . 
  what 's your justification for this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/israeli_settlement there is no moral upper hand when both sides are aggressors . 
  america is paradise if you - are white - come from a wealthy background - never get seriously sick - never have kids - do n't live in the south - do n't live in debt - never use a phone or the internet - can work from home - do n't mind the fact that half of the city consists of areas you do n't want to enter, 
  everything goes south when you get to tallinn . 
  belarus itself means white russia in slavic . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moin also , the swedish speakers of southern finland tend to greet with a `` mojn , '' further strengthening the ties . 
  i thought my eye and patriotic instinct could n't be fooled ( i always guess finland and the approximate region right immediately in geoguessr ) but holy shit [ that ] ( http://static1.1.sqspcdn.com/static/f/556426/24824119/1399055842987/moosetail+lk_panorama+smaller.jpg?token=vktcyofhnqamydnzgerdd37dbxo%3d ) looks exactly like southern-ish finland . 
  do n't say that means mole train because goddamn it afrikaans . 
  we do have a thousand lakes . 
  just 186 888 more too . 
  what year ? 
  yup . 
  to this day , we in finland still greet each other with `` moi , '' from the dutch `` mooi ( en dag ) . '', 
  we can understand the chorus yet almost everything else is gibberish ( mul on bemariin uuet kumit ) 2 . 
  it 's funny because it 's cringey 3 . 
  it reinforces the stereotype of estonian wannabe gangsters driving recklessly in older black bmws, 
  at least someone found it funny . 
  it 's done its job . 
  i do n't care if my comment 's success is humongous big . 
  the oslo dialect that is . 
  the other dialects , wtf . 
  it 's only a post , vhy you heff to mad ? 
  definitely not a fool . 
  we all know that a lot of other countries celebrate christmas on the 25th , so it 's no biggie . 
  what / u/jonttoni said . 
  the 24th is the big day and the 25th is just a mental hangover day when you do nothing and maybe enjoy the gifts you got the day before . 
  is she a dead hog ? 
  they wo n't bite the hand that feeds them . 
  front national , for example , is overwhelmingly funded by putin . 
  it 's also in russia 's favor to divide europeans and have them focus on internal things instead of russia fucking up ukraine and the middle east . 
  finnish , english , swedish , french , german , spanish , italian . 
  said the russian when he saw a door hinge . 
  not eastern europe , but i raise you kouvola , finland : http://i.imgur.com/fjeslan.jpg, 
  this . 
  i 've flown to seattle via keflav\u00edk , and there 's about 20 seats per 200 passengers . 
  it 's insanely crowded . 
  i like how we 're father north than the southern border of the canadian territories but the thought of weather in the provinces ( with the exception of bc ) is enough to send chills down my spine . 
  it 's actually + -0 weather that 's the worst for the roads . 
  water expands when it freezes and the temperature going repeatedly above and below freezing makes for larger and larger pores in the asphalt for the water to dig into . 
  i wish we had weather this warm for midsummer . 
  i personally identify as woman-kin . 
  as someone currently in the military , women are better than most men . 
  they have a strong urge to succeed and show men that they can do it . 
  young men tend to not give a shit . 
  we should use women 's feminism for good instead of tumblrism . 
  the rest , the unmotivated , should do civil service , which would help our troubled care for the elderly , for example . 
  dodgers always go to jail . 
  but unlike halonen , i do n't think niinist\u00f6 has used his presidential powers to pardon any of them . 
  that 's `` conscription , '' though . 
  nowhere near the finnish model where 75-80 % of * all * men go to the army . 
  the crimes did n't take place here . 
  they are suspected of doing them in iraq before they sought asylum here . 
  just thought i should clarify that . 
  or urban development . 
  because holy shit . 
  well , read anything about ukraine lately ? 
  russia is on the offensive there right now . 
  they 're everywhere in helsinki . 
  even my primary school and the church in my neighborhood have holes in the granite . 
  they 're all left there as reminders . 
  the first slice is always delicious but after that it becomes `` gross , what the fuck . '', 
  totally democratic and definitely not a dictatorial soviet puppet , am i right ? 
  uh , i believe that 's a russian anti-aircraft missile system in the window . 
  romania is both eu and nato . 
  they have bad memories of russian-backed puppet dictators . 
  romania is hostile territory . 
  kaliningrad can be accessed through international waters and airspace . 
  transnistria is literally inaccessible for russia . 
   then there 's the fact that switzerland is quoted a lot in discussions about the eu ( as in how britain can prosper outside the eu ) . 
  lmao . 
  this is especially funny because switzerland pays membership fees to the eu and has to accept eu laws whose creation and forming they ca n't even affect . 
  the only reason why switzerland and norway are n't * officially * in the eu is because of the disinformation among their people . 
  britain could only lose by leaving the eu . 
  the tesla x looks a bit too boxy for my tastes , but yes , not all electric cars look like shit . 
  but now that ukraine is no longer friends with russia and do n't let russian supplies to transnistria through , would n't it be easy to just reconquer ? 
  ah , reminds me of the old and lesser know lebenplatz or lebensgebiet or whatever-it-was-called technique . 
  very classy , very innovative , putin . 
  just food for thought : how many times a day do you use phrases like `` thank god , '' `` oh my god , '' `` jeez , '' `` mother of god , '' `` bless you , '' `` god damnit , '' `` goodness gracious , '' and `` good lord ? '', 
  an allahu akbar here and there does n't really mean anything , trust me . 
  wallah . 
  trust me , blackouts are n't unusual in ukraine and russia . 
  hospitals are most definitely prepared with backup generators . 
  i 'm sure even poor shitholes like crimea have backup generators for hospitals . 
  it * is * ominous . 
  some person in porvoo is * thrilled * . 
  pretty much this . 
  only old people are left and people living on pension money are n't traditionally speaking rich . 
  i can see that you 've never fired one . 
  for those who do n't know : this means that no sustained fire ( ratatatatatat ) is allowed . 
  only single shots ( pew pew pew ) by each pull of a trigger . 
  says the demilitarized region . 
  as someone in the finnish defense forces , fuck thursdays . 
  the eiffel tower was n't meant to last forever either . 
  wait , so do muscovites really say horosho instead of harasho ? 
  as terrible as it is , when i first read about the russian plane , the first words that came to my mind were `` karma '' and `` irony . '',
