  every time i fly with icelandair , i ca n't help but notice how close danish spoken with an icelandic accent sounds to [ finland swedish . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of-j11kdhew ), 
  i know that phrase from dragostea din tei . 
  yeah , how are we supposed to go to the square if suomi is n't mainittu ? 
  they must sell a lot of green craic . 
  do n't underestimate us finns and our perversion towards farming subsidies . 
  `` svampe , svampe ... '' explains everything that happens in that clip . 
  i started reading this and did n't notice it was gibberish until i got to the b. 
  holland is almost as good as belgium . 
  wow . 
  he really said that . 
  man , times are changing . 
  they do n't even put the potatoes in . 
  they slice one up but it never makes it in the frying pan . 
  burp . 
  it 's not a general rule , it 's * the * rule finnish spelling is built upon . 
  double consonants and double vowels are always long , single consonants and single vowels are always short . 
  the dutch system is pretty logical too . 
  just different . 
  the rule is that if a consonant has a vowel on each side , the first vowel is doubled in length . 
  makes sense to me at least . 
  and huis -  huizen has to do with a sound change . 
  it 's the so called gooise r. 
  it 's all in the context . 
  finnish does n't play around with phonetics . 
  short vowels are always short , double vowels are always doubly as long , emphasis always falls on the first syllable , and no tonality . 
  make sure to stretch the double vowels really long , though , to avoid making it sound like piss is on fire . 
  there 's a misspelling , so it ca n't be machine translated . 
  just by someone who should n't be translating finnish . 
  also the content between the scandi and finnish versions vary greatly . 
  links ? 
  it is . 
  i 've made it my mission to learn to understand danish perfectly and it 's way easier than it seems . 
  it just uses a different logic when it comes to pronouncing words . 
  i could n't find a wiki page in a language i understand . 
  care to explain really briefly what that is ? 
  immigration forms in the us only ask about conviction . 
  you will be barred from most jobs that require a security clearance , getting a driver 's license can get difficult ( especially in norway , i 've heard ) , and non-eu countries like the us , canada , australia , and japan can bar your entry and deny visas , and they often do , even if weed was legal in the state you 're flying to . 
  i posted this already in another comment , but in finland , sweden , and norway , the possession of marijuana is a felony . 
  you practically always end up getting a fine but your criminal record will say that you have been prosecuted for a felony narcotics crime . 
  in both finland and sweden , cannabis is a felony for which you can technically be sent to jail . 
  even if you get off with a fine like you usually do , your criminal record will still have a mark for felony drug possession . 
  to be fair , i think the netherlands should take the cake . 
  finland still does n't have legal gay marriage ( although it 's coming ) , forces transgendered people to castrate themselves before recognizing their new gender , and the use of marijuana for personal use carries the maximum penalty of 6 months in prison . 
  i 've lived in both countries and people , me included , feel more free to do whatever the fuck we want here in the netherlands than in finland . 
  can you even be a real country before you participate ? 
  my little pony ? 
  this is me with 99 % of all eu legislation . 
  central ? 
  i wonder how this would work , though . 
  could your american friends not find you or see your chat replies ? 
  but theresa a chance she may not do it . 
  the parliament has n't voted on it yet . 
  can confirm . 
  albert heijn has an insane number of products for -30 % off . 
  lmao , have fun walking 800 ~ ~ meters ~ ~ yards from the closest parking spot you could find to where you really wanted to go in an inner city in the states . 
  i 've had connecting flights from keflav\u00edk four times , so i 've seen the icelandic landscape a few times . 
  i was under the impression that they did n't have any whatsoever , but i managed to find this small parcel of land southeast of reykjav\u00edk where it turns out they do : https://www.google.nl/maps/@64.0853586,-21.7535441,3a,60y,185.29h,81.52t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1suxrcwcq_-vioicmfljishw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656, 
  dc is mostly black and poor . 
  i love how you did n't even try to answer the question . 
  waar is nederland ? 
  you are quite innovative with your horrible misspellings of the word `` crises , '' the plural of `` crisis . '', 
  but i do n't blame you , english can be a struggle for those who did n't go to school long enough to learn to speak it . 
  muok . 
  there 's something very uncanny valley about him that just freaks me out . 
  i 'm quite triggered by the wrong conjugation of `` sjunga '' in this context , considering that he claims to be a nordist . 
  and i call my side of bacon david . 
  a tiny bit too sweet for my liking but for a 60 cent bottle not bad at all . 
  i usually prefer cold coffee over hot anyway and good ice coffee is generally hard to find . 
  not complaining but i do see why italians would n't like it . 
  also the coffee was bought in the netherlands . 
  i think it 's just a benefr label and belgium is just being belgium . 
  am a fi -  nl expat . 
  quite prussian in general attitude , though . 
  can confirm . 
  the one next to the haagse markt . 
  / r/hailcorporate . 
  he 's a swamp german . 
  they 're a different breed . 
  do they embrace the culture at all or do they stick to their british ways and traditions ? 
  when i moved here , i just dropped trying to emulate finland and stuck to bitterballen and hagelslag . 
  my stay here is going to be anywhere between 3 years and a lifetime so why not try to learn as much about the country as possible and live like a local . 
  remember to visit the denneweg-hooigracht-nieuwe uitleg area . 
  it 's the hague at its prettiest , imho . 
  more pictures . 
  did n't know brits spoke american . 
  by the jihad triangle , i 'm guessing you mean schilderswijk ? 
  funnily enough , i literally * just * had a walk there . 
  you 'll be the only whitey there for sure but i 've never had any trouble there , and everyone speaks dutch to each other . 
  it looks very neat to me , and my conservative father did n't even notice it was `` bad '' neighborhood until i pointed out how disproportionate the number of immigrants is there . 
  it 's also gentrifying very quickly because of the new construction around den haag hs . 
  i 'd be more afraid of amsterdam , to be honest , because of pushers , pickpockets , and drunk englishmen . 
  i do n't find amsterdam nearly as gezellig as the hague but i 'm originally from helsinki so i might be biased towards what feels most familiar . 
  edit : gave you an upvote because you 're asking a legitimate question about a place you have never visited . 
  edit 2 : also , haagse bos  vondelpark . 
  can vow for the hague . 
  it 's by far my favorite city in the country , and i 'm glad i made the right choice of moving here before even having visited amsterdam , rotterdam , and utrecht . 
  the hague 's got a little bit of everything : beach resort , old town , canals , modern architecture , monumental structures , it 's not dead or quiet but also no swarms of tourists like in amsterdam , nice caf\u00e9s and restaurants , good public transportation , a chinatown , internationalism , and coffeeshops and red lights districts in true dutch fashion ... 
  i 'm all depressed on this blessed day !, 
  sweden no ?
