  slightly worse . 
  source : live in nl . 
  this is the most mountain-looking `` mountain '' we have , though . 
   it 's 11-15 $ / m2 to rent , which is typical berlin prices wow , what the fuck . 
  i 'm moving to berlin . 
  edit : https://asunnot.oikotie.fi/vuokrattavat-asunnot?cardtype=101&amp;locations=%5b%5b6610799,4,%22etel%c3%a4-helsinki,%20helsinki%22%5d%5d&amp;price%5bmin%5d=600&amp;price%5bmax%5d=800&amp;pagination=1, 
  no , it 's still grammar that 's the hardest part . 
  the dutch verb order is fucked . 
  i 've learned a lot of vocabulary through osmosis , and i 'd speak it quite well if the verb order were half as easy and logical as german . 
  dit is niet true . 
  close though . 
  gr\u00e4nsh\u00f6gsp\u00e4nningshinder in swedish . 
  damn right . 
  if i were racist , climate change would scare me shitless . 
  we 're all european on this blessed day !, 
  that 's what i 've heard , too . 
  and i imagine that weekend festival ( calvin harris and martin garrix type teensy pop ) is quite a nightmare too . 
  my father lives in a nearby neighborhood , and the amount of trash and reckless traffic , at least , indicate a crowd devoid of any manners . 
  surprising color scheme though . 
  they should have used orange . 
  karis , finland 's paris . 
  they should spam the shit out of them with big rocks and small boulders . 
  we share history , we hold our forks in our left hands , do n't talk to strangers unless we absolutely need to , we do n't have suck-up customer service ... 
  there are plenty of things european countries have in common that do n't apply to other western countries . 
  yeah , it * looks * that way . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  this . 
  i know a few luxembourgers but none of them actually live in luxembourg . 
  2010 dollars were worth more so the figure should be smaller , not bigger . 
  good old vvd : `` we should n't do what 's right because outsiders might not like it . '', 
  thank god for d66 and gl . 
  damn right . 
  anders bering breivik , deadlier than all other terrorists in the nordic countries combined , ring any bells ? 
  but she can choose her last name , especially after getting married . 
  hell , you guys even have an authentic mussolini in the parliament . 
  if only we wiretapped saudi and gulf-funded mosques , alt-rightists and neo-nazis , anarchists , and other fringe groups , we 'd be gucci . 
  where 12-children families are by and large considered to be the norm . 
  laestadians , man ... 
  i meant you should wear it indoors because fuck sunburns and dehydration but i forgot to include that train of thought for southern daredevils . 
  you wet it again . 
  you went outside at 35 \u00b0 ? 
  was that a dare or what ? 
  that and i work as a waiter at a beach resort . 
  it gets pretty sweaty . 
  shockingly , it 's a current fashion item . 
  it conducts the vibe of the decade quite well . 
  i live in nl but i 'm off to finland in a few hours . 
  meanwhile i 'm melting in my apartment . 
  it 's 27 and horrible . 
  oh god , i can only get so hard !, 
  i mean , ties used to be women 's clothing , too . 
  and so was pink . 
  now no one bats an eye . 
  i like the eu and consider myself a federalist but i prefer a pragmatic sleep-on-it approach . 
  not advocating anything here but what are your stances on caffeine and alcohol ? 
  make sure it 's this kind : https://youtu.be/njbbakwoeeq, 
  i 've lived in nl for a year now and life is pretty darn good . 
  the country and its progress have more or less stagnated but i 'm sure it will rebound as the leader in progressive thinking once vvd voters cease to exist . 
  d66 and groenlinks are very promising parties with a lot of influence . 
  i have never been to savonlinna , but looking around in streetview , i could n't find one aesthetically pleasing building . 
  architecture definitely is n't our strongest point . 
  i was baptized too . 
  getting wet as a kid has nothing to do with being superstitious . 
  both are holy books telling their followers to kill infidels . 
  you either choose to follow the command or you ignore it . 
  i do n't see a difference . 
  i 'm sorry but you said `` it 's in the book . '', 
  it 's literally in the bible , too , does n't matter who it was supposedly meant for . 
  `` it 's not meant for us '' is nothing but an interpretation of what 's written in black and white . 
  to check up on your theology major claim , i snooped around in your comment history . 
  it 's full of golden nuggets of wisdom like  forgot racist , you basic leftist faggot . 
  call me whatever you want , at least i 'm i 'm not a retard who 's like :   starbucks employees should be making 400,000 per year by my calculations . 
   kys communist retard and  everyone rapes , if they 're being honest . 
  if i were religious , i 'd pray for you . 
  enjoy your anime , buddy . 
  i have no clue what that means but if that 's a yes , it 's in your book too . 
  you just choose to ignore it like the vast majority of muslims . 
  does n't make it any less true though . 
  our land rises out of the sea by itself . 
  are you a christian , by any chance ? 
   deuteronomy 17  if there be found among you , within any of thy gates which the lord thy god giveth thee , man or woman , that hath wrought wickedness in the sight of the lord thy god , in transgressing his covenant ; 17:3 and hath gone and served other gods , and worshipped them , either the sun , or moon , or any of the host of heaven , which i have not commanded ; 17:4 and it be told thee , and thou hast heard of it , and enquired diligently , and , behold , it be true , and the thing certain , that such abomination is wrought in israel ; 17:5 then shalt thou bring forth that man or that woman , which have committed that wicked thing , unto thy gates , even that man or that woman , and shalt stone them with stones , till they die . 
  english * is * the foreign language . 
  the eu is going to hit the gym now that britain is n't feeding us fish and chips . 
  look at our muscles then , m80s !, 
  if only they had the insight that they 're dumb . 
  germany is pretty much the only one doing nothing . 
  in fact , your country is going the * wrong * way by building nordstreams as quickly as you can . 
  this . 
  absolutely this . 
  we need full economic isolation and lethal aid to ukraine . 
  anything less than that is a disgrace . 
  how about building some nuclear power instead of doing this energiewende bs that 's ruining the environment . 
  while the currency might be favorable , my tuition fees are $ 3k a year in the netherlands . 
  getting rent subsidies from two countries instead of just one already covers 2/3 of that , and the rest by the netherlands being a lot cheaper than finland . 
  it would be insane for me to study in england where tuition fees are three times that and i do n't qualify for any local student aid other than shitty loan deals . 
  they actually ca n't , and that 's the whole fucking irony of it . 
  lex vennamo was a law that stated that party support money would go to the larger half if a party was to split up . 
  soini was opposed to this , fearing that exactly this would happen so vennamo was one of the first laws they got rid of . 
  now it seems to have bitten him severely in the ass when he 's the one left without the money and not halla-aho . 
  now we 're in a situation where all the sensible people are on one side and the party finances are on the other .
