  it 's perfectly legal too . 
  it 's a little triangular and it 's east of wa and or . 
  taters , northern rednecks , boise , coeur d'alene , the state eastern washington should be dumped to , `` idaho , no , u da ho . '', 
  oi lawv it . 
  european cars do n't really have cup holders ( other than maybe one in the center console ) because you 're driving , not drinking coke gaddemnit . 
  also we have stick shifts so there 's less incentive to get distracted on the road . 
  anywhere in cascadia , really . 
  any european would love seattle , for example . 
  and why would n't you ? 
  cascadia is fucking gorgeous !, 
  we need bmw and harley denouncing them and saying that the companies proudly support democracy and equality for sexual minorities . 
  that 'll put an end to their biking . 
  ah , yes . 
  completely forgot about `` indian '' food . 
  also whatever asian food we eat in the west eat is n't at all authentic . 
  teriyaki was invented in seattle and chinese restaurants are awfully westernized . 
  i too lost weight . 
  by no means a lot , but i did anyway . 
  i did n't change my lifestyle in any way other than eating glorious american food , which is the weird part . 
  what a shame . 
  i ai n't even mad . 
  but i should be . 
  plus there is n't too much crime going on in rich neighborhoods anyway . 
  he was driving * behind * someone else . 
  do you think the cops are going to accelerate like crazy and then swerve * around * kuisla to pull over another guy when they can just pull over the closer one ? 
  they can only choose one , so they obviously went for the easier target . 
  yeah , not enough . 
  unless you 're fine with uncooked rice and no toothpaste . 
  wait , so if i got caught doing 150 on a highway with the speed limit at 130 , how much would it cost me ? 
  i 've read through all the [ bbc party policy cheat sheets ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_8896/content/english/index.html ) and i did n't see a single point i disagreed about with the greens other than scrapping nukes . 
  lib dems come a close second . 
  clegg 's background gives me a true eu boner . 
  wow . 
  just read up about it . 
  crazy that such insanity exists in europe , i had no idea . 
  ugh , dirty continentals with their yucky socialism and sensible policies , right ? 
  the nether regions ? 
  we do n't have them because fuck them . 
  but it 's my best frand !, 
  i was . 
  now i 'm on a pc and it looks normal . 
  huh ... 
  how come is the \u0161 in the title in a different font ? 
  decriminalizing . 
  it would mean that a tourist would need to find a dealer and they 'd still run the risk of getting a fine . 
  it 'd be like traveling to north carolina for the weed . 
  it 's decriminalized there too . 
  do it !, 
  when the only real danger when it comes to using a drug is legal repercussions , you 're doing it wrong . 
  you can drink yourself to death , get lung cancer from cigarettes , tattoo a swastika on your forehead , and eat dishwasher powder , but may god have mercy on your soul if you have one joint . 
  now , handing out fines is still quite shitty but at least you would n't be using a prison sentence and a criminal record to ruin a kid 's life more badly than the drugs they 're using . 
  fluently : - finnish - english - finland swedish basics of : - french - german - norwegian - danish would like to learn : - norwegian ( can already understand it so learning it would be just a software update ) - danish ( same as above ) - dutch ( thinking of studying in the hague , so it could be useful and also quite easy ) - estonian ( pretty close to finnish and would n't hurt to know either ), 
  you guys should go the extra mile by erasing `` two '' and adding `` and number '' after `` sex . '', 
  the more , the merrier . 
  if one parent is okay but two is better , then porque no los tres ? 
  i understood some of those words . 
  uh , no ? 
  the very opposite , actually . 
  this . 
  most people in finland get rid of their membership to avoid paying the church tax and to show p\u00e4ivi r\u00e4s\u00e4nen and her party the middle finger . 
  eroakirkosta.fi is an online service that lets you do it easily and they show you stats of how many have denounced their membership any given day . 
  practically no one is religious around here . 
  getting baptized and becoming a church member are a tradition around here , which explains the high rates of de jure religiosity . 
  however , the enormously vast majority of the people are agnostic at best . 
  even my ultraconservative grandparents make fun of christianity and are quite vocally atheist . 
   the euro zone is grinding to catastrophic failure cracka , you trippin ' . 
  the eurozone has only seen growth in the past five quarters . 
  stop printing double sided and play tons of video games . 
  may i interest you in clash of clans or cities skylines , perhaps ? 
   there are deeper forces at play that trump all that froth . 
  like what ? 
  finland 's current problems still have nothing to do with the euro . 
  we 've lost both of our exports , and we 'd be in this same position if we had the mark . 
  in fact , the mark would have plummeted already or it would have at least been devalued , both of which are terrible poison to the masses and their purchasing power . 
  buy our shit . 
  we ca n't really help it ourselves . 
  we need people to buy our shit . 
  seriously . 
  you 're equating finland with greece . 
  anyone with even the slightest clue about anything can tell you that you ca n't . 
  greece 's problems are caused by corruption , reckless public spending , even more reckless loan taking , tax evasion being a national sport , and more corruption . 
  none of these factors are present here . 
  may i ask where you 're from ? 
  it 's been `` only a matter of time '' since 2009 . 
  highly sensationalized . 
  even the title is from an average dude who just lost his job , not an expert . 
  ending up unemployed coupled with finnish pessimism makes you say funny stuff . 
  please do teach me more about my own country . 
   support is greater among more educated people . 
  quite telling . 
  ^ ( ** edit : ** / r/europe is proud of being ignorant ? 
  okay , be that way . ), 
  finland 's doing great comparatively . 
  it 's not the euro 's fault that nokia fucked up and that wood does n't sell . 
  we 'd be absolutely screwed if it was n't for the stability of the euro . 
  feel free to take any of them . 
  we 've got plenty to spare . 
  wo n't be missed . 
  i for one * will * move abroad . 
  not because of this , but it sure as hell wo n't make me miss finland .
