  exactly . 
  britain has three options right now : - stay and try to change what 's wrong with the eu from within - leave but be stuck with eea and all the same rules they 'd have in the eu anyway - leave the eea too and face an economic meltdown apocalypse of epic proportions, 
  if the only noticeable difference is having representation , having representation in your own matters is objectively better than not having representation . 
  [ but muh fisheries ... ] ( http://topfinancialadvisor.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/money-gifs-zombieland.gif ), 
  would n't necessarily vote for any of these . 
  i would probably found my own party if i was to move there . 
  it 's strange how finland and sweden have pretty much exactly the same parties but denmark is so different . 
  breivik , is that you ? 
  copenhagen though . 
  the best nordic capital . 
  unfortunately . 
  * belgium is pretty much a non-country . 
  russia tends to disagree . 
  thorning from helle . 
  4200 blaze them, 
  this . 
  automatic eu and nato membership after gaining independence is the way to go . 
  who says genocide ca n't be funny ? 
  so do we ffs . 
  estonia should get a nordic flag , a nordic welfare system , an official nordic language , and then we 'll talk . 
  da , voda , pivo , and dobar dan gets you a long way . 
  huh ... 
  i 've always gone to `` better '' schools , but probably 1/2 to 2/3 of the people i 've talked to about it have tried it at least once . 
  i guess it can vary a lot . 
  days are long as fuck up here . 
  that 's probably why . 
  all that adriatic food for pennies . 
  sometimes the waiters in small towns do n't speak much english but you usually get by with italian , german , and pan-slavic . 
  this , and the fact that mj is n't laced with radioactive fertilizers and other carcinogenic shit . 
  but the more people vape instead of smoking , the better . 
  even the taste is better . 
  or so i 've heard . 
  \\* shifty eyes *, 
  oh yes , because physical addiction . 
  well , there 's only one way to find out . 
  where are you from and how old are you ? 
  high school and university kids in helsinki , at least in my experience , seem to be rather knowledgeable and worldly when it comes to intoxicants . 
  you can get a heavy sativa for the double p\u00e4rin\u00e4 . 
  healthier life choices are always a plus . 
  * ee\u00e4s . 
  to be honest , this article has to be the most danish thing i 've read in a long while , and i just spent a half a week in denmark . 
  some real lars von trier shit . 
  am in denmark . 
  can confirm . 
  did you read russia 's lyrics last year ? 
  tell me that 's not political at all . 
  croissant dough and cheese . 
  finland is europe 's canada : bilingual , cold , inoffensive , and full of hockey nuts . 
  relevant username . 
  i ca n't believe we 're skinnier than sweden . 
  i go to stockholm every year . 
  i enjoy it every time . 
  can you guys stop with the legalization hipsterism already ? 
  you 've legalized pretty much everything conceivable . 
  now let us backwards retards catch up with y' all for once . 
  where does finland stand in your opinion , out of curiosity ? 
  vat lett\u00f6r is t\u00e4t ? 
  nev\u00f6r h\u00f6\u00f6rd of it . 
  you know shit 's fucked when the danish parts are the only thing you understand . 
  aaaaah , small country problems . 
  makes sense . 
  darude - sandstorm, 
  they 're set on making the life of a non-british eu citizen as difficult as possible . 
  there 's just so many questions in the air . 
  the polls show that , currently , brits would vote to keep britain in the eu , but polls were dead wrong about the elections too . 
  who knows what 'll happen . 
  if britain left the eu but they kept the freedom of movement for people , goods , and capital , then what would be different , really ? 
  since all of that comes as a package deal , they 'd have to disband everything in order to make the change brexiters demand , and that would mean that i 'd have to leave . 
  then there 's the question of scotland 's independence and the continuity of its eu membership . 
  all i want is a place to study . 
  i do n't want to worry about some nutjobs wanting to drive me out of the country with pitchforks . 
  i 'd be planning on staying for a while after graduation anyway . 
  the uk would be an extremely unstable choice for me . 
  yes , this . 
  it 's been bothering me for five years now . 
  finally i get have closure . 
  by the way , why do n't they just have it open all the time ? 
  i mean , the lane is there already . 
  i 've only been to maastricht so far , but to me , the difference between belgian limburg , dutch limburg , and d\u00fcsseldorf is remarkable . 
  the chill attitude is real . 
  i also felt like a fucking dwarf but i was n't in the least intimidated . 
  everything 's beautiful , people are nice , life felt easy , and i understood almost everything . 
  the only thing i found awkward was all the people driving on the shoulder of the highway behind the white line . 
  like wtf ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 . 
  can speak for dalmatia , too . 
  as beautiful as italy , cheap as fuck , awesome sailing , and glorious adriatic food . 
  i expected it to be a little dodgy with remains of the war everywhere . 
  none of that . 
  the only sign of the war was entire towns bursting into massive celebration and cheering whenever someone scored points against djokovic . 
  some of the waiters in smaller towns hardly spoke any english but they spoke practically everything else . 
  i always got what i wanted by mixing italian , german , russian , and sign language . 
  texas is both an independent country and a part of the south , though . 
  what a cheeky old cunt . 
  i was going to study in scotland . 
  con * ~ ~ artists ~ ~ * servatives winning a majority in the parliament is really fucking me over . 
  thankfully holland is still viable . 
  split russia into two , one side with st. petersburg , the other with moscow , and have kaliningrad turn into an autonomous eu dependency . 
  also , if they could all hate each other , i 'd be so happy . 
  we need this in finland .
