  we call it keskusrikospoliisi or krp for short . 
   polizia penitenziaria - i guess prison guards , though i think you won + \u00b4 t see them on the streets . 
  you got to have this in finland as well , right ? 
  i saw at least two penitenziaria vans on my way from turin to aosta valley two days ago . 
   military police - a military institution , made of military which polices the members of the military on military bases and eventually everywhere they are stationed . 
  they check also for enforcement of military regulations . 
  civilian crimes are passed on to the relevant civilian police force . 
  we have these too . 
  all of the others are just one single police force in finland , and their cars are identical , even on \u00c5land which is an autonomous region . 
  this is what confuses me about southern countries . 
  i go to italy quite a bit , i 'm actually there right now , and here they have the normal police/polizia ( aka polizia stradale ) , then there 's carabinieri , polizia municipale , guardia di finanza , polizia penitenziaria , the list goes on and on . 
  the names contain a bit of a hint as per what their functions might be but what they are in practice is more than mindboggling . 
  in finland , we just have one police force roaming the streets , that 's it . 
  your police-gendarmerie divide sounds like the police-sheriff system in the us . 
  what , are you suggesting that there are people who would want to move *** to *** romania ? 
  it means tasty . 
  get your mind out of the gutter . 
  never heard kissanh\u00e4nt\u00e4 either . 
  i 've always called it \u00e4t-merkki . 
  i 've been told you guys find [ this ] ( http://fromfinland.fi/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/250x/6680f4741b5251d355c30c5d72726429/v/a/vaasan_nakkileivat_maukas_230g_650x650_210811.jpg ) funny . 
  you 're two years late , m8 . 
  ... yet . 
  this was my first ever time using bing maps . 
  yes , to find out whether they saw crimea as a part of ukraine or as a part of russia . 
  dem ` taters !, 
  not that i have anything against religion , but coming from a country where only 15 % of below 30-year-olds believe in god , i find this grossly christo-jihadist . 
  i mean , who cares about education and healthcare when you can have hope ? 
  jesus saves !, 
  you 're american . 
  you should be rooting for french fries . 
   haha , his description is a bit over the top . 
  finland here . 
  no , it 's not . 
  ooh , i see ... 
  i can almost feel the heat of her majestic cigarettes warming my heart in a motherly manner . 
  why would you want to have a currency that 's tied to the euro when you can switch over completely ? 
  why ? 
  how about your personal opinion ? 
  upvoted for answering this to the best of your ability , much appreciated !, 
  edit : i certainly do think it 's a bit odd . 
  even quite nominally bilingual municipalities in finland , such as helsinki , have a lot of stuff in both finnish and swedish . 
  could there be a bit of a `` when in rome ... '' mentality concerning this in estonia ? 
  i do n't mean to troll anyone . 
  it 's a legitimate question i 'm asking out of mere curiosity . 
  hey , estonians , i have a question for you !, 
  the other day i was streetviewing some random estonian towns , and i was quick to notice that even the most russian-speaking areas ( narva , some suburbs of tallinn , etc. ), 
  have all of their signs in estonian and estonian only . 
  even private storefronts and fliers and posters attached to walls were in estonian as if no one had even heard a word of russian . 
  why is that ? 
  are the russian-speakers upset about this ? 
  how well do they understand estonian ? 
  sorry about taking this ot , it 's just a question i have been wondering about for a little while now . 
  trust me , i 'm not exaggerating one bit . 
  it 's late march in helsinki and it 's -11 \u00b0 c and there 's a ton of ice and snow . 
  i 'm actually looking out the window right now , dreading the fact that i have to out there in a bit . 
  i 'm from finland . 
  need i say more ? 
  i 'm still going to . 
  finland is completely unbikeable for 9 months out of 12 each year when it comes to weather . 
  also the remaining three due to different kinds of construction . 
  ca n't get through to russians from nyc any other way , can i ? 
  they do n't realize that supporting the regime is n't in their best interest . 
  i hope we never will either . 
  i hate what they 're doing in ukraine , but i do n't want to risk my own wellbeing because of it , seeing that finland is quite dependent on russian markets and tourism . 
  john kerry is threatening to do the cuba on russia , and i would n't doubt his seriousness for a second . 
   actually taking a stand to calm the situation . 
  lmao !, 
  joke of the day . 
  oh wait , you 're being serious . 
  had to google what and where croydon is , but yes , it seems like a good analogy . 
  espoo is not at all a city , as you suspected above . 
  it is indeed nothing but a municipality containing helsinki 's western suburbs . 
  anyone who lives in espoo and calls it a legit city is simply fooling themselves . 
  the same thing goes for grani , vantaa , and i guess all of sipoo . 
  i know yle tv2 used to be based in tampere but i 'm not sure if this is the case anymore . 
  no love for turku , though ( thank god ... ) . 
  nevertheless , it 's a close tie between the two , but tampere is looking a little stronger . 
   `` basic '' is a far way from `` true '' this is correct , however `` perus '' is closer to `` true '' in this context . 
  if you translate `` basic '' back into finnish , it becomes `` alkeellinen , '' which is a lot further from `` perus '' than `` aito . '', 
  i could be wrong because i 'm too lazy to do fact-checking , but i think `` sannfinl\u00e4ndarna '' is their official swedish name . 
  just like `` the finns '' is their official english-language name , as appalling as it is . 
   since people do n't generally get to pick the schools for their kids , families from both rich and poor people go to same schools , and get to know eachother . 
  grani kids do n't go to school in kontula , now do they ? 
  i know it is n't as black-and-white in finland as it is in , for example , the us , but there is still a deep divide , at least in my personal opinion . 
  i find it incredible that the rioters have n't resorted to guns yet . 
  not saying they should , but still . 
  thank you !, 
  i find this hard to believe due to the inherent greed of our species . 
  there 'll always be competition once we 've gotten rid of this legal form of a cartel . 
  even though i travel * a lot * , i always use free wifi and never resort to gsm and 3g networks abroad , and i feel like i 'm not alone on this one . 
  i 'd be honestly blown away if roaming really was a reasonably sized portion of their income . 
  we 're going to assimilate you eventually , and you 'll just be neutral about it . 
  greetings from finland . 
  kind of greece . 
  yeah , but i 'd like to use map apps to find my way through the city and listen to radio on the web while doing it . 
  but too few actually use the opportunity . 
  good news , the eu is forcing providers to gradually fade out roaming charges . 
  we 're giving the swiss what they had coming for them for rubbing us the wrong way . 
  also for being the ocd-arousing fleck on the map of the eu . 
  i 'd love some too , but if it gets taken too far , you end up with the populace voting for both tax breaks and increases in social benefits , resulting in a stalemate situation .
