  this comment should be closer to the surface . 
  what the dutch have spent centuries of manpower to complete , nature does it for us automatically . 
  take that , cheeseheads !, 
  hair tests can reveal prolonged use for an even longer time . 
  his locks are probably near-pure thc . 
  people are free to drink themselves to death , but god forbid if your eyes are a little red and you crave for some kfc . 
  sources , please . 
  this , unfortunately , is very true . 
  holland has had a pregame of his own and is now cross faded . 
  this . 
  sweden , norway , and denmark are making snarky comments at each other in between silence and sips of beer while finland sits completely quiet , really getting into the pattern on the table . 
  iceland 's in the bathroom . 
  or maybe eating stinky fish somewhere where no one can see . 
  no one knows where exactly , though . 
  has he left already ? 
  who cares . 
  how many poles are there in norway ?!, 
  must be an absolutely insane number . 
  november . 
  we have *** a *** problem . 
  it starts with alco and ends in hol . 
  finns do n't even drink a crazy amount compared to the rest of europe , but unlike italians who generally have a glass of wine at dinner , we drink our monthly dosage in one go . 
  here , 70-80 % of all violent crime is committed under the influence of alcohol . 
  finnic confirmed . 
  ah yes , the nordic countries , where even the toughest of criminals are * omt\u00e4nksamma * . 
  the hells angels were founded in america . 
  foreigners confirmed . 
  we have exactly the same gangs and share the same wars with se , dk , and no . 
  if one attack happens in copenhagen , the retaliation can happen in helsinki , and ceasefire agreed upon in oslo . 
  nordic cooperation extends itself all the way to organized crime . 
  looks about right . 
  here 's our most feared slum : [ kontula ( g\u00e5rdsbacka ) ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/87/ostostie,_kontula,_helsinki.jpg ), 
  i live in an area with heavy biker gang activity in helsinki , and i can tell you that the war is far from over . 
  care to say when you last visited sweden ? 
  probably because a lot of people buy snus and/or buy cigarettes from estonia , neither of which show up in our statistic . 
  some of estonia 's consumption might be ours . 
  for some , it 's not just a booze cruise . 
  denmark 's just being denmark . 
  cigarettes , cheap \u00f8l , joints , coffee ... everything down the same hatch . 
  those were the days . 
  good riddance . 
  finland -- the only country where invasive species are good and edible . 
  have you tried luostari ? 
  they also had a higher fat content than any other cheeses on the finnish market because apparently the russians like their coronary disease . 
  what . 
  the . 
  and are those the same voice actors as in pasila ? 
  when it 's two gangs against each other , it 's not the world 's biggest problem . 
  it 's just two groups of criminals killing each other , kind of like how isis waged war on russia . 
  if you look into it deep enough , you 'll notice that that 's basically how we got half of our vocabulary . 
  same thing with finnish and icelandic . 
  also icelanders speaking danish with a heavy accent sounds eerily similar to finland swedish . 
  i did n't choose the church life ; the church life chose me . 
  this . 
  they have such little wiggle room that they might as well just switch so that they do n't have to go to currency exchange every time they travel to germany to buy cheap beer . 
   overenskomst agreement for those who ca n't read kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 . 
  this . 
  i quit drinking coffee every morning two weeks ago . 
  the first week i felt really beat in the morning but recently i 've been waking up normally . 
  usually a glass of milk or water `` sobers '' me up because people tend to develop a minor case of dehydration which the body signals as sleepiness . 
  here 1000 euros is a ton . 
  because a ton means a thousand . 
  little rusties ? 
  that 's pretty much how texas and the southwest joined the united states , but that was a good while ago . 
  russia is a joke . 
  just a really fucking dark , ironic , and sad one . 
  i hate it when people put furniture in their makeup . 
  he could really use something to cool his nerves though . 
  is delft even a real place ? 
  like , when i biked there from the hague last month , it looked too good to be true . 
  only terrible money laundering schemes and prostitution rings have fronts that pretty . 
  what secret does it hide ? 
  it is n't the west 's fault that her fazha is a dictator . 
  it does make sense . 
  that 's the answer to this question . 
  and why is it specifically africans that you do n't want in your country ? 
  nope , sesame seed oil is the best . 
  pansies , i eat mine raw . 
  mmm , but that kylm\u00e4savu though . 
  `` barcelona is completely covered in snow . '', 
  bitch , that 's a light sleet shower . 
  so for all intents and purposes , no . 
  got it . 
  ooh . 
  why is that ? 
  just intensive borrowing or ? 
  that 's insane . 
  ms paint does n't have such wondrous features . 
  cheeky opposition with the mates . 
  well fuck . 
  what operator is saying that ? 
  please not dna . 
  i 've read that you guys have had minority governments for ages . 
  like how ? 
  ca n't the parliament just collapse the government ? 
  how does anything get done in the ministries if they 're backed up by a minority ? 
  then you understand that it 's not all muslims . 
  i 've actually never met a muslim who is not like this . 
  maybe the wallonians were the sane ones after all ... 
  til finland has committed horrible atrocities comparable to the nanking massacre and unit 731 .
