  his first name is jean-claude . 
  french enough . 
  here 's another one : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x35pvwt plenty more in the suggested videos . 
  wilders not a sith confirmed . 
  this picture strikes a fine balance between good pr and wasting everyone 's time and tax euros . 
  edit : it 's a stupid pun , people . 
   frankfurt over london ? 
  dude , have you been to london ? 
  more like `` who can afford booze ? '', 
  but , yes , correct . 
  foreign buyers drive out locals with their jacked up prices unless a lot of new housing is built . 
  most migration flows toward large urban centers , so southerners flocking to madrid and barcelona affect the prices there too . 
  the equilibrium between supply and demand is swayed quite easily . 
  when did you graduate and what town/city/university ? 
  student towns like lund are notorious . 
  and lund is a student town . 
  i 'm a student but i do n't live in a city that has a strong student character ( albeit that i do n't live in the nordic countries but in the netherlands ) so finding a place to rent and affording it is not an issue . 
  norway pays membership fees and has to accept eu regulations without having any representation in the parliament . 
  they are as far in the eu as possible without being in the eu . 
  in march 2009 , the polish foreign minister , rados\u0142aw sikorski , suggested including russia in nato . 
  [ 89 ] speaking to one of the main polish daily newspapers after the lecture , mr sikorski explained , ' i stand by everything i said , but that does n't mean i 'm inviting russia to join the nato . 
  i simply presented a certain hypothetical vision , a reference to a debate that took place in the nato in the mid-1990s . 
  then , under the clinton administration , there was a debate on whether , and on what terms , russia could become a member of the alliance . 
  ' [ 105 ] russian leadership , however , made it clear russia did not plan to join the alliance , preferring to keep cooperation on a lower level now . 
  in march 2009 , the russian envoy to nato , dmitry rogozin , in response to rados\u0142aw sikorski \u2032 s proposal , while not ruling out nato membership at some point in the future , was quoted as saying : `` great powers do n't join coalitions , they create coalitions . 
  russia considers itself a great power . 
  '' [ 89 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato%e2%80%93russia_relations, 
  you did n't understand what i wrote . 
  the eastern bloc joined nato out of their own free will and they did it democratically . 
  this free will has a lot to do with decades of kremlin subjugation . 
  the choice whether they join nato is their internal affairs and their internal affairs only , not russian foreign policy . 
  if you deny these countries the right to determine their own defense policy , you are infringing on their right to self-determination . 
  every other post-soviet state could do it . 
  i do n't see why belarus could n't do it , too . 
  trying to annex finland over and over again was a classy move , too . 
  the fact that this is a thing , the concept of the near-abroad , and putin telling bush that ukraine is not a real country are all indicative of the national sentiment . 
  russia ( at least as a state ) refuses to respect the self-determination of nation-states east of germany , which is ironic , since self-determination is the argument used for annexing crimea and turning donbass into shit . 
   trying to make color revolutions in countries around russia sources for this ? 
  while the orange revolution and euromaidan were pro-west , it does n't mean that they were necessarily orchestrated by the cia . 
  who knows , after going through the holodomor and subsequent decades of moscow rule , perhaps there 's a chance some ukrainians prefer the west over putin . 
  the same goes for nato . 
  estonia , latvia , lithuania , and poland did not join nato because it was imposed on them . 
  they reached a democratic consensus to join it , and i feel like they might have a good reason for it . 
  it 's not as much nato consciously expanding as countries previously outside of it voluntarily asking to join it by all means necessary . 
   i highly doubt it , russia does n't ideological fundament for expansion . 
  while a lot of russians see the annexation of crimea as taking back what 's rightfully theirs , as in everything east of berlin , westerners most definitely see this as expansionism . 
  i 'm curious about what you think the west could have done differently . 
  for example , finland has actively sought a friendly relationship with the ussr and russia ever since its independence but these aspirations have never been reciprocated . 
  basque folks do n't speak an indo-european language either . 
  the only decisive difference between finnish and other nordic cultures is the language , and even in that case , many speak swedish . 
  otherwise , cultures , traditions , and attitudes are the same . 
  i definitely did not mean to generalize but i can see how you might interpret it that way . 
  my impression is that many people disagree with the mentality i described but they often do n't have any other choice than to go with the flow . 
  i feel like people expect russia to act like all other white-majority countries simply because they look similar as a people but they actually have a completely divergent mentality from western countries . 
  for example , the chinese look different from europeans , so we have fewer expectations of them sharing similar cultural traits . 
  we should n't try to impose western values on the russian society and view it from that angle because they just do n't see things the same , even without all the kremlin propaganda . 
  we value peace and fairness , to them it 's all about strength and cunningness , and i think it 's got to do with their harsh past . 
  i do n't see russia ever being friendly toward the west , and vice versa , unless they face a major collapse ( bigger than the collapse of the ussr ) and have to start completely anew as a society . 
  feel free to criticize my theory , though , especially if you 're russian . 
  i have never been to russia and my knowledge of the language and culture is extremely limited , but this is the impression i 've gotten while studying world politics and talking to westerners with a russian background . 
  apple cider is most definitely not alcoholic . 
  i once made apple cider in america , and i got super confused when i noticed that the yanks had already chugged half of it without letting it brew or whatever they do to hard cider to make it alcoholic . 
  `` apple cider ( also called sweet cider or soft cider ) is the name used in the united states and parts of canada for an unfiltered , unsweetened , non-alcoholic beverage made from apples . '', 
  good news : further integration does n't have to change what you identify as . 
  i feel like that has more to do with confirmation bias in favor of status quo , perpetrated by con artists like the brexit campaign or right-wing parties . 
  people need to be more informed about the eu . 
  it 's also immensely wasteful financially . 
  the center party ( formerly known as the agrarian party ) has similar policies in finland . 
  finland , sweden , and norway are relatively large geographically and supporting all of that infrastructure , ie . 
  roads , water , electricity , cell phone towers , internet , healthcare , police , fire departments , public transportation , etc. , is very inefficient when every small town has to have quick access to all of them . 
  this has led the norwegian road network into total disarray , and people find it less of a hassle to just fly domestically than to drive . 
  for example , finland has three times the length of the dutch road network with less than one third of the population ; therefore , there is ten times more road kilometers per finn in finland than there is per dutchman in the netherlands . 
  imagine how expensive that is , and consider that that is only the road network . 
  other types of infra have their associated costs , too . 
  it is incredible how much better the roads are here in the netherlands than in the nordic countries . 
   `` cider '' is a kind of lemonade , with neither apple nor alcohol cider is homemade apple juice in america . 
  the one with alcohol in it is called hard cider . 
  we will never be ready for it if we do n't start implementing it incrementally . 
  if we stick to full sovereignty , separate armies , and separate tax systems , we 'll never approach each other . 
  we go crazy : https://www.google.nl/search?q=vappu&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjxq9ppwc7tahvobfakha-mafsq_auicigb&amp;biw=1689&amp;bih=900, 
  appropriate username ? 
  being demonstrably wrong is not a valid opinion , though . 
  there is no debate about it because all evidence points in one direction . 
  wrong is wrong . 
  almost spat out my coffee reading this . 
  you got me . 
   sweden had been a bridge away , but nothing really compelled me to go there . 
  damn right . 
  or gbl for that matter . 
  * let 's get lacquer from the harbor once it stops raining . 
  were 1 in 5 of our prisoners in there for not paying their fines ? 
  has sentencing become so much more lenient over 10 years ? 
  or could it be part of a global trend of crime losing ground at a fast pace ? 
  coffee with anything else than [ pulla / bulle ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=pulla&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjm5oaijmltahwmfzokheqgdgcq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1689&amp;bih=900&amp;dpr=1.1 ) is for savages . 
  i feel like our system is built on trust and the fact that we see the welfare system as a type of insurance rather than feeding the poor . 
  separate but equal . 
  important to note that finnish jews actually fought in the finnish army both alongside the nazis and against them . 
  not a single one of them died because of their faith / ethnicity . 
  got any source for that ? 
  because racial segregation was rampant in london in the 50 's .
