  we have longer days than the mediterranean right now , by the way . 
  i 've got a massive country boner for the netherlands : - bikes - tons of renewable energy - euthanasia - they were the first ones to legalize gay marriage - drug laws that actually make sense - close to everywhere in europe yet far from russia - great roads and other infrastructure - they speak better english than every other country in europe . 
  including england . 
  - amsterdam with the bachelor 's three b 's : beer , bongs , and bitches - they carved their country out of the ocean , and a lot of them live below sea-level . 
  how fucking cool is that ? 
  also dat decriminalization . 
  bush . 
  finland : [ kasmir - vadelmavene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldsf7qm5-sa ), 
  this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0teujhfzwb4, 
  do n't we all ? 
  it keim sam stoun , truu timo 's siit . 
  ap ... ap in ti \u00e4\u00e4s of timo . 
  tsiip buus for evribadi !, 
  does n't depend on those at all . 
  i lived on bainbridge island , a rich island off the coast of seattle , which receives snow pretty much every year , and every time the power would go out when it snowed even a little bit , because those idiots could n't be bothered to bury the power lines underground . 
   i 'd say sweden if it was n't for the fact that my image/stereotype of finland is ; like sweden , but more boring . 
  can confirm . 
  truer words have never been spoken . 
  it 's called kallion kierros or tour de kallio , as i like to translate it . 
  it 's when you have a drink in every single bar in kallio in one night and try to make it out alive . 
  it 's very much a thing over here . 
  the finnish pm has two boats . 
  an oared one made out of wood and an electrically powered one out of plastic . 
  really nice , been on them both . 
  thank fucking goodness for that . 
  22:30 already ? 
  ha , pussies . 
  perhaps ? 
  i 'd put you in the `` three-striped , nearby , good guy friend club who ranks right below us in all studies '' together with estonia . 
  consider that being honorary nordics . 
  once they 1 ) adopt a similar flag 2 ) get a nordic welfare system 3 ) start teaching a scandinavian language as compulsory i do n't see why not . 
  we were part of the kalmar union with everyone else , but otherwise you 're correct . 
  could be danish . 
  several problems there . 
  norwegian citizens do n't have to rely on begging because of generous welfare benefits . 
  the definition of poverty is very much country-dependent , and someone who is below the poverty line in norway might be well above the american one . 
  the norwegian poverty line is set at 50 % of average income or about us$ 25,000 per household in a year according to the source i used . 
  also homeless people in northern europe tend to have shelter , so it 's not like they live under some bridge somewhere in sandnes . 
  norwegian hobo is quite the oxymoron . 
  you 'd have to make a conscious lifestyle choice to live without a roof above your head . 
  i 'm from finland and the first ever time i saw a homeless non-gypsy white person was in seattle when i was visiting the us for the first time . 
  i know right ? 
  i 'm white girl jealous of her . 
  and i 'm a dude . 
  and put this picture on the label . 
  most effective obesity prevention . 
  eesti please . 
  newscasters in sweden have been able to speak * sk\u00e5nska * in a broadcast if that feels natural to them . 
  i do n't think someone speaking in a slight dialect would be offensive , it 's just something people here are n't used to . 
  that 's the only city where they 're not just drunk . 
  they 're crossfaded . 
  except those beggars are n't norwegians . 
  they 're roma from southeastern europe brought up here by organized crime who end up taking all the money they make in exchange for food . 
  it 's a business and that 's the route norway took in an attempt to curb it . 
  there are other reasons for it too . 
  our country was founded by swedish-speakers : our national poet , runeberg , wrote in swedish , our first president spoke it , marshall mannerheim who saved us from the soviet union spoke swedish , the swedish version of our national anthem is the original one , and , hell , we were an integral part of sweden from the beginning of time until relatively recently . 
  just like people in iceland have to study danish in order to maintain ties to the other nordics , i think we should too . 
  being able to communicate without speaking english is , in my opinion , one of two requirements to being nordic ( the other one being a cross flag ) , and we ca n't give that up . 
  too bad that 's exactly what 's happening . 
  edit : let the hurriviha flow through you . 
  keep 'em downvotes coming . 
  do n't you worry : http://www.katiejurek.com/gallery/var/albums/miscellaneous/people/emilienereng968full-emilie-nereng.jpg?m=1413324550 edit : / r/voe, 
  uh , read that again . 
  it 's not finnish i 'm talking about . 
  i could recognize that ayuss wherever . 
  i wish finnish was like that . 
  standard finnish is so clumsy and plain artificial that i see no point in keeping it . 
  in every day life everyone speaks in some dialect . 
  dialects feel natural , standard finnish does n't . 
  -0.2 to -0.3 french here . 
  sad really . 
  people just pretend it 's a foreign language and has nothing to do with finland . 
  just tell that to people from grani or ostrobothnia and prepare for a good ass-whoopin ' . 
  that 's crazy . 
  what 's this mean ? 
  my interest is piqued . 
  brought to you by taco bell . 
  ask your doctor if freedom is right for you . 
  could n't you call cold protective services ? 
  those kids need help , asap . 
  scotland got to have a free referendum on it , and london said they 'd respect the results no matter what . 
  spain has always told catalonia `` lol fuck no '' so it 's starting to look like their last resort . 
  we 've never had oil yet we have free education and healthcare . 
  if we can do it , and even have tons of money for other social services , why do you think scotland could n't ? 
  this has been a hot yet one-sided topic in finland for a few months now , and of the bigger parties only social democrats seem to oppose it because they 're afraid that it might affect the status of worker 's unions , which it wo n't . 
  i see this becoming law in finland in a few years . 
  10 $ / day or 300 $ / month is how much money you need to eat with at least some dignity . 
  by that i mean getting to eat things other than dry noodles . 
  having only 180 $ for basically everything else is absolutely insane . 
  why does america exist again ? 
  care to remind me ? 
  we should legalize corporate marriage . 
  i believe he has a ~ ~ nokia ~ ~ windows phone . 
  as much the nc/kokoomus/samlingspartiet disgusts me , i hate people who dislike kokoomus but treat the center party as some kind of a savior . 
  it 's not , never has been , never will be . 
  not to speak out against anybody 's religion , but i refuse to understand how a liberal athiest nation like finland could vote an anti-gay rights lestaedian as our prime minister . 
  btw , do n't ever say `` sit next to me '' in estonian when you come here . 
  is n't it 3 km ? 
  this . 
  i wo n't trust them until their country has been dissolved into 200 small independent states .
