  it 's because swedish . 
  not necessarily . 
  they can still support good legislation by a minority coalition from the opposition but they 'd still have a way to collect populist critique points . 
  the nordics are relatively conservative in most areas , socially speaking . 
  standing out , drugs , euthanasia etc. 
  are quite taboo . 
  does the color depend on region ? 
  i got a yellow one in the hague . 
  it might actually be smartest for groenlinks to stay out of a coalition for another few years . 
  with klaver in the lead , they 'd definitely be within striking distance unless something goes horribly wrong . 
  however , klaver seemed pretty cooperative in last night 's debate , so we 'll see ... 
  \u00c4 and y  \u00c4 and \u00dc, 
  i grew up in finland and knew two people with jewish heritage . 
  they had brown hair and brown eyes but otherwise indistinguishable . 
  citizenship ? 
  because gdp measures the end value of all goods and services in an economy , and not at all the salaries . 
  people use gdp per capita as an indicator for the general wealth of a person living in that economy but it is merely a tool . 
  inequality-adjusted gdp per capita with purchasing power parity should be used for a general estimate of wealth but even then it does n't take stuff like the value of your real estate into account . 
   gdp per capita is sometimes used as a rough guide to personal income not income but what lifestyle people can afford . 
  but yes , i otherwise agree with you completely . 
  flanders is denser and more spread out . 
  wallonia is more sparsely populated but more concentrated into cities . 
  no , reintroduce the kalmar flag !, 
  and we are n't ? 
  just quietly going to leave this here ... https://www.google.nl/search?q=nainen+armeijassa&amp;rlz=1c9bkja_enfi595fi596&amp;hl=en-us&amp;prmd=ivmn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiwyosbglrsahwd2swkhzrpcfmq_auibygb&amp;biw=768&amp;bih=909, 
  israel would like to have a talk with you . 
  not at all in most cases . 
  in my unit , they received different treatment in only two aspects : they were n't required to maintain buzzcuts and they could close the door to their sanitary facilities . 
  where would it have been , latvia ? 
  schr\u00f6dinger 's french politics : is it a bad system because everyone is corrupt or is it a good system because all of the corrupt politicians are getting busted ? 
   finland would n't even be able to afford a ship if it wanted to , and countries with navy 's have ships for varies tasks , including anti-surface warfare , intelligence , insurgency , anti-air warfare and countermeasures all of this can be done from land for a lot cheaper . 
   that shows about how much you actually know about it . 
  hmmm , how many landmines have you installed ? 
  ever even seen one ? 
  i can tell from experience that they are extremely inexpensive and simple . 
   this whole conversation is childish , but you have to thank yourself for that . 
  i 'm just a person with plenty of first-hand experience and this happens to be my main field of study . 
  but what do i know , right ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  also stop with the downvotes . 
  it 's quite childish . 
  what 's happening in syria is not an old war . 
  i can tell you did n't read the article or even try to understand the concept . 
  it 's quite essential if you ever study conflicts extensively . 
   even russia actually fought that way in chechnya . 
  you 're comparing a civil war-type rebellion with a pathetic militia to invading a wealthy , well-prepared , western nation . 
   a war between russia and finland would n't be an all-out interstate conflict anyway , it would be a conflict that would be total war for the smaller participant , and a set of routine air-based operations for the larger one . 
  a war between finland and russia would be either a ukraine-type invasion ( new war ; unlikely ) or part of a large-scale conflict between the west and russia . 
  there is absolutely no scenario where russia would invade finland with all of its military power . 
  what do you suggest we do with an extensive navy ? 
  you do n't take over land with ships . 
  you do that with troops . 
  ships are meant for transporting men and equipment across seas , and that 's completely useless when there 's only 150 km of very even land between st. petersburg and the finnish border . 
  a land mine costs 50 cents a piece and takes 20 seconds to install . 
  i do n't expect a sea mine to cost much more . 
  that 's finland 's shore taken care of . 
  you are calling me out for using a supposedly expired doctrine but you speculate a russian invasion of finland would be a textbook old war . 
  these all-out interstate conflicts do n't exist any longer : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_wars, 
   so you think that the difference between 90 % of supposedly willing eligible population and 100 % of population eligible for conscription will make a significant difference in the war against russia ? 
  as i said before , you can do civil service instead if you , for whatever reason , are strictly against completing the military service . 
   you will not stand a chance against russia even if you conscript every living finn to serve gull time . 
  you have completely misunderstood the point of the finnish defense forces . 
  it is not there to stop an entire russian invasion at the border . 
  it is there to make an invasion as costly as possible . 
  they drill this into your head quite early on in the training . 
  you would n't want to hold on to a territory where guerillas ambush you in every urban settlement and sabotage your every move , would you ? 
  i do agree that finland should join nato and push for a common eu army as much as possible to bolster our defense but finland would be an absolute carnage to invade . 
  there are programming jobs in the military . 
  i know a bunch of people who did that in their conscription year . 
  it looks fantastic on your cv , by the way . 
  reserve personnel 32 000 . 
  lmao . 
  and hardly any tanks at all . 
  i keep seeing soldiers training near haagse bos and watching them frustrates me . 
  they have zero discipline and they complain all the time . 
  and these guys are volunteers in 10-degree weather , not conscripts in -20 . 
   if that is true , how come you ca n't get enough people to volunteer and you have to conscript them ? 
  because it 's not about having `` enough '' men . 
  it 's all about having * as many as possible * . 
  we , a nation of 5.4 million , are up against russia . 
  you do realize that , right ? 
  this is a poll by ungdomar.se , a forum for the youth : http://imgur.com/a/j6z37, 
  that 's how it works now too . 
  yes but you do n't have any expenses . 
  you get food , clothes , accommodation , sports and gym subscriptions , transportation , and so on and so forth for free so you 're probably left with more money saved up than if you were out in the civilian life working . 
  dutch defense is quite laughable though . 
  it was for me . 
  it was a great experience . 
  also sparked an interest for sports in me which i never had before . 
  it also earns you mad respect abroad . 
  just say `` i 'm an ex-soldier from [ insert nordic country here ] '' and flash your guns , and no one will mess with you . 
  the idea is not to be able to fend them off but to discourage them from attacking in the first place as much as possible . 
  1 ) you can do civil service instead but relatively few do . 
  2 ) the overwhelming majority of finnish people support conscription . 
  i do too . 
  i 've completed my service and it was great . 
   minimum wages for teens are lower because they have less productivity . 
  nobody will hire a 15 year old if a 23 year old is just as expensive . 
  pay per experience and productivity , not by age . 
   i pay around 100 euro a month for healthcare and get 91 euro back from the government .
