  some of their ancestors did come from sweden and so did some of mine too , before their offspring switched to speaking finnish in my case . 
  but a lot of their ancestry does come from finnish speakers who integrated , and , especially around helsinki , emigrants from germany , russia , and the uk . 
  there 's is n't really a feeling of swedishness ( as in belonging to the country of sweden ) , as most of them either feel just as finnish as everybody else or belonging to a linguistic minority within finland . 
  in all honesty , the polish airforces do operate both mi-8 's and mi-24 's so there is plenty of room for mistakes . 
  as we can see , it does n't seem to work . 
  no , krisse virtanen from gothenburg , sweden , is a sverigefinne / - finl\u00e4ndare . 
  toffe str\u00f6mmer from eken\u00e4s , finland , is a finlandssvensk . 
  mark levengood , an actual real person , born in helsinki , finland , but residing in stockholm , sweden , is a sverigefinlandssvensk . 
  home country first , mother tongue second . 
  just walking my merry way to the town in small town washington state . 
  shit 's hard when you do n't have a driver 's license . 
  now i do , but then again , i live on this side of the pond again and i hardly ever need it . 
  a lot of people who smoke or have smoked pick it up in the army . 
  it 's everywhere there because you can get a nicotine rush even when there 's not enough time to smoke . 
   companies even were able to sue the eu into them not having to print cancer warnings on the packages : the eu could n't produce a single study that showed an increased risk . 
  not even mad . 
  that 's pretty impressive . 
  but this does n't include finland because fuck you . 
  sverigefinl\u00e4ndare are the ones who moved to sweden . 
  and that includes some sverigefinlandssvenskar who , despite the name , are n't one bit swedish . 
  edit . 
  definitely . 
  and build some sidewalks and pedestrian paths . 
  what the heck up with having to walk down the side of the road . 
  that 's dangerous . 
  and everyone seems to be in a disagreement on which side of the road you should walk . 
  i 've had people driving by yell at me regardless of what side i was walking on . 
  usually if both parties speak swedish and are aware that they both do , people to have a tendency to speak that . 
  it 's to do with the identity . 
  but if there 's someone whose swedish is weak or if the convo started in finnish , they will stick to finnish . 
  source : hedershurri, 
  our society is n't as car-reliant ( i 've lived in the us , too , so i know ) and it helps to pay for stuff , so it 's okay . 
  ah , that explains it the pretty sauna . 
  the gas prices have come down dramatically here too . 
  they used to be at 1.6 $ / liter , and using pre-crimea exchange rates , that 's us$ 8.50 / gallon . 
  oh my god , our german teacher showed these in our class too . 
  they 're so terrible . 
  edit : and why does the turkish guy eat ham ? 
  everyone has a sauna here . 
  you ca n't survive without one . 
  220k for a house like that sounds very decent to me . 
  anywhere within 50 km of helsinki , it would be twice that . 
  within 15 km , three times . 
   with 2 incomes in the household ( assuming ops so was working before the baby came ) for a single story house in the suburb aint too luxurious in finland . 
  depends on where in finland . 
  down here in the south , you need to be wealthy to live in a house . 
  in ostrobothnia , like is the case with this regular guy , practically everyone lives in a house . 
  i 'm guessing there 's a bit of inheritance from poppa . 
  the sauna is spanking new and renovated . 
  sauna goals , rather . 
  it 's in there . 
  those are not a thing in finland . 
  no , it 's not fantastic . 
  none of this is fantastic . 
  saying that you love it is beyond fucked up . 
  this vessel you 're talking about is basically an amphibious dock . 
  it has armament for self-defense only . 
  this does n't mean that finland does n't beat the netherlands in the number of patrol boats , mine vessels , and the total number of ships . 
  finland is n't allowed to operate subs but our sonars are precise enough to pick out individual fish , i 've been told . 
   you 're not even a part of nato i wish we were since an eu army does n't exist . 
  at least yet . 
   your army has nowhere near the capabilities , experience or knowledge of the dutch army whoa there . 
  the dutch military is small . 
  we have more than twice the number of active personnel per capita ( 14000 short of nl 's 50000 ) , not to mention our reserves . 
  we have a larger navy , comparable air forces , way better artillery ... just because you participated in korea does n't make your military experienced . 
  and let 's not forget comparing our two countries in wwii . 
  2 % is an unenforced nato requirement , and should either the bern or the donald be the next us president , they 've promised to make sure you guys pay that much . 
  the truth is , the dutch military is in a severe state of disrepair . 
  as we can read in the article , two thirds of the dutch army were handed over to germany under the guise of integration . 
  you need to spend this money . 
  i agree , avionics was probably a poor choice of words . 
  i meant the entirety of the russian aviation industry . 
  in the case of war , all of them would obviously be sent to poland but the netherlands need to keep them operational and train their crews with them . 
  and finland has conscription . 
  2 % is plenty . 
  that 's just a radar . 
  performance is key . 
  and so is reliability . 
  russian planes and choppers have always been very unreliable . 
  it also means `` well '' in latin and italian . 
  russia would never give their most advanced piece of tech to finland this early . 
  not that pak fa would be absolutely outstanding , because , well , russian avionics . 
  i dig the sound of bene deluxe more . 
  integration is undeniably very good . 
  however , what 's being done is less integration and more giving away the entire national defense because the nl ca n't be bothered to maintain its own . 
  that 's not good at all . 
  seriously , you guys have literally no tanks . 
  thanks , holland , for the cheap leopards , but you guys could 've really used them yourselves . 
  having tons of experience with what finland can do with 1.5 % of the gdp , the dutch , with a high population density and small land area , could really achieve greatness with 2 % . 
  every time we beat them in hockey . 
  finnish people just like to call you guys `` tshekit '' or `` the czechs , '' as in `` i was in the czechs last weekend . '', 
  that is , indeed , a radical theory . 
  i need to watch that documentary tomorrow . 
  in the finnish military , we used the euphemism `` yellow state . '', 
  truly no style whatsoever . 
  i did n't even realize that there was such a thing as a german refugee to denmark . 
  there were a lot of finnish refugees to sweden ( mostly children ) , my grandmother was one of them , so it makes sense . 
  the forceful nationalization of russian media happens to coincide pretty well with it . 
  it * is * tasty . 
  what the fuck , man .
