  maybe i 'll rewrite yours and say that ceausescu was truly an admirable man . 
  stalin won , history lost . 
  hitler killed 8 million people , led a dangerous cult that still remains a warning of what beliefs of racial supremacy and fascism are capable of , led the world into the biggest conflict know to man , acted like a total psychopath , and painted terrible works , yet stalin somehow managed to be literally worse than hitler . 
  i hope by giving the netherlands back to the dutch , he also means deporting himself to indonesia and his wife to hungary . 
  cccp v 2.0 . 
  now with jesus and overbearing capitalism !, 
  in or out completely . 
  no in-betweeners , please . 
  in american english , `` few '' would be pronounced `` fiu . '', 
  in russia ? 
  i understand that . 
  weird . 
  greek why . 
  thc 's effect * is * the high . 
  cbd is the therapeutic component among other less well-known cannabinoids . 
  people smoked weed in our truck . 
  the drinking came later during the day . 
  never heard of chechoslovenia ? 
  that 's probably where the swedish word for woman , kvinna , comes from . 
  spotted someone who has never seen or heard , let alone fired , an ak . 
  in the finnish military , we use ak-based rk-62 and rk-95 assault rifles . 
  i 've fired mine hundreds if not over a thousand times , and you do always wear ear protection whenever there 's the slightest chance one might fire . 
  each year , there 's several incidents where conscripts fire the weapon accidentally at the shooting range or in the tent when others are n't wearing ear protection . 
  nearby people are sent to a pressurized room to minimize hearing loss , which you , by the way , will get . 
  only how bad is what 's critical . 
  in real combat , we would use active ear protection which muffles loud bangs and makes quiet whispers audible . 
  if the battery runs out , it functions as regular ear protection . 
  god , i wish we had this so bad . 
  my rk-62 on my bedroom wall would look so good , as rednecky as that sounds . 
  how the fuck does one shoot an ak at a wedding ? 
  that shit makes you deaf . 
  even at 50 meters , without ear protection , an assault rifle is so loud it makes your ears bleed , let alone it being fired at the neighboring table . 
  good god . 
  also assault rifles owned by the military . 
  80 % of men go through army so there 's a shit ton of them . 
  do n't hate me because i 'm beautiful . 
  oppression ? 
  i 've heard us helsinkians sound rich in the [ squeaky valley girl way ] ( https://scstylecaster.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/mean-girls-19.gif?w=500&amp;h=260 ) rather than the [ posh intelligent way ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/53/b6/41/53b641bc381a51035d735d52819fbe00.jpg ) . 
  god , it 's awful . 
  i know what you 're talking about . 
  it sends chills down my spine . 
  yet danish does not have that r. 
  i do n't think there really is a posh accent in finnish . 
  everyone speaks their own dialect , and none of them sound very upper class . 
  finland swedish , on the other hand , sort of does . 
  a very strong helsinki accent , which tends to drop final rs and replaces them with super long preceding vowels , strikes people as very cocky , self-important , and wealthy . 
  found an example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdfpuaucrjc, 
  exactly my point . 
  and a jew . 
  moldova is poorer than ukraine by a large margin . 
  transnistria would be absolutely fucked . 
  located in eu territory between moldova proper and ukraine with no land or aerial access , romania would also block entry from russian `` peacekeepers '' into tiraspol through chisinau airport . 
  according to the stats i found , 60 % of irish people live in semi-detached houses . 
  that 's quite rate on the continent . 
  i doubt it . 
  it 's very european to live in an apartment and most apartments that i know only have one shower . 
  most americans live in houses in the suburbia . 
  it 's not at all unusual for roommates or family members to walk around the house naked when changing clothes or walking back from the shower . 
  i know i do this all the time . 
  living in america made me realize that some people have their own bathrooms with their own showers in each bedroom , but in europe , there is usually one for the whole household . 
  so you oppose all government and authority but you 'd set up exactly that to keep `` the undesirables '' out ? 
  you believe everyone should be so equal that no superseding power be awarded to anybody except that everyone with a different background gets substandard treatment . 
  you get to do whatever the fuck it is that you want to do when the rest of the world has to abide by an imaginary line . 
  got it , you 're delusional . 
  watched the whole thing . 
  absolutely insane . 
  got ta love it . 
  just wait until those go through inflation . 
  then nothing 's sacred . 
  living in the states for a little while made me realize that i do think of myself as a european first , and finnish and nordic second . 
  in finland , admitting that you 're a super gay stoner is enough . 
  do n't forget about writing `` obama chmo '' in the back of your dirty car . 
  i sometimes see them here in finland . 
  it 's disturbing . 
  the germans could n't care less about actually invading finland which is what the russians have been known for for centuries . 
  also , stalin killed in the tens of millions . 
  hitler 's holocaust death count got to `` mere '' 11 million . 
  serious ? 
  never heard of k\u00e4sipallo ? 
  the source of hilarious news titles such as this : http://yle.fi/urheilu/cocks_pysyi_kovana_cupin_finaalissa__dicken_taipui/6432382, 
  technically yes , because only the soviets were literally worse than hitler . 
  the ivory coast seems to have a different translation in every language . 
  it 's an long open a , almost colored by a hint of finnish \u00e4 . 
  yup . 
  in the country of b\u00f6glyftet , everything 's possible . 
  google that at your own risk . 
  we have the same latitude but even after all these years , i still do n't understand why you guys would come up with something like that . 
  oh god , dutch food . 
  stroopwafels , bitterballen , sisi , poffertjes , cheese ... 
  by ejaculating . 
  i do drive a new audi . 
  fuck you landepaukku . 
  go back to screwing your sister . 
  edit : seriously , guys . 
  this was a joke . 
  everything not within ring iii is remote as fuck . 
  yeah , how dare he call us lesser people ? 
  that will never fly . 
  the only real way you could have trade agreements would be to be in the eea . 
  which means paying eu membership fees and accepting eu laws .
