  we could absolutely not care less about putting in the effort to revamp our military to make it nato-compatible or participate in afghanistan if it was n't for the fact that russia likes to invade a neighbor every few years and that we might be next . 
  trust me on this . 
  finnish defense policy is something i have a wealth of inside knowledge on from having been to the military and from the civilian part of life . 
  same thing with moldova . 
  can confirm for finland that russia 's aggressive foreign policy is the sole reason . 
  made a quick map with 5 % increments , the darkest green being  40 % and the darkest red < 0 % . 
  they 'll come crashing down once the pensioners outnumber the working population . 
  the one-child policy will become a catastrophe . 
  i 'm curious , what 's the disconnect like ? 
  [ this is a worthy cause , too . 
  ] ( http://starecat.com/content/wp-content/uploads/this-burger-has-no-cheese-1-like-1-cheese.jpg ), 
  thy intoxicants compel me . 
  obviously i used that tongue-in-cheek and with a pinch of self-irony , being a left-leaning liberal from urbanite myself . 
  she comes from a wealthy artist family and went to a prestigious university yet she advocates policies that are quite far left on the political spectrum . 
  nah , i feel like hippie wholesomeness fits ville niinist\u00f6 better than li andersson who is an affluent reverse class traitor . 
  they updated it . 
  when you go to the front page of / r/europe , it 's the right flag but the preview above still gives the old one . 
  / r/mildlyinteresting, 
  not in finland . 
  your tax records ( ie . 
  wealth ) affects how much you have to pay . 
  five-figure speeding tickets are very much possible and have happened before . 
  i know the inside . 
  they know exactly what they can get away with in finland and they 're constantly pushing the envelope . 
  party stereotypes for those who want a more nuanced view : ncp : who cares about poor people , right ? 
  sdp : do you have time to talk about our lord and savior , the labor union ? 
  center : the whole party is an incestuous pit of simple-minded hicks , just like the small countryside villages that support them . 
  greens : would n't it be fab if we just all got along ? 
  peace and love !, 
  left : helsinki liberals who feel smug about being intellectually superior while drinking a 7-euro soy latte . 
  finns : oh , what do you mean i ca n't incite hatred ? 
  i thought we had freedom of speech !, 
  spp : we 'll be sailing , call us if you need our help . 
  just do n't touch our swedish language while we 're away , okay ? 
  okay . 
  cd : let 's ban everything !, 
  i would much rather be average in a country full of smart healthy people than rich in a country full poor sickly people who have nothing to lose . 
  small modular reactors are the future , and they are way better than a traditional plant . 
  not even the finnish green party is opposed to them . 
  they do have plenty of members with connections to racist movements , though . 
  this . 
  they 're in a coalition with two right-wing parties , and the true finns might as well not show up to the meetings , considering how little they have swayed policy . 
   very vocal anti-immigration members read : inexcusably and unapologetically racist . 
  yeah , i heard people get addicted to it and get to the habit of drugging themselves every night . 
  my great-grandpa tried it once in the olden days and he never woke up . 
  `` kiellet\u00e4\u00e4n , '' as we say in finland !, 
  as an outsider , terho seems quite non-descript but he is the establishment favorite , as you said . 
  halla-aho is the black sheep but he 's such a despicable character that he 's got a cult following , so i feel like it could go either way , really . 
  i hope the media starts polling quite soon so we can know whether we should start getting concerned . 
  long time ? 
  i 'd say a century hardly counts , considering that we 've been a part of sweden way longer than malm\u00f6 and scania . 
  would you count swedish-speaking areas such as ostrobothnia , \u00c5land , and raseborg as scandinavian ? 
  your definition is quite blurred . 
  wikipedia would like to differ . 
  scandinavia and the nordic countries are so commonly conflated that they are practically synonymous . 
  it 's understandable , though . 
  it 's hard not to be smug when reality has a well-known liberal bias . 
  sounds like a drug . 
  should be banned . 
  we 'll see if that changes if halla-aho becomes the new leader . 
  relieved that it 's quite sensible . 
  i 'd much rather have sinnem\u00e4ki ( even though i 'm not as fond of her as i am of her music ) over that drunk-driving violent dude vapaavuori . 
  ever heard of the marshall plan ? 
  who knew that strengthening an economy strengthens an economy ... 
  wow . 
  they used to be psychotic but they 've really taken a turn for the worse during the past year . 
  i did n't know that was humanly possible . 
  damn , puts stuff into perspective . 
  this is how i imagine estonian workers : http://images.cdn.yle.fi/image/upload//w_1198,h_673,q_70/13-3-9489329.jpg, 
  or genk ( be ) and aachen ( de ) , or anywhere near luxembourg , really . 
  yeah , if ann coulter was a russophile communist instead of a right-wing nutjob . 
  stalin apologism , the soviet times were estonia 's moment of glory , the russian revolution is the best thing that has ever happened , finns and estonians are as dumb as rocks , etc. 
  a truly vile character full of self-hatred and historical revisionism , all in all . 
  i just call them britain and ireland . 
  simple yet descriptive and accurate . 
  they sure invested a lot of manpower . 
  wow , what an absolute cunt . 
  can you please link to a youtube video or pictures ? 
  the st. george 's ribbons i see on the cars of russian tourists every may is enough to make me want to hurl , and i 'm feeling extra masochistic today . 
  ever tasted finnish salmiac ? 
  your zoute drops pale in comparison . 
  lem me whip / u/pargelenis ' back with a birch broom . 
  my neighbor is italian . 
  =( do n't worry about kimi , though , we 've got mika and keke who are more legendary . 
  and valtteri just for good measure . 
  zuig 'm , nederland . 
  true that . 
  amsterdam would definitely be my favorite city if it was n't so completely overrun by tourists . 
  ah , of course , makes sense . 
  i like how / r/trees is at 420,420 . 
  could be the language barrier . 
  at least i have yet to meet a spaniard who speaks good english . 
  is there are financial incentive for this or are people doing it for the shiggles ? 
  utrecht still feels dutch but amsterdam has become quite the melting pot . 
  i 'd say london is the only other city in europe that has lost its local cultural character as markedly . 
  well , anywhere not in europe but germany does have good prices for a western country . 
  well , that 's what she 's doing basically . 
  oh , do n't get so butthurt , grzegorz . 
  this is n't pervyi kanal but ria : https://ria.ru/society/20170326/1490824223.html they barely mention him . 
  they focus all their efforts on convincing the reader that the protest is illegal .
