  could be because they do n't use the verb `` to be '' in the russian language . 
  = i from finland . 
  not berserk , but can confirm that there is asparagus everywhere in finland . 
  including our kitchen . 
  which falls in line with what i stated above . 
  mexican immigrants speaking spanish at home . 
  besides , we have immigrants who speak their own languages , too , you know . 
  so , ever been to europe ? 
  yeah , it 's not like that at all . 
  there 's a few immigrants , mostly of mexican origin , who do n't speak english . 
  but everyone else in the us speaks english and is part of the monoculture . 
  there 's 27 official and semi-official languages in the eu and approximately 508 million people . 
  that 's one language per 19 million people . 
  300 million americans speak english , and english only . 
  and that 's only the language part . 
  i have n't even touched the local food , folk music , societal norms ( such as ways of greeting or perception of personal space ) , religion or lack thereof , or history . 
  and before you say `` b-b-but black people ... '' , remember that we have subcultures too . 
  something tells me you 've never been to europe . 
  i 'll have you know that i 've lived in the united states , and i 've visited several states . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your question correctly . 
  so are you asking me to explain how , for example , belgium which has three different languages and two very distinct cultures is more diverse than the united states where a mainer can speak to a californian and a washingtonian can speak to a floridian and hardly notice an accent ? 
  please flair up . 
  otherwise i do n't know whether i should laugh or cry . 
  i was n't alive then but i doubt it . 
  we should have stopped with all the neutrality bs back then and joined nato . 
   women already have to have children for the nation no . 
  they do n't . 
  it 's their choice to if they want to . 
  unlike men and our conscription which is mandatory . 
  besides , laws regarding employment during and after pregnancy are really good in finland . 
   women expecially are very anti-nato . 
  this is why we need equal conscription for both men and women . 
  women , i respect the fact that you do n't want men making decisions regarding your body on your behalf . 
  so , please , do n't you dare make decisions that can directly affect my life . 
  god i hate how finlandized older finns are . 
  i asked my dad about his opinion on joining nato , and his answer was `` we should n't anger russia for nothing . '', 
  i asked `` so you 'd be happy with having russia is dictating our foreign policy and finland not being fully independent ? '', 
  then he got super agitated and started spewing shit about what a hero kekkonen was . 
  to me , he was just a power-hungry dictator who finlandized the minds of finnish people and kept his position of power with his connections with the kgb and kremlin . 
  definitely not someone to be proud of . 
  surprise aansluiting from the north , anyone ? 
  because the organizers understand english but ca n't verify the appropriateness of banners written in other languages . 
  this is my personal speculation . 
  last time i was in tallinn , i asked my taxi driver to take me to the harbor in english , and he asked me why we finns do n't speak finnish in estonia any more , in perfect but slightly accented finnish . 
  he was definitely over 50 so it made sense . 
  what if we just lumped everyone under `` english ? '', 
  that should satisfy everyone , right ? 
  this is non-news . 
  it is only going to be a debate since , by law , it is required to have a debate if a citizen 's initiative gets over 50 000 signatures . 
  not even the people behind it support it any more . 
  i 've been there too , but i just realized where it is . 
  oh yes , this is all i 've ever wanted from life !, 
  also , karelia has been finnish centuries longer than crimea has been russified ( it 's the home of the crimean tatars , it 's never been russian ) , yet no one in russia is talking about returning our ancestral lands and then second largest city they took from us in wwii to their rightful owner . 
  funny how that goes . 
  start with limburg . 
  according to international law , in southern ukraine . 
  what are their positions on russia ? 
  relevant username . 
  i guess having the same history for the past 100 years does that . 
  this is somehow even more confusing to me . 
  but okay . 
  sorry , baltics , that we were too busy defending ourselves . 
  wish we could have helped you out . 
  how do you get all of those hooks and dots or whatever you stack onto your letters ? 
  he does . 
  but it means he has to win california big time . 
  i hope the fbi make a move so that we would n't have to hear from shillary ever again . 
  you think the nuclear deal with rosatom was good ? 
  was the border agreement a victory ? 
  trump has already come around on transsexuals and medical marijuana . 
  cruz creeps me the fuck out . 
  definitely not cruz . 
  trump is dead wrong on a lot of issues , but he 's a little dumb , so he can be convinced to do the right thing . 
  cruz , on the other hand , is wrong about everything , but he 's smart , and that makes him very dangerous . 
  if you ask me , cruz might as well be the zodiac killer . 
  our leaders are bending over for you . 
  our president keeps negotiating shitty deals with russia and so does stubb . 
  nord stream needs to rerouted from finnish territorial waters unless we can tax the fuck out of it . 
  unless sanders absolutely annihilates her ass in california or she gets arrested by the fbi , queen president hillary i is just going to sit on her throne and not do a single thing other than enjoy being a modern-day royal . 
  `` i 'm madame president , i worked hard for this , and i deserved this because i 'm a woman . '', 
  mark my words . 
  there 's a subreddit for * everything * . 
  so one of them space buckets would n't land you in legal trouble even if you got busted ? 
  more like `` u wot ? '', 
  no thc in them though . 
  not so fast . 
  maybe one day . 
  what are the laws considering growing in the nl anyway ? 
  i keep finding contradicting statements online . 
  some say that 5 plants are tolerated , some say you are only to allowed to grow outside and lights are banned , while some say growing is illegal altogether . 
  even though persecuting is a good word for it , i think prosecute is the word you 're looking for . 
  and nothing from sweden , am i right , danes ? 
  also neighbors of the former soviet union . 
  build whatever the fuck you want out of your country , russia . 
  just leave us and our friends finally alone . 
  at my school , almost like half the people took french in their matriculation exams . 
  only very few took german . 
  i was one of the only ones who took both but i also got ls in both of them . 
  swedish , english ( if either swedish or finnish is your second language ) , and french . 
  some people take german and spanish too .
