  they sell them here in the netherlands as a novelty item at your day-to-day grocery store ( albert heijn ) but i 've never seen anyone buy them . 
  let me ask you something : do you pay for spotify , netflix , or any other similar streaming service and enjoy the fact that it is ad-free ? 
  the yle tax is anywhere between 70-140 euros a year , depending on your income , which is very similar to if not less than spotify and netflix . 
  i have absolutely no problem with paying that . 
  i for one welcome victoria as our overlordess . 
   also your women have a tendency to try to stick fingers in weird places . 
  they do ? 
  brb , moving back to finland . 
  but yeah , i should visit latvia again . 
  it 's been more than decade , i think . 
  and streetview makes it look like you guys have put eu monies to good use in the time i 've been away , at least in jurmala . 
  looking very dapper , indeed !, 
  only with public funding can you ensure that they remain neutral . 
  imagine if there was no yle and sanoma media and their competitors had the market all to themselves . 
  now * that * would be biased . 
  also , it 's refreshing to have some alternative to the ever-increasingly ad-infested media . 
  m8 , did n't you hear about the # 350 million going toward the nhs ? 
  it 's good , innit ? 
  that 's literally two places in the nordic countries . 
  just ask 20 million americans who are about to lose their health insurance what conservatism tastes like . 
  i demand flat earthism and scientology !, 
  ok then ... http://ci.memecdn.com/9384036.jpg, 
  m\u00e5rran is a chick though . 
  i 'd be down . 
  we need to diversify our assets in case spurdos and dolans go belly up . 
  fun fact : finland has been swedish way longer than scania . 
  just wait till you meet our pirkkos and tyynes . 
  i 'm a sadist so you know who i 'm waiting for ... https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/fi/9/90/buka.jpg, 
  reality has a well-known liberal bias . 
  thy art welcome . 
  why ? 
  what 's wrong with starting the day off with some masculine beauty ? 
  they do n't matter if they were done by white people . 
  finland can into eastern europe . 
  it is a good combination , though . 
  dude , have you tried it ? 
  it tastes almost nothing like salmiac . 
  did you drink it black ? 
  go to a good cafe and ask for a latte . 
  way less bitter that way . 
  i guarantee you that you will like it . 
  that 's how it all started for me . 
  yes , liechtensteiner . 
  not liechensteiner . 
  assuming finnish people even know what an espresso is . 
  black drip coffee all the way up in the northern latitudes . 
  tim hortons . 
  tell everyone that their mother has cancer . 
  no dutch person would ever do that . 
  also , french fries , kebab and cheese are considered a total abomination . 
  we have quite strict regulations , though . 
  some of them , i guess , are good people . 
  big if true . 
  the best employees are the ones that are the most mobile . 
  they do n't want them to leave too early . 
   liechtenstain, 
  you 're not wrong . 
   lichtenstain, 
   lichtenstain, 
  so you 're a highly educated hairdresser ? 
  the uk was one of the biggest naysayers . 
  they still are even though the decisions wo n't apply to them . 
  they 're was a grammatical error wear their should n't of been . 
  in brexit britain , may triggers you . 
  eli5 and tl ; dr in one : you refuse to pay everything back and lenders decide whether they trust you when you need to borrow again . 
  wow , finland decreased by 8 % in 5 years . 
  and it was at 33 % 7 years ago . 
  does one 's smell depend on genes too ? 
  because i swear i can sometimes distinguish nationalities by their body odor . 
  i would get naked and sweaty with a random stranger over having to talk to them , hands down . 
  am finnish . 
  can confirm . 
  now back the fuck off away from me . 
  that would be pechtold , though , right ? 
  they are also too progressive to hang out with vvd and two christian parties . 
  gl would be the only option that would balance the coalition away from capito-conservatism which d66 is n't fond of either . 
  i 'm betting that pechtold demands gl . 
  we wo n't quit until duinkerke is northern netherlands . 
  exactly . 
  i find it interesting ( and scary as well as hilarious ) that maastricht of all places would vote to keep the grensen dicht . 
  germany has that kind of history , too . 
  just because politics are or were fucked up , it does n't mean the landscape , culture , and people are n't magnificent . 
  rutte has said quite a few times on live tv that the chance of a vvd-pvv coalition is `` zero point zero . '', 
  and they would not be able to find other coalition partners . 
  vvd + d66 + cda + gl looks like the only option . 
  or the west fucking up the middle east in the first place . 
  mega progressive socially , center / center-right economically . 
  rutte does n't have a lot of options , though . 
  fantastic stemming !, 
  there is no president in nl , though . 
  one of these candidates will become the pm , the political leader of the nation . 
  is october okay ? 
  i know dreary winters , though , so it 's not like that bothers me too much anyway . 
  sure are . 
  and one of them will become the prime minister , aka the political leader of the nation . 
  ( spoiler : it 's rutte . ), 
  do n't sweat it , bruder . 
  one of those candidates will be the prime minister , though . 
  both the dutch pm and the us president are heads of their respective executive branches . 
  went ahead and did it for the shiggles .
