  and i could n't be happier , if we 're being completely honest . 
  do n't underestimate how racist some finns are . 
  these accents , though ... 
  wait , they have a 2-round fptp system ? 
  huh . 
  not ideal but might work to some extent unlike the uk system . 
  as long as you paid extra . 
  screw telia . 
  when my t-mobile nl contract runs out , i feel like tele2 will be my new provider . 
  fuck paying $ 30 for 20 gigs . 
  ttip was only one example of the things he votes for . 
  he has a 96 % voting rate as a mep . 
  because he goes against everything he is preaching : brussels has too much power -  votes to give brussels more power . 
  see how much sense that makes ? 
  oh yes , correct . 
  you can probably guess where i 'm from , based on my bad command of these lappish terms . 
   ah , yes , the same guy who offered his house to refugees he never did though . 
  he lied . 
  it 's not a hyphen name . 
  it should be hallaaho ( `` cloudberry bog , '' if i 'm not mistaken ) but finnish does n't like putting two of the same vowels after one another where two words meet in a compound noun . 
  bus is linja-auto but a regular old car is henkil\u00f6auto , if that makes any sense . 
  yeah , but you 'd at least expect them to abstain or vote no on everything in order to oppose the supposed brussels overrule . 
  but no , this creep votes on all kinds of cohesive integrationalist measures , even ttip . 
  somehow the irony is lost on him and his voters . 
  ah , yes , the same media that got ripped into pieces by reporters without borders for protecting our right wing prime minister . 
  source ? 
  this would be hilarious incompetence . 
  to be fair , i do n't blame them . 
  tearing up a contentious island apart like that would be worse than the previous two catastrophic tory blunders in the past year . 
   any failure to meet a hard brexit ... would be the death of the conservative party . 
  could be that it 's your idea of normal . 
  coming from a mainstream agnostic family , i can tell you that laestadianism is viewed as nothing short of insanity among outsiders . 
  my mom 's side of the family is ostrobothnian so there is plenty of connections to laestadianism . 
  i do n't know what it 's like there in sweden but i have *** never *** heard of anyone staying in touch with their family after leaving the faith . 
  in fact , they usually get shunned and receive threats before they finalize their rejection of the religion . 
  there are several branches with varying degrees of conservatism . 
  most of them belong to the conservative branch , though . 
  it is a full blown sect and a cult . 
  see my other comment why i think this way . 
  i know people like saying that but laestadianism most certainly is a sect . 
  mirriam webster defines a sect as follows : `` a dissenting or schismatic religious body ; especially : one regarded as extreme or heretical . '', 
  why do i think laestadianism is crazy : - the bible is the only moral authority - no contraception - no kissing or sex before marriage - i probably do n't even have to type out what they think about homosexuality - no alcohol - no dying hair , make-up , ear rings , piercings , tattoos etc. 
  - no popular music - even gospel music is banned - classical music is ok but you ca n't go see it at a concert - certainly no tv and often no movies or internet - 12 children is considered an average family size - you have to greet others with `` godly greetings '' - they start yelling and twitching when they feel their god is forgiving their sins - leftism is defined as literal heresy - no acting and you ca n't be a professional musician , but somehow being a photographer is ok - there is a large child abuse ring that has been uncovered but the religious authorities get kicked out for speaking against it because secrets that have been told to you may never come out - laestadianism is divided into several branches that all seem to hate each other - if you leave the faith , you will be excommunicated and you will never see your family and friends again i do n't know if those fill any of your characteristics of a cult but they sure do mine . 
  laestadianism is more conservative than conservative islam . 
  more like nutjob christianity . 
  sipil\u00e4 is laestadian , which is a sect , and orb\u00e1n is calvinist . 
  maybe not the eu because it would set a weird precedent but canada in schengen would be amazing . 
  is sail biking a thing ? 
  let june be the end of may then !, 
   why ? 
  because it exposes your faults ? 
  like not accepting basic human right of giving citizenship to the people ? 
  but they can get a citizenship if they wanted to , though . 
  they can claim a russian citizenship or learn the local language and become estonian . 
  it 's their choice . 
  they choose themselves to remain stateless and that is completely out of spite , from what i understand . 
  the baltics are pretty damn generous by letting them stay in the first place . 
   they have visa freedom in eu and russia at the same time . 
  that 's insane . 
  how do you get back into the eu without a passport ? 
  i live in the hague . 
  there 's a nice mix of different kinds of architecture , imho . 
  a lot of nice landmarks . 
  and if you crave a more traditionally dutch experience , delft is right next door . 
  what were they ? 
  how did they self-identify ? 
  yeah , fridays are reserved for pizzaperjantai . 
  \\ #justfinlandthings, 
  this . 
  appropriate username , by the way . 
  i always drink coffee before an exam or a long flight , not for energy , but to get that pesky turd out of my system so i do n't have to go when it 's inconvenient . 
  damn . 
  i 'm from helsinki ( not far at all from kallio ) but i have n't been back to finland since august . 
  you went to a lot of the places i usually go to in helsinki so reading this was like i never left . 
  the gifs we cool too , like little vignettes . 
  thanks for putting in all the effort !, 
  i really enjoyed this post . 
  there was a dude from ostrobothnia some time ago . 
   would have expected to see a lot more bikes the climate and the hilliness of the city make biking a bit of pain but they 're improving bike infrastructure as we speak . 
  east-west traffic north of downtown is a bit of a mess but otherwise it is a very good system imho . 
  i do n't know . 
  we did n't get to see sanders vs. trump . 
  literally anything could 've happened . 
  you 're saying they invented them ? 
  git outta here . 
  luxembourg should anschluss itself with germany and call it deluxe . 
  i do n't know about germany but the dutch system sure is bare-boned compared to finland . 
  that is something we do n't know for sure and probably never will . 
  we 're currently exploring basic income ( / r/basicincome ) for this reason . 
  why did this happen in the first place ? 
  i 've tried to read up on the velvet revolution and the dissolution but i do n't seem to understand . 
  sounds nice . 
  i would much rather see bratislava play against czech teams than russian khl teams . 
  portland : when ca n't quite afford seattle and you 're trying to convince yourself you 're cool with it . 
  helsinki is in the wrong place . 
  where then ? 
  eastern ? 
  actually 70-80 % of all violent crime in finland is committed under the influence of alcohol . 
  the symbolism is way deeper in the finlandia hymn . 
  the melody recounts the entire history of finland , and the part with the lyrics is about finland getting back on its feet after the defensive victory against the soviet union .
