  it 's happy in a typically finnish melancholic fashion . 
  the current national anthem is inspired by a german drinking song , which is less glorious . 
  how far north ? 
  fuck yeah it is !, 
  amazing that someone 's first introduction to europe was in my neighborhood . 
  and this is because conservatives do n't think climate change is an issue . 
  i find it funny that it 's gurka in swedish and agurk in norwegian . 
  the a ca n't decide where it belongs . 
  what , did you annex the netherlands again ? 
  depends entirely on your bedroom curtains . 
  you forgot booze . 
  it goes well with all three . 
  they actually do . 
  andorra : small population , mountainous which means people get regular exercise , mediterranean diet , access to healthcare in neighboring countries in more complicated cases . 
  iceland : again , small population , access to eu healthcare in complicated cases , food and alcohol is prohibitively expensive so people tend to rethink their purchases . 
  switzerland : outdoorsy people in a mountainous country with food prices that give you a headache . 
  i 'm sure your politicians want it to be a proper english breakfast and none of that healthy continental garbage . 
  and denmark was shat out of chalk and water . 
   why does europe have to be a super power ? 
  why is n't a defensive treaty satisfactory ? 
  we need it to protect ourselves . 
  we 're currently the only major economy that is at least semi-seriously trying to bring down our carbon footprints . 
  i 'm generally against neoimperialism but this time it 's necessary for the survival of our species . 
  same goes for human rights , now that trump is president . 
  the us administration , russia , and turkey all hate us . 
  when you do n't have any powerful friends left , you have to man up yourself . 
   why should there be a unified command structure when the army is comprised of separate sovereign states with their own foreign policies . 
  who would control it ? 
  we need a unified command because it needs to act as one entity , not as splintered brigades with each their own objectives and interests . 
  this is the very reason we need a common army in the first place : strength through unity . 
  finland , even though it 's a bilingual country , always gives its military commands in finnish so that everyone gets the same message . 
  if the nyland brigade got different instructions from all the other brigades , there 'd be no cohesion . 
  see what i mean ? 
  an eu army would probably work like nato where member nations have to invoke an article , calling others to help , from where the war effort will be led by a unified command . 
   nato . 
  when the us president says nato is obsolete , nato is obsolete . 
  europe can no longer rely on american support . 
  nato is built upon unwavering trust , and that trust does not exist anymore . 
   save money on what ? 
  european armies have overlapping investments and operations . 
  if we bring everyone under the same roof , we can coordinate everything better . 
  we need one big group effort , not 28 ( 27 ? ), 
  separate half-assed attempts . 
   very few countries hit the minimum 2 % gdp expenditures on defense for nato anyways . 
  we need to change this . 
  pronto . 
   europe already has a defensive alliance . 
  yes and no . 
  the eu requires member states to aid one another upon attack but the type and extent of help is not specified . 
  one country might send 15 teddy bears , name it humanitarian aid , and call it a day . 
  that is not enough . 
  czechia and slovenia can into west . 
  gulags helped in the fight for survival how exactly ? 
  the shortlist or the blacklist ? 
  google translate 's audio has gotten pretty good recently . 
  just press on the speaker icon . 
  literally over a million soviet soldiers were sent to finland to be slaughtered by our army . 
  and what for ? 
  they definitely were n't protecting themselves against the nazis . 
  the nazis came after their first attack . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_war https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continuation_war, 
  of course !, 
  loss of human life is always a tragedy and it should never be forgotten . 
  i 'm just not comfortable with calling this a victory when humanity went from one dark place to another . 
  this is the victory of a murderous oppressive regime over another . 
  the soviets killed many of my relatives and forced the rest into exile . 
  they enslaved our cousins to the south and divided our continent into two , killing 20 million while at it . 
  there is absolutely nothing joyful in the picture for me . 
  both stalin and hitler killed millions of people . 
  neither should be celebrated . 
  fuck this post . 
  only denmark is turned 90 \u00b0 , the other ones have been stretched on the y-axis , though . 
  the british flag is too complicated and small to comment on , though . 
  good !, 
  yes , the backside is what i mean . 
  the other side varies , though . 
  my dutch ehic has my health insurance provider 's logo and my customer number while the finnish ehic has information on what the card entitles you to . 
  here in the netherlands , i got one from my health insurance provider automatically . 
  in finland , you get them from the government and you have to ask for them . 
  i have two now . 
  if you are an eu citizen , get an ehic . 
  get it now . 
  i ca n't stress this enough . 
  he could have waved a couple times . 
  i understand that hypocrisy is a big issue with my argumentation but overpopulation is a global problem that should have been dealt with much much earlier . 
  we simply can not sustain 10 billion people as a planet if everyone starts striving for a quality of life equivalent to that of europe , which is now happening in china . 
  women having an education and pursuing a career is the number one way to bring down the birth rate , and it 's frankly too late now . 
  who knows , we could have even eradicated conservative strains of religions if we had pushed for it a hundred years ago . 
  never said it was . 
  besides colonization itself , one of europe 's biggest mistakes was not educating women and bringing birthrates down in our colonies . 
  climate change and africa 's problems would be a lot easier to solve if the human population had n't absolutely exploded in the past century . 
  it tripled . 
  so did spain , iceland , and the netherlands . 
  nothing too whacky . 
  but then again your unfortunate 20th century history made the outskirts less enticing for tourists . 
  i can tell that you 've never lived in a place with a lot of tourists . 
  how * dare * you make us suffer the consequences of our reckless decision ? 
  watch the video , though . 
  it 's a light-hearted jab . 
  one could even call it banter .
