  and randomize the gearbox serial numbers !, 
  there are probably 3 supreme court justice spots up for grabs this term . 
  with the house , the senate , and the presidency all in republican hands , we 're going to face a hard decade or two full of conservatism . 
  because technological advancements and market demand have n't caught up with what regulators are legislating . 
  every car manufacturer does this . 
  it just happens that the vw group got the shitty end of the stick . 
  portuguese people do n't generally drink port wine . 
  it 's mostly an export . 
  english is actually insanely easy . 
  subject , verb , object , and no bullshit unlike in most other european languages . 
  helsinki has me ruined . 
  you do n't * need * swedish but if you want finding a job , an apartment , and friends to be less of a struggle , you should learn it . 
  luckily it 's pretty easy . 
  the hague , helsinki , amsterdam , liverpool , gothenburg , copenhagen , stockholm , dublin , bristol . 
  pretty good for a helsinkian living in the hague . 
  you do realize that novorossiysk is bigger , right ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5aph9g/finnish_government_suspects_russia_of_buying/d9ieulx/ and it 's turkey and nato that have control over the black sea , no matter what happens . 
  as long as they have the ability to control what goes through the bosporus , that is . 
  i 've said it before , and i 'll say it again . 
  russia has extensive coast line on the black sea and their key naval base is in novorossiysk , not in sevastopol . 
  i believe they 're all articles , le , la , and l' . 
  loiseau should essentially be l'oiseau . 
  they still do clickbait , though . 
  viipuri was our second biggest city , though . 
  imagine mexico annexing los angeles or denmark retaking malm\u00f6 . 
  i will accept crimea as part of russia only when there is a proper international election monitoring system . 
  in the 2014 referendum , propagandists like johan b\u00e4ckman were the only foreigners who got anywhere near the booths . 
  as you said , not finished . 
  therefore irrelevant until further notice . 
  supo does n't fuck around . 
  they do n't hypothesize in the media . 
  they only come out when they have something incriminating to say and they can prove it . 
  finns in general do n't speak unless we really have to . 
  to answer your question , i have no clue . 
  yet they keep doing it every 70-100 years . 
  why did they do the mainila shelling ? 
  we do n't know . 
  it just always happens . 
  no logic applies to the russian desire to expand . 
  their most important naval base on the black sea coast in novorossiysk , not crimea . 
  it makes no sense for them to conduct operations from crimea when you would have to use a congested ferry route to get there and you can instead use a port where you have a land connection to . 
  also , they already had a base in the mediterranean , in tartus , syria , which is one of the key reasons for their intervention in syria , to protect their bases and please western syria , which backs assad the most and is in return friendly to russia . 
  trust me , i 'm obsessed with this . 
  i know this . 
  this anti-russian sentiment in ukraine is largely due to the invasions in crimea and donbass , not so much as a result of euromaidan . 
  i am certain they could have kept the bases in crimea , even a land connection to transnistria , if they had n't pulled this shit . 
  even if they had to have paid more for the rent , it certainly would have been cheaper than having a war . 
  someone was n't paying attention . 
  intelligence and guerilla spec ops close to telecommunications towers , other key infrastructure , and military bases . 
  russians have raided and occupied our lands quite cyclically . 
  i do n't expect this to have ended 70 years ago . 
  what did they have to gain by invading crimea ? 
  or persecuting gay people ? 
  do n't try to apply logic to the kremlin-mandated russian hivemind . 
  i live in the netherlands , and while the young folks have us nordics beat , there 's still a bunch of people aged 45 and above who have never taken a single english class but did german instead . 
  i have a few friends with whose parents i have to mix dutch and german ( and substitute what i do n't know with dutchified swedish words ) to get my point across . 
  it works out well but the mental juggling is almost exhausting enough to make it easier for my friends to just act as an interpreter . 
  but i 'm working on my dutch and i 'm making good progress , so this should n't be a problem for too long . 
  i wonder how they did yoda since his grammar was already german . 
  free trade , good . 
  tribunals where american companies can use canadian subsidiaries to sue european states but states ca n't sue corporations back , not good . 
  wow . 
  ouch . 
  if you live in official student accommodation , you are almost guaranteed to qualify for huurtoeslag . 
  can confirm , qualify for huurtoeslag . 
  that 's just like in german . 
  \\* hides and ducks *, 
  i live in good old 's - g actually , next to haagse bos which you guys insist on calling a forest even though it 's a small park . 
  i 'm just poking fun of you guys . 
  tortillat avataan . 
  hey , you guys have gasselterboerveenschemond and 's - hertogenbosch . 
  what fucking town starts their name with an apostrophe , let alone followed by an s and a dash . 
  do n't you even ... edit . 
  accidentally a word . 
  also good advertisement and great flights for extremely competitive prices . 
  for example , by far the best route between the nordics and the pacific northwest in the us is via reykjav\u00edk , i can say this from experience , so i guess a lot of people are tempted to stop in iceland for a day or two . 
  i know i will definitely do that when i go visit my friends in seattle again . 
  icelandair has really ramped up their presence . 
  but they go anyway . 
  because it 's a great cure for cottonmouth . 
  bretagne is brittany in english . 
  can confirm . 
  ski in cervinia/zermatt every year . 
  i 'm sure kaaskoppen can dig their way out of it . 
  it 's basically the whole brain with the stem and all . 
  this has more pissy russians swearing than a game of dota . 
  anti-russian ? 
  sure . 
  hardly . 
  you ca n't help it that reality has a very anti-russian bias . 
  i hope he manscapes . 
  the dutch accent is okay . 
  it 's not annoying at all so do n't worry about it at all . 
  dutch people just need to pay attention to their v 's and soft consonants for the sake of clarity . 
  one of my professors pronounces the word `` valid '' as `` fallate '' which is quite amusing . 
   ` ij is 'n letter ' ftfy, 
  euh ... is er lekker salmiak in nederland ? 
  both me and my neighbor live in holland . 
  we 're in fact very much fans of our new home . 
  i doubt anybody would read that much into the text .
