  hey , this is potentially triggering for the gamekin community . 
  i know ... also , oslo , stockholm , and helsinki are as far north as anchorage , ak . 
  north america is crazy south . 
  til i know catalan . 
  this 'll blow your mind then : the southernmost point of canada is farther south than the northernmost part of california . 
  what language is that ? 
  * never been to tunisia , but i 'd love to go . 
  these stupid terrorist attacks do n't scare me . 
  hey , adding those pointless u 's is too fucking labo_rsome . 
  how about this : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/01/crimeas-independent-tatar-tv-news-channel-silenced-by-red-tape, 
  yeah . 
  russia totally does n't oppress the gays either . 
  see how they do n't oppress straight people ? 
  i sincerely hope what you 're writing is / s because : http://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesinternational/2015/05/18/russia-violates-civil-rights-of-crimean-tatars-in-occupied-crimea/, 
  i shall blame the passengers . 
  probably a lot less now that russia has been doing what it does best : oppressing . 
  i wish the eu just unified its armies already so that we could stop using nato to fill the void . 
  seems like people really want to focus on them and give them the attention they see as glorification . 
  dude , thanks for reminding me that k-maro exists !, 
  a semi-cringey nostalgia trip is exactly what i need on this slow day . 
  how about we focus more on russia which has killed hundreds of people with one buk missile and keeps on killing more europeans every day . 
  these terrorist attacks are basically a fart in sahara compared to putin , and attention is all these terrorists want anyway . 
  get out of here with your facts and logic . 
  stormfront is all you need . 
  but muh intuition fed to me by right wing populists !, 
  marine le penis in a nutshell : `` dae teh mooslems ?! '', 
  we have our own right wing retards but now that they 're in the government and even the dumbest of all citizens realize that all they come up with is 100 % populist criticism and absolutely zero content , they 're gon na be fucked by the end of this term . 
  actually , exactly yes . 
  terrorism means making people afraid . 
  changing our countries through fear is their number one goal . 
  it 's not the system and its breadth that 's the * core * issue . 
  it 's the capacity for abuse . 
  it 's just one insane leader away from turning from an extremely ineffective counterterrorism tool to a readily available dissident and thought crime database . 
  this . 
  the nsa themselves admitted that they 're useless . 
  also stoners gon na stone without having to go to prison even though they have n't hurt anyone . 
  it 's the aftermath of us not having an export . 
  no nokia , no wood , nothing . 
  he is one too . 
  i do know of that theory . 
  i just do n't believe it 's valid in this case . 
  sure , if canada removed all trade barriers for stuff imported from the states , the humongous economy would steam roll the smaller . 
  but between europe and america , the economies are similarly sized and they trade with each other roughly the same amount . 
  i do n't see any losers in the freedom of goods and capital within the eu , so i 'm sure it would work between two bigger players . 
  what ? 
  did you comment in the wrong place or do i just fail to comprehend anything at all in what you 're trying to say ? 
  what i 'm suggesting is that consumers in europe could buy an american product , say an iphone , from the states without having to pay an import tax in the customs . 
  and in exchange , americans can buy an audi without having to pay an insane protectionist sum to the government . 
  that 's basically what free trade means to the end consumer . 
  french wines and german cars would have an insane advantage in the us markets if their price did n't include the import tax chilean wines and japanese cars do . 
  if that did n't explain my reasoning , then try to rephrase your critique so that i too understand it and can refute it . 
  i say we split it between germany , france , and italy and donate the gold for the maintenance of auschwitz and other memorial sites for the holocaust where the gold actually belongs . 
  me too . 
  i 've traveled to all except a couple eu members , and i could n't be happier to be born here . 
  spending a year in the states just reinforced that . 
  my identity goes european  helsinkian  finnish  nordic . 
  finland is trilingual , thankyouverymuch . 
  to be fair and with all my love for schland , fuck german internet . 
  they have the nsa , gema , no net neutrality , expensive phone operators , ridiculous piracy laws ... 
  the list goes on and on . 
  not switzerland . 
  imagine using your phone like that too . 
  whoa . 
  only if something was done about it . 
  this . 
  get rid of import tariffs on both ends . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  we 're still above you and look down on you . 
  nl above finland ? 
  i 've seen people do this . 
  can confirm . 
  it 's fucking weird . 
  i have n't been to amsterdam yet , but i found the hague to be rather easy to adapt to . 
  the bike lanes are painted red to make sure they draw your attention , and they 're at a different level from the sidewalk . 
  while it 's straining to keep your eye on so many things at once , i did n't fuck up once the four days i spent there . 
  i even biked around there , and it was wonderfully easy . 
  another cyclist yelled kankerhoer at me , but then again it was him who was cycling in a direction where bikes were n't uitgezonderd . 
  the same way things that are n't working properly break -- not fix themselves -- when you hit them out of frustration , humans do too . 
  children are particularly fragile . 
  i know you are incapable of imagining that even white people can commit crimes , but bikers are a huge problem in the nordic countries . 
  i had a dude shot dead in front of my building as a kid . 
  it 's these geniuses who are launching anti-aircraft missiles and bomb attacks at each other , and they 've been at it for a couple decades now . 
  on one hand , you can get a cayenne for 9000 . 
  on the other hand , it 's stolen . 
  hmm , decisions , decisions ... 
  but he 's muh best frand !, 
  that fika and diskutering game is really strong in these neighbors of ours . 
  hollandic dutch has a very specific sound to it ( kind of american plus an extremely phlegmy ch sound ) , and only west frisian comes close to that . 
  afrikaans sounds like flemish , but all the other continental european samples sounded like varieties of german to me . 
  to me , norwegian sounds like a swede reading danish but stretching consonants in odd places and squeaking at the end of all sentences . 
  of course , the dialects of norwegian can vary more than the difference between bokm\u00e5l and standard swedish , but generally speaking . 
  funny how differently people perceive the way each language sounds based on their knowledge of their nearby languages and dialects . 
  that specific accent does to an extent . 
  with the exception of swedish and norwegian , which i understand perfectly fine , i understood some bits here and there in all of the samples , so i was n't concentrating too much on the meaning but the phonemes and overall sound . 
  having a language i have no problem speaking pop up unannounced , also sounding way different from what i originally expected , caught me a little off guard . 
  mixed up low saxon , luxembourgish , north frisian , and yiddish with each other . 
  could be because i had never heard them spoken before . 
  took me several seconds to realize i understood what was being said . 
  * now let 's just hope that the belgians and the swiss do n't show up in this thread . 
  also wind power , weed , and particularly guttural languages .
