that made me say `` ugh ew '' out loud for some reason . 
  not even kidding . 
  28 feels like death . 
  i would have written it in finland swedish , but there is no difference in spelling . 
  tank top and shorts for me . 
  it snowed today . 
  a minor correction , 20\u00ba is when i * have * to wear a short-sleeved t-shirt and shorts because everything else will make me sweat a more profusely than i already am . 
  i 'd wear a pair of jeans and a button-up shirt for 16\u00ba . 
  that 's nice and pleasant imho . 
  do n't get in my face . 
  just do n't . 
  20 degrees is roughly when i stop wearing hoodies and it 's actually t-shirts and shorts kind of weather . 
  even worse . 
  sd and f !, 
  yeah , he 's pretty well known for speaking a lot of languages and tweeting every chance he gets . 
  because there are municipalities where finnish is n't even an official language , swedish is . 
  the coasts are filled with more or less bilingual towns . 
  loved the shield that said `` putin huylo - la la la '' . 
  otherwise truly revolting . 
  how many often does america invade your airspace and archipelagoes ? 
  not many people realize that lebanon was originally a kind of a christian version of israel . 
  dibs on wallonia . 
  the only thing separating putin from hitler is putin 's second ball and 8 million lives . 
  but he 's not far from making that reality . 
  confirmed . 
  yeah , germany 's great !, 
  delicious as fuck . 
  http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:languages_of_finnish_municipalities_ ( 2008 ) . svg there 's pretty much all you need to know . 
  iirc finland actually insists it 's called helsingfors in norwegian . 
   graisse , which is french for fat . 
  same thing with greece and grease . 
  that template is n't accurate . 
  the karelian language is by no means a significant language east of finland , and lots of southern municipalities in finland have a swedish-speaking majority ( kimito\u00f6n , raseborg , ing\u00e5 etc ) . 
  also the ( in ) famously unilingual swedish-speaking municipality of n\u00e4rpes and the swedish majority town of kristinestad are drawn to be on the finnish side . 
  pretty accurate . 
  pretty accurate . 
  there is no nokia . 
  none . 
  all gone . 
  all buried . 
  as in does n't exist anymore . 
  what future ? 
  they did away with nokia 's brand name altogether yesterday . 
  their phones will be called windows lumia from now on . 
  nokia is 100 % in the grave now . 
  cheaper labor from other parts of europe tends to speak english . 
  they wo n't come to , say , finland because they do n't want to learn a hard-ass language when they can go to the uk instead whose language they already master more or less . 
  pretty much the only eu transplants who come here are estonians who usually never officially move to finland . 
  we need their assets frozen !, 
  more like `` s\u00e4 mit\u00e4 j\u00e4b\u00e4 ? '', 
  but still completely understandable . 
  but last january , though . 
  the swedes ' faces were priceless . 
  dat feel when you understand what both of you said without studying either language ... 
  actually , if you ever fly icelandair , you 'll be quick to realize that danish spoken with a strong icelandic accent sounds almost identical to finland swedish . 
  i understood it perfectly fine and it even took me a second to realize what language it really was . 
  i wo n't bother to look up a source , but i remember reading somewhere that icelandic , finland swedish , and finnish ( whether that 's a coincidence or an adopted trait , i do n't know ) are all phonetically and intonation-wise very close to old norse . 
  i think it 's sweden and norway who adopted their melodies on their own , while denmark and finland were isolated by sea and excluded from such a development . 
  it 's also interesting to note that there is a fascinating continuum of purebred uppland dialects on the western coasts of \u00c5land to kimito\u00f6 in finland , which has a pretty traditionally southern finland swedish dialect . 
  ( ostrobothnia is of course a-whole-nother story . 
  them crazy * pampeser . 
  dear brit , that 's not how you use `` whom . '', 
  but yeah , it would be mannerheim . 
  former exchange student here . 
  most high school exchanges cost around $ 10,000 and you live with a family and go to a school for a year . 
  you never really switch places with anybody . 
  these flex and yes programs ( for post-soviet and muslim countries respectively ) are the exact same thing , except the us dept of state pays for everything but does require the student to do volunteer work for a teeny bit . 
  afaik , americans can take part in the same program but it just works in reverse . 
  however , americans are n't as willing to go to these places as the people from there are willing to go to america . 
  not all swedish dialects are melodic , the ones in finland are as flat as danish . 
  i 've heard that there is an intonation-related difference between anden ( the duck ) and anden ( the spirit ) over in sweden but there is no such distinction in finland . 
  i 've been there . 
  it 's pretty fun , if you do n't mind the cold . 
  it 's just like a normal town , which is eerie , because it is n't . 
  you are required by law to carry a rifle if you get out of longyearbyen . 
  they have a university there and a few good restaurants . 
  they hardly pay any taxes there , so prices are surprisingly reasonable . 
  you can also go to all sorts of observatories or take cruises to huge-ass glaciers and old soviet mining towns , which are quite the pinnacle of soviet architecture and propaganda . 
  all in all , would probably go again . 
  come to the dark side . 
  only residents of the town can buy weed there . 
  ~ ~ only in amsterdam is it legal for everyone to buy . ~ ~ southern provinces only sell it to residents of each town . 
  [ do n't mind me , it 's just me going to class in the morning ... ] ( http://blog.timesunion.com/mdtobe/files/2010/12/stares3.jpg ), 
  there might be another article about it somewhere else that was more detailed or then my memory fails me . 
  it was a year ago after all . 
  [ finnish . 
  that 's nagasaki city . 
  i was talking about the nagasaki prefecture which has the letter n on it . 
  i remember seeing news about a finnish guy sitting right across from the roma beggars , holding a sign `` domestic alternative -- need $ for beer '' and sure enough , roma mobsters showed up in black benzes to shoo him away . 
  they could n't attack him in the middle of the city , right in front of the central railway station , so they gave up and left . 
  i do n't support begging bans , you obviously need to fight fire with fire . 
  context : the svalbard economy is driven by coal mining and oslo 's boundless generosity . 
  been there , coal is being mined , can confirm . 
  more like not in their backyard down the road , nitbydtr . 
  they 're roma from bulgaria and romania and are apparently brought by organized crime ( bg and ro roma mobs ) to beg for money ( which they give away to the mobsters ) in exchange for food and security . 
  ah , that 's why you lot can binge on teslas with a good conscience . 
  here , ~ 60 % of our electricity is still produced with fossil fuels and garbage burning , making electric cars , according to my own guesstimation , only 40 % sin-free . 
  the flag of nagasaki has latin text on it , so it 's obviously a flag of the ancient romans . 
  great logic there . 
  not all muslims are arabs and not all arabs are muslims .
