  why would you ban something consenting adults would do to begin with ? 
  well , [ that 's our beloved neighbor , sweden , for ya . 
  we have the second bulletpoint here in finland , too . 
  i always got mindblowingly good grades , and i was rather frustrated the very first years because i already knew how to read , write , and count and could speak some english . 
  while my parents would have liked to put me in a more advanced school , i later started to get kicks from helping others . 
  i think it 's good to put good students and bad students ( i do n't like these terms because people are talented in different things and school is affected by one 's motivation ) in one class , but that 's just my personal experience speaking . 
  you guys do have food shortages and a nationalized oil industry . 
  [ holy shit . 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/263/430/3a0.jpg ), 
  norwegians who do n't dig it should move to svalbard . 
  that place makes even alaska jealous !, 
   75 % of norwegians are in favour of a law that punishes people for paying for sex while they are abroad , even if it is legal where they did it . 
  what ? 
  norway , you crazy ... 
  according to finnish wikipedia , reindeer ca n't pee while running , so they have to stop for a pee break . 
  that 's why poronkusema is significant enough to be used as a measure of distance . 
  all that hallucinogenic stuff sounds like an epic troll . 
  i 'm not from the north or of s\u00e1mi heritage , but that ca n't be true . 
  `` dating ? 
  what 's that ? '', 
  -- finland, 
  share awkward moments of eye contact with strangers !, 
  it gives them orgasms and makes their hearts skip a beat . 
  just make sure to look away as quickly as possibly . 
  correction : finns do not use this at all ; it 's the s\u00e1mi . 
  i live in helsinki , and if i used reindeer piss as a legit measure of distance , i 'd get laughed at , and probably beaten up . 
  we do n't have any reindeer south of oulu , as far as i know . 
  not yet . 
  i usually learn by listening to the radio and googling all the words i do n't know yet . 
  i wo n't start studying dutch until i can say for sure that i 'm going , but i 'll keep your tip in mind in case i do get accepted . 
  the hague . 
  i found the perfect university for me and the international/diplomatic scene could land me an internship or maybe even a job which would match my studies . 
  i already speak english , swedish , and a bit of german and understand danish and norwegian , so learning dutch should n't be too big of a challenge . 
  not that i would really need it , but it would be nice to know the local language . 
  plus holland is way more interesting than finland and it 's in the middle of everything . 
  this . 
  turku is the asshole of all of finland , and espoo is a boring suburb . 
  even the name reveals it : espoo - it 's poo . 
  til . 
  that 's fantastic . 
  ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/jonne+god+i+was+bored_3f33ed_5288355.png ) retarded tweens who abuse euroshopper energy drinks ( nicknamed es ) in order to get a slight buzz ( p\u00e4rin\u00e4 ) . 
  i can always try . 
  i still think i have decades to go though . 
  oh yes . 
  from the new in dr-byen to the old in nyhavn , me gusta . 
  neonazis have already started throwing molotov cocktails , fireworks , and rocks at the refugees because they thought this migration was going too peacefully , but that does n't probably fit your narrative of peaceful europeans and asylum seekers who are all extreme islamists . 
  i visited copenhagen simply because i wanted to see a girl who had come to europe from the american west coast and partly to cross denmark off the list of countries i had n't visited . 
  i left my heart in copenhagen , not because of the girl , but because copenhagen is awesome . 
  it 's the best nordic capital , and this is coming from a helsinki native . 
  then how come i , someone who has studied both , ca n't understand a bit of romanian ? 
  eh , closely ... 
  i 'd say as closely as spanish and italian . 
  speaking as another finn , can confirm . 
  i only understood `` lennujaam '' and even that 's because i 've always thought it sounds funny , not because it 's similar to finnish , because it 's not . 
  much better . 
  too real . 
  just do n't walk around publicly . 
  fuck off denmark , belgium and we have been fighting for that spot for ages . 
  back off , we do n't need more competition . 
  well , what 's dumb in most other countries is rather smart in norway . 
  in theory , no . 
  in practice , it 's so close to the arctic circle that they do . 
  tornio is farther north than fairbanks , alaska . 
  am finnish . 
  saw this in german class . 
  can confirm . 
  implying there 's other types of people in tornio to begin with . 
  basically all of this applies to do finland too . 
  yet they still want to come here . 
  your comment is rather pointless . 
  just beg the center party and their bastard friends not to destroy the system before you arrive . 
  ah yes , continental europe . 
  the mansion is coming , cousin . 
  it 's also important to note that the true finns also oppose abortions and support other deeply christian values , since their leader timo soini is devoutly catholic , which is rare in an atheist country such as finland . 
  but yeah , all in all , your comment covers all the important bits and proves my original point . 
  because [ east-asia is incredibly racist , and it has always been that way . 
  opposing anything and everything that 's new , different , or foreign . 
  it 's your average conservative party for the simple minded , with a healthy dose of racism . 
  danish is super easy . 
  i understand it without ever having studied it . 
  it 's the pronunciation that throws people off . 
  the premise would have been much more believable if it were simply `` russia attacks norway . '', 
  what do you mean ? 
  are they better or just completely different ? 
  i 've only ever eaten the american kind . 
  pb and bananas , a match made in heaven . 
  us = undersergeant , a military grade, 
  sidu . 
  there 's an \u00c5landic us in my unit right now . 
  i guess there are more \u00c5landers coming to serve than i thought . 
  this . 
  copenhagen is hands down the best nordic city , and this is coming from a helsinki native . 
  what 's your opinion on * finlandssvenska * ? 
  you might want to take a listen of yle x3m or yle vega if you 've never heard it before . 
  ancient insults , such as kankerhoer . 
  flat intonation languages masterrace . 
  the easiest way to tell most swedes and norwegians apart without knowing the languages would be to listen to the melody . 
  swedes stretch in the middle of their sentences and norwegians start low but end with a squeaky high note . 
  ** swedish : ** hur ^ gam - mal ^ ^ eeee du ? 
  i would n't say so .
