  and provide a map , too . 
  now my future hagenaar neighbors wo n't beat me up . 
  i 'd tell you that i 'll be moving to the netherlands in two months . 
  i have a study spot and an apartment lined up . 
  i am an excellent student with good connections and promising in my field , trilingual with great aspiration to pick up dutch as my fourth language ( i listen to radio 538 every day and understand most of it ) , good work ethic , no criminal record , and a will to contribute to the dutch society . 
  and you let this peroxide blond indonesian with a hungarian wife convince you immigrants like me are n't welcome ... you know , i find that a little insulting . 
  but i wo n't let that get under my skin because i know i 'm better than that . 
  and him . 
  http://alibbondon.nl/wp-content/uploads/2008/01/wildersposter ( 3 ) . jpg, 
   finland and norway have very good relations what relations ? 
  heard about these yesterday . 
  will try when i 'm there in two months . 
  oh yeah ... that too . 
  the world 's been too busy thinking about scottish independence , so i 've forgot all about northern ireland . 
  that place would go literally ballistic . 
  britain , not so much . 
  there 's one place in norway that 's actually pretty affordable : svalbard . 
  everything there is tax free . 
  i went there in 2013 , and the prices in longyearbyen were quite similar to finland . 
  it 's weird because it 's probably the most remote `` normal '' town on earth . 
  half the veggies i see in the grocery store here in finland are from either spain or the nl . 
  it 's amazing when you think about it but seeing all the greenhouses explains it . 
  but ... but we saved you from the nazis !! 1 !, 
  will you please leave gay nato , plox ? 
  and ex-wife . 
  nl and dk would actually be few of the last to exit the eu . 
  i very much doubt the eu will make brexit easy on britain in order to set a precedent and prevent future exits from happening . 
  if britain ends up leaving , the biggest force pushing for a multi-tier europe will be out of the game , and the name of the game will move more towards `` either you 're in or you 're out '' with less in-betweeners . 
  i could even see the eea de facto cease to exist . 
  champagne , by definition , is from a specific region in france . 
  everything else is sparkling wine . 
  same thing with cognac vs brandy . 
  enjoy paying a hell of a lot more for them , then . 
  all it requires is a redefinition of the word terrorism , and you can strip pretty much anybody of their nationality to advance your political agenda . 
  russia already does this but in reverse . 
  they give out russian citizenships to foreigners they dislike without them knowing , kidnap them , and put them on trial as russian citizens . 
  the name makes me want to go there . 
  this . 
  midnight cruise , more like . 
  remember what company makes it ? 
  yeah , you can call them your real family . 
  you 're pretty much finnish by now . 
  it is definitely more expensive in finland than in germany . 
  one of those bellarom coffee drinks cost $ 1.30 here , and i remember them going for 40 cents in germany . 
  the ceo of lidl finland has come out saying that they jack their prices up a lot higher than necessary because the other competitors here absolutely rob their customers . 
  lidl still beats them in pricing by a wide margin . 
  nah , i read it as `` pricey junk . '', 
  do you feel often that way ? 
  ura !, 
  i doubt they landed on the wrong island . 
  even if the skipper was a conscript , i 'm pretty sure there was a commissioned officer in charge . 
  you do but very rarely . 
  and even then it 's pretty idiot proof so that outsiders do n't wander in . 
  good thing we do n't have checkmarks like sweden . 
  that 's why we need one common army , not just a collection of smaller armies `` promising '' to help each other out . 
  this would be the dream , though . 
  strong europe standing on its own two feet instead of relying on others . 
  mmm , someone 's sippin ' on that rt juice . 
  so what 's up with the script ? 
  i keep seeing 50 % latin , 50 % cyrillic . 
  how does it work over there ? 
  kept russia from invading the baltics . 
  i like how we 're at the same level with denmark . 
  we do n't even like soccer that much . 
  we just import thai people to pick our berries . 
  it was n't a real union . 
  it was an occupation and an attempted ethnic cleansing . 
  it was the baltics ' choice whether they allowed stalin 's settlers to remain after regaining their independence . 
  i think they 've been very understanding by letting them stay and granting most of them citizenship . 
  now if the rest could decide for themselves if they 're 1 ) estonians/latvians living in estonia/latvia 2 ) russians living in the eu with an immigrant visa or 3 ) russians living in russia . 
  living in a limbo for decades whilst hating the host country should not be a valid choice . 
  and if learning the local language is a requirement for citizenship , then you either learn it or accept the fact that you 're not willing to integrate and do n't belong there . 
  they have the freedom to choose . 
  there just is n't a lot to choose from . 
  wait , i know him . 
  from some tv show . 
  i have that and i 'm finnish . 
  the upper half of the iris is green and fades into a blue towards the bottom . 
  all surrounded by a dark ring . 
  nope . 
  just spanish things . 
  if they have black jackets and stubble sideburns , they 're italian . 
  do n't forget the soft s. jesj , it sjoundsj veri datsj . 
  the guys : buzzcut , leather jacket , black pants , adidas shoes , dumb sunglasses , slightly overweight the gals : b grade paris hilton with the tallest high heels they could find, 
  a lot of you guys tend to go for [ this look , ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/94/64/7a/94647a6df1f2c404624af2b8f4ccfd6b.jpg ) especially when it 's not at all appropriate for the weather . 
  last winter at a ski resort in italy , i saw some stockholm fuccbois dressed like they were going to sturep even though it was snowing . 
  you guys have a lot of woolen sweaters , especially blue , or a light-colored dress shirt that tucked in . 
  usually with a [ hairstyle like this . 
  ] ( http://cdn.vkool.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/the-messy-waves.jpg ), 
  i saw some kids at burger king yesterday . 
  they spoke a language that sounded like a mixture of dutch and icelandic . 
  figured they 'd have to be flemish . 
  somewhere expensive : https://www.google.fi/maps/@60.1566221,24.9370079,3a,75y,344.12h,85.45t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1scztbtpfkspc5hr_nzpi_og!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 somewhere average : https://www.google.fi/maps/@60.2082861,24.9664364,3a,75y,109h,96.25t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sqfluajqlzlbpsdon_4aojg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 somewhere cheap : https://www.google.fi/maps/@60.2387563,25.1005734,3a,60y,277.89h,95.2t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sutstp0rrkrlfdpq-zfmq-q!2e0!7i13312!8i6656, 
  wow , what the fuck . 
  it 's like they want to fuck with you on purpose . 
  bornholm rightful scanian and thus swedish clay confirmed ? 
  but swedes would n't dare to say that if russia attacked . 
  and asparagus . 
  because 1 ) i have no idea what those figures mean without an explanation . 
  they 're simply numbers without a label regards to what they 're supposed represent .
