  also varkaus ( theft ) is a somewhat significant town in eastern finland . 
  finland 's got tons of space . 
  all i know is that a quarter of our power source is biomass , and it works . 
  i used to live on bainbridge . 
  back in the day i went to whidbey island , la conner , and the neighboring areas quite a bit . 
  ah , good times . 
  you * can * have the cake and eat it too . 
  you just bake a new one each time you eat one . 
  that way you always wind up with a cake in the end . 
  that 's the core principle . 
  the same works with trees : you plant as much as you consume . 
  say a tree that you plant takes up 70 kg of carbon . 
  when you burn it , the same 70 kg will be released in to the atmosphere . 
  no net emissions . 
  i wonder if that 's close to roozengaarde . 
   \u0160tvrtok holy shit , that took me a long time to pronounce . 
  in finland , we have ii . 
  next to it is yli-ii . 
  they 're carbon reserves . 
  of course releasing carbon reserves into the atmosphere without adding the same amount of intake is going to increase atmospheric carbon dioxide , but biowood is about using as much as you 've grown . 
  sure , there are still going to be aerosols and other particles , but carbon-free is already something . 
  at least it does n't need to be buried underground to prevent our kids from getting cancer . 
  beautiful . 
  brings a tear to my eye . 
  well , you obviously did n't go to christiania . 
  tons of trees there . 
  oh my god , this shit again . 
  for the 500th time , scandinavia and the nordic countries are so close to being synonymous that no one cares . 
  how about a slightly wonky ellipse of stupidity ? 
  putin appreciates the same tactic : `` oh , did i misplace my troops within your territory ? 
  sorry about that , let 's set up an unfair referendum to solve this . '', 
  that 's still 42.3 % of utter shit . 
  not satisfied . 
  a tree can only release as much carbon as it holds in . 
  if you grow a tree and then burn it down , no more nor less carbon will be released back into the atmosphere . 
  simple as that . 
  also the idea of a large unintegrated russian minority does n't sound too appealing in this day and age . 
  otherwise i would n't have too big of a problem with it . 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rl4vdbd6fzk/vkqst-qbcwi/aaaaaaaagvq/g8rl1qypnpo/s1600/russinbullar.jpg ), 
  it 's a raisin bun/rusinapulla/russinbulle . 
  [ abundance , you say ? 
  ] ( http://www.wrensworld.com/raisin.gif ), 
  one could say i 'm chuffed to bits . 
  does n't it mean happy ? 
  mostly , but the chicks did speak swedish . 
  fug your gountry . 
  so what part of neutrality allows you to help people flee from foreign oppressive regimes but stops you from boycotting them when it 's clearly in everyone 's best interest ? 
  you 're under euroarrest . 
  that 's exactly what they said about the euro . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  they would n't . 
  would you personally grab a machine gun and rush to finland if russia were to cross the finnish border ? 
  exactly , you would n't . 
  sweden is neutral too . 
  at least they have common decency . 
  what , are you going to tell me you guys do n't take in refugees and send international aid , because neutrality forces you not to get involved and give a shit about human lives and suffering ? 
  well , you 're certainly not helping . 
  look at the map for once ; i live 300 km away for st. petersburg , a russian city with more people than all of finland combined . 
  we have a conscription army , and it 's there for a reason . 
  as an able-bodied man from finland , every inch of help that is given to the russian military is an indirect threat to my existence . 
  easy for you to say when none of your ancestors have ever had anybody attack and try to kill them for no good reason . 
  over here , russian attacks are very much a realistic scenario , and my life is on the line , just like my grandfather 's was . 
  two of the women in the trailer spoke swedish , though ? 
  i can . 
  their actions are killing hundreds of people , and potentially threatening the lives of millions more , including mine . 
  fuck them . 
  to an outsider , they do sound somewhat similar . 
  though , scanians have really round vowels ( \u00e5ker bil -  \u00e4ok\u00e5r bejl ) and a different rhythm that lacks the distinctively danish glottal stops . 
  yep . 
  starting next year , fj\u00e4llr\u00e4ven k\u00e5nken backpacks will also be made part of the uniforms . 
  very much possible . 
  i guess they still are , to an extent . 
  i had no troubles whatsoever understanding what they were saying . 
  weird ... 
  holy shit . 
  i can understand what they 're saying . 
  it has no effect when it 's our pms who are fucking us over . 
  definitely double citizenship . 
  it 's not like there 's massive immigration from sweden . 
  eh , your joke was a bit unpolished , if you ask me . 
  stereotype confirmed . 
  they do . 
  even icelandair broadcasts their in-flight messages in danish . 
  though , with their thick icelandic accents , it sounds more finlandssvenska than danish . 
  teliasonera here in finland charges extra to use their own network roaming-free in other nordic countries and the baltics . 
  absolute insanity . 
  one of us , one of us ... !, 
  same here . 
  hockey is for real men , and it 's thus the only acceptable sport . 
  his own fault for making so much money . 
  he could also slow down next time . 
  not for a millionaire it ai n't . 
  wait , you have to be driving closer to 90 km/h in a 50 zone to lose your license ? 
  jeez . 
  it 's feim\u00f6s finis f\u00e4sh\u00f6n . 
  i heard trump wants to build a dam and make europe pay for it . 
   apparently , preparing for the parade judging by the lack of camo and the white paint on the grads , this is extremely likely . 
  it 's may 9th soon anyway . 
  yes , that is correct . 
  should have been more specific .
