  we actually hate weed more than cancer for some very strange reason . 
  estonia has a flat tax rate . 
  not progressive enough . 
  long gone are the days of finnish domination . 
  who 's the one on the right ? 
  she kinda looks like an older [ susanna koski ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=susanna+koski&amp;safe=off&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1180&amp;bih=621&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewivko7gooznahxgkywkhqfqaauq_auibigb ) , a finnish politician . 
  man , i 'd love to be happy about equality but i ca n't stand any of them . 
  at least i can pride myself on coming from a country that had women as both pm and president simultaneously at one point . 
  not that i adore either of them ... 
  you 're not the only one . 
  people are worried about ruining flevoland ? 
  i mean , how much worse can it get ? 
  where else could he have gone ? 
   they obviously tried to inflict severe injuries though . 
  if they had wanted that , they could have easily done that within the 10-minute time frame they had . 
  instead , the victim only had minor bruises . 
  well , * now * you 're interested having fun with the continent . 
  make up your mind already . 
  i , too , think it would work . 
  the true finns were hugely popular until last year when they were taken into the government coalition . 
  they 've been completely shut up , their reputation is in shambles , and their support has fallen to 9 % . 
  brexit looked like a stinky turd from a distance , but upon closer inspection , it turned out to be an awful chocolate mousse with jizz on top . 
  exciting for some , still quite repulsive yet humorous for the rest of us . 
  the victim did n't get severe injuries and the fetus survived , so if the perpetrators showed real remorse and the victim had provoked them , there might be a scenario where the punishment would have been just . 
  it could be that the victim knew them personally and asked for a mild sentence , who knows . 
  i really do n't know the case and its intricacies well enough , so it 's nearly impossible for me to judge . 
  someone who keeps on killing or raping people has to get some kind of pleasure out of doing it . 
  that 's no ordinary scumbag . 
  not even gang members can get so wound up in it . 
  fool me once , shame on you . 
  fool me twice , shame on me . 
  fool me thrice , you 've got to be insane . 
  repeat offenders are obviously not sane . 
  they need mental treatment , not prison , and to my knowledge , that 's usually how it goes as well . 
   whats a conviction/penalty then ? 
  not revenge ? 
  in finland and most developed countries ? 
  no , definitely not . 
  prison sentences serve three purposes : 1 ) deterrence 2 ) time-out 3 ) rehabilitation . 
  fines mostly deter people from doing more minor crimes or engaging in perceived reckless behavior like speeding . 
  some places , like the american south , have revenge-based justice systems where people do end up in jail for life or even executed and do n't allow prisoners to get accustomed to and reintegrated into life as free men and instead make jail time as miserable as possible . 
  that is reflected in the crime statistics of said areas . 
  hiking is a popular past time activity in finland because there 's nature nearby everywhere even in helsinki . 
  and sometimes you got ta pee so you get off the path and zip down by a tree . 
  done it a bunch of times , especially in the military because there ai n't no port-a-potties in the middle of the wilderness . 
  they 're the friends and family of the victims , not actual victims . 
  if a pedestrian gets hit by a car and dies , that person 's partner will suffer and mourn but it does n't mean they were hit too . 
  victim . 
  there 's only one . 
  the word you 're looking for is revenge . 
  these people are n't looking for justice , they 're looking for revenge . 
  and you can end up on the list by going skinny dipping or peeing in a bush in the woods . 
  ie normal finnish behavior . 
  savage . 
  switzerland won the immigration jackpot but they 're complaining . 
  the air is just too thin up there , i guess . 
  i do have to in case i want to survive without student debt . 
  judging by what i 've googled , the insurance does n't seem to be very expensive . 
  maybe i 'll just get it for the months that i 'm working . 
  okay , thanks !, 
  darn it . 
  what about just studying ? 
  iirc my university said the card should suffice but i just want to make sure . 
  finnish reservist here . 
  i get the feeling we 're excluded . 
  hey , dutch folks !, 
  if i have this , do i need to get insurance for a summer job in the netherlands ? 
  i 'm moving there in august to study . 
  they would be . 
  the nordic council adopted this policy before the eu did . 
  in like the 50 's , if i recall correctly . 
  the ukrainian people overthrew an oppressive government that 1 ) no longer represented the wishes of the majority and 2 ) sent the berkut to shoot and kill people who exercised their legal right to assemble and protest . 
  russian military involvement in ukrainian politics and its sovereignty is the crisis . 
  russian intervention in the crisis ? 
  russian intervention is *** the *** crisis . 
  that was until june 24th . 
  now we 're practically waiting for the first ira bomb to explode in belfast . 
   nice european values the eu has : international law and human rights only concern us in our neighborhood . 
  fuck the eu . 
  nice values you have : international law and human rights do n't concern you even in your neighborhood . 
  fuck you . 
  because they were once again painfully wrong and they got real life and facts slapped all over their faces . 
  yes , there 's probably enough cooperative parties to build a majority coalition but will they support euroscepticism and anti-immigrantism ? 
  i doubt it . 
  which ones ? 
  name three . 
  there 's only so much talent in one country . 
  in our case , it 's all gone to ice hockey . 
  and people are quick to forget how painful it was to file off zeroes from the ends of people 's bank account balances ( aka devaluation ) and how frequently we had to do it . 
  euro , while not perfect , has been the steady bedrock we had needed for decades before it . 
  tynkkynen is about as straight as a corkscrew and open about it but he 's still against gay rights . 
  there 's just no getting through to some people . 
  even if pvv did win the next election , there 's no one who would build a coalition with them in any of wilders ' terms . 
  apology for poor english when were you when saddam hussein dies ? 
  i was sat at home listening boulevard of broken dreams when bush ring ` saddam is kill ' ` no ', 
  no , austria is completely shut off from the rest of the world and they ca n't air the biggest news event of the month . 
  they even learned about 9/11 just last week . 
  i bet farage wo n't continue his `` no election - this is not best-out-of-three '' rhetoric when this suits his political narrative . 
  big ballot bought the election . 
  fuck them for wanting a reelection and a high voter turnout .
