  i find it easier to scare people into voting no , and harder to convince people to feel strong enough about yes that a lot of people would bother to go vote . 
  this referendum hardly mirrors the sentiments of the populace . 
  that 's not what i meant by germany and the rest is simply not true . 
  no , you 've got a bright future ahead of you . 
  that 's why . 
  i 'm so jealous of iceland right now . 
  germany with cdu , the us with the republicans ( obama ca n't really do much since both houses are in the hands of the gop ) , finland with the current government which has done even less than the previous one , hungary with jobbik , italy with berlusconi , greece since pretty much the fall of the macedonian empire etc. 
  the thing with benefits is that they get taken away once you 're back on your feet . 
  for most , it discourages working and , for some , it does n't make any economical sense to find work . 
  thus , ensuring that everyone will make more money if they find a job will delete this trap . 
  it would also reduce bureaucracy considerably , and you have no idea what a huge saving that would be . 
  for the working people , it would merely be taxes that are returned to the citizen . 
  finland is currently setting up a basic income study , and these are some of the arguments proposed for it . 
  no one has n't really come up with good counterarguments ( at least i do n't think `` sounds like communism '' is constructive criticism ) so most parties are carefully in support of the implementation . 
  i would n't be at all so optimistic . 
  they can design the reactor so that only rosatom can service the plant . 
  and if finland and russia have a disagreement , putin , who is full control over rosatom , can pressure finland by either raising service costs to exorbitant prices or threaten not to service the plant at all , leaving finland without a significant percentage of its electricity . 
  regardless , finland 's dependence on russia increased through that deal , and i think it 's very dangerous . 
  i find the rosatom deal even more astonishing . 
  we ordered a plant from a company that is 1 ) part of putin 's hegemony and 2 ) the constructor and operator of chernobyl . 
  who the fuck would ever think this would be a good idea ? 
  extremely unresponsible politics from , once again , stubbid . 
  areva and rosatom are very unsuccessful nuclear projects , and fukushima would surely push people on the fence into the energiewende camp . 
  just because you speak english , it does n't make you an englishman . 
  the same way , swedish-speaking finns are n't swedes . 
  that was eight years ago . 
  i wonder what the opinions are now , after the fukushima , areva , and rosatom disasters . 
  my opinion has n't changed but i do n't trust the average joe . 
  fuck you . 
  regards : dickey mouse . 
   possibility of joining eu . 
  this is not a vote on that at all . 
  both syria and turkey have been associated for years , yet they 're no where near becoming credible candidates . 
  also south africa and chile have an association agreement in force . 
  and why would it be bad if ukraine joined the eu if it filled all the criteria one day ? 
  also , nl alone can veto ukraine 's accession into the eu , if deemed necessary . 
   displacement of our low skilled workers . 
  association agreement = / = inclusion in the european economic area . 
  two very different things that have practically nothing in common . 
  an aa is a framework which opens a dialog for development . 
   products entering market without the tough eu regulations put on dutch producers , especially in the meat industry . 
  again , aa = / = eea or any other trade agreement . 
  this is * not at all * what you 're voting on . 
  sure , it will open a dialog for increased trade and lowered tariffs , but none will be implemented unless it is in the direct interest of the eu . 
  the netherlands has also plenty of farming subsidies to combat this . 
  as someone else commented on here , albania has a similar association agreement , yet i 've never seen albanian meat being sold , ever . 
   tensions with russia is a political game my country should not be playing . 
  either you stand up to putin or he 'll walk all over you . 
  he does n't fuck around . 
  he 'll even bomb his own cities to shit to get what he wants . 
  just look at grozny . 
  and i have n't even mentioned what he 's done to civilians in syria and ukraine . 
  or a few hundred of your countrymen ( mh17 ) . 
  he 's a psychopath who needs to be contained . 
   russian trade being endangered . 
  more trade with russia = more power to putin . 
   rather i always like to know , what are the advantages for my country ? 
  a country 40 million less dependent on russia and more able to exercise democracy in the liking of its own people , not putin 's . 
  ukraine has a lot of catching up to do , and once its economy starts to grow rapidly , you want to be in on the fun . 
  it will be a huge market once russia quits its bullshit and ukraine is more linked to western nations . 
  you will want to sell dutch products there . 
  and the risks are ? 
  here , as in ~ ~ eastern europe ~ ~ central russia ? 
  atat\u00fcrk is really rolling in his grave . 
  yup . 
  only watched it because i knew he would n't want me to . 
  huh . 
  i thought it had something to do with jesus * getting * out of his burial cave . 
  two , really . 
  sonera , which is known for data caps and network problems , and glorious dna . 
  the danish soft d is actually a vowel . 
  crazy but true . 
  \\ #justdenmarkthings, 
  having three lengths for vowel sounds is something i just ca n't wrap my head around . 
  yup . 
  why learn rikssvenska , when you can learn the one true swedish ^ tm ? 
  \u00e4y, 
  where do you live in switzerland ? 
  really ? 
  to me , hungarian sounds like someone imitating finnish . 
  the vowels and the emphasis sound very finnish to me but it 's complete gibberish with no actual resemblance to finnish . 
  it is . 
  soft , slightly rolled r 's , no hard and guttural g 's ... soft dutch is exactly how i would describe flemish as an outsider . 
  as someone who 's had a closer look at n\u00e4rpesiska and kristinestadsm\u00e5l , no , it 's not closer to icelandic than swedish . 
  it does , though , have eerie similarities with some rural dialects of norwegian . 
  for example , the head of fritt norge in the tv show occupied sounds freakishly like some of my friends from the army attempting to speak norwegian and failing miserably . 
  ebin, 
  sorry if i 'm heartless , but i think everyone who invests in russia and sees their money disappear just have it coming . 
  we 've been living next door to russia for millennia yet people still do n't seem to learn that russia is n't reliable . 
  no , this is exactly why all drugs need to be legalized . 
  soft drugs should be sold in licensed stores and consumed either in private or in allocated bars , and hard drugs should be produced by the state , sold in pharmacies , and consumed in controlled environments . 
  drugs are going to be used regardless of legality , so we ca n't afford having gangs reap all the profits and chop off heads of people who got themselves in an unlucky situation . 
  and , surprise surprise , finland . 
  yeah , do read the article . 
  please . 
  soviet historians speculated finns had participated to enforce their own agenda but there is no historical proof of that ever happening . 
  finland was only in it to regain the karelian isthmus and maybe other finnic areas not previously part of the country if the war went well , and had no desire to blockade civilians , as stated several times by ryti et co. 
  it 's all in there if you actually read it . 
  oh , so now finland participated in the siege of leningrad . 
  do rewrite my nation 's history .
