  we even started our basic income experiment a few weeks before you did . 
  `` both of our finns '' means kimi r\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen and valtteri bottas . 
  he placed way below both of our finns last season and he 's belgian anyway . 
  yes , i know . 
  it 's our ( by that i mean europe 's ) bad for sending you our cults and racists on the mayflower . 
  true freedom is when you can drink beer * while behind the wheel * as long as you stay below the legal limit . 
  america is fantastic if you 're wealthy and healthy . 
  also lightly pigmented skin helps . 
  what conditions can legally be treated with mmj ? 
  or do you only need to be in treatment for a full year ? 
  rename it new amsterdam and draw a canal on bredeweg , right through tijdplein . 
  could someone spend a half an hour editing the map to reflect this ? 
  one of the biggest banks is already planning its escape and article 50 has n't even been triggered yet . 
  this is only the beginning , buddy . 
  ume\u00e5 or even farther north ? 
  you 're saying russia is * not * an absolute threat to european security ? 
  depends where you live , i guess . 
  but google is giving me -3 degrees tonight at the coldest in the hague . 
  might get some sleet up north . 
  biogeographical regions . 
  same thing with finnish and latvian . 
  maukas means tasty in finland . 
  desperate scousewives . 
  yeah , not even the flemish . 
  i live in the hague . 
  so holland , takk !, 
  besides , finland has been a part of sweden longer than scania . 
  such ties to denmark must have left their mark . 
  it works like than in sweden , too . 
  `` anden '' can mean either `` the ghost '' or `` the duck , '' depending on the tone . 
  i forget which tone meant which . 
  finland swedish , though , being as glorious as it is , and also the master dialect , does n't make a distinction . 
  says the scanian . 
  just accept that you 're danish . 
  danish spoken with a strong icelandic accent sounds scarily familiar . 
  last time i flew icelandair , i first wondered why they made announcements in finland swedish . 
  does anyone have more clips of it so i can listen very carefully ? 
  will switch for belegen kaas and stroopwafels . 
  dutch beer really is better than belgian . 
  that 's an estimate of an average of bulk purchases and single doses . 
  that 's about 8 million euros worth . 
  to be fair , super white states like the dakotas or montana , just to give a couple examples , have high rates too . 
  yeah , i can confirm all of these to be true , having lived here for a ha\u00f6f a year now . 
  just wondering if the belgians had anything more specific . 
  what are some clues ? 
  we just want to be liked back . 
  but russia hugs too tight . 
  europe has such vivid cultures that i do n't think we 'd cease to be considered distinct countries even if we lost our de jure sovereignties to a higher entity . 
  oh , this is good . 
  interesting that the name is so old . 
  yup , dutchness confirmed . 
  but long and short vowels and compound word rules that make no fucking sense . 
  i did n't go to split or dubrovnik but all the small idyllic harbor towns in dalmatia . 
  that could be the reason . 
  it does n't even follow linguistic boundaries . 
  there are swiss german villages in the french-speaking parts all the way next to the italian border . 
  1939 germany best germany ( sorry humanity ) . 
  also the croatian coast . 
  fuckers speak fluent serbo-croatian , italian , german , french , and russian but not a word of english . 
  to add to this , when it comes to finland swedish , [ n\u00e4rpes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-bvvigclw4 ) has a very strong dialect which is nearly incomprehensible to people from the south . 
  all [ ostrobothnians ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tywygdm4ire ) have a very strong dialect , as they have three genders instead of two to name one clear difference , but people from vaasa are the most understandable . 
  also [ \u00c5landers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zai95dw6bq ) speak with a weird accent but it sounds like it 's 2/3 sweden swedish and 1/3 finland swedish with mostly finland swedish vocabulary and grammar . 
  speakers from around [ raseborg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9ibg_h5kns ) have a very american-sounding r and tone and speakers [ east of helsinki ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffidxtt8b5i ) have a very exaggerated r and a choppy tone where as the [ capital region ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-xn4yclb_4 ) has a very snobby accent but it 's pretty close to the finland swedish standard , h\u00f6gsvenska , with the exception of the omission of r 's at the ends of words . 
  this actually a question i 've been wondering about for a long time . 
  everybody keeps saying that baltic russians sound way different but i have no idea what that means . 
  i 've heard all kinds of people from rhineland-palatinate say tach instead of tag , isch instead of ich , and zwanzisch instead of zwanzich or zwanzigk . 
  norwegian has two rs too . 
  nah , i would never go near it . 
  i mean senapssill . 
  you 're telling me there 's a difference between belgians and reserve belgians ? 
  to be fair , i like swedish herring better but the dutch kind ai n't bad either . 
  germans . 
  no one mentioned belgians yet . 
  half of the netherlands was . 
  the food here was one of the reasons i moved to the netherlands , not kidding . 
  fantastic cheese for pretty cheap , stroopwafels , poffertjes , oliebollen , bitterballen , frites , vla , cheap coffee ... 
  we 're talking about alcohol , not other drugs . 
  how about lakes ? 
  if they have n't learned by that time , they 're no longer criminals but mentally sick . 
  they can be confined in a mental institution where they rightfully belong . 
  here we witness a finn in its natural habitat , attempting to drown oneself . 
  that would be kontula . 
  myllypuro ( nicknamed pyllymuro which means ass cereal in english ) , jakom\u00e4ki , and vuosaari come close . 
  is it really ? 
  so far that she 's literally demanding that russia give them money . 
  lmao , mytchi and mj\u00f6ltchi are both understandable in finland swedish . 
  exactly . 
  it would have been a shame if all the precious guilders had been wasted on nothing . 
  because import tariffs , border checks , having to exchange currency every time you go farther than 50 km , visas , and having nearly 30 small states fighting for their own rights instead of appearing as one big block only rivaled by the us are not bureaucratic but gloriously virtuous instead . 
  incredibly pro-russia . 
  makes even trump look like reagan . 
  we should never allow long-term investments in russia . 
  reap all the short-term profit you want but never trust the relationship to be stable . 
  this happens every 15 to 20 years . 
  it 's incredible that we still have n't learned . 
  russian fighter jets and other military aircraft enter baltic and finnish airspaces with their transponders off on a regular basis . 
  this is not only a severe offense against territorial integrity but also a serious threat to the safety of civilian aviation . 
  according to a majority of un member states , no , it 's not . 
  the conflict is just as frozen again . 
  we 're actually just inches away from war between the us and russia in syria .
