  ayn rand , is that you ? 
  what ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  is it ? 
  at least it should be . 
  [ i got that far by myself . 
  ] ( http://www.chicagopeaceandjustice.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/but-what-does-it-mean.jpg ), 
  could you or anybody at all give a * rough * translation of it in english ? 
  i understand that it has a dative thrown in even though cases are practically dead in dutch . 
  i 'm generally good at languages ( especially germanic ones ) but i just ca n't dissect it at all . 
  just do n't vote wrong . 
  we did and the media still does n't shut up about the elections , but to be fair , it has been a big fucking farce . 
  illegally as in getting paid off the books or ? 
  yeah , i figured it out that far . 
  i just still do n't understand what any of it means . 
  it 's all a string of words in a nonsensical order to me . 
  i 'm still struggling to read this . 
  what is this ? 
  everything else in restaurants is pretty cheap though . 
  i got a shitton of poffertjes in delft for a very reasonable price , but do n't you fucking charge me 2.50 for 200 ml of spa rood you smerige kankerhoer . 
  damn , it still pisses me off . 
  i just came from the netherlands and everything is really cheap there . 
  just remember to not order anything to drink in restaurants . 
  you guys have a weird fetish for 200 ml glass bottles you charge an arm and a leg for . 
  no 330 ml cans or 500 ml plastic bottles anywhere in sight . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  it was butter . 
  a good chunk of butter . 
  also 450 grams of chicken costs around 4.50-5 .00 here . 
  in finland it 's at least 7.00 . 
  maybe confine them to a specific day . 
  call it migration monday or white pride wednesday . 
  i do n't know , probably a dumb idea . 
  growing quite sick of the racism on here though . 
  more like everything that cost 49.99 will cost just 49.95 . 
  you actually lower most prices for the customer . 
  3 cent coins ? 
  we do n't . 
  wish we had aldi . 
  i did n't even know things could cost just 0.09 euros . 
  russia should n't be a country . 
  you know you 've argued yourself into a corner when you say stuff like `` cubans and americans share the same culture . '', 
  you might want to ask a person from miami how the integration is going . 
  antarctica is more asian than madagascar !!!, 
   people ca n't simply jump on a rubber boat in africa and land on florida . 
  exactly . 
  but cubans can . 
  i just biked from the hague to delft . 
  close enough . 
  makes me proud too . 
  i 'm traveling at the moment , and i got the biggest euroboner by thinking about how germans just shut up and take my money . 
  same here in holland . 
  finland is such a huge super power because all these bigger countries have to accept our currency . 
  ` murica . 
  a constitution that 's written in danish . 
  that 's great . 
  i think the same way . 
  adults should be able to do what they want as long as they do n't hurt anyone else . 
  they 're adults after all . 
  first country to legalize gay marriage , there 's euthanasia , crazy good bike infrastructure , lifesaving drug policies ( not just concerning cannabis ) , and sensible immigration policy ( neither full on geert wilders nor all out sweden ) . 
  i might be forgetting something , but that should get my point across . 
  just make public transport free and get basic income , and i 'll never leave . 
  why ? 
  deutsche bahn was absolutely awful and you guys blew them out of the water ( assuming you 're dutch despite the flair ) . 
  there was even wifi in de trein . 
  dutch progressive attitudes regarding fucking everything . 
  stupid sexy ~ ~ flanders ~ ~ holland . 
  the train from venlo to den haag hs was pretty fucking smooth yesterday , if that 's what you 're hinting at . 
  - norwegian nature - good bike , road , and train infrastructure pick one . 
  bikes are n't a dutch invention , and everyone eats pizza every month no matter what the country . 
  there is no `` pure '' culture in europe nor has there ever been . 
  i do n't know . 
  i keep hearing complaints about estonian construction workers constantly stealing shit . 
  i have no personal experience that would confirm the problem though . 
  how much do you pay for tickets each month ? 
  so you travel across the bridge every workday ? 
  also , there should be more letters , if anything . 
  there are more letters in the alphabet than the are single digits , resulting in more unique combinations . 
  well , since there is no one legitimate claiming ownership of them ... 
  so saying `` we 've had enough of your people , i say no more , and you should leave too , i do n't care if you 've lived here all your life '' helps ? 
  nay , it 's extremely counterproductive . 
  nothing 's more destructive to integration than saying `` you folks are n't welcome here . '', 
  \\ ^ this . 
  if germany plays its cards right , the country does n't have to give up its wealth when the old generations die . 
  old people wo n't take their money with them when they end up pushing daisies ; it 's their children and grandchildren who inherit it . 
  the same wealth that was once shared by 82 million people will be later on shared by 65 million . 
  `` stadi '' does have decent public transport , especially if you 're going to or from downtown . 
  stockholm 's is better though , even though arlanda express is a cancer that must be killed . 
  30 euros one way , are you kidding me ?!, 
  i like how painless and quiet helsinki is but i 've just grown bored of it . 
  as someone who does n't care for nepalese or thai food or kebab and absolutely loved authentic korean and mexican cuisine , i 'm always thrilled to go abroad . 
  life is good in helsinki but it 's a small town in the disguise of a major city , and i 've explored all of it already . 
  i 'm from helsinki and i feel awful for all the tourists who come to helsinki . 
  it 's so damn boring . 
  but i 'm glad you had fun . 
  it reminds me of the center party in finland . 
  you 're counting * waaayyy * too much on the union 's friendliness and generosity . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  the swedish parties just have the same names as the finnish ones . 
  kinda funny how a party named venstre is actually a right wing party .
