  is has many muslims from all sorts of backgrounds , so it 's a muslim flag and not an arab flag . 
  but then again , not all muslims support isis , so it does n't represent all muslims . 
  9/11 victims out of the us population : 0.00099 % swedish victims out of sweden 's then 8.8 million people : 0.0057 % in other words , m/s estonia was , relatively speaking , six times as big of a catastrophe than what 9/11 was to the us . 
  them bastards !, 
  interesting to see that southern finland has the same potential as benelux and germany . 
  i had always thought solar panels were highly inefficient here , but i guess i was wrong . 
  great news . 
  dude , we 're losing to fucking slovenia !, 
  no offense to slovenia , but losing to slovenia is pretty painful . 
  wait , what radio signal ? 
  i 'm intrigued . 
  well i 'll be damned . 
  i seriously thought it was a name solsidan came up with . 
  you swedes are crazy . 
  why not love ? 
  [ what a shame . 
  ] ( http://reactiongifs.me/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/crying-money-woody-harrelson-zombieland.gif ), 
  i 'll blow your mind now : some places in the us have drive-through liquor stores . 
  oh shit , russian ove . 
  yup . 
  can confirm , been there , done that . 
  crazy shit . 
  one kid thought finland was in northern canada , but other than that , i did n't face any weird assumptions during my exchange in the us . 
  i must have been the only one . 
  last time i was in croatia , i was up on the hills right outside of hvar , and i could hear the whole town scream in joy whenever someone scored against djokovic . 
  it was surreal . 
  you 're forgetting the [ most important one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4whjqqud3u ) . 
  they did n't dare to come here . 
  everybody knows we haul ass . 
  you move to america , but soviet russia moves to you . 
  not op , but to be fair , they 're a bunch of pussies . 
  all by itself , `` dem gott '' means `` to the god , '' ( that 's how dative works ) but i inserted a german phrase into english , and thus english grammar should be used . 
  if you were to express the same thing in german , i believe you 're supposed to say '' \u00fcber die stimme des gottes '' which is first accusative and then genetive . 
  the only gay in the village . 
   ardent shunner of minge spoken like a true brit . 
  do n't you dare dub over der gott 's heavenly voice . 
  they 're very vocal about how the government is screwing things up but the party never comes up with its own suggestions . 
  eh , i 'm pretty happy . 
  considering what parties could have been in the government , this arrangement is pretty satisfactory . 
  if they could throw out the christian democrats ( aka homophobe , let 's - ban-everything-think-of-the-children party ) , i 'd be even happier . 
  here 's clip of when he 's told his interview did n't make the broadcast . 
  i think this is actually a clip of him reacting to an opposition member making at least some sense for once . 
  i 'd be just as surprised too . 
  edit : never mind , just looked up what this was all about . 
  it was a reaction to an opposition member , yes , but he was going full retard and unusually much so . 
  that 's of course implying their dialects can be counted as swedish . 
  ^ ( ^ looking ^ at ^ you , ^ n\u00e4rpes . ), 
  they lived in brussels when alex was a mep , so i 'm guessing the kids speak some french too . 
  i 've met his kids too and they speak english with each other , but i never got a chance to actually speak with them to confirm my theories . 
  if scandinavians are triplets and finland is their younger sibling , then germany is that cool 30-something single dude from across the street who lets us play with all of his gadgets . 
  he 's good at all things eu-related but he has n't really shown his cards in national politics . 
  but yeah , i 've had the honor of meeting him extremely briefly , and he seems nice outside of work too . 
  it 's just a little funny that his kids do n't speak finnish . 
  not that i have anything against that , it 's just a little funny to think about . 
  not having to speak english in sweden is awesome but it totally kills the feeling of being on vacation . 
  also everything looks pretty much the same but with a very slight swedish twist . 
  damn it , finland truly is east sweden . 
  right back at ya , kompis . 
  is that green navel thing tomatoes have poisonous as well ? 
  that does n't look half that bad . 
  c'mon , this is / r/europe , not the fcc . 
  a small warning is more than enough . 
  you guys might have an unfortunate history with that famine and all , but you did luck out on geography . 
  too bad we did n't . 
  can confirm . 
  seattle 's in the orange area . 
  the green spot is roughly were forks , wa , is . 
  yes , * that * town ... 
  source : lived in seatown, 
  i 'm having a hard time believing that , you might want to source up . 
  i can tell a russian from miles away just based on their facial features . 
  to be honest , this crisis has really led me to start liking poland . 
  in swedish ( at least the variant spoken in finland ) , '' \u00e5 '' does mean river . 
  `` fors , '' `` b\u00e4ck , '' and `` str\u00f6m '' would be closer to stream in english . 
  except it 's not an a , but a letter of its own . 
  what the ... 
  i feel so old now . 
  ' 95ers serving in wars . 
  jeez . 
  i though western apples were banned in the glorious motherland ^ tm . 
  no , more like the western gay nazi zombie disease . 
  they turn into degenerates who kill themselves through repressed traditional family values . 
  yeah , so bad it tears bleeding holes in their bodies . 
  good thing you believe and do n't claim to know . 
  finns seems to be a mix of native peoples to the nordic and baltic countries , while there is slightly more continental genetic heritage in the southern and western parts of the country , which tend to overlap with some parts of sweden . 
  because proto-finns were hunter gatherers and were thus a linguistic tabula rasa , they started adopting languages from their surroundings . 
  as the sea levels rose and farming found its way to finland , the coastal areas adopted norse from their viking contacts ( which developed into various dialects of swedish ) and those farther inland adopted finnic dialects from relatively small tribes wandering from the east . 
  source : http://sydaby.eget.net/swe/jp_finns.htm edit : forgot to mention that isolation and a somewhat polarized small group of ancestors can explain why finns seem to be such a genetic outlier . 
  * people * live farther north . 
  what 's this russia you speak of ? 
  never heard of such . 
  there is only mother ukraine . 
  assimilation difficulties . 
  11l/year is 0.21 l/week . 
  i just ate a cup of ice cream at lunch today , can be possible . 
  compare that to buildings with similar architecture in [ helsinki . 
  ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/34497691.jpg ), 
  that was june . 
  it 's august now . 
  also , fuck \u0161 and \u017e .
