  finnish has very similar pronunciation to icelandic and italian . 
  an icelander trying to speak danish is almost perfect finland swedish . 
  caribbeans replace a lot of their r 's with l 's . 
  it sounds fucking weird . 
  so yeah , for those who do n't know , mainila is an incident where the soviets bombed their own town , blamed it on the finns , and used it as an excuse to attack finland . 
  russia actually admitted it quite recently . 
  the fact that no one else did . 
  am in the navy . 
  can confirm . 
  it 's impossible . 
  tortillat avataan ? 
  so much this . 
  once you get used to the sound , it just sounds so fucking amazing . 
  i find it crazy that * dag * is pronounced `` day '' but * daglig * is `` dowly '' instead of `` daily . '', 
  i 'll let you feel a soft d in your mouth : http://youtu.be/ktrux2j9o7s it 's a bit like a th sound but it does n't reach all the way there and remains an i-like vowel . 
  but fazha !, 
  i 'm from holland . 
  ish n't it veird ? 
  helsinki is [ expensive . 
  bike down to delft while you 're there . 
  i did so when i was in the hague back in june . 
  you wo n't believe places like that exist . 
  southern finland is green from mid-april to mid-october . 
  all other months , it 's depressing . 
  we hardly even get any snow . 
  rk 62 , mind you . 
  the same chick again : http://youtu.be/qeuztfwxvqe, 
  as said above , espoo and vantaa are n't actual cities but mere collections of suburbs of helsinki with separate municipal councils . 
  til cell phones grow on trees . 
  the choice is between reddit and suomi24 . 
  it 's not particularly difficult to say which one is way better . 
  hmm , that 's probably true . 
  i have n't really seen personnel leaving the brigade in anything other than civilian clothing . 
  can * not * confirm for finland . 
  we have separate leave uniforms and their use is mandatory . 
  that 's awful . 
  if i had someone close to me down there , i 'd like to have the ceremony they deserve and not have them rot under the sea . 
  just shoot the upper part of the panel . 
  this is a severe design flaw in my book . 
  and that 's 1.2 million russians . 
  there is nothing finnish left in karelia . 
  it would simply be our donbass . 
  lmao . 
  the uae is above denmark . 
  yup . 
  let 's assume that one in two danes drink wine . 
  that makes over 80 liters of wine per wine drinker in a year . 
  that 's two .75 l bottles a week . 
  rickety-rickety wrecked , son !, 
  whoa . 
  the fact that san marino is farther west than the holy see is absolutely blowing my mind . 
  also colorado has become quite relevant recently . 
  everyone knows it for south park and , uhhh ... skiing . 
  skiing , that 's right . 
  tortillat avataan . 
  the end made me very proud . 
  another interesting thing to note about the layout is that the eu flag is the shape of ukraine without crimea . 
  ** little * forget-me-not . 
  this looks like the dutchest apocalypse film : brick roads , bikes , and tall people . 
  spanish - dad italian - t\u00e0 french - t\u00e9 romanian - tate english - ty german - t\u00e4t swedish - tet finnish - teetti, 
  you mean * ettette te, 
  a lot of success understanding the hague dialect ? 
  is houten wood ? 
  yeah , in writing is what i implied but forgot to specify . 
  i 've been planning on moving to the hague next year . 
  i 'm sure a ton of people started incorporating danish into their spoken language . 
  at least the oslo dialect is so close that it just can not be that way by accident . 
  `` aah , make it dead . '', 
  `` quickly , everyone in a little line on the ground . '', 
  you guys seriously call this a language of its own ? 
  it 's literally just bits and pieces of english , german , and scandinavian stuffed together . 
  dutch , you easy . 
  [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/66bjrodcfm4 ) is my personal favorite . 
  below sea level . 
  i 'm sure an eu army would only act in self-defense , too . 
  no one . 
  they come by bike , obviously . 
  same works for dr. oetker . 
  funnily enough , l\u00f8rdagspizza is actually called pizzaperjantai ( pizza friday ) in finland . 
  thanks grandiosa and your oddly catchy old commercials . 
  edit : [ nostalgia ] ( http://youtu.be/mo9xpkmqawe ), 
  under danish rule , large parts of norway started speaking danish but with norwegian pronunciation and the west held on to their own language . 
  the norwegians started reforming danish spelling and that turned into bokm\u00e5l ( bokm\u00e5l and danish still take an expert to tell apart , though ) . 
  the west thought bokm\u00e5l was too danish , so they went ahead and transcribed their dialects into a written standard , and claimed it was more norwegian , but that 's up to debate . 
  an interesting curiosity is bergensk , the dialect in the biggest town in western norway , bergen , which in its spoken form resembles more nynorsk but the residents there still stick to bokm\u00e5l in writing . 
  it 's important to note that norway has rather large dialectal differences , so what constitutes a bokm\u00e5l dialect or a nynorsk one is rather hazy , and people writing informally ( texts , chats ) tends to be in the local dialect rather than in one of the two literary standards . 
  the same applies to finnish dialects and the highly artificial standard finnish , but that 's a chapter of its own . 
  all of our weekdays are borrowed from germanic . 
  even keskiviikko is a direct translation of the german mittwoch , and the rest are old norse . 
  i 'm from helsinki , and i travel to stockholm and copenhagen every now and then , and i 've never had a single problem with immigration . 
  american , please do teach us about our own countries and daily lives . 
  even i know this . 
  that 's torne\u00e5 to you . 
  actually salmari , but close enough . 
  we 'll just split it 50-50 . 
  or we just do n't bother , it 's not as if we have strict border controls . 
  huh , that * is * interesting . 
  it 's only about 22 km between norrgadden , sweden , and storsk\u00e4r , finland . 
  only a little more than gibraltar or the gap between kastrup and malm\u00f6 . 
  i sea what you did there .
