are there any polls out showing what a m\u00e9lenchon-lepen second round would look like ? 
  i really liked that game , but i think kotor ii with the restored content mod is superior . 
  i 'm not saying he is , but i would still prefer if they could solve it without throwing threats at each other . 
  i have read somewhere that his cancer was stagr 4 , and even though it disappeared for now , it will probably reappear . 
  i still hope he can beat the odds and live for many more years . 
  i too would prefer if nuclear weapons were never used again . 
  however , if kim and trump keep trying to show of their big dicks by threats , one of them could push the button . 
  more like degaulle told them to fuck off . 
  if your arguement is that they commit more crimes because their skin happens to be black , then yes , it is hate-speech . 
  however , if you explain that there are complex socio-economic reasons behind this , which must be looked into more thoroughly , then i do n't see a lot of problems with that . 
  he is n't campaigning for `` free speech '' , since it pretty much already exists . 
  you can say pretty much whatever you want and you wo n't go to prison for it . 
  this is just an attack on antifa , who are often shown as enemies of free speech . 
  i guess for him free speech means they ca n't disagree with him . 
  no , mostly words referring to nomadic lifestyle , which is also a proof of the finno-ugric origin of hungarians , since they refer to a more advanced way of life . 
  we started migrating earlier , we only arrived at the carpathian basin in 895 . 
  we lived alongside other tribes on the way here , mostly turkic ones , that 's why we have a lot of words with turkic origins . 
  but ... we are finno-ugric as well :(, 
  that 's neet . 
  i do n't have a problem with shakira , some of her songs are alright , and waka waka was one of the better world cup songs i remember . 
  france and germany seem fine though . 
  i bet it 's a western european conspiracy where they get nice weather by pushing the hot air towards eastern europe . 
  rewriting the electoral law and gerrymandering districts definitely helped increase their majority though . 
  and with the state madia turned into propaganda machines , i would be surprised if they ever went below 30 % support . 
  at least he condemned it . 
  let 's bring in some siberians or eskimos , it 's worth a shot . 
  antifa does n't even represent socialist values , they are just edgy teens who treat their ideology as a religion . 
  too bad that most of the socialist subreddits are also like this . 
  maybe the soap is for former us vice president joe biden . 
  hollande 's approval was below 20 % for a long time , so i have to call bullshit on this one . 
  maybe they are just incompetent or ignorant . 
  there 's no need to assume malice behind every action . 
  maybe he is just planning a vacation into ukraine . 
  but i thought we were going to stop brussels ? 
  i voted for lukashenko , at least he is a proper dictator and not just a wannabe . 
  `` help me , i feel victimised !, 
  they are opressing me ! '', 
  ugh , this online board where the admins decided to remove a post is literally like one of the most brutal dictatorships the world has ever seen . 
  it 's actually ctrl-left . 
  yeah , but i think it would be pretty hard to beat the hungarian jagiellonians in terms of incompetence . 
  vladislav the i. ruled for 4 years , and when the hungarian army was winning the battle against the ottomans at varna , rushed in and got killed just at the right time for the turks to turn the tides . 
  vladislav ii was absolutely powerless , and we call him vladislaus dobze because he always did what the nobles wanted . 
  his son , louis ii also managed to lose a huge battle against the ottomans at moh\u00e1cs , and conveniently died while retreating , thus allowing the kingdom of hungary to be split up . 
  too bad the jagiellonian kings of hungary sucked so hard . 
  great , now i have georgia on my mind . 
  horse meat in itself would n't be a problem , since it 's actually healthier than beef , but it appears that in this case there were problems with its quality . 
  labour should run on a pro-wank platform next election , that would definitely win them a few votes . 
  proof that hungarians and romanians always do the opposite . 
  it does n't necessarily mean external immigration , for example , there are a lot of eastern european people who go work in richer eu countries , and later get married and live their lives there . 
  i tought every political group in poland hated russia ? 
  he looks like an older irish version of danny devito . 
  when did this even become controversial ? 
  if you sit on public transport , you do n't occupy more than one seat . 
  just because some tumblr echo-chambers decided to target it does n't make it okay . 
  it would be more accurate if it said `` the german soldier fights for you , until the end of the war because after that we are going to genocide your asses . '', 
  i have an even better idea , we should create a flag to symbolise all of the political parties , and put it inside the parliament . 
  you could call it the rainbow flag , i bet it would look fabulous . 
  it 's almost like countries political climates change over time . 
  when we joined the eu , we actually had a socialist government , but almost every political party supported it at the time . 
  yeah , that would also make politics more fun . 
  saying far-right just does n't have the same ring to it as violet . 
  that is not really a good example , since it happened at g20 and involves merkel , and the most important part is , it 's just a joke , do n't take everything so seriously , i thought people over at the donald knew that . 
  to the best of my knowledge , the trump posts that do appear on r/europe are not of that nature , and if you find them , you could just report them to the moderators and do everyone a favor . 
  i 'm pretty sure countries like estonia , or latvia care very much , since they have some bad memories of a certain neighbour invading them , and seeing the strongest member of your military alliance warm up to that neighbour is a good reason to worry . 
  except for the fact that he is the commander in chief of the strongest military force in the nato , which plenty of european countries are also members of . 
  i think this just shows how bad a reputation td has . 
  great , so we have a firm right-wing party ( fidesz ) , a far-right-lite party in jobbik , and now an even-further-to-the-right party . 
  they are pretty lucky that the so-called leftist parties are so damn incapable . 
  it 's the same thing as hitler , who was a socialist . 
  national socialist , it 's in the name . 
  anti fascist , also in the name . 
  definitely worth the almost 10 million $ spent on it . 
  looks magnificent as well . 
  yeah , back around 1989-90 , when fidesz was formed by a couple of college students ( the mame originally meant alliance of young democrats ) , they were by far the most liberal of all parties , and soros donated them quite some money to help them get started . 
  later , he helped orban get into an university abroad as well . 
  i 'm pretty sure soros does n't really give a shit . 
  he is one of the richest men in the world , and one of the guys he helped get into politics is now using him as a figure they can unleash their hate on . 
  to be fair , he was not a skinhead , but the vice-president of jobbik , the largest far-right party in hungary , as well as a mep from 2009 to 2014 . 
  maybe he will pull a louis napol\u00e9on and crown himself king in 4 years . 
  incoming : `` omg , germany is literally like 1984 , but worse . '', 
  one of those is not like the others . 
  whoever wrote this must have really hated hungarians . 
  top 10 anime betrayals . 
   i thought that was what isis was for ? 
  yet for some reason we have our billboards full of stuff like `` let 's stop brussels ! '', 
  rather than `` let 's stop isis '' . 
  i think it 's mostly because brussels is easier to demonize as people who want to send millions of migrants to hungary , while isis does n't really affect the daily lives of hungarians . 
  i would n't say that our government hates the eu , it 's more like an external enemy they can rally the populace against . 
  they would never even dream of leaving the eu , especially since the population is pro-eu by large . 
  the difference is that choose to go online and read whatever i want from foreign sources . 
  meanwhile , the government is putting up its propaganda on billboards all over the country . 
  hell , in my town of around 30 000 there are at least 3-4 of them , and there are much more of them in the more populous areas . 
  thankfully , the law will get rid of all the nasty foreign influence i feel in my daily life , trying to change my opinion on matters like immigration . 
  oh wait , that 's actually what the government is doing . 
  it 's only a titular empire , but if it stays together long enough it will shift into de jure . 
  if you say that the average hungarian can speak as many languages as the average british , then it does n't sound so bad . 
  dementia is a hell of an illness . 
  the 20th century has been really tough on hungary , so it 's pretty hard to find a `` best year '' . 
  if we look at upsides , i would say that 1918 was pretty good , since we finally became independent from austria , though the following years were a race to the bottom with the red and white terrors and the treaty of trianon . 
  great , they seem to react well to the national consultation i sent in , which i drew full with dicks .
