  it \u00b4 s / r/europe where the european idea lives and not some shady / r/worldnews . 
   ukraine 's leaders believe russia is preparing a broad attack on their country , european commission president jean-claude juncker said tuesday as he returned from a summit in kiev that coincided with fresh violence in ukraine 's east . 
   in an interview with a small group of reporters on his flight back from the ukrainian capital , mr. juncker said he had advised the country 's president petro poroshenko to ease tensions by avoiding comments on a possible bid to join the north atlantic treaty organization . 
  his advice , he acknowledged , received short shrift . 
   mr. juncker said he had no specific information that backed up kiev 's concerns and cautioned against allowing `` self-fulfilling prophecies '' to take hold . 
   in the last couple of days , the organization for security and cooperation in europe has warned of an uptick in violence in eastern ukraine , where a feb. 12 cease-fire , signed in the belarus city of minsk , was supposed to bring fighting with pro-russian separatists to an end . 
   the osce said late sunday the heaviest shelling in months had taken place in a town on the outskirts of government-held mariupol . 
  in a report tuesday , the group cited heavy fighting around donetsk airport . 
  the u.s. state department warned last week of a russian arms buildup in and around eastern ukraine . 
  moscow denies it is actively supporting or arming the rebels . 
   mr. juncker said that mr. poroshenko and his colleagues had expressed real fears on monday about russia 's next steps . 
   `` but they were explaining in the more private meetings we had , they are highly alerted about russia -- more alerted than i thought they would be , '' he said . 
  `` because they are considering that russia is preparing a broad attack on the ukrainian territory . ''  mr. juncker , who became commission chief on nov. 1 , held long private talks with mr. poroshenko and prime minister arseniy yatsenyuk on monday evening following the summit . 
   mr. juncker said fears about russia 's intentions seemed to be fueling kiev 's insistence on some kind of international peacekeeping mission for eastern ukraine . 
  mr. juncker and european council president donald tusk said monday they would send a team to ukraine to consider options for a new eu mission . 
   they effectively ruled out an eu peacekeeping deployment , however , saying any operation must be purely civilian . 
  the minsk deal handed the osce the primary monitoring role . 
   mr. juncker said he did , however , advise mr. poroshenko not to talk publicly about ukraine 's nato aspirations . 
  when ukraine 's parliament dropped a nonaligned law in december , russian prime minister dmitry medvedev warned of `` negative consequences , '' saying a nato bid would make ukraine a military opponent . 
  privately , western officials say ukraine has no near-term prospects of winning membership . 
   `` they saw my point , but they did n't share my point of view , '' mr. juncker said of his counterparts . 
   while ukraine also used the summit to push for progress on discussions with the eu over visa-free access and an eventual path to joining the eu , mr. juncker and his colleagues focused on prodding kiev 's domestic overhaul efforts . 
   in a speech tuesday , mr. juncker said the eu was offering ukraine a basic contract : `` you keep reforming and we 'll keep supporting . ''  the eu has offered ukraine some $ 3.4 billion ( $ 3.7 billion ) in balance of payments support since early 2014 , with around half of that money already disbursed . 
  it says ukraine could win loans and grants worth $ 11 billion over time . 
   some eu member states have openly criticized eu sanctions on russia , and senior diplomats have warned of damage to the relationship if kiev fails to implement its side of the minsk deal . 
  but mr. juncker said the eu 's 28 members are n't `` losing patience '' with kiev . 
   `` from time to time , we have to draw attention to the obvious need we do see to have huge reforms inside ukraine , '' he said . 
   mr. juncker praised what he called the growing partnership between mr. poroshenko and mr. yatsenyuk , whose political rivalry has at times threatened to stall ukraine 's domestic agenda . 
   both are `` heavily engaged '' in efforts to liberalize the economy , crack down on corruption and bolster the judiciary , he said . 
   `` this government is in office for four months and a half and a lot has been done . 
  but more has to be delivered . 
  but my impression is that they are doing the right things , '' the commission chief said . 
   in recent months , france and germany have been the principal european voices in the ukraine crisis while in brussels there have been dissonant views . 
  mr. tusk , a former polish prime minister , has taken a hard line on russia while eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini is widely seen as supporting closer dialogue with moscow . 
   mr. juncker , who quit as luxembourg 's premier in 2013 after almost two decades , has spoken in the past of using a relationship he forged with vladimir putin over years to help ease tensions . 
   the commission chief said he believes he still has a good relationship with mr. putin but declined to comment on whether they still speak . 
  he said only that he is n't stepping on the toes of his european colleagues . 
   `` we are playing our part in that difficult context , but without shadowing the role of others , '' he said . 
  i don ` t even know who javier de la rosa is , nor was something in the news about it . 
  looks like a hord of nazi pegida ossis downvote brigade passed here, 
  sure , but that was not the question i had . 
  or does this poster mean stop nazi and islamism ? 
  then it would make sense . 
  but i never heard from a nazi islamism . 
  yes this whole pegida thing is really a shame for the city and the whole region , if not whole germany . 
  right , the stupid bridge ruins the whole scene : /, 
  we had the same in our university . 
  3 floors high for about over 150 students , they build it next to the student home and it should be for a short period of time . 
  in the end it was standing there for over 4 years ... winter was fucked up ... 
  what is nazi islamism ? 
  i think these guys who made the poster have been to long in / r/worldnews ... 
  since when is a sauna nsfw content in / r/europe ? 
  i hope we don \u00b4 t slowly get american conditions here xd, 
  they thought that 30.000 people would come to dresden , in the end it was about 10.000 , a article in `` der spiegel '' said . 
  i think it was much less , and that is good so , here is a picture . 
  oettinger ... uhm ... also called `` pennerbier '' in germany what translates to bum bier . 
  it costs 25 -75 cents per liter i guess that \u00b4 s why it \u00b4 s the most drunken bier in germany apperently to wikipedia with a 7 % market share . 
  or bums just drink more and that \u00b4 s why ... 
  i just can say that i don \u00b4 t know anybody who drinks oettinger . 
  it not really tastes good . 
   the juncker will sail under an eu flag , but will be registered in panama for tax purposes . 
  lol, 
  if you visit the wrong restaurants the food could be bad everywhere , i wouldn \u00b4 t generalize it so much . 
  education should be for free everywhere on this planet . 
  i never heard something negativ . 
  i never heard somehing positiv . 
  and i never talked too or seen one . 
  but i guess there nice people because i asume that to everybody until i am proven different . 
   10:38 : despite the deafening noises , lubitz 's breathing can cleary be heard through an oxygen mask he put on . 
  he is breathing normally . 
  the plane is at 13000 feet ( 4000 meters ) . 
  uhm . . why does he has his oxygen mask on ? 
  so something else could be wrong right ? 
  but they will track you through super-cookies too . 
  so you need to delete them constantly . 
  betterprivacy does this job quite well for firefox . 
  serbia doing it right . 
  why in hell do you post an article that nobody can read if you not suscribe ? 
  christoph waltz, 
  it is about showing respect and condolence for the people who lost there loved ones in this tragic way . 
  that the whole country stands besides them . 
  if you never experieced a tragic loss you will not now what that means for the bereaved . 
  he has got a crowdfunding site where you can help him with his lawsuit . 
   `` the german \u00dcbermacht '' - why this title ? 
   03/21/2015 | from spiegel editor in chief klaus brinkb\u00e4umer  the new spiegel cover is sharp and striking . 
  but misleading ? 
  no , it just can be misunderstood by someone who wants to misunderstand it . 
   `` s\u00fcddeutsche.de '' would obviously like to misunderstand and writes : `` spiegel merkel is on a par with nazis . '', 
   our cover story explores and explains why the past does not pass , and why in the euro debate and the debate about germany 's leadership role in the nazi era is back on the topic . 
  the authors have researched in greece , italy and the uk , in brussels and berlin , why just now quarreled again legally already clarified reparations . 
   and the captions say that it is about the european view on germany . 
  angela merkel has been cut and pasted with adhesive so , deliberately clumsy so the cover is reminiscent of the cartoons showing the chancellor with hitler mustache . 
  we quote , irony and alienate a look from the outside and the mixing of german history with german and european presence . 
  yes shure , it depends what you have and how long you stay in the hospital . 
  the article says it starts from 30.000 nok that \u00b4 s about 3000 $ . 
  do you know how much a birth would cost in norway ? 
  massive yes , like in every european country , but not $ 1 million that \u00b4 s insane for euopean mesures . 
  i read that in germany a normal birth would cost about 1600 - 2600 $ without insurance . 
  mostly , the hospitals would treat it as emergency and you wouldn \u00b4 t have to pay anything . 
  but that is for germany .
