  this organization is however not representative for the whole turkish community . 
  in germany there are also many kurds and secular turkish people that have nothing to do with the akp . 
  and also many people that associated with g\u00fclen . 
  wow ... it took you so long to come up with so little ... 
  but that is my main issue with him . 
  he never seems to think things through . 
  he discusses everything on a theoretical/academical level with complete disregard for reality . 
  there is a good reason he failed in politics , and it is not because others did n't like him or anything , but because he himself is incompatible . 
  so the solution is dumping people in the water ? 
  like mass murder , right ? 
  cause no country will allow italian ships to enter their harbours if they want to drop of refugees . 
  or maybe an alternative : war . 
  better , right ? 
  he directly adressed the issue of international law and treaties and your response was basically `` who cares , just do it '' . 
  this is not third-world country territory you know . 
  quite frankly , you just did what he talked about in his last paragraph , so i do n't see how your response deserved any further acknowledgment . 
  you did n't read what he wrote , right ? 
  that changes things significantly . 
  many german words came to sweden during the hanse period , so that might be the connection . 
  it seems derived from the german word `` schornstein '' . 
  did you read his plan ? 
  it violates so many rules that greece basically forces itself out of it . 
  thinking it would be in any way acceptable for the eurozone is crazy . 
  well if that is the core of the issue , then the eurozone policy seems the only viable option . 
  applying pressure to the point , that the gerontocracy crumbles . 
  and it makes the varoufakis idea , or any idea of leaving the eurozone , completely idiotic , as the structural problems are unsolvable without this pressure , meanwhile the support given by the eu would disappear . 
  the result would be devastating to a point unimaginable . 
  and maybe that also explains the complete change in direction by tsirpas once he saw the numbers and started seeing the full picture . 
  so , the question then is , why does the youth not protest against this ? 
  not true . 
  it is just as important as the other parts . 
  freedom of movements relieves pressure on individual economies within the free market zone , as it helps negotiate unequal developments and resulting needs in the labor markets . 
  the uk for instance desperately needed immigration into their labor market in order to grow , while eastern european countries needed time to develop their industries and their own labor market . 
  without freedom of movement every nation has to deal with unemployment and under-employment on their own , including the resulting stresses on their economies and fiscal situations . 
  as a result , every economy has to take protective measures ; making the common free market disappear . 
  lol the reddit-nuclear power fascination is sometimes really funny . 
  bringing arguments that can easily be turned the other way is not really useful i think . 
  nuclear power is not as reliable as you make it seem . 
  incidents happen all the time and maintainance work makes it necessary for them to be shut down from time to time . 
  and the growing ability to produce power locally , as well as improvements on the grid lessen the necessity for energy storage somewhat . 
  unless of course you are a corporate chill that absolutely needs everything to be centralised and also in private hands . 
  waaaaaayyyyyyyy more countries are suited for renewable energy than for nuclear energy . 
  geological and politcal safety has to be a given for it to be scalable . 
  renewable energy has also increased the ability of countries to be energy independent , especially in less developed nations . 
  your projections on renewables seem oddly negative , as if there had n't been imense improvements over the last decades and there would n't be an incredible amount of unused space and resources in this sector . 
  your projections regarding climate and food producitons also seem to be from science fiction novels , rather than actual reality . 
  again , unused space exists plenty , both for food and for energy production . 
  food crisis only exist for political reasons ; they are not related to the ability of our planet to produce food . 
  i wrote a paper on it in university ... not sure if i can find it though ... what everyone should consider when thinkig about any of these current `` equality '' movements , is who these people are , from which socio-economic group they come from and what their goals are . 
  they never ( or rarely ) talk about issues of working class people ; which is why i consider them neoliberals in general . 
  and the same goes for the original women-movements , which were often upper class women , fighting for upper-class ideals . 
  oh do they ? 
  does n't seem to work right ? 
  btw , the criticism started with an iranian feminist . 
  and yes , modern feminism sucks . 
  source : come from an old-school feminist houshold, 
  but not every politician aligns him/herself with a specific ideology in such a way . 
  and as i said , do n't do it just days after showcasing your `` feminism '' . 
  its one of many critical aspects of feminism ; if there is something to gain , either financially or in terms of publicity , the showing is strong , but the moment it is more difficult and you might lose something you see most career-feminists duck as low as possible . 
  it just looks stupid with the proxmity or their latest big headline proclaiming themselves as huge feminist progessives . 
  you ca n't be all principle one day , and all compromise the other without making yourself look an idiot . 
  then fuck that law . 
  there are stories all the time of women being persecuted in iran for not complying with those stupid laws , so if you call yourself a feminsit you better send a different message than this . 
  19th century , long long time ago . 
  my take on feminism is anyway that it is to a great degree a movement of upper middle class women against women of lower social and economic status , dictating their ideal of womenhood . 
  in other words : not many things more mysoginist than feminism . 
  they have a history of not being about principles of equality , but moral superiority and personal advantage . 
  the original equal pay movement in sweden was more about making women housewifes , than getting them paid properly ( because in industrial jobs , the only way for women to be employed was to earn less , as they were in a physical disadvantage ) . 
  the german minister is a very conservative christian , so i see why she would follow other religious bs as well , but if you claim to be feminist , i judge you accordingly . 
  but since feminism , especially in sweden has a long history of being full of shit , this was to be expected . 
  thats the purpose of the president . 
  to be as much of neutral person politically as possible and to be agreeable by not only the majority , but well beyond that . 
  also , its not a direct vote , so campaigning would be useless . 
  the construction is mad expensive and nuclear energy is incedibly subsidized as well , since cost for waste-disposal are usually covered by the state . 
  once a plant has run its course they are also insanely complicated and expensive to deconstruct/demolish . 
  there is absolutely no financial reason to continue investing in it , uness of course you are a greedy corporation that enjoys having a centralized form of energy production that you have control over . 
  even if those things were true , nuclear energy is becoming way to expensive anyway . 
  ftas do n't have to go as far as ceta . 
  and getting access to the asian emerging markets + influence on customs and regulations would be a big plus . 
  and , it helps to improve the position against china and the us . 
  ops statement already included the fact that it is not illegal , and there is also no connection the uk whatsoever anyway . 
  in what logic is that even happening ? 
  the uk is still part of the eu and therefor profits from the developing markets in other member states as well as the education system there that provide them with qualified labor . 
  being outside the euro-zone has always been an advantage to the uk within the eu . 
  please do better research for your opinions . 
  if that were illegall , freedom of movement would have to stop as well . 
  in all seriousness . 
  regardless of others in his party . 
  what keeps him from actually contributing something ? 
  are they forcing him to not make sense and actually give some form of positive ( in the sense of constructive ) message ? 
  this talk about the rest of the party is just utter nonsense by people who like to live in a parallel universe where jeremy corbyn is actually competent . 
  he is also pretty useless and seems overwhelmed by actually having responsibilities and the task of giving directions instead of just nagging . 
  me too , but from an economic stand point the development into an international metropolis is certainly advantageous . 
  berlin is developing very nicely . 
  it took bayern decades as well . 
  there is an unjustified arrogance with bayern that ignores economic developments and dynamics for the sake of the own narrative that 's pretty annoying . 
  of course , it would be nice if things work without pressure , but thats not realistic . 
  and in a way berlin is going through the same transformation that bayern went through in the 50s/60s/70s , so it is always strange to hear bayern complaining . 
  especially considering how they profit from other forms of indirect subsidization ( like in eletricity ) . 
  i think this all just shows how there needs to be more power with the eu and especially with the eu parliament .
