what do you mean with clean up ? 
  the color of the stones is technically dirt , but since it was built using different kinds of stones during its centuries lasting construction , this black patina is what gives it a somewhat cohesive look . 
  beyond that is the cathedral an everlasting construction with about a hundred people working year round to maintain it . 
  it is a boring city though . 
  and it feels very small as many people that work in frankfurt do n't live there . 
  it lacks the urban dynamic of other big cities . 
  corruption  bailout  austerity that seems to be a more applicable line of events . 
  this flyer is not directed at kurds in turkey but those in western europe . 
  thanks for the input . 
  there is a larger alevi community where i live which influences my image of kurds in that direction . 
  edit : being secular does n't mean to not be religious , so i do n't say they are atheist , but i rather did n't classify them as islamist . 
  the flyer seems to have a islamist message though as it claims that anyone that is not completely devoted to islam can not be a kurd . 
  things like fgm etc. 
  are n't really part of islam anyway . 
  being archaic and being muslim should n't be conflated . 
  it is however so that the kurds ( in europe ) that i know tend to be rather uninterested in religion ; more so than the turkish or arabs that i know . 
  it equates being kurdish with being muslim . 
  in light of the secularism being a strong element of kurdish identity for many this is a very strange point of view . 
  after all the hdp is a secular party as well and not part of the pkk terrorist group . 
  however there is a strong islamist movement in turkey and part of it is the akp and erdogan , so it obviously makes sense for them to denounce the kurdish secularism . 
  so yeah , probably erdogan propaganda . 
  its not racist but simply stupid . 
  you do n't even share the same culture with your neighbour two blockss down the street . 
  so which is the one that should be protected ? 
  your are downvoted for simply stating facts . 
  the aging demographic leads to stress on the pension system and the nursing and caring systems rely heavy on immigration cause these jobs are very tough , badly paid but very important . 
  if people do n't like it then they should have had more children !, 
  so you simply take on the most positive position towards the agreement there ? 
  you forget a number of key differences between the swiss-china deal and anything that would include the uk though . 
  first of all is switzerland an exporteur of highly specialized goods and needed to only protect specific sectors , whereas the uk has a more diversified economy . 
  whats even more odd about your remark though , is that the deal took more than just 2/3 years of negotiation to come to pass . 
  its at the very least 6 years here , because 2007 was when the first partial agreement was signed . 
  there were also other incentives for china included in the deal that would difficult to sell in the uk , like significant investment in the swiss francs by the chinese . 
  contrary to the uk , switzerland has a big trade surplus , so the economic effects of free trade here favor the swiss in a way it would n't the uk . 
  edit : and on the effects of that deal :  the swiss trade deal with china has largely been inconsequential for bilateral trade . 
  swiss export growth to china after the deal has been weaker than , for instance , uk export growth to china . 
  these deals barely encompass anything and are only about specific sectors/goods . 
  consequently their effects are very small and nothing that moves the economic needle really . 
  such deals need years and years of negotiations anyway . 
  and the type of deal the uk can make depends on its relationship to the eu . 
  so anything beyond `` hey , wan na talk '' is not possible really . 
  that is the rationale of an economic literate person . 
  tories however are fighting for the others . 
  someone who understands that the eea is the best case scenario outside the eu is very likely to also understand the eu-membership would be better still , so the first party to fully embrace these people will be a big winner . 
  big thanks to the donald on that one !, 
  she would be forced to open up about her idea of the future then though . 
  something she avoided like the plague . 
  and it remains to be seen whether the tories can keep relying on their secret agent corbyn to destroy labour even further and if the libs can cease the moment to capture the pro-eu urban centers whereas the tories have a hard fight in the brexiter communities without anything to show for . 
  edit : eea also means no services , so the economy would still be hit , even in that transitional period . 
  that is three years after brexit though . 
  that will include elections and also make the mays stance that everybody has to keep quit and united very difficult . 
  one massive issue is simply time . 
  the exit initself is complex and requires a lot of negotiations just to get it right that there is n't any time to already look ahead . 
  and as was said a gazillion times , the final conditions of the exit determine the starting point for negotiations regarding the future . 
  your last paragraph already touched on some of these complex issues . 
  the rights of the citizens , both from eu countries in the uk and the other way round , as well as critical questions about borders in ireland , but also calais and also gibraltar need to be tended to first and foremost . 
  the biggest obstacle regarding the future relationship however is , that the uk government still appears to be clueless on how that in in the end is supposed to look like . 
  for trade deals that kind of means you are not 2 years away , but more like 10 years . 
  this map compares ppp , so compared to their central european colleagues primary teachers are way underpayed, 
  scandinavia as a whole looks shitty . 
  including finland !, 
  these fire trucks are pretty big and the emergency lanes are rather small in germany . 
  also , if there is an exit along the way they skim through traffic they would have to cross the exit which can be dangerous . 
  gibraltar was blockaded before and its economy was fucked as a result . 
  it prospered thanks to the eu and it is now unlikely that this will continue after brexit . 
  the eu barely accepted them as a tax haven as part of the union , but as an external entity they will fight it as hard as they can . 
  well that 'd be a big step and would n't the gibraltarians have to vote on that ? 
  not sure they 'd really want that , as that would pretty much be the end of its sovereignity . 
  but thats the thing about these miniature countries ; they can only survive as long as they are on good terms with their neighbours . 
  and unfortunately for them , the uk is n't their neighbour ... 
  the original point of spain was gibraltar to become kind of dual-national with both uk and spain , but that was refuted and i do n't see the spanish challenging that . 
  and you might say that the uk will not allow gib to be excluded from any deal , but why was that then at no point mentioned by may so far ? 
  and would they really risk a deal simply to help a 60.000 people tax haven ? 
  i think it is more that positive effects on the economy fall right back to the citizens of smaller countries . 
  thats why small countries can be tax havens for instance . 
  falkands ? 
  so you mean war ? 
  seems rather hostile to me . 
  and hostility does n't need to include any military threats . 
  for gibraltar any uk-eu deal that exludes them ( since they are not part of the uk that is totally possible ) would be catastrophic . 
  closed borders and a dispute over the airport will pretty much guarantee the end of prosperity in gibraltar . 
  i am not even sure le pen would dare to leave the eu . 
  theres a lot of talking of changing the eu , but not about exiting . 
  the issue was in the open , but the eu created a common ground where the dispute could be discussed and settled without any danger of extreme measures . 
  now that common ground is gone and what was once a dispute within a family becomes a hostile siuation . 
  they more often than not lack a participation rate comparable to elections , the turn out is skewed towards specific interest groups and they are more susceptable to media influence . 
  they are not undemocratic , but they are in general less democratic than decision making through parliamentary democracy . 
  i do n't think it is sealed , but it is difficult to imagine the may administration with the way they have handled business so far making a 180 and wanting to get back inside . 
  how should that even look like ? 
  i doubt she is woman enough to admit having made a mistake . 
  that is just your lack of interest . 
  and its not like british tv is watched much outside of the english speaking world either . 
  besides sherlock , which has niche audience only in germany and some crime things there is n't much to see . 
  actually , there is more tv from scandinavia than from the uk over here . 
  thats not how laws work . 
  the law can not discriminate against specific religions . 
  that would still attack many christian churches . 
  there are many african christian communities for instance , just like many other non-german language churches exist . 
  restricting language is unconstitutional anyway , in both german and european law . 
  and there is no way they want to stop that once outside the eu .
