  what a glorious mess this would have been . 
  seems your keyboard is broken . 
  you should look into that, 
  i think poland has some experience with that ... 
  there are over 2 million syrian refugees in turkey and right after turkey the eu already begins . 
  they just put them on the next flight back and then you have the whole mess all over again . 
  thats whats being done . 
  these deals take time though and cost a lot of money . 
  in many ways these are also repercussions of the arab spring , so thanks to hillary and france for that . 
  dictators were pretty good at that . 
  some countries just do n't accept them back and they are not allowed entry at the boarder/airport . 
  its tricky . 
  they are actually illegal , but there is a loophole where if it is labelled as defense against animals , you can have it . 
  its a pretty stupid loophole btw . 
  well the things is , truck drivers were quite a few times rapists and murderers , so disallowing them any kind of weapons is a reaction to that . 
  they did n't . 
  they split up their empire in three parts . 
  west became france , east became germany and middle part became the german speaking part of france , the western part of germany , south france and northern italy ( and some others ) . 
  in west francia the carolingians ( franks ) were then replaced by the capetian dynasty , which kept ruling the france until the french revolution . 
  they just stole the name . 
  the franks were a germanic tribe . 
  we never wanted to go east really . 
  the east was just for food production and slav ( e ) s . we just want to properly reunite the frankish empire . 
  ukraine seems doable though, 
  was n't it also that some of the attackers were too scared to actually act , which is why the only place with many people killed was bataclan ? 
  yes , the info changed during the night and now it seems the polish driver was shot before hand and left in the truck . 
  info has changed now . 
  originally it was said the second person died from the collison with a stand , but now it seems the second person might actually have been the driver . 
  the second person died in the attack , so was probably part of it . 
  it seems unlikely in general that the original driver is either one of the attackers though . 
  the dead passenger died in the attack , so the driver is probably somewhere else ( dead ) entirely . 
  as long as we get rid of those danes i 'm fine / s, 
  the influence of social media is insanely overrated . 
  mostly by people with no or a ( as not untypical ) bad social science background . 
  people actively choose the type of information they receive there . 
  mass media however is still abled to permeate social spheres and create a public visibility for issues and opinions that social media does not . 
  apart from that i would not dispute the lack of democratic process in england and i doubt any of these issues will be resolved in the near future . 
  i just disagree with idea that direct democracy leads to better and more democratic decision making as the systemic problems that underly the parliamentary system in the uk apply there just the same . 
  complex issues with multiple options , opinions and interests can not be resolved with binary opposition ( yes/no or tory/labour ), 
  thats longer than most left wings governments in other european countries and certainly long enough to deal with a number of issues . 
  the way the former colonies are dealt with in french politics is just abysmal and as a left-leaning myself i find it absolutely shameful that the politicians that have a responsability for these people did n't give a damn when they had the chance . 
  jup , my bad . 
  minor difference . 
  so how is direct democracy avoiding divisions ? 
  it does n't seem as if the uk or switzerland are any less divided after the referendum than before . 
  quite the opposite it seems . 
  and parliamentary democracy leaves plenty of space to voice dissent by voting for more extremist parties ( unless you are in the uk ) . 
  brexit might have been more complex and the social divide between urban and rural areas is at the systemic root , but it is absolutely insance how the majority of the media was actively and agressively rooting for someting that makes no economical , social or political sense apart from `` sticking it to the man '' . 
  the murder of joe cox was not a coincidence in any way . 
  and btw . 
  i actually think the win for trump in the us was a good thing , as there you also have the so-called `` left '' as well as the republicans that did n't care for the working class and they deserved what they got . 
  but trump is a goner in 4 years . 
  these issues did not suddenly pop up when chirac took office . 
  many in the ps are just as racist and classist as the fn or ump . 
  edit : and mitterand was president from 1981 - 1996 . 
  thats a loong time . 
  and even in the mean time jospin was prime minister, 
  but how often should that be used ? 
  and for what ? 
  i mean , often times referenda fail meetig the quorum even on a local level . 
  or what would happen if the referenda was in effect just stupid . 
  just look at switzerland where the result of the referendum is basically now ignored in the new law , because it was just stupid . 
  studies on direct democracy have also shown to be in effect less democratic , as they are dominated by people with access to publishing means and control over media . 
  best example brexit which was dominated by a single person in rupert murdoch . 
  how crazy is that !, 
  and all that without any checks and balances on this guy . 
  voting for your parliament is wonderful check initself . 
  i do n't understand why that is treated as less democratic . 
  especially outside those strange fptp systems . 
  but that was a political issue . 
  for russian immigrants they were not expected to leave again , so they were treated that way . 
  up to the late 90s german politics did nothing to improve the integration of turkish people into the society . 
  only recently did this change and things are improving now . 
  the amount of neglect towards the turkish immigrants was unique compared to all other groups of immigrants even though they would have needed the most assitance . 
  true for some , but in general politicians try to listen to good advise . 
  thats what commitees are there for for instance . 
  politicians often times get a bad rep , simply because most of their work happens outside the public ( even though the public can attend or watch a lot of it if they are interested ) , but we only see the part when they have to act like knowitall big-shots simply because they are expected to . 
  the problem seems to be more the sheer number of immigrants in one spot that allows for ghettos to arise . 
  soical mixing is essential for all urban communities to avoid possible negative effects of so many people from the same social/cultural-background . 
  somce cities managed that better , some worse . 
  so , the problem is less with the people but more with the system i would say . 
  berlin just did n't do are good job for a long time . 
  thats why their is the parliamentary system . 
  people getting paid to deal with this complicated stuff being voted in every 4/5/6 years to . 
  its not ideal , but a heck lot better than direct democracy . 
  spaces sparated by gender are nothing `` muslim '' , but is part of many cultures , including chrisitian ones . 
  in many traditonial households the kitchen is a place that men are not allowed to enter . 
  it 's kind of a safe space if you will . 
  and men have their own spaces as well . 
  and if you are just slightly honest you wiill realize that there are similar spaces even in `` modern '' / `` urban '' cultures . 
  polish immigration worked pretty well , so did the italian . 
  russian and turkish immigration has been mostly succesful with noticable but not representative exceptions . 
  the french socialists are to me the greatest political disappointment of all socialist or social democratic movements in europe . 
  they have been in power sooo damn long but they just do n't give a crap for the people at the bottom . 
  they care about their unions and public servants , but apart from that they are a rich buddy club just like all those right wingers . 
  if you let people waste their lives in those ghettos , not cleaning up the mess and creating opportunities to get out of there then this is what you get . 
  it is not that easy to get a gun in switzerland and austria and more importantly , it is not allowed to carry them in public unless for specific purposes . 
  and there are also restrictions regarding the way weapons are kept at home and can be transported . 
  absolutely . 
  most attacks are being stopped in advance when the potential terrorists try to get weapons and/or obtain guns .
