  it is more likely now that the eu will move closer together since the blocking element is leaving . 
  wo n't work . 
  switzerland has access to the single market . 
  so more like switzerland without everything that makes switzerland work . 
  i like and dislike him at the same time . 
  i support his idea of a more social europe , but he at the same time ignores issues like corruption and lack of accountability . 
  he also lacks a clear message and is constantly contradicting his own points . 
  there is a reason he failed as a politician . 
  this generation of mustang is very young though . 
  but was introduced to global markets very recently and had to be adapted for that . 
  globally the american made fords can not compete with european ones . 
  when gm was in trouble and were approached on selling opel in germany they could n't sell in the end , cause they could n't let go of the know how . 
  mustang barely qualifies as global , the focus was developed by ford europe in cologne , same for the fiesta . 
  ford europe has a long tradition and built cars specifically for the european market for almost a century . 
  growing up i did n't even know there was an american ford company but thought they were german . 
  trade is only one aspect of it and many other points of cooperation are just as valuable for the u.k. 
  unlikely that they will get these without further contributions than conceding on something that is of essential importance to the uk like skilled labor . 
  the economic policy in france is n't that left , as it leaves out the interests of the poorest people . 
  the extremely high unemployment rate especially among young people indicates , that the so called left policy only caters to people already in a secure job . 
  but if you include the non-reported cases , of which we have no idea anyway , how do you conclude that these numbers are higher now than before ? 
  i am not really sure why falso claims of sexual violence being included in the statistics is a good thing . 
  should we expand that to all forms of violent crime then ? 
  so i just go the police everyday and tell my friends to do the same and we report a case of murder , thereby creating the statistically most dangerous place in the whole world !, 
  that 'd be fun . 
  the police took like 2 days to report the extent of what happened and the local police chief lost his job for it . 
  yes , the big cover up of something that was reported on the same day in the biggest local newspapers . 
  joking ? 
  thats why i said that , if there is a mutual agreement that remaining within the eu is the wanted outcome of the process , it would be an option . 
  it should be obvious that the political interest of eu is to keep a members like the uk within the union if in anyway possible . 
  to say that once ithe article is triggered , the outcome has to be the end of the membership would make the process that is described in the article obsolete . 
  if that would be the case the article could state that the membership ends with triggering it , but it does n't . 
  i found the discussion of it : https://blogs.ucl.ac.uk/law-journal/tag/brexit/ it is correct , that it is likely that a withdrawal from the process in not possible , however , it could be arged oterhwise , as the actual intent of article 50 is , to keep the member as close to the union as possible , and if it is mutually agreed that the best outcome would be to remain inside the eu , then this would also be possible . 
  there was an explanation of it i ca n't find right now , saying that art . 
  50 is designed in a way that leaves the option for the country to withdraw from the process as long as they are still part of the eu . 
  playing that game however would destroy all trust and therefor the basis of negotiations . 
  the danger would then be , that the eu would just stop negotiating in the next process altogether and just wait for the time to pass . 
  the issue with all this process is , that the uks position gets weaker and weaker as time passes by and things are uncertain . 
  if they ca n't offer guarantees to companies on the legal parameters of the future , no one can invest really . 
  and it means , that elections wil take place during that time ; something that may definitely wants to avoid . 
  or you decide to retract from art . 
  50 altogether , which is also possible . 
  but that would have to happen during those 2 years . 
  they have n't triggered art . 
  50 yet , so why should they be out so fast ? 
  the only way negotiations would end fast is if the uk said , screw it we go wto and just end all legal ties at once . 
  i doubt however , that they 'd be that stupid . 
  i think in germany it has gotten worse over the last years , since so many roma have come to germany in that time and caused many problems , especially with regards to organized crime . 
  there are whole neighbourhoods pretty much destroyed by immigrated roma clans . 
  this does n't only apply to people from romania though , but also bulgaria . 
  its totally unfair and wrong , but the perception of many at the moment . 
  that fact that your current presidents name is klaus johannes might help change this perecption though . 
  but only because chinese are less likely to comment on tripadvisor, 
  better even to visit paris in winter . 
  still pretty af but way less tourists . 
  ( not for christmas or new years obviously , but like in jan. / feb. ), 
  nice , a link to a crazy conspiracy theory site . 
  surely , they have the `` right '' numbers , eh, 
  i think there is no way that any voting system that is not proportional is able to capture the complex interests and belief systems of modern societies . 
  and in germany its not only the left that has broken up , but right now it is also the right that has broken up as the conservatives have shifted to the left . 
  these changes and movements are organic and normal and a political systems has to have the capacity to accomodate for that instead of forcing everything into this fixed and unflexible two party favouring ftpt model . 
  there is a golden opportunity to capitalize on a completely overwhelmed and chaotic goverment , but because labour and corbyn at the top is not able to formulate a cohesive message to counter the vagueness of the torries they are losing to the frekin libdems !, 
  at some point he has to take responsability and stick his neck out . 
  he just seems a chicken that was good at throwing stones from the back and not much else . 
  ca n't tell me that corbyn is the best they have . 
  the infuriating thing is , since he is the party leader its blatantly obvious that he is seriously too dumb to be a politician . 
  the guy is completely clueless . 
  seems nice and genuine , but man , that does n't cut it . 
  its crazy how much corbyn has f * d up labour and none of his delusional supporters recognizes it . 
  fair points . 
  my perspective on the french speaking parts of africa is more on the former belgian colonies , and as you said yourself , they were are lot worse than both the french and the english colonizers , and have a linguistic landscape were french is less integral to communication than in the former french colonies . 
  my guess is immigrants . 
  i do n't mean that i will replace french , at least not in the forseeable future , but i would think that it can threaten its place as the most common lingua franca in the region as globalisation remains the champion of the engish language . 
  also the french presence in the region is huge , but not uncontroversial and i would not be shocked if some countries follow the example of rwanda at some point when they decide they have been exploited enough . 
  cameroon is also an interesting example , as there is a conflict exactly over the point of english vs. french and the central government pushing for french while cameroonian pidgin english is on the rise . 
  in my eyes the fact that the english language appears more open to localizing compared to french will here be an important factor . 
  french in africa is somewhat conservative , while english is very adaptable . 
  to the point of rwanda . 
  i am aware of the historical background of the change . 
  i am however also aware that kagame pushes the country eastwards politically and economically , towards the kiswahili and english speaking countries ( and his personal buddies ) . 
  the relationship between congo and rwanda is n't really hostile but rather complicated and it is interesting to see how this will develop . 
  also lingala is gaining in importance more and more and it will be interesting to see how that effects the roles of french and swahili . 
  i looked into the report and they actually take a decline into account very early , however a rather modest one . 
  and since they project the population to be at 2.4 bn in 2050 , the smaller increase until 2100 leads to this massive absolute number anyway . 
  and i do n't question the motives of everyone doing these proections , athough i do question the motives of the ngos that parttake in the process . 
  i also question the methodology , as it is very heavily reliant on quantitative methods . 
  in the case of niger for instance i ask myself if anyone that makes a prediction of 200 million people for this country in 2100 would do so if they ever stepped foot into that place . 
  there is a common sense test that i think all numbers have to pass , and if something seems outrageous , chances are it is . 
  and often times its local developments that get unnoticed to people sitting at their desks in new york , geneva or paris that have massive influence on developments 20 years down the road . 
  like questions of land ownership for instance . 
  population growth in africa is mosty driven by the rural population and their ability to live from subsistence farming . 
  this ability is however going to disappear rather soon , so the driving economic basis for the population growth is going to disappear in 20 years time . 
  i would therefore predict a steep decline in birth rates by 2040 in most parts of the continent . 
  and i know this is a prediction some way down the road , but i would bet my ( non-existent ) house on it . 
  wait , how is it necessary to talk about a continent ? 
  do n't see how this is relevant at all . 
  but if you think it is , take the biggest countries of the indian sub-continent with india , pakistan and bangladesh , together now with about 1,6 bn people now . 
  the change in population growth between 1982 and 2002 in those countries was : india 2,3 to 1.6 ( now 1.2 ) pakistan 3.4 to 1.9 ( now 1.6 ) bangladesh 2.7 to 1.7 ( now 1.1 ) that should be a valid sample size i think . 
  and regarding the independent sources agreeing with each other , i do n't see how that really matters , as the methods used are largely the same . 
  and deviance of projections and actual result is the big story of the last population report , as the projections were far too low . 
  but you are right , that it is not a biggie to do adapt projections and numbers along the way , however when these numbers are used to spread panic , i tend to object .
