  none ( but one ) of my parties meps deserves a single day more in this house for that simple reason . 
  in some countries ( like turkey ) the ability to inherit property is linked to your citizenship and for others the ability to move back to your country of origin at some point in the future would be limited . 
  which also would be solved if people had to decide in which country they vote in . 
  if you can no longer vote in turkey , erdogan and akp will no longer be there . 
  as long as it does n't infringe on basic rights of others i see no issue with it . 
  having voting rights in multiple countries can be considered infringement however imo . 
  no , i would say you have to relinquish your voting rights in one of the countries and be deleted from the voter register . 
  i think there is more to dual citizenship then just voting rights . 
  voting rights were probably the least of all concerns and i am not even sure if anybody thought about that . 
  the general public only became aware of it when a famous journalist casted two votes in the last ep election , one in germany and one in italy . 
  that was illegal anyway , but before that most people did n't even realize that someone with dual citizenship in germany could still vote in his country of origin . 
  there is an argument to be made against dual citizenship , thats right . 
  and i also do n't like how its done now , but simply because i believe you can not cast your vote for two different countries . 
  you can only be parrt of one political system . 
  so if you had to decide in which country you are allowed to vote and in which not , then i had no issue with it . 
  edit : typos, 
  in germany you have to remember that a lot the inherited wealth by billionaires comes in the form of family business , and the german tax code has the explicit intent to keep companies in the hands of families instead of investors . 
  the norway-style eea is pretty much the max non-eu soft brexit possibility out there . 
  but the uk does n't seem to accept this to be the best they can get as it includes 1 . contributions to the eu budget ; 2 . 
  freedom of movement ; 4 . 
  no individual trade deals ; 5 . 
  no political influence . 
  in essence it is worse than membership by all objective measures . 
  i know , but i liked this study specifically because it is not european . 
  and of course family background is by far the most important factor , as studies show , but they also show differences between genders . 
  one study in germany for instance found that in 13 of 16 states in germany , as well as overall , boys needed to perform a lot better than girls to receive recommendations for higher education . 
  these recommendations are made after primary level , so at a level where women outweigh men as teachers almost 7 to 1 . 
  but some studies suggest otherwise . 
  ( look ) [ https://www.unicef.org/eapro/report_why_are_boys_underperforming_final.pdf] i know there are other studies that do n't see a direct link , but these tend to ignore the systemic effects of a female oriented education system where the standards that are set fit girls needs better than boys . 
  there are private school forms that use individualised learning . 
  their outcome is n't better than regular schools though . 
  there is still enough room for men to become teachers . 
  the gap is not that insanely big that there are not enough men qualified . 
  the issue is rather that for cultural reasons men are less accepted in educational occupations and the teaching environment is designed for female teachers and their needs and demands . 
  you talked about personalised education using computers . 
  i am not sure where the interactive and interpersonal aspects of education are to fit in there . 
  but how do we know if the systems of singapore , japan and south korea are even succesful ? 
  they are highly curriculum oriented and surprise surprise , pisa is the same . 
  succesful carreers however seem to depend more on social intelligence . 
  the thing that is not sought after in these studies . 
  these strict educational systems are even thought to be a factor in the economic struggles in these countries since the 90s as this form of education is not as good in teaching adaptability and creativity . 
  now thats an interesting circle . 
  does n't really stack up though , since calling teaching in primary or nursery school higher academic studies is very very ( add some more very ) strange idea . 
  the hurdles to enter educational careere are n't that high . 
  i was born in eastern germany and the outcome of eduaction in terms of gender equality was similar to what is observed here . 
  women were more succesful than men . 
  seems authoritarian education and supporting conformity fits female behaviour better than male . 
  and so far there is no evidence , that this leads to better results for a society . 
  and citing japan as a success-story of authoritarian education is a rather strange choice . 
  japan and south korea are known for their high suicide rates after all , especially among students . 
  the outcome does suggest so at least . 
  that is also incorrect . 
  human are social beings . 
  it is the way that we are wired and our biological program works . 
  educating in groups is a lot more natural than isolation . 
  also , social competence is the most important skill there is and exchane of thoughts and knowledge serves way better than indiviudal ocnsumption . 
  sorry but that is really bs . 
  makes me even angry . 
  to divert the responsibilty from the teacher to the children is definitely not the way to go . 
  and what cultural attitudes are you talking about ? 
  the mystical patriarchy that infests the brain of the 5 year old boys ? 
  the link about train stations did not talk of robberies , but only theft . 
  regarding the gas stations there is still no connection to refugees . 
  spikes of crime in specific places can be caused by many things . 
  the fact that many robberies here are also connected to drugs is not very indicative of a connection to refugees . 
  you use incorrect translations here . 
  it is not robberies , but theft which has gone up . 
  a very important difference . 
  and to connect refugess with theft of gas at gas stations , while refugees do n't own cars is just redicuous . 
  you might not be gullibe , but severely dishonest . 
  that is an issue , yes . 
  however , it would require specific research on this topic to get deeper into that , and i have n't found something yet . 
  a guess however could be , that in these countries negativee attitudes towards `` masculine '' behaviour might be very common among women in eduactio , but now i am moving into dangerous territory . 
  it would be a starting question for a research project that made sense , however i doubt you would find funding for that . 
  thanks for adding some personal experience and knowledge . 
  and you make very good points . 
  it absolutely should n't be about letting everyone behave like they want to . 
  the task is rather to not stigmatize and exclude people with deviating behaviour early on in their educational career and thereby demotivating them , but rather finding ways to integrate . 
  creating positive attitudes towards education in an early age appears to be a main task here . 
  that would be correct , if the institutions at the top of these rankings had n't manipulated the way that research is qualified . 
  journal rankings for instance do n't tell you how good or innovative the content is , but only where the contributors come from and how mainstream their research is . 
  male teachers in early education would be of great help . 
  i know that in germany males are highly sought after in nursery and primary schools . 
  one could also argue that , typical ( normal ) behaviour of boys is strictily sanctioned in schools , as they tend to be noisier , more agressive , less cooperative than girls . 
  this contributes to worse performance and development . 
  the idea is that male teachers are more equipped to deal with this type of behaviour , and also serve as role models for boys . 
  just an example from my personal education history . 
  i was bored in school , so i made trouble all the time and always ended up being isolated in the last row of class . 
  my performance was accordingly just mediocre . 
  now i am about to finish my phd and i teach at university . 
  that is debatable . 
  having investors with ties to the country is an advantage for the employees of that company . 
  i know this does n't always work out that way , but there are many examples of companies being loyal to their place of origin against basic economic logic ( which often times is falls logic anyway ) . 
  and big companies also tend to have a lot influence on politics . 
  well , for a movement on taking back control , this is a rather ironic outcome , is n't it ? 
  investors from china and arabia loved the opportunity to buy pieces of the british economy for cheap . 
  and the reality is , that markets are currently working under the assumption the uk stays within the single market . 
  well the pound is still very very low , so the ftse is also still devalued . 
  and the pound has only gotten slightly better since the markets think that the uk will remain in the single market . 
  the negative effect of brexit is a lot more significant than just another new italian government .
