  at the same time other companies have battery solutions themselves and keep working on them , so its not set in stone that tesla batteries remain the best in their segment . 
  long term the prospect of an isolated economy outside of a larger trading block will be rather catastrophic . 
  despite the trumpster in the us , the world is forming more and more unions of geographically connected and equal minded partners to compete with the emerging economic mega powers china and india . 
  it is inevitable for the uk to join such a block unless they want to be crushed . 
  well , the problem for tesla will come the moment a competitor from germany decides to acquire the individual expertise and knowledge of the employees by hiring the workforce . 
  lol . 
  have n't seen that yet . 
  seriously an incredibly stupid idea . 
  its using a system invented for mass transportation and scales it down to be used for individuals . 
  how is that smart ? 
  and then we are not even talking about the financial aspects of it ... 
  incredible . 
  it is , but not to the extent it has reached with tesla . 
  cars are life-style products to only a limited degree . 
  its a difference if your life-style products cost $ 1000 or $ 100.000 . 
  but tesla does n't fit such a description . 
  they do n't have much proprietary when it comes to their main business ; selling electric cars . 
  producing cars is also not a very fast moving industry anyway , as it requires immense production capacities to work . 
  you ca n't just hire a couple hundred very bright people and revolutionize everything . 
  and to make matters worse , the big players are engaged in this technologies for decades already and are already offering a better product than tesla . 
  tesla is currently nothing but a hype factory that only trues to prolonge its collapse as far as possible . 
  you mean the 0 rapes by refugees on new years eve that year . 
  there was 1 reported case , but that turned out to be faked as the supposed victim was n't even in cologne that night ... 
  christian democrats are odd breeds anyway . 
  they had close ties with akp before they went full authoritarian and were doing alot of their anti-turkish sentiments for show . 
  it 's treason then, 
  groups like the wei\u00dfe rose or edelwei\u00dfpiraten need to be recognized as well . 
  thats not campaigning , but straight up saying hello to a party that has pretty much never seen him in person before . 
  when campaigning starts things will be a lot different . 
  merkel has the bonus of free tv time with her office and since schulz left his position you ca n't expect him to just disappear until 3 month before the elections ... 
  it has n't really . 
  campaigning has started for the federal elections and both merkel and schulz have made appearances for that . 
  but that 's not yet really campaigning . 
  the greens are just at the start of a long journey of losing elections . 
  they have turned conservative rather quickly and as a result are losing their traditional base of young voters . 
  it seems people have realised that now and tell them to fuck off more and more . 
  and changing will be hard for them , as they carry an attitude of self-rightiousness that is pretty much unparalleled . 
  so what are signs of a `` christian democracy '' then ? 
  the differences between the polls are rather small though . 
  also , campaigning has n't started yet and wo n't before the elections in nrw ( biggest state of germany ) are done and dealt with . 
  so riling them up when the current poll is still +8 compared to the pre-schulz time ? 
  considering that every single party in the bundestag with the exception of the cdu was against the iraq war , this is n't that big of an accomplishment . 
  westerwelle was just great at marketing . 
  not necessarily . 
  the cdu has strong connections to unions as well and has a root in the `` soziale marktwirtschaft '' ( social market economy ) , which was actually implemented by them . 
  there is a more neo-liberal side to them compared to the spd , but the more christian part is kind of market sceptical . 
  i do n't think after '43 there were many left in germany to revolt as every person in shape of revolting was either at the front , in a camp or dead already . 
  resistance could only come from individuals or basically children . 
  southern italy had the advantage of being at the periphery of things where there was less control . 
  this is the french law . 
  did n't take me long to look it up , so why did n't you just do it instead of making such an accusation . 
  he was legally a minor prior to that , regardless of his age of consent . 
  because of that a sexual relationship was illegal , since one person had authority over the other ( teacher-student ), 
  age of consent is not that important if it involves a relationshp of dependency . 
  officially becoming a couple when he turns 18 ... again ... totally unsuspicious . 
  she was his teacher and they ( officially ) became a couple just when he turned 18 . 
  and of course there was nothing while he was still a minor in school . 
  totally unsuspicious right ... 
  thats because `` die linke '' is only partly a left party . 
  it has nationalistic and xenophobic tendencies as well ( or some of their members like wagenknecht ), 
  lol . 
  franzos is a slightly derogatory word for a french person ( used in place of the proper franzos ** e ** ), 
  making blanket statements is kind of dickish in itself, 
  it 's the magic crystal ball telling you that ? 
  there is a minuscule difference between center left and center right parties in that area and whoever is in the opposition cries for more police and who is in government cries about the budget . 
  and even bavaria the police union is arguing about the understaffing . 
  and the first left prime minister has n't cut politics so far as well . 
  see , you apparently do n't like doing research . 
  the biggest cuts in police spending in nrw happened with the conservtive government and berlin is in the financial shitter . 
  ca n't cut costs and employ people at the same time . 
  and calling nrw a left state is laughable considering th spd is rather conservative and coalitions switch between all parties . 
  and if you watch a bit more closely you find that the spd is arguing for a higher military budget as well . 
  problem , the budget is not the issue at the moment but the lack of competence , as the budget is not even fully used . 
  odd reasoning , considering that the conservatives had a hold on this ministry for quite some time now and are responsible for many many fuck ups in that area . 
  just like the stupid reasoning of internal security , when it is the conservatives that cut police funding over and over again . 
  not like he had a say in which douche likes him to be his saint of choice . 
  it does . 
  but r/europe has made a strange turn on things involving logic, 
  i dislike it because its a philosphic take on social issues that needs empiric evidence . 
  it belongs in the same corner of bullshit like feminist theory . 
  just because you can observe individual or a few applicable cases , does not mean you can make broad assumptions . 
  so if you are happy with the way things are where you are and people here are happy with the way things are here , why do you complain and make an argument ? 
  people seem to love weekends and sundays in particular . 
  do n't know why you think they are shit ? 
  could be more personal issues maybe . 
  get some friends ... 
  they do n't compete for the same customers and do n't need special protection . 
  beyond that , there is a different tradition regarding restaurants in which restaurants are usually closed on mondays in germany . 
  so even there is a common off day , even though that is not protected by law , but simply resulting from monday being traditionally the weakest day of business . 
  these are fast food chains and not restaurants in the classic sense . 
  restaurant chains are still not that common in europe . 
  people have 2 days a week off usually . 
  not one . 
  it has not been challenged by the many changing governments so far and is consens between the conservatives ( for religious reasons ) and the social democrats ( for workers rights reasosns ) to keep it that way . 
  so i do n't see why it should be changed . 
  there are exemptions for train stations and gas stations sell food items on sundays as well , and there is a set number of sundays per year in which the municipality can allow shops to be opened ( usually before christmas ) . 
  i see you fully embraced your role, 
  ah , the crazy person shouting at the medical personal cause `` they hurtin my baby '' . 
  `` why he got all those tubes ? 
  you drainin his soul ! '',
