  sounds awesome , right ? 
  i do n't talk about racial segregation here . 
  some of your arguments you have in there on that topic are very disturbing as well . 
  you should understand , that being male or female is not equal to skin color . 
  its two very different things . 
  and i am also not a friend of the burqa . 
  i always catch myself having very negative attitudes towards conservative muslims , as i am very much against religion altogether . 
  i am not a person without bias after all . 
  but i do have to accept that there are people with other ideas than myself , and as long as they do not interfere with the rights of myself and others , i accept them . 
  one thing we have to accept , is that we are animals . 
  we are very unique ones , but animals nontheless . 
  we can change society , but there is on consent on what society is best . 
  we tried many , and many worked . 
  the one we have right now works now , but mybe its different in the future or it will stop working . 
  who knows . 
  and befre you talk about `` liberty '' , ask yourself first how free you actually are . 
  you might find , that you ( just like me ) live in a very restricted world . 
  you do n't know their motivation , reasoning , background , have n't spoken to them , but you still think you can make a claim on their intelligence . 
  i also do n't argue with you specifically , you are just the only one that keeps responding . 
  i also responded to another comment here , but that ended right there . 
  the fact that reddit has found a common understanding of something , does n't make it right . 
  reddit has an elitist bias and is not very smart when it comes to social sciences . 
  unsurprisingly though , as even social sciences ( way too often ) are n't very smart on social science . 
  after all , it 's the part of science that requires you to leave your personal biases behind to become a good observer . 
  thats hard to do . 
  by the way . 
  if you want to think about something regarding the `` success '' of the `` liberization '' of women in western societies , look at this : https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2016/may/18/womens-rights-happiness-wellbeing-gender-gap the more `` free '' women are , the less happy they are as well . 
  damn ... right ... 
  you judge women that have a different opinion than you based on a picture you see on reddit , denying their intelligence . 
  if you do n't see an issue there , well ... i think then i hit the nail on its head with calling you a narcissist . 
  edit : almost trumpian i would say even, 
  in your posts you say :  `` yes , there are stupid women too . '', 
  please proceed from there . 
  i asked you to expand on your point , but you have n't so far . 
  i am still waiting to hear , why you think that you are superior to other women in history and the world . 
  oh , how so ? 
  you probably think that you and the women around you are the epitome of female evolution , but does n't that strike you as a bit narcissistic ? 
  you are sexist towards women that act and think differently than you . 
  its classic racism and sexism ( against women with other views to life ) of western feminism . 
  is there any proof for what you claim ? 
  but nice to see that the propaganda has worked on you , as you make claims that do n't even hold up to the common sense test . 
  conservative societies prevent divorce altogether , creating security for women beyond what they have in a progressive one . 
  traditional divroce and family laws protect women in these situations very strong . 
  the steak argument is stupid entirely . 
  as the women take care of the house , they also have control over the spendings in this area . 
  husbands that are unable to properly provide for their family however are outcasts in society . 
  women have lost a great deal of security in modern society . 
  from an biological and evolutionary perspective it can even be argued , that the decreased fertility of women is a sign for that , as animals ( which humen are as well ) are less likely to reproduce in situations of uncertainty . 
  and i am an anthropoligst . 
  i try to use empirical evidence if possible and value the opinions of non-western people just as much as western opinions . 
  claiming that women were and are unable to make decisions to their best personal interest implies them being unable to obtain the information needed for this decision . 
  education is not important for that , intelligence is . 
  education is a relative term anyway . 
  you can be educated into liking dictatorship , just as you can be educated into liking democracy . 
  germans under the nazi regime were well educated , but they were also massive fans of hitler . 
  what a sexist thing to say . 
  women in history have not been stupider than their male contemporates . 
  i deeply disagree with your statemend . 
  the truth is , that for many women the traditional cultural ideals offer more tangible power than in modern societies . 
  they possess great power within their families , incuding the male parts of it , that they lose in other constelations . 
  traditional values , especially regading sexual morality , are often defended by women for these reasons . 
  the idea that modern society has liberated women is nothing but propaganda . 
  every form of society offers both opportunities and restrictions . 
  before i forget it : i prefer secular , educated and progressive societies , but i do understand , that for some ( or many ) this is not the ideal way . 
  albanians are kind of difficult . 
  they are not prone to radical religiousness , but the albanian mafia is rather infamous . 
  i bet they 'd drop their turkish citizenships in a heartbeat if that happened and suddenly become all `` not-turkish at all '' . 
  seeing how many of them support the government , its a win-win situation . 
  if you do n't vote because you do n't care , it rather shows you feel less involved with turkish politics altogether . 
  in the context of integration thats a good thing . 
  its not about the quantitiy but quality . 
  european governments have for too long ignored the issue of integration and are now forced to play catch up on it . 
  had it happened 40/50 years ago , things would look very different now . 
  and even though they voted for `` yes '' , they would n't want to go back . 
  and now even less then ten years ago ironically . 
  not even . 
  that was more of a publicity stunt . 
  it can be dangerous , but there is a gay scene that is alive and well and not in danger . 
  despite the law there have been 0 convictions because of sexual orientation . 
  seriously man . 
  uganda is one of the best tourist destinations in the world and since it lacks the shitty mass tourism of kenya and tanzania , its cheaper and also a lot more individual . 
  ffs : its got safaris ( indlucing rhynos ) , gorillas , mountains , the nile , insanely pretty lakes and even crazy nightlife with the majority of the population speaking english . 
  edit : forgot lake victoria . 
  ca n't swim in it , but pretty nontheless . 
  bismarck was no monarch . 
  and the fractured nature is actually what represents germany by far the best . 
  the decentral organization of the country is what makes it unique , as well as the somewhat anti-nationalist attitudes that come from it . 
  nationalism has been a german trait for only a short period of time and thats why i would n't see a nationalist as representative . 
  neither belongs here, 
  he was only king of bavaria, 
  the guy was voted into office democratically and who knows were they rand in the edition of the index . 
  they had made a radical turn to neo-liberalism between 1998 and 2005 , switching out pretty much all head figures that where still connected to their social-liberal roots . 
  the fdp of 1980 and 2005 are very different parties . 
  it was also found that the hotel lobby had sponsored the fdp campaign . 
  it basically was corruption that was legal by the law but not morally . 
  i think the green party has become more and more conservative over the years , so far that many prefer the cdu over the spd . 
  this shift appears to cost them much of their votes though . 
  about 10 % of kazakhstan is in europe . 
  those in power in the uk were torn over the issue and had no direction really . 
  and in the end the turkish government wo n't care if its close as the dynamics of the result will just carry them through .
