  its just not a real bargaining chip . 
  if anything , the uk wants to keep that access by all means necessary and prevent the eu from building up their own capacities , just like they dislike an eu-army . 
  making it part of the negotiations is a dangerous game . 
  its about access to communication lines and hubs . 
  and it does n't matter that they could n't stop them from doing so , simply because they did n't want to anyway . 
  the cia has a huge hacking base in frankfurt and that is not without consent by the german government . 
  of course does five eyes have more capabilities in that area , but they also make use of eu infrastructure to do so . 
  and they do that with permission of the eu member states and in exchange give access to the intelligence data . 
  five eyes is not interested in losing these abilities just because may suddenly thinks that could be leveraged against economic cooperation . 
  very true . 
  i almost despise the cdu , but i still very much respect her . 
  and looking at our past , we have a very good collection of chancellors in general . 
  no wonder we kept almost all of them in office for more than one term . 
  that is true to some extent only . 
  the uk is probably more likely to concede protection on agriculture , but that comes with the price of destroying that whole industry . 
  for the automobile industry i however do n't see how their stance would be any different outside the eu , considering that this is one of the most important remaining industries in the country and is a major employer with about 600.000 jobs connected to it directly or indirectly . 
  the big issue will now be that the uk agenda becomes very obvious to all potential partners and them vulerable to bullying and making concessions way worse than within the eu . 
  india and china are already waiting to screw them over . 
  thats a very reasonable stance and i highly doubt there will be much resistance to it . 
  now if the gchq would no longer share information with other eu member states and use the existing potentials the uk would be just as fucked . 
  the sheer number of threats is way higher in the uk than in germany and stopping cooperation would be suicidal . 
  thats the point that is crazy about this whole discussion here . 
  may is gambling with her own citizens security just as much . 
  what does she want to gain from it ? 
  germany has been very sneaky in doing it by allowing allies to do it on our soil instead of doing it outright by ouselves . 
  i am late to the party , but i actually saw the cnn coverage today and they spent significant time with someone repeating the old story that the eu needs the uk than the other way round and that the german government would do anything to keep free trade with the uk . 
  so as much as this is old news , its not like anyone has listended the past 50 times it was said . 
  living there must be a nightmare . 
  i was there in september and as pretty as it is , the amount of tourists in this small area is insane . 
  they mostly act below the level of public awareness , besides the stern warning of expulsing turkish imams for spying that is . 
  beyond that they have given warning to the people on the turkish watch list and do n't cooperate . 
  higher education is unaffordable for many and the elite universities for almost all , which is why they have barely british students anyway . 
  primary and secondary education ahve improved pretty much everywhere on the globe and the uks results in the pisa study are rather underwhelming . 
  edit : the science community in the uk , which is tremendous btw. , also relies heavily on european subsidies , funding , personell etc. 
  losing that will be an immense blow , and the cool down is already happening . 
  uhhh ... shit . 
  thought they 'd use dhl which does a lot of shipping through the air . 
  i 'd guess they use planes to finland . 
  even though 5-7 days seems pretty long for that ... maybe its just different competition in those markets . 
  probably more expensive cargo routes due to limited competition . 
  lol . 
  this is total bs and you should know it . 
  i am not sure i get your point . 
  my point was , if economic factors are not the drivers for political choices , i do n't know why they vote for the party that mainly runs on its supposed economic competence ( regardless whether thats true or not ) . 
  also , the uk was a major driver of eu expansion and freedom of movement http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/2790499/uk-businesses-back-eu-expansion.html, 
  then i wonder why they voted tory in the first place ... 
  they had a firm hold on immigration from outside the eu and apparently did n't care . 
  they even had control over parts of the immigration from within the eu , but again did n't care , unlike other western european countries ... 
  the us never went into saudi arabia ... 
  wow , you actually use a new yorker article to explain a german legal term ? 
  seriously ? 
  well this is the actual legal ground of the label : https://www.stuttgart.ihk24.de/fuer-unternehmen/international/import_export/warenursprung/made_in_germany_2/675252#titleintext3 or here : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/made_in_germany unfortunately , like is the case for most legal dsicussions from germany , it is only available in german . 
  that is factually incorrect what you are saying . 
  the requirement for the label is that significent elements of the product and its features/properties/qualities ( its the german word eigenschaften which means all of these things ) are done in germany . 
  to carry this label it is not enough to do a part of the production/assembly in germany , but also the planning or design has to be done in germany . 
  that means a product has to be designed in germany and at least partially be produced there as well . 
  for a nike shoe it would be completely cost-ineffective to do any part of the production in the us , since the process is so damn cheap that this would multiply the production cost . 
  there is a difference between an electronic product that requires a lot of development and innovation before production can begin and a shoe that can be drawn by a single person on a computer . 
  well i was n't talking about the legal argument . 
  if the label `` designed in germany '' was as powerful , they would n't do that chip thing . 
  but it is n't , so they do it . 
  understandable , is n't it ? 
  the work that is in the first line responsible for quality and durability is done in germany , so of course they also want to have the label . 
  leica is german company though and their designs and innovations come from their headquarters in wetzlar/germany . 
  cause he is a serb, 
  there was the false impression for a long time , that the akp was not run by crazy people and that they would be easy to cooperate with . 
  after all , our leading party , the cdu , used to be on very friendly terms with them , as they both have a religious base with liberal economic policies . 
  over the past years though , germany has started to educate imams at state universities with a liberal view on islam , but that is a long term project . 
  also , many organization , including turkish ones , that cooperate with the many levels of government in germany are not that fundamentalistic and also critical of erdogan . 
  germany has deported people without german citizenship that have accumulated a severe criminal record many times before , so the practice is nothing new . 
  the last prominent case is the young man that killed a young women ( tugce ) who will be de deported to serbia . 
  he also was born in germany , but did not have citizenship . 
  he tried fighting it in court , without success . 
  ditib used to be rather ok , quite modern and good to work with until like 5/6 years ago when the turkish side decided to get hands on with it and turn it into an arm of the akp and conservative islam . 
  putin loving nationalist . 
  thats the answer . 
  its a completely insane mistake . 
  if she does n't know who the longtime president of the european parliament is , or that the spd is actually part of the current coalition , then she should n't be on tv talking about it . 
  i seriously have no idea what `` fake news '' is supposed to mean these days anyway , so i why not apply it to stupid and uninformed pseudo-journalism ( hoping this was n't intentional misinformation ... in which case fake news would be even more applicable ), 
  lol . . somehow that makes sense here ... crazy world ... 
  the conflict in cyprus needed resolving , but that seems a sensible idea in general and under a different government possible . 
  france would not blocked if all others were on board . 
  there was a time when it was a real possibility and for many european leaders ( including conservatives ) a serious goal . 
  who knew that erdogan would turn bat shit crazy after a promising start . 
  do some more reading on marx . 
  he was not a nationalist . 
  and if wagenknecht is a lunatic ( which she is ) , why is she at the top of the party ? 
  they are desperate for people with advanced skills , including programming . 
  the numbers of soldiers needed at the frontlines is rather small compared to the needed technical personal . 
  and even if there is some yelling ... who cares . 
  does n't hurt , does it ... 
  yeah sorry , but ending the german nato membership is nothing but the end of all discussions . 
  and that is a perfectly reasonable stance for social democrats . 
  its no wonder that wagenknecht is an admirer of dictators across the globe , including putin and trump . 
  i will never understand how this woman is not correctly identified as a nationalistic right-winger ( i would say national-socialist if that wording would n't imply something that is not intended ) . 
  the times of torture , punishment and endless yelling are long gone these days . 
  and there is a simple reason for that : courts . 
  inhumane treatment of all military personel is illegal and for cases of people drafted these regulations become a lot harder . 
  and all it takes for a military career to end is someone taking your ass to court . 
  these days , at least in western europe armys , basic military service is nothing more than an extended summer camp with weapon drills .
