  only ugly for tourists and visitors . 
  the nice places are outside the tourist zones . 
  have you done so ? 
  cause that area has undergone a lot rennovation and parts are still under construction . 
  small advice : take any central train station in the world ( that is older than a couple of years ) , make awrong turn and tell me how it looks . 
  blatant racism such as this sure demontstrates `` cultural acceptance '' and ends `` bigotry '' ... 
  yes, 
  turkey is a nato member . 
  moving closer to russia is obviously an issue . 
  funny considering how many brits prefer living in spain ... 
  they would just put him on a plane to the us and once he is under arrest would come out saying : ah , well we should n't have , but too late ... 
  he was n't allowed to travel through schengen ; he just did it . 
  and there were certainly mistakes being made , but its a massive task to do all that shit when there are so many different entities involved and not all parties cooperate . 
  the incident investigated is about the fact , that the terrorist could/should have been arrested for drug-trafficking . 
  now you can maybe argue , that the police officers do n't consider drug related incidents as urgent or signifiant enough , but none of that relates to the refugee status or immigration . 
  the main problem being investigated is also the cover up of the whole thing , as the police officers changed documents for that ; which is obviously not allowed . 
  title is fucked up as usual . 
  it was n't `` the police '' that did the cover up , but 2 police officers that messed up and tried to hide their failure . 
  this is not a systemic issue , but the issue of two individuals that are now being investigated . 
  migrants `` pushing their weight '' is a stupid way to look at it , especially considering the time frame . 
  bosnian immigrants did n't push their weight either when they fled from civil war . 
  but the ones that stayed do now and contribute to the economy . 
  and i am not sure how your history knowledge is ( apparently not good ) , but the magyars migrated into europe in the 9th century , destroying existing kingdoms along the way . 
  as such they are not `` native '' to europe like germanic and slavic people . 
  the question is so incredibly stupid that it is pretty much not answerable . 
  what is it you are looking for ? 
  statistics of happy people ? 
  well , but maybe you can go to work on this one : since taking in over 1 million refugees , the german economy has outperformed all other comparable economies . 
  oh and by the way . 
  in 20 years , when the polish and hungarian population has aged to a point where the economy no longer can support the percentage of pensioners , people will wish they had allowed for more immigration . 
  so you want the hungarians to leave as well ? 
  interesting . 
  and immigrants from the mena regions have been an issue in some cases , but also non-issues in many others . 
  there are succesful immigrants from this region in germany , just like there are succesful immigrants from poland or other ee countries . 
  and when it comes to organized crime there are way more problems connected to immigrants from hungary , romania , albania and balkan in general , baltic states and yes , even poland . 
  i wonder if germans should go back to their old attitudes towards polish people , viewing them mainly as uneducated thieves . 
  the polish pm also does n't like to have sub-saharan africans , despite most being devote christians or even catholics . 
  what is the `` native people of europe '' ? 
  so should we kick the hungarians out too ? 
  because the racists of r/europe do n't like dem bloody aliens !, 
  for prove just look at the downotes . 
  not if you consider it a continuum starting from western germany with the both numbers of immigrants and attitudes towards immigrants getting lower and lower moving eastwards . 
  there is enough space for that in civil law as well . 
  so what about those regions and people ? 
  if you take away the economic base , what 's the counter offer ? 
  yes and no . 
  there are proper reasons for the protections , and any country that straight up forgets about these , will run into major issues . 
  when the british farming industry starts dying and the industrial poduction slows down due to cheaper imports , the protests and radicalisation in the rural and industrial areas will become the real issue . 
  in the end its not about gdp numbers , but equality and individual income . 
  it wo n't . 
  all it does , is export jobs to those other countries . 
  the eu offers so many advantages over any fta it 's not even funny to see these strange opinions . 
  inside the eu there was at least an constant form of control for the uk over the whole market that now vanishes . 
  in all seriousness , brexit no matter in which form , will go down as one of the stupidest ( if not no. 1 ) policy decisions post 2nd ww by any 1st world country . 
  lol . 
  italy does n't really get flak for it and if you read the thread , you 'd realize the topic was exactly tabloids . 
  so what is your point ? 
  it 'd say bild , but what should you expect . 
  at the same time these voices were n't really persistent and one should consider that there were campaigns in greece at the same time doing the whole germany/nazi thing , which did n't really go well with many people . 
  its a question of cultural value . 
  in poland , czech republic and germany , having a beer is an important part of the ( everyday ) culture and access very easy . 
  montenegro could be a tipping point though . 
  having montenegro thriving in the eu could very easily sway opinions to a different direction . 
  belgium has the advantage of being both kind of french and kind of german . 
  at least we knew how to handle that family . 
  everytime there is a post about tesla at some point the discussion will appear whether he is serbian or croatian , so the sub has decided that every country can claim him . 
  ( almost like nikolaus kopernikus , the famous german astronomist and mathematician ) . 
  i have the numbers from here where the armutsbericht ( poverty report ) is cited . 
  http://www.zeit.de/wirtschaft/2017-03/armutsbericht-2017-deutschland-paritaetischer-wohlfahrtsverband-faq the interpretation of those numbers is more important anyway , as certain effects that probably do n't belong in their appear there anyway for statistical reasons . 
  for example it includes students , as they earn below the poverty line , but are a somewhat seperate case . 
  it is true , that the social imbalance in germany is an issue , but the percentage of people under the poverty line has `` only '' increased from 14.7 in 2005 to 15.7 in 2017 , so it is not a monumental difference and certainly not doubled . 
  i am not a fan of her social politics , but it is important to use correct numbers and assumptions . 
  the ps has the opportunity to regroup though and win voters back now that hollande is history . 
  i always remember the `` controversy '' when obama told someone on the infrastructure he requires for his business , `` you did n't built that '' . 
  he was 100 % right , but so many took it as an attack on the individual accomplishment , when the truth is this accomplishment is built on communal projects and investments . 
  itt : people too stupid to know the difference between potential terrorist and immigrant . 
  the second term never being mentioned in the article . 
  from all i heard him talk about the whole process , he was n't even intend to actually negotiate , but trying to be right and convince others of his view points . 
  the moment there was disagreement he turned into a sulking child that rathers sits alone in the corner than keep talking to the others . 
  very much like academics work . 
  the solution of a tolerated minority government was used by the spd a couple of times , notably in saxony-anhalt , with the die linke predecessor pds . 
  however , this only worked because the pds was a comparably trustworthy party with a stable core and somewhat experienced politicians . 
  also , the critical issues between spd and die linke are less pronounced on the federal level , like foreign policy for instance . 
  the afd however is a party that is not stable , has no experience , no will of being constructive and major policy points are directed inwards and create major issues even for some of the right-wing cdu people . 
  they talked in person , but not in secrecy . 
  do n't see how not being in secrecy prevents anyone from being educated and smart on the issues discussed . 
  and he worsened the crashing economy on the way . 
  money speaks and erdogan just like may can keep their shtick up just as long as their economy lets them do it . 
  the confidentiality of trade talks only works because national governments give the commision the power to do so . 
  but why should the national governments do the same here ? 
  unlike with the trade deals , they do n't expect this process to be beneficial , so they would rather let the public know of whats happening and not take any responsibility and blame for whatever outcome there will be . 
  the eu appears a lot more pragmatic in their approach though . 
  they have also started to reach out for trade deals globally , knowing fully that they will be ahead of the uk in the negotiations queue wherever they go . 
  not to speak of the famously lack in personell for these tasks within the uk goverment . 
  it 's not a war the uk can win . 
  sickingly true . 
  i think it could also be , because of the media landscape that is very ideology-driven and less pragmatic and factual compared to other countries . 
  if the media joins the train , they rather not leave it even when proven false . 
  thats a great thing to have , but nothing that justifies their evaluation . 
  and since they are part of a joint venture with panasonic i am not even sure how much they are proprietary anyway .
