  and of course it is very difficult to make projections when a number of important factors are pretty much unknown variables , like climate change , or regional/national/international crisis . 
  but there are ways to find holes in the numbers , as i for instance see in the projections for urbanizations . 
  the ugandan census from 2014 for instance has the urbanization rate at over 20 % , but the un at only 14 % . 
  thats a massive difference , and one that significantly effects projections , including those on population growth , as higher ubranization rate in general equals lower birth rate . 
  i would n't expect population growth to suddenly stop by 2050 , but the number of 4bn , almost 4times as much as right now is one that i find very speculative and more a doomsday scenario than reliable projection . 
  in my edit i for instance point towards climate change as a major factor in future demographic developments , and it does n't seem as if they were recognised properly when i look at the numbers for niger . 
  and yes there is a system to it , but because there is no precedent , no one knows if the system is actually applicable . 
  and radical changes in population growth has happened in pakistan for instance where between 1982 and 2002 the growth rate dropped from 3.4 to 1.9 ( currently at 1.7 ) . 
  another edit : one of the issues with the un nd worldbank is , that they rely heavily on quantitative methods for their projections , but we should know by now , that this over and over leads to false results , as the latest corrections to the population growth reports show . 
  but these are some insane projections . 
  they take current developments and project them almost 100 years into the future . 
  at the same time we know that the development in demographics can change dramatically within 20 years . 
  so how can anyone take these seriuously ? 
  these numbers are comparable to worst case climate change scenarios that do n't take development and changing policies into account . 
  i know its cool to throw doomsday scenarios around and stuff , but that does n't make it any more likely . 
  just take the numbers for niger . 
  just taking the projected developments for real , a sustained growth in population would witout a doubt lead to social and political unrest , possibly even civil war , which would again change the population numbers . 
  these numbers by the un and world bank in these long terms projections are just as much speculation as they are based on reliable data , simply as they do n't have any precedent . 
  that is also the main issue with african population growth , as it does n't go like in asia for instance , but fertility rates remaines higher than expected for longer . 
  there is however no reason to believe that this will remain being the case . 
  late edit : coming back to niger . 
  the niger is not only projected to increase its population by the factor 10 !, 
  ( 19million to over 200 million ) it is also projected to be one of the countriest most effected by climate change in africa with massive droughts and desertification . 
  so how is that supposed to match up ? 
  utter nonesense that . 
  i was born in the gdr , so the communist part of germany , but i was actually too young to actually experience it and many things are kind of unknown to not only me but also my family . 
  my father for instance lost his father when he was one year old as he died mysteriously in a prison after being arrested for unknown reasons and my grandmother was only allowed to keep one of her two kids ( luckily for my father it was him ) . 
  towards the end of the gdr my parents were also heavily recruited to become members of the communist part as they both were very active in the community but had no interest in doing so . 
  they suspect they were spied on by some of their friends during this time , but they do n't want to look into their files , just to avoid disappointment . 
  and that is probably one of the worst things of that time . 
  the internal intelligence agency employed like 10 % of the population and no matter who you were with you coud never speak openly . 
  the system also forced people into certain professions , simply because at point x they thought they needed people there only to find out that they were n't really needed after the fall of communism . 
  many personal stories of course were positive . 
  there was social security for everyone and a sense of community not in the least out of necessity . 
  these things fell apart after the reunification and many miss this time specifically for these things . 
  quantitative attitude studies are strange anyway . 
  so its probably best to not give too much about it . 
  over the mid and long run definitely . 
  even the report only talks about an immediate and slight increase and nothing beyond that the projections however go up to 2050 and 2100 . 
  this is not immediate . 
  and if you would just put some small time into reading you would have seen the report was a correction of number just 10 years earlier . 
  the earlier projections had lower numbers and they corrected them . 
  so after just 10 !, 
  years there was a correction and you think projections over 35 and even 85 years are absolutely trustworthy and correct ? 
  however , you might say they had to correct the numbers upwards significantly , which obviously means that the increase will continue to be significantly higher . 
  alright , so then lets get into the nummbers . 
  so why was it necessary to correct the numbers in the first place ? 
  factors had developed differently , both regarding fertility , but also mortality rate has decreased , thereby increasing population growth . 
  life expectancy in these countries has almost sky rocketed so development in one key area affecting population growth had changes , but the other not . 
  so why is that ? 
  the artice does n't talk about it really , so lets look at it seperately . 
  so what contributes to declining population growth ? 
  the article only talkes about family planning and social work , cause , big surprise the writer of the article works for an ngo specialised in this field . 
  one other imprtant factor though is education . 
  https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2015/07/how-education-can-moderate-population-growth/ now the author of your article acts as if nothing would have happend in this sector and everything woud become worse and worse . 
  but is that the case ? 
  literacy rate is on the rise in africa over the past decades , so basic eduaction becomes more and more common and not only among boys but girls as well . 
  another factor is urbanization . 
  here africa is still far behind , but projections see the urbanization rate in africa doubing till 2050 , and this still seems rather low as most urbanization happens in smaller urban centres which are as of yet often times not registered in the numbers by the un . 
  thats is also why the numbers on urbanization by the nations statistical bureaus are in general a lot higher than the un numbers . 
  there are also a number of reasons not mentioned at all , especially concerning economic developments or land ownership that will have a signifanct impact on demographic development . 
  and these things should not be ignored . 
  you were talking about me pulling things out of my arse , but the truth is , the article you posted is . 
  it uses very high estimations on purpose to create an image of an impending catastrophe to gain nothing else than money for the authors ngos projects . 
  it ignores outher development like increasing education by dismissing any advances and recent developments . 
  it also ignores technological and demographic development that will also effect the population growth significantly , like urbanization . 
  now if you wonder why i think i know what i am talking about . 
  i work in uganda , also known as the country with the 2nd highest population growth just behind niger and i know many people working in public health and education and the truth is , things are starting to change . 
  the developments of the past 20 years will not be the same over the next 20 years and certainly not over any longer period of time . 
  edit : i had editted the article one minute after posting it , as i had forgotten to finish a paragraph, 
  but these projections are highly speculative and barely account for other democraphic changes , such as urbanization rate . 
  popualtion growth is projected to be higher on the short term , but not in the long run . 
  the estimations regarding the development of urbanization in africa also appear to be way to little . 
  in general any estimation that goes beyond 2050 should be taken very very carefully . 
  greece in general is funny . 
  do n't like anyone except for china and russia ? 
  i know there is a connection with russia , but especially china is really strange . 
  where are these projections from ? 
  birth rates are projected to decline significanty and there is no reason to believe , that there will ever be four billion people living in africa . 
  and population growth mostly happens in places that are not overpopulated yet . 
  many people overestimate the density of population and underestimate the agricultural potential . 
  the question of french is also unlikely to move the way you project . 
  english is slowing creaping forward in western africa and is likely to become more revelant as the international lingua franca of that region , especially since the richest countries of this region are the english speaking ones . 
  with the congo it will be interesting to see if they will at some point decide to integrate into the eastern african community , which would make sense historically and politically . 
  they already have kiswahili as a common language , but the official language of the eac is still english and since rwanda has already shifted towards engish i can imagine that the education policy in the congo might put more emphasis on english at some point as well . 
  this map is not from the 9th-12th century and the cultural and linguistic connection between norway and iceland was certainly not as tight as the one between denmark and norway by this time . 
  norwegian by that time had already changed its morphosyntactial structure , parallel to the developments in denmark and sweden . 
  icelandic had not . 
  having learned old norsk i am also able to read some icelandik . 
  reading and understanding norwegian on the other side is possible by knowing swedish or danish . 
  cultural similarities are therefor rather to be expected between the countries with a similar development and not between to countries that were essentay seperated for centuries . 
  the cultural differences between denmark and norway are not that big and in 1630/44 i can definitely imagine them as part of a cultural/linguistic continuum . 
  austria would be way too small and who should then occuupy all the left areas ? 
  not like europe was overcrowded after wwii . 
  and more importantly , the ethnic germans had very little desire to be under danish rule at that time . 
  there is no reason to believe an even bigger ( far bigger tbh ) group of ethnic germans would suddenly decide to integrate after many decades of nationalism in germany . 
  thats way too much area to clear for way too few poles and czechs . 
  ethnic germans would have become huge minorities with the potential to completey destabilize those countries . 
  the same goes for france . 
  the dutch would have even become a minority , maybe the danish as well and austria would most likely have continued the german national tradition until the inevitable next great war .
