  are you serious ? 
  berlin has cut back on public spending like crazy and actually balanced their budget . 
  it 's actually an example for the way pressure from above can help turn things around . 
  sorry , but there is no comparison to what belgium did to congo as a colony . 
  and certainly not germany , whose colonies were economic desasters . 
  yep , stealing and scavanging , slavery and brutality ; the true foundation of the belgian wealth . 
  they do . 
  do n't worry . 
  and refer them to the sanders ama , as i doubt they have any redditors amongst them . 
  as a backup also keep his home office in mind . 
  these are his personal workers he knows the best and they could be a positive voice edit : brag about reddit as much as possible, 
  would be hard these days , as it would have to go through the spd campaign office . 
  would have been way easier one or two years ago . 
  but maybe reddit can contact the office and try arranging something bernie sanders style . 
  there is no way he will be reelected . 
  he is on a mission to destroy the us economy and its external relations at the moment . 
  it seems you are overthinking this . 
  germans are the biggest ( or second biggest ) immigrant group in switzerland . 
  i think like 300.000 people . 
  especially in zurich there many germans . 
  well there obviously would have to be an anschlu\u00df of b\u00f6hmen anyway , so why not the take whole thing including m\u00e4hren and schlesien . 
  at some point esthetics have to reign supreme over politics . 
  the german speaking part of switzerland is already inhabited by german citizens anyway, 
  seems we have to take it then as well ... got ta do whatcha got ta do, 
  well , as someone with considerable experience in that field i would say that , codified rights are not very important in many countries , as the social reality is dominated by social constrains and norms that are not codified by law . 
  and the negation of gender roles does not show any correlation with increased happiness . 
  trade . 
  norway has a huge trade surplus with the eu and its key industries depend on the free access to the eu market . 
  especially since the metal industry is heavily protected against by all global players . 
  you might have missed it , but the uk wants to be the ` champion ' of free trade ; and for india free trade means freedom of movement . 
  your stance on the european court is very odd . 
  it seems you prefer living in a dictatorship that bullies its citizenship rather than a greater organization that guarantees indivual freedom ? 
  so , you would rather live in iran , than in the us ? 
  leaving the convention of human rights is a major goal of may and ` buildin on these laws ' is a strange argument , when you consider that these laws were mostly written by brits . 
  makes you wonder , where it goes then ? 
  snooper 's charter should be a hint though . 
  they are part of efta and therefor part of the single market . 
  they are far from being isolated , but are part of a bloc . 
  and many many many countries became rich during industrialization , and that did n't make them as rich as norway and definitely not through periods of deindustrialization . 
  oil was/is a huge factor in this . 
  more than a fifth of the gdp comes from oil and gas . 
  yes you are right . 
  mixed that up . 
  but they are part of efta and the eea and trade deals have to comply with these regulations . 
  through these they are part of the single market . 
  this means that norway will also be affected by ceta , despite not being part of the negotiations . 
  that is the bild , which is a tabloid , but probably still not on the level of express . 
  capital goes where business is . 
  excess to money will be of no problem for the eu even without free access to london . 
  the capital will just shift to a place where the access is available . 
  money is very pragmatic . 
  wait , are comparing the spiegel with the express ? 
  der spiegel is a serious and highly regarded news outlet . 
  it is slightly left leaning , but constantly features conservative view points as well as left ones . 
  so either you have no idea of what you are talking about , or you are one of these ultra-right `` fake-news '' conspiracy tin-foild hat wielders . 
  free movement with india and china , being under the jurisdiction of secret courts , no convention of human rights , no guarantees for personal rights . 
  the european court is a pretty great thing if you are an individual , as it helps secure especially those rights against governments . 
  i do n't really think you have spent enough time researching what you talk about . 
  oh man ... using norway as the example of how to do things is ... well ... not very smart ... ?!?!? 
  norway got rich selling oil and only having a small popualtion . 
  they focussed on social security and education for all . 
  and surprise surprise , they are part of the european block . 
  despite not being part the eu , they are part of the european common market and are therefor part of all trade agreements the eu makes , they just have no say in them ... 
  it absolutely is . 
  i also wish that the troika would leave room for more investment , but the structural reforms in greece are constantly being questioned and back tracked on , making greece a not very reliable partner unfortunately . 
  reliability is the most important quality for any positive commitment , but with the constant threat of clientele politics by all parties this seems not achievable . 
  before talking about the debt of eastern germany at that time you might want to look up the numbers first . 
  the debt was minuscule compared not only to greece but pretty much every economy on earth . 
  the issue was that socialism sucks donkey ass and had failed to modernize industries . 
  and eastern germany went through harsh reforms and changes and negative growth on all levels as well . 
  lots of investments were also wasted entirely , as they funded infrastructure in places that were soon depopulated . 
  so not a good argument for throwing money at the issues . 
  it 's is structural reforms with long term goals that lead to success . 
  so it is not corruption , cleptocratic attitudes , lack of sense of community , accountability and work ethic that caused greece to take on more debt than anyone else , but the banks that gave it them ? 
  did they force them at gun point to take it or how did that look like ? 
  the attitude you describe will not stop if you throw more good money after the bad money . 
  its like being a drug addict to public service jobs and whoever promises the most and best public service jobs gets elected . 
  thats not a cycle that can be broken with more money . 
  banks made mistakes too , but they did n't force anyone to take on debt . 
  and the market conditions were the same for everyone . 
  just happened so that only greece fucked up so royally that there seems to be no end in sight . 
  and it hardly matters if greeks blame themselves , if they constantly punish politicians that want to solve the issues in favour of those making more promises . 
  well , just look here . 
  lots of great answers : https://www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/5oqbo4/what_did_germany_do_after_wwii_that_made_it/, 
  the show continues . 
  no sense of accountabilty and responsibility for ones own actions , but talking about generations past . 
  and i was born in eastern germany . 
  no marshall plan , no foreign aid , but russians taking everything they could get their hands on . 
  but it is good that you prove the point , that the problem of greece is first of all a cultural one . 
  yeah yeah yeah , do n't look at us , look to the others , but please not at us . 
  we are soo innocent , right ? 
  its always one excuse after the other . 
  and greece leaving the eu would resulted in complete bankrupcy . 
  his plan b was complete bonkers and would have crushed greece in record time as no foregin bank or partner of any kind would have ever touched greece again . 
  with a structural deficit like the one of greece , the result would have been catastrophic . 
  germany had no cultural and structural issues though . 
  there was just yesterday i think a discussion on the front page that talked about this . 
  without changes to the culture , things will never get better . 
  sorry , but since greece is the only country with such severe issues , the source of this crisis can only be found within the country and not outside . 
  but calling for others to help clean up your own mess is most likely just another symptom of the greek internal issues .
