  and that is for good reason , as the purpose of such a service time is not to make anyone a war machine , or whatever , but simply to improve recruitment . 
  it used to be the best way for the military to recruit officers and people with high potential and/or technical skills . 
  with military service gone though , most applicants have low education levels and are therefor not fit for the important jobs within a modern army . 
  you obviously have no idea how military service in the 21st century looks like . 
  so why did you exclude the idiodic foreign policy of die linke , including leaving nato . 
  or how you portray the spd as hating the former spd-party members when it is actually the other way round . 
  just look at lafontaine and his utter hatred for his former party beyond any reasoning . 
  this btw goes down to the local levels of this party . 
  die linke in reality is not one single party , but actually two . 
  a fundamental and completely oppositional part in the west , with no actual interest in governing , and a progressive part in the east with a long tradition not only in governing , but also in cooperating with the spd . 
  as long as this division within that party is not resolved , there is no way of including them in any coalition . 
  i am not sure why people see wide spread entrepreneurship as a great thing , considering there is little correspondance to actual wealth or income . 
  well martin sonneborn , the build-a-wall-and-throw-people-over-it-guy is a political satirist and has had a few honestly great moments in parliament , being a legit critical voice . 
  if they wanted to support him , they would have voted . 
  he does n't actually . 
  only about 40 % of eligible people vote , and in germany about 60 % of those voted akp . 
  so about 1 in 4 of those allowed to vote . 
  not a majority . 
  lol . 
  which is why media coverage and regulations are important . 
  i would rather argue , that sanders has actual experience in being a leader as a major for an extended period of time , where he had to make decisions and stand for them . 
  corbyn on the hand just views himself as someone opposing others with no desire to lead anything . 
  women abolutely can , but men are way less likely to report domestic abuse and have no support networks , even when commited to a hospital . 
  thats a gross simplification . 
  the reason they did n't go back , was that they still had their jobs when their children had finished school and started their own families . 
  and why should people that work fulltime and contribute to the economy be forced to leave ? 
  the murder of a german tourist group in istanbul is still in people 's mind . 
  not right now . 
  too dangerous . 
  sorry but that is not true at all . 
  in many big cities in germany people of turkish decent are just as accepted as others . 
  they are a part of german culture without acting in some stereotypical `` german '' way . 
  and for the majority of germans with turkish decent this seems to be true , as the participation in the turkish elections is getting less and less . 
  it 's dead wasteland almost . 
  mv has a very low population density . 
  its really cool for vacation , but not so much for living outside of the bigger cities . 
  true in general , but when it comes to military , uganda should not be overlooked . 
  there is a reason they are one of the closest us allies in africa ( and probably the world ) . 
  well ... uganda is one of the most militarized countries in africa and heavily involved in somalia and the south sudan . 
  lived in uganda for a while . 
  very peaceful country these days , and people living on little money does not translate directly into crime in a country with such low ubranization rate ( lots of subsitance farming with little to no income but also no shortage of food ) . 
  i would 've thought it 'd be crime that lowers the us score . 
  edit : grammar edit2 : whats up with those grammar bots ? 
  climate chang is obviously a massive challenge and migration has to be tackled differently than we do now . 
  that is for sure , but also more of mid to long term project . 
  connecting the war in syria with a drought is also way too simplistic . 
  there is/was enough food available . 
  its not weather that causes hunger , but politics . 
  the refugee crisis is also not as bad as it was one or two years ago and has pretty much exited the news cycle . 
  turkey seems very reluctant to do so if polls a correct . 
  it s just that erdogan is trying to force the populace to vote his way . 
  turkey does n't allow independent journalism , so why should they allow western influence ? 
  just hinting at being crititcal of the government gets you jailed . 
  `` robust '' = massive inflation ? 
  the tourist sector has been hit massively already and turkey has been scratched off the list of holiday destinations by millions already , in other words , the economy is in bad shape already . 
  the still existing growth is to a large extent artificial to keep people quit till the election . 
  the inflation is an indicator for things to come though . 
  thats unfortunate . 
  i know quite a few , even just around the corner from me . 
  ( live in cologne ), 
  they were not arrested though ... 
  it is a massive story in germany and a highly political case . 
  it basically dominates the news currently . 
  sudan has no pirates , but oil , sharia and the nile . 
  they are technically not sentenced for life , but they are being put into preventive detention after their initial sentence . 
  unlimited incarceration is unconstitutional following the european court of human rights . 
  being sentenced for life does n't really mean what it says . 
  even though there is no specific limit to the duration of incarceration , there is a minimum of 15 years attached to it , as the convict can ask for parole from that point forward . 
  the average time of incarceration for those cases is 17-20years and unlimited imprisonment is considered unconstitutional , so that the incarceration needs to end at some point ( that is not clearly defined ) , unless a court sees a permanent danger coming from the convicted person and orders for preventive detention following the end of the initial sentence ( so it is technically not part of the sentence itself ) . 
  tl ; dr : not really for life , people can leave prison after 15 years minimum . 
  carnival and intolerance do n't mash well . 
  i know this is petty , but there might be people reading this ( unlikely but still ) and its better they do n't read your obnoxious lies about a place you have probably never been to , know nothing about and do n't speak the language of . 
  you also do n't know the laws regarding gun use , or else would n't continue posting stupid made up rules that do n't exist in the place this is taking place . 
  or do n't you even wonder , why the police had to justify them not shooting at the persons legs , if that was n't a general requirement ? 
  why do n't you just go back to your shooting range and dream of being a gun-wielding super-hero instead of spreading lies and false information about another country ? 
  this getting rediculous because you continue showing your lack of knowledge and are also incapable of reading the proper sources . 
  but i keep posting them anyway . 
  so here is an article discussing the training of police regarding the use of their guns : http://www.augsburger-allgemeine.de/panorama/nach-axt-attentat-wann-duerfen-polizisten-toeten-id38546542.html and i quote : `` im schie\u00dftraining \u00fcben die beamten , m\u00f6glichst so zu treffen , dass der schuss nicht t\u00f6dlich ist , zum beispiel im bein '' english translation : `` in their shooting drills the officers train to shoot in a way , that the shot is not deadly , for instance in the leg . '', 
  quoting foxnews outs you anyway . 
  so no rational conversation happening here . 
  get back to your beloved t_d world edit : but just in case anyone is interested , here is a list of incidents where german police injured a suspect from 1993 to the middle of 2016 . 
  nothing `` anecdotal '' about this . 
  do n't worry about him . 
  in another comment i had posted examples of the german police shooting suspects in their limbs to stop them and he suddenly stopped responding . 
  just another wannabe gun-expert that would be laughed at at every village sch\u00fctzenverein for his abysmal shooting skills . 
  so you still spookin around in this thread , after i schooled you on your lack of knowledge regarding police work in germany ? 
  i do n't like quoting myself , so just follow the other conversation after this comment and you will see that i posted some recent ( last 6 month ) news articles of incidents where german police stopped an attacker with a knife by shooting him in the leg . 
  this practice is very common among the german police forces and has nothing to do with fantasy . 
  the fact that people from the us ca n't seem to fathom that is only telling about the level of training their police has . 
  sorry , but at some point you just have to accept that you are talking out of your behind . 
  shooting an attacker with a knife in his leg is common practice in the german police force . 
  i am trained in shooting both p8 and glock and there is no indication that the distance was in anyway this far . 
  shooting at a leg from a distance like 15 meters is absolutely possible . 
  also , it has to be noted that the target was hit with only one bullet and not dozens , as is often the case in the us . 
  he is not dead , so it seems they were able to handle it pretty well . 
  shooting someone in the leg , hand , shoulder or slaughtering the person with 50 bullets is big difference -, 
  the assumption is very flawed . 
  the turkish community is just very big and the akp has an influence on them through the ditib , a religious organization controlled by the turkish government . 
  they used be in cooperation with german officials on many topics , for instance in fghting islamism in germany . 
  since the recent development in turkey , the relationship between ditib and the german officials has changed drastically though .
