  `` you demons , let him go ! '', 
  `` i have the real medicine . 
  my herbs will heal him '' - he had a car accident and was not wearing the seatbelt `` nah , i know what he got '' `` that 's just a scratch '' `` he do n't need surgery , just ma love '', 
  and you pull them out of surgery mid procedure cause they have suffered enough ? 
  greece was fucked up before already . 
  a country does n't show up on the steps of bankruptcy unmitigated, 
  as i said mostly . 
  the term was a lot more `` popular '' 20 years ago than now . 
  and the derogatory use still exists certainly , since assholes are still around . 
  it 's an out of use term mostly now and more likely to be found among groups of immigrants themselves . 
  the only people i heard use the word in the last few years ( decade ) were of turkish descent . 
  sometimes still used derogatory , sometimes as self-identification . 
  the term kanakisch is used to refer to youth slang/language as well , however mostly void of an ethnic component , instead having more of an element of social class . 
  unfortunately . 
  and i think what people do n't realize that wish for greece to just file for bankrupy , that this would be one of the first things to happen . 
  all pensions gone forever and no money for social security either . 
  without the troika greece would be a case for the red cross, 
  or their pensions . 
  its only an investment after all . 
  true . 
  i am finishing my phd currently in a female dominated field and come from a working class background . 
  there are networking events for women everywhere , even in areas where they already make up 70 + % of the people , but no one cares for your social background . 
  i know this is kind of dangerous to say in the current social environment , but the truth is , that the focus on girls and women in our society and in education has left a lot of young boys , especially from less educated backgrounds , way behind and almost forced them into these traditional and conservative ideologies . 
  those laws in switzerland do n't even exist . 
  they only say that companies have to invite swiss applicants first , but not who they should hire . 
  and even that is really sketchy in relations to the four freedoms and will be challenged the moment someone feels discriminated by it . 
  it 's just wolf tickets . 
  please inform yourself better before making such claims . 
  also , your explaination of the word dependend is completely irrelevant , as these statements are most likely translations from german into english . 
  the bbc is just to shady to credit the source of these words as they do not come from a bbc interview . 
  apart from that you could also include this quote from the article :  better to have a hard brexit that works by the president of the bdi , the far more important industry lobby . 
  many turks in europe come from the rural and very conservative parts of turkey and keep their traditional concepts of family and morale . 
  for a eu educated woman however there might be the opportunity to go to istanbul to study without family supervision and in a modern and open environment and with turkish men around them that are turkish , muslim , but still modern and educated . 
  nice to see your link disproving your claim . 
  lol . 
  instead of :  750,000 jobs were dependent ** exclusively ** on uk trade it says :  750,000 jobs in germany depend on the trade with the united kingdom so not exclusively , which is a massive difference . 
  if it was exclusively it could n't not be replaced with other trading partners . 
  you also completely ignore that he is advocating a single-market or efta-deal , where the four freedoms are always a part of that . 
  something emphasized many times and i do n't see any claim by any european official that would deny the uk a deal like that . 
  so the inscenuated rift between politicians and economy lobbyists does n't exist even . 
  yeah i am gon na need source on that 750.000 jobs claim . 
  sounds bullshit, 
  we had a really good run of politicians so far ; and many with incredible individual stories that did n't involve being born with wealth and into political or economic dynasties . 
  voting someone out of office is still highly unusual . 
  it only happened to kohl after 16 years in office and to schr\u00f6der , who only lost by the slimmest margin in history , despite being way behind in the polls for the longest time . 
  is this controversial ? 
  reaching from the language policy , over racist tendencies in the police , to the acceptance of anti-islamic and anti-semitic rhetoric by political leaders , it is rather common knowledge that france has an issue with racism that it likes to ignore as much as possible . 
  the imperialistic policies of france are also well documented , as france still holds power over their former colonies that far far exceeds anything the british have in their former colonies . 
  you could say that they act as stabilizers , but it should be asked why the former french colonies are so much less stable than the former british ones in the first place . 
  that argument comes up a lot , but what people always forget is , these countries had economic issues when having their own currencies as well . 
  the greek economy was in deep trouble many times and entering the eurozone was supposed to help end that cycle . 
  devaluing your currency is not without consequences and robs the middle class of their savings . 
  hyperinflations are not fun and games either . 
  the rich of course have no issue with it , as they invest their money in other currencies . 
  i sometimes belive people just stop thinking whenever they bring up that argument , especially when the next sentence talks about neo-liberalism . 
  pick a sch\u00e4uble interview if you want to keep referring to him instead of this woman . 
  she is bar any powers . 
  its a discussion that turns agressive because of melenchon and on the other side is someone speaking in a foreign , probably 3rd language , feeling attacked and becoming aggrevated . 
  what i took from this is that melenchon has no manners . 
  wonder if he would come on a german talk show and repeat these things speaking german . 
  france is more to the left on some issues , but more to the right on others . 
  they have strong workers and union rights , but have racist and imperialistic policies as well . 
  `` fair '' ... maybe the political instability within these countries has something to do with their economic situation . 
  and that instability is not a result of the eu , but was present way before . 
  lol . 
  a noname from the ep is being sold as a leader of the party ? 
  oh my ... i really hate the cdu , but come on ... 
  time passes by and people forget . 
  in germany the liberals took a massive hit after being elected into government as well ( and lying and cheating ) and suddenly they come back kreeping in ; and that without being the only viable option on the most important political issue for almost half the country . 
  if labour fails to make a compelling argument on brexit and the libdems come out blazing with an all out pro-europe campaign , these young voters will have a hard time staying with corbyn . 
  this is now a full on national coverage campaign and corbyn can no longer hide from tough questions without looking a donkey . 
  not sure his supporters are gon na like what they see . 
  the libdems have a serious chance of overtaking them in the metropolitan areas and that could probably mean exactly that . 
  the end of labour . 
  it has happened in other countries in recent years as well ( greece ) and it can happen in the u.k. too . 
  their base is majority anti-brexit and if they ca n't capitalize on that . 
  they can just as wel cease to exist, 
  we have introduced a minimum wage and changing some of these laws is at least part of the political discussion . 
  the effects are most likely overstated though . 
  germany has run a heavy campaign to reduce public debt though , decreasing public investment below what is necessary imo . 
  yes , it is . 
  companies in other eu countries have the advantage of lower costs for wages while still having the same market access . 
  and many eastern european countries are able to take advantage of that . 
  countries that acted responsible and strategic are in a good spot right now . 
  the ones that did n't are not . 
  political failures can not be reduced to systematic issues . 
  every system has issues and it is the politicians job to identify opportunities and difficulties within them . 
  i do n't believe that changing the system would change the results if the management within these systems is not competent . 
   how does a law that says you literally ca n't divorce your husband unless he fucks another woman in broad daylight and leaves behind solid evidence protect women more than one that says you can leave whenever you want ? 
  til , only women want divorce . 
  men never . 
   she has no solid , tangible leverage , just some vague bs about society looking down on men who mistreat their women these things are called traditional values , and conservative politicians like to hold them up high . 
  if you are a conservative woman , you might want these people be the role models and leaders of your country . 
   my entire extended family lives in egypt . 
  i have an absurd number of examples of this idealized conservative society chewing both men and women up , ruining their lives completely and trashing all their potential yes , conservative societies can be shit as hell . 
  modern societies can be shit as hell as well . 
  divorce rates are sky high , suicide numbers as well . 
  more and more people suffer from psychological illnesses . 
  poverty is on the rise . 
  people start their families later and later in life , many remain alone forever .
