  you do n't seem to understand . 
  you can only differentiate between a law-abiding citizen and a criminal or terrorist after the crime or act of terrorism is commited . 
  and the most dangerous kind of terrorist is exactly the law-abiding good guy that got radicalised at home through the internet or tv . 
  that is what everyone is afraid of . 
  the orlando shooter is one of these examples . 
  and obtaining a gun illegally is a lot harder than people think in europe and security agencies have way higher chances to catch a potential terrorist if he is active on the black-market , as they have an eye on that . 
  and as far as i think , catching a terrorist before he murders dozens of people is a million times preferential to a civilian that happens to have a gun because of that killing him after he murdered them . 
  terrorists are citizens until they commit an act of terror, 
  the problem with bad people is , you never know they are bad until its too late . 
  and allowing people to carry guns in public is pretty much an invitation for terrorists . 
  especially the kind that security agencies are the most scared of ; the home-radicalised lone-wolf that you have no idea even existed before he acts . 
  i am not sure this guy really knows what he is dealing with . 
  whats also funny is how he states that experience in other countries would prove this would be beneficial when it actually looks to be quite the opposite when you look at the us . 
  more weapons for terrorists is hardly a solution to these issues . 
  but the easiest way for terrorist to obtain weapons is through places were they are easily available . 
  opening a legal gun market also increases the possibilities for an illegal one . 
  this headline is wrong . 
  the critical passages were not removed by the labor ministry , but the office of the chancellor . 
  the labor ministry is currently fighting to keep the passages in the report . 
  i think this is group reffered to as `` gypsies '' . 
  before the syrian refugee crisis asylum seekers came mostly from romania , bulgaria and albania and in most cases these were sinti or roma . 
  so he asked for a group of people that is not referenced in the article . 
  but why ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  as an afghan there is at the moment about 0 % chance for you to stay , unless you can show that you are being prosecuted for political or personal reasons . 
  and right now there is a case where an afghan is being deported despite having a job and not being illiterate or anything . 
  and for those cases it can be considered whethere having a job should prevent deportation . 
  his statement clearly implies that the illiterate afghan would be the standard immigrant case . 
  why else bring it up ? 
  i just pointed out that they are trying to give people that qualify the ability to get a job , to which your response was : `` and care to tell how red-red-greens are going to provide these to illiterate afghans '' i hope you recognize your own quote here . 
  nowhere did i specify the ethnic or regional background of the people this applies to . 
  the qualification was then given by your post , when you asked for `` illiterate afghans '' making my unspecified remark a specified one . 
  now just in case you actually asked that for a specific reason , maybe you have friend who is an illiterate afghan or are one yourself and are here with someones assitence , then the answer is not very optimistic i fear . 
  as an illiterate afghan there is likely no chance for you to stay in germany or europe in general as you do n't qualify for asylum and you are also not qualified for a job or trainee program . 
  so deportation it is . 
  you want me to quote your own post ? 
  seems you can read , so please just do it yourself . 
  so all refugees are illiterate afghans ? 
  thats new to me , but you seem an expert . 
  care to ellaborate ? 
  what this says is not for them to just be tolerated , but to provide opportunities to stay in a regular and legal way , i.e. 
  by getting a regular , well paying job . 
  also , the ability to bring over your family is only granted for those that get full asylum , which for most syrians and afghans is not the case anyway . 
  taking shit out of context and lying about ther meaning is a hobby for the right wing redditors , but being a bit less lazy about it would at least make in interesting . 
  that is shocking . 
  i met a number of students and professors of that university a couple of month ago . 
  they were all very open and liberal people so i truely find it a shame that they are attacked in this way by the russian authorities . 
  yes , in rural areas its telekom all the way for the most part . 
  but even there municipalities and communities are more likely to create better infrastructure than telekom . 
  dezentralised infrastructure is the way forward . 
  other companies build their own infrastructure . 
  in cologne and surrounding areas the municipality owned netcologne company has its own glass fiber network . 
  also , cable providers offer fast internet in many places as well . 
  you should n't compare the eastern german `` linke '' with the western german one . 
  they are two different parties essentially and i would certainly not call the eastern german one a `` communist '' party . 
  the success of right wing movements , imo , comes down to cultural and economical reasons , but that would be a long discussion . 
  more importantly however , even in those states no right wing party has ever come close to being part of a government or being big enough to claim any involvment in governing so far and i does n't seem like that is going to happen in the near future either . 
  edit : just saw your charts . 
  they look pretty good to me . 
  unemployment down , standard of living getting closer , income growing . 
  and the differene between the economial systems between west and east germany were far greater than germany and italy . 
  greece is a special case , but i do n't see that as unsolvable . 
  that is why there is freedom of movement . 
  less succesful countries will depopulated until they improve their policy . 
  and the comparison to eastern germany is absolutely correct , as that is what happened there . 
  the advantage now is though , that there is prior experience about this process and i doubt there will be investment programms to the same level . 
  and in the long run unification turned out a success it seems . 
  i think he was more hoping for change in finland , not you guys making it even worse for them . 
  those poor finish alcoholics ... 
  i wish there would actually be something like the us peace corp. 
  i met many of them during my time in uganda and they pretty much were all great people and doing very good work , mostly in education . 
  unfortunately this is nothing like it . 
  absolutely . 
  but it is very frustrating . 
  because the numbers of meps these people are pretty remote even from the members of their parties . 
  i mean maybe they go some meetings to introduce themselves , but thats it . 
  its a shame . 
  i somehow feel that the kind of people that venture into professional politics right now is very far from what we need in politicians . 
  its pretty second or third rate unfortunately . 
  so there you go . 
  you have parties and meps who actually give a crap . 
  also , i totally understand why people are less interested in the ep elections . 
  i mean , we have elections for city council , mayor , state parliament and federal parliament and then on top an election for ep where noone knows who the people are , where they are from , what they stand for , what their goals are and what they actually do . 
  an mep that does n't care about making himself known to the constituency before and definitely during the term is not worth being reelected in my view , as they have ultimately failed their purpose and done a disservice to the people , their parties , the parliament and democracy in general . 
  the flag is of northrhine westfalia , so germany . 
  i think for smaller countries this might be different and especially belgium since your meps are basically working from home , so they can be present very easily . 
  in germany however people only know martin schulz and even with him the spd is not sure if he is known enough to run for chancellor ( or at least were before he made a stronger push into domestic politics ) . 
  but if you ask germans who elmar brok is , at least 90 % had no clue . 
  and he is one of the most powerful people in european politics . 
  not to speak of any other . 
  i think the best known mep from germany besides schulz is actually martin sonneborn and he is freakin satirist !, 
  and i disagree that people should inform themselves . 
  it is the job of an mep or mp to communicate with their constituency . 
  otherwise we would n't need them . 
  any bureaucrat could do the job just as good if not better . 
  meps are completely anonymous and people only vote for parties , if they vote at all . 
  there are absolutely zero checks and balances on the performance of meps as noone , not even the members of their parties know anything about them . 
  meps are absolutely free to be incompetent , would be nice if they were n't though . 
  i am a member of party and i was campaigning for my party in the last ep elections , would never do it again though . 
  meps are completely anonymous and absent from teir constituents and do nothing to give the ep the much needed democratic base .
