  it is unlikely that gulen himself played a role , '' the document said . 
  using likely here is as uncommitend as possible with anything else being the open accusation of it being staged and causing a massivee international crisis . 
  the report also stated this : `` the huge wave of arrests in the days following the coup attempt was already previously prepared . 
  the coup was just a catalyst for the crackdown prepared in advance , '' the intelligence report said . 
  lol . 
  certifications ... the sale of indulgencies of modern times with samee effectiveness . 
  just stop being a hypocrit . 
  thats all . 
  first of all , death penalty is disgusting and should not exist period . 
  second of all , the environment argument is so incredibly stupid and makes me angry beyond imagination . 
  if you really think that way why do n't you start by killing yourself on account of owning a computer , sell phone , industrial fabricated clothing , eating mass produced food and possiby ownong a car in general ? 
  so stop being on your high horse . 
  thats not just excessive but simply insane tbh . 
  there is no proof of it actually being a coup either . 
  it being staged was already suspected when it happened/started . 
  which is why the international community was so slow . 
  international intelligence agencies never considered this to be real . 
  ditib has fallen completely out of favor the last year though . 
  times have changed and the harsh reaction is mainly a sign of fear . 
  the turkish government knows that there is a actual interest in a liberal , western islam . 
  especially among those with turkish heritage . 
  such a fire can last for many many hours , even days . 
  these firestorms burn through the wood in minutes and just keep moving . 
  sorry , but the truth for all people that want to work in an executive positions , regardless of the field , the most important ability is to serve multiple roles . 
  the issue is more that in the current environment the best people just do n't become politicians anymore . 
  thats why they suck . 
  politicians these days are usually the mediocre ones that are smart enough to understand their role but stupid enough to not try and fix the systemic issues . 
  she is a politician . 
  elected as a leader among her people . 
  she is not the accountant . 
  that is not correct . 
  in times of crisis/disaster the acting political leaders have to show up . 
  and usually they do . 
  municipalities are actually handicapped by this and in reality it costs the tax payer extra money due to lack of experts . 
  the problem is , everyone wants to be reelected and have the nice numbers on their own side . 
  so shit just keeps falling down to the lowest levels , the municipalities . 
  foreign language skills are not very common in spain compared to other european countries . 
  you also have to consider that a big part of government jobs are with the municipalities . 
  and while the government and most states run on a very comfortable budget , the situation for the municipalities looks a lot different . 
  not the least because the government puts the burden of social security on them without proper compensation ( also part of the reforms ) . 
  as a result municipalities are heavily understaffed . 
  save investments are not for rich people only but support insurances , pensions fonds and small banks as well . 
  the change in direction however was entirely banked by companies and their executives . 
   it could have been possibly sustainable that idea is madness . 
  no country on earth can provide such a system for its employees . 
  the system meant that people are payed longer for not working than they were working in the first place . 
  and its interesting how you complain about the military spending , but this was done by democratically elected governments as well . 
  friede springer probably . 
  yes . 
  the extension never should have happened after a deal and strategy had finally been reached . 
  that is correct . 
  and i am sure the echr will take this into account in this case as well . 
  which is why i am very confident that the ruling will favor the wife . 
  edit : in cases of divorce i think sharia law might even favor women . 
  that would be a strange decision considering the echr has so far very strongly stood on side of human rights . 
  i do n't see how this will change in such a case . 
  this is not even remotely comparable to the case here . 
  in the case of arbitrators both sides have to agree on it . 
  in this case here , the person has decided to not abide by the sharia law and made a will . 
  the echr has very little regard for political context but is simply there to apply the law . 
  and as has been stated before me , this case appears a very likely win for the woman as the law here directly discriminates against her and her deceased husband . 
  so what it does is create a competetive environment that forces everyone to clean their shit up while also providing assitance . 
  could be worse . 
  tough to say even if the euro was wrong . 
  one could argue that it did n't help greece or portugal , but it 's not like they did any better with their own currencies . 
  the system of control by the europgroup could even be a positive in the long term there . 
  i think the uk will have to leave and face the harsh reality of global economics for themselves . 
  i also think that they at some point will have join some global political block . 
  that can be the eu , but maybe they want to align themselves with someone else ( us ? 
  yep . 
  usually by 18:30 local time you know the numbers plus/minus 1, 
  the erdogan way, 
  more like 21 ... 
  well then i take the opportunity to ask you describe to me the culture of your place . 
  so far it seems to only consist of asking idiotic questions on reddit and lack of intelligence is a general trait in people from your place of origin ? 
  really depends on the location . 
  with aldi it seems the richer the area the higher the quality . 
  you could just use rotterdam or amsterdam as place of export and the whole thing fails . 
  since there are no tariffs within the eu , a company can just process the export through a different member state . 
  some of your last pointss seem to be rather theoretic . 
  regional parties can be equally strong in a pr , and are so in real life . 
  in germany it is the csu which is a regional bavarian party , that even though being associated with the cdu ( merkel party ) , are a seperate entity , with its own party leaders that does not act in unison with them . 
  two party systems are failing currently , having major democracy issues . 
  both the us and the uk are currently in political chaos as a result . 
  regarding radicalness , i doubt anyone can argue that actually worked with trump as president in the us . 
  and even the uk had a hard core right winger as pm for a long time . 
  i rather seems , that the radicals have an easier time to come into power in a fptp system , as they just have to infiltrate one of the two major parties and already by default have a decent enough chaance of winning , whereas is in a pr they have to actually compete , convince and win over a majority of the voters . 
  case in point is the netherlands recently . 
  in some way the fptp works like a leverage effect , where the radicals only have to win the smaller vote within one of the big parties and then can use the parties base to gain political power . 
  you seem to be the saddest misanthropic person in existence . 
  you need some help ? 
  not even close . 
  us parties agree on a single candidate and a program before an election . 
  voters have no way of saying : `` we like things from this wing , but also want stuff from that other wing '' . 
  the package is already decided on . 
  a pr also gives a lot less power to the president/chancellor/pm . 
  i certainly did not downvote you . 
  which is n't really the central train station of new york . 
  that would be penn station . 
  and how does that look ?
