  however , the winners of the war determine the condition of the peace . 
  i think the consequences of the treaty of versailley which ultimately killed a young and developing democracy should be demonstration enough on how dangerous the game of reparations is . 
  i do n't think there is ever a rational argument to be made . 
  because history is history . 
  parts of germany have equally gone through the communist dictatoship led by russia . 
  a moral argument right now also falls short considering the fact that not many people are still alive from those times and later generations hold no moral obligations for actions done before they were born . 
  especially since the population of germany has changed since then dramatically and any reparations now would equally be paid by people that migrated into germany after ww2 . 
  and why should anyone of italien , turkish , polish , russian or whatever descent parttake in reperations ? 
  thats why there is no longer any moral obligation left by the german people and its governing body now . 
  cause we all know the soviets would never attacked poland if it was n't for ww2 , right ? 
  and it is very doubtful that all of these art pieces are still in germany . 
  many are destroyed or have gone to russia and the us . 
  the previously german territories including its natural resources have contributed to the polish gdp since then many times over . 
  but that is n't germanys issue . 
  russia took it in place of all its dependent states . 
  if anything , poland would have an argument against russia . 
  it is like if you have a common bank account with your abusive husband who has legally obtained the rights to access the account on his own and decides to withdraw all the money thats in there . 
  after the divorce you ca n't go to that bank and say `` hey , i want my share of that money you gave to my ex-husband '' , but have to get the money from him . 
  and the point about the taken land along with the infrastructure ( buildings , roads etc. ), 
  still stands . 
  it is . 
  poland just argues they did n't get enough . 
  which is comical considering they occupied previously german cities like stettin and all the infrastructure with it, 
  found the neo-nazi, 
  hitler had lost votes before he came to power . 
  the majority of people had voted center-left . 
  it was the government of the time . 
  and legitimate in its own right , lasting for decades . 
  i mean , under that thinking everytime a government changes , all contracts and deals made by the old government would be void automatically . 
  that 's just a bad comparison since in germany many degrees are attained through paid apprenticeships which would fall under vocational training elsewhere . 
  in other words : people actually get paid for getting an education they have to pay for in canada . 
  the bible is full of contradictions and thus requires interpretation . 
  if you are looking for a rigid religion try islam . 
  have you ever worked for a nightclub and dealt with bouncers/doormen ? 
  but they are still few enough to remain very tight . 
  once their population becomes too big , their networks become more loose and enforcement of social rules more difficult . 
  well , we all know that bouncers are always ethnic germans in germany . 
  oh , before i forget it : / s, 
  lol . 
  your statement being downvoted ... 
  there is an obvious connection from nightclubs to organized crime ; the bouncers ( and others of course ) . 
  the median line is kinda fuckin with borkum though . 
  this was an incident in the nightclub scene . 
  well , considering the scene this took place in , it 's not hard to imagine contacts to gun traffickers . 
  in a way , yes . 
  a lot of the architecture shown there was built in the prussian period and i disagree with all those seeing them as some form of epitome . 
  cologne was a medieval metropole ; tight and messy and i do n't think the historicistic style fit its character . 
  and , the destructions have given newer styles and change in general the possiblity to manifest itself in the urban landscapes of german cities . 
  granted , not everything ages well or looks nice , but in a living city there is always the opportunity to change that . 
  thats up to the db who owns that thing and is unwilling to invest . 
  well , it 's taken from the wrong sub . 
  the german sub is r/de and not r/germany , which is an expat sub for foreigners in germany mostly . 
  well he said german speaking countries ... so he is still correct, 
  and it should n't be their intent . 
  however , with better funding , the unhcr can create refugee shelters in close proximity to the conflict zones without people preferring to move to europe . 
  when the starting point is threat of illnesses , hunger , violence , no education and no future prospect then people will take great risks to escape that . 
  it matters in the sense that his most read pieces at the time on jews were not his later anti-semitic ones , but rather his early writings , like the one from 1923 `` da\u00df jesus christus ein geborender jude sei '' ( that jesus christ was born a jew ) . 
  his later anti-semitic pieces did have negative effects as well , however which part of luthers writings on judaism was recited depended on the intentions of those doing it . 
  welcome to the 16th century . 
  btw , the early luther was n't an anti-semit , almost the opposite . 
  he became one later on though . 
  dutch is not the only frankish variety of german . 
  just the one that became a seperate language over time . 
  the dialect of aachen is just as well of frankish descent and i doubt anyone would call it dutch . 
  it 's less than 80 % and those against felt very strong about it . 
  those for did feel less strong about it . 
  how ? 
  the last election showed that pro gay marriage was not an important factor for voters . 
  why do people pull these statements out of their asses when the reality proves otherwise ? 
  lol . 
  is this the cdu army here ? 
  seems this thread is meant for people that do n't read german news . 
  opponents of gay marriage felt very strong about it while proponents did n't see it as a deciding factor . 
  that 's why . 
  she lost a big argument for voting cdu now . 
  she did n't . 
  it was never a vote that helped the pro gay marriage side as much as her stance against it was an important argument for the no gay marriage side . 
  the people against it always felt stronger about it than those for it . 
  the whole `` merkel did it on purpose '' spin here is ridiculous and against the reality of past elections . 
  lol . 
  that 's said so often here , but seems more a spin than reality . 
  she did n't want this vote and now made people from her party mad and lost a bargaining chip for after the election . 
  she lost this one . 
  handily . 
  she is widely regarded the loser in germany, 
  having only the records of the romans to reconstruct the campaigns of germanicus it is very difficult to actually assess its success . 
  i think however the fact that he was unable to re-establish the roman territories across the rhine rather indicate an unsuccesful outcome . 
  totally not photoshopped ... 
  the comments by merkel made it clear that it was a negotiable element for the next formation of government . 
  it certainly was a bargaining chip that is now lost all of a sudden . 
  i understand her reasoning . 
  the crazy part is that the majority of the parliament thinks otherwise , has the power to make a vote on it , but does n't cause the spd is compiled of powerhungry weaklings . 
  once the law has changed the cdu will not reverse it . 
  and the people against it are only relevant for the conservatives . 
  any government without the cdu would have changed the laws probably around the same time as sweden and norway . 
  so in effect it is maybe 1/3 of the cdu voters only that hold the decision on that issue . 
  completely insane ... 
  lol . 
  did you read it yourself ? 
   `` it is likely that a group of officers comprising gulenists , kemalists , opponents of the akp , and opportunists was behind the coup .
