  yep , thats exactly the shitty attitude that caused greek crisis . 
  they are not part of the family , so fuck dem . 
  and the idea that this is `` just cyclical '' is idiocy , considering that greece is the only european country that failed this hard and shows little signs of recovery , because the structural deficit was so enormous . 
  it seems there is still a complete lack of accountability . 
  saying `` but its not all our fault '' as an excuse to keep fuckin around get you nowhere . 
  but maybe varoufakis should have succeeded and turned greece into the european venezuela . 
  maybe that would have made the greek populace happier . 
  they failed for financing the greek debt . 
  kind of a shitty argument . 
  you lend money for you to buy some nice things from someone and when you are supposed to pay him back , you say `` sorry , i wasted everything and ca n't pay you back '' . 
  now that you ca n't pay the money , the other guy gets in trouble and danger of loosing everything because of it . 
  suddenly your uncle comes and says , `` wait i give them the money '' , so they can survive and makes a deal with you so you no longer pay back to the other guy , but to your uncle . 
  and here you come and say : `` if you have money , why give it to the other guy and not me ? 
  i want more nice things and do n't have much left of the stuff i bought before ! '', 
  that 's what i mean with culture . 
  lack of accountability and responsibility does n't fair anyone well over a longer period of time . 
  and had the banks failed to get their money back , greece would have been bankrupt . 
  instead cuts in social security and pensions , a big fat nothing . 
  not sure how that would have been better . 
  no , in this matter the greeks failed hard by voting for corrupt politicians over and over in exchange for election gifts , and thinking someone else should pay for it ultimately . 
  the debt crisis in greece is rooted in culture , and until the culture does n't change , the problems will remain ; debt relief or not . 
  moldova is not part of the eu, 
  ah come on ... do n't be silly . 
  the tories and new labour both wanted more cheap labor and they got it . 
  no ideals , just economics . 
  edit : with india it is n't even about a common market , but a regular trade agreement comparable to ttip or ceta which is unattainable without freedom of movement . 
  that 's not even close to a single market model . 
  leaving the jurisdiction of the european court of justice 2 . 
  quitting the customs union the rest is a lot of bla bla , but these two points make any deeper cooperation impossible . 
  edit : and this does n't even include the immigration issue , which she does n't seem to actually understand . 
  maybe she should ask the swiss about it though ... 
  because the eu negotiates as a block and for some member states freedom of movement is a key element . 
  for the same reason there is no large trade agreement with india , as they also demand freedom of movement . 
  btw. , it is an incredible odd argument to come from the u.k. , which had always lobbied for fom and had despite having the option not capped immigration for ee for the first decade of their integration . 
  unlike germany for instance . 
  freedom of movement exists to alleviate differences between the different members by providing workers for economies that need skilled labor and lessen the burden on social security in countries with high unemployment . 
  it is absolutely essential for both sides and a major factor for the overall success of the eu , especially compared with a similar region like east asia . 
  greece fucked itself way before anyone else was involved and still seems to play with the thought of self-rape from time to time . 
  and so far there has always been an agreement in the end . 
  it makes no economic sense without freedom of movement , so obviously it is not an option . 
  the question on what ? 
  leaving the single market ? 
  the vote was about leaving the eu , but not about the single market . 
  that is a massive , if no the central issue of it all and before the vote it was n't even part of the proposal of most brexiter . 
  and if you stop fighting after a vote , why have a new parliament every four years then ? 
  i thought with one vote everything is determined for eternity , right ? 
  at the absolute minimum try to fight for a deal that follows your interest the most . 
  i mean , there are many different options for brexit and if no one challenges the official negotiation stance from within the uk , at the end there will be two options for the parliament to vote on ; a bad deal , and the worse alternative of no deal at all . 
  there is severe difference in what is understood as acceptable between greeks and germans it seems . 
  and looking at it now , it appears like the positions are at least in striking distance from each other and it is simply a game of tug o'war . 
  may does n't even want to touch the rope . 
  and factual incorrect at the same time !, 
  in other words : british politics has gone entirely insane, 
  the eu leaders tried to keep it calm and with the exception of some ( french ) in the middle of a nasty election , the tone is very civil . 
  especially if you listen to german officials , who will be a major voice in the whole process . 
  the confrontational aspects are for the most part coming from the british side so far , which does n't give me confidence in their diplomatic and negotiation skills . 
  especially considering that the people that would posess these skills have resigned or were removed from their posts , specifically for their unwanted rationality . 
  seems the british way of negotiating . 
  for others , like germans , you enter the negotiations with something that at least seems acceptable for all parties and then negotiate around it and change it until everyone is happy . 
  entering negotiations with maximum expectations only leads to endless talks and discussions , including the very real possible of no deal at all . 
  but what i do n't understand is the absolute resignation with which the 48 % of the british have reacted following a very short period of protests . 
  especially labour appears to be shell shocked and clueless on how to deal with the situation . 
  the tories likewise , but they hide behind the government and may , avoiding any decisions at all cost . 
  that is not the question and in the end no one will disagree with reaching a deal that is beneficial to both . 
  the problem is , that may only considers the benefit of the uk as the appropriate measuring stick of succesful negotiations . 
  surely , that is a possible stance to take , but in diplomacy it is imperative to understand in advance the position of the other side , in order to get to the best possible outcome in the shortest time possible . 
  that she , and apparently her whole government , does n't understand this and seems completely unprepared for the negotiations is the troubling part here . 
  may is still making policy that is internally oriented , despite facing the most crucial dealings for the uk externally . 
  that is true , but they still are part of the single market , just with some exceptions . 
  just like iceland and norway . 
  the refugee crisis will be over at some point and then people will start rationalizing again . 
  ah ... the telegraph . 
  a newspaper owned by a billionaire with personal interest in lower taxes is for sure the best source for these questions ... 
  that 's a looong time ago and this is not about income taxes , which in general have a more immediate effect as it puts money in the hands of consumers , but about corporate taxes , which has so far not proven to have the same effect . 
  nah , a democratic process is always a bit rocky . 
  well , if that 's issue , there are more things slowing down eu decision making than just someone trying to get attention by delaying everything for some days . 
  this was a mostly motivated by internal issues and the party that did it is actually pro-eu . 
  but these were liberal monarchs compared to their contemporaries , often times with a liberal attitude towards religion . 
  btw . 
  is it possible you combine switzerland and austria here ? 
  cause sound of music is set in salzburg, 
  a us trade deal for the u.k. would now equate to a major ass raping as they lost their leverage . 
  it still puts stress on the budget , especially in the short and mid term . 
  the u.k. already has major issues with the budget so lowering taxes would have to come with lower spending . 
  in others terms : good bye nhs . 
  oh you are one of those people ... 
  skilled labour , specialized globalized industry , easy access to key markets . 
  the issue for tax havens is though , they have less taxes !, 
  surprise !, 
  it works for tiny countries as they can employ people in high paying industries and cover the losses that way . 
  does n't work for big countries though . 
  there is reason why the us tax haven is delaware . 
  a tiny state with less than 1 million people, 
  your lack of knowledge regarding the eu is astounding . 
  currently it is eu laws that keep refugees away from most countries . 
  in this scenario they would cease to exist . 
  passporting of financial services is the most advanced form of economic cooperation and so far only allowed for eu members . 
  if there ever was a chance for london to retain them somehow , the door is closed now . 
  there is a difference in weight and also in terms of negotiations . 
  it is easier to find ways to appease smaller countries than the bigger ones .
