  well , you said you were only talking about germany , so my answer only adressed what you were talking about . 
  i do n't really the the point of your post then . 
  but bridging for how long and what ? 
  renewable energy is getting cheaper and cheaper and when the infrastructure is adapted to needs of renewable energy there is no reason to hold back anymore . 
  you say in your other post that constracting nuclear plants now means planning for 30-50 years , but with the development of renewables that is a way too long time frame . 
  if you would commit to that technology you would also have to hold back on renewables . 
  well considering that germany produces 2 % of the global co2 emissions , with 40 % coming from power production even the total replacement of fossil energy with nuclear power would not create an effect significant enough to really matter and as a byproduct delay the shift to renewables . 
  because cost wise fossil energy is still cheaper than nuclear power and renewables . 
  so nuclear power would not replace fossil energy , but actually renewables . 
  that still does n't adress the point that scaling up nuclear energy production to the point that it has a significant influence and would stop climate change would include building nuclear plants in insecure areas . 
  and then we are not talking about waste but fukushima and tschernobil cases as the likelyhood of accidents increases the less secure the areas are . 
  and even then it ca n't be said whether that would have influence enough on co2 production considering that energy production is just one factor . 
  so you are talking about scaling nuclear energy production up to a level where it could replace fossil energy to high degree ? 
  because then you have to start building nuclear plants in developing countries like crazy , including geologically and politcally dangerous areas . 
  no one cares how good we could deal with waste if we kept researching ( which btw happened , the japanese did n't stop suddenly ) if you create time bombs across the globe . 
  and even in europe maintainance is not always on the highest level for cost cutting reasons . 
  what would happen in other places ? 
  the whole idea is just mental . 
  there were and are attempts to build geological repositories , but there are issues all over the place and we have barely started with it . 
  costs are not controlable and energy companies are putting the burden on the states , because costs are too high . 
  and the thing is , germany is very much on the way the replcae nuclear energy with renewables as in 2015 29 % of the power was produced by that . 
  the issue is just that renewables require high investment upfront with profits coming later , while nuclear power delivers profits earlier . 
  renewables also decentralize the energy market , so of course corporate propaganda would like to rather push nuclear power . 
  its being done . 
  in fact , for every piece of nature that is used for industrial purposes , the companies have to pay for a nature conservancy . 
  well i am interested in hearing how you deal with nuclear waste and the issue of permanent disposal then . 
  nuclear power is incredibly expensive . 
  even beyond imagination expensive as cost for permanent disposal are not even included in the calculation . 
  its a glitch in the map . 
  i am from this area . 
  its not that big and the whole region is either coal or agriculture . 
  nothing special about that forrest . 
  the protest seems more a thing of principle and people being obsessed with something beyond reasoning . 
  in france maybe , but certainly not in germany . 
  islam is common in the french speaking part of africa . 
  most sub-saharan african immigrants in germany come from mostly christian countries like nigeria , ghana , cameroon and kenya . 
  of course it is one of many , but it think it is the biggest . 
  you had the young work force leaving and only the older ones staying . 
  now that this generation is retired , the unemployment rate has naturally dropped . 
  over one million people migrated from east to west since the reunification . 
  with a workforce of just 6 million people combined the eastern states ( excluding berlin ) this is a significant relief for the labour markets in these states . 
  the drop in unemployment rates in the east can be to a significant extend be explained by migration . 
  unemployed easter germans ( like my parents ) moved to the west for work . 
  the eatern states also have the highest rate of retired people that do not appear in the statistics for unemployment . 
  behave or you are next !, 
  well they do speak the same language and the culture is surely not very different . 
  as someone from western germany i feel very much at home in the south ( or all ) of the netherlands and flanders in belgium . 
  very different in brussels though . 
  unless you are german . 
  its a ripuarian dialect very similar to the cologne dialect ( and of course others in that region ) . 
  the cologne farce was a farce on many levels and had nothing to do with the syrian refugee crisis . 
  it was more the result of the lybian collapse than anything else and things have normalized since . 
  police was not prepared and things have to adjust . 
  and the pension argument is actually a valid one . 
  our society is getting too old . 
  then why not vote green right away ? 
  as someone with some experience in party politics i would say it is a very normal development of homogenization of social networks . 
  it begins in the youth system of the parties were conforming behaviour is incentivised , while dissens is met with exclusion . 
  people with ambition are less likely to submit themselfes to such a system . 
  it is basically a system designed to support averageness . 
  the problem for the social democrats is however , that all their big success stories were build on exceptional people , namely brandt and schr\u00f6der , both outsider types . 
  and you see that now at all stages of politics . 
  its just a bunch of average people everywhere . 
  yep , vote for the party that supportes an inefficient and unsocial system that only benefits corporations . 
  oh man have n't laughed like this in forever . 
  this is incredible . 
  the added oddity of the danish language makes this a masterpiece . 
  yeah , i mean the people in the us are so happy , they are celebrating their accomplishments on 5th avenue in nyc for weeks now . 
  unlike in the uk , health service is not paid with taxes , but through a mandatory charge . 
  additionally you need a private pension plan and they have a number of other hidden taxes you seem to forget . 
  it should also be noted , that wages in switzerland are very high across all occupations and university tuition is comparably low . 
  social mobility is therefore far greater than in the uk . 
  short term only . 
  the dangers of social instability due cuts in social security , education , infrastructure and health care make any gains due to less taxes obsolet over the long term . 
  social stability is the most important currency of any economy . 
  did you even read what he wrote ? 
  that sounds really depressive . 
  looked into the ones that conducted the study and found that they are indeed a conservative and leoliberal institution , not politically neutral as the article claims . 
  at the same time her personal favourability are very high and her party has secured victories in state elections with underwhelming results for the far right afd . 
  economies are complex and intertwined . 
  of course it is impotant to enforce ethical guidelines and good practices , but the grey-area ( and beyond ) stuff has developed and prevailed for so long because it often simply works . 
  thats also why the european commission is very careful when taking stances . 
  not because of curruption , but because destroying the competitiveness and also competetive edges of the local ( european ) economies ( represented by its compaies ) has potential catastrophic consequences for the european people . 
  when vw , seat , skoda , fiat , peugeot , renault etc. 
  get into massive trouble they are in danger of losing market shares to us , chinese , japanese , korean and indian companies . 
  and guess who pays the bill in the end ? 
  the employees of those companies and european economy and its people as a whole . 
  i was being sarcastic with point , because exactly what you listed . 
  vw is n't draining other european countries but create jobs there as well . 
  especially vw with their production chains spread out all over europe ... riiiiiggghhtt ... 
  vw is deep in the development of electric cars for years . 
  so what is your point ? 
  it 's not like the gods of tesla have solved the issue of mass production of electric cars yet either . 
  a party that would crack down on these industries would be axed by the next election . 
  they are major job creators and have a history of being good employers creating good jobs for people in all income brackets . 
  so what do you think would happen if a party in that state would run with the promise of selling all stakes in vw and cutting the ties ? 
  they 'd simply lose with a bang because the connection of politics and vw is in the interest of the people . 
  in this case the state protects the interest of the workers in the biggest company of the state . 
  pretty textbook socialism/social-democracy . 
  which technically is also true .
