  about every 3 or 4 years , the students block a lot of them for a month or two . 
  it does n't really matter what it 's for , they always find something . 
  basically it happens about once per generation of students . 
  you know , it 's a bit of a rebel age so doing some kind of protesting feels nice . 
  it feels like you 're starting to get interested in politics . 
  plus , at that age , your thinking is mostly `` fuck the old cunts , politicians do n't understand youth '' so blocking everything feels like you 're changing the world . 
  also , the students do n't really let go the occasion of a holiday . 
  in the end , it does n't really affect students that want to study . 
  a blockade happened once when i was at high-school , and 10 or 20 % of the students actually just went in by the back and had normal courses . 
  when it happens at university it 's does n't matter that much , because except in medicine , good level students go to `` grandes \u00e9coles '' instead of university , and those never get blocked . 
  so it 's usual , and most people do n't really care about it . 
  the thinking is more to let them do their little rebel period , after all it does n't really affect much . 
   there is little public pressure and most corruption is more subtle than this one . 
  compared to some cases , this one could be considered subtle . 
  like when a chancellor went employed by a major russian gas company to thank him of some help for a pipeline . 
  maybe some european school , or an institution that does n't have to have links with others . 
  for example the ecb is in germany and it does n't pose any practical problem ; the same could be done in strasbourg with another institution . 
  others here mentionned the european court . 
  that would be a constructive development indeed . 
  such a blackmail would n't be beneficial for the rest of the eu either . 
  and it would also be very damaging to the eu construction . 
  should that tactic be used every time some countries are angry ? 
  that 's just against the whole idea of a union . 
  maybe one day france is n't happy because they pay the largest part of the uk rebate . 
  should they block everything too ? 
  also , you make it sound as if france was really wasting so much money , and as if they were the only ones to profit from it . 
  i 'd remind that france contributes a net 5bn $ to the eu , that 's 75 $ per person ( for comparison , germany is at 92 $ , the uk at 75 also ) . 
  that 's after taking the cap into account . 
  also , about the cap , germany , spain , the uk and italy are also major receivers . 
  and whether you agree that it 's a good use or not , it 's not as if the cap was lost money . 
  it has its use and justification . 
  i 'm not saying that everything is perfect , that we should stay like that . 
  i agree that better management could be made , but targeting france specifically is n't accurate , and blocking everything over this is n't worth the massive drawbacks . 
   its not a question of whether france should or should n't get anything . 
  the strasbourg parliament brings significant economic benefits to the region , so its understandable that french meps do n't want to lose those benefits . 
  you 're right . 
  regardless of what the most sensible policy might be , you ca n't make a negotiation without being willing to propose something in exchange . 
  otherwise no deal is made and the situation stays like that . 
  perhaps such a move could happen a time when france tries to negotiate for something with the rest of the eu . 
  moving the parliament and replacing it by something less important could be used as a concession for something else . 
  i do n't see it happening without any context . 
  he says it in the video at the eu parliament . 
  he does n't says `` never '' , he says `` for a long time '' . 
  i do n't understand what france gain from it really . 
  apart from a symbol maybe ? 
  it 's more for the city of strasbourg than for france that it 's significant . 
  technically cern is in switzerland . 
  edit : but that 's right , the fact that for example germany has the ecb would fuel criticism if some french politician let go the parliament . 
  that would be great . 
  if that happens they should try to think of some good use for the installations . 
  perhaps it 's possible to still use them for something related to the eu ? 
  maybe not an institution though , those should be in brussels . 
  when i read the title on / r/askreddit i thought it was a joke . 
  who would n't open the door ? 
  then i saw the comments . 
  lots of islands and the sea goes inland . 
  it makes the coast longer . 
  in most other places ports are also quite close to each other , but the coast is relatively straight . 
  quite interesting , thanks . 
  a few questions : if german women do n't work , why do they have so few kids ? 
  also , do people really ca n't do any noisy housework on sundays ? 
  even during the day ? 
  in france it 's typically on sundays that people do diy work , drill walls and stuff like that . 
  maybe it 's not as common for germans to work on their house themselves , especially since so many of them rent . 
  in france , everyone basically buys their place whenever they can , and work on it themselves to save money . 
   africa is filled with war and turmoil , that is why it is poor . 
  the protectionism is a by product of the kind of leader that arises in africa . 
  right , bad leaders and bad decisions , like protectionism . 
   japan was developed apparently you 've forgotten how 30 or 20 years ago europe and the us was talking about the unsustainable competion of japan , how the cheap imports of electronics was bad . 
   india improved because it was too extreme before hand . 
  right , so that 's a good example of a country that went from an extreme , and is on the path to being developed , using trade . 
   how did the us used protectionism initially to develop ? 
  tariffs interesting , although it 's apparently not a consensus to say that those tariffs helped their development . 
  anyway , that 's for poor countries , but based on what you say you agree that protectionism does n't make sense for developed countries , at least . 
   however , mostly the idea of free trade is a big lie . 
  no major country industrialised and modernised following a policy of free trade , they all used protectionism - from the uk , to the us , to continental europe , to the asian tigers . 
  the only countries expected to open their borders along lines proposed by the most extreme free trade advocates are poor developing world countries with no bargaining power what ? 
  that 's exactly the contrary . 
  most developed countries have developed by doing the maximum of trading , and they still do . 
  all the countries that tried to close their borders and develop their industry mostly internally have failed ; they 've all stayed undeveloped . 
  how do they not propose solutions ? 
  you really think it 's ca n't be worse than now ? 
  truth is , lots of governments act pretty well economically within what they can actually do , especially in our developed countries . 
  of course , it can always be better and you can always criticize some weak decisions , but generally the economic direction is much more thought of than whatever criticism we come up with when we complain for 5 minutes . 
  i know it feels good to complain , and it 's pretty popular to dismiss all politic as shit , but that 's just idiot . 
   opening unprotected trade with economies that do n't operate on equal footing is probably a bad idea . 
  the main worldwide economic strategy , the economists behind it , and their research says the contrary though . 
  i agree that it 's not because it 's mainstream that it 's right , but it would deserve much more than a `` probably '' on a forum to disprove it . 
  even without going into a technical debate , basically all examples of development ( and non-development ) in history show the contrary of what you affirm . 
  now it 's basically the other way around . 
  how did the us used protectionism initially to develop ? 
  there is n't a single example in history of a country that developed by cutting itself from the world . 
  it 's a classic populist strategy that 's been used in post-colonial africa for example , and destroyed their economy . 
  japan or india are examples that the way towards development includes more free trade . 
  with rich countries , and poor ones . 
  i love that aspect . 
  i 've worked with french , british , german , spanish , americans , and indians last week . 
  not everything 's so great there , but that part is nice . 
  saucisson is some kind of dry sausage . 
  [ like that ] ( http://www.boutiquefoods.co.uk/perch/resources/saucisson-sausages-4-w600h600.jpg ) .
