no he was serious . 
  he did n't want to talk with the french people for their whole time there . 
  every place has its share of dumb people . 
  actually it needs a similar filtering system too . 
  plus you 'll be too busy complaining at your local authorities for the lack of snow clearing equipment . 
  well there are stupid people everywhere . 
  a friend once worked in the uk and a local colleague did n't like him because we `` gave up during the war '' . 
  and of course it 's not the pigeons ... 
  are the british euro-sceptic because their media is , or is it the other way around ? 
  i think it has a lot to do with the culture . 
  the british are on an island , it gets a lot into it over several millenniums . 
  actually , it might get more acceptable to have english as the default language ( informally , but widely ) if the uk gets out of the eu . 
  because then there 's no one country that gets a clear advantage politically ( except ireland , but they 're small enough to not spark concerns ) . 
  there 's no question that they can leave , it 's their right and i 'm pretty sure it 's covered in the treaties . 
   poor scotland ... well they kinda chose to go with the uk for that kind of things though . 
  the eu did n't bring peace , but it 's meant to keep it . 
  that 's not true . 
  it 's just that many french do n't see why english should hold a higher value then the others . 
  it 's not that they think french is better than other languages , but they think various languages are not worse than english ( including french , but not only ) . 
  i 'm sure / r/dclauzel will tell you he would support if you also wrote in swedish . 
  at the same time , the french are pretty realistic about it since everyone in france has learned english at school , there 's a minimum english level for most diplomas , and it 's used heavily in every multinational company . 
  and nobody protests that . 
  but for politics , it 's different . 
   not really . 
  europe is the only part of the world where there no economic growth . 
  the uk needs to refocus on the growing parts of the world , not the dying parts . 
  it 's also the one with the best quality of life and human development . 
   france created this problem when it decided not to control its borders . 
  you sound like you know nothing about schengen . 
  first , there are sporadic controls that work pretty well for more serious illegal things ( weapons , mass immigration , mass counterfeited goods ... ) . 
  second , the principle is that the borders are controlled at the schengen zone border , not between countries . 
  you do n't blame oxfordshire when an illegal crosses from london to oxford . 
  we just saw further than xenophobia and applied the same logic with our eu partners . 
  it works the same . 
  so basically , many migrants are stopped at the schengen border . 
  some pass , because that 's more difficult to control than a couple ferries a day ( unlike your loved island ) . 
  out of those , a small part want to go to the uk . 
  a part of them manage to get to the coast . 
  a part of that manages to get to the uk . 
  the rest is seen in calais . 
   thanks to our political system everything in switzerland takes a lot longer to change . 
  it 's not the political system . 
  it 's the political system coupled with a majority of swiss germans . 
   the uk will be leaving the eu soon , that way you can create your european federation without us . 
  somehow i highly doubt it . 
  the uk benefits too much from being in the eu . 
   if france were to give the migrants small boats , obviously the uk would respond . 
  the reason why france has not done this , is because it is n't in france 's interests . 
  obviously . 
  that 's what i said , the uk forces others to pay for the problem they create . 
  the uk 's net contribution is equivalent to 0.65 % of your government budget . 
  do you think that what the eu brings is n't worth 0.65 % of what your government does ? 
  it costs on average 75 $ per year to a british person ( just as much as a french actually ) . 
  what you can compare is the cost of the eu for your country , as a percentage of the government budget , and judge if you think all the eu brings is worth it compared to how money is spent by your government . 
  [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/wvrtcqh ) was done a while ago . 
  the only reason it would be france 's problem is because of the channel . 
  otherwise they 'd be in the uk already . 
  personally i would tell the uk that either they take part into the migrant control , or we provide those migrants with small boats and let them do as they want . 
  that would be cheaper for us . 
  in the eu , the uk is always hiding on their island , blaming everyone and demanding shit . 
  it 's no different here . 
   they 're living in camps in calais and have been there for a decade . 
  the camp have been there for long , not each migrant . 
   in my mind that is a problem for france . 
  well in my mind they should n't , they should be a problem for the uk . 
  it 's simple , if it 's france 's problem , then france can just decide to let them run free instead of putting them in a camp . 
  and who would have a problem with that ? 
  the uk . 
  therefore it seems that they 're more of a problem for the uk than for france . 
   either they are refugees , in which case france should work that out and give them asylum , or they are illegal immigrants , in which case france should work that out and deport them . 
  either they are refugees , in which case they should be able to claim asylum either in the first safe country they reach ( which is n't france ) , or the one they want ( which is n't france ) . 
  or they are illegal , in which case we should make them leave ; since they want to leave , let them go . 
  as usual , the uk is hiding behind the channel , ignoring its problems and demanding that they get handled on the continent . 
  2 solutions : - either the uk agrees to see immigration as a european problem like all the other member states , and work with us to handle the problem continent-wise . 
  - or they are aggressive about it , refuse to act while demanding that others handle their problem , and refusing to cooperate nicely . 
  then we can play dumb too and let those migrants run . 
  it 's funny how the uk changed tone about it when the mayor of calais said they would stop containing all those migrants if they do n't get help . 
  so at least they do recognize that this problem is for them as well . 
  these migrants are a problem between the uk , and their country of origin . 
   however , there are zero refugees or illegal immigrants trying to escape the uk to go to france . 
  the uk therefore manages the situation . 
  i do n't know if you 're trolling or stupid . 
  the uk is north . 
  the migrants all come from the south . 
  see ? 
  the reason there 's no accumulation of migrants in dover is n't thanks to the uk management , it 's a simple geographical reason . 
  and the migrants in calais are france 's problem until they leave . 
  by french law they are illegals ; if they leave , well , it becomes legal here . 
  awesome . 
  we do n't want them here , and they want to leave , great . 
  the uk is relying on france for its border protection . 
  it 's inducing the cost of its protection to france , which only accepts to pay because it helps diplomacy . 
  the uk gets a free ride , and is too incompetent to take care if the problem themselves . 
   because refugees do n't want to claim asylum in france . 
  you 're stupid . 
  all the migrants that want to come to france do n't come to calais . 
  there are many of them . 
  if you look only at the group in calais , obviously there are only the ones that want to continue north . 
  the other ones stopped . 
  & gt ; it is also embarrassing that this situation in calais has gone on for a decade and your government is unable to do anything about it .
