  airbus should n't have been doing that , but how is it acceptable to gather evidence using echelon ? 
  some alleged examples are a german wind turbine technology , and a belgian speech technology , but there does n't seem to be many good sources . 
  according to wikipedia , 2/3 of the french between 15 and 85 never smoke . 
  in france , it 's not only the pm who do all the politics . 
  the president definitely does as well , many times he 's not `` above politics '' . 
  it 's not rare to hear the president answer to attacks or criticize other parties . 
  he just do n't do it when he 's acting as head of state . 
  that 's why i gave my impression . 
  there 's the theory , and there 's what happens . 
  in france there 's a certain amount of ceremony around the president when he 's acting as the head of state , especially for official speeches and announcements . 
  when there 's such a thing ( a few times a year ) , it 's broadcasted on most tv channels and announced before everywhere . 
  everybody knows that this evening at 8pm , the president talks . 
  it always goes with an official opening and credits ( flag on the anthem , with someone saying `` this is an official announcement from the president of the french republic '' or something ) . 
  actually it 's not that much different from a royal head of state , except that the guy changes . 
  it looks a bit like the president has `` two hats '' . 
  sometimes he 's a politician , sometimes he 's the head of state . 
  and you definitely know when he 's which . 
  http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/sites/9789264183896-en/02/05/index.html;jsessionid=97t37ei8gnkj.x-oecd-live-02?contenttype=&amp;itemid=/content/chapter/9789264183896-24-en&amp;containeritemid=/content/serial/23056088&amp;accessitemids=/content/book/9789264183 france is about at the eu average . 
  that the french are dirty and smoke a lot . 
  nobody in my family speaks good english . 
  during basically 2 decades , you hear that english is professionally beneficial , but you see that people around you speak shit english and still do fine . 
  i understood one day ( in university ) that : - if i did n't speak awesome english , i would be likely to get screwed professionally by a native speaker one day ( being more likely to be listened to , negotiating more easily ... ) . 
  i find it extremely unfair that native english speakers have such a professional advantage ( look at most official videos or presentations , it 's always an american who speaks ) , so at least i decided that it would n't happen to me . 
  - lots of content was available in english . 
  enough is available in french , but english opened a second world of information and discussion . 
  on a related note i find that native english speakers dismiss too easily that aspect for other languages ; every major language brings a lot of original content , but you do n't know what you miss until you speak it . 
  - i foresaw an opportunity to study the field i wanted but it implied studying in england . 
  i learnt english properly and took it . 
  now how i did it : - i had the basics from a decade of `` learning '' english at school ( or more like ignoring ) . 
  - switch my online life to english . 
  install windows and programs in english , set every website to english , start to use reddit instead of some forums . 
  - watch tv series in english . 
  with french subtitles first , english subs then , and one day i forgot to set the subtitles and did n't remark it until the middle of the episode , so no subs then on . 
  - went to study in england one year . 
  forced myself to not hang out with the huge number of french people there . 
  i think they thought i did n't like them . 
  - read books in english . 
  novels mostly . 
  i remarked that relying on popular us media gives vocabulary and expressions that are n't really proper . 
  i learnt proper french by reading books , so i thought the same would work for english . 
  in about 3 years i went from unable to have a real conversation to basically just having a recognizable accent ( with some little mistakes or non-british word choices sometimes though , i 'm still working on that ) . 
  france 's largest software editor is dassault syst\u00e8mes , which makes cad and plm solutions for industrials . 
  paris airports ( cdg and orly ) had 88 millions passengers of traffic in 2011 . 
  heathrow is around 70 millions . 
  the total for london ( heathrow , gatwick , luton , stansted ) is 131 millions . 
  * britain speaking english . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2io5ifwkdw enjoy, 
  bit they do n't come because there 's a queen inside . 
  they come for the monument . 
  that would n't work too well with the eu flag . 
  actually he 's not literally socialist , more social democrat . 
  his party is called socialist for historical reasons . 
  where do you find a 20 $ bike ? 
  toulouse , france . 
  it 's not that awful , i exaggerated quite a bit i think . 
  biking almost every day made me quite bitter about it . 
  it 's not too bad , especially compared to cities that did n't do anything at all . 
  but it 's really a shame to see that there is money thrown to that , and that is wasted because of bad management/objectives . 
  i 'm aware my comment looks quite negative about the city , but in general i 'm still quite satisfied with it . 
  the rest is acceptable except the traffic , and it 's getting better . 
  it 's a city that grew very fast in the last decade ( because of the success of the aerospace industry ) , and did n't have time to upgrade its infrastructure . 
  recently they have built a metro , a tramway , are extending those , rebuilt several busy squares and avenues ... many people here know bristol ( because it 's home to airbus too ) , and everybody knows that the traffic is much worse . 
  but the pubs are better . 
  the perception of that is highly affected by whether one uses a bike regularly or not . 
  my colleagues say that the town is bike friendly , but that 's because they just drive . 
  they do n't see that out of all those kilometres of bicycle paths , only a third are usable . 
  when you drive next to it , it looks fine . 
  but it 's only when you actually use it that you understand the city just build those to inflate the number of kilometres , not to make it easy for bikes . 
  there are paths that simply stop at one point , in the middle of a busy avenue , while the rest is very bike unfriendly . 
  paths that are built on the wrong side of the road . 
  paths that go on the sidewalk , turning between trees , garbage bins and posts . 
  red lights built right in the middle of the path , making it literally impossible to pass with a bike width . 
  bicycle lanes that are painted on the right side of the road , which was dug out for some construction work and never redone properly , so it deteriorated and is too rough with a bike now . 
  paths where there is no sidewalk ( so the path is the sidewalk ) . 
  alternative small streets advised for bikes to avoid an avenue , where the pavement is such a patchwork that you ca n't go faster than 20km/h even with a mountain bike . 
  bicycle lanes along parking spots , dangerous in case of a door opening . 
  so in many cases , cyclists go on the road next to it instead of using those , and to the drivers it becomes the fault of the cyclists . 
  i thought the city was bike friendly . 
  it took a few days of commuting by bike to change that opinion . 
  it 's not worse than if nothing was done , but i would n't call it friendly . 
  more than the amount of bike paths , i think that here the main factor for bike friendliness is the amount of traffic jams . 
  more people commute by bikes because of those , and drivers are more used to share the road . 
  oh , right . 
  i thought you were saying we should n't go to munich . 
  my bad . 
  can you expand ? 
  i was thinking of doing a little flight/hostel trip to munich to visit some day . 
  i 'm french and most of the people i know do n't . 
  it depends on the social circle . 
  the thing is , it 's a bit further than the pub down the street . 
  we should do this europe-wide at least . 
  some countries switching without the others would be a global mess . 
  it 's similar in france . 
  you do leisure activities on the week-end , and on wednesday afternoon for some schools . 
  it 's rarely during the work week . 
  it really struck me when i lived in the uk . 
  how early the night is in the winter . 
  so from your understanding he landed because of a technical fault ? 
  nothing to do with the blockade and search then ? 
  how could he complain to those countries about a technical problem ?
