   you simply do not come into contact with other languages on a day-to-day basis , so many do n't see the point . 
  that 's true for all large european countries . 
   even though they do n't know i 'm an english speaker . 
  they know . 
  should it be the same for english in other countries then ? 
  why is that ? 
  thanks , i did n't remember where i heard that . 
  if an uneducated guy with no contacts and who does n't speak the language takes your job , maybe you 're shit . 
  ( it 's a joke , do n't take it personally ), 
  what makes the size of your country closer to the ideal than the size of the eu ? 
  which country has the right size then ? 
  should we all have germany 's size or monaco size ? 
  soon ... i hope . 
  being in toulouse , you can also mention the development of the city partly due to airbus which was founded as a european eig . 
  [ for the lazy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/progressive_alliance_of_socialists_and_democrats#meps ) , since i had to search myself . 
  actually hollande was elected with the promise that he would n't raise taxes on the middle class , in opposition to sarkozy who wanted to increase the vat . 
  in the end hollande just increased slightly the vat . 
  i guess it was inevitable , but then there is n't much difference between left and right on that point . 
  when it happens every year for decades , it 's normal to compare . 
  but there are still more visitors in france , which does n't have such royals . 
  ok , i 've checked and you 're right except for capital gains on financial products , called `` valeurs mobili\u00e8res '' ( obligations , actions ... ) . 
  for those and since january 2013 , the capital gain is added to the revenue tax . 
  actually i do n't think that 's right . 
  first , you need to add social cotisations to the 34.5 % rate , which brings it closer to 50 % . 
  second , i think a recent reform has changed that rate so that you have to add your capital gains to your income to pay revenue tax instead . 
  so bizarre that it was just mentioned in tabloids and many people just doubt it 's the whole truth . 
  i 'm not sure about the details for that one , but normally the price of maintenance is always included in the discussions . 
  it does n't seem so ridiculous . 
  less planes to maintain too , even if more engines . 
  price was n't the issue . 
  dassault showed that they were cheaper for the same capability , with less airplanes . 
  i 'm not really qualified to answer accurately i guess . 
  but i do follow those news , so i can take a guess . 
  the market is limited to countries that have good relation with france , do n't have their own tech , and are n't too close to the us ( or russia ) . 
  selling warplanes is more political than commercial . 
  that removes most first-world countries , and lots of second-world ones . 
  also many countries which are already dassault customers with the mirage ( in the emirates or south america ) do n't plan to renew their fleet now . 
  they 're actually still buying upgrades for the mirage . 
  then the price is an issue ; since dassault did n't sell so many they could n't drop the price as much as the americans do ( f-15 , f-16 , f-18 for which the production is already well paid off ) . 
  same thing with the eurofighter ( more sold ) and gripen ( older ) , although less . 
  then you 've got natural competition . 
  it 's normal to lose deals to competitors . 
  most are actually not really so similar airplanes ( except the eurofighter ) , so they might be found more adapted to a country 's use . 
  for example switzerland preferred the gripen because they did n't want to have too individually powerful ( and modern ) airplanes , seen as a too aggressive policy for them . 
  they went pretty close to a deal in many places , but never concluded . 
  not too sure why , but in most case it was apparently mostly political . 
  which is why i said `` hope '' . 
  it was going well ( they even published some details of the deal like the amount of work that would get transferred to india ) but the main indian guy for it died recently . 
  yes , it 's not a good situation for the rafale . 
  there 's still hope in india and some smaller countries though . 
  good thing dassault makes loads of money on business planes . 
  he 's right though , europe is the leader for satellite launches with commercial markets . 
  actually , it 's even true inside countries . 
  this is why france gives full control of the army to the president alone , he only has to seek congress approval after a period of continuous intervention . 
  otherwise if you needed a vote you 'd never get enough reactivity for a useful force . 
  thanks , i was n't aware of that particular fact . 
  but at the same time it was just one vote by one french guy that happened in 1921 . 
  almost a century ago . 
  certainly there was a time where lots of french wanted the language to keep being used officially , but we 've evolved since then . 
   france insists using french in many cases . 
  no , they insists that everyone use their own language in international settings , especially diplomacy and politics . 
  the french use french because it 's their language , but from the same point of view the germans should use german . 
  the french do n't favour french , they just do n't favour english . 
  how so ? 
  like it 's just about france . 
  and france does n't want everyone speaking french . 
  we just do n't want everyone speaking the language of one country , it 's unfair . 
  and at this level , unfair means very costly . 
  yes , the main issue i 've got with adopting english as official is that it gives natives a major advantage in politics , negotiations ... like the huge advantage the uk already get in business ( 17 billions euros per year for the state ) . 
  i 've heard some other alternative , which was to have a set of 3 main languages that would be compulsory to use for european politics , but you can not use your native one . 
  funnily enough , the british were n't so keen on that . 
  you 're lucky to get fast and reliable enough connection to stream music ... 
  well that 's about double , like the swiss salaries . 
  let 's call it a war on something . 
  that sounds like how we teach english in france . 
  norway : https://runbox.com/ germany ( in german ) : https://posteo.de/ otherwise , buy your own domain at any trusted european registrar , and use their email . 
  i use [ gandi ] ( http://en.gandi.net/ ) ( france ) , they 're very reputable . 
  that 's 77 % . 
  i knew it was a majority but i 'm surprised it 's that much . 
  i would have guessed more for frankfurt . 
  thanks for the info , it makes sense . 
  or portugal moving to cet . 
  edit : i guess not . 
  i guess it 's because i 'm used to cet in france , but when i lived in the uk ( on the same longitude ) , i really hated the time offset , especially in winter . 
  winter is depressing in the uk , with the time difference it could be totally dark by 4pm , instead of 5pm in france . 
  but that would bring the difference between countries where people are much closer , work more together and move often in that zone . 
  i work daily from france with people located in spain , germany and the uk . 
  the time difference with the uk is a bit of a pain , although manageable . 
  it would really suck to have a difference with spain or germany . 
  for example , it means that there 's a 2 hours slot in the middle of the day where you can not call people or organize meetings with them , because one side is eating . 
  same thing in the morning or the evening ( for each side ) , people are offset by one hour , so during that hour you ca n't count on the other side . 
  so basically , it means that for 2 hours per day ( 25 % of your work time ) , you ca n't call or meet with your colleagues that are located in that other time zone . 
  edit : so generally i 'd vote against moving france to another time zone than germany . 
  for spain it 's fine because geographically it makes more sense , and more importantly because we do n't have nearly as much trade with them . 
  but economically , trade with germany is capital so being in the same time zone is beneficial for both countries . 
   3000 $ `` what , that 's a good salary ''  / year `` oh '', 
  you could be the cutest girl with the frenchest look , but if you do that you 're not going to have good customer service . 
  that 's a natural reaction but i still think that the eu would lose quite a bit if the uk went away . 
  to be clear , i think the uk would lose a lot with that , but the rest of the eu as well . 
  maybe if the british government continues to make stupid things , the british will stop saying that the european parliament is inherently worse for britain .
