  in the meantime , they are already taking action to access the wreckage for the investigation , and without a military intervention . 
  i agree , i think the eu and member states governments have reacted pretty appropriately . 
  it 's bad foreign policy to jump to conclusions and act militarily immediately when there 's nothing pressing . 
  those lives are lost . 
  nothing will change that , so let 's take time to think . 
  at the same time , that 's because of the american need for some `` immediate action '' that the west went into 2 decade-long wars with random countries . 
  no action will save these lives anymore . 
  better think before acting , nothing is pressing . 
  that goes against the vengeance instinct , but that 's more useful . 
   $ 1.2 b is n't that much money in those leagues . 
  and yet nobody wants to pay for it . 
   what do you expect when you let a communist to power ? 
  what ? 
  i agree , but again if there we wanted more european unity maybe the rest of the eu would discuss on a financial solution with france instead of just asking what 's politically impossible for hollande . 
  and the us are n't going to pay for boats they do n't want to avoid ridicule to france . 
  hollande 's party has no chance to pass in 2017 if he does n't reduce spending and/or unemployment in the next years . 
  our right wing is half destroyed ( several trials on leaders , proofs of cheating in elections , internal battle between the few possible new leaders ) . 
  the only one left growing is the far right ( anti-europe , anti-foreigners , pro-strong state and police ) . 
  that 's a tense climate for the government . 
  yes but that 's a lot of money . 
  plus that will reduce volume of military contracts later ( because it will be rightly seen as unreliable ) , which is significant in the french economy ( whether we like it or not ) . 
  with the kind of pressure there is on the government now about savings and jobs , i doubt hollande is in a position to just suck that up . 
  so basically they are asking france to spend $ 1.2 billion for the statement it would make to russia . 
  no , why was the trial overseas ? 
  the location of trials is n't random . 
  why ? 
  so basically she just decided to not go and appeal it , until the trial happens in continental france ? 
   was fined eur50 .000 and sentenced to 9 months in prison . 
  she is clearly a small minded idiot , but give me a fucking break . 
  neither she nor her lawyer came to the trial . 
  right . 
  i 've done a little calculation using the ratio of french and greek median gross income . 
  $ 20k in greece would be roughly comparable to $ 60k in france ( and $ 84k in germany ) . 
  honestly that 's a nice salary indeed , but not near the levels that people talk about when they want huge taxation rates ( like 75 % ) . 
  well , that 's a completely different subject . 
  $ 20k is not anywhere near rich . 
  by that logic they should have a warsaw space agency , to avoid relying on other cities . 
  but esa is european . 
  it 's not `` other people '' . 
  it 's a shame those 2 masts are a few meters taller than the pillar . 
  it would have been a much nicer landmark to put at the top . 
  honestly that was worth losing last we . 
  maybe i did n't write correctly , but that 's what i meant . 
  the bbc is good on most subjects , but the other newspapers from that list are n't . 
   if you want unbiased news try some of the other western media . 
  the uk has plenty like bbc.co.uk , guardian.co.uk , telegraph.co.uk , independent.co.uk . 
  unbiased ? 
  the bbc is good on most subjects ( not all ) , but for the others ... 
  how much is that per month for a classic full-time job ? 
   so you volunteered your information ? 
  knowing the law ? 
  well yeah , i wanted an internship . 
   and if you changed the info then that achieves the same ends . 
  so i do n't see the issue . 
  the company should have the right to keep a record of their data as long as it 's not being made public after you make a change . 
  the point is that , even if that was n't the case , a website can keep your info ( even public ) without providing a way to change it , and there 's nothing you can do about it . 
   did you contact them directly to discuss it ? 
  sure i emailed them several times . 
  same for the shopping websites ( see my edit ) . 
  they did answer that they do not remove accounts or your data . 
  it was a company hr website to apply to jobs/internships . 
  a large aerospace industrial . 
  you put there all your personal info , cv ... i 've had the same situation with some shopping websites too , but that was less of a problem because they had less info . 
  in the end , no , i was n't able to delete it . 
  i just replaced all info with random stuff , hoping they 're incompetent enough to not keep old records . 
  i had the same situation with a canadian website , but i did n't search too much for local laws though . 
  i never found any piece of legislation in the us that force them to delete your info . 
  in europe there is , and i 've successfully deleted many personal accounts on email request . 
  in some case they do n't do it and deactivate the account only , but technically you could insist and request it . 
  but they know you 're not going to sue though , so sometimes they do n't care . 
  only libel . 
  there 's no right to have your information deleted or even to access it fully in the us . 
  i 've already been denied by a us website the deletion of my account that i requested by email . 
  let alone other countries . 
  that article really shows that . 
  basically it says that if the website is nice enough it lets you delete your account , or if you can still edit it you can try filling shit info in the hopes that they do n't keep old info . 
  there 's no legal tool to force them to delete anything . 
  also it 's certainly difficult for a european to sue a us website for libel , it better be a huge case . 
  nothing practical for the average guy . 
  again , let alone other countries . 
  which are things that work only when said website is located in the eu . 
  an article about your conviction for something you were later found innocent of , and it does n't mention it . 
  a page which displays private information about yourself without your agreement or any way to delete it . 
  a page that show personal data gathered illegally . 
  the provider must comply only if one of those conditions is fulfilled :  ( a ) the data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed  ( b ) the data subject withdraws consent on which the processing is based according to point ( a ) of article 6 ( 1 ) , or when the storage period consented to has expired , and where there is no other legal ground for the processing of the data ;  ( c ) the data subject objects to the processing of personal data pursuant to article 19 ; ( a ) a court or regulatory authority based in the union has ruled as final and absolute that the data concerned must be erased ;  ( d ) the data has been unlawfully processed . 
  i agree it 's not very clear , at least to the non-lawyers we are . 
  but what 's clear is that not every case can be granted , at all . 
  a true article about a public figure ( which does n't ommit important facts ) should n't be requested for instance . 
  no , it does n't allow for the deletion from the index for the examples you gave , nor the actual story of this thread . 
  google just accepted requests that were n't covered in the conditions for deletion . 
   its not being abused , this is exactly the law . 
  no , the law does n't cover his case . 
  google just chose to accept most requests without checking them against that law . 
  it was shown by [ a french newspaper ] ( http://rue89.nouvelobs.com/2014/07/03/droit-a-loubli-google-a-trouve-lorigine-censure-guardian-253430 ) . 
  it was n't a court decision on that case . 
  the decision was to allow the deletion in some particular cases , and those conditions do n't cover that particular story . 
  google just deletes articles on request without checking . 
  it was shown by [ a french newspaper ] ( http://rue89.nouvelobs.com/2014/07/03/droit-a-loubli-google-a-trouve-lorigine-censure-guardian-253430 ) . 
  the reality is that google was n't forced ; they accept requests without checks . 
  [ here ] ( http://rue89.nouvelobs.com/2014/07/03/droit-a-loubli-google-a-trouve-lorigine-censure-guardian-253430 ) is a french newspaper who found the guy who requested the removal of one of the guardian articles .
