  because scottish independence would have removed them food , clothes , and shelter ? 
  maybe i wrote it too short . 
  i mean that some people each have principles that give them a legitimate reason to vote yes . 
  and these reasons are not less worthy than economic considerations . 
  for instance , it 's certainly because i 'm french , but i would n't vote to stay governed by a king , let alone a foreign one . 
  yes ? 
  is n't that a valid point ? 
  some people have principles . 
  to be fair , most french have already eaten snails . 
  it happens , but not often . 
  that 's not always true . 
  many people will not want to do the effort of speaking english for someone that did n't ask politely . 
  being polite here means that you do n't assume people understand english , you need to ask . 
  and also , in shops , people will not be helpful to customers who are n't nice and polite ( whether they 're foreigners or not ) . 
  they 're european . 
  can the 2017 election be worse than that , now ? 
  it probably wo n't , but even another guy from the same party will have lots of trouble if the economy does n't get much better in the next 2 years . 
   hope ump will be reasonable . 
  i hate the fn , but please , they 're not `` nazis '' . 
  i know , i 'm just saying that the british love to think they 've done good by not joining , when it has n't really made a difference in reality . 
  and maybe you see more british people against the euro than french in favour of it because you just see more british in general ? 
  like the uk did n't see just as much trouble . 
  in the end , what matters is the resulting professionals from those universities , and we 're forced to see that you wo n't find a significant level difference one way or the other when comparing western top countries . 
  among french , english , german , americans , swedish , swiss , etc , there 's no country which have a clearly better reputation or results for its top graduates . 
  i 've studied in both a french school and english uni ( both times at masters level ) , and worked along with many graduates of different nationalities . 
  while the systems are very different , there 's no country which has visibly better educated students . 
  that being said , you can definitely see the effects of the differences on the way to work , or to approach a problem , but you ca n't say that one is clearly better . 
  no , all the little fiscal paradise islands are under the crown but not in the uk . 
   tell germany to get off it 's ass or actually make a eu military . 
  you need to get a better understanding of germany 's culture since wwii here . 
  people are raised to be extremely wary of anything close to a domination , let alone military , and of any military deployment in general . 
  with a bit of a stretch on that idea you 'll convince the brits of a federal europe . 
  most belgians i know prefer to pick on charleroi, 
  to add on your first point : the contract was $ 1.2 b for the ships , but there 's a $ 1b fine if we do n't deliver the second ship . 
  so that 's a cost of about $ 2b we 're talking about . 
  at the same time , no political opposition can criticize the government , since they already spend all day bashing them for spending money and not creating enough growth . 
  i 'd like to see cop\u00e9 say that we should spend $ 2b and destroy a good 1000 jobs to make a strong statement , that would be some interesting acrobatics compared to the current speech ... do n't get me wrong , it 's bad to sell warships to russia now , but politically it 's extremely difficult to do otherwise . 
  it would take some serious commitment and balls , which is n't the mood of our politics now . 
  well , i did n't know it was my personal decision . 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  you 're shitting on the few french around here . 
  that 's both useless and insulting . 
  get off your high horse ; do you realise how condescending you sound ? 
  you did n't even get on the real point , which is that refusing that sale means a middle-term loss of jobs and about $ 2b for the government . 
  also you 're argument is mainly based on being part of nato ; for your information france only joined nato in 2009 and you 'll find many people here supporting leaving it . 
  we 're not in the street to block the sale , but you 're not in it to support a european-wide financial decision about it either . 
  first , if you want to spark a debate , or state your point of view , do n't aim it at the few french here . 
  second , if you want to make a convincing argument , also talk about the negative points . 
  shit like this only males people angry and unwilling to listen or be constructive . 
  i 'm usually very favorable to the european construction , and i agree that it would be great to be able to stop the sale , but you 're making us adversaries instead of allies . 
  when you want to negotiate something , you need to work out a solution , not just bash people . 
  and if you just want to bash our government , aim it at them , not me . 
  learn to respect the ones you 're trying to convince , otherwise you 're achieving the contrary . 
  being condescending and aggressive is counter productive . 
  the average week in france us 39.5 hours . 
  also , if you retire at 62 you wo n't get the full retirement . 
  the age for full retirement is 67 . 
  concerning holidays , we get 5 weeks legally so it 's not crazy high . 
  you add the time you spend from your 40 hours week so typically it 's 1 or 2 weeks more . 
  do you prefer `` just-fine britain '' , `` ok britain '' , or `` meh britain '' ? 
  yes . 
  as long as you do n't go mess with the drug business in the suburbs . 
  personally i just use a separate encryption method with any usual cloud provider ( encfs with dropbox ) . 
  is n't bt sync closed source ? 
  if so you ca n't know what happens to your data either . 
   who wants to deal with bags and stuff ? 
  i thought that until i had to clean the filter of my bagless vacuum . 
  shit 's disgusting , i 'd rather throw it and replace it . 
   people will just hoover for twice as long http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2e6itd/eu_ban_on_vacuum_cleaners_above_1600w_anyone/cjwm79w http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2e6itd/eu_ban_on_vacuum_cleaners_above_1600w_anyone/cjwm1wj  or use the electricity to do something else that 's stupid . 
  it 's the same every time . 
  when there were some riots in a paris suburb , i learned on reddit that my country was collapsing . 
  a320 production needs to ramp up to cope with the demand , they 'll use all the fals that they have . 
  hamburg , toulouse , tianjin , and mobile . 
  we have parties in france that want to reintroduce death penalty . 
  and not the smallest ones ; the fn does . 
  not exactly , that 's only for the long range airplanes . 
  most of the single aisle airbus are assembled in hamburg ( with some of the sections made in france , spain , as the wings in the uk as usual ) . 
  it does n't matter if you 're considered a foreigner or not . 
  you can go . 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112966/ it 's exactly about the same thing , but in wales . 
  and kinda funny . 
  i left for a year , and my cheese input has been steady at its highest ever since i came back . 
  as long as you like columns . 
  i think you meant [ rocamadour ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/rocamadour_aoc.jpg ) . 
  apparently the top speed is 80 km/h , but most of the lines use 65 km/h . 
  the average speed seems to be around 30 ~ 35 km/h . 
  you got the dart . 
  it 's quite usual for metros . 
  in france it 's definitely the most common . 
  rubber tires make less noise , accelerate and brake faster , and make a smooth ride more easily . 
  for high speeds they 're less efficient , but for a metro it does n't matter . 
  there 's baroin but he 's a bit young maybe . 
  if it 's not this time he will be in the next one . 
  i 'm not sure of the rate to be honest . 
  fact is that the vast majority of the owners in france are not under that law . 
  what rent caps ? 
  are they talking about the duflot law ? 
  that law does n't put rent caps , it gives a tax break to owners who rent within several conditions , and these conditions include a rent cap ( as well as ecologic or length criteria ) . 
  there is no rent cap , there is a tax break below a certain rent ( and other things ) . 
  indeed , the most important part for me will be what 's going to be the policy about ukraine in the coming months .
