  they literally say that some kings were not worse than hitler and pol-pot , so monarchy is n't worse . 
  small parties can be incredible sometimes . 
  in france , we have a list called `` a royal france in the heart of europe '' . 
  they are royalists , in france . 
  the best is their motto . 
  `` they promise you the moon , demand the sun '' ( reference to the `` sun king '' , louis xiv ) . 
  but it makes a huge rush . 
  at least , since we vote on sundays , there 's rarely any queue and the polling stations can be smaller . 
  oh , my bad . 
  yes but the sold ships themselves are not amphibious . 
  they 're not simply helicopter carriers though , they have a full commandment centre . 
  what amphibious assault ships ? 
  mistral class are commandment ships , helicopter carriers . 
  but do n't forget the eurosceptics are not organised between countries . 
  for each country it 's their interest to under-represent it , so they can complain about the eu in their national elections . 
  they do n't like each other enough to agree on a common policy and candidate apparently . 
  if some country was really interested , france would have sold them ships already . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/content/20140224ipr36860/html/parliament-supports-life-saving-ecall-system-in-cars ) an official press release . 
  you can find information by googling `` ecall '' . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?type=cre&amp;reference=20140225&amp;secondref=item-013&amp;language=en&amp;ring=a7-2014-0106 ) are the minutes of the debate . 
  is there a way to find who voted what on a particular vote ? 
  edit : and [ here ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?type=ta&amp;language=en&amp;reference=p7-ta-2014-0154 ) is the actual text . 
   directive 95/46/ec of the european parliament and of the council10 , directive 2002/58/ec of the european parliament and of the council11 and articles 7 and 8 of the charter of fundamental rights of the european union 11a govern the processing of personal data carried out in the context of this regulation . 
  any processing of data through the 112-based ecall in-vehicle system should therefore be carried out in accordance with these directives and under the supervision of the member states ' competent authorities , in particular the independent public authorities designated by the member states pursuant to those directives , in particular to guarantee that vehicles equipped with 112-based ecall in-vehicle systems , in their normal operational status related to 112 ecall , are not traceable and are not subject to any constant tracking and that the minimum set of data sent by the in-vehicle ecall system includes only the minimum information required for the handling of emergency calls by psaps , and that no personal data is stored after that . 
  given the consent of the data subject or a contract between both parties , other conditions may apply in case another emergency call system is installed in the vehicle in addition to the 112-based ecall in-vehicle system , but it should nevertheless comply with those directives . 
   [ ... ]  the msd sent by the 112-based ecall in-vehicle system shall as a maximum consist of the information required by the standard referred to in point 2c of article 3 . 
  the msd shall not be processed for longer than necessary for the purpose for which they have been processed , and shall not be stored for longer than is required for the appropriate handling of emergency calls . 
  the msd shall be stored in such a way as to make possible its full deletion . 
   [ ... ]  manufacturers shall ensure that ecall users are provided with clear and comprehensive information about the existence of a free public ecall system , based on 112 , and the processing of data carried out through the 112-based ecall in-vehicle system , in particular about :  ( d ) the specific purpose of the ecall processing which shall be limited to the emergency situations referred to in the first subparagraph of article 5 ( 2 ) ;  ( f ) the time limit for the retention of data in the 112-based ecall in-vehicle system ;  ( g ) the fact that there is no tracking of the vehicle beyond the collection of the minimum amount of data necessary for the 112-based ecall in-vehicle system to determine and transmit the location and the direction of travel of the vehicle when reporting an incident , as well as the fact that any tracking data are only stored on the device for as long as strictly necessary for that purpose ;  ( ha ) the fact that data gathered by the psaps through the 112-based ecall in-vehicle system must not be transferred to third parties without active prior consent from the data subject ;  ( i ) any necessary additional information regarding traceability , tracking and processing of personal data in relation to the provision of a private ecall service and/or other added value services , which shall be subject to explicit consent by the user and in compliance with directive 95/46/ec . 
  particular account shall be taken of the fact that differences may exist between the data processing carried out through the 112-based ecall in-vehicle system and the private ecall systems or other added value services . 
  yes of course , which is why english have been compulsory in french schools for decades . 
  but unfortunately it does n't mean that students get fluent . 
  that 's the point . 
  great . 
  except for the fact that i 'm writing to you in english . 
  by choice , on my free time . 
  but no , french people are all assholes who refuse to speak anything but french . 
  maybe instead of just mocking and throwing stereotypes you should consider why the french feel strongly about that . 
  but i guess it 's simpler to just point them out and laugh . 
   my whole point was that people just think `` typical french '' when they saw what they said last night , you 're perpetuating stereotypes for imagined `` principles '' . 
  oh no , we 're perpetuating stereotypes . 
  the horror . 
  stop what ? 
  well that 's shit . 
  they should allow the languages , and maybe force each country to send a translation in advance . 
  although in an airport it 's a bit asshole-ish . 
  then it 's not france 's problem , there 's doing it correctly . 
  all other countries should stick to their language . 
  it 's not because they do n't in an attempt to look trendy and cool that we should throw our principles away . 
  i 'd rather see the french announce it in spanish or german than english . 
  fuck that normalisation of english everywhere , it 's not speaking another language that 's impolite , it 's expecting one to use english only that is . 
  the uk already makes 18 billion euros a year because the lingua franca is english . 
  it helps tremendously native speakers in business , economy , diplomacy , and anywhere in the professional world . 
  yes , they have really good unis . 
  they have lots of money obviously but that does n't do everything . 
  like the uk unis , the swiss have lots of foreigners . 
  not that it 's a bad thing at all . 
  the sun is n't much better . 
  the worst is that those newspapers are among the most read in the uk . 
   france does welcome refugees . 
  that 's the point , le pen wants to change that . 
  at the 2012 election she had `` 10,000 legal immigrants '' in her program , and added that it would be only very qualified immigration in sectors where we need employees . 
  not refugees . 
  nice video . 
  they should n't have added the dramatic sounds . 
  and it does n't encourage to vote specifically for them also , which is refreshing . 
  on another note i 'm surprised that jose bov\u00e9 can actually speak english . 
  that and swiss people think it 's normal to denounce to the police immediately whenever anything is barely illegal . 
  or rather one half of them . 
  a whiteboard drawing , a ukulele ... is that a pitch for a new social network ? 
   the fact that you conflate the two things indicates that you are financially illiterate . 
  i guess [ many people ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/id/101553082 ) like [ the ny attorney general ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2013/09/24/investing/schneiderman-high-frequency-trading/ ) and [ others ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2014/04/04/attorney-general-holder-high-frequency-trading/7297897/ ) are also financially illiterate . 
  either you do n't understand what we 're talking about , or you hide behind a wording . 
   there is no such thing as a `` normal transaction '' . 
  you know exactly what i 'm talking about , do n't hide behind a choice of words . 
  hft is only about taking advantage of a faster access to the stock exchange to add a tiny amount of money to everyone 's transactions . 
  hft is basically just using your low-latency access to act on knowledge of trades and orders before the others can . 
  in that way it 's really close to insider trading ; you are able to take good business decision before the other because you benefit from your position ( where you have an earlier access to the information , and to act on it ) . 
  insider trading laws are about protecting against people using a advantageous position to the disadvantage of other participants . 
  in that way , hft is really close to it . 
  actually , it 's maybe closer to front-running , but that 's similar and also illegal . 
  obviously it 's not exactly the same thing , but you ca n't brush off the comparison . 
  not finance , hft . 
  when the principle is to buy faster than other buy orders just to sell it back immediately at a higher price , it 's a mix of insider trading and leeching money off normal transactions , and does n't bring any benefit to any other party . 
  it 's not the police , it 's the army . 
  they normally do that when it 's a time of particular terrorism risk , but i think in paris it 's quite common . 
  i do n't think it will end up like that . 
  the eu does n't have a single government from a single party . 
  if it makes economic sense they 'll negotiate it . 
  and it 's not a policy that anyone in the eu has claimed . 
  it 's just speculation by one guy on reddit . 
  leaving the eu does n't open you more to the rest of the world . 
  the french eurosceptics do n't plan to do anything . 
  the point is to get lots of seats and not use them , or just block everything . 
  they will make the parliament the most useless possible , the most inefficient , so that they can complain about the eu during national elections . 
   after all , what is the point of being in the eu if the eu is able to damage our biggest industry and we ca n't stop it ? 
  true , there 's obviously a conflict since the uk 's biggest economy is based on leeching money off other markets and countries . 
  the media have been saying that the economy is shit well before 2008 . 
  they are always saying that , that 's how they sell . 
  they 're not present .
