  very popular in france , for the apero . 
  that picture is an old mistake . 
  it was certainly done with the old a350 specs , which have been completely redone around 2006 i think . 
  or it 's a fake . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wide-body_aircraft#widebody_specifications the a350 is wider enough ( 15 cm more ) to even propose a 10-seats configuration . 
   i worked on this plane as a pilot/steward ( es ) there 's only one a350 that 's flying currently , and of course it 's a test aircraft ( in toulouse ) . 
  the second one should fly soon . 
  the 5 first aircraft will be test aircraft . 
  me too . 
  well , still actually . 
  good news . 
  nobody talked about forbidding anything . 
  who talked about prohibition ? 
  you 're talking about prohibition . 
  i 'm just talking about more regulations and taxes . 
  look at tobacco or fuel . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  should we make arms legal ? 
  i did n't say the contrary . 
  no difference on that point , so cigarettes are regulated and taxed . 
  nobody 's talking about banning them anyway . 
  driving a car is heavily regulated ( and taxed ) . 
  making something more expensive and less convenient is usually quite effective to reduce its use . 
  cannabis is addictive too . 
  edit : no need to argue that other things are more or less addictive , i never said the contrary . 
  i 've found an atm which always gives two 10 $ notes when you ask for 20 $ . 
  i always go there now ... 
  you get 5 $ notes in atms ? 
  that 's convenient . 
  in france you usually get 20 $ notes , and maybe 10 $ if you go to atms that are in banks . 
  was n't it setting a record every year ? 
  why ? 
  the first step depends directly on the way you generate electricity . 
  you can use nuclear or renewable . 
  the transmission has some loss indeed , but not nearly enough to be a major downside . 
  the heating has virtually no loss . 
  since electric losses are mainly converted to heat , which is exactly what you want to achieve here . 
  belgian beer is twice as strong though . 
  because the royal family created that law . 
  basically you 're saying that we have to keep the royal family because they said so . 
  i disagree there . 
  at the very least they should pressure for a political solution for a stop to the chemical weapons use , with an independent check from the un . 
  you ca n't just ignore a chemical attack . 
  you may not have to use force since it 's likely not the best result , but you ca n't not even talk about it . 
  it 's not about the cost . 
  it would n't be much for every french to give me enough for a lifelong free salary , but would it be fair ? 
  many companies are . 
  eads ( airbus , eurocopter , astrium ... ) is officially registered in the netherlands too , but they do n't even have an office there . 
  maybe this should be solved by education instead of forbidding the language . 
  if it 's an issue that threatens the country , why not force it more in schools instead ? 
  demand a minimum level in dutch/french to pass secondary/high school . 
  otherwise , compulsory summer courses every year until you reach the level . 
  of course these courses would force you to spend the month in flanders/wallonia . 
  nothing forbids a civil servant to talk to you in dutch or english in france . 
  you ca n't force them , but they can . 
  should wallonia ban dutch ? 
  wow , i did n't know de caunes was known in the uk . 
  interesting timing . 
  the most clever would be not to answer though . 
  the `` cloud '' is very convenient . 
  do n't throw it all away . 
  for example you can very well encrypt your sensitive documents and use that server as a backup . 
  for email , check out runbox ( norway ) and posteo ( germany ) . 
  otherwise you can get an email by buying a domain name in any european registrar . 
  i use gandi ( france ) . 
  for cloud , there 's jottacloud in norway and wuala in switzerland . 
  otherwise you can opt for encrypting yourself and use any service . 
  or you can make your own cloud by renting some space on a server in any hosting company . 
  really ? 
  i prefer it , the slight difference helps jumping from one line to the other without getting lost in the square block . 
  i find it less tiring . 
  from afar , justified looks better though . 
  i 've seen it posted here a few months ago . 
  thanks . 
  yes , i 'll wait for a non-british source . 
  it 's commonplace from them to lie about european policies , the eu even has a blog to correct them . 
  in parallel , the eads ( airbus ) direction has been making important moves to remove the control of states over them . 
  they bought back the states shares to remove their right of control , and enders ( ceo ) has been saying he wants to go in that direction . 
  i think he said he does n't want to go with states loans again in the future to avoid that kind of political pressure . 
  he keeps saying he wants to be a normal company , without political pressure and no work share obligations . 
  for once , the french and the british agree on something . 
  i think in france employers have to pay for half the public transport cost ( if you use it to commute of course , but cards are n't limited so it works all the time ) . 
  at least mine does . 
  buy one used . 
  much better value . 
  i see 2 reasons : - our surveillance ca n't be as extensive as the us , since we do n't have the majority of the switches and servers on our territory , nor the kind of money the us military has . 
  - a difference of culture in the way we see the government . 
  several friends told me they 'd rather get spied on by their government than the us ( i tend to feel like that too ) , when americans seem more worried about us spying than foreign one . 
  in europe , we think that we have power on our government . 
  in the us , they think that the government has power over them . 
  for example you find that difference in the way politics go . 
  in europe , we want the government to do more because it works for us . 
  in the us , they want it to do less so it has less power on them . 
  there 's also the stance on firearms ; in europe we do n't fear our government , we think we control it ; in the us they keep firearms to protect themselves from it . 
   but i have a really hard time believing that the u.s. is stealing secrets from say , vw , and passing them on to gm . 
  it happens . 
  for example , it 's been published that 20 years ago the us caught airbus bribing saudi officials , and made them lose the contract ( in favor of boeing ) . 
  it 's an instance where it 's difficult to criticize . 
  obviously it 's only the stories that seem justified that the us publish , but of course they 're not going to do so when it 's against american companies . 
  what it does show is that they use their military spying capabilities to perform industrial spying , and help their national companies .
