  increased trade is beneficial to both parties . 
  germany benefits from having the uk in the eu , and the uk benefits from it as well . 
  why did you pick that one ? 
  edit : roughly it means `` freedom unfortunately often needs to be given the blood of the revolted people . 
  you had the courage to say `` no '' , and it 's unfortunately too rare . 
  all my condolences go to your family . 
  i know , it could be , but that 's just one strong argument for a strong reaction . 
  i 'm sure that kind of political decision needs to be more justified than this , seeing what switzerland wants to get , see what we want to get , find some agreement that makes everyone better . 
  when i say `` makes everyone better '' , it 's not only an economic calculation . 
  the political statement that the eu gets from that ( what you 're talking about ) is an important aspect as well . 
  but the whole point of this kind of negotiation is to work something with that . 
  cutting all negotiation is only done once you 're sure that no beneficial agreement can be reached at all , taking everyone 's interests into account ( including the eu not wanting to look weak ) . 
  and i doubt that nothing is doable there , although of course i do n't know the details . 
  i do n't know exactly what 's feasible , but you could imagine that switzerland agrees on some rules on those quotas that work well with what the eu wants to keep allowed the most , and agree some other things in exchange , while finding some wording and presentation that makes the eu look like they negotiated strongly and got a lot out of it . 
  diplomacy should n't be made while angry or butthurt . 
  edit : that being said , on a personal level , i would find it quite satisfying to see the eu showing what a kick in the table does to populists . 
  i guess that 's why i 'm not a negotiator . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  it 's a natural reaction to fight against an attack , but it might not be the most constructive action . 
  maybe it is in that case though , but it 's a bit more complicated than taking it badly and not talking to each other . 
  i guess it will largely depend on what can still be negotiated . 
  i never activate data when abroad . 
  i just download offline maps before leaving . 
  i think you can do that with google maps , but i use maps with me because i really like osm . 
  i know a french girl at epfl , apparently the french there just hope to graduate and be hired before this change is applied . 
  i thought it was paris ? 
  edit : well apparently in 2013 it was close enough so that nobody agrees on it . 
  the french say it 's paris , the british say it 's london , and nobody else give a shit . 
  in 2012 it was paris . 
  that 's still a shitload of money . 
  holy shit . 
  if it gets really bad they could threaten to open their own competitor dns database . 
  that wo n't happen because the problems it would cause are n't worth it compared to what the us does with the internet now , but technically they could if it went worse . 
  although they could do it only for selected domain extensions ( like the european ones only ) , copy the rest , and force european isps to use their servers . 
  so they would end up controlling those domain extensions completely in the eu . 
  technically , if some really bad disagreement happens , you could imagine several dns databases in competition . 
  you 'd have to select which one to use though , which would be very inconvenient and would create a lot of problems , but it would work . 
  it would n't be the end of the internet . 
   a belgian friend tells me the snobbish frenchman is a stereotypical character in their jokes . 
  it 's alright , the dumb guy in french jokes is always belgian . 
  twice the fun when you exaggerate the accent . 
  well i just skimmed over them , right . 
  yes obviously . 
  i do n't think people are suggesting it would be that rough . 
  nobody said it was racist . 
  that 's because you do n't know them very well . 
  try stowa , junghans , sinn , nomos , glash\u00fctte original , or lange , they 're all among the best in their market . 
  up there with the swiss . 
  are you seriously arguing that increasing the price of swiss exports would have no effect on their volume ? 
  not everything that 's made in switzerland is bought because it 's expensive . 
  actually that 's just watches , and still , only a part of them . 
  even before the swiss knew how to make you feel unwanted . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can enter switzerland with an id card . 
  i 've done it several times . 
  a passport is preferred ? 
  where does that come from ? 
  i 've travelled between france and the uk at least a dozen times with my id card and they never said anything . 
  [ or are they hills ? 
  that 's corruption only if the guy who decided this got a personal gain from it . 
  right , but many see themselves as near the `` center '' , whether that 's geographical of the continent , the union , the western/eastern/southern / northern part , the economically hot zone , the largest countries , at a junction of many networks , or simply being in the middle of many countries and capitals . 
  for example , vilnius might be near the geographical center of the continent , but i would n't say `` easy to reach from any european state '' . 
  you hear this statement from france to hungary , and apparently much more north as well . 
   in the very center of europe it 's funny , it seems that most countries see themselves as `` in the center '' of europe . 
  this is really cheap . 
  5km during the day without any wait or luggage would be around 10 $ or 15 $ here . 
  again , it 's ridiculous . 
  with the same amount of work than anyone else they can move , and saying that being native in english is a disadvantage is ludicrous . 
  native english speakers have a huge professional unfair advantage over everyone else . 
  in france as well , but that does n't mean it 's a reason to complain to others that it 's unfair if they do better . 
  take a look at the `` grin report '' . 
  the british are seriously complaining that they 're bad at languages ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  it was even published that the uk gains 17 to 18 billions euros per year because their native language is english . 
  i went to berlin beginning of december . 
  there was snow . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a joke or if you really did n't understand his comment . 
  the fact that this income is much lower than what you would accept for living . 
  the serious aviation news sources pointed out the great year for both companies . 
  [ example ] ( http://www.flightglobal.com/news/articles/analysis-airbus-and-boeing-post-new-orders-and-output-394776/ ) [ and one in french ] ( http://www.air-cosmos.com/industrie/airbus-vs-boeing-un-partout-en-2013.html ), 
  you 'll miss the cheese . 
  ( a french who went to the uk for a year a while ago ), 
  i did the other way around . 
  i went for a year of master in the uk , from france . 
  i already had a less specialised meng though . 
  the main reason to do that in the uk rather than in an equally good uni elsewhere was the added benefit of the language . 
  no company doubts your ability to work in english if you have a british diploma . 
  and i had a clear opportunity there for some other reasons , that helped . 
  i did rack up a bit of debt though , but only a year was manageable . 
   for example , the `` shoah-nanas '' song , is mostly just offensive for the sake of being offensive . 
  to explain for those who do n't know , there 's a song that goes `` chaud ananas '' , which means `` hot pineapple '' , and dieudonn\u00e9 pronounces the first syllables like `` shoah '' , and he dances to it and gets the crowds to sing along . 
  that 's just basically laughing off the holocaust . 
  other comedians have made holocaust jokes which are fine , but here the intention seems rather poor in taste , especially since there actually is no joke there . 
  did you watch his whole video ? 
  he explains that a court has made him forced to pay 30000 $ to the remembering of the shoah . 
  he disagrees with the judgement , saying that money wo n't help and it 's just for some quick bucks ( that 's his opinion , not mine ) . 
  so he says that for the remembering of the shoah he made a song . 
  and this song happens to be very stupid . 
  yes , it 's not a good joke , but i had the impression that he 's just mocking the people who force him to commemorate the shoah by paying rather than the holocaust itself . 
  i 'm not talking about your look ( although it sometimes help ) , but your accent . 
  like if i come to the uk and speak english , most people will know i 'm french .
