  i highly doubt that his fuel indicators were faulty , that 's a major failure on an aircraft . 
  it would really be an amazing coincidence that it happened just as he was blocked from some airspace . 
  from what i understand , his plane was denied some airspace , and did n't have enough fuel to just go around it . 
  it was planned to refuel in portugal , and of course if you block the whole west-europe airspace you ca n't reach it . 
  so he landed in a nearby airport . 
  you can easily find out the airports he could still reach because you know how much fuel he still had at the time , since it was enough to follow his initial flight plan . 
  next , his plane was either searched or not , but if it was he gave his agreement . 
  he did n't have to . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2355675/confusion-flight--rumored-carrying-edward-snowden--grounded.html ) 's a map of the flight . 
  we can see he could have landed in at least linz , innsbruck , munich , ljubljana ... and that 's just the major airports , a falcon 900 could land on many regional airports too . 
   why exactly do you think morales says that the refusal to use some european airspace put him and his crew in danger ? 
  because he wants to make noise . 
  as a pilot said in another thread , he had enough fuel to reach a good dozen major airports , up to prague even . 
  his life was never in danger . 
  my point was that he was forced to land somewhere of course , but that has nothing to do with his plane being searched or not . 
  once on the ground he could perfectly refuse a search . 
  http://www.jottacloud.com/ ( norway ) https://www.hubic.com/ ( france ) ( i know ) https://www.wuala.com/ ( switzerland ), 
  needing fuel has nothing to do with searching the plane . 
  some sources say that they did n't , some say that they did with the agreement of both morales and the pilot . 
  ok , 1 bad story for france . 
  sorry i ca n't state the score , i 've stopped counting for the us after the first hundred . 
  they ca n't spy massively outside of france . 
  unlike the us , they do n't have a worldwide coverage of echelon , and they ca n't access the servers of the largest internet companies . 
  depends , i 've been to some places where it was a problem . 
  last time i went to northern spain for example , and could only get by with my broken spanish . 
  even the hotel receptionists did n't speak a word of english sometimes . 
   of course it does . 
  they 're not saying what the mainstream medias and political parties agree with . 
  hence they get differential treatment . 
  they get differential treatment from people , and opinion pieces . 
  not the media . 
  they get the same time , are asked questions just as hard . 
  of course if you read lib\u00e9ration they criticize them , they never said they were neutral . 
  if you read minute it 's the other way around . 
  it 's not as if the communists had a much better view from the mainstream media . 
   it does , but the fn divides the right less and less as it has been shown the fn also takes left-wing voters . 
  but also , as a principle , the ps needs to look like it does n't want the fn to succeed , so it 's official position is to not give the fn signatures , and those signatures are made public , admittedly so that mayors do n't dare sign for the fn out of fear of repercussions . 
  that makes sense , but i ca n't blame the mayors and parties for that . 
  personally i would support an additional way to replace a number of mayor signatures by citizen signatures ( maybe with a quite high exchange rate to avoid too much trouble with smallish parties ) . 
  but the fn proposes that the mayor signatures are anonymous , which i find unacceptable . 
  an elected representative is supposed to represent his population ; making his actions secret would remove that concept . 
  ok , that 's bad . 
  not surprising though , but bad . 
   it 's true , they always play victim , but to be honest they actually have reasons to . 
  there is a differential treatment towards them . 
  maybe it comes from what they say . 
  maybe . 
   all mainstream parties announced they would expel any of their mayors that would give their signature to the fn . 
  that 's weird . 
  the ps benefits from the right being divided . 
   the same way the national assembly was made non-proportional for the widely admitted goal of making it harder for the fn to have representatives . 
  source ? 
  my understanding was that it 's made to reduce the weight of small parties , not specifically the far-right . 
  it 's a given that she will use that to play the victim in 2017 ( next presidential election ) . 
  she and her father always do that . 
  for example , every election , when all candidates must bring in 500 mayors signatures , they make a week or two of huge media noise about how they will not make it and it 's a conspiracy . 
  and every single time , since 1974 ( first time of her father ) , they make it . 
  that 's a nice principle in writing but it does n't hold up well to hate speech , incitation to violence , or libel . 
  i am . 
  i thought they 'd spied on us , but i did n't think they would share the data . 
  at least i hope they did get american data in exchange . 
  that would mean their just dishonest , not also incompetent . 
  that 's right , even outside europe . 
  there 's a center in russia , one in india , an assembly line in china , and an assembly line in construction in the us . 
  and that 's not talking about the suppliers . 
  it is indeed european , not french . 
  it 's even assembled in spain . 
  it 's components , the design , and the testing are shared with germany , france , and the uk . 
  also there are many suppliers from everywhere . 
  yes . 
  although i started earlier than prism by slowly using another address . 
  this mep is an idiot . 
  i could totally understand if he explained that being a mep is n't a 9-5 job , and that he works from different location at different times . 
  the system of giving 300 $ for showing up is stupid but is n't his fault , and i would probably make sure to get that part of my salary too . 
  but faking a lack of comprehension and assaulting a journalist is really dumb . 
  what does that have to do with strasbourg ? 
  because he 's not german . 
  funny , it 's the other way around for me . 
  it has changed meaning in the last decade . 
  it makes really no sense to keep using it for francs , nobody mentions francs anymore . 
  the equivalent of bucks or quids would be `` balles '' . 
  i have no idea where it comes from , it means balls . 
  it used to be very used before the euro to designate one franc , then its usage declined because nobody knew if it meant franc or euro . 
  now it 's being more and more used again to mean a euro . 
  i wonder if ( or how much ) the prices are going to go up for that . 
  they could work with ubuntu , canonical is british . 
  eubuntu maybe , for the eu institutions , and maybe the willing member states . 
   with the rise of brics , europe will only continue to go downhill economy is n't a zero-sum game , the rise of the brics will make the rest of the world ( including the us and europe ) better off . 
  i 'll need a linux app personally , but i 'll keep the link around . 
  obviously the answers are quite biased here , since everybody on reddit speaks a good english . 
  but generally esperanto is quite hated for some reason . 
  people do n't like what they do n't know . 
  [ here are some pictures , taken from the airbus plant ] ( http://imgur.com/a/yxymn ), 
  if it can hover with it why not . 
  la d\u00e9p\u00eache is bad ? 
  i 've never heard that . 
  apart from the fact that our laws are much more protective , and that europe has a more trustable past on internet laws , i much prefer to risk being spied on by my country ( or the eu ) than by the us . 
  i have a right to vote and protest in my country , whereas in the us i can only bear with it . 
  i also know the laws of my country , and its legal system . 
  woops , i do n't know why but i understood the question about comics , not movies .
