  how , that city really is beautiful . 
   `` there can only be movement here if we offer the french an alternative for strasbourg '' yep . 
  i wish they would stop that , and find some alternative for the activity in strasbourg . 
  that 's the only way to wish to make it pass . 
  plus , the eu has a great infrastructure in strasbourg , so it would make sense to use it for some other institution that does n't have to be linked to the parliament , like germany has with the ecb . 
  you really only took the parts you like from it . 
  they said it 's a good and important project , but it 's a significant investment ( even if worth it in the long term ) and the difficulties the italians make put in danger the calendar . 
  therefore , they delay the french side because they see that the italians will not be on time . 
  their `` priority '' ranking is done only by date , not by importance . 
  they did n't say it 's a useless project at all , they did n't say it 's not worth it , they did n't say it 's good to delay it . 
  they say they 're forced to delay it because of the delay of the base tunnel . 
  the italian resistance to this project is a shame , unless it 's just about the corruption of the construction work , and not the actual project . 
  your article only quotes one member of the commission who 's against the project . 
  it 's not the position of the government , just one person . 
  i 've looked into the full report of called `` mobilit\u00e9 21 '' by the ministry of transports . 
  here 's everything they say about the lyon-turin : - page 13 : they consider that this project is important for european integration , in particular for economic development . 
  but they also say that this criteria should n't be the only one for establishing a priority . 
  - page 34 : the base tunnel of the lyon-turin link is excluded from the analysis , because there is already an inter-government agreement with italy . 
  - page 40 : they define as `` first priority '' the projects to engage before 2030 . 
  they define `` second priority '' the project to engage between 2030 and 2050 . 
  - page 40-41 : they explain that the realization of the lyon-turin ( or the canal seine-northern europe ) still puts too much incertitude on the global budget and would likely delay most new ( and still unplanned ) projects to 2028 , unless the transport budget is extended for those . 
  therefore they have n't considered in their analysis the impact of the financing of those 2 projects . 
  - pages 45 and 48 : in both scenarios ( which vary by economic recovery of the country ) , they propose to put the french side access to the lyon-turin access as `` second priority '' . 
  - page 57 : they describe the different components of the french side of the lyon-turin . 
  then i quote literally :  the commission confirms the long-term interest of the realization of the planned access , linked with the realization of the project of binational link . 
  however , taking into account the incertitudes on the calendar of the base tunnel , the commission could n't ensure that the risks of saturation and usage conflicts justifying the project 's realization would intervene before the years 2035 to 2040 . 
  in consequence , she classes the access project to the binational link as second priority , whatever the considered financial scenario [ meaning national economics ] . 
  she recommends a specific follow-up of the development conditions of the global project , with a minimum of 5 years , to check regularly the probable horizon of realization of the french access . 
  - page 72 : they underline one of the conclusions , that is the `` incompatibility of the lyon-turin and canal-seine-north projects with the realization of other projects given the current budget . 
  so basically , the things to get from that : - the lyon-turin link is judged very beneficial in the long term , linked with european integration and economic development . 
  - they excluded the base tunnel and italian side from the study since it 's outside their competence . 
  - the realization of the french side will have a significant cost , therefore they do n't want to make it too soon and advise to review its calendar every 5 years in accordance with the advance of the base tunnel . 
  - the main driver to say that the french side is seen to be engaged between 2030 and 2050 is the incertitude of the base tunnel . 
  they do not think that tunnel will get done before then because of the current difficulties ( especially on italian side , and need of particular budget in france ) . 
  ps : also , it 's worth noting that this does n't reflect the decisions of the government . 
  it 's only a proposal made by a commission which does n't have a decision power . 
  this article does n't talk about this line at all . 
  it mentions the `` paris-orl\u00e9ans-clermont-lyon '' and `` route centre europe atlantique '' ( for which they put a priority ) . 
  the former has indeed a low priority , but it is n't needed at all for the new link with italy ( and they do n't say they consider it useless at all , just less useful before the paris-lyon is saturated , which is n't the case ) . 
  we 're talking here of the lyon-turin , which is linked mostly to the existing paris-lyon . 
   it 's going to destroy a beautiful valley by building a single railroad ? 
  it 's always better than have all those people and freight pass on a motorway is n't it ? 
  people in the alps valleys have been complaining for decades about the freight traffic . 
   just for the politicians and the mafia to make money and to put rome at 4 hours of paris instead of 7 if i remember well . 
   only for goods , not passengers source ? 
  the french sources i have show that this line is supposed to have tgvs using it , with passengers . 
   just an expensive railway to make rich the corrupted politicians just because there 's some corruption in italy does n't mean we should n't do anything . 
  it means we should do it while fighting corruption . 
   leading to no destination ridiculous . 
  lyon , paris , bruxelles , london , geneva ... and turin , milan , rome ... this is the kind of investment that needed for economic development . 
  the same people protest against austerity , but when a long-term investment with clear economic benefit is planned , they block it . 
  seriously , this is a ridiculous post . 
  you make it sound like you want to inform people about the issue/debate , but you just post a picture that does nothing but paint the protests in a good light regardless of what happens ( including the violence ) , and a message with a heavy bias just summarizing the point of view of the protesters . 
  the simple fact that bbc does n't include the uk when they mention `` in europe '' shows that they have an anti union bias . 
  also , the national bbc channels have a much stronger bias than their international coverage . 
  they do n't feed the same news to the british and to the rest of the world . 
  how does euronews manages to have a strong eu bias , when they never comment any news and keep it very short and to the main facts ? 
  hell , they even have a part called no comment where it 's just images within any comment or explanations . 
  there 's euronews . 
  i 've remarked that you 've tried to be quite neutral in your first comments , and that when you were not it was obvious it was just your opinion . 
  honestly this is pretty nice , many people tend to present their view with a lot of bias when talking to foreigner ( who ca n't really judge it ) . 
  so well done i guess . 
  personally i still find some parts quite fast to criticize other parties without much critic of the fn , but that 's certainly due to the fact that i disagree with that party . 
  at least i must admit that it 's appropriate when trying to explain why people vote for them . 
  i did n't mean my comment to be rude , certainly it was badly worded . 
  just i thought people with different convictions would have presented it differently ( for example , it 's difficult to not talk about social policies when describing the fn ) , so it could n't hurt giving people the information before they judge of it . 
  he 's presenting it from the point of view of a militant . 
  he 's in the fn party . 
  not that it invalidates what he says , but that 's worth noting . 
  it 's going to be difficult for them to see that common enemy as the eu , and not each other . 
  yes , certainly . 
  but not that much , since people who work in these areas do speak english . 
  simple , most people do n't care . 
  they see no use for english , and that 's not wrong in many cases . 
  i do n't think it 's because the french think french is `` superior '' . 
  but we do think that english is n't superior . 
  it 's just yet another language , especially outside of international settings . 
  the french see no reason of favouring english for anything official . 
  of course it 's not the case at work , when people communicate with foreign colleagues . 
  but people see no reason to translate a registry in english and not in german , spanish or italian . 
  it 's not that we favour french , it 's just that we do n't favour english . 
  and ironically this week-end is the wine fair here . 
  get drunk on good wine for cheap ( except all the bottles you end up buying ) . 
  there 's a picture too : http://www.legorafi.fr/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/felix-370x290.jpg, 
  thanks , fixed . 
  i usually do n't do too many mistakes ( especially the last one ) , but translating makes you mix up languages . 
   do you guys ever also refer to the uk as `` bretagne '' ? 
  no , `` bretagne '' is brittany ( the french region ) . 
  the uk ( or rather great britain ) is `` grande-bretagne '' . 
  some popular ones : - toulouse : he gets shot 46 times for asking for a `` pain au chocolat '' * [ in toulouse , that pastry is called `` chocolatine '' ] * - fort boyard : a contestant forgotten in a cell found 7 years later * [ fort boyard is a tv show where people get locked in cells ] * - smiling too much in the metro , he ends up under arrest * [ someone actually told me that story as a fact ] * - he challenges himself to live for a year without breathing and dies suddenly after 1 minute 20 . 
  - felix baumgartner to attempt a solo crossing of the paris region by rer line b * [ rer is a kind of metro/train hybrid ] * some recent ones : - france surrenders without conditions to brittany * [ following some quite violent protests there ] * - he hesitates to like a comment of his ex about harassment fearing it might be taken as harassment . 
  - depressed , fran\u00e7ois hollande spends the week-end listening to sad music on loop . 
  - a signaling problem on the line 6 of the metro prevents jay-z to go to his concert . 
  - the band `` one direction '' separates after the first sexual intercourse of their leader . 
  - yemen : children finally able to divorce - `` i am a victim of internet harassment '' says bachar al assad . 
  - unemployment rise : the government blames an overflow of saved lives on the roads in september . 
  - zimbabwe : mugabe running short of human rights declarations to clean his palace 's windows . 
  - overbooking : the airlines was also selling the pilots seats . 
  - fukushima : the japanese government apologizes for not apologizing earlier - hospitals and clinics : the ranking of the best rankings - morgan freeman bored from hearing morgan freeman 's voice in his head - scandal : the son of kate and william found entirely naked right out of his mother 's womb - internet explorer encountered a problem and needs to close - the national unemployment agency announces the hiring of 3.2 millions of advisors - football : the fc barcelona hires a 7 month-old foetus - toulouse football club negotiates the transfer of christino ronaldo for 2 airbus a380 - apple unveils their low-cost little piece of plastic for 599 $ - samsung unveils their new 312 inches tablet ( [ pic ] ( http://www.legorafi.fr/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/galaxy-tab-king-size.png ) ), 
  it 's a tradition in french high-schools and universities .
