  it was an article about a paris office where they made post-it pictures on the windows , so nothing related to that law . 
  the guy explains that he just wanted to test if google actually reviewed the cases like they are supposed to . 
  and they do n't . 
  actually that 's true ; [ here ] ( http://rue89.nouvelobs.com/2014/07/03/droit-a-loubli-google-a-trouve-lorigine-censure-guardian-253430 ) is a french newspaper who found the guy who requested the removal of one of the guardian articles . 
  it was an article about a paris office where they made post-it pictures on the windows , so nothing related to that law . 
  the guy explains that he just wanted to test if google actually reviewed the cases like they are supposed to . 
  and they do n't . 
   the so-called `` right to be forgotten '' is mostly a craze from politics who wish to bury their mistakes , and from the paranoid luddites . 
  that law is very precise about what is included , and that does n't include accurate articles about public figures . 
  the provider must comply only if one of those conditions is fulfilled :  ( a ) the data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed  ( b ) the data subject withdraws consent on which the processing is based according to point ( a ) of article 6 ( 1 ) , or when the storage period consented to has expired , and where there is no other legal ground for the processing of the data ;  ( c ) the data subject objects to the processing of personal data pursuant to article 19 ; ( a ) a court or regulatory authority based in the union has ruled as final and absolute that the data concerned must be erased ;  ( d ) the data has been unlawfully processed . 
  also , if the provider do n't agree , he can refuse , in which case the requester can ask its country 's authority to review the case . 
  so basically , if the article was indeed `` factually correct '' , and contained all the up-to-date and relevant information about the case , it would n't have been removed . 
  unless google accepted it without being forced . 
  the current law does n't allow for that kind of deletion . 
  in switzerland you have to pay a full year . 
  i did n't say it was impossible , or even unlikely in a more unified europe . 
  i just said that culturally , france is very uniform . 
   france is not a culturally uniform entity it 's pretty close to that then . 
  not for the arts . 
   according to this page ( quoted at the bottom , under salaries ) . 
  that 's not including tax . 
  after tax it becomes 6.25 thousand per month which translates to 75 thousand per year . 
  thanks for that , that does seem reasonable . 
   you can very easily make it look like a lot , by including all of the benefits and excluding tax , then doing it for the whole year or their whole tenure , and you can also make it look very small by counting it for one year or one month and excluding perks and including tax . 
  yes , but in the end the net monthly ( or yearly ) salary is difficult to falsify , and easily understandable . 
  unless there are more professional expenses that they need to pay themselves too , or some perks ( like a car ) . 
   an mep earning 40 thousand euros a year does n't sound that extravagant indeed it does n't , that 's quite low actually . 
  where did you get that number though ? 
  to be honest i 'm a bit lost with the numbers provided in that thread in general , people throw around salaries from $ 30k to $ 200k a year ; and my german is schlecht . 
  no it 's not . 
  there is no actor . 
  the guy who does the english voice is just as `` original '' as the one who does the spanish one . 
  you might argue that other languages than english come from a translation of the script ( which is n't always true as the author is n't always american ) , but then dubbing vs subtitling make no difference . 
  the english voices are no more original than any others . 
  it 's not like the `` actors '' have original voices , they 're drawn . 
  in french at least they do a really good job and you ca n't see anything really . 
  not just the simpsons , but most cartoons . 
  even for movies it 's incredibly good . 
   france experiences `` multicultural collapse '' due to the failure to assimilate immigrants from france 's former african colonies , resulting in the creation of an `` arab piedmont '' in the south east . 
  with english dubbing i guess . 
  the simpsons are dubbed in any language . 
  it 's a cartoon . 
  edit : what i mean is that the `` actor '' do n't have an original voice . 
  even the english version is people dubbing it . 
  the simpson 's spanish voice is n't less original than the english one . 
  it depends where you go i imagine . 
  i went to barcelona and found that many people spoke decent english , but then i got to northern spain ( cantabria , asturias ... ) and english was almost worthless there , even with young people ( university students ) . 
  even hotel receptionists did n't speak a word of english sometimes . 
  i had to go with my broken spanish ( which is fair i guess ) . 
  ps : those northern regions are lovely btw . 
  pence is plural . 
  france , belgium , the netherlands ... even finland to an extent . 
  obviously , i do n't mean to say that they 're exactly the same , that they have the same trade and type of industry . 
  i mean to say that they have ( and have had for a long time ) a very similar standard of living , gdp per capita , general level of development , healthcare ... for the last decades , it has n't been a drastic change of living ( economically or socially , not culturally ) to move between those countries . 
  germany is the obvious counter-example , but just as much as italy or spain . 
  some did better , some did worse , and it does n't look clear whether the uk would have gone the way of spain or germany . 
  chances are it would have gone similarly . 
  i know it 's not a sound and scientific study , there 's no point arguing on the details . 
  it 's more a very general remark why i 'm not convinced of the effect you take for granted . 
  and it 's not like `` having had an awful labour government for 13 years '' is a very scientific base either . 
  we 're talking broad picture and feeling , and that 's fine . 
  i really do n't find it that obvious . 
  it 's not like every other country have been praising its government the whole time . 
  if you look at the broad picture , it does n't look like euro vs pound made much difference for the uk . 
  it 's not doing much better or worse than economically equivalent countries . 
  in the end , i think the effect of a single currency area on the continent was n't too different for any country close to or inside the eurozone . 
  this money has affected ( for better or worse , that 's not the point ) the whole continent . 
  the uk 's economy is completely linked to the rest of the eu , and the rest of the eu is just as well linked to the uk . 
  that 's why i 'm unsure about a uk leaving . 
  in a way it might unlock some decisions , but in another it would n't be good ( for both the uk and the rest of the eu ) to have reduced trade . 
   juncker is a euro-federalist . 
  that basically means more power to the eu , more integration , more of everything . 
  that is very adverse to most of the british position , who seem to want a lot of repatriation of powers , means transfer of sovereignty back to individual countries . 
  i do n't see how schulz or verhofstad would be less europhile . 
  it 's not that clear really . 
  the eurozone is 18 countries , only a bunch have seen problems with that crisis . 
  the uk is n't doing better than eurozone countries with equivalent development and wealth . 
  and nobody sees p\u00e9tain in a good light in france . 
  it 's more than that . 
  they also propose a mix of strong state , strong police force ( `` assumed legitimate defense for the police '' ) , forbidden protests on some topics ( like support for illegal immigrants ) , `` zero tolerance '' in schools , `` zero tolerance '' on anything illegal , extended prison sentences , guaranteed full life sentences , death penalty . 
  they also proposed to have the victims families able to take part in the judgement after a crime . 
  they also used to be against abortion , but i ca n't find it in their program anymore . 
   edit : also , the fn is known to not vote/participate in the eu parliament . 
  i do n't expect this to change . 
  one aspect i see is that in 2017 , at the next presidential election , the fn should n't be able to complain about the eu 's actions anymore , since they are the first french party to control it . 
  but i know it 's not going to work out that way , their debates are never based on facts anyway . 
  the fn are not neo-nazis . 
  i hate them , but they 're not neo-nazis . 
  it 's more a relative satisfaction of the status quo compared to alternatives . 
  the `` best '' universities to consider heavily depend on what you 'll be studying . 
  they want france to leave the eu and be ruled by a king , who would be above the constitution , above the parliament . 
  they are not clear on the type of monarchy . 
  they want a christian king apparently , but they 're really vague about the actual laws that they would support for such a regime . 
  actually they 're really vague in the whole program . 
  they want a `` communitarian preference '' ( apparently that means taxes on both french and european importations ) , `` surveillance of the territory '' , and `` preservation of the shared natural patrimony '' . 
  they also want to modify the `` european treaties '' to include the `` christian roots '' . 
  they say that 80 % of the french laws come from brussels , and the usual other anti-eu lies ( the dimensions of vegetables , regulations on cheese making , are mentionned in their program ) . 
  they also want to forbid abortion . 
  honestly that 's not very clear , even after reading the whole website . 
  they mostly complain about politics in france and the eu , and present the royalty as an ideal solution .
