  the eurosceptics did n't nominate a candidate to run , because they do n't want to have to go debating . 
  their main goal is just to get lots of seats and not use them , so they can make the parliament more useless and then complain about the inefficiency of the eu in their national elections . 
  they 've already been doing that actually ; the eurosceptics have objectively been the most useless meps in the past mandates . 
  many shine by their absence , while some bring back every discussion to a rant about their salary . 
  edit : another reason is that they ca n't get along with each other . 
  their entire line is about how other countries bring down their own . 
  by that logic , the best would be to have closed independent cities everywhere . 
  one is a tax haven , and the second is exactly a point of why it 's better within a large union and market . 
  it 's not `` pretty good '' , nobody gives a shit about it . 
  nobody i know knew that they would be voting for actual people , and they do n't care . 
  no media covers the candidates , and no tv channel broadcasts the debate . 
  it 's not only about eurosceptics . 
  see the national coverage of the `` big '' tv debate . 
  if that was the case he would probably not self-identify as french . 
  plus it 's not really possible anymore , schooling is compulsory and in french . 
  although it 's true that some people living abroad can technically have a dual-nationality ( with a french passport ) but not speak french . 
  but then they would n't self-identify as grown in french culture certainly . 
  not exactly i think . 
  first difference is that they tell you beforehand and make you sign that you agree . 
  for emails you can get a domain with email at any european registrar . 
  there 's runbox also . 
  that got away from the point pretty quickly . 
  i did n't say i was corsican or basque though . 
  it 's already quite connected , there 's a european energy market . 
  [ see this for instance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/epex_spot ) . 
  you make it sound like it 's a cultural shock . 
  it 's just a different use of the wording `` french '' , and the american use makes little sense . 
  and you 're kinda wrong on that :  most of you do n't make a differentiation between nationality and heritage many people over here consider that they have a foreign origin/heritage . 
  and they just call it that , an origin . 
  it does n't matter much anyway . 
  it 's just a wording . 
  what we do n't get is how you equate your belonging to a country to your origins rather than your culture . 
  i 've had americans telling me that they 're french , while they do n't speak the language and obviously never grew up in french culture ( food , education , books , movies , lifestyle ... ) . 
  i think that 's a bit ridiculous . 
  anyway it 's not a big deal , you just have to be aware that it does n't mean much when an american tells you he 's from a country . 
  that 's true , but when someone tells me they 're french and they ca n't understand a word of the language i tick . 
  obviously . 
  i was comparing it to the alps . 
  but they go to the desert mountains , like the current international telescopes ( the vlt and the magnetic one ) . 
  what does it have to do with the choice of chile instead of the alps ? 
  one of the main reasons they go to chile is because it 's a desert , so there 's no light pollution . 
  they were talking about couchsurfing , not airbnb . 
  couchsurfing is free . 
  about airbnb , you supposed to already pay taxes via airbnb directly from what i understand . 
  i 've heard the swiss do n't eat meat in the raclette , which would make it very different in both countries . 
  this is factually untrue . 
  first it 's not an obligation for the employee but for the employer . 
  he has to ensure that the employee has the possibility of disconnecting after work hours . 
  if the employee still wants to connections ok , just he should have the choice . 
  second it 's only for a small number of people for now . 
  it only applies to a certain category of companies , and only to people with a contract in days with no mention of work hours . 
  that 's about 250,000 people . 
  source in french : http://rue89.nouvelobs.com/2014/04/10/oh-my-god-frenchies-interdisent-les-emails-professionnels-apres-18-heures-251413, 
  and many people with them . 
  yes . 
  it 's called `` hydraulique '' in french , which is technically right . 
  it 's improving since quite a while . 
  [ that article ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/planete/article/2014/03/13/auto-metro-ou-velo-ou-respire-t-on-le-moins-d-air-pollue_4382697_3244.html ) ( in french ) shows that it 's the contrary . 
  you breath much better air commuting by bike than car . 
  here it 's only until monday , perhaps tuesday if it 's still bad . 
  it 's about 80 % nuclear , 10 % hydraulic , 8 % thermal ( coal , fuel ) , and a few % of renewables . 
  well it 's not like he ever did something significant beyond destroying some mcdonald 's and gmo crops . 
  plus he only cares about that . 
  he was quite ridiculous on his last campaign in france . 
  many people like him , but do not trust him to run anything more than the ecology ministry . 
  jos\u00e9 bov\u00e9 is leader for the greens ? 
  who had this stupid idea ? 
  like there 's nobody serious and responsible in the whole party ... 
  yes , we do n't really have those in france . 
  i mean they exist , but there 's no big and popular network because we have good trains . 
  trains are much better once you have the infrastructure . 
  i do n't see the appeal of it though since we have good trains to everywhere . 
  unless it 's much cheaper it 's not worth developing really . 
  you 're not supposed to do homework apart from the website . 
  you 're supposed to go through the lessons at the pace you choose , they 'll introduce the vocabulary . 
  and you 're supposed to use the `` strengthen skills '' feature regularly , to make you remember that vocabulary . 
  right , although these people have never lived that . 
  they were born afterwards . 
  not really , it 's lost business . 
  it 's not like they have a full waiting list of projects . 
  and an apology is n't sufficient . 
  in some cases they seem to want money , in others it looks like nothing can make sncf compete in their view . 
  yes , because refusing any business to companies that were forced to participate in it is the best way to `` remember '' it . 
  unless they pay . 
  it is an insult to all of modern europe . 
  today 's institutions and people have nothing to do with the holocaust , and using such accusations for protectionism is shameful . 
  the exact same thing have been used against sncf in 2010 for a contract in florida . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/11/14/sncf-railroad-holocaust-apology-_n_783417.html ) . 
  this particular bill has been there for a long time . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/11/14/sncf-railroad-holocaust-apology-_n_783417.html ) is the exact same thing used against sncf in florida in 2010 . 
  the whole move is pretty ballsy , but until now it worked well . 
  it 's as much economic protectionism than apple having a trademark on its name . 
  i think that 's the most responsible approach . 
  you do n't want to go full on aggressive and directly go for a war . 
  it 's the case with many words ending like that . 
  like centre/center . 
  if they 're just nato forces , i guess the us would n't see a problem having a french or british nato military base on their territory . 
  the way i understand it is that since the uk is an important economy , they need to take such a place in the eu politically . 
  otherwise they 'll slowly fall out of the eu and want to leave . 
  in economy , you do n't have to have someone that loses to have someone that wins .
