  why there is n't one ... probably money , or i can put on a tin foil hat and make up other theories . 
  i will not shut the fuck up and will continue to speak up against muslim immigration and their rise in numbers . 
  i do n't share their values nor their culture . 
  and of course , i will also vote accordingly and there 's fuck all you can do about it . 
  we 're not inclusive towards muslims , because we 're not muslim . 
  if they ca n't adapt to our culture , values and way of life , then they can go live someplace else . 
  i 'm simply being realistic . 
  got any links to the job listings ? 
  i 've pushed the ministry before and never got an answer , willing to do it again . 
  since albanian is not part of our school program , it 's essentially discrimination against us natives . 
  but it feels like i 'll have to vote right for the first time in my life for anything to change . 
  no , but if you want to control immigration , you 'll have to discriminate for example . 
  or if you want to boost the native population numbers and not immigrants , you 'll have to discriminate on the basis of social welfare perhaps . 
  there are many cases where discrimination is useful , if you 're trying to balance a system . 
  but again , i said depends on what you consider discrimination . 
  europe has been lax for years . 
  it 's not really working at all . 
  oh look , a croatian nationalist . 
  not terribly original . 
  do you even read the news ? 
  and no , they 're numbers have sharply risen in the recent years causing problems , because they ca n't function in our society due to the language barrier . 
  plus they also present a significant drain on our welfare . 
  edit : sources ( in slovene ) : http://www.vlada.si/fileadmin/dokumenti/si/projekti/2015/begunci/aktivno_za_strpnost_publikacija.pdf http://www.rtvslo.si/zdravje/novice/zdravstvo-je-dobilo-novo-orodje-za-boljse-komuniciranje/412195 http://www.24ur.com/novice/slovenija/zahtevali-znanje-albanscine.html http://4d.rtvslo.si/arhiv/tednik/174457467 http://www.mnz.gov.si/si/novinarsko_sredisce/novica/browse/1/article/12208/10011/ so yes , there are issues with the increasing numbers of albanians from kosovo . 
  and there 's always the question , why do n't we improve the economic conditions for our people to have more kids instead of subsidizing albanian ones with our welfare system . 
  he connected two items without knowing whether or not there was actually any correlation between the two , to prove me wrong . 
  it 's a sore topic for me . 
  this guy lands a really well paid job and cries he needs half a million per yer to do work . 
  meanwhile autistic people here have almost no official support . 
  i 'd rather spend 700 thousand euros on autistic people for example . 
  and they 're not the only group left on their own with very little institutional support . 
  this is why i hate laws like these , they 're made so well paid politicians can sleep better at night . 
  fine , i 'll be more specific next time . 
  no , i 'm done with multiculturalism and people moving to europe , bringing along all their old baggage and feuds . 
  i honestly feel sorry for the secular turks living in turkey , heck i might be even willing do an exchange program when shipping erdogan supporters back . 
  they seem like decent enough people . 
  but i have zero patience and tolerance for importing turkey 's internal disputes into europe , we have enough of our own , thank you very much . 
  it is mentioned in the article and we 're not american , it 's not just about paying taxes , we should demand people to integrate . 
  expanse is decent , but having read the books , i 'm not expecting too much in the long run . 
  the last book has been really disappointing . 
  :( also give more budget for cg , i want more shots of ships in space :(, 
  movies are made for a wider audience in mind who are n't experts on every subject , you either tune it out or be miserable when it come to a topic you 're familiar with . 
  it 's not a documentary nor meant to be a lesson in physics , it 's entertainment for the masses . 
  would be great , if they got everything right , but that would probably take way too much time to fact check everything . 
  erdogan , you can have all the turks from europe back . 
  we 'll even cover the cost of shipping . 
  question is , why have n't they returned to their glorious motherland already ? 
  those evil austrians expecting people to learn their language before giving them citizenship , no wonder it 's the country hitler was born in !, 
  oh look , it 's another german thinking he knows what works best for everyone else in europe , frankly to me you end up looking like an idiot because you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  it 's a position for the sake of filling out some norm , same as this anti-discrimination law . 
  nobody cares about it except certain ngos , activists and politicians that want to look good in brussels . 
  current rep is whining he needs half a million euros per year to even be effective , meaning your `` well paid job '' does `` fuck all '' and is not responsible for the low level of discrimination against women in social institutions . 
  eu pushing some utopian liberal law only serves the eurosceptics . 
  to do what ? 
  public sector needs to be more efficient , that way you actually have money left to spend on people who need care . 
  some fled but they keep coming , we have a ton of bosnians in slovenia and now albanians are crawling in from kosovo , cause problems since according to our government some barely speak their own language ? 
  lol, 
  nah , discrimination has its place and use . 
  it also depends what you consider to be discrimination . 
  we already have a human rights representative , yet know we also have an equality representative . 
  i suppose that 's one way of solving unemployment ... 
  oh right , we had to implement that as well , eu directive they said . 
  what happened is a well known lgbt lobbyist with political connections got a job ( well paid ) , budget of 200 thousand euros a year and is now crying in the media how he needs half a million more to work . 
  elimination of `` all forms of discrimination '' is bullshit utopian thinking anyhow . 
  yes , because liberal people are so open minded these days , 
  thanks , learn something new every day . 
  i guess he might be from west germany . 
  second world country ? 
  constitutions can be changed . 
  nice edit . 
  also ceu initially set up shop in prague and then due to conflict moved to budapest . 
  i 'd say the same thing if the university was promoting far right crap and was sponsored by some russian oligarch . 
  i do n't particularly care for filthy rich people trying to influence society and mold it to their ideals . 
  i do n't care whether they 're liberals or alt-right . 
  is ceu doing that ? 
  do n't know and i already said i do n't care for orban and did n't dispute this was also his petty revenge . 
  university should be a place of learning and discussing different viewpoints , want to push a specific ideology , start a political party . 
  no , it 's not our job to take care of africa . 
  did you miss the 130 thousand legal immigrants part ? 
  do you think those are all highly paid skilled engineers ? 
  majority of those are bosnians , albanians , serbs etc. 
  that do lower end jobs . 
  also shitty under paid jobs ? 
  yeah , but if these people have a couple kids , we 'll also end up paying social welfare . 
  echr lives in a fairyland , it 's not exactly `` a loss '' . 
  i do n't particularly care for orban but whatever . 
  as for ceu , is it politically neutral ? 
  seems to be it 's more slanted towards the liberal side . 
  except in slovenia ( we 're taking less than 1000 though ) . 
  our prime minister really wants a pat on the head from brussels , despite that any town the government wants to open up a center , they get protests . 
  i 'm sure brexit voters all share your sentiment . 
  do you really think you ended up with all the brown foreigners and a muslim mayor in london because of the migration from eu ? 
  edit : i love the brexit brigades on the europe subreddit :d, 
  we have 3000 listings at the job center and 101 thousand registered unemployed . 
  about 130 thousand legal immigrants , already showing signs of poor integration with a class full of albanian students , leaflets helping in albanian cause they ca n't speak to a doctor , courses for medical staff and multicultural `` mediators '' . 
  and yet our government still speaks about asylum seekers integrating and getting a job . 
  they 're migrants and you 're part of the problem . 
  pretty sure a lot of people feel current pro-eu parties are already doing a good job screwing up the eu , but yeah let 's find someone else to blame . 
  you got eurosceptic parties that blame everything bad on the eu and then you have parties in the eu that essentially do n't deal with problems and blame far left/right parties for gaining political support . 
  yeah well , no shit , eh ? 
  and it 's not like mainstream political parties are any better when it comes to leeching the taxpayers ' money , they 're just bigger and cover it better .
