  some people care about money and do n't really give a shit about the culture of their host country , they want welfare , mindlessly churn out some more kids and happily plod along their old ways . 
  i want migrants that actually give a shit about my country , language and culture , not fucks who retire here and still speak their own language . 
  i want people whose kids actually become slovenes and are our friends , coworkers , yet funny enough that does happen and we did n't have to throw money at them and beg them to integrate . 
  some people just do n't want to and those can pack their shit and fuck off . 
  taxes do n't magically make us entitled to every benefit there is . 
  and yeah , god forbid the society would move in a direction where construction workers are paid a decent wage . 
  slovenia is the home of slovenian people , why would it be in our interest to boost or subsidize albanian or bosnian population growth ? 
  so in this context , they 're worth less than slovenian children and thus receive should less benefits from the slovenian state . 
  no , they have a slovenian passport , but they 're not slovenians . 
  because we 're not yugoslavia . 
  too bad we 're also investing in bosnian and albanian children . 
  poor macedonia . 
  nobody is policing their thoughts , their actions however are being limited by law that governs our society . 
  if the direction of our society does n't fit their religious views , they can move to a country that 's more accommodating to their practices . 
  is that why we do n't have any referendums on immigration ? 
  fine by me . 
  i think religious people tend to interpret religious freedom very broadly and above all else , a lot of laws have been written by some very optimistic people . 
  * sigh *, 
  we have a shit ton of bosnians living here now :(, 
   representatives of belgium 's 40,000 jews and 600,000 or more muslims said the vote sent an extremely negative signal to religious minorities . 
  jewish people have israel and muslims have plenty of countries where they can practice their beliefs ... welfare wo n't be so high , but religion ought to come first for these devout people , right ? 
  fuck this . 
  spend the money on our armies to defend our borders :p, 
   this support does n't stop when the son leaves . 
  family members , particularly women , will contact relatives and friends in europe anyone caught doing this should be either instantly deported or imprisoned for aiding illegal immigration . 
  you could declare some people to be potatoes though . 
   he built a fence along the serbian border to keep refugees out and wo n't take the eu quota of those given asylum . 
  * scratches head * there 's war in serbia ? 
  you want an all black festival ? 
  may i suggest holding it in africa ? 
  i think you have a very romantic view of gypsy culture . 
  a gypsy village is basically regular houses ( bonus points for trash lying around ) , usually built without a permit on land they do n't own . 
  they often get a free pass when it comes to crime , so locals like them even less . 
  unchr pushing their propaganda again , it 's pieces like this that turned my heart to stone . 
  i do n't care anymore , toss everyone out . 
  i never said it was the most humane solution but i 'm not willing to sacrifice the stability of europe for their well-being . 
  then again , when they come here , they 're not willing to sacrifice their religion and culture either , so see if i give a damn . 
   i 've heard the word `` diversity '' repeated so many times in the local media during the days i was there that it almost felt like a mantra , a part of a religion or somehitng . 
  yes , the left has found their religion . 
  and ? 
   the group , originally from iraq , sudan , ethiopia and syria , now includes children born at the base ... seriously . 
  you have your morals , i 'll keep my society stable and live with the guilt . 
  anti-refugee ? 
  ask how many people are against financing refugee camps near conflict zones . 
  oh right , that does n't fit your agenda . 
  hell no , you take in one and they feel the need to bring in more . 
  camps near conflict zones and kill the asylum system . 
  makes sense though . 
  those poor refugees who had to flee all the way to germany to reach safety * rolls eyes *, 
  people blowing themselves up in public venues do n't count or is that racist ? 
  i do n't know , if they have a french passport , but it 's reasonably safe to assume , they 're not french . 
  because they 're clearly uncomfortable with our way of life . 
  migration should be more than just the size of a paycheck and welfare but also consider cultural values . 
  and why would it not be ok to ask people who move here to adapt to our ways ? 
  what election , you mean macron vs le pen ? 
  people do n't vote on a single issue alone , pretending le pen does n't have a decent amount of support is dangerous thinking that just might get her in power the next time elections come around . 
  i 'd say a lot of people voted in self interest , not wanting le pen to trash their country , but that does n't mean they 're accepting of muslims . 
  they 're free to move someplace where they 'll fit in more ... welfare might be a bit lower though . 
  but if you 're truly devout ... 
  charities ? 
  possibly the same ones that aid illegal immigration to eu ? 
   `` they know we are all muslims , '' says iyman . 
  `` why could n't they put us all together in tallinn ? 
  at least there we can eat halal . '', 
  oh for fucks sake , why did you come to europe then ? 
  ungrateful fucks . 
  wait another generation until one of the kids blows themselves up in a public venue , because we did n't give them enough . 
  we are pissing against the wind here by taking these people in . 
  * awkward silence as all the brown people stay *, 
  sure , but their self-interest runs counter to mine , so i 'll do what i consider rational and defend my own safety and way of life . 
  to countries which give them the best social welfare . 
   born in manchester in 1994 , the second youngest of four children his parents were libyan refugees who came to the uk to escape the gaddafi regime . 
  technically he is british . 
  not really . 
  you just need to put away the white gloves and get the chain mail ones . 
  economic migrants . 
  piss off . 
  resolve ? 
  they can move to a country which is more closely compatible with their way of life . 
  they pushed their way too far , now people are pushing back . 
  freedom of religion sounds great on paper , but the world is n't perfect . 
  religion is a choice ( if we avoid the whole child indoctrination angle ) , being gay ... somewhat less . 
  not to mention muslims in austria are immigrants , they knew they 're not moving to a muslim country and they 'd have to adapt . 
  they pushed freedom of religion too far , now locals are pushing back . 
  tough luck . 
  religion is still bound by law . 
  they 're free to be devout muslims in some other country . 
  granted , the welfare benefits might be a bit lower , but hey ... if you 're truly devout ... 
  not alarming ? 
  any number over 0 is alarming . 
  ah yeah , brown person on top , then again it 's bbc . 
  we ca n't accept everyone from war torn countries , asylum right now is way to broad . 
  mass refugee problems should be solved via camps near the affected areas . 
  chinese free shipping even for crap worth less than a buck is clearly state sponsored bullshit . 
  i heard just how much tiny packages get to our international posting sorting center , it 's way more than most other countries combined . 
  much like the people forcing their way into europe . 
  if people do n't get the polite message , escalating force is reasonable . 
  ban ngos from docking in eu . 
  only 7 ? 
  i keep hearing this route is supposed to be dangerous and whatnot .
