   for the betterment of all you 're what they call an optimist , right ? 
   an iraqi refugee and his belgian teacher are dismayed to have been given a french lesson book with references to bomb throwers and jails , suggesting that migrants might be extremists . 
  feel free to go back to iraq and the belgian teacher can come along . 
  i mean , europe is such a horrible place , why stay here ? 
  most of these people do n't do shit in their own home countries to improve the situation there , but the second they come to europe they 're full of suggestions . 
  telegraph is about as unbiased when it comes to brexit as independent is when it comes to illegal migrations to europe . 
   serbian authorities have evicted some 1,200 refugees great reporting by independent , i 'm sure all these 1200 have already applied for asylum , right ? 
   german  mesale tolu, 
  no , i 'm realistic . 
  i did n't say romania and bulgaria should never be a part of the eu . 
  and my comment is xenophobic how ? 
  we 're talking about immigration , which is usually for economic reasons , so you could extrapolate from context what i meant with a gap . 
  i do n't think losing skilled workforce benefits romania either . 
  if i wanted to be a xenophobic cunt , i 'd have gone for the crime angle :p, 
  and i 'd agree that we 're not an ideal candidate either . 
  well ... a lot of uk immigrants are n't actually from the eu . 
  at least you 're asking for immigration control , my government straight up praises immigration from former yugoslavia . 
  it 's not a particularly pleasant feeling seeing the demographics change in just a few years . 
  which is why the eu is broken when it comes to the freedom of movement , it 's too one-sided and unbalanced . 
  even as someone from former yugoslavia , i ca n't really blame swiss for not being thrilled about immigration . 
  and i do understand the swiss sentiment , immigration these days is out of control and the change to the society is way too rapid for comfort . 
  albanians are problematic , even here , turks ... well , you only have to read the news and arabs ? 
  the same . 
  though let 's be fair , many of these are n't from the eu . 
  let 's be fair though , uk is a bit silly considering all their non eu immigration . 
  because romania and bulgaria should never have been accepted to the eu in the first place . 
  too much of a gap . 
   stopping the activities of ngos off the coast of libya - in the hope of reducing migration - but without strengthening state-led rescue capabilities , would be both irresponsible and ineffective . 
  if people do n't make it to the eu coast i 'd call that effective ... 
  and you 're a worthless piece of human garbage . 
  see how easy it is to toss out insults ? 
  some worldviews are n't compatible , simple as that . 
  i do n't want religion to be a part of the public life , i do n't want religious organizations to be involved in the food industry . 
  idiots . 
  dude you keep posting these news ... it 's pretty much like posting the weather nowadays . 
   legislative tyranny  paranoid rant  anti-religious bigotry why should i even bother discussing things with you ? 
  i live in a country where religious people overturned same-sex marriage and catholic church managed to do a huge land grab during the privatization proceedings because of their political connections . 
  while i have no problems with acknowledging christian heritage of my culture , i 'll keep being a paranoid bigot . 
  ah , i 'm narrow minded and bigoted , right you are . 
  it 's the evil union of atheists and agnostics that opposes gay marriage the most and gosh , that pesky abortion !, 
  or maybe i just do n't want religion to be a part of my life and yes , that includes my bloody fridge and pantry . 
  funny how religious people can demand everything , yet if i try to draw the line and demand something , i 'm suddenly a narrow minded bigot . 
  and yes , seeing religious organization expanding their sphere of influence to the food industry makes me uncomfortable . 
  because if they could , they 'd gladly dictate me to live my life according to their holy books . 
  seeing how the catholic church acts pretty much makes me treat all religious institutions as a personal threat . 
  uh , we have several tens of thousands bosnians , not counting those that have a slovenian passport . 
  have you ever considered a trip to chechnya ? 
  yeah to balkan countries at least that i know of , that 's why they sometimes avoid the halal branding on products sold mostly locally imho . 
  mind you i 'd be equally annoyed , if the catholic church got their greasy fingers in my chicken nuggets . 
  i just have an uneasy feeling when religious organizations try to expand their influence . 
  i 'd ban religious food certification altogether , mind you some interpretations of halal have slaughter with stunning . 
  my damn chicken nuggets have a halal label , the two major chicken meat companies in slovenia already have halal stickers on many products . 
  they 're just afraid to advertise it more openly though . 
  well , as a white european native ( relatively speaking ) , screw celebrating diversity . 
  it means that my people are being replaced . 
  no thanks . 
  i think europe is diverse enough on its own . 
  it 's retarded thinking like this that makes nutcases like le pen relevant ... 
  what else is new ? 
  grow a pair , rewrite international treaties , stop picking up boats and dismantle the current asylum system . 
  find far right volunteers , hell you could probably ever charge them to do it . 
  rewrite the laws and stop dragging them to italian shores . 
  um , they 're seeking shelter , they got shelter . 
  oh wait , they 're actually seeking to improve their economic situation . 
  and how do you know we 're christians ? 
  my grandfather built one as a car garage and a loft . 
  shame we later sold the property , but oh well . 
   `` the great absentee in europe is solidarity , '' he highlighted . 
  mentioning italy and greece , which can not be left alone to deal with migration , he hinted at the need for a more united front in dealing with the many crises hitting the eu . 
  * facepalm *, 
  does it honestly matter ? 
  ngos are aiding illegal migration to europe regardless who 's funding them , might be the pope himself for all i care . 
  it 's an article presenting someone 's view on the issue , it 's just one interpretation . 
  you really have an idealistic view of ngos , granted some do a lot of good , but i really do n't care for those that are into heavy political activism . 
   if these nations looked after their people better then other nations would n't need to interfere . 
  good idea , cause that absolutely never backfires !, 
  an opinion piece ? 
   this is n't an ethnic conflict lmao, 
  oh piss off , what is better ? 
  i do n't really like the current polish or hungarian government , but on the other hand , i do n't particularly care for ngos that try to enforce their own hardcore liberal worldview with foreign funding and heavy lobbying . 
  cause companies are n't willing to invest in people, 
  this is like saying some ngos have a left wing liberal extremism problem ... 
  yeah god forbid an ethnic group would want to be in charge of their own country ... those evil nationalists !, 
  yet albanians already have albania and kosovo . 
  dismissing ethnic tensions seems a bit silly though . 
  international groups always bitch and moan , what else is new . 
   again , this is nothing that can be `` reformed '' . 
  this is basic human rights and they are not up for negotiation in democratic countries . 
  of course `` basic '' human rights can be up for a negotiation in a democratic country . 
  it 's a man-made law and it can be rewritten . 
  fair enough in this case imho, 
  what 's up with the left lately that makes it pretty much as bonkers as the right nowadays ? 
  yep , when muslims stick together it 's noble , when us natives do it , we 're xenophobic racist bastards . 
   are you talking about refugee camps in europe or about refugee camps in the region here ? 
  as in , i 'd open up refugee camps in europe and stop giving people the sort of asylum that grants them welfare and access to job market , healthcare and education . 
   and you want to grant them what exactly ? 
  asylum in its current form . 
   the current influx is perfectly sustainable for europe . 
  for me , absolutely not and i 'll vote accordingly . 
  i have no desire to share my country with these people in the long term .
