  work on a system that also functions when population shrinks instead of relying on constant unsustainable growth, 
   immigrants are an essential part of the solution to europe 's demographic crisis , as the article suggests not really . 
  * sigh * i hope we stop this stupidity sooner rather than later , when some nutcase like lepen ends up winning an election . 
   refugees or you know , call them illegal migrants who want to get social benefits in europe . 
  why is it inhumane ? 
  who ? 
  for now . 
  you give them a warning , then you block their entry or in worst case , sink them . 
  well i for one do not want to depend on the goodwill of people like erdogan . 
  and i never said anything about any damn wall . 
  and you 'll find same shit among syrians and everyone else . 
  also good thing we import cheap workforce to keep the labor costs down . 
  i mean syrians totally do n't force their way in europe because they want the highest social welfare , oh no , not them . 
  the government should focus on educating and retraining their existing workforce to suit the market conditions . 
  their priority should be their own people not someone in kosovo . 
  are they actually serbs or just you know , people with a serbian passport . 
  cause some might say slovenian muslim but it 's just a bosnian with a slovenian passport . 
  we got 17 thousand ... maybe germany should read the report from our government how hard people from kosovo integrate lol, 
  wage war by ... defending our borders ? 
  * scratches head *, 
  you 're acting as if we have n't been throwing money at africa for years . 
   he urged the eu to establish universities and industries in nigeria to stem the high rate of immigrants to the eu adding , `` if they are looking for greener pastures , it will be within their reach and they will stop taking unnecessary risks . '' or we can invest in our armies and defend our borders . 
  meanwhile slovenian ambassador in bosnia went apologizing to the religious leader there saying muslims were an integral part of slovenia . 
  because a right wing politician said to curb foreign religious funding ... and qatar is funding their mosque in slovenia ... 
  migration to eu is apparently a one way street ... 
   the predominant part of the gang was , according to jacob frydrych , the head of the national drug control center , of vietnamese nationality . 
  racist europe cracking down on foreign entrepreneurs - the guardian, 
  kinda bums me that the new pony frame is made in china given the price they want for it . 
  let me know when they decide to get out of europe . 
  got ta break a few eggs to make an omelette . 
  rip majority slovenian bosnian and kosovar population ( not that i mind ), 
  no it 's not . 
  meanwhile our national media has an article on palestine , ending with author bitching how our country is n't doing enough ... same guy who thanked hamas in his university thesis . 
  rip journalism . 
  have you seen photos of the boats ? 
  they barely make it out to international sea , they even bring sat phones with them so they can call for a pickup err `` help '' . 
  they essentially turned sea rescue into a taxi service . 
  oh goodie , a link to a nazi ideology wikipedia article , why is that so not a surprise . 
  i can already tell this is gon na be a wonderful debate . 
  nice flag . 
  you keep saying that , if we do n't drag them out of the water , they 'd drown , now you 're asking me for proof how i know these boats would n't make it across to europe ? 
  my point is that if you spend 5 minutes reading that account , you realize these people would grant everyone asylum . 
  let them drown in sufficient numbers until they figure out it 's not a viable route anymore . 
  right now it 's like watching lemmings jump off a cliff and we 're dumb enough to keep saving their sorry asses . 
  there 's a difference between going on a boat and trying to make it across versus knowing from the start your boat is n't even close to be able to make the attempt and you basically take advantage of the law that 's meant to help people in distress due to accidents . 
  regarding your edit , i literally told you , ngo social media presence . 
  https://twitter.com/msf_sea these people are n't just trying to save people from drowning , they want to bring them over to europe . 
  and yet eu ca n't decline ? 
  to call them rescue missions is bullshit because a quick glance at ngo social media presence will tell you they have ulterior motives , that is to enable these people passage to europe . 
  thanks for proving my point how expanding eu to the balkan region is a bad idea . 
  or maybe some of us europeans are just fed up with people trying to force their way in . 
  you 're welcome to go to africa and help them build a utopia but do n't drag me into your idealistic bullshit by bringing them over here . 
  and if they go out in a shitty boat basically saying `` take me to europe or i drown '' , this is one game of chicken i 'm not willing to play . 
  the border dispute existed before the arbitration and there was no bribery involved , just one inept and disliked politician that had a conversation he should n't have had . 
  and here , a lovely video how croatia delivered illegal migrants in the middle of the night to our `` green '' border because they were unhappy with the quotas . 
  yeah , that i 'm talking to a liberal . 
  whatever you want to call the richer countries within the eu . 
  even the shithole i live in has a large influx , many of them also then use slovenia as a jumping point up north . 
  and it 's not just migration , we 'd also be importing disputes when eu has enough problems on its own . 
  croatia joining eu did fuck all to improve the relationship with slovenia , two countries in eu and we still have a god damn border dispute . 
  yet laws put limits on those basic human freedoms even in modern european countries , same goes for court rulings . 
  even `` basic '' human freedoms are not absolute . 
  keep dangling that carrot , but having more balkan countries join with the freedom of eu movement ? 
  watch those eu sentiments in mainland europe turn sour again . 
  as if there are n't enough balkan migrants across eu as it is . 
  while the number of old people in our country is growing , majority of old ladies no longer cover their hair nor are their styles similar . 
  pretty sure most slovenes are n't happy with bosnian muslims , thinking they wo n't demand more concessions for islamic faith as their numbers grow is naive . 
  not to mention the number of women with head covers is growing . 
  they were given plenty of warning yet they decided to try and play the system , eventually you have to draw the line . 
  maybe not all cultures are meant to live in a single country ... cause this sure as hell is n't working out . 
  when you need to pour this much effort into one group so that things do n't fall apart even more , maybe we should just accept it as a lost cause . 
   refugee rescue missions oh guardian , at least bbc calls them migrants . 
  i 'm guessing those states do n't complain when industry goes to their region instead of a poorer state ... 
  just do n't cry when people decide a little housekeeping is in order . 
  not like people are n't blowing themselves up in europe . 
   he 's been very pro-immigrantion so a guy with an immigrant background is very pro-migration ? 
  i 'm shocked , absolutely shocked . 
  you mean guy who was born and lives in germany yet seems so heavily invested in kosovo ? 
  yeah i 'm sure the german natives are thrilled . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5vhg2m/lexical_distance_among_the_languages_of_europe/de2dhxo/ ah and you seem to be the same . 
  and then people are shocked why nationalistic tendency is on the rise in europe , 
  you should totally annex kosovo and demand for our countries to ship back your own people that emigrated out of there . 
  keep pushing and we 'll rewrite human rights or just reclassify people on boats as potatoes . 
  why is it up to us europeans to magically solve problems half across the world , we ca n't even keep our own politicians accountable and now we 're suppose to feed africa 's insane population growth and stop people killing each other for whatever dumb reason us people seem to keep finding throughout the history . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  liberals are about as easy to offend as really devout religious people . 
  i can see why people would be vary of albanians lol https://www.reddit.com/r/albania/comments/65fq3t/nj%c3%ab_pyetje_p%c3%abr_shqiptar%c3%abt_e_veriut_dhe_kosov%c3%abs/dgaepme/, 
  * shrug * you have your view , i have mine and i do n't care for importing work force but hiring our own people and enabling them to have families and a nice life without poverty . 
  and yes , other nations had mass immigration and look what 's happening . 
  it 's not stable in the long run , we humans just do n't function that way , apply pressure to society and it fragments , having some commonality is good . 
  i 'm happy to accept a limited number of immigrants , but i 'm not willing to give away my country to bosnians and albanians or serve as their starting point for eu , fuck em , they have their own country and they can work to make them better . 
  i 'm not a hard core nationalist , i do n't think i 'm better than them in any way , however i 'm not gon na be a typical slovene and just bend over . 
  that 's a really piss poor counter-argument for saying a group deserves benefits . 
  if you have a region that 's underdeveloped , you apply subsidies and grants to boost development . 
  benefits are just another way to regulate society , much like taxes and fines . 
  and it 's in our interest to have more slovenian children than bosnian , so benefits are just another way to steer that in a direction that benefits us . 
  i guess we should give benefits to everyone regardless how much they earn and those regional development programs also need to be scrapped then , let 's not forget handicapped people either . 
  benefits can be redistributed , some groups get benefits ... some do n't , depending on their status and how you want to shape society . 
  and it 's in slovenia 's interest having more slovenian kids than albanian , one way to affect that is through benefits . 
  grow up and get a new pair of rose tinted glasses , then suddenly discover how magical and beautiful people are ?
