so ... prisons are a no go then ? 
  think of all the channels they can get !, 
  yes , abortion is a woman 's right because it concerns a woman 's body , women carry the child for 9 months and all the risks associated with it and the pains of giving birth . 
  you just stick your dick ( in your case for about a minute ) and your `` hard work '' is done . 
  i think you 'd be equally appalled if some feminist could make decisions that concern your own body . 
   shariah-compliant fintech  yielders underlines the uk islamic market as the ` largest and the most dynamic ' outside the middle east . 
  rip uk, 
  i guess old habits die hard , eh ? 
   asylum seekers , including children , are being held in shipping containers surrounded by razor fences , the un says . 
  err , yea ? 
  what do you want , five star accommodations ? 
  orban might be a giant dick but at least he 's doing one thing right , strict border control . 
  let 's be fair , i think if we set up camps and some shelter for these people not many people in eu would complain ( at least for the first few years ) . 
  but everyone just going for the full welfare & healthcare package is just nuts . 
  i read the program of the far left party in slovenia and it 's some scary stuff , sadly they even have some support , since they 're kinda populist ( free lunches for all the poor kids y' all ! ) . 
  everyone is so afraid of the right , yet you can find some craziness on the left as well pretty easily . 
  16 year olds voting ? 
  * sigh *, 
  as an atheist , i really do n't care and considering what the church did during the denationalization process , doing a huge land grab by involving themselves in politics , they can go fuck themselves . 
  they even created over a hundred millions euros of bad debt here . 
  i think they first need to take a good hard look in the mirror before preaching to others . 
   the issue is hardly limited to trump 's america . 
  in germany , for instance , the powerful conference of bishops last month raised eyebrows by strongly condemning the policies of an anti-migrant party in a statement that seemed to urge germans not to vote for it . 
  ah yes ... telling people how to vote . 
  funny how the christian tolerance also starts cracking when it comes to abortion and same sex marriage . 
  no choice ? 
  of course there was , close down the eu borders and finance camps near the warzones . 
  i 'm willing to help people that way but if closing the borders and keeping my society stable makes me an asshole , so be it . 
  and you 're a hypocrite as well , you did n't go down to greece to pick them up , they had to come to you , while trampling us in the middle . 
  i 'm sorry , it 's just funny to see s&d pointing fingers , given how bad our social democrat party here is . 
  and you think germany is n't ? 
  every pulls for their own interest , germany is no different . 
  political ... science ? 
  yeah , that made my day . 
  yet this wo n't solve the problem where a significant chunk of the population does n't want more immigration or continue down the path of failing multiculturalism . 
  i used to lean left now i hate it more and more , do n't get me started on the slovenian populist left and their unrealistic proposals ( let 's not even start with their nato rants ) . 
   try as they may , european countries will not be able to stop the mass exodus moving from countries of relative deprivation in africa to the european continent . 
  seriously ? 
  even now they ca n't get across without help from ngo boats . 
  stop that and the flow will stop . 
  and what dues to i , a slovenian have towards africa ? 
  deal with your birthrates . 
  man , i hate opinion pieces . 
  as an atheist , i really do n't care what he says . 
  oh look , independent and a report by an ngo based on testimonies by illegal migrants who obviously never lie . 
  also what the hell do you expect , countries in the balkan are far from rich and have their own set of problems . 
  we have no jobs for these people and the only reason they 're pushing to europe is economic , sure as hell is n't cultural . 
  please roll out the red carpet for ahmed , seeking that glorious german or swedish welfare , where might also have a cousin ... or five . 
  and hell , even here in slovenia migrants protested against their asylum processing center accommodations . 
  you know , bad food , no free metro bus pas , etc. 
  so please do n't sell us the `` fleeing from war '' narrative , initially yes , but in europe they 're looking for a better economic standard of life . 
  western muslims ? 
   and in the meantime , there should be an end to recriminations and accusations and treating like criminals the rescuers working for charities , who are helping plug the gap left by eu member states . 
  they 're aiding illegal immigration , since they carry them to european shores . 
  meanwhile the rest have to deal with the long term consequences of their actions . 
  given the state of africa and their birthrates , this is not sustainable in the long run . 
  yeah switch to slovene so you can be a bit more of a cunt , grow up . 
  got a solution or you 're just here to prove how morally superior you are to everyone else that does n't share your views . 
  and yes , rules and regulations apply to poor people as well ( for the rich too , but that 's another can of worms ) . 
  because they 're naive . 
  i support the eu while at the same time remain very critical of it . 
  while you 're partly right , that there need to be incentives for smaller member countries to develop , whoring out yourself with lower tax and various subsidies is not a good long term solution imho , because it can also be a race to the bottom . 
  and yes in a sense it tax avoidance , because they use various loopholes to dodge paying their full share of tax ( while at the same time claiming how much they 're giving back to the communities ) . 
  oh piss off yourself . 
  yes , she 's part of a problem , because she 's part of the group of people that abuse the freedom of movement . 
  it 's not sweden 's job to support romanian nationals . 
  i feel sorry for whatever retirement home ends up with sch\u00e4uble . 
  accepting illegal migrants for example , we have no jobs for starters . 
  i simply do n't agree with coe views on how society should function and find them unrealistic . 
  echr also tends to make unreasonable calls no matter what the consequences may be . 
  and yet i 've always voted left , how odd . 
  though you are correct that i might vote right next time , but likely not far right because they never have an actual plan and tend to be anti-eu . 
  council of europe is very liberal and likes to push their view around , i 'm liberal on abortion , samesex marriage , yet multiculturalism or immigration , there i lean conservative . 
  not to mention coe is n't afraid of pushing for unrealistic demands that would harm my well being , just so they can defend their ideology , no matter what the consequences . 
  so yes , coe are well paid liberal hippies from my point of view . 
  council of europe is a piece of garbage unless you 're a hardcore liberal hippie . 
  well , with economic immigration in the recent decades , europe could do with some nationalist racism again :p but i sympathize with the kurds and hope they get their own nation one day . 
  hm , funny though i see you posting on the slovenia subreddit ... 
  the nice bosniaks that are trying to build an islamic center in the middle of slovenian capital with money from qatar ? 
  gladly . 
  the kosovan albanians coming here with their families cause that way they get more social welfare ? 
  happily . 
  guy with an albanian flag gets turkish anti kurd propaganda in german ... ah globalization :d, 
  hell , why not work changing society so fewer people are pushed into making such a difficult choice ? 
  too much work for these people i guess , they want to just ban it and sleep better at night . 
  in this case , it is . 
  i 'm also not allowed to self medicate with alcohol and drive because i endanger others . 
  personally i do n't consider muslims to be european , not sure why we 're pretending islam belongs in europe . 
  all ? 
  yes it would be , but do nothing ? 
  hello no . 
  from those three : - one was by an immigrant from iraq , the only of the three that fits what people are thinking of - one was by a right wight native extremist that went to attack immigrants . 
  not sure how exactly people feel about that one , privately anyways . 
  austria ramped up border checks after the illegal migrant crossings , they have checks on the slovenian border as well . 
  there are already lines at the slovenian/croatian border http://www.rtvslo.si/slovenija/na-mejnih-prehodih-s-hrvasko-zlasti-na-obrezju-ze-daljse-cakalne-dobe/419223 up too two hours waiting time , depending on the border crossing and which way you 're going . 
  no , after crotia government dumped illegal immigrants via train in the middle of the night on the schengen border because they did n't like the slovenian daily quotas , they really do n't deserve to be in the schengen area . 
  police pointed them towards our green border , some even feel into an ice cold river . 
  i ca n't say we were exactly good at defending the schengen border either , then again , eu fell apart and offered no support . 
  i might not like orban but he at least had the balls to eventually secure the border ( while the rest of the eu bitched ) . 
  uh , italy is part of the schengen area ?
