  i know us poor countries get shat on all the time getting more out of the eu but things like these do make you wonder who benefits from the union the most . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like the eu and i want it to be internally as open as possible , but it also needs to be balanced and sustainable . 
  echr is not part of the eu and honestly , you could have deported them and dealt with the political consequences . 
  i mean look at orban , i do n't personally like the guy , but i respect the balls he had to erect the fence on the border to curb illegal migrations . 
  i blame local governments for not putting eu politicians in their place , we pay their damn salaries after all . 
  i do n't care what kind of lives they had in syria , does n't mean they 're entitled to one in the eu . 
  i wo n't deny people shelter but i will deny them social welfare and other benefits . 
  and i would n't know about unemployed people using the public transport for free , we 're not rich enough for that . 
  capital offers 50 % discount for the unemployed , the regional is only reimbursed if they bring a stamped form from the interview to the job center . 
  no , it 's not and i 'll vote accordingly , even if i make hitler look like a liberal in comparison . 
   p.s : this is europe , not canada . 
  majority of us do n't want to become a melting pot , we quite like our culture thank you very much . 
  you can have all of them , i doubt most germans will mind . 
  i 'd make an exception , throw human rights in a garbage can , cancel or revert their citizenship and toss them out . 
  ( yes , i know it 's unrealistic , but we can all have dreams , right ? ), 
  i love how these articles never mention the scores of countries they crossed to get to their german dream . 
  from the bottom of my heart , fuck these people and especially the journalists . 
  they forced their way into eu and now many have better lives that people who were born here , how 's that fair ? 
  if people who enter the eu illegally and force their way across several member states end up doing better than legal residents , than the eu has no future . 
  i like the eu , but screw this crap . 
  also got ta love one of the people in the article having five god damn kids . 
  i 'd deport anyone who 'd bring their domestic disputes into my country , no matter what side they 're on ( or if they have our nationality on paper ) . 
  echr can condemn itself for all i care . 
  already posted from a different source . 
  we need to close the ports , the fatalities will go up short term , but long term less people will die , if they know this is not a viable option any more . 
  yeah we get it . 
  yay and we 're building a robot factory in slovenia \\ o / it 's always funny , on one hand you have news spelling the demise of manual labor and then you have news saying how europe needs more immigrants cause we 'll be short on labor . 
  so if the first news are right , we 'd end up with a lot of unhappy unemployed people , what could go wrong ? 
  it 's our fault , because we allow them on our shores and do n't send out a clear message that we do not allow illegal entry instead of awarding them with asylum and with it social welfare . 
  you can keep the white guilt thank you very much . 
  can confirm . 
  one of ours that voted for it was even yelling on twitter how immigration is always a positive experience on the day just before the attack in germany . 
  this was her way of improving our safety . 
  one mp actually changed his mind after listening to local sports shooters and is now against it , realizing it penalizes legitimate gun owners . 
  the evil western imperialism . . or that 's how the hard left crackpots call nato ( not that it 's perfect or anything ) . 
  i hope italy gets a pro eu government but sane enough to realize they 'll have to stop letting the boats in and dare echr and eu to do anything about it . 
  the stream of kids from africa is n't going to stop any time soon , if they have 6 + kids , that does n't mean we have to take responsibility for them . 
  i 'm tired of being blamed and held responsible for half the crap that 's wrong in this world just cause i 'm a white guy in europe . 
  the asylum system is broken , whenever we catch illegal migrants they just claim asylum , basically a consolation prize , as they could n't manage to reach their target country . 
  scrap the current system , open up refugee camps with basic humanitarian aid offered , best filter you can have , as those looking for better economic outlook wo n't find it there and we can still shelter people from the horrors of war . 
  poverty ... well , we all have to deal with that in one form or another . 
  gun control in slovenia is strict enough and all this does is punish legal owners . 
  eu does itself no favors with this law . 
  or maybe eu level reform of the asylum system , since multiculturalism really is n't working at all . 
  my house , my rules . 
  do n't like it , go someplace else . 
  we have 10 thousand albanians from kosovo in a country of 2 million and they 're already problematic due to language barrier . 
  or maybe it 's just ngos trying to make a buck . 
  these days , who knows , probably both . 
  that came out of nowhere , i 'm shocked !, 
  ah yes , put the locals in their place . 
  good stuff . 
  we ca n't be all as progressive as you guys and have a muslim mayor in our capital , give us a break . 
  yeah cause that solves all the cultural problems that come with immigration . 
  i 'm glad you think illegal migrants are criminals . 
  the police should protect illegal migrants ... * sigh * we really failed with our immigration policies in eu have n't we ? 
  also who carries a lot of cash nowadays ? 
  i 'd take 20 euros tops , the rest i have my debit card for . 
  we 're not all equal . 
  yeah , i kinda get that as well . 
  majority of the immigration here is from the ex-yugoslavian states , especially kosovo & bosnia , fellow slavs and it still pisses me off often not hearing my native language in my own homeland walking down the street , plus some of them are muslim , so there 's that aspect as weell . 
  so i get that even `` similar looking '' immigrants can be a pain in the ass . 
  to be fair , they do n't look like they came from europe . 
  watch human rights group cry children born outside their parents ' country should n't be forced to a country that had been ravaged by war . 
  the people look very . . british / s, 
   eu border control and asylum unity frankly , despite not liking orban one bit , he did get his shit together when it comes to border control . 
  but frankly , i wonder how much support they 'd have , if eu got its shit together when it comes to securing borders and revamping the asylum system . 
  really , we 're going to risk our unity over illegal migrants . 
  bless those politicians in their ivory towers . 
  and it 's not like other countries do n't push for their own self interest . 
  those innocent children grow up eventually . 
  nor is the world in particular short supply of kids with 3rd world country roots . 
  what 's fair can also be subject to interpretation . 
  i am very much pro-eu , i see no reason why i should n't criticize it . 
  but technically echr is n't eu , but is part of the council of europe . 
  those people can die in a fire for all i care . 
  the world is n't fair . 
  and echr is hardly perfect and always fair . 
   you sound like you 'd be fine with that , but luckily the general public is n't . 
  are you sure ? 
  was n't always the case though !, 
  used to burn rational people at the stakes here in europe ... 
  i 'm simply advocating of turning back people who think they can force their way across our border . 
  it 's not my fault they gamble their own lives , essentially turning these values you praise so much against us . 
  i would hardly call any solution that involves death an easy one nor do i want them to drown . 
  but facing the choice of taking them to europe or letting them drown ? 
  i 'll live with it . 
  most of these boats wo n't make it across anyhow , all you need to do is let them sink . 
  for the rest , escalate use of force until they either turn back or are destroyed . 
  what do you mean ? 
  why would i want to use force in syria ? 
  who said anything about taking them . 
  and replace them with what ? 
  you 'd think stopping tiny boats full of people with the combined naval power of eu was doable . 
  neither do you . 
  said the guy with an irish flag yet super obsessed with pakistan . 
  i honestly do n't care how you muslims feel about it . 
  well , you can have a `` do not cross '' sign , when that does n't work , you escalate things . 
  besides , the wall is n't harming anyone who is n't a dick and trying to cross the border illegally . 
  improving our own birthrates 2 . ),
