  see , it 's always someone not playing along , this time it 's the germans :p p.s : i hate forex . 
  * sigh *, 
  well , so is the right , i just do n't buy into one side being so much better than the other , each has their own topics where they tend to go full retard . 
  sometimes circumstances favor one over the other , but that 's about it . 
  it is , because the right ca n't control the liberal leaning university it wants to ban it . 
  not like the left is immune to such antics , they 'd probably just slowly clean out the unwanted professors and tailor the curriculum to suit their own needs . 
  right wanted catholic classes in school , left protested , yet the left also wants to alter education to make kids more receptive to their world view . 
  funding maters because that can influence the entire institution . 
  because the left is soooo much better , right ? 
  both sides do the same under the guise of their superior moral values . 
  which he moved out of in 1947 according to wikipedia . 
  i do n't agree with what orban is doing , i do n't think it 's the right way and i do n't like the motivations behind it , it also mirrors what erdogan is doing a bit too closely . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not gon na go around clapping for soros inspired antics , ceu does indeed look like a liberal shithole :p, 
  yeah the right are hypocrites , but right now it works for me , until the left stops being retarded . 
   justice minister heiko maas said in a statement , adding that he would seek to push for similar rules at a european level . 
  no thank you . 
  it 's hard to define hate speech and it 's easy to use it for silencing people you do n't agree with . 
  i do n't know where you live , but 400 thousand people crossed my country in 6 months , they wanted to go to germany , sweden . 
  stopping them at our borders to protect the schengen area would have meant having to use force against civilians , so a `` humanitarian corridor '' was established , while rule of law went through the fucking window because nobody was willing to take responsibility . 
  even now , we 're not even sure how this is all legal , since our courts pushed it all the way to ecj whether or not certain border crossings were considered legal as governments technically allowed them . 
  the only thing i 'm saying here is that you ca n't dump all the blame on orban and polish government while pretending at the same time that eu does n't have problems of its own . 
  and do n't get me started on the current asylum system that 's completely unsustainable . . 
  * sigh *, 
  at least sweden is starting to lean bit to the right , maybe there 's hope ? 
  rule of law ? 
  i saw the schengen area break down and eu did jack shit about it , because the liberal media would have painted them as nazis . 
  i may not like orban or the conservative polish government , but let 's not pretend that eu does n't have its own set of problems . 
  wait , what about all those young men from africa we desperately need ? 
  said the german with the iranian flag . 
  the government brochure says albanians are hard to integrate and move here with their families to enjoy social welfare benefits . 
  so they 're a burden on our society . 
  i am not willing to spend public funds on efforts to integrate people , if they 're a problematic group , curb their immigration numbers , pick those that assimilate better . 
  also it should have never come to the point , where two native slovenian kids had to go to a school in another town , because otherwise they 'd be foreigners in the classroom in their own country . 
  our doctors should n't have to speak albanian , period . 
  we live in slovenia , it 's not part of our curriculum . 
  you 're essentially saying someone with kosovar background would be preferred for a doctor in a slovenian institution . 
  burdening doctors with multicultural issues while doing their jobs in slovenia is bullshit , nor should we have to spend money on multicultural `` mediators '' . 
  you seem to be liberal when it comes to multiculturalism . 
  i 'm for strict assimilation when it comes to groups and only allow individuals merely integrating . 
  slovenia is not yugoslavia and i want to keep it that way , not because i 'd hate anyone south of the border , but this is our homeland . 
  minorities living next to the border are in our constitution , they 're not recent economic migrants . 
  so it 's a stupid example . 
  yes ... because i 've said that where ? 
  it has a reputation for balkan immigrants , but i do n't live there , so i ca n't give you a honest opinion . 
  meanwhile armoredpenguin94 does n't , probably wants us to become another yugoslavia . 
  and year , it 's until these last few years i 've started to change my mind . 
  well they 've put up a fence . 
  remember the new immigration law passed only because of nsi and sds ( opposition parties for anyone else reading this ) , the coalition sd party did n't vote for it and a bunch of sms people were also opposed to it ... despite it needed to be activated in the first place . 
  but there 's a real lack of trying to stop immigration from balkan countries . 
  the only thing you read is government throwing more money at ngos and `` integration '' efforts . 
  hate muslims ? 
  i 'm just not willing to adapt to them in my own country or willing to give them space . 
  it 's not a law of nature , 
  at least they 're somewhat less pro immigration , what sd and smc doing is kinda insane imho . 
  kinda ? 
  mostly ones leaning more catholic , economically . . 
  i guess nsi might be more right wing than sds . 
  our current government is a massive eu shill , to the point of being damaging , they keep repeating we 're a good eu partner , even if there 's little public support with what they 're trying to push through . 
  well , echr which technically is n't in the eu is also part of the problem . 
  massive changes to human rights need to be made in order to revamp the asylum system , boats need to be blocked from entering the eu . 
  the people in brussels need to give a green light to use any means necessary to stop immigration , then it would be up to the government to do something without being to point at brussels . 
  there is no way of stopping immigration without letting some people die on the sea in the short term . 
  orban , asshole he might be , built a fence to stop immigrants from illegally entering the schengen area and yet eu members still kept flinging shit at him . 
  change the constitution !, 
  i mean i understand what you 're saying and we 'd have less problems with heavier regulation on religion , but that would put christians at a disadvantage , it 's kinda funny how they shot themselves in the foot with religious freedom . 
  but honestly we need start accepting the fact , that sometimes you have to regulate things even if it means discrimination , to keep the peace and society stable . 
  humans are far from perfect . 
  i just gave you sources citing albanians from kosovo are a problematic group when it comes to immigration . 
  if you choose not to accept it because you work at a news station , that 's your choice . 
  i do n't care about saving immigrant lives , the only other language i 'd accept medical staff speaking is english . 
  anything else , adapt or be deported ( or die , i do n't care either way ) . 
  i am not willing to spend public funding on coddling immigrants . 
  yes , slovenes first and have absolutely no issues curbing some people 's rights . 
  it 's our homeland , they have their own and are free to move out . 
  and we 'll have such glorious nationalistic marches that will make nazi ones look like lgbt parades !, 
  / sarcasm but yes , i will vote for a party willing to curb migration and i am fully aware that solving our multiculturalism issues wo n't exactly involve politically correct methods that would please you . 
  but then again , i do n't live canada , so why do you care ? 
  because europe has no issues with islam at all . 
  being moderate does n't exactly change the fact that they 're muslim and we 're not , it 's simply not a part of my culture . 
  i do n't mind migration in limited numbers but when groups form , that 's where i draw the line . 
  heck , i 'm an atheist , i find the catholic church problematic enough and now bosnian muslim are building a giant islamic center in the middle of our capital funded by qatar . 
  how big ? 
  they 're still 15 million short , despite majority of the buildings already standing . 
  and honestly how multiculturalism is failing in europe , i 'm done with it . 
  we 're slovenia , not yugoslavia . 
  as for albanians , we get the ones from kosovo and their integration is already proving to be one of the most problematic ones due to the language . 
  the eu needs to sort its own shit out , because they 're not tackling certain issues , they give people like orban ammunition in the first place . 
  orban uses eu as a scapegoat and someone to blame to boost his own popularity , yet eu has people like orban to blame for their own incompetence . 
  which country exactly ? 
  because i have n't seen any suggestions in how to stop the boat . 
  if your idea of long term solution is letting people in ... well , have you seen the birthrates in 3rd world countries ? 
  citizenship means fuck all in europe nowadays . 
  commit to what ? 
  just nod to everything other nations in brussels push through ? 
  i do n't agree with orban using eu as a scapegoat ( maybe him and erdogan are comparing notes ) but hell , eu also gives orban ammunition . 
  it 's been how long since the boats started coming and yet , no real solution yet , except bribing erdogan , cause that 's a sound investment . 
  yeah there 's that or fu\u017eine in ljubljana , and these days velenje is getting famous for albanians from kosovo . 
  it 's all over the national media here ... 
  i guess cimos stop providing the clicks . 
  we have statistics based on residency permits : http://www.mnz.gov.si/si/mnz_za_vas/tujci_v_sloveniji/statistika/ do n't think there 's any recent statistics for people with slovenian citizenship .
