   this is not about agreements . 
  no country that has the rule of law is deporting into outright war areas - and rightfully so . 
  and not hosting people forever is kind of an integral part of a refugee system . 
  which is why i 'd reform it . 
  fine , let 's start again , while the photos are nice ( and i mean that ) , i lack proper context , since i ca n't read german . 
  if it 's a boat that saves people and drops them back on the libyan coast , great job , otherwise ... it 's just aiding illegal migration . 
  this makes me think this boat just aids illegal migration . 
   even if you put history aside , it would n't be legal . 
  you can not put people in prison-like camps for years . 
  refugee camps ? 
   would be stupid as fuck . 
  the system has very good reasons for its existence . 
  its current form is n't really sustainable . 
   for what exactly ? 
  those that fit and are considered a positive addition to the society . 
   what are you going to do with people over here ? 
  you can not deport them to syria . 
  within the current agreements , no . 
  but i would n't be willing to host them forever . 
  man ... 
  i like the f-16 , i ca n't even be mad ... 
  i wish germany simply opened up camps ( yeah i know . . history , etc. ), 
  and settled migrants there in tents and suspended the asylum system . 
  then cherry picked people from camps . 
  and pretty much that 's what eu should have done , simple suspended the whole system instead of borders . 
  and you 're so much better than them because for you it 's all instantly racism . 
  he can go fuck himself . 
  the catholic church here created millions of public bad debt that tax payers had to pay for and during the de-nationalization process got cozy with politicians to amend the law so they got more real estate . 
  first clean your own house . 
  oh , and it 's your people who killed same sex marriage where i live . 
  and let 's not forget church 's stance on contraception , especially in the past . 
  wanting sensible migration and preserve the identity of your own country is nowadays by left considered extremist . . * sigh *, 
  this is about as far fetched as me calling the guy a terrorist . 
  and usually people earning that kind of money would probably be more progressive , or maybe that 's just me being a tad optimistic . 
   and about muslims in slo ... they are a productive bunch of people so productive qatar had to fund their giant islamic center ... and they ran out of money . 
   most of them coming from bosnia or kosovo-albania and ? 
  bosnians are n't slovenians . 
  and people from kosovo , even our government admit they bring their families here to collect welfare , their wives do n't work and we 'll have to spend even more money , because they 're hard to integrate . 
   as of late i can see our brainiacs throwing pig heads and blood on the mosque construction side . . idk who wants here to provoke someone and make problems . 
  i do n't know , foreigners who want to build their religious center in the middle of our capital ? 
  local population pushing back is normal , the referendum was blocked , so people are taking justice in their own hands . 
  if they do n't like our way of life , they can stay in bosnia or kosovo , we 're not fucking yugoslavia . 
  it 's a negative outcome for both parties , both the uk and the eu . 
  i still think the negatives for both far likely outweigh the positives . 
  but hey , spin it whatever way you want , if it makes you happier . 
  and yet these turks are part of the reason pvv is gaining momentum . 
  oh for fucks sake , if muslims do n't like our culture , they can move . 
  seriously , they moved once to europe , they can move again out of it . 
  why is europe considered to be a dead end migration when it comes to muslims , as if we 're keeping them here . 
  how 's the muslim immigration working for sweden so far ? 
  ah thank you kind german sir , as a poor slav i 'm obviously too dumb to take that into consideration . 
  even if he has a job , his partner being completely covered most likely does n't . 
  second , knowing the pay in slovenia i very much doubt he makes enough money to support 4 kids . 
  having a job he also gets tax breaks and child benefits , not really sure why our state should support foreign out of control birth rates , when ours are the ones that need support . 
  and of course , being fully covered is not part of our culture . 
  we survived you germans and i 'll fight damn hard , we 'll outlive muslims in our own country . 
  yep , bosnians are the biggest group , the largest ( and basically the only muslim organization that gets mentioned in the media ) is the bosnian one . 
  was walking home today , lady completely covered in muslim garb , 3 small kids and a bearded dude pushing a stroller . 
  and i got up at 6 to work my ass off to see this going home , so glad i 'm paying taxes to feed these kids / s, 
  `` oh i found it online '' what a poor excuse . 
  do n't care as long as we stop getting economic migrants from kosovo that hardly integrate , unless you spend a ton of public money ... and even then you get barely any results . 
  i wonder why people throw so much shit at the eu ... 
  oh for fucks sake , another group of people living in europe but not actually giving a shit about europe . 
  some are still ignoring it , while it 's getting worse , at least here in slovenia . 
  they even have ideas to put multicultural mediators in clinics , albanians from kosovo are proving to be especially difficult to integrate and by government 's own admission , they move their families here to enjoy social welfare . 
  when i emailed the government , asking if they planned on stopping immigration , i got back a letter lecturing me how our integration is awesome and is one of the best in europe . 
  it ended with a lecture on our constitution and hate speech . 
  because i asked , if they planned limiting immigration . 
  * sigh *, 
   now imagine how dutch turks might feel . 
  what do they do when they do n't feel dutch ? 
  they have similar feelings as me but on top of that there is prejudice coming at them . 
  well ... this is why some of us are saying immigration without serious limits is a bad idea . 
  if they voted , i would n't call them swiss . 
   ms adzkia said : ` i completely understand about what is going in the world lately . 
  i stand against terrorism and that 's not islam . 
  really , says who ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'll get different opinions on what 's islam in different parts of the world . 
  it seems like a combination of a ) dickhead airport employee b ) dickhead entitled passenger, 
  oh definitely , it 's not like i resent the show for existing , considering all the crap out there , it 's still informative . 
  expressing an opinion in a polite manner is being triggered ? 
  not sure , if we should lower our standards use fox news as a measuring stick for journalism : /, 
  yeah we do . 
  it 's for people who want to show the appearance of being informed but without actually putting in the time and study the issue . 
  i 'm saying his statement was made out to be more than it was , as a diplomat he should know better than to make vague statements like that , but then again , it 's karl erjavec . 
  he 's the president of desus ( party of the retired people ) ... , 
  on the other hand , hungary has a long land border , which in a sense is harder to defend , they did invest money in building a security fence to defend their border and schengen area along with it . 
  i completely agree , i just do n't think there 's political will to do it , because the liberal media would tear the politicians apart , you probably need assholes like orban to do it , but these types come with their own set of problems . 
  we passed a new legislation that allows us to invoke it and stop accepting asylum requests in case of another migration wave , mind you we 're surrounded by eu members . 
  social democrats refused to support it , ngos threw a shitfit , council of europe complained , even muznieks visited and apparently now the rep for human rights will pass it to the constitutional court for reassessment . 
  and our national ( public ) tv that leans rather liberal constantly ran news that criticized it . 
  and not once , not even once these people addressed how we 're supposed to actually process it all , if it happened . 
  not their problem . 
  good for you , but the european commission still supports the arbitration process . 
  bottom of the sea ? 
  the problem is the echr ruling not allowing italian coast guard to return migrants to the libyan coast , italian government needs to pull an orban and tell the rest to pick them up if they care and block ships carry migrants from docking . 
  i 'm totally for an exchange program , erdogan fanboys in europe for cool secular turkish people stuck living under erdogan 's rule . 
  they 're not saving them , they 're aiding illegal immigration . 
  also italy should just ban ngos from docking at their ports , the meltdown on the msf_sea twitter account would be glorious . 
  do i want these people to drown ?
