  no , but if they 're using their own lives as leverage to enter eu , then it 's on them , not me . 
  you think majority of religious people actually care about a secular state ? 
  note how i said religious , fortunately christianity seems to be on the decline , yet we still have people firmly against gay marriage and abortion . 
  why would you want to import a religion that 's growing in power ? 
  heck , look at turkey what 's currently happening , look what what 's happening in poland , if you do n't want a muslim example . 
  except the brown immigrants in the uk are n't there because of the eu ... 
  that 's stupid , this is about the only thing orban is good for , why not take advantage of it . 
  politicians are seriously starting to piss me off , but then again , they 're not paying for this with their own money , nor will they be held accountable , if there are negative consequences a decade or two down the line . 
  you mean karl erjavec being an idiot as usual ? 
  his political skill is finding a spot in the government for himself and being useless while getting a fat paycheck . 
  it was a poorly worded statement that your media used to get ratings . 
  what closed border policy ? 
  sure it is , i mean , if it makes your life easier , feel free to blame us . 
   in croatia people are blaming this on slovenia and their sea border arbitration with croatia and seeing this as a way to pressure croatian government into accepting the results . 
  if we wanted that , we 'd introduce anal cavity checks for tourists , this is just another bureaucratic eu fuck-up where someone did n't do their homework . 
  we built a coal plant and it 's one biggest fiascos and money drains in our short 25 year history , overbudget and it wo n't nearly operate as cheaply as planned . 
  i 'm not sure who you 're referring to when you say `` you guys '' but i 'm definitely very vocal when it comes to catholic church trying to steer society in the direction they want . 
  their financial adventures and influencing politics to steer the denationalization process are two things i 'm very critical about , same goes for opposing same sex marriage and abortion . 
  most of my misgivings about religious institutions and organized religion in general comes from my experience with catholics . 
  but it 'd be silly to pretend christianity did not influence my society in the past and that i share some of their values , much like it 'd be silly to pretend that some of our `` catholic '' holidays do n't have roots in the pagan religions of old . 
  heck , one of the key people in establishing the slovenian national identity was a protestant reformer . 
  but from this experience and news from around europe i conclude that the growing number of muslims and influence of islam means nothing good for me in the long run . 
  it 'd be naive to think muslims are somehow better than christians and that they wo n't push society to fit however they feel like interpreting their holy text or according to whatever religious group holds the most power . 
  also i grew up in a socialist country , while it was n't perfect , it kept a good lid on religion , the moment that was gone , religious organizations started gathering more influence . 
  so your free market capitalist ideas are n't really something i favor . 
  and we as a society often restrict ( alcohol , cigarettes ) or ban ( drugs ) things we consider harmful . 
  and in my view , i see halal as a harmful influence . 
  and i also have misgivings about letting religious organizations getting their foot in the food industry . 
  then there 's the question how much halal certification costs and whether that represents an income for them , that would mean that by buying halal products you also finance religion . 
  i try not to look . 
  the principle :p, 
  where i live , they certainly are . 
  we 're clearly not on the same page apparently , i mentioned host countries . 
  if bosniaks want halal food in their homeland , they can certainly have it . 
  but i do n't want it on the shelves where i live . 
   you 're going to have a bad day when you find out that bosniaks exist . 
  ah , you mean the same people i already mentioned in this thread ? 
  they 're all recent economic migrants not willing to adapt to their host countries . 
   you 're assuming that ` you ' ( presumably , white christians ) have ` been here longer ' than ` them ' ( again , presumably , muslims ) , and therefore ` you ' should get preference/set the default for society . 
  yes , in the society i live in , because we are the majority , it 's our homeland and our values . 
  people who do n't like them , they can certainly move back home . 
   on top of that , you 're literally just angry because something is n't about you . 
  guess what : not everything is aimed at you !, 
  society ( and , more relevantly , products under capitalism ) is supposed to represent the whole of society - not just the arbitrary , extremely entitled minority who ( wrongly ) think '' we ' have been here the longest , we should get preferential treatment ! ' . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  i am definitely not a minority where i live , muslims are ( and so goes for most of the european countries ) . 
  they have n't been here for centuries , decades at most , mostly due to economic migrations in yugoslavia . 
   which means that , considering that halal certification has zero impact on food , reasons not to eat halal food are nothing more than whining that someone is n't about you . 
  so if it has zero impact on food , why have it in the first place , except to appease a minority of people ? 
  again , you 're elevating islam above my own beliefs , saying that me not wanting to have religion creeping into the society i live in is somehow inferior to their beliefs . 
   ` atheists have n't been here as long as catholics . 
  why are n't you adapting to their culture ? ', 
  you do realize i live in a society that was heavily influenced by christianity , right ? 
   because catholic food , like halal food , is eaten by non-catholic non-muslims . 
  i have yet to find catholic branding on any of the food i eat . 
   ` what other people eat ' is literally the most inconsequential thing in your life ever , which is why it 's such a bizarre hill to die on . 
  it affects the food i eat as well . 
   because it 's none of your fucking business what peaceful people believe . 
  it is my fucking business when it enters my fucking household you ignorant sack of shit . 
  i 'm not fucking naive enough to think that religious organizations wo n't try to influence the society i live in . 
  the catholic church certainly does , why should i expect muslim organizations to be any different ? 
  oh gosh , those religious people , they just want to mind their own business . 
  i think it varies by country , i 'm just opposed giving religious organizations a foothold in the food industry . 
   so yeah , that makes you an arsehole in my book - because your objections are n't based in fact , they 're based in prejudice . 
  against religion , i tolerate catholics because it 's part of my culture , why as atheist i 'd want more religion affecting the society i live in , i have no idea . 
  fortunately catholics stay away from my food , otherwise i 'd have a problem with them too . 
  why ask duterte when we have germans ? 
  nor does it revolve around muslim people , they moved to europe knowing full well , halal slaughter is n't our way . 
  so why the hell are n't they adapting to our ways and instead we have to accommodate them ? 
  i sure as hell wo n't move to a country that 's incompatible with my basic needs . 
  what you 're saying is muslims can be special snowflakes and demand halal meat but if i do n't want halal meat , i 'm the asshole . 
  it 's not prejudice , it 's two opposing views that are incompatible but apparently you rank muslim demands higher . 
   i mean jesus christ , is this really a hill you want to die on ? 
  ` companies are n't arbitrarily limiting their consumerbase for me ! ' ? 
  it 's just tedious and not really motivated by anything but prejudice - considering that you do n't even know that pre-stun religious slaughter is absolutely acceptable . 
  so , if a muslim demands his meat be treated in some special magical way it 's fine , but i want my food to be free of religion , i 'm the world 's biggest asshole . 
  so what you 're saying i should work on removing a market for halal food in europe ? 
  catholics are a part of the society i live in , have been for hundreds of years , that i accept and local churches are part of our cultural heritage . 
  muslims , not so much . 
  i was speaking in the context of muslim immigrants to someone living in netherlands . 
  and i know bosnian is muslim as well , yet i do n't consider islam to be european at all . 
  look at all these lovely european men when they started building the lovely bosnian mosque in our capital https://img.rtvslo.si/_up/upload/2013/09/14/65029444_dzamija7.jpg  do only christians qualify as europeans in your mind ? 
  i am an atheist , i 'm already stuck dealing with catholics , why on earth would i want another set of religious beliefs trying to influence the society i live in ? 
  why ? 
  halal offers zero benefits to the food manufacturing process . 
  mind you i 'd be equally pissed , if i found jesus stamped on my chicken nuggets . 
  so you 're saying his parents were also born in europe and they 're all following local traditions ? 
  i suppose that might end up being the case in a couple of decades the way things are going . 
  you can call him european , i wo n't . 
  calling muslim immigrants european is funny , considering they 're sticking to a form of slaughter that is n't really european at all and are unwilling to adapt to our way of life but demanding we make room for theirs . 
  so no , i wo n't give them the courtesy of calling them european . 
  as for jews , i do n't care much about their religious slaughter either , they can become vegan , these days they can move to israel , i really do n't care . 
   that 's like not buying a pack of frozen veggies because it says `` vegan '' on the label . 
  chances are , i 'd probably go buy something with more sensible labeling . 
   over here lidl started to print the meat type in icon form on virtually everything . 
  is that `` the muslims taking over '' or just a neat idea in general ? 
  if slovenes get pissed off by such stuff i think you need to re-evaluate your culture . 
  halal is n't `` meat type '' , it 's simply a form of religious slaughter . 
  are you saying lidl there puts on a halal label ? 
   i do n't really care what you like the taste of .
