  they were all put up on wotlabs , and a minute later , reddit , and since they were supposed to be limited-time usable codes ( as in , every code supposed to be used only a handful of times before expiring ) , they uh . . kinda expired in 7-8 minutes . 
  all of them . 
  i havent managed to snatch all of the codes , but most of them . 
  if i recall correctly , i got somewhere around 14k gold and 42 prem days . 
  i remember everyone was so shocked they didnt want to spend the gold in fear of it being taken away . 
  well wg took a shit on it , kinda swept it under the rug ( i think they handed out a few 300g codes instead . . imagine the uproar when the first promised codes didnt work lol ), 
  it is also horribly blind , the aim time and the bloom is abysmal and it also has unreliable armor . 
  sure , if you are fully aimed and the target is immobile it can dish out punishment , but what tank cant ? 
  honestly , would rather play a chur3, 
  no they are nerfing pen and accuracy on hightiers, 
  lowtier arty should have more splash . 
  a tier 3 arty , for example su-26 cant do shit against tier 5 , not even splash the tracks . 
  make it so that every mission is able to be done in every game . 
  for example , for mt-15 you have to kill 2 td-s , but unless you find a game with 2 + tds it is impossible to complete the mission . 
  also , as a light tank its very hard to complete lt-15 since there are 3 + lights every game so they will steal spot form each other . 
  you mean , basically , they are using normal game or encounter tactics on assault and maybe vice versa ? 
  perhaps people think it lol where you clear a way to enemy base and you can push all the way to the cap ( nexus ) . 
  so is the bdr , with some apcr, 
  1 : medium 1, 
  2 : definitely the gpz . 
  mk vi , tier 2 german arty . 
  3 : m3 light , soviet prem . 
  basically a stuart with the ms-1 gun , shit accuracy . 
  its like amx 40 , but slower , shittier , and the gun is tier 1 . 
  5 : matlida bp or matilda iv . 
  6 : churchill cancer carriage, 
  7 : amx ac 46 is pretty shit ( contenders : chi-ri , kv-13 ), 
  ferdi at least has some alpha, 
  10 : vk 72.01 k, 
  try shooting a kv-1 with any tier 3 arty but the wespe . 
  wel , , tier 8 is full with good tanks and i didnt play all . 
  maybe the gw tiger p is worse , idk, 
  i havent played the chinese , and foch and 430 at least have redeeming qualities . 
  but the vk is utter shit . 
  ( at least it looks good lol ), 
  yup , and rage sold it . 
  twice, 
  yes , i own one . 
  it is yasenkrasens , it was part of aslians modpack but not anymore apparently , ( my 9.6 install , i had to manually install it ) . 
  if you do so too , remember to install colored messages from the same guy as it uses elements of it so its a preprequisite . 
  i played both , and after the painful grind of the top gun of st. emil i found that a redeeming factor . 
  also on trynd and yi . 
  ( hey , there are melee adcs ! ), 
  what is even more horrifying is that he got 6 upvotes, 
  please, 
  in addition to that the platoon missions are ridiculously easy compared to the other ones . 
  so you dont have to try much, 
  blue his maus and a blue little bulldog , and a blue tog wreck, 
  ever noticed your inner 12 year old ? 
  obj 261 has the same chassis as is7 so i thought it will be a more sharp comparison . 
  not really , as you would still probably had to play the same playstlye because of the weak armor and low hp . 
  you still cant out dpm kv-1 and shit . 
  probably the only benefit of being top tier as a capable scout would be camo abusing . 
  indeed the 261 hull is a backwards is7 hull . 
   1/10 and a 2/10 on a good day with makeup, 
  it doesnt work like that . 
  if you are really an 1/10 you cant get a 2/10 no matter how much makeup you put on . 
  what is amazing about the looks is that 90 % of it is the little signs you give about yourself . 
  therefore the best way to improve looks ( and the only meaningful way , really ) is to improve the way you think about yourself . 
  if you think you are ugly , and hate yourself because of that , it will show , people will unconsciously see that and that will make them think you are ugly . 
  so therefore , the first step you shoulda take is stop thinking you are ugly . 
  `` drew '' as in you made the outlines then pixelated them . 
  i can see that with redpill but how exactly is gg embarrassing ? 
  yeah , you can basically leave hi on full hp +1 armor and , with 1 for x trades , gain a massive board + card advantage , and when she has no cards leaft its easy peasy . 
  i got her down with a modified grim patron warrior though , it was fun as hell :d, 
  what is your problem ? 
  do you feel entitled to tier 8 battles cause you paid money for that tank or what ? 
  so out of curiosity , does that mean you evaluate the t54 's armor worth based on how easy you pen it , completely disregarding that retards still dont know where to pen it , or did you just use it as an example , implying even retards can pen it ? 
  i mean , you know , you are in the top 1 % of the playerbase in terms of skill ( estimate , i dont know ) and i just wan na know that in the holistic sense does t-54 armor still works ? 
  for example kv-4 is a god in pub tier 8-9 games since no one knows how to pen it frontally ( gun mantlet ) therefore it is useful against about 80 % of the playerbase and useless against 20 % which is a pretty good number considering the tank is `` shit '' . 
  i 'm asking because i didnt play the t-54 yet but i heard good things about it , and as a ~ 2k recent player i think it can be worth to keep it as my designated tier 9 med tank ( in case someone wan na platoon tier 9 with me or something ), 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  btw , i dont really know about the kv4 . 
  i pen it on the mantlet with my e-25 ap . 
  yeah , found it weird too . 
  but the mantlet is very bad and flat on both the t150 and the kv4 . 
  i mean if 150 pen is enough ... 
  900 mm armor ? 
  quick , get this guy a shitposter flair, 
  you mean early to midgame ? 
  ratslayer is utter shit endgame unless you shot unarmored ppl in the head, 
  its weird tho , i pen it quite reliably on the mantlet . 
  either ti is wrong , or spaced armor doesnt count , or idk . 
  but my pens are real . 
  if anyone on the eu server with a kv4 wnts to confirm , i 'm ready to prooftest it . 
  ( my username is lefexel and i dont have a kv4 ), 
  in the endgame , many ppl with either have helmets or you will not shoot people with heads . 
  it is one of the best weapons for a crit build ( even tho the gobi campaign scout rifle is much better , and if you dont build crit the am rifle is waaaay better ) . 
  problem is , it doesnt have much dmg per shot , and most armors reduce it by a lot . 
  i 'd go for the cgsc anytime . 
   no other gun in the game can do what it does . 
  except the hunting rifle , paciencia , sniper rifle and all variants , antimateriel rifle , laser pistol , elijah 's tesla cannon , have better spread , and they all do more damage ( except the laser pistol obv . ), 
  i agree ratslayer is good , but its only op stat is the crit multiplier ( spread is good yeh ) , and it has only 23 dmg per shot which means for example against power armor it does 0 dmg every time . 
  ( except the t-54d armor where it does 1 dmg . ), 
  you need a good dmg per shot and a good crit multiplier combination for late game . 
  sure , i accepted you, 
  we just got out of a training room with olliolli and determined that from about 100m you can reliably pen the plate behind the gun barrel , the plate that only shows when the kv4 lifts up the gun , and the mg port and the drivers hatch . 
  e25 pen is 150 mm so unless im missing something tank inspector is wrong . 
  edit : if you aim for the gun it pens and breaks the gun every time . 
  hi , can you comfirm for others to read what did we conclude in training room ?
