  all of her damage are skillshots , and you are fast . 
  dodge . 
  you dont understand how mm works . 
  if you get a tier 9 or 10 game , that would be positive discrimination for you , because a tier 9 vehicle can get tier 9-11 games . 
  therefore , in order to make sure no one abuses the system , mm must treat all lower-tier platoonmates as your tier . 
  meaning , when you platoon a tier 9 and a tier 7 together , mm treats it as if you would platoon two tier 9s , otherwise everyone would abuse it like so : lets platoon a tier 9 and a tier 7 together to ensure my shitty tier 9 tank gets top tier all the time . 
  no , it absolutely should put you into a game like that . 
  mm is balanced in a way that you get these games in x % of the time to make up for the games when you are top tier . 
  of course every comment is allowed !, 
  except maybe a few ( like harassment ) will get removed . 
  thank you for being polite ( im not op , just noticing ), 
  i read all of that . 
  my best wishes to you , thanks for sharing . 
  makes me think we kinda need an alternative solution for suicide prevention . 
  maybe a subreddit like . 
  / r/icareaboutyou is a start . 
  so often people just need someone to be there for them . 
  yeah . 
  it only stuck ( i guess ) because attila was a similar character to \u00c1rp\u00e1d ( who was a hungarian leader ) and everyone likes another hero figure . 
  i 'd say yeah , but then again vienna might be a little more pricy . 
  perhaps writing to both subreddits would be the best, 
  you forgot anivia m8, 
  sadly , no . 
  f12 makes the cursor completely disappear . 
  also , in windows settings , i added the hungarian keyboard setup , specifically selected qwertz but it is still qwerty . 
  for the majority , yes . 
  though i heard people meaning it in a non-derogatory way . 
  guess they were from a minority group or something ( slavs maybe ? 
  idk ), 
  if you do that , it will be the most awesome thing ever for people with low-end computers like me :d, 
  playing lol with the standard windows cursor is very annoying, 
  no you cant, 
  engaging, 
  you try and do that and report back to me when you were able to do that ( it wont work ), 
  i believe the revolution started in 1848 yes , but the intervention was in 1849 . 
  ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/orosz_intervenci%c3%b3s_hadsereg_1849-ben ) the closest source i could find . 
  some inaccuracies :, 
   protected by fishermen during the middle ages, 
  most probably the text means the place and not the building itself . 
  it would be hard protecting a building built in the 1800s in the middle ages . 
   founding the present day country in 895, 
  come on . 
  we were n't even recognized by anyone at that early on . 
  we were just a few ravaging tribes in 895 . 
  the current hungary , as basically everyone learns it at like age 10 , is founded in 999 or 1000 depending on which book you are reading ( this is when the pope officially recognized the state , and when we officially implemented catholicism ), 
  come on , its only 105 years stretch . 
  not worth to exaggerate this little . 
  shitty humor is not humor, 
  i grew up valuing honesty over courtesy, 
  yeah nope , we werent the `` present day country '' in 895 by any stretch of imagination , sorry . 
  this is like saying usa was founded when the mayflower left britain 's shores . 
  yeah but not the present one ... !, 
  kingdom of hungary i can wiew as foundation of present society . 
  but the principality in 895 shared little with the kingdom . 
  it was a pagan nation . 
  we are n't that now . 
  found the rightist . 
  i have no more comments . 
  proof of that ? 
  edit : whoops im retarded, 
  oh wow i misinterpreted the comment i was reacting to . 
  its obvious , yeah, 
   women suck so bad at chess that they need their own events '' which is both unintentional and untrue . 
  sorry , but it is true . 
  women are allowed to compete amongst men ; they are just weaker . 
  statistics show that . 
  i assume you took male domination as proof that males can have higher values on whatever trait they need to be good at chess , but where did you take the fact that there also more males on the lower end ? 
   males tend to be diagnosed with autism at 4 times the rate of girls . 
  that doesnt mean that men are 4 times more likely to be autist though , that can simply mean autist women are just undiagnosed for whatever reason, 
   peak man  peak woman '' at least in this sport and a lot of other activities . 
  literally every single sport . 
  i wouldnt say it 's a coincidence . 
  well that is kinda bullshit , because women want to be chess world champions since they are allowed to . . and no woman were higher then # 8 on the ladder , much less close to being world champion . 
  i 'm not saying under-diagnosis , i 'm saying not diagnosed . 
  for example , maybe less autist women ever see a doctor about their disorder . 
  do you have a source on that claim ? 
  i dont think so . 
  for all i know women just might disproportionally be less likely to go to the doctor about their autism . 
  well obviously . 
  what i 'm implying is maybe women arent ' t going as much, 
  ok , vast majority of sports then . 
  gymnastics doesnt count ( it 's not a measurable sport ), 
  thanks !, 
  i suppose i should n't have assumed what i did . 
  your argument looks very solid . 
  it changed my view now . 
  i have to read much further in this topic . 
  and sorry . 
  or people with empathy . 
  i agree though, 
  what you have i think , is anxiety , not insomnia . 
  i agree though , its fucking awful . 
  i have it too , prescription meds help me sleep, 
  love . 
  such a beautiful word . 
  hope she stays with you until the end . 
  wish you a life as happy as the day she said yes :d, 
  op was talking about knowing the importance of it , with i 'm sure empathy is enough for . 
  not like my opinion matters , just clarifying what i meant, 
  ayy in the end we are all just buddies in this,
