  what i mean , is that i dont see why the eve rework last like 6 months longer than any other champion 's , my only possible explanation that riot doesnt think eve sells so they ... i dont know ... wait for an artist to make another skin for her ... or just they do n't know when to release it because even if they do rework it , it needs to sell to worth the effort ... so i think this situation wo n't change . 
  i 'm not saying riot is shit or sometihng , i actually enjoyed all the reworks ( well except jax 's ) and i think they did a good job . 
  what i insist is that they should make a generous move and finish the job already , making a few customers happy ( so they spread the word , works in support ticket cases ) , not worrying about how much money it will bring them . 
  also they should maybe get some temporary buff to her , to stop this madness . . you know , i played about 300 eve games after her nerf and i dont recall more than 20 games approx when my team actually didnt rage on me . 
  and it wasnt even ranked . 
  this is bullshit . 
  something must be done , no ? 
  i 'm a customer , for example i bought all the evelynn skins and somehow i feel like it 's wasted . 
  i smell a new eve and twitch skin anyway , immediately with the stealth rework . 
  edit : text is inconsistent because i 'm sleep deprivated and cant concentrate perfectly , anyways , i 'm just agreeing with you actually , umm . 
  and no offense man . 
  by the `` riot doesnt care '' i meant the inability of them to cope with the situation around eve pickers . 
  sorry , i 'm not native english . 
  wont make the same mistake again , thx for noticing, 
  lol no . 
  it was a qol change and a slight endgame buff . . and it is still not live on euw, 
  peoplpe who can not use reddit 's search function :d, 
  in seriousness : i 'm butthurt about the inequality of champion usefulness . 
  please rework karma , eve , twitch , heimer , katarina , poppy , and xin . 
  clearly that is why it got to the front page . 
  im doing full crit runes like a boss and 21/9/0 . 
  hue, 
  yes she can , the trick is that you dont start at blue . 
  i once climbed up 100 elo in a day by playing ap mf + sona bot lane combo with a friend , it was hiliarous ( ap ratio is nice on mf ult ) but i doubt it works on high elo when the lane opponents can abuse the lack of ad . 
  ad mf 's ult is not so strong as ap , though her q and w hit harder . 
  you can already do this , cick on an enemy and look the top left corner fo your screen . . 
  you can click on allies as well . 
  click again ... 
  i would play pudge all day . 
  in hungary we also had fucking epic dubs . . really the movie of the decade for me < 3, 
  kind of hijacking the post , but what do people think about tiamat as a build-finisher item on nasus ? 
  my right arm is a lot stronger than my left arm . . if you know what i mean :d, 
  draft race when you must suicide by the laz0r and get a point , a team who gets 10 or 20 pts first , wins . 
  usually 2 runners , 2 defender and a roamer . 
  usually i take eve to roam then maybe run with flash over base wall + invis . 
  not really because there is a rule that you can only get xp by champ kills , so no csing . 
  that mean usually game over beofre anyone could hit lvl 6 , but there are eexceptions . 
  there is no banned champs , but game mode is draft so ... 
  but the ultimate ban here would be shaco and twitch, 
  once we got a super close super smooth and well played game it lasted 56 minutes . . 
  i played caitlyn and my build was pd , lw , bt and 3 ie . . really didnt need as coz i got it from nunu and sivir :d, 
  bah , fun times, 
  illidan has same weapon no ? 
  ladies and gentlemen , the solution to w maxing is spell vamp quints !!!!, 
  tadaaaa ... 9 % spell vamp and w is almost free . 
  also level up q second ( like this : wqwewr ) because spell vamp works with it too , and you can go for a level 2 gank with red . 
  also , masteries are all defensive except u go for a small utility for the 3 % spell vamp . 
  i use flat armor reds and yellows and mres blues . 
  this way i can start woth boots , it is so easy to counterjungle this way , which is mundo 's task in genereal , coz his ganks are suboptimal . 
  oh huh im not that much into dota , thx for the insight, 
  when rammus reaches the base wall , the defenders are ready there , usually the place when you can jump the wall is heavily warded both sides by both parties , because it is the only safe level1 way to get past the turrets . 
  and if you powerball under the turret they gain sight of you and the defenders can prepare . 
  can you recommend a build with higher dps ? 
  or you just playing the `` i know better so fuck off '' guy ? 
  you were n't in that game so you dont know the situation . 
  all you read is 3 ie and you were like `` hoho noob , lets jump on him '', 
  have a fucking downvote, 
  `` report ww retard fail boots '' ( i got sorc boots lol ), 
  and the all time classic :, 
  [ all ] swain : report eve useless '', 
  haahhuhuehuehuehuh i got a new wallpaper :d, 
  i do n't think they are at different skill caps . 
  udyr is much more valuable in general though . 
  still terror, 
  this . 
  generalwiser is the reason i started playing lol to improve myself . 
  both , and the versatility ( tiger or phoenix ), 
  why is it so important ? 
  once carried a game with ad carry malzahar, 
  hue, 
  well i prefer to have my exhaust for counter jungleing and i need an initial slow for a gank . 
  so i dont have to go into melee range . 
  i just q them , then redbuff . 
  if i take e they have plenty of time to gtfo before i could hurt them, 
  why phantom when you have no ie ? 
  then the crit is wasted . 
  better get ionic spark then ... not like that build is viable, 
  what about singed ? 
  exactly, 
  yeah tl dr : crit is wasted , fail item, 
  i dont mean to be rude , but fuck you . 
  nah , mundo counters as strong as shyvana . 
  the trick is you get spell vamp quints so you wont get low on hp, 
  not only slavic , it means `` whore '' in finnugor languages, 
  top : ww, 
  depends . 
  i never clear my jungle as mundo . 
  i get wraiths red then counter the fuck out of the enemy , because redbuff + q mundo with exhaust is nearly unbeatable 1v1 by any jungler . 
  so i just take all the enemy jungle and walk away safely . 
  ( and without much health lost . 
  if i get a good leash i can even spare the smite for stealing enemy buffs or big wraith ), 
  since mundo is a counterjungler now , the only thing to do else than counterjungleing and ganking is , to give the lanes the buffs . 
  all the other time can spent raping the enemy jungler . 
  this way mid can have wraiths and top/bot can have golems , everyone wins . 
  especially if you have a jungler who is vulnerable early to counterjungling , like amumu , mundo is a great pick . 
  edit : you can go the safer rincent route of course , picking cloth +5 instead of boots then as quints ( and leveling wew ) , but that leaves you vulnerable ( in counterjungle ) after you burned all the pots before 6 . 
  if you happen to still have a pot when you hit 6 , you won a lot . 
  they just need time to get recognized . 
  i met some very good volibears and nauts ( chu8 stream anyone ? ), 
  so i think they have a lot of potential , people are just so hiveminded that they stick to the old ops .
