  edit : that 's team leaguecraft lol, 
  i 'm 100 % winrate with ap jungle shaco :d, 
  edit : no really , lichbane + dfg is real terror . 
  the spot remains for ad carry ( insisting that shen jungles ) so . . not yet :d, 
  im playing since the vlad patch . 
  first champion ever played : warwick , i skipped the tutorial and went for a normal 3v3 . 
  i remember dominating that game with ad build :d, 
  first buy : evelynn , was my main for a long time . 
  600 games with this b * tch :d, 
  main : for obvious reasons i switched my main , nowadays i play gp/graves because they are op :d, 
  ww with heal , gg, 
  interesting , maybe extend the idea to 5v5 ? 
  because the 1v1 type wo n't bring you many interest imo . 
  in custom games ( be it aram , araz , bravery etc. ), 
  ppl only play 5v5 . 
  i 'd like to see a full clear without recall on nunu with summoner level 1 ... 
  edit : and then anyways , any chacarter can jungle effectively with the decent runes/masteries . 
  i regularly do full clears with eve and soraka , but who cares lol, 
  thanks , it will be a classic from now on ^ ^, 
  nope , its nhat :d, 
  also , do the tutorial a few times , its op, 
  looks like stalin lol :d, 
  irelia . 
  i 'm a fan of high elo streams and i see her often in play , i try to copy runes , builds , playstyle ... doesnt work . 
  indeed :d, 
  that sucks man , you buy them all and you cant even chhose a different skin for each - . -, 
  it does , at least for you and me :d, 
  dont forget warwick o.o, 
  confirmed , i played vlad too , tried to pool fizz ult , shark still knocked up the big red thingy :d, 
  agressive playstyle brobrobrobroooo, 
  real . 
  best is janna ( khm you know why ) and worst imo is shyvana, 
  so what , jungle soraka works , jungle evelynn works too . . 
  she has same clear times and hp for ganks like amumu lol . 
  by one of the best vayne players :d, 
  you sure we use the same rune/mastery set ? 
  edit : btw sorry , no offense intended , shes a shit champ indeed lol . 
  just dont know why there is so much ( 3 tier ) difference between her and amumu . 
  i like flat magic resist on blues , gives more laning help , but usually i run flat cdr or cdr/level depending on build . 
  for example on ap shaco i run 7 flat cdr and 2 ap because this way cdr is maxed with runes + masteries + deathfire + blue pot . 
  ( well not really , but its 39.58 % , not really much difference ), 
  i think even wits end is doing good . 
  edit : gon na test it now, 
  strange thing is , i jungled with leona when she was free , and now i bought it i completely forgot the build ... 
  here it is :, 
  buy all the skins !, 
  ... ( except masquerade evelynn which i already got , lol ), 
  make this guy win the competition, 
  can we talk about the game for fucks sake ? 
  better drink my own piss . . 
  i want the stealth rework , the nine tails fox and the promised new skins !, 
  sion . 
  full combo on level 2 - . - doesnt evven have to use ult , farms with 1 click , then roams . 
   ricochet now resets her attack speed, 
  triforce anyone ? 
  :( no rod of ages + manamune + atmas + archanges combo ? 
  on the reds right ? 
  there was noo need for penetration anyway ... 
  this . 
  why , he has a stun ... and aoe in all skills . 
  also remember that alpha strike wont go in the fog of war . 
  yeah i play ` ad ' mid ... ad carries built ap !, 
  ap trist , mf , yi so much fun :d, 
  works on evelynn too lol, 
  who doesnt :d, 
  fuck christmas , i need money for skins !, 
  its an other raptors claw , easy, 
  welcome to league of legends, 
  wtf im being upvoted ? 
  lol, 
  clearly *, 
  grammarpolice at your service !, 
  lol funny thing is , there is a vocabulary in front of me right now , and there is no `` cleary '' in it . . 
  edit : no offense intended, 
  * khm * look we got 2 of these , looking back only 3 patches ... 
  first world problem :d, 
  what makes you think people actually want to ask you anything ? 
  no , i mean , before i posted , lol, 
   which of these champs will be the best investment in terms of how long they can stay viable, 
  i 'd say - from this wiewpoint - galio would be a damn good one . 
  counters all ap 's in mid . 
  if i could count how many times i saved my team from getting the enemy leblanc/sion/cassio / annie/brand/anivia / malzahar fed ... and it 's so easy to play . 
  just get like 20 flat magic resist and a ton of mana regen from runes , start with nullmagic mantle ( = ~ 80 mres at level 1 ) and then proceed to outlane everyone with q spam . 
  be unique ? 
  also eve 's ulti is the only reason ad is viable on her lol . 
  the heal part is pretty bad though . 
  better nerf evelynn !, 
  do it !, 
  good idea , might as well increase his attack range compared to other melees ( singed range is 125 for example , but for a lance , i think about 200 would be realistic/decent , would lead to an interesting champion imo . 
  she 's not smiling lol, 
  wtf u got downvoted ? 
  violent loud sex hell yeah, 
  ... bookmark ? 
  he 's teemo with a spear through his face . 
  take my money shut up and take it, 
   he is the streamer who loves his fans the most . 
  i guess its mutual < 3, 
  i 'm yet to buy udyr :d, 
  yi all the way . 
  why not , taunt them while invis and then `` wtf im attacking ? '',
