  yea , and to add to it , the mantlet is bad from the t150 to the kv4 , all 3 tanks are basically pennable by anything they meet . 
  sucks to face an e25 wth a kv4 frontally and get penned lol . 
  i dont have a kv4 , so i dont , but the kv4 's i face in my e25 , sometimes do . 
  or comet . 
  or the panther, 
  it has more gun depression , and who said an uptiered cromwell is a bad thing ? 
  the t43 is jsut an uptiered t-34-85 , and there are so many other examples where a tank is just fine with somewhat similar gun to his precedessor . 
  this day is an emotional rollercoaster, 
  you are awesome !, 
  its been a while since i drove stock tanks since i usually just pil up enough free xp to buy top modules for any tank i unlock , so i cant really talk about stock comet , but the top turret has a good mantlet so i guess its a good trandition between then cromwell and the centurion . 
  i dunno , panthers gun looks a lot betterinalmostevry aspect, 
  so its a sniper med whereas the kv13 is more like brawler flanker . 
  thereforethey are hard to compare ... 
  clearly you dont have a sense of humor, 
  yay , port is back, 
  i 'm sorry but 261  t92, 
  hah , you got me :d, 
  with none of them really working i might add, 
  and the camo, 
  not to mention the upper plate which makes pz1c 's cry like a little bitch they are :d, 
  selling accounts is illegal fyi, 
  yeah by illegal i meant it is against wg 's terms so you will get banned for it . 
  not to mention their gunmantlet is also a weakspot ... and its bigger than the cupola lol, 
  i 'd want an elc with a vk 7201 model . 
  would be fun to watch . 
  or the shroom ward + area control i guess, 
  galio massive stat shield makes him support then morde is what ... ? 
  no shit ? 
   and the better you are the more easily you can afford to fire gold more often . 
  yep , exactly why i use nothing but gold in my t49 . 
  when i get to a tier 7 game in prokorovka i have to pen tier 7 tanks frontally over and over , and the rof is enough to land quite a few shots unspotted before they get into cover . 
  of course in tier 5 games its a waste . . 
  dunno , point blank rear shots ? 
  and if you upgrade the suspension and engine first , you can use it as a med with the 85 mm lol, 
  not really , only if they dont know about the t150 's huge frontal weakspot ( which is the gun mantlet , pennable by stugs ), 
  ye but all those tanks have better mobility and gun arcs, 
  the is3 stock grind i did a little trick , i actually used the 100mm gun and not the is 's gun , because the 100mm is more accurate . 
  had a bit more time to aim for weakspots etc , and strangely enough my one and only is3 ace tanker was with the 100mm, 
  1c in tier 5 games with the gun of the pz1 that gets perf mm ( only tier 2 ) because of the shitty gun ... imagine that, 
  ye but you can mount the m62-t2 ( or whatever its called ) right when you buy it . 
  pretty sure the `` stock '' gun is just here for `` troling '' purposes or just because wg seemed to just not care to remove it , like the `` derp '' gun on the m46 patton . 
  but the humor value of stock turret man ... 
  reminds me of diablo2 . 
  which is a good thing , 
  which basically proves the players dont care for historical accuracy at all . 
  at least if it makes no sense inside the game . 
  ( in real word the gun would have worked , i guess , i dont know , but in this game its practically useless ), 
  i mastered the stock panzer 3 on my first game i believe , but thats tier 4 so its not that of a feat . 
  this one is real nice , even if it wasnt stock . 
  grats !, 
  that thing . . !!!!!!, 
  i have nearly 1000 games in the t49 and even now i sometimes go back to the 57 mm with the stock turret , because with the open top it gets more wiewrange than the upgraded turret and the stock gun is more accurate , with about the same dpm and damage per game potential . . its just another playstyle which has its drawbacks . . 
  i like it !, 
  oh , fuck you . 
  i 'm so jelly . 
  of the first 10 games i lost 9 and had a 0.15 damage ratio after on that tank ( now after a few more games its normalized , but still . ), 
  i find it amusing that on the team score screen your mouse rests on a plate of a player named `` kazna '', 
  i think the reload time is the biggest problem , you may have a big gun but it sacrifices too much for it . 
  very gimmicky , similar to the pak40 which also only has a good gun and a high viewrange but thats it . 
  at least the pak40 is accurate . 
  a platoon of three for me feels more of a waste - perhaps only there because of the ammo limitation . 
  i 'm close to 1k games in t49 , only ever tooned it once in a while with an arty , and even then it felt like i 'm stealing his damage xp because once i see anything i shoot at it . 
  tooning these would ensure good winrate , but would lower the wn8 overall . 
  lately i 've been averaging around 1100 dmg per game , now imagine it in a platoon of 3 . 
  not to mention the t49 has usual spots per map and if you are together somewhere , locked down perhaps by y higher tier heavy , you cant push the flank then all you can do is dpm what you see - in this case one t49 is enough because of the insane dpm . 
  whut ? 
  it reverses slower than a tog , turns like a tortoise , and the armor is bullshit in tier 3 , and many tier 2 tanks have enough pen or he , or even only track you for arty . . also horrible aim time for the gun . . 
  i rebought after the recent nerfs , put the 360 % ish t49 crew in it and after 20 games i rage sold it . 
  it sacrifices too much for the gun just like the t82 , and if you use the 2pdr then you can just drive a cruiser 3 instead . 
  and none in tier 4 or 5 games . 
  except if you run the 2cm flak and use only apcr , 51 average pen is hilarious with 110 dmg potential every 3 secs . 
  mine is alecto . 
  insane camo and wiew range , decent speed . 
  i run rammer camo bino and occasionally alternate between the two viable guns ( 6pdr and the derp ) both has strengths , i like the derp a bit more since it shoots people behind cover ( and doesnt need gold to ~ ~ statpad ~ ~ ~ ~ wn8-farm ~ ~ to maximize xp gain ), 
  and when you are spotted you are oneshotted by he ammo of tds one tier lower than you lol . 
  seriously i eat flakbuses for lunch in my su85b . 
  yeah , that 's why i like higher tiers of this line and the e25 more , not really that mush of a chance to get oneshotted , and some tanks like the borsig or the e25 has decent speed to run to cover . 
  i liked the old td line until tier 7 and prefer the new line after tier 7  ( although i only just researched the jagdpanther ii , so `` prefer '' might not be the perfect word ), 
  although the old line doesnt have much wiew range , its decent . 
  i researched the wte100 first and also played the crew for about 1200 games in the e25 , so i had a decent crew after retraining it for the hetzer , and the old td line was a blast this way . 
  probably would not be like this the other way around . 
  i agree , but that requires coordniation , and perhaps ts or something and decent players . 
  not that i dont know decent players , but i ( and i presume them , too ) play mostly platoons for fun , and the serious coordiantion on ts takes away the fun a little , except if you do it by attitude which most of my friends doesnt have ( its fine ), 
  this is why i like to encourage my friends to take different roles when platooning . 
  one arty , one td , one heavy , and everyone is jsut doing his job and even if we ts we just small talk , and its chill . 
  wasnt that fury for killing unit instead ? 
  or did the tryn have that gold per kill item ( forgot the name ), 
  mfw i play eve for 4 seasons and get reported every time, 
  season 1 : playing eve at all, 
  season 2 : playing roaming eve ( instead of jungle ), 
  season 3 : playing jungle ( instead of mid ), 
  season 4 : playing mid or top ( instead of jungle ), 
  thx community , lost 200 skins due to a permaban cause of your fucking trigger happy on report buttons / rant, 
  well you can cancel auto attacks at least :d, 
   permabans are carefully looked at by actual people at riot, 
  proof ? 
  as in , that my case were looked at . 
  i werent a dick in the first place . 
  when i was a dick that was around season 3 , where i got sick of the others baing a dick and i also had a serious mental problem irl as well . 
  but even then `` being a dick '' was shooting adult jokes , taking blues as a jungler , and playing ap nunu mid .
