  you win by killing your lane over and over to the point where the other team starts flaming first . 
  that is the point where you can win the game . 
  what is even more better , you can spam `` i will smite blue '' and there will be at least one numbnut who still tries to give you smiteless . 
  or trying to leash for a shaco . 
  or protecting your blue . . when you are lee sin, 
  edit : im really trying to be constructive here , anyone care to explain why the downvotes ? 
  well number 1 rule of playing soloq , is to take a break after 2 consecutive losses . 
  your fault trying to play in that mood . 
  no , seriously . 
  just fucking stop , its that easy . 
  never , but the point is not an early solo baron . 
  that is a piece of cake with nunu . 
  i am trying do do it with a specific champion . 
  this time it is warwick, 
  then you did something wrong . 
  my rule is that i am not 100 % confident i can win the next game i wont sit down . 
  ( well i sit , just not play ranked ) by all aspects : mood , concentration , comfort . 
  you are telling me that 14 consecutive games is not your fault = you wont convince me . 
   i 've seriously considered stop playing lol because of this one incident . 
  no you dont . 
  nice plays . . although the olaf thumbnail is kinda misleading , 
  what do you mean reclaiming ? 
  did nature owned it before ? 
  well it wouldnt work as a . jpg though, 
   you have to get reported a lot for this to happen . 
  and you will . . that is my point, 
  it 's like they purposely wanted to kill anything that made her beautiful . . 
  shit my way is paved to diamond then l0l, 
  well every game on sr i repeat every game someone asks or threatens with a report . 
  unless you have solid proof they are lying you wont convince me its a fake threat ... 
  nope , lowest armor is sona ( 8 ), 
  i know , but still ... 
  today i played ap ashe in a bot game and got threatened to report . . no , not for ap ashe . . for ks . 
  like . . imagine my autoattacks . . and this guy , played ad warwick . 
  which one of us was more toxic ? 
  nope , lol, 
  he buys cleaver now , and if mana problems then frozen heart . 
  no you never run oom since you will never cast the q on exactly 20 mana, 
  fizz has no sustain and no utility . 
  cant compare the two, 
  but i agree , ap warwick sucks dick . 
  maybe mpen tank ww ala elise style, 
  gunbade for manly people, 
  mundo with 4 old gunblades and a spirit visage . 
  terror, 
  in all seriousness spell vamp got nerfed because of akali stacking gunblades for free dominion wins, 
  gives only mana . 
  imagine fighting tear vs 2 dorans, 
  first priority is brutalizer before boots to get an item edge over opponent . 
  then you have the space to buy tear . 
  if you buy tear first a smart ad carry can punish you so hard having wasted 700 gold on an item that gives 0 trading power ( well it gives longterm tradepower but duh ), 
  you got ta have a gold value lead over your opponent if you want to build a tear . 
  most champs that rush tear have it by nature , for example khazix mid , but even so , khazix can still rush bruta for better snowballs . 
  you have to understand that if you buy enough offense t out trade your opponent you dont need mana anymore if you forced him out of lane . 
  so buying offense early is always better than buying `` supplementary '' items . 
  this is why , for example , manamune is bad on warwick . . he is incredibly sick with that item . 
  imagine ult procs 5 times , q as well . 
  it 's just tear takes too much time to stack and if you rush manamune you wasted your trade potential , because your enemy , even if you countered him or something , can itemize smarter , more efficient , and beat you that way . 
  then you spent 6k gold on 0 defense with a carry that has no range outside q and even that relies on hitting a hard skillshot . 
  noooooo . 
  but it feels like one, 
  well you do , because you sumbitted your post . 
  yeah sure, 
  that might be true , but what i mean is rushing brutalizer and anally abusing that enemy ad is even better . 
  because god save you from lategame . . 
  holy shit this guy ... 
  oh well , shit . 
  reading that back i have to say you are completely right . 
  however i think my point about tear rush still stands . 
  yeah even i use it sometimes , and i never lost , but then again , in my elo ( silver 1 ) you can play anything . 
  i got a quadra and 19 kills with ap mf one day . . 
  the discussion was about tear . 
  it gives no offensive stat . 
  well if you have a totally different experience you either play in a very different setup ( high elo for example ) , or it is just my perception that changes things . 
  probably the latter which forces me to rethink my point . 
  anyways that ase game i didnt say a word and didnt try to intentionally ks or something . 
  not that i could be legit reported for ks . 
  anyways , i ended up 15/5/19 so i guess everyone can be happy . 
  still , it created a bad environment for me , so i guess the real problem was that i didnt report the guy who insulted me ( for ksing ) ? 
  i dont want to spam report man . 
  so far my policy was : report intentional feed , curse words flame ( cancer , retard ) and afk . 
  nothing else . 
  i mean , i could report the entire player mass i played with from level 1 to 14 in 2 days ( leveling my smurf in botgames ) , just because i had experience in botgames so i could abuse my mejais , resulting in better damage , resulting in me getting all the kills resulting in every single guy who wanted to take the kill threatening to report me . 
  what i say is that i did nothing wrong ( imo ) and it is me who has fear to get put to tribunal ... 
  perhaps im paranoiac . 
  or sell every single item for ad and as ? 
  phew , thanks for counting it out , but keep in mind phatom crit and ms doesnt really help vs nexus . 
  yes they were all your fault . 
  by utility i meant team utility . 
  warwick is like shen or udyr , he only has to stay alive until lategame to be a better force than fizz.i mean for sure he loses lane vs fizz but that is not the point , ww just gets more utility with his free point and click gap closer stun and his w worth 5k gold alone in teamfight utility . 
  also by utility i mean team utility , for example stuns , teamsteroid/aura etc. 
  plus , i said , you cant compare , no point . 
  so you dont upgrade your chalice . . ? 
  anyways it gives mr. 
  versus ad you buy glacial . . 
  reading that back i somehow slipped through the word `` about '' . 
  my bad , sorry . 
  and hotshot . . ? 
  he was such an annying force midgame ... 
  clg will get rid of every single member except hotshot before hotshot . .
