  til the back side of the turret is not a hitbox . . o.o, 
  no it is not normal and should be reported for inaction . 
  o well :d i was talking from a f2p stanpoint, 
  [ little convo i had with foch after i oneshot his scout through a tiny gap in abbey ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dhg39jy.jpg ), 
  1 year or more . 
  the 40th screenshot and i have 300 in my folder, 
  you might wan na search be `` actor '' then , if you find a good one, 
  do it dad, 
  t-25 has shit gun handling and mediocre dpm though . 
  i 'd choose the pz .4 over it anytime , even though it has worse hp ( and accel ? ), 
  lol, 
  its the gun of the fucking tiger 2 at tier 7 . 
  what do you think ? 
  yep , and only one is usable, 
  geez what do you think ? 
  it can actually be a viable tactic . 
  put down cho and an 1 damage minion on an empty board the fill up the enemy hand with mind visions , tada , he cant play anything and you slowly kill him . 
  usually the best method ( i think ) is that if you know you are spotted without 6th sense ( for example poking around a corner ) then if you go back to cover where you know you will be not spotted , determine the moment you think you are not in line of sight anymore , and count 9 seconds form that moment ( easier to have a sense of time when you have a reload timer . . for example when you got to cover again your reload timer was 11 sec , you will be usually unspotted when your reload timer is 2 sec ), 
   you, 
   not a shitlord, 
  pick one, 
  no heavy needs sixth sense that much imo , except a few ones which you play as mediums , like the fcm 50t . 
  edit : hey dumbfucks , i did not say that heavies do not need it . 
  i said they do not need it that much . 
  yeah , this one is used in light tanks where you pop up over a ridge for a fraction of a second, 
  well we are saying he didnt , obviously . 
  tier 8 arty , and shoot tier 10s . 
  at that tier you can do more damage with one shot ( xp wise ) than a tier 6 would , to a tier 8 tank . 
  i did almost all of my arty missions with the s-51 and the 14-2 . 
  can we see his tanks played ? 
  when i was a scrub i ablosuletly loved the pz . 
  1c cause it was fast and pew pew . 
  so i played like 800 games in it . 
  all day i spammed pz . 
  those games were very short , i had a 8 % survival rate but i enjoyed it . 
  now i 'm a 2200 player but back then , when i first installed xvm my wn8 was around 700 , and i had about 8k games already . 
  [ reminds me of another hammer ... ] ( http://pre07.deviantart.net/a669/th/pre/f/2012/321/a/9/hammer_of_jayce__the_defender_of_tomorrow_by_zacko86-d5la30s.jpg ), 
  league of legends afterbattle is cancerous enough , learn from that, 
  3.7 k dmg game is very good , but not at all exceptional as in - video worthy . 
  most people over 2k wn8 have a couple games like that . 
  lefexel , on eu . 
  my max dmg in that tank is 4.8 k, 
  i cant , the lag will be bad, 
  i disagree . 
  life is like chess indeed . 
  on family reunions , you could ask everyone to bring the fig with them , and take a group photo with everyone , with the figs having a `` group photo '' themselves , in front of the actual photo . 
  would make for an awesome group photo idea imo, 
  you are the cancer of random games ... 
  ultimately no one should be reported for being bad . 
  or , for having bad results , or bad ideas . 
  that is 8 meters . 
  wtf, 
  this is hilarious :d first chatlog i enjoyed . 
  r e k t, 
  or anyone below gold 3 lol, 
  and 1 line on lakeville :d, 
  looks a lot like the stuart hull, 
  6/10 but your eyebrows are really off-putting imo . 
  plus flash tp on every single jungler for better map presence . . 
  lol do you have a little bit heat where the reports are done in the player list ? 
  i like how simple you made the eyes - as they are not the focus of the picture, 
  thanks . 
  but perhaps stay a little while . 
  maybe give some tips on how you made it , for all the things you got when you were here ? 
  lots of love from hungary . 
  hope she gets better , 
  wouldnt *, 
  convertible free xp probably . 
  past tense of what is what again ? 
  i meant wouldnt instead of dont . 
  grammatically , yes . 
  yep , a very good architect, 
  safecracker eve over masq or tango ... jeez, 
  i have an alt named alecto_move_it_move_it, 
  beautiful . 
  detecting large amounts of mucha influence , 
   oh lego , where are your basket-balling wheelsters ? 
  baseball playing duplo folk with hearing aids ? 
  white cane using lego friends off to the gym ? '', 
  said the petition , which attracted more than 20,000 signatures . 
  sounds like a parody . . 
  tldr : he shot first, 
  drop camo on the commander for recon , for sure . 
  train camo as 5th, 
  at least it cuts spellvamp to 33 %, 
  too bad tiger jungle sucks dick so everyone goes phoenix, 
  sound like you need a rant . 
  i listen to everything . 
  pm me . 
  or post to / r/trueoffmychest or / r/self, 
  gwe100 is less historical than that . . 
  or homo, 
  szimpla is chock full of tourists though , at least from what i have heard, 
  hey sherlock , i have a 100 % retardproof method of not getting lose streaks . 
  fucking quit after 2-3 losses . . 
  nothing, 
  i dont think it becomes that cancerous , its more like the overall skill and crew quality becomes better there . 
  source : having 3marked two tier 5 aties which are just as cancer as a cgc, 
  that is my point , that arty in itself is not cancerous , its when someone who knows how to play them , drives them . . 
  it 's the same when an su-122a oneshots a kv1 or a obj 212 oneshots a centurion .
