  for example if you can 100 % kill an enemy aim for a spot where you can also splash another tank with it etc. 
  well the spershing is very good , just not for money making :d, 
  actually , yeah , if you like it you should read goethe in original, 
  thank you for noticing , i missed this game, 
  tell that to a churgc playing against t37s . 
  it 's a turretless ru basically ? 
  who the fuck is jordan sparks ? 
  except rivendare i guess, 
  and then they would realize they cant play more than 1 because the game is already over at turn 5, 
  well it was double the worth of an euro , when euro was introduced . 
  its just that euro grew a lot, 
  he crushed face hunters before game was introduced ? 
  d * ck slots, 
  i got confused , sorry . 
  they do, 
  no dude , a shit joke is shit, 
  of course they are the same playstlye . 
  back then dicker max was supposed to be the real tier 6 td in that line , you can see the remains of that plan : the sturer has the gun of the dicker as stock gun . 
  sturer 1shots tier 5s tho, 
  alecto with the 6pdr comes close . 
  btw , as for the scorpion , its playstlye reminds me of the marder 38t . 
  i meant the e-25 . 
  alecto with 6pdr plays similar to the e-25 . 
  and the marder plays like the scorpion , minus the gun depression i guess . 
  i recently crafted a face hunter deck . 
  every time i get a significant advantage i spam `` my apologies '' , because it just feels so dirty playing that deck . 
  i was rank 19 max for like 4 months . 
  today i climbed up to 11 ... 
  i 'm not . 
  well he has to watch it for a while to decide, 
  i didnt know . 
  i meant it sincerely ... 
  not really since you get a shitload of + spell dmg with velens chosens anyways . 
  also way more inaccurate at tier 3 as a counterbalance measure, 
  well it has all the characteristics of a derp gun : low shell travel time , long reload , very inaccurate, 
  adn then between reloads you ram a few do death, 
  too bad the heat sucks on it, 
  ye but it has the chance to bounce while the borsig does not . 
  good luck 1shotting a b1 or a b2, 
  and it meets tier 4 and 5 tanks with an excellent he shell . . wink wink, 
  and nashorns, 
  also how i learned that o can overmatch the belly armor too , if they cross a ridge or something . 
  that is how i frontally penned an e-75 with my e-25 , 
  edit : ap ammo obviously, 
  you mean the t14 ? 
  did i spot an 59-16 without camo paint there ? 
  teemo doesnt have a flash on 6 sec cd lol, 
  mainly bad accuracy , high alpha and extensive use of he shells . 
  high risk high reward guns, 
  i did know that , and i platooned with a tier 9 in fact . 
  i managed to get top dmg in that game though , so i guess it was ok . 
  i love the e25 and i strongly think that it does not need the extra mm, 
  yeah but it struggles to pen tier 8s frontally anyways , so the only chance is flanking which he can do in tier 9s also since tier 8 and 9 side armor doesnt differ much . 
  except sti , fuck that tank, 
  sadly no . 
  the standard for being a quality human is so high yet so many people dont even try to achieve them , that we can safely say tb is indeed awesome , at least compared to the average human . 
  thats good to hear , 
  never go full retard . 
  can you tell what mod you are using for counting blocked dmg ? 
  and would be extremely irrelevant against hunter, 
  or give him hp, 
  wow , scary , 
  well he just said it so ... 
  i love how you made stalagg a shaman card . 
  subtle, 
  didnt the m60 have a `` tv screen '' attached to the gun barrel ? 
  on turn 5 ? 
  also he is missing on free bombardiers, 
  i like how the name for those he rounds are the same as the regular he except they added 2 letters - bm, 
  no shit ? 
  its like we both looked at the same picture ? 
  not rly, 
  edit : i got corrected . 
  2 hemets are indeed half as likely to get than feugen + stalagg . 
  dont downvote this guy he is right . 
  i was wrong . 
  thanks for correcting me . 
  looks like a decent `` motorcycle chick '' , 6.5 / 10 but probably would give 7-8/10 if i were a big , bearded harley lover . 
  thank you for the interesting story , 
  finish naxx . 
  some of the reward cards you get , like kel ` thuzad , are among the best viable cards , while blackrock , we dont know anything about yet . 
  ( in terms of how good the cards are , at least ), 
  lmao, 
  it used to be the t-25 , because no matter what i did in that tank i won . 
  i got a 62 % winrate in it after 300 + games and i still dont know what the fuck am i doing . 
  nowadays it 's the s-51 . 
  it just feels good to oneshot tier 9s . 
  true , and csp has 370 wiewrange so you can do crazy shit like drive into the middle of the map on karelia assault and spot for yourself and shoot from cover lol, 
  i got a good crew in it with 6 sense , all of the gunnery skills ( smooth ride , snap shot , deadeye ( or is that eagle eye ? 
  ) , and bia . 
  i also use premium food , rammer , gld and camonet . 
  i only fire gold he because the main strenght of this arty is the splash and gold ammo just has more , and it needs splsahs because it has bad accuracy . 
  there are some arty tricks which make you handle it better when traversing hull , its not that bad and youalso got 48 secs to aim :d, 
  and you only need to splash 3 hits ( ~ 750 dmg each ) to get blue wn8 , really fun tank also it can get bombardiers easily . 
  after a few dozen games when you get a feel of the splash you can do trickshots like shoot between 2 tanks and kill both , but you have to estimate splash dmg . 
  why should she stop ? ... 
  without any doubt the rhm . 
  stock gun is the more consistent ( `` better '' ) one , and it has no significant upgrades other than engine , but even with stock its ok . 
  and then next turn i coin out skill command kappa, 
  oh , i almost forgot .
