  ye , it worked up until the borsig and i decided to keep it because at that time i used the e25 more, 
  i got 989 avg xp in my chafee , is that a lot ? 
  [ yup ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/2rilbw/went_to_the_donington_grand_prix_collection/ ), 
  one of the few comments that made me laugh out loud , 
  hetzer rear armor is garbage just circle him, 
  that is the amx 40 ^ ^, 
  til the tog is heavier than a tortoise ... 
  holy mother of ... wow, 
  is that full heat ? 
  lol, 
  nice penetrations then , 
  tier 4 on japan is exceptionally broken though . . both of them have good wiewrange , gun depression , and an 57 mm gun . 
  chi he is a mini comet, 
  and a shitty one at that, 
  nope, 
  well the 85 is more accurate , fires more than twice as fast and has a he shell just as good as the 122 in most situations . 
  there is literally not a single reason to use the 122 over the 85 , because if you wan na shoot he you can do it from the 85 , its he shell is very good , around 280 damage - enough to oneshot flakbuses, 
  i love to oneshot them with su-85b lol, 
  i swear if they release a vivian james sivir/eve skin i will reinstall this game, 
  hey man , i dont know how serious i am , but there are a few subreddits with awesome communities that helped me ( i was in a situation that i feel similar to yours ) , might give them a shot so you can feel even better . 
  / r/offmychest , / r/trueoffmychest , / r/suicidewatch , / r/depression , and most of all : / r/happy, 
  no problem man , glad you are fine . 
   true happiness can only be found in moments , sometimes very small, 
  you might have no idea about how true this is ... 
  also , now that you also know these subs , i encourage you to spread the word if you stumble upon someone who could use them ... 
  hah , and when mootz did it you glorified him . 
  rddt , you hypocritical . . 
  moootz , rddt clan member . 
  he or someone else posted a video about him teamkilling quicky at the start of the game and all the comments where like `` good job he deserved it '' . 
  nobody deserves to be tked and tk shouldnt be glorified , at any circumstances . 
  i 'm sorry but you are an asshole for simply implying, 
  no , it was literally moootz , member ot the rddt main clan at that time , in a t54e1 tk ` ing quicky in his chafee out of sport . 
  i remember seeing the video posted here , but dont remember who posted . 
  oh , yeah , in that way , yes you are correct . 
  in my opinion ( and i really think it should be standard ) , no tk should ever be justified so its pretty hypocritical that in two similar events people sided with different sides of the tk . 
  let alone thinking that the tk should in any ways be fun or glorious . 
  also i see now what you meant, 
   rddt , you hypocritical . 
  was supposed to be, 
   reddit , you hypocritical . 
  but that tank sucks yo, 
  ye you dont , but a lot of people here are , sadly . 
  whether the person understands or not , doesnt add or subtract anything from the fact that it shouldnt happen . 
  you dont kill people in real life because of `` trolling '' . 
  no , its the tier 2 german arty . 
  you know what just get teamkilled a few times in a row by dicks and see what you think, 
  jesus you are a stubborn fuck, 
  you are a condescending , judgemental , egoistic piece of shit and you have my ignore . 
  by the time you shoot one heat from the u-11 the 85 mm shoots 2 ap . 
  also , he pen is irrelevant since you will only shoot he at targets you can pen with the 85 mm he anyways . 
  shooting he on heavy tanks is really dumb . 
  problem with the u-11 that it will not do full damage all the time so you cant use all the dpm . 
  the 855 has better dpm and with smart use of he and ap you can utilize it . 
  i dont think your `` sarcasm wins every argument '' attitude will bring you far in life . 
  i understand your point . 
  simply implying that i dont understand that real life is more important shows both that you only took the first argument that looked plausible and then rolled with it witohut checking ( confirmation bias ) , and that also you immediately felt superior ( and then treated me so ) because you thought you won the argument ( dunning-kruger effect ) . 
  you are a typical below-average keyboard warrior . 
  you disgust me , honestly . 
  i 'm not angry . 
  i was angry at first before i realized you are a retard , but i 'm fine now . 
  doesnt matter why he did it . 
  tk is tk . 
  it 's not `` less of a crime '' because its qb . 
  hold on , i need my daily dose of cancer, 
  well , thats just like . . your opinion , man . 
  huh ? 
  i would tell you a type 59 joke , but you would n't get it . 
  erm 403 error ? 
   great players have average or below avg stats cuz of horrible teammates . 
  kek, 
  thanks !, 
  you can only get the tank for a limited time but you can always start the is-2 grind . 
  the 111 can stay in your garage for a long time , no need to do `` quick grinds '' jsut because you need a crew . 
  first day i went up to something like 76 % on is-2 . 
  granted , i played it for about 90 games, 
  e25 chassis , su-122-44 gun and bulldog 's wiewrange, 
  another one : pz .1 c engine , pz . 
  itt : people not reading the full post . 
   only real rules is that tanks must be of the same tier, 
  meh , that gun is shitty in terms of dpm and handling . 
  you dont play lol , do you ? 
  my essential mods ( among others ) :, 
  xvm ( obviously ), 
  safeshot ( saves a shot if i would `` accidentally '' click on a teammate , but also on a dead tank ), 
  30x zoom ( sniping ftw ), 
  melty 's mapmathmod crosshair ( nice clean crosshair with good reload indicator , also has an indicator if its safe to shoot based on the enemy wiewrange ), 
  i forgot the mod name , but it displays my current wn8 ingame based on the dmg/kills i currently have, 
  hitlogs ( incoming/outgoing ), 
  also dont know the name but there is amod in aslain 's pack which i use , that displays if an enemy tank is spotted or not in the list , or if it never got spotted . 
  useful for predicting afk 's , or having an idea about how many possible players are camping beinhd the flank you wan na push ), 
  yasenkrasen 's session stats ( so i can have an idea about my recent wn8 and what tanks do i suck in ), 
  all in all , i strongly recommend aslain 's pack , it has a fuckton of mods , all configurable upon install ( it comes with a handy installer tool , lets you select the mods you want ), 
  `` time flies like an arrow ... '' is a quote from a lol character , zilean , and pretty well-known in the playerbase . 
  so that quote was more like a zilean reference ( and so are some other comments in reply to that ) than a joke, 
  ye but that doesnt happen every shot, 
  camo ( and being outside of spot range ) helps . 
  just reverse to the edge of the map and snipe lol, 
  he is referencing a previous ftr post that quted wg saying that there is no illegal mod on eu . 
  as in , you are completely free to install any mod and get away with it * wink *, 
  oh darn i cant wait to basecamp with my kv2 and still do 4k dmg thanks to the arty aim for tanks part .
