  i want to make a character build that relies on attacking very fast and proccing spells ( things like 25 % chance to cast x spell on attacks mean more dps if i attack fast ) and adding flat elemental damage to the weapon ( shaman 's brute force for example ) . 
  is that build viable , and if so , what melee attack should i use ? 
  ( is there an attack that procs spells faster than a normal attack ? 
  similar to zeal in diablo 2 ), 
   will turn it into 90 physical and 11.2 fire damage . 
  which is 101.2 damage , an 1.2 % damage increase as i stated . 
  ( thanks anyway ), 
  well i already met monsters fire doesnt do shit against . . and im level 20 . 
  is there a way to decrease mob resists later in the game ? 
  ( like in d2 with conviction , or lower resist , or stuff like -55 % enemy lightning resist on the infinity runeword ), 
  holy fuck 180k is a shit ton of money for 1 person for a month . 
  i 'm currently living in a family of 4 . . from 220k, 
  might as well buy a digital clock instead ... 
  i dunno his dual saber was kinda cool, 
  amazon . 
  necromancer . 
  fuck i love diablo 2, 
  most likely not, 
  haha i bet you wish, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks , i like it !, 
  update : i found a [ combat medic 's mark ] ( http://grimdawn.wikia.com/wiki/combat_medic's_mark ) which i enhanced with a corspe dust and generally i filled up my inventory with health regen and corpse dusts , and now i regenerate 171 health per second , cronley runs where i usually died once or twice , now i rip through it no problem !, 
  with tons of hdr, 
  stock sturer vs t95 ayyy, 
  i see . 
  but i can theoretically `` increase '' the damage done by reducing the enemy 's acide resistance , right ? 
  thanks !, 
  ca n't decide if extremely retarded , or just being an ass, 
  lmao, 
  baby dont derp me, 
  on the flipside , season 1 there was a cheese when you could take ignite smite eve , and kill double golems by smiting one and igniting the other . 
  this gave you instant level 2 , and you had stun . 
  ( iirc you needed to have specific runes , too ), 
  i played that a lot , but then i met a guy named sorakabot ... 
  not really , all it would to is to stall every single fight due to constant pressure . 
  everyone would just spam their shit and no one would engage, 
  5 years, 
  whatever you are doing , it works . 
  keep it up, 
  correction , i think my profile name is wakka . 
  i think im just a nub to steam, 
  i think i added you , but i cant tell , your profile seems to be private, 
  i dunno what that means , i 'm in hungary so its probably eu or something, 
  i mean the region, 
  hmm you are right , although i can play at night sometimes, 
  wait , does that mean damage converted to health ( lifeleech ) works with spells that do main hand damage ( soch as forcewave with tremor in my case ) ? 
  i forgot to ask , that i 'll probably need a bosskiller skill . 
  since the item-given `` 10 % chance to cast lightning blabla on attack '' works with any skills i only have to worry about the tsunami which will be bound to the nova . 
  does that mean i have to go for another devotion-based proc spell for boss , and another skill to proc it ( say , savagery looks good for that ) , or should the endgame damage of nova will be enough to just spam it on the bosses ? 
  so , on 5 . does that mean that if i go weapon + shield there is no incentive to go for flat damage since only 28 % of that is going to translate into nova damage , whereas if i go a weapon + caster offhand with massive lightning damage % , that increases the nova damage better . . ? 
  thanks , i 'm looking into savagery and aether ray as / u/tirocupidus suggested , but i 'm open to anything , really . 
  mainly cold and lightning damage would be nice because of the star pact, 
  edit : you are the same person lmao , didnt even look . 
  whoops , i meant 2h weapon instead of weapon + shield, 
  why do you give a shit ? 
  just enjoy the game lol, 
  i mean , no offense , but maybe sometimes it can be a viable strategy , that instead of the goal you set for yourself you look for alternative ways to enjoy the game . 
  for example my brother only plays a few arty games a day and when he gets bad rng he quits . 
  he is having fun even though he is a `` shitter '' . 
  i just did . 
  looks like my options are either a lightnign-cold item build going sky shards , or an eather-lightningh build going ather ray ( and arcane bombs on devotion later ), 
  edit : nope , going sky shards so i only have to take one exclusive skill . 
  i got one from the first kill in normal , i can give you the fragment for free because i dont need it . 
  steam username is wakka_bot, 
  i 'm going to sleep in about half an hour , so next time you can msg me is tomorrow if you miss that . 
  but i stashed it away so you can ask for it anytime ), 
  with less annoyance !, 
  infinite town portal for example , free id scroll etc. 
  with your features i 'd say your hair probably doesnt matter, 
  i dont know any more english books but where i live ( hungary ) there are a few excellent ones, 
  i 'll upvote anything about akira anyway, 
  first time i saw this i laughed for a solid 2 minutes, 
  was * ftfy, 
  go for it m8 but she still isnt hot , you are just gerontophiliac, 
  well i happen to have a primal strike druid already lol , its just fixated on ranged dps cause i have briathorn to tank it up . 
  perhaps i can respec to tank ? 
  edit : also why not forcewave ? 
  bigger aoe , and more physical damage = better in terms of lifesteal, 
  thanks , but i have more questions !, 
  - why not veterancy ? 
  - why only 3 pts in menhir 's will ? 
  - wendigo totem not needed much ? 
  i thought its crazy good for sustain, 
  - also no mogdrogen 's pact ? 
  i thought a good hp regen is the base of a good tank, 
  i dunno mate i think you are wrong because i just played my tremor forcewave soldier and it procs falcon swoop like crazy !, 
  and after amassing some % phys dmg it can 2shot most mobs up until level 50ish ( possibly higher , i dont know , didnt play it more ), 
  also note : any spell that has any % of main hand damage can procs any devotions . 
  hell , one of my char leveled up to 44 just using lightning nova and proccing elemental storm, 
  thanks for the detalied reply !, 
  i have to tell you reading your answers i feld bad because i realized my mind was full of level 20-40 chars where flat regen is still okay . 
  i guess your mindset was on endgame builds . 
  i also forgot how easy is to respec . 
  so basically only the mastery points matter early on . . 
  a note : regarding your build , it is a warder , so do you think if i modify it by picking forcewave insted of savagery , it can also work ? 
  it is also phys + bleed anyways so i can even keep primal bond . 
  edit : hold on , looking a bit closer i found you are using default attack enhancers which dont work with forcewave . 
  how about blade arc then ? 
  ( because i found a very good weapon for blade arc ), 
  well where i live cats just eat our food so we are literally eat cat food ...
