  ... context ? 
  might wan na xpost it to / r/summonerschool, 
  please , if your are shittalking me at least dont leave holes in your argument . 
  there is a cake icon next to my name which means i 'm here since a year . 
  and of course i know the orignial vide , dumbass . 
  i just do n't know what happened to it . 
  since i only watched it like . . 4 times so i dont look at it every day ... 
  fuck you , i upvote what i want !, 
  / r/firstworldanarchists, 
  nothing , i repeat , nothing beats lux , sorry . 
  not even lulu . 
  you might even call it `` suave '' , 
  true . 
  ad taric is so funnier though, 
  you arent going to accept your failure , are you ? 
  loading for me . . 
  thanks < 3, 
  yep , she really needs a rework, 
  best bug ever . 
  hands down . 
  especially if you rush malady , that shred man . . 
  would submit my liver, 
  and he just copy pasted that . 
  lmao, 
  butthurt much ? 
  lmao, 
  ps : with this attitude i think you deserved a permaban lol, 
  dont think it would start , i think it would bug out, 
  i see 2 upvotes and 0 downvotes ? 
  wtf, 
  i dont normally do this , because what i 'm gonig to say is extremely `` bromide '' ( hope my dictionary doesnt fail this time ) , but . . 
  . . this is the single most interesting post i read on this subreddit . . ever . 
  really touches me , and this comes from a guy who has a very hard time letting out any emotion . 
  thanks for coloring my day . 
  might be a complete blind shot but . . magyar vagy ? 
  absolutely ... and i love it, 
  haha , i guess / r/whatstheword would have been a better source . 
  i guss clich would work but the word i was looking for something like `` so overused it 's not fitting anymore if you want to be unique '', 
  behind the boys head, 
  wow man i 'm jelly , i 'm over 20 mil . 
  sadly i got 200 + ping there :(, 
  i thought i ran into a fellow hungarian , as his name is a wordplay on a famous hungarian poet , turns out its his own name . 
  i believe he is from japan ? 
  that would explain a lot - japanese people have ... different approach to the penis, 
  i dont know but probably he wants to say that botlane is long for nasus to kite them with slow ? 
  its all squares to me , lol, 
  its just how reddit works . 
  if you as for proof and op provides . . you will get downvoted . 
  wow , and i share my cakeday with lol , 
  fuck you too !, 
  the one that spins ? 
  or the one that doesnt die ? 
  it can be because where he came from , names are pretty much like that , and he translated it back to english . 
  japanese is a very simple language in terms of expression, 
  i did it once , double gp10 , max e , armor shred is like taric w lol . 
  also tank everything and poke, 
  dont you understand ? 
  this subreddit will never boceome irrelevant , as we all ar a very large group of people playing this game , paying for shit and we are letting our voices heard . 
  if we demand poop riot will give poop, 
  it was vs level 20 players :d, 
  its a lance not a sword !!!!!, 
  ( just looked it up on urbandictionary lol ), 
  i remember in s1 i had something like 12-0 with heimer when i only played him in free weeks lol, 
  just took this one : http://www.humanmetrics.com/cgi-win/jtypes2.asp, 
  intj indeed , 
  may i ask you , what made you make the first comment ( about me possibly being intj ) ? 
  edit : your type, 
  intj, 
  introvert ( 50 % ) intuitive ( 62 % ) intuitive thinking ( 1 % ) judging ( 22 % ), 
  you have moderate preference of introversion over extraversion ( 50 % ), 
  you have distinctive preference of intuition over sensing ( 62 % ), 
  you have marginal or no preference of thinking over feeling ( 1 % ), 
  you have slight preference of judging over perceiving ( 22 % ), 
  yeah . . i think i hade a game when i laned vs a heimer , rushing warmorgs then proceeding to pull out a froggen , going 12/0/10 and win . 
  fucking . . awesome ... 
  jelly . . so jelly, 
  fuck the police ? 
  definitely tryndamere , 
  before nerf i could get away with full ap rune page , or something like mr + hp regen for harder matchups . 
  i build ionians now to compensate for the loss of cdr , still rush 2dorans + kages , so runes can be still ap or mr suited to matchup ( no need for mpen since 9 mpen wont get you far especially if you dont build sorcs ), 
  then i go sheen to raba , or straight lichbane , or straight raba , finishing dfg at about midgame with 300ish ap . 
  that means abyssal is no longer core ( lichbane is needed for burst ) so ga is built a bit faster for defense . 
  a typical game when i dont get superfed goes ( mejais l0l ) like this :, 
  1st recall : 2 dorans ( + kages ), 
  2nd recall : kages , ionians ( sheen ), 
  3rd recall : sheen , large rod ( small rod . . uh forgot ), 
  4th recall : rabs, 
  5th : lichbane, 
  6th : ga, 
  no , fuck you very much . 
  triple pen + wota cleaver are raping everyone left and right !!!, 
  hue, 
  add rylais for a wither with 4 sec cd ? 
  aww yeah, 
  and the epic flash w zhonyas combo !!!, 
  im karthus bitches d : ddd ahhh so fun, 
  why ? 
  in other words . . punish, 
  counters irelia so hard its painful . 
  too bad he doesnt really snowball that hard,
