  go fuck yourself for perpetuating a joke that is long dead already, 
  except maybe taric, 
  why do you fuck them . . ? 
  sotd ie rengar does the same now . 
  anyone can rengar ult now ? 
  o : o, 
  well then i could jsut say , if you dont like my tone then downvote and move along . . l0l, 
  you arent going to change my behavior anyway . . 
  or completely blind, 
  teemo has a crush on trist afaik ? 
  eve dumped tf in joj issue 4 iirc, 
  yes , but the slow % also buffed so i think it will remain strong . 
  ( more slow , more autos with e = more dmg ), 
  hm , fair enough, 
  well with the 500 bonus ap he gets , and with like 5 seraph 1 dcap , hes still below the record so yeah he cant . 
  it was a nexus . 
  ye , the only thing i consider harder is smartcast + selfcast on udyr, 
  stupid punctuation . 
  number punctuation rules are different in my country and i forgot that :(, 
  my bad, 
  and some incredibly unnecessary waste of mana ^ ^, 
  just dont do it if you dont have blue buff . 
  personally i like a tear rush on him and leave w permanently on until its full . 
  thats my stlye though . 
  indeed . 
  league was a distraction for me too , from my everyday problems i had . 
  they got solved by talking with a psychologist , now lol is a hobby for me . 
  the method it got solved might be interesting if you look at the case . 
  so they didnt exactly tell me i was doing wrong things . 
  they didnt tell me to do other things . 
  my empathical skills were wrong and they told me this is a distraction because i see others ' actions wrong , in my case i though my parents are agressive because they are bad parents but they arent . 
  my parents are actually very great ^ ^ and so this was a method i could implement in my way of thinking and it made me think the right way , i think this should be done to op 's friend too . 
  ask him what he sees wrong in his life , and why . 
  as him how he wants to change it . 
  confront him with the truth , but dont accuse . 
  hope i helped, 
  do note that this sets back your build by 700g . 
  basically making you 700g less tankier . 
  guess you need other things if you are behind , or you must make up for the lack of tankiness by gonig deep on defensive mastery tree , and/or more defensive runes . 
  personally i `` spare '' the spirit stone , i mean i literally rush tear after machete , then proceed on normal build ( philo to sunfire ) . 
  although i like the `` suicide grenade '' build too ( tear to revolver to deathcap ) because amumu has sick ap ratios and he can be played as ap carry imo . 
  needs insane snowball though, 
  on a serious note , good advice . 
  when i gank with my ult i jsut walk up to people then ult first , then if they flash then i q them . 
  your method is only good if you can land coordinated burst ( which you must do , and most ppl over 1700 can ) but in 1300 elo when i gank i must do 70 % of the dmg , and only then will my laner move , lol ), 
  man you got ta try as amumu on dominion . 
  so fun, 
  or nocturne . 
  or sivir . 
  or anyone with a zhonyas, 
   no other character can fill a tear as fast . 
  maybe singed or ashe/nidalee , 
  machete to normal laning build . 
  just make sure you snowball on ganks . 
  you answered your own question . 
  you got banned , what the fuck you want , a pat in the back ? 
  dont you get it ? 
  you dont deserve it . . you got banned !, 
  nothing can satisfy a parent more if he/she sees his child become an adult ; this can mean a lot of things but mainly : take responsibility for everything you do . 
  since you asked us about what to do it looks like you are uncertain , meaning that you cant decide it yourself =  you arent ready to take responsibility = =  you arent an adult yet =  just go do what your parents say . 
  i 'm 26 and only recently happened that i dont need my parents or anyone to decide something ; it 's not a shame . 
  but before that it would not have possible to do something they disapprove . 
  now , that they see me as a parent they trust me to do things on my own , they have no `` right '' to dictate what i do and if i want they wont get involved . 
  when i was a child though , i had no right to question them because i didnt have anything to prove that i 'm an adult person and i can take the responsibility . 
  i did that by taking my own huge part in the things to do about the family ; basically i 'm working on the house at home while my parents are at work , and i 'm actively searching for work too , and planning to take part of the family 's payments too . 
  i want to pay for my internet you know . 
  thought garen poops on darius, 
  i wan na see how long can you survive in lane before building hexdrinker ... oh , and by the way 1400 gold and 0 armor , wan na see how it helps ... 
  that isnt . 
  abusing this mistake in a split second under very high stress on the other hand ... 
  try walking in shy 's shoes . 
  you will see how hard it is to just turn around and auto when you are so focused . . 
  really ? 
  i need to rewatch . 
  i thought it ended before hs recommitted, 
  if you can omit homeguard , maybe ... 
  junktheon anyone ? 
  i do, 
  not only smaller but it rotates when flying , harder to predict where it lands , so harder to dodge . 
  just a little bit though, 
  mabye if she would itemize vs renekton . . nah who am i kidding, 
  week 3 news : man with spear got hired as chief bread manufacturing manager, 
  you know , now that i think of it . . 
  i always wanted to be a bread manufacturing manager, 
  that would imply low elo ppl can never give good advices . 
  no thanks . 
  that is legit if we talk about champs but what about mentality/general game/misc topics ? 
  like , how you train yourself for ranked etc. 
  how is elo relevant in this case ? 
  aside form the obvious . . dont you think what you imply on your original comment is downright elitism ? 
  i go to summoenschool often and i give good insight and i dont really want my comments marked with a big yellow star saying `` low elo scrub '' . 
  even if my advice is good people will jsut ignore it . 
  thats what i dont want . 
  wow . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  then read your comment and think about how it is relevant . 
  then go fuck yourself again . 
  fair enough . 
  thanks for the insight, 
  i think you are just butthurt,
