  died at 17:30 with wirggles , spirit of the ancient golem , kindlegem and 2 daggers . 
  i think i need more damage, 
  fuuuuuck !!!, 
  died at 15:30 while baron had 800 hp !!, 
  i was without runes but i am sure this is the way to go . 
  my build was wriggles , spirit of the spectral wraith , glacial shroud and 2 daggers . 
  oh , i get it now . 
  what you say is that if i can upgrade either one i win back the gold i wasted on 2 rend-s, 
  looks like we got gambit vs. clg in the allstars match lol, 
  prepare to be bearded, 
  nida maybe , but not cait . 
  cait can use trap to bait you to the exact location where she fires q, 
  so you get mana but eat a peacemaker , not a good trade imo, 
  the single reason gp lost high level popularity ( as stated by darien ) is the rework of ninja tabi . . 
  so . . make it so that q doesnt get buttraped by it, 
  maybe just take it as a spell . 
  or lower the basevalues and make it true dmg :d, 
  ( shit yeah i would spam critplank ), 
  if only , the ult needs to have rng removed . 
  maybe all of the area should take dmg ? 
  lol its not even a question who would win . 
  deman and joe . 
  does that mean he can jump to enemy spawn ? 
  more like , rot in hell, 
  ingame level is around 12-13 , i maxed q and w both while having 1 pt in ult and 0-1 pt in e, 
  but still , if you move towards the trap your movment is predictable , which caitlyn can take advantage of, 
  all good . 
  i wish they would stop `` sucking our dicks '' with these posts though . 
   one thing we should never underestimate is how passionate european players are, 
  made me cringe . . 
  oh totally forgot cait q has a long-ass cast time in which you can juke it . 
  too much silver elo routine sorry :d ( used to buttrape sivirs with cait ), 
  your classmate is beautiful ... 
  what build u had exactly ? 
  iirc vman cried too when gf left him, 
  yes , wriggles procced for like 600 on blue, 
  do you do very early dragons/barons like gamerslegends and his famous 15 minute duo baron nunu ? 
  tl ; dr : you play 1k more gold for 20 more onhit damage and an active , and less mr , not worth, 
  this is only part of the problem . 
  i think the biggest issue with tribunal that even though it 's `` efficient '' , it does not do the job.i does not create a good environment to play in . 
  good players live in fear about when will they lose themselves , slip out something like `` dumb '' and get reported then banned . 
  it happened to me actually , and technically i deserved it . 
  but i dont want a system when the only thing i can do versus toxic behavior is to ignore it . 
  it sounds like `` if you are getting raped , just yell it real loud in public and people will punish the rapist '', 
  that doesnt heal it . 
  okay , nothing can , but we got tribunal for more than one year , how much the roxicity has decreased by percentage ? 
  i tell you what , i think it increased not that toxic players themselves can use threatening to report as a weapon . 
  just because someone tells you that you are a retard , you should not treat him as toxic behavior . 
  perhaps you arent a retard , but you offended him . 
  and he overreacted . 
  everyone does ... 
  seems to me that riot thinks that ban is a solution against every little offense . 
  in reality i think a minimum level of offense should be tolerated . 
  just like nobody turns their head on the metro when you step on someones foot and she yells `` watch your step asshole ! '', 
  yeah . . 2 week ban for using the word `` dumb '' . 
  pretty effective system, 
  that is the point !!!, 
  if you cant take offenses like `` wow you are bad '' then the solution is not to cry and tell riot . . probably you shouldnt play the game !!, 
  ( not cojoni , im speaking symbloically ), 
  people dont realize that after the eve rewrk they basically left q and e with added ad ration and a free nuke on ulti plus they reworked old ult to w+e . 
  triforce ghostblade still works but no one believes me , lol, 
  one of those mages who can flash ult to initiate fights even if his cc skillshot fails, 
  i meant the community judgment sense . 
  xerath was considered good on release , then quickly deemed shit tier for a long time , now hes decent again ( after he got some love at lcs ), 
  ut1 was the shit . 
  rampage !!!, 
  double kill !!!!!, 
  and the menu audio , the damage amplifier sound , everything was so perfect and intense , it was a whole new world of gaming experience and it was ' 99 , mind you ... before diablo 2 and aoe2, 
  i still have it installed , sometimes i go through the single player just for nostalgia . 
  i enjoy every bit . 
  someone up for a game ? 
  ehm how did you come to the conclusion that you should buy sunfire on brand ? 
  reminds me of the medieval ages witch problem, 
  can you explain how the the tribunal is working as intended ? 
  its worth shit , it is supposed to lessen the amount of toxic players where in reality it increased it . 
  i said can . . not should, 
  yeah have it all on dvd . 
  i 'm a 26 year old man, 
  ok so im the second , the french guy is the third . . we just have to find one more !, 
  yeah probably , but considering that ult doesnt really do damage now , ap eve now feels almost exactly the same as old eve . 
  and i dont really need the tankiness of a mundo for example , only like a tankinedd of a diana to be effective . 
  old ad build used to rush ga after friforce gunblade and it was enough . 
  nowadays its even better because the ult shield . 
  and triforce ghostblade is pretty good burst its just not dfg ult e then q you to death for like 5 sec , its just ghostblade ew then smack you in the groin for 5 sec . 
  what i mean is ap eve cant 100-0 anyone unless fed , so she needs some time after initial burst to spam q to death , which results in killing the target in roughly the same time as ap eve . 
  ad eve has strengths : she is not fucked by silence , not fucked by blind either , the damage is more guaranteed . 
  also clears jungle and pushes faster . 
  not to mention she scales better with flat ad early on, 
  i play since 2010 and since they introduced the tribunal , people started to rage more . 
  everywhere , but mostly in the lower regions . 
  its like the old rage plus now toxic players also threaten you with reporting . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and call bullshit on this one , sorry . 
  i have respect for you lyte , but you guys clearly not `` working on it '' right now . 
  i had the same problem as op with this one, 
  and all i got at support was a copypaste msg about honor wtf . 
  honestly will you ever actually agree something that is against the tribunal ? 
  idk , i think better rush armguard + belt which then later goes to rylais but the explanation is legit indeed . 
  why doesnt it ? 
  i mean everyone keeps telling me the same , so we all biased or what ? 
  versus ad poke randuins is better , isnt it ?
