  your video just made my day , thanks . 
  i would totally commentate it , not sure about the edit though , since i have no editing software and no knowledge at all . 
  what about duo q with two different champions of course , you recording and we both commentating on skype or something ? 
  but yes it 's so hilarious i 'm also willing to learn any free video editing software anyway lol . 
  agree . 
  now , what about the quantity ? 
  i play 7 days a week at least 12 games a day . 
  would it be . . a bit too much ? 
  i think not so many people would sho interest for a series of youtube clips playing the same champion . 
  i think it would be better to just stream it ... thats why i suggest to duo q because ... well . . if we both stream there is nothing connecting between . . and a duo q , both playing the same champions over and over . . now that is funny !, 
  ( in this case i 'd play eve please :d ), 
  hm well thought idea . 
  but in this case i step back , sorry . 
  i 've played too many eve games my 2week progression wouldnt be that much . 
  edit : still you can duo q with me if you want ( on euw ) , coz i dont rage and i tolerate any retarded pick/build ( i played ap mf in ranked lol ) also in case you pick eve ... i know how to play when an eve is on the team, 
  hmmm deal :d, 
  dat ww build, 
  evelynn 's taunt `` time to feeeeeeeeed '' and then dying to hidden oracles in bush :( happened more than once . 
  abuse the bush when he wants to q you . 
  btw i run ww toplane often , had no probs with vlads whatsoever , idk if they were just bad ... 
  except if you pool + + zhonya for 4 sec and your carries melt them in that duration lol, 
  and throwing out q-s , e-s in the meantime, 
  lol @kassadin 's cs, 
  the ingame model has 2 blades ... 
  dyrus once said i stream `` he must sin in a bush , waiting to combo someone '', 
  not ... 
  there was a ninjas vs pirates game with rivington commentating, 
  there is a pirate skin for rumble , fiddle and tristana, 
  bloodstone ? 
  i am the jungle, 
  ans instead of poison he vomits unknown half-eaten creatures !, 
  and the host is indeed very close to scumbag steve, 
  he will probably never read this . . lol, 
  whoa . 
  good guy protatomonster :d, 
  esepecially not for the reckless mages !!, 
  the edges of the logo should be more `` precise '' , maybe a chrome outline ? 
  also i think the blue should be deeper . 
  but overall great work, 
  i demand a valoran one !, 
  is that euw ? 
  also fuck every second gaynoobshit who goes ad kenen without even knowing the basics of ad . . 
  jungle malz better . 
  voidling tanks creeps , aoe dmg all over tha place , epic level 6 ganks, 
  rageface version would be more hilarious :d, 
  not, 
  a fucking support, 
  wow are you an autist or something ? 
  the smell ? 
  please please do more . 
  ( can it be my main ? 
  please ? 
  nothing out of the ordinary ... 
  stacking phantom dancers on irelia , coz i figured out w can crit . 
  aww this was cute , 
  wow i played 3k games without knowing this lol thx :d, 
  lichbane and byebye turrets, 
  bd ing in 0.2 sec like a boss !, 
  and spectral fids !, 
  i have a smurf named `` only eve '' ... figure it out, 
  i que doddge then , problem solved , 
  i play to win . 
  sometimes i jungle , sometimes i roam/counterjungle . 
  jungle build is standard fiddle/maokai ap caster page , masteries 0/21/9 , rushing wriggles-triforce-yoyo-ga-ie . 
  merc threads . 
  roam build is the same , except its 9/0/21 . 
  if we need ap i can go mejais-lichbane rabadons-voidstaff-ga . switch voidstaff or ga for rylais maybe . 
  the ad build kinda sux late game , adjust it to preference , maybe more defensive items , or tiamat , cuz you will be splitpushing all day after 40 min . 
  same with ap . 
  i do have a carry build though , its uder testing :, 
  manamune-triforce-rabadonsarchangels-frozen heart , defensive items adjustable regarding enemy team, 
  warwick so childish  i love the one where blood spills from his mouth xd, 
  swamp master kennen = yoda ? 
  but with the recent mastery change he can double his hp regen at level 1 with strength of spirit . . 
  nice items on taric , lol, 
  sarcasm - not for everyone, 
  yes.but i just keep clikcing on the enemy so its ok, 
  no , its op, 
  still , you didnt answer ... 
  nope , eve was my main , and will be after the rework . 
  yeah fucking high , 1050 atm, 
  what the fuck did i just read . 
  yup . 
  in this order :, 
  depending on enemy team you might want to swap ie to gunblade for extra cc , then get the lifesteal blade ( that active slows ) before ga, 
  did u play it true sorakabot style ? 
  i loved that one , 90 % enemy though im noob lol, 
  well, 
  add me, 
  lol, 
  who cares . . i expressed my opinion , there you go , do what you want with it , everybody ... 
  its like throwing messages in a bottle to the sea and then worrying who will pick them up ... why write the messages then ? 
  thats my point . 
  downvotes are downvotes , its a form of opinion , just like mine expressed in that 3-character reply . 
  freedom of speech really . 
  missing in action ... you saw tutorial ? 
  lol, 
  please . 
  also , skrillex/deadmau5/chemical brothers samples are epic, 
  oh , godd point .
