  to me the stug missions were much harder because either i sucked in the tanks that were required or i just didnt have any tanks required ( had to grind amx 1375 and later 1390 for lt-15 , had to grind is7 for ht , had to grind isu for td-15 etc. 
  funny though the arty missions were all piss easy with the s-51 and later on the su-14-2, 
  i heard it was for historical reasons , aka this was the gun the is4 used irl, 
  or , you know , just downvote . 
  [ i 'm not suffering ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v8otsbu.jpg ) , in fact i enjoyed so much i kept it even after eliting lol, 
  you can , in a corridor map :d, 
  why do you care ? 
  they act as sentry towers and at least they dont steal your precious dpg . 
  yup, 
  one thing for sure , the hungarian prem consumable will be p\u00e1linka, 
  not really . 
  russians are known for agressive plays and it pays out a lot , ( also backfires a lot ) , but at least they arent campers . 
  they swear a lot though . 
  polish are so bad they didnt fit in the picture ? 
  the only thing i was disappointed about is the serious lack of p\u00e1linka . 
  otherwise , good job , very faithful introduction of the city , 
  the fuck you expect ? 
  its a competition not run by wg so they gave it to the community for free and you are bitching ? 
  seconded , i 'm disappointed by the lack of specific, 
  i like how you made him younger, 
  liberty prime ? 
  i had it on a 200 mhz pentium 2 . 
  still killed 2000 + hours of my life, 
  words are very unnecessary . 
  ah , the good old days of quicksave , steal , quickload , repeat, 
  not sure how those would fit in with the tank crew . 
  p\u00e1linka is at least portable . 
  then again the japs have onigiri, 
  at least you live up to your username, 
  i just use the regular t ping then i type out aiming , its not like i have anything else to do during the several seconds of aiming anyways, 
  140 thousand ( i was the `` friend '' ), 
  more like merged into a great mess :d, 
  have you ever asked old people about marriage ? 
  about how do they love each other for so long time ? 
  what they say can be boiled down to one thing : the ability to look at the other like you saw him/her the first time when you fell in love . 
  it 's a strange mix of remembering and also the forcing of yourself to feel like like you felt when you first fell in love . 
  you can do this with games , it just takes a little practice . 
  i still get the chill in the spines when i hear `` looking for baal ? '', 
  or `` war , war never changes '' . 
  as an arty player , your tears are delicious . 
  it is really great and its very good that it has a theme but i think it should look more like the female vault resident . 
  i guess its too late now but it doesnt resemble the vault boy which is a pity, 
  pretty sure ... but not sure ? 
  is-4 tier 9 and so is the t34 , lol, 
  for the enemy team yes, 
  whatever you do , dont let your anger manifest . 
  best way to let it go is to live a long , happy and prosperous life and laugh in his/her cheating face later . 
  i 've only been cheated once , but it feels so good that i know i 'm better and more accomplished than her . 
  she 's still a bartender in who-knows-where hanging out with shady people and since we broke up i got a degree , and working on the second one . 
  of course it happened ages ago and we were young and shit , but it still feels good and that is how i can relate . 
  none , but i always take extra caution anyways . 
  anxiety has positive sides . 
  pitt ; and owb trumps everything in nv . 
  so much laugh, 
  nope you arent, 
  the interface looks fucking awful , with the single colours, 
  well videogames ( new vegas , diablo ii , lol and world of tanks ) fucked about 9 years of my life in various educational institutes so i think i win . 
  how about those with only a pc ... ? 
  ye but if he starts with those he wont reach fo3 before nov 10 lol, 
  yeah , i lost count of my fo2 playing hours after 2000ish and i only ever played 6 characters . 
  damn i want a lefh so badly . 
  is there anything else ? 
  implying you need it . . 
  or maybe just dont want to . 
   germans make the biggest part of europe 's playerbase, 
  i 'm pretty sure its the polish, 
  do you have data to back it up though ? 
  he is taller , bait him to go on you and overmatch his belly . 
  to be serious : besides i said it in the context in `` dominating tier 7s and below '' . 
  if i were in an is2 and i face an e75 i would sure as hell load heat obv . 
  i love you guys . 
  10/10 awesome hair, 
  i 'm interested in how the german soldier was able to write such beautiful letters , considering it was wartime in not-his-home country ... 
  i mean did he carry ink with him or something ? 
  not to mention the kv1s gun is way more accurate, 
  not really . 
  derp gun is very unreliable anyways . 
  especially in tier 7 battles where you cant do shit . 
  75mm all day . 
  at least i can spam apcr on that . 
  i 'd argue the kv1s as frontline , it has no armor to do that imo . 
  the soft stats on the kv1s are better thus in handles better = you can shoot more accurately . 
  perhaps my understanding of `` accuracy '' is different than yours . 
  dispersion is the same , yes . 
  all the other stats seem better on the kv1s though . 
  well the 122mm is not really the question here as the 85mm outperforms it on both tanks . 
  but yeah , we seem to be on the same page except you have a different understanding of dispersion . 
  whatever . 
  point is , kv1s  kv1 in terms of gun handling . 
  read below , its explained, 
  and if you happened to have more than 3 pups on the board . 
  its gg . 
  for example 4 pup , 1 dies -  other 3 makes 3x1 -  6 pup, 
  4 pup 2 dies -  other 2 makes 2x2 -  6 pup, 
   the better ~ ~ player ~ ~ deck wins in a close game . 
  splash , oneshot , and the `` kill one tank that is 1 tier higher '', 
  felt like han firing at stromtroopers, 
  yeah well i tired it with bert for a week then rebought my su-14-2 and did it on first try . 
  doable , but way harder . 
  try find lower tier tanks with usable armor and sidescrape or hulldown .
