  you are using words of heavier weight than you think . 
  thanks . 
  though i think i dont need to write out right now because , as you suggested i went to see a professional ( walked a good 2 hours but it was worth it ) and we talked a lot and she cleared some points , i feel much better but maybe when the shitty feeling starts to creep me again i 'll write . 
  you did a great favor to me , thanks again, 
  but chess is a sport too , so i dont see your point lol, 
  you are wrong, 
  fun . 
  pretty shit landing battle with this hectic team comp lol, 
  well it has tier 6 td pen with good alpha , good camo to boot . 
  that elc is not a td is like saying the amx 40 is not a heavy . 
  hehe , on the x5 weekend i got an ace tanker on my double with 6 kills and 7k potential damage taken . 
  lets just say it all went downhill form there :d, 
  sadly my old screenshot folder is gone because i was too dumb to backup when i reinstalled . . in that game i had a steel wall and i think a spartan, 
  maybe you shoulda took a peek at the fucking score card it showed many other tanks still alive . 
  ignorant shit . 
  no problem , faggot . 
  jsut a friendly bashing , 
  no it wasnt . 
  yeah, 
  pretty much, 
  fuck you wgna , thats all . 
  - sincerely , jelly eu players . 
   horrible low tier tanks, 
  the chi-he is a t-28 with same firepower , much better gun depression and surprisingly good armor . 
  in my humble opinion is a broken op tank , but maybe the better players know better . . 
  obviously the japanese are the least popular since they are the newest nation . 
  with no op tanks to boot . 
  yeah that i can agree with . 
  the tier 4 and the tier 7 has same armor which means they have different playstyles , 
  meofcourse is a member of rddt3 already , and he is an arty magician . 
  just look at his [ stats ] ( http://www.noobmeter.com/player/eu/meofcourse/503778005/ ) . . amazing ( if you take into account he plays only arty . . ) so i would recommend asking him if he wants to `` coach '' arty players . 
  he knows how to play arty . 
  thats all . 
  i have a tier 9 arty as well but i dont know jack shit about how to play it so he could still provide general tips ? 
  which he did , to me at least . 
  hah , no , i exaggerated a bit . 
  and i also played other tanks ... 
  you can hear text ? 
  all of us are :d, 
   something almost ambient classical but deep, 
  pretty much , although not instrumental . 
  something like this :, 
  [ secede - leraine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fwf7onmnwe ), 
  [ burial - archangel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqiq_muekhk ), 
  by the way , it was blitz , and i was winning when the pic was taken but lost . . not a surprise if you look at my opponent, 
  it was taken in 2009 ( pretty much look the same now and there arent any more recent photos ) in a simul event where 4 people got to play a blitz game too with judit . 
  and oh my god that stuff you linked . . must research further . 
  they are amazing . 
  no , i got randomly selected . 
  the `` tickets '' were given to us by the federation iirc . 
  i dont have a blitz rating , because i only played classical chess competitively , and on that you have to do some paperwork to get elo so i didnt really bother . 
  just went off to spam blitz games on the internet . 
  in real life my biggest achievement would be to place 4th in a local blitz tourney amongst some ~ 2k players , but after that i had mental/concentration issues and my rating floats around 1300 now . 
  yup , confirmation bias is a bitch . 
  thats because you cant quit after a 3-4 loss streak . 
  its a 85mm , which only sees tier 6 max and it has insane he ammo . 
  2-shotting hellcats in 4 sec is so satisfying , as well as 1shot any tier 3 tank or t4 light/td , sometimes t5 tds like flakbus . 
  armor is decent for a td , think of it like a stug with kv1 gun . 
  the only drawback for me is the wiewrange . 
  for the superstructure yes . 
  front plate is the same, 
  i bounced t49 's and i bounced from the su85 in my t49 . 
  same in pz 4h . 
  you forgot the fact that the shells lose pen over distance , sherlock . 
  sigh . 
  i wish i could hit the screenshot . 
  i checked it because it was one of my first games in su85i and wanted to know about what kind of armor it has . 
  it hit my upper front . 
  but i guess at this point you are so full of ignorance that you wouldnt respect me enough to believe it . 
  and others wont even bother to read shittalk . 
  it 's the deathstar ii . 
  from the `` return of the jedi '' :d, 
  as a sw junkie , this is a well known fact :d, 
  this is still not grounds for you to assume im wrong right off the bat . 
  of course i buttrape every single su85i i meet in my t49 . 
  it just happened a few times that i bounced from very far and unfortunate angles . 
  thats all . 
  i did not state anything about the reliability of the armor or the thickness of it . 
  is it not common ? 
  to first take my words as they are then think about the `` intent behind it '' ? 
  because , in this case , there wasnt any intent . 
  erm , na or eu ? 
  kind of sad that the consensus that my wte100 is viable for cw or not determines my abilty to join a clan , but if that is the requirement , that is the requirement . 
  brb grinding t62a and is7 . 
  see you in a few weeks . 
  when you have 10 % daily winrate but `` must do doubles '', 
  yeah , i shoulda thought about that in the first place , i just didnt have any insight to clan life before that , or , to be more precise , had false insight because i was in rddt3 and we were like a community that toon together and i thought that even though rddt goes serious cw their `` teamspirit '' is based on the community it has - not just the mutual trust in teammates competence . 
  disagree on e25 , haveing a good crew in it seems like having better effect than on most other prem tanks . 
  i have an 580 % crew in mine and i average 35-55k per game with prem account , possibly due to playing an active scout role while maintaining 1.5-2 .5 k dmg per game, 
  or might be because of the experience in it after 1400 games . 
  in that case i would say its skill based . 
  but for me it is my second most income tank , after the jt88 . 
  ( i have kv5 , is6 , spershing , tog and more on lower tiers ), 
  but mainly because many people use gold imo . 
  i had a wte100 and the biggest problem i had in it , was if i went inside penetration range ( you cant pen a maus from 400m with the jagdtigers gun ) i got spotted . 
  so i just spammed gold in it , to be able to shoot people unspotted ( because a spotted waffle is a dead waffle ), 
  i dont know , he doesnt seem right . . and after about 6-8 playthrough i didnt experience a mob i couldnt headshot . . maybe some heavily armored ones with subpar guns . 
  but that might be a dt issue, 
   easily the most toxic community , on par with league of legends . 
  after 15k games in both titles i cant do anything else but agree . .
