  this is mostly for convenience ( like you dont have to use a physical cd to boot ) but easily exploited . 
   pretty big percentage of the population that actually spends money on music . 
   ios app, 
  u sure ? 
  these are awesome !, 
  my advice : when you audibly complain about your teammates , it might be time to take a break . 
  it 's not good for you to go into a battle already frustrated . 
  repost - but i dont give a fuck . 
  people need to learn and this is a very useful thing to learn about, 
  thats why you disable pings, 
  i think the his appeal comes from the fact that even though he is a good player , he complains and whines like a delusional one . 
  whether it is intentional or not , it comes off as him being able to control himself which is a generally eppealing factor , at least from an evolutional standpoint, 
  well , good as in . . better than most of the playerbase, 
  i wanted to say `` better than 99 % of the playerbase '' but then i thought people will pick a quarrel with the exact number , i guess i can never be right huh, 
  you really sound biased to me, 
  you have your opinion and act like it 's the standard . 
  whether or not he is a bad player or not , doesnt matter in this context . 
  i mentioned it to empasize how useful it is , so i do n't see your point . 
  do n't know the exact numbers , 
  not sure about honesty . 
  he complains a lot about his teammates right after he made a terrible mistake . 
  it doesnt ' t even matter if it is the standard . 
  it 's narcissistic to think only you can be right ... even if you are, 
  dude . 
  stop . 
  again , you are implying that in an argument only one side is right and the others are wrong . 
  this is not the case a surprisingly high number of times . 
  like the above case . 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong . 
  and maybe you are just so annyoning people just stop putting in the effort to convince you . 
  yes , the points you made are facts , but since being good is not an exact measurable thing , they do not `` prove '' he is bad . 
  therefore the opinion that he is not good , is an opinion , not a fact . 
  everyone makes mistakes , then no one is good ? 
  just what your definition of good is ? 
  if you ever need just one comment for others to show you why are you biased , this is it :d, 
  i already knew that, 
  this argument makes no sense , if he wants to win the whole thing , he would have to defeat everyone, 
  if svilder etc. 
  would be in the other half he would have to get through him anyways . 
  just much later . 
  i dont see your point, 
  i see your point now , but since its knockout , i dont think having to beat 3 strong players is more difficult than having to beat only the best of them . 
  i mean , if aronian loses to someone , that guy has to be a very good player too , right ? 
  what i 'm saying is that the further we progress in this thournament , one sided matchups are rarer and rarer ; essentially yes he doesnt have to go through aronian / mvl , but he has to go through only very slightly worse players, 
  finally a minori post , 
  it 's a fence though, 
  plane tickets are very cheap if you book them way before the flight . 
  you only have to go from the airport to the gaudi square after that , it might be more than the airplane ticket depending on how cheap you got it . 
  for a room , you can use couchsurfing . 
  it is probably cheaper than you can imagine, 
  oh , and barcelona is cheaper than most people presume it to be, 
  is this a fanart ? 
  i thought it 's an original, 
  that 's what she said, 
  coat of arms ? 
  listen closely ... 
  tank kayle is pretty useless tho lol, 
  it 's very good on eve for the passive but pretty useless for the mana so you basically waste 750g for the tear . 
  i sometimes buy it . 
  when i 'm powerspiking ( sheen + revolver ) earlier than usual, 
  4/20 ww never forgetti, 
  sotel teemo was cancer, 
  shh that is my dirty secret, 
  it looks like they are slightly older . 
  but then the uniform would n't make sense, 
  she really does look awful , yes , but not in the current splash :d, 
  and yasuo is for evreyone else, 
  yes it is, 
  where the fuck did you find that , and who is the author ? 
   playing her when behind feels so shit . 
  wel , , the one with the stun , that is . 
  current eve is at least the 3rd iteration anyways, 
  oh boy :d you were missing out . 
  she could build ap and oneshot people during the stun . 
  literally no counterplay ( except a pink ward ) . 
  morelike mother nature was rough on you amirite, 
  meh i dunno , i dont look at her model much . 
  i have bad sight anyways . 
  i 'm usually fixated on my prey . 
  maybe if she looksed really well i would be distracted from the killing in-game . 
  i kinda looked her old walk animation , i thought it suited her better as it really looked like she walked on heels . 
  ayyyy, 
  good bot, 
  what the fuck is up with her face ? 
  source code probably ? 
  taliyah is not ugly , she 's just . . childish, 
  eh , i think they are fitting, 
  from what i gathered :, 
  q looks nearly the same, 
  she has some sort of a different form with more movespeed . 
  a mashup between old w and current w ? 
  she has a charm, 
  and the ult looks like it can be used different ways , and it looks like a huge diana passive auto `` cleave '' move . 
  new voice ( that i will probably hate for 3 months or so ), 
  bad bot, 
  take it as an opportunity to improve , and move on . 
  in your next job just pay a bit more attention to small things like this . 
  sarah kerrigan eve . 
  fits the reworked aesthetics as well, 
  me neither .
