  holy crap , just finished a game recently when i did the same , i was thinking somebody else submitted my game :d good job !, 
  ( my items were banshee + mercs + rabadon + a 20-stacked mejai :d ), 
  i can see its important on shaco who tends to roam more , but let me point out here that other junglers may not benefit having the increased buff duration more than going 21 offense . 
  for example i 'd totally run 21 offense on trynda , yi , lee sin , etc. 
  graves what i 'm playing :d, 
  twitch laugh :d, 
  fuck , why do you always come up with ideas i want to instabuy ? 
  endless rage : how dare you to wear sandals with socks wtffffffffff !!!!!!!!, 
  ! 444444fourfour, 
  i tried varius routes optimizing gank potential . 
  came to conclusion :, 
  0/15/15 or 0/21/9 ( i tend to do this since i build eve as a lategame offtank ), 
  cloth +5 pot , if 0/15/15 then 6 pot, 
  blue + wolf + wraith + red --  gank mid with 70 % hp and doublebuff, 
  oh and flash smite . 
  tested surge but problem is , you gon na need it on ganks , not jungle and lategame it 's useless imo ( since you can buy the ap and as instead ) and basically as on eve early doesnt give too much jungle dmg . 
  runes i use 6 red arpen , 3 red armor , yellows armor , other is flat ap . 
  gives 19 ap , maybe i need 20 to get 8 bonus dmg on hatespike , i 'll test it . 
  actually just finished a 0 * 21 * 9 game in ranked , ( went 12-4 lol ) the point is , you dont need a full clear to gank , i did ble + wolf + wraith + red and then ganking at about 65-70 % hp . 
  needs a bit of micro , smiting at the exact moment etc. 
  but very rewarding to dualbuff gank mid . 
  i got a good leash zho , by the botlane taric . 
  i guess its working in duo q perfectly then, 
  new masteries giving too much np/mana regen , after 2 ganks and no pots i just want back to wraiths lol i had too much hp :d, 
  why do kata need lifesteal ? 
  always wondered ... 
  i 'd think its a waste on her , combined with the nerf and the active costing too hing it 's almost a no-no i think . 
  although i 'm just a theory crafter . 
   players complaining about another players ' mistakes , causing them to get into a chain-cycle, 
  this . 
  dont you dare to go ranked immediately at level 30 !!!, 
  at least 200 normal wins or gtfo , seriously . 
  uh sorry no offense intended :d, 
  but then you cant ward the 2 small brushes near your lane , for skillshots and to avoid free damage . 
  no ... no . 
  atleast 3 ward at start !, 
  even on akali im urging to try out woa + bt instead lol, 
  well honestly that was my feeling too , after like 4 games i just got used to it np . 
  pretty easy really, 
  owned, 
  make my main playable !, 
  well its playable , i mean , make it so my teammates wont rage when i pick it lol, 
  corki is `` mounting '' a plane :d, 
  ! 44444fourfour, 
  please please do this . 
  they already anounced the eve + twitch rework and then they would get a legendary skin as well ... o.o, 
  evelynn the ultimate inhibitor threat . 
  sneaks up invisible , ulti , yoyos , bam bam bam and the stealth again :d, 
  upvote from a christian/agnostic :d, 
  top : hotshotgg ( people forget how he can beat even wickd in top lane ... ), 
  jungle : dyrus, 
  nice , and nothing offensive but you forgot elixirs ? 
  not working for me ... 
  yeah true :d, 
  i think they will replace it with something and the dodge runes will be other runes anyway , so maybe its ok keeping them ? 
  dude , hsgg is a farmzombie lol, 
  evelyn !!!!!, 
  and please record the rage too :d, 
  im going to * burn * in hell for this , but . . * warm * welcome from hungary !, 
  pick twitch . 
  you can go solotop , mid , jungle , ad and if they need a support just buyy gp5 items , harass a bit , roam a bit . 
  easy, 
  lot of echo  . <, 
  haha you got the point :d, 
  who doesnt , get me one please :d, 
  what is rng ? 
  lol, 
  but there is tenacity ... 
  thx . 
  thx . 
  it does , indirectly , because the purpose of hard cc to land some spell/aa dmg to the victim . 
  redicing stun duration can make you dodge one more xerath ulti for example . 
  because this way you maybe can get out of caitlyns range for example , it '' mitigates '' phgysical damage too . . 
  i think its even more op than dodge . 
  nice idea . 
  being good on the internet :(, 
  . . hope it will work , 
  when i had 10 rune pages the 10 mastery page was not enough :( now i have 17 :(, 
  upvoted for upvoteception !, 
   these champions have some fantastic new skins in development that we 'll be releasing in the near future . 
   kingpin twitch, 
  once i was runnung with eve from a riven and a talon , they had oracles . 
  i had like 100 hp . 
  then karthus ults . 
  0.5 sec before channel ends my banshee recharges , and i level up because i was at mid with minions fighting . 
  then riven ults and i survive with 9 hp . . then my ulti came off cooldown so i could get away :d, 
  yess !!!, 
  ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww ... 
  lol @reginald feeding, 
  use adblock , problem solved . 
  fuck the system . 
  why do i have upvotes lol, 
  there you go :d, 
  omg thanks for sharing, 
  when i will be # 1 on ladder i will be much more kind than him :d, 
  strange , i get 3 % , though i only tried it on malzahar , evelynn , gangplank , vladimir and tristana . 
  reminds me of [ the last unicorn ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjobh8cmjk4 ), 
  no offense , but username related, 
  gibe money please, 
  i 'm pretty sure orianna 's shield is bigger , if only a little bit .
