  because we have stuns and we dont use mana , 
  too big boobs !!, 
  just kidding xd, 
  sick, 
  ad carry taric , even better, 
  edit : no , seriously , try it , preferably in ranked , it stomps . 
  i 'd call him the op support :d, 
  you were level 5 at the 15th minute ? 
  shaco, 
  yep but she doesnt need blue really , i mean even if shes the only mana user in team ... dont really worth it to give it to her , maybe early reds ... 
  just like ap yi does tha same damage to 4 units while being untargetable , and medit + ulti ... yet still sux . 
  nope . 
  ap ww is shit, 
  ok , thx for the clarification, 
  well if i chain lock her , tenacity doesnt really matter lol, 
  me too , my rankeds are going like this : i pick shaco , i get firstblood , enemy team rages , go godlike , enemy team wants to report me , my team wants to report me for ks , they surrender , i get banned from tribunal xd, 
  malz , sion, 
  i used to run manamune triforce banshee on sivir until i realized that it does no damage late game lol . 
  better just follow chaox : ie , pd , qss , lw , bt, 
  ap ww is basically evelynn without q , w and r. 
  exactly . 
  i play mainly soloq so if i pick anythink else than kass/morg/brand / cassio mid i get rage , so on the rare occasions my team trusts me i definitely pick sivir mid . 
  same with against karthus i pick soraka . 
  they should , but then remove the true vision and make them buy wards, 
  educate your children . 
  and dont give a shit about the others . 
  more like 2 for kill , 1 for assist and you lose as many points on death you gave to the enemy . 
  that means if 5 man ganks you you lose 6 . if 2 man gank you lose 3 . 
  this way the team total will be the exact opposite of the enemy team total, 
  someone is playing annie :d, 
  why do you want to spell vamp 25 % of the 40 % of their attack damage , thats a bigger question . 
  its like having 2 more armor lol . 
  forget it . 
  fuck , so many free nasii here and i miss all of them lol . 
  maybe next time . 
  generous people of reddit , y u no wait me to log in ? 
  just kidding , nice of you anyway , kthxbai, 
  hooooly shitttttttt why did i never thought of this . 
  epicly brilliant, 
  qqqqqqqqqqqq dead, 
  nope lol , gp q is very spammable and nasus dont have the early sustain, 
  well , since alpha strike is not a dot it cant really be used in 1v1 so if you meet an enemy jungler you could be in trouble . 
  i like to steal buffs however , i take tp + smite and i ward enemy jungle , 
  i also like to tell bot to ward so i can ninja gank from bush with tele :d, 
  i like to push one lane , then , when i see everyone trying to get me at bot , i tp top and mow down another tower :d, 
  / ignore all . . you wont get banned in tribunal if you dont talk shit . 
  raise morale actually dealt 1000 true damage to an allied minion , meaning that you could actually spell vamp with it ( once a long a go i tried ap playnk in aram ), 
  jungle evelynn was ridiculously op once , because of her passive was meant to half the damage from jungle minions too . 
  play titty female champs , preferably with sexiest skins ( mafia mf < 3 ) then watch the enemy stare at your e-boobs :d, 
  no really , im a man but tried it , works someitimes in fun normals . 
  you can use teleport on tibbers . 
  ( funny to deny a kill from annie chasing down someone with tibbers , the tp makes the bear stop ), 
  i thought rageblade gunblade triforce is a good build on him ? 
  i guess its not anymore ? 
  someone inform me about the ideal jax build plox , im confused . . o.o, 
  hell yeah five phantom annie, 
  people like you make me lose my games when i go 12/0 with eve, 
  once i got a dc with level 1 soraka under our tower . 
  i had to reset my computer . 
  when i came back , i had 2-0 and a double buff ... i was like wtf ? 
  i somehow get you now . 
  if i can play eve that means i can play all champs wel . . might as well choose another champ with more potential right ? 
  well . . 
  i have been introduced to better level play by being stomped by eves ... and ... 
  i 'm a man . . and evelynn 's a girl ... its more funnier right ? 
  cool story bro, 
  memorized every oracle/ward/tower range , and staying just outside of range i flash in with eve . . `` omg eve haxx0r , report '' you would be surprised how many `` black spots '' are on sr from where you can easily flash in to towerdive . . :d, 
  this is my second :d once i failed hard though , coz just q 'd into amumu with sunfire with 20 hp :d, 
  i guess he counters trynd real hard ... 
  this . 
  imagine nasus rage ... 
  what do you think about the new `` 3dorans + wriggles + pd '' meta on ad carries ? 
  i ' v been working on ideas for a jungle mundo for myself , and your guide just made me sure its justfified , thanks for that . 
  however i do n't uderstand some things . . 
  why wit 's end ? 
  is that item so cost effective that you dont really have to care about the +42 magic dmg ? 
  i mean the items and e are all ad which means you wont benefit from wits as much as a warwick does , for example . 
  why go ie when you will have so low critical chance even end game ? 
  i mean is n't it only viable when paired with at least 50-70 % crit chance ? 
  also , have you considered starks ( instead of wits end ) and/or yommuus ? 
  also exhaust has a lower range than q , maybe ghost sometimes better for chasing ? 
  damn i have to try it myself i know , but just wondered maybe if you tried it already and disproved . 
  one more question : do you think the mpen/spellvamp rylais mundo is viable ? 
  maybe even in jungle ? 
  you forgot 6 ) not playing blind pick and 7 ) not playing blind pick, 
  i voted for evelynn because ... you know . 
  oh and if you will do it , can you please add me ? 
  well if you cant dodge pokes with galio , thats your problem ... just flash ulti to them when you have banshee up ... so easy lol, 
  chess . 
  i used to be a competitive chess player , made my insight to the game a lot better . 
  both games i mean . 
  chess and lol has so many similarities you would n't even imagine . 
  what i like to do is : before my ranked session i play 5-10 5minute games on the internet to check my level of concetration ( i play on chess.com ) , and then act accordingly . 
  also after i lose a ranked game , i take a break and go back to chess for a while . 
  but even in overall life , chess works wonders in terms of keeping concentration and strategical/logical/tactical thinking . 
  since you do physical damage with your autoattacks as boosts your physical damage output , and the 42 magic damage is just . . hangs out there doesnt comboes with anything like ww ult or teemo e. 
  wow so long text and all woth it , thanks for the read . 
  makes me want to play mundo all day , 
  long ago he was my `` main '' but that was back then when cassio wasnt even in the game ... 
  i 'd die to play with you , it seems like another world  ( is there a possibility , maybe ? ),
