  you could look at it as some sort of hommage instead, 
  i mean like safecracker eve = catwoman , masquerade eve is from vapire : the masquerade cmon . . it was obvious, 
  yyyeah but league is not a medieval realistic game, 
  pls dont rework my favourite ~ ~ ap carry ~ ~ ~ ~ assasin ~ ~ erm uh . . just buff it plox, 
  i dunno lux with the quotes looks sciencey to me . . kinda . 
  then again she is a mage according to lore, 
  i think he jsut overexaggerated due to begin emotionally involved , or to make a point, 
  also shaco = joker, 
  what i mean is that all of you argue for nothing because in the end league is a fantasy game with its own history , culture , and rules . 
  for all we know the gravity might not be the same as in earth etc. 
  the windowmaker, 
  also an other option that he is just a kid who doestnt know better . 
  from plat ? 
  my account which i didnt play , was gold 1 and decayed to bronze5, 
  edit : my other account , jesus fuck, 
  well it got permabanned, 
  for you, 
  you mean upvote ? 
  no problem on eune evelynn club yet  perks of playing a less popular champ i guess, 
  haha , smooth, 
  hull looks like british . . 
  punnany sounded indie at the start . . idk, 
  from my very limited insight to prison i assume a lot of violence inside prisons happen in the shower because there are no cameras . 
  is that true ? 
  and if not , why ? 
  i 'd argue his hits `` hit '' harder though, 
  a totally unrelated note about korchnoi :, 
  in the argentinan team chess olympics in 1978 , the hungarians played with the yugoslavs for the first place . 
  we ( hungarians ) were one point behind the soviets but they 2-2 'd their last round and we 3-1 'd the yugos . 
  so , same points at the end but we would win by tiebreaker system where they count the opponents ' points . 
  when all the scores are settled we thought we won . . but not all the games were over . 
  the us was half a point behind us , and they already ended matches on 3 board . . 3 victory . 
  they played with switzerland . 
  the only remaining board was the first board . . and viktor fucking korchnoi played on the swiss first board . 
  there was a solid 15 minutes where every single team member and staff form the yugoslav , the soviet , the hungarian and the us team was looking around the board holding their breath , because if korcnhoi loses , the us is world champion . 
  if he ties , there is a three way tie , and if he wins the hungarians are world champions . 
  [ he won ] ( http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1082478 ) . 
  the moment kavalek shaked hands , as bilek writes in his book ( and told me in person ) , some of the hungarians cried  soviets won every olympics for about 20 years before that . 
  ahah its the opposite when i am playing the yi , , everyone is feeding but i 'm usually 100 cs up , all lanes are pushed and my tp is up , 
  kotakuinaction , i think . 
  similar to tumblrinaction in spirit, 
  as my mom used to say `` he is my boyfriend and my husband . '', 
  or their dik, 
  fuck that , how do you get gold ? 
  ppl like skarner , eve , can punish you so hard for not being able to kite lol . 
  not to mention enemy adcs . . 
  i have a friend who is adc main , his smurf is in gold we duo a lot , and every time he wins lane with 14 + kills due to enemy adc not knowing what to do . 
  and his mmr is around plat 2-3 ... 
  bullshit , every ranged champ needs orbwalking . 
  actually i learned it on malz ( was a pain in the ass ), 
  no mate stop the shitposting , rageblade is piss poor on eve cause she cant make use of the full attackspeed all the time, 
  with nothing but a devourer and maybe a wits end . 
  god i miss 4.20 weedwick almost as i miss season 1 evelynn , 
  her old ulti was her w with a passive that heals about 300 ish on kills or assists . 
  her old w as like twitch stealth , except at rank 5 it lasted sixty fucking seconds and stunned for 1.5 upon breaking stealth . 
  it was just as broken as it sounds . 
  oneshotting tanks all day everyday , from stealth , with literally zero counterplay, 
  more text doesnt make you clever . 
  yi has insane movespeed and eve doesnt . 
  end of story . 
  yeah except yi ult lasts longer , it refreshes , and he has a much better autoattack animation . 
  also yi builds more movement items ( such as ghostblade ), 
  yeah and then she is ap and not as/onhit which would have been the point of rageblade , isnt it ? 
  yeah , well then i could say if you have 30 kills and the team comp i could go ad carry eve with crit maxing and then claim it works . 
  point is , viablity is defined differently by you and me it looks like . 
  you build rageblade as a core item you will lose . 
  it only `` works '' when you are so ahead everything works . 
  i mean im only gold 2 and i won games with adc morgana does that mean adc morgana works ? 
  `` this photo is not very flattering '' to me you look best on that photo my a large margin . 
  i 'd give that one 8/10 while the rest 6 . 
  makeup doesnt seem to be your strong side . 
  oh right , but then ie is good , isnt it ? 
  it gives more damage after all ... 
  lol and rageblade is not aa reliant ? 
  fuck me , i thought its for aa based builds , lmao, 
  geez okay build rageblade then . . see how high you climb , 
  i just cant stand people spreading bias . 
  i dont hate any person, 
  but less than any champ with a heal and relich shield, 
  for you, 
  sadly, 
  yeah well by that logic nothing ever should be punished . 
  because he just `` liked '' to destroy peoples houses . 
  i can not offer a lot of insight abotu what you should do , or how should you feel , so i 'm just offering a [ free internet hug ] ( http://assets.enjin.com/wall_embed_images/pic_full/1385804392_virtualhug.png ) . 
  stay strong , 
  you monster . 
  model/stats : karthus, 
  q : karthus, 
  r : karthus, 
  , trynda ult is better than kayle for that, 
  zilean e is the slow , you might want the w instead ? 
  mega marksman is more like this :, 
  passive : tristana, 
  q : tristana, 
  surely hecarim would be a better choice then ? 
  that looks more like a 76 mm gun to me , but i 'm no expert, 
  isnt that an 57 . . ? 
  well , til . 
  thanks for everyone for the replies, 
  why do everyones first thougth it sexual harassment if we are talking about a man and a woman in a house together ?
