  as a temporary item until lw perhaps . 
  very situational as you lose gold when selling it for lw . 
  better just rush bt after double dorans then get lw, 
  no , i mean what on earth makes you change your name too, 
  i smell op butthurt over a loss, 
  gtfo , this is not / lolcirclejerk lol, 
  this is actually a new and unique idea , i like it . 
  the guy who thinks he knows everything `` no no no not eve she sucks '', 
  true . 
  i dont really see everything he can play ( was aware about akali tho ) and i dont really care , just wanted to make a point . 
  perhaps he is another jackinthetrades like dyrus, 
  `` eat bananas you monkeys !!!, 
  ! 444four '', 
  fuck that sounded like [ / r/circlejerk ] ( / r/circlejerk ), 
  mf and trist reduces healing , caitlyn and kog and trist outrange her , kennen stunlocks . . they have ways . 
  with your logic , nerf mf 's w because atm no on can trade with her ? 
  that is not fucking enough , i want my 70 elo back, 
  wait , i dont understand . 
  both xerath , viktor and blitz have legs . . 
  and kerrigan morgana , yoda kennen , jedi yi , solid snake akali , pop katarina , c&c lux , warhammer40k poppy ... 
  `` please dont '' is the single worst thing you can say to a troll ... do n't negotiate with terrorists !, 
  soo your love costs 1500 ip ? 
  pretty cheap . 
  mine too lol . . easy man :d, 
  nothing !, 
  probably , im b4d 4t 3ngl1sh, 
  the imperial one & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  iswydt, 
  hm . . first thing it came to my mind is red alert . 
  my bad lol, 
  next time try ad glasscanon garen, 
  ( bt bt lw ie pd ), 
  besides eve hm . . 
  twitch, 
  you are not my captain ... 
  fuck , i have to upvote you ... damn, 
  holy shock + foh pala ftw, 
  new champ kinda kills this mode :d, 
  can someone elaborate on what xbox has to do with it - . -, 
  erm can i ask what elo range ? 
  yes , sorry , i think it makes sense now looking at the title of the thread , i just had some problems translating some words so i misunderstood it :d, 
  i wasnt meant it 100 % serious :d, 
  no really , even good base-dmg but 0 cc champs are good there . 
  once my team got wrecked by a katarina : s, 
  this is not / r/leagueofmemes , gtfo, 
  strange , i always pictured graves as australian ... 
  politeness fades after the first couple dozens of post like this . . and there is a sidebar on the right with link to it . . no to mention the text at the top in the yellow box when you post a link , which says memes will be removed . . so yeah, 
  that was my problem with eve . . fortunately there were `` better champions '' so eventually i got better with , say , warwick as an assasin . 
  still , the feeling that `` i could have won this game with eve '' never fades . 
  i 'll just refrain myself from opening that link , got enough when i clicked on / r/spacedicks , my mistake , that was, 
  i apologize for any harm caused . 
  i have the same attitude as yours , meaning i didnt mean to be rude when i said gtfo . 
  it 's more like a joking manner for me . 
  i see myself civilized , and i do n't take so much difference between irl firends and people of the internet , i love them all , 
  that said , i have to rethink my posting manner . 
  this just causes to much shitstorm . 
  any ideas ? 
  ranked queue is disabled for me . . 
  strange , i didnt get loss forgiven last game . 
  ignite on supports ... teleport on junglers for ganks and bd ( hell yeah i play a lot of tryn and yi ), 
  you ca n't go wrong with gold per 10 . 
  works on all champs !, 
  ok , you bought a revolver and a wota on a morgana . . sweet . 
  by now the enemy brand has a deathcap . 
  he just dodges q , stunlockinstagibs you and spams / l over your dead body . 
  probably not against clg though ... 
  man , i carried ( 17-5 ) a game as ad galio ... so it 's op then ? 
  you 're welcome :d, 
  by woosh he means he was sarcastic and you misunderstood it , as it is obvious that it is the legit email adress . 
  more like , who doesnt ? 
  dude , you just countered yourself, 
  is it true that different elo different runepages are better ? 
  ( for the same champion ) . 
  every time i see someone playing with him he owns , dunks , pentakills . 
  but every time hes free my iq drops below 70 ... 
  she also says `` i maybe bad . . but i feeeeel goooood '' , 
  but seriosly i love op 's line . 
  `` time to feeeed '', 
  * runs into pink ward *, 
  first blood !, 
  i always wondered that with the change of elo the playing behavior changes . 
  for example you can get away without having any magic resist runes on a mid ap on the ~ 1400 elo range , but on higher elo mres blues are somewhat essential . 
  also armor yellows on the ad carry is considered a must afaik . 
  just wanted to know if someone who is playing consistently can shed some light on the topic . 
  and my favourite malzahar . 
  aoe clears fast , has nice ulti ( like skarner ) and voidling cank tank minions early if you care . 
  you can also build him ad for the lulz ( voidling scaled with ad and armorpen and it gets sick steroids ), 
  exactly . 
  i 'd rather play out 20 minutes and lose than to have the feeling that i did n't even try to win . 
  it 's bad attitude . 
  fuck this . 
  never playing support udyr again, 
  once i won a ranked with an eve twitch team ... 
  i got [ proof ] ( http://www.own3d.tv/video/337274/chaox_s_ahri_-_first_impressions ), 
  mf sona . 
  sona ults are a great thing to set up mf ults . 
  be it ap or ad ... once i won i think 5 games in a row as ap mf bot just because my duo q partner was sona . 
  also , ( ap ) soraka vlad . 
  soraka 's shred makes vlad be unnecessary to get abyssal or any magic pen ( so that her can buy more thing with the gold not spent on abyssal , like qss or something ) . 
  they both rush wota so it 's a bouble wota comp .
