  yes , but not by being rude yourself . 
  get yourself some manner ... 
  you seriously took a ascreenshot just to say that ? 
  dude stop caring about fucking useless things . . 
  there is . 
  once i duo q 'd with an 1900 , being 1150 myself . 
  i ended up carrying him coz he fed like hell . . 
  no , its true lol, 
  singeddddddddddddd, 
  i see eve more often than any other champion . . just saying :d, 
  yi , shaco , eve , twitch ... maybe tristana , but that is very late game . 
  redditor for 1 hour . 
  real, 
   oh and fyi , my second edit was refering to omen . 
  the character never made . 
  but apparantly you are still gon na bitch . 
  oh come on . 
  that was just a last-moment try to avoid the shitstorm . . admit it, 
  wait wait you forgot the 5th episode : the jiji strikes back !, 
  once in stream he said its `` local police '' ... idk if that was serious, 
  good idea actually , as riot wants to remove rng from the game . . even mf 's q doesnt hit the target i want sometimes  . <, 
  im kind of over it now  . < but please , people , dont make that joke again ... 
  the real question is ; why its not moderated  . <, 
  jungle : mundo/shyvana , shut down naut hard . 
  mid ap : someone with hard stun/outrange, 
  top : anything lol . . ap teemo sucks balls . 
  pink anything with cleanse . 
  exactly . 
  it doesnt need to prioritize champions by the way . . just make it skill-based , not luck-based - . -, 
  i dont get it . . personally i think kpop is a strange mix betweed modern talking and justin bieber lol, 
  likn not working for me . 
  can you direct link to the file ? 
  warmogs rushing ww on 1300 elo  . < makes me want to kill a midget, 
  pick malz , his ult will surely hit trolololo, 
  no seriously , same annoying thing with fids silence too, 
  i dont , its impossibe . 
  just play better i think . 
  that said im trying too hard it seems  . <, 
  thx !, 
  procrastination police doing work . 
  good day officer !, 
  its a scam bro, 
  he was against a shen ... merc threads/wits end/visage waaaaybetter choices ... also warmogs on ww counters himself by having more hp for his flat healing . . 
  there were like 15 simillar posts just today with the same content , all from fresh reddit accounts but different emails . 
  they all got deleted . 
  if it were real the op would have stopped after the 3-5th moderation ... 
  generally, 
  bt rush   dorans wriggles pd, 
  dorans wriggles pd   ie + vampscepter + pd, 
  but ie rush   bt rush, 
  kind of like rock paper scissors  ( oh by the way eve though i agree with it 100 % its not my brain 's work , iirc i think chaox mentioned it on stream , correct me if i 'm wrong ), 
  so . . situational . 
  ie rush has highest damage but a pd + wriggles helps on faster barons and better map control ( also better in solo que imo when you cant rely on teammaes ' wards ) . 
  bt rush is good for champions that have a large amount of ad burst ( vayne , graves ) but worse on champions that doesnt have much ad scaling skills ( mf , trist ) . 
  ie or bt rush also good on champs that has an inbuild as sterioid ( graves trist ), 
  pd rush is best for carries who have other ways to increase damage output ( mf 's w , kennen ), 
  so , for example , with trist i would rush ie 99 % of the time . 
  probably they had lifesteal quints and some ad+a rmor runes which sorta makes up for the loss of wriggles . 
  ( for me i run lifesteal quints on all ad carries nowadays , as i do n't really know which one needs other quints ), 
  he found a new place in botlane . 
  also , just to add to the previous comments which i all agree with , he is very mana hungry , especially after the blue nerf . 
  not to mention his item builds : ap offtanky/ap glasscannon build is outdated and very risky , even with banshee . 
  wards counter his ult-from-bush trick . 
  whenever i play nunu jungle , i play him as offtank/support with shurelyas , randuins ( hence the double gp10 rush ) , banshee , ga etc. 
  zeal rush is nice on ashe for the increase in kiting potential with his slow . 
  old builds included boots3 but i guess someone did the math . 
  ( or her slow got buffed , idk ), 
  i max q on mf , am i doing it bad ? 
  meh , maokai is better off with frozen heart than ga imo . 
  that said , i 'm not really know how to jungle mao , 
  why are you reposting this ? 
  search function is your friend . 
  hm strange , just today i though about rushing bt on garen while being ahead then follow up with a riven-like build . . guess i was wrong ? 
  lol, 
  actually ap soraka mid from scarra is not so suprising . 
  if you watch his stream he bans soraka all the time because there is another guy , scyx17 , 2480ish elo , who almost exclusively plays ap soraka mid ( his build is like 2dorans-mercs-wota-rylais-abyssal-zhoyas and ghost/heal and he ( scarra ) said it 's annoying as shit * . 
  so i guess he figured out he must learn it too :d, 
  * : once soraka gets level 2 q he just pushes lane to your tower thn steals your wraiths . 
  just like morde . 
  and she is supersafe from ganks with a long range silence , a triple heal and ghost , ability to get mercs , the passive , and later the tankiness . 
  plus she doesnt need too many items like raba/voidstaff which are core on so many champs, 
  hm . . noted , thx, 
  when it comes to ad carry i almost always play mf and i have mana issues , will play a few games with maxing w. thanks again for the input . 
  erm , isnt it good when you want to quickly regen hp from jungle creeps ? 
  fuck this shit im buyin wota then, 
  this please, 
  wait , i just realized your username . 
  are you related to [ jeph jacques ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deathmole ) , creator of [ questionable content ] ( http://questionablecontent.net/ ) ? 
  not me lol, 
  175 is way too short , i 'd say 400 . 
  ( give stealth champs a gap closer , though ), 
  what would you say to people who say you are an attention whore ? 
  awww . 
  nice to see a qc fan here < 3, 
  wow your stlye is real close to jeph 's :d, 
  warwick is melee and shits in vlad ... 
  eve mainer here ( idk how many games , lost count after 500ish ), 
  the bigger part of the community says eve is bullshit and the worst cahmpion ever . 
  i have to tell you that this is * half * true . 
  she requires high skill to play , great positioning , knowledge of game mechanics , and the ability to pull off some tricks .
