  what if i cast it then flah to enemy ? 
  will the dmg get higher ? 
  coz the particle is already fired . . 
  they become inefficient after the time they produced their value in emc . 
  idk probably because he is not serious ? 
  protatomonster *, 
  this ... just beautiful, 
  . . was ? 
  or ... afk, 
  just like the eve nerf, 
  and so the circle of jerk continues ... 
  there is only one true man amongst the carries in the jungle . 
  there is only one man who can achieve that only the hypercarries can . 
  there is only one carry jungler that can farm like a baws and still dont set back the skill/itembuild order !, 
  there is only one master yi, 
  her passive, 
  * ahem * `` fleet of foot, 
  even better that he has a nasus flair when he isnt an m5 fan . . amirite ? 
  this is a good way for humble people to express appreciation towerds the enemy or teammates , if dont want to do it by typing words . 
  makes me think maybe there is more good people in soloq than i thought . 
  finally , a good use for psa . 
  i played about 3000 ranked games and i have only 3 pentas . 
  all with master yi . . two of them on the same game with ad build . . so yeah . . 
  what about the clg guides from long ago . . ? 
  saintvicious yi guide was pretty good too . 
  i guess your yi skills are ... inferior, 
  i 'd want masquerade eve tits !, 
  casting is available in many languages , greek , brazilian etc. . 
  . . so dont !, 
  evelynn picked in a tournament game and wins, 
  fuck yes i waited for this since 2010, 
  and i love evelynn, 
  woop woop , free stuff , thanks ) :d, 
  wait , isnt there 202 countries instead ? 
  o : o, 
  its on my frontpage amongst a few submissions from , fro example , / r/minecraft . 
  i got confused for a second :d, 
  still a better option ... 
  it is actually recall . 
  but remember is almost the same thing . 
  i know many cd keys and install codes from memory . 
  but sometimes i forget what day is it today . 
  wow what the hell you spend it on , its an average monthly income for a man . . 
  uses waaaay less electricity , but the most useful thing is that it basically doesnt need any work other than putting the materials in . 
  so you can go and do work elsewhere, 
  to be more precise its shoes . 
  just forgot the term as i was thinking too fast lol, 
  what ? 
  where you live . . under a rock ? 
  haha yeah . 
  thats why we ran an old '74 lada back in the day instead of some now ford or suzuki . . 
  even though the lada ate 11 liters/100km and not like 6-8 like newer cars . 
  no one steals a fucking lada ( that looks like it has been hit by a bomb ) so we didnt have any expensive protection stuff on it :d, 
  exactly, 
  wooo, 
  dude that is like a joker pick lol . 
  if i wan na be a complete duouchebag i pick teemo top or soraka mid ... 
  on a totally unrelated side note , i fucking love dog food . 
  i 'd eat it every day . 
  but people would call me a freak lol . 
  it 's also cheaper ... 
  me too lol . 
  get the squares back to minecraft please , i dont find `` porn '' in them . 
  we supposed to hate each other ( i dont really into hate ) so idk . 
  about 1/3 of romania was hungary before 1920 ( transylvania ) where `` vampires live '' so that doesnt help either . 
  i have no clue why either nation would be considered crazy . 
  ( romanians drink shittons of more vodka than us though ), 
  yep , our car was exactly like the one on the right , 
  crazy only after consuming a bottle of p\u00e1linka :d, 
  idk , its not so cold here so i use the summer ones lol, 
  dont even get me started on alex ich :d, 
  no it was just an estimate . 
  i dont know how many . 
  but not very far ... 
  i think i was like . . `` oh my god please lock in ... waashdhsdgasdfjsdfhaskg\u00cdsgkasasgasdg asdfasdfa '', 
  sometimes less . 
  in around 2000 we had 60000 fts which is around 210 dollars, 
  just like sivir q, 
  when master yi gets a `` reset '' with his ulti , his e passive resets while the previously casted e active remains , giving him both the passive + ad and the active + ad . 
  resulting a shitload of free ad, 
  and , since the nerf of flash he is the only champ to be allowed to `` flash '' ( e ) forward and still not get hit by ashe ult, 
  i think it has a cast time which disallows that . 
  trust me he is terror right now at 1200 elo . 
  look at my yi stats . . one game i got 2 pentas in a row lol, 
  i mean kass ults cast time is so long ( longer then ezreal e ) that when you finish to cast it the arrow hits you , and if you cast it sooner you ult to the arrows back . 
  i mean . . graphically, 
  its says something about you that you need to need to dig up an old passive-agressive classic reddit flameshit just so you can find something to post . . 
  seriously , can you be a bit more positive ? 
  sorry the eve game top this for me, 
  a bit . 
  she needs other items so cant really build lichbane, 
  im so sad i dont have the money to get access to free stuff ... 
  -- in 1 day . 
  he 's going for a record !, 
  not really , the list is wrong . 
  leona has 4 cc . 
  her e is a brief root, 
  shit i remember release karma days man , permaban in soloq she was so broken . . like beating irelia 1v1 and shit, 
  controls the crowd after all ... 
  mor has 3 for sure but 2 of them are on the same cd .
