  eventually , after a certain amount of games you will have so much ip you wont have anything to spend it on . 
  right now i 'm farming ip on dominion just for fun , buyin 1-2 champs per day lol . 
  next up is to buy all the useless runes for fun , then im all set :d, 
  ( i think i need like 8 more champs and all the crit dmg/hp regen/energy runes , then i cant spend ip anymore lol ), 
  same with trynd :d, 
  o.o renekton as bride, 
  well , thats what i did when i was newbie . 
  but looking back i could just level myself up to 20 without runes . 
  most junglers for example , work without runes anyway . 
  i tend to do 8.5 mpen + flat ap an mids anyway . . so thats only some early game damage wasted . . 
  well there are some special cases like mundo who needs spell vamp quints but meh , play until level 20 is so easy i created a smuf which i only play eve on , without any runes lol, 
  the egoism with this one is too damn high !, 
  wriggles to pd against hard lane . 
  else valp to zeal to ie, 
  end game build for me is pd ie lw ga last item whatever i need , bt for moar dmg and sustain , zekes for cdr , etc etc, 
  dont play eve , plz :d, 
  just tried it out . . holy shit man , so epic sustain in jungle too , doesnt need pots at all, 
  because his kit relies on getting close to the enemy , and to make damage as ap you need to build glass cannon , so no defense makes it hard to dish out as much damage as needed . 
  ap ratios are just so you dont waste money on rylais and to benefit more from allied wota . 
  warmogs, 
  triforce, 
  sarah jessica , is that you ? 
  i 'm mord and i 'm a man , i take all the work myself !, 
  qweqweqweqweqweqwe all day !, 
  fuck you last hitters , i earned my gold, 
  brace yourselves , hybrid builds incoming, 
  just dont give a fuck . 
  people play ap yi at 2300 elo and win ... 
  so haters gon na hate, 
  upvoted this before it was ... on the front page :d, 
  edit : please do [ this ] ( http://img34.imageshack.us/img34/9029/muhlazer.jpg ) champion !, 
  please . . 
  `` curse '' is the name of the clan ( team ) . 
  they are one of the best teams in the world . 
  of course, 
  sorry i mixed these two, 
  gay ... 
  double promote 5 ad carry mid huehuehue, 
  yup , but that basically means you can promote every cannon minion , not sure but maybe even 2 lanes :d, 
  god i hope its not fake ... 
  because its a * stunning * story , if you know what i mean, 
  the pressure , it 's killing you !, 
  ima play lux , and i dont even have to leave lane to steal blue from our jungler :d, 
  here is the link if anyone wondering . 
  by the way it was the same game where dyrus died to wolves at level 7 . 
  i 'm tired of immature kids posting shit about immature kids ... 
  no reliable lane sustain ? 
  you mean healing your full hp every 20 sec is not reliable ? 
  blow shield , farm lanes . 
  t5 boots , gank other lanes , repeat, 
  once i randomed evelynn ... it happened to be my main lol, 
  memorize spawn timers , use cv , doesnt even need wards :d, 
  also who needs ignite when you wont get in range to cast it anyway lol, 
  against gps even ap taric works well . 
  but i take ww to avoid my team 's rage :d, 
  yeah well ap yi mid is shit . 
  play it in jungle or top, 
  after nerf too ... 
  its so rewarding to die while gank , because my mid mate doesnt react properly, 
  no . . sometimes i play other characters too . . 
  liek ap trist , ap plank , ap mf . . sometimes tiamat ww :d dem ults, 
  seen tl ; dr at the end, 
  instant downvote . 
  sorry but every second post is like this, 
  you are in love with a champ . . oh boy . 
  let me have an advice from the deeps of my heart . 
  stop loving a champion . 
  you will regret it ( sooner or - ) later . 
  look at my flair , you will understand . 
  was that a question ? 
  lol, 
  fuck you , i run revive tp karthus, 
  i suppose i went ad coz i saw [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ge8nyi4g5v8 ) and [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ly9-rsnz32o ), 
  i could write books about why ap eve sucks so fucking hard compared to ad , but i wo n't bother , sorry, 
  lol who said eve is bad ? 
  also , your ignorant argument stlye implies you will never listen , so ... whatever . 
  put ward in teamfight , suicide , die , revive , tp back , receive pentakill, 
  and it works . 
  was on top of elementz tier list for a while :d, 
  i think 0/21/9 benefits him more , as ww will never have % magic pen so the 10 % is ... not so good compared to the longer buff times/movespeed/mana . 
  you are going to have sorcboots ( or mercs ) anyway so you are going to have either 0 or 10 or 30 flat magic penetration , i 'd totally omit the 10 % mpen in masteries . 
  might be good for 4 % cdrs going 8/21/1 , but idk . 
  no please , forget malady . 
  get ionic spark instead ... 
  also q with lichbane , op shit, 
  makes me wan na install mumble :d, 
  only on arranged or higher elo . 
  in elo hell shens build ap or ad and they wont ulti anyone anyway, 
  also ashe is 450 ip and great ad cary imo . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaarghhhh, 
  i hate you, 
  ... and still suck in all roles, 
  sunfire cape ? 
  see mine ? 
  im afraid to sleep . . 
  delete the last line please . . makes you look like a 10 yr old, 
  . . after 30 minutes , you are the only one who has a 3-digit cs on your team ... 
  fuck you, 
  haha once i trolled enemy team by going ap mundo ... with stats like 23/8/40 ... they cried hard when zhonyys activated against last tick of ignite ... next game i was against the same guy . 
  he went mundo ... guess what :d,
