  thornmail ? 
  passive ? 
  and atmogs give dmg . 
  better one : when the jungler gives second blue to your ap , ult him and q the golem : dddd, 
  if you giving it to the caster you cant smite it  . <, 
  its not better ? 
  lux / l more annoying  . < '', 
  i play revive eve trolololol, 
  getting owned by a banana throwing goatwoman ... nobody will believe you :d, 
  scumbag evelynn : pretends to be a ruthless predator , s * cks in 1v1 combat . 
  / thread , nuff said, 
  / thread , nuff said, 
  make score for getting killed my lazor as in draft race . 
  i want wtf mode . 
  i want to see twitch with poison train * toxic shot , twin fang and expunge !, 
  * : lol best typo ever, 
  and all da lolspinz, 
  scumbag ashe : `` no really . 
  put that apple on your head ! '', 
  exactly how i play soraka . 
  +1 from me , gg best guide ever . 
  wtf can someone explaing why did i get downvotes ? 
  kinda new to reddit ... 
  alistar can tank the laz0r with soraka spamming wish ... and the football him out of the fountain, 
  also tf has full map vision . . what about nocturne, 
  oh , i see , thank you :d, 
  nice , i like the skill ideas , passive seems to be op . 
  make it so the cds refreshes if an enemy unit dies ? 
  otherwise i 'd totally play that ... sick of alistar soarka janna sona taric pentagram . 
  what made you open this topic ? 
  looking at previous internet activity you are kinda hyperactive ( like the mobafire guides , you started one , commented a few times than never came back ), 
  will you really answer all the questions ? 
  i was being sarcastic lol . 
  he wont answer any questions . 
  i bet my elo on it . 
  anyone tried lichbane on galio ? 
  after all , it gives mr and ap ... and maybe slowed enemies will be close for an autoattack . . and after ulti it maybe helps to finih them off ? 
  for epic slow on q ? 
  and e slows them too , good for chase ? 
  just theory , never tried, 
  next time try the same team or all ad carries but other heores . . with . . for example :, 
  graves going usual, 
  mf going ap, 
  sivir going support, 
  trynda going tank ( did it once , hell of a fun ), 
  irelia going offtank, 
  can be good :d, 
  why not add me . 
  summoner name is in gray up there , 
  lol at dyrus one :d, 
  hotshotgg : +20 % chance you get fiddle or nunu picked by the enemy team . 
  just found a guy in pbe with 1260 elo :d, 
  i signed up , the games are very funny :d a few people are there , usually only 1 major game running , but the people are very nice . 
  looks like trolls did n't find this one server yet , or i just had luck dodging them . 
  aram 's are frequent . 
  damn , i thought these guys were pros ... 
  as viable as my main . . guess what, 
  as viable as my main . . guess what, 
  what you just listed my mains :d, 
  also how do you esape udyr if he flashes on to your face and stuns right after . 
  yeah but the slow is terribly low, 
  ... will be done !, 
  dude , buy a camera and make a daily/weekly vlog ... you will get rich lol, 
  never played kass :d, 
  go on ... we are still nowhere !, 
  you forgot kassiopeia and kaitlyn :d, 
  when i was below level 30 i abused this by buying low-cost tier 2 runes and hoping for good tier 3 runes combined . 
  since i needed many tier3 runes , it worked, 
  no joke . 
  builds i use but wider known : ap yi-mf-tristana , ad soraka-annie , trynda with 3 phantom danccer and 3 gunblade ... 
  depends on situation i think . 
  basically if i get better and better damage items i level up hawkshot ( since volley gets dmg by the bonus ratio ) , but if i `` m behind i level up volley . 
  if fights tend to happen more often i level up q. 
  easy as that :d, 
  haha yeah 2k dmg spin ever 2 sec is fun :d, 
  why nunu why ? 
  maybe you filled out 4000 tribunal pages ? 
  lol :d, 
  ap trist has some sick burst damage with we + ulti + lichbane + dfg . 
  if you macro good enough , it can istakill almost anyone from full hp . 
  ad trist of course has higher damage over time , and that is how it 's supposed to be played . 
  ap is just . . a trick to pull out sometimes . 
  what i know about jax is little , but i 've seen pro jaxes and they usually survive large team focuses by the tactic : get your stun ready , jump in , stun , get some attacks on somebody , get out , repeat . 
  video plox !, 
  obviously he didnt quit ... 
  add me if you play on euw . . summoner name in [ ] above, 
  summoner teleport trolololol, 
  a war zone = tryndamere ( so i can not die trololol ), 
  day to day life : evelynn ( how cool is to be an invisible vampire with big t * ts ? ), 
  last person alive : shaco : so i can clone myself and laugh . 
  upvote from me sir :d, 
  i bet it was more then 500 characters ... 
  sorry i cant give you hugs because im invisible :d, 
  edit : once at about 1100 elo i managed to pull off a 8-win streak with heimer , and two 7-win streaks with graves . 
  my nunu build is : armor yellows , everything else is atack speed for the passive . 
  i start with boots + ward + hp pot . 
  attack the biggest wolf 2x then consume it . 
  head on to blue , have someone to pull it for you . 
  you should get it down np with smite and consume . 
  level up iceball , or if you plan to counterjungle , then level up bloodboil , cast it , then immediately run to enemy wraith camp , consume 1 wraith or 1 little lizard and ward lizard bush ( so your solotop may pick up a freekill on that olaf when he attempts red ) rest is situational .
