  thanks !, 
  so what you are saying is that i should just apply at an university , get placed in a dorm and go from there ? 
  assuming the applying method is the same as in hungary that means i 'll have to apply in like february to get a place in the university year starting september 2016 . 
  could i apply for , say , a temp job until that ? 
  well compared to him i would probably work as much as i could , amass some money , maybe help my friends back in hungary and basiclly just improve my possibilities . 
  all i need for entertainment and `` needs '' is my computer and an internet connection , 
  thanks , but 60-80 % of my enthusiasm is desperation mixed with pragmatism anyways :d, 
  ( kidding ), 
  thats true in pretty uch any are of the world , the western europeans just call it networking, 
  pls dont downvote this post guys , he is adding to the discussion, 
  haha , no i never smoked anything and i never will , but thanks for all the info , very helpful , 
  i 'll lay low until i know for sure what my possibilities are . 
  for now my only goal is to gtfo from hungary . 
  how about , what you suggest is not only breaking the law but a sin ? 
  dont you think it would make op just the same shit his neighbor is ? 
  not adequate comparison as in this case you are not authorizd to `` flush '' . 
  i put the whole article and the comments in google translate . 
  my ipression is that its far-right propaganda . 
  am i far from the truth ? 
  is that an archer shooting the tank ? 
  if the thickness numbers are correct the archer coudnt do anything against an e-100 's hull armor, 
  6/10 fix your eyebrows :( im sorry, 
  that gun choice  . <, 
  lololol , all the tribunal would achieve is that there will be a new group of players farming credits ( i assume ) by spamming punish, 
  what happening in lol is that the system grades yur accuracy by how often yu vote on the side that the majority votes . 
  this is flawed since there evryone just spams punish with like 90 % accuracy therefore never gets it wrong . 
  you also only get into tribunal for like 7 individuall games , but maybe 6 of those are false reports , and if you said the f-word in one of the games yu are fucked and since you get reported for dying more than 2 times , what ends up happening is taht everyone gets punished and riot says it justified cause they found traces of bm in your cases . 
  and then they justify the system retroactively . 
  imagine f it worked like every case gets a `` is this a valid case '' vote first then the tribunal , now that would be a just system , as most of the reports , and so the punishes , are false anyways . 
  i do have to add though that i write this with massive amounts of salt cause in season 3 my 3 year old acc got perm banned , but you can look my tribunal case and it contains cases like : `` he stole my red , report '' , `` he missed a stun , reported '' ( this was in diamond lol ) `` he played ezreal mid , reported '' ( this was in s3 tho ) these are my literal examples btw . 
  then i created a smurf , went full lcs tryhard mode and look , never got banned since s3 . 
  didnt change behavior therefore the only reason i got banned , is because i tried unusual shit . 
  ( most of the times it worked though . ), 
  obviously . 
  did you read my comment tho ? 
  i said i got banned in s3 . 
  tribunal was different back then . 
  i did not say i was banned unjustly , i said the system is full of false reports so tribunal cases get ciluted therefore the '' you must make x errors before you get punishment '' statements are false because they imply a 100 % correct system . 
  basically i got reported 100 times or so , whereas i should have been reported only like 15 times , resulting in like a week ban or something, 
  honestly , its worse than the t28htc and way worse than the e25 or the 122-44 . 
  not worth it . 
  the problem is that the t28 htc exists, 
  you said the problem of the scorpion is that it does not have armor . 
  the t28 has . 
  your point ? 
  also, 
   the htc is not buyable, 
  yeah its free lol , part of my point about it being better . 
  neither did yours , so i guess we are even, 
  the 122 mm is where it 's at though, 
  also the chur3 , t14 , maybe the kv-220 too . 
  well honestly i tried both forr 200 + games and i found that the 122 is much more effective due to the 370 alpha . 
  you got ta spam gold though . 
  yeah , and it still cant do as much as a 122-44 or an e-25 , hell a su-152 would do . 
  tier7 is full of good tds and the scorpion is not one of them . 
  it 's like a sturer with the gun of the nashorn , one tier higher , and with less dpm . 
  tier 5 tds have more dpm ... 
  blame the system , not the exploiter, 
  yeh but you dont argue that a chur gc is worse than the kv-85 , do you ? 
  how is it not a fair fight ? 
  choosing the more diffucult and risky option to win is not assholery , its pragmatism . 
  the amount and effort went into complaining by better clans , about camping , should have went into trying to break it instead . 
  whopps i mean not hoosing the risky option . 
  yeah playing for draw is a different thing . 
  but if you camp as a legit strat i dont see any problem with that . 
  that is what i meant . 
  not really , i think that if you are camping to win you have to respect that strat . 
  i guess at this point i can say anything though , you wouldnt agree, 
  no , not always . 
  what else you do , for example , when you have only kv-2 's ? 
  you camp . 
  you dont think its wise to go in the open field against t37s do you ? 
   but if you really want to bring heavy tanks, 
  well we are speaking about 1k wn8 clans anyways , most of them are new so they might not all have esl tanks . 
  qb likes everything wg gives him . 
  i dont have proof for it but it does really look like he is a wg puppet now, 
  empire state building is very light , steel and concrete . 
  this one is full of massive stones . 
  fuck no . 
  winter = sadness ,, 
  you can still do level 1 100 ad cheese , with mundo, 
  quite funny with lifesteal, 
  not even little . 
  we are bigger than greece , belarus , portugal , austria , switzerland , bulgaria , denmark , serbia , finland , norway , slovakia , ireland , croatia , georgia , cyprus and a fuckton of other small states, 
  to me it looks like armored patrol is doing everything for clicks now, 
  vents , rammer , and 3rd is optional . 
  bino , optics , or spall liner are good choices . 
  myself i prefer bino if i dont have a good crew and optics if i do . 
  edit : http://www.vbaddict.net/tankstats/germany/td/8_8_cm_pak_43_jagdtiger-216 and click on equipment , see what most ppl use, 
  thats cause one of the best arties is tier 9 , 
  yeah , or you can use repair crew skill like everyone else . 
  sure you can use torsion too i guess . 
  nothing is mandatory , it 's just that vents is superior to every other choice . 
  thanks dude . 
  reading your response really made my day . 
  you know you won the argument when your opponent starts to attack you instead of your points , 
  i 'll just leave this here : http://www.vbaddict.net/tankstats/germany/td/8_8_cm_pak_43_jagdtiger-216, 
  you can see 4.7 % of unicums use toolbox whereas 61.5 % use vents . 
  there is a reason for that , dont you think ? 
  ye it is just very inaccurate,
