  also i played twitch in a game and pretty much a vampscepter + hurricane kept me full hp almost always . 
  was pretty neat , 
  no shit ? 
  count it you lazy fuck !, 
  ad annie loves this too !, 
  might be worth it if you go dfg , that 10 % reduction mastery seems interesting, 
  ashe builds ap, 
  fuck this shit i want the onld anim, 
  karthus ult has channel time whereas soraka ult is instant . 
  basically 5 soraka ult can be cast during the time of one karthus ult . 
  not mentioning that soraka ult has better base vale and scaling . 
  so yea . 
  i dont ' t know . 
  seeing as i wont be able to treat myself some rp for christmas ( parents hate to even see me playing lol ) , i 'd gladly gift my remaining rp to someone . 
  damn no limited skins for me again  . <, 
  nice game . 
  might be a newb question but why 10 . 
  seems like the bishop stays better on e7 or something , and that move was the `` wait maybe he falls for the trap '' move anyway . . is there any specific purpose of the bishop there ? 
  hope its not late to sign up ( euw i just woke up lol ), 
  who the fuck is stephano ? 
  attaaaaack !!!!, 
  just, 
  i 'm a miserable fuck ... thats why, 
  it does . . but imagine . . malph q. . . and it somewhat fits in the build, 
  yess ... darkness . . my veil ... 
  booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooobs, 
  more like aww shit flash ghost aaah nah , im dead, 
  push push push, 
  you cant have '' ' '' in filenames . 
  can confirm , today i got into an aram while we got an annie and they got a viktor , this annie complained about not being able to use or level ulti and needless to say , never used it . 
  well not on mine . 
  i think the dw-s are frfrom the circlejerks who value flashy , shiny , pimp shit in comments over actual content . 
  no but im annoyed by the 1234135235241256797th post on the exact same subject, 
  imagine skarner/urgot, 
  you mad over someone else 's opinion , then why do you even post this l0l, 
  you should have taken another photo from the other side of the river a bit up - [ fishermen 's bastion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fisherman%27s_bastion ) is equally spectacular . 
  muhaha , just look up the net for older pictures . 
  there is literally no chance fo snapping a picture without any scaffolding somewhere , it has been like this for like 25 years lol, 
  i feel your pain man , but the problem is that the building itself is built from cheap , bad quality stone ( steindl had a stone mine  . < ) so it can not be just replaced , they got ta repair it, 
  i 'm dying ... 
  ^ ( from laughter ), 
  over what timespan , that is more of a question :d, 
  the only thing that makes me sad right now is that because of this , i 'm unable to get on the `` free elo cleaver train '' . 
  dumb question but what map was it on ? 
  dominion and proving grounds reduce healing effect by a small amount , iirc, 
  i know , its just a polite was of saying `` did you fucking check the map aura first ? '', 
  1800 elo . . when he is not on live . . my ass . 
  its not a bug , its working as intended, 
  does it proc evelynn 's e twice ? 
  or just once ? 
  what ? 
  i see what you did there, 
  today i saw lee sin build it . . real, 
  hungaria ( pannonia ) is the latin name . 
  still , all the others are in english so i guess he really slipped a bit , 
  ad malz ( i swear its legit ! ), 
  aaand ad carry eve, 
  tremors ap ratio sucks , i would recommend a mpen/tank ap rammus like most eves build nowadays : triple pen to dfg/ga/zhonyas, 
  try crit mumu , thank me later, 
  i remember a riven build it . 
  q-q-q in , stun , zhonyas , then q is available again , trololo umad dived carry ? 
  hurricane for l0lz ? 
  oh my god . 
  `` oh you managed to get me below 40 % hp ? 
  the game just begun . '', 
  and then be a second ad carry superlategame ? 
  :d same thing ashe works too . 
  can build things like zekes , too . 
  also new tryn super good with the new blade of the ruined king , free utility scaling to lategame ? 
  yes please . 
  old eve on dominion . 
  fuck shit up with 0.3 secc cd q, 
  lichbane tf would have a word with you, 
  or yi . 
  i can imagine fans running up to you and saying `` i like my champs how i like my music - heavy and metal ! '', 
  you can go shroom build with liandrys/rylais, 
  or bullshit teemo bit malady/hurricane/mallet / blade of the ruined king, 
  or go movespeed/as/ap with boots of speed ( furor upgrade ) , malady , hurricane , nashors then ap, 
  or a tanky on with wits end/wriggles/mallet / ga/situational . 
  deoends on what the team needs . 
  there is no cookie cutter, 
  not enough damage without rabadons , malady not fitting into the build which does damage with mainly shrroms/q , not enough ap to make lichbane efficient . 
  i 'm sorry but this build is terrible . 
  depens on where you played it . 
  you can not judge a build just by yourself , because maybe at your level people just can not exploit your itemizing mistakes . 
  i remember going rylais rushing on mf . 
  i literally won all seven games i rushed rylais in mf . 
  so . . is ap mf good ? 
  please ... 
  i didnt say your build is so bad as ap mf , just there are so much better builds that yours can be said terrible in comparison . 
  well first of all if you buy rabadons you are going carry . 
  so you gon na need void staff for late game and a defensive item . 
  or some offtankish items like abyssal of zhonyas , because dosnt matter if you have 800 ap you are gonig to get raped . 
  rylais is a good defense item for early/midgame , but endgame you are still paper . 
  so , you go either abyssal + zhonyas or ga. 
  since abyssal doesnt work on crossmap shrooms and we need places for more items then ga it is . 
  so , in order to be even able to carry you need : boots , rabadon , void , ga. . 
  that leaves 2 utility ap items here . 
  if you are gonig burst you might as well invest in dfg to combo with lichbane , as you are going to need that cdr to make lichbane work . 
  if you are going attack speed carry you gon na need hurricane and another item , preferably with more as and ap , possibly malady , nashors or triforce if you need the phage slow .
