  would fit perfectly to your category imo, 
  time to feeeeeeeeeed, 
  wait she already says that, 
  why do i have a strange feeling this post is directly aimed at me . . ? 
  i spectated crumbzz ( 2.6 k elo ) once going godlike with eve . . he wasnt even using her to the fullest . 
  shitty comment adding nothing to discussion, 
  ... if your team doesnt troll you for picking her . 
  which they do 70 % of the time , sadly . 
  cant find it - . -, 
  that was so beautiful ; _ ;, 
  more like real life , you mean . 
  i dont think its necessarily true , they did ionia vs noxus twice , after all . . 
  amumu is from bandle city and he is a jungler ... ? 
  or am i i missing something ? 
  boooooooooooooooobs, 
  slut . 
  fuck you , now i will buy bos on everyone just because you told me not to, 
  i always thought lee sin is a cyclops . . 
  i think eve is on the wrong category . 
  no big deal but she belong to the `` apply the same cc different ways '' thing : she can apply a 2-target slow with q , an on-target slow with e or autoattack . 
  just saying, 
  win rate ? 
  tried him everywhere except jungle . 
  in my opinion , toplane looks very good both builds , since vs. melees he can ranged w harass and melee qe combo vs gap closers . 
  melee w + q is a really good waweclear , even without ratios . 
  items wise , going full ad is kind of worth it . 
  start the teamfight in melee , when anyone comes close qwe him and ult , start dpsing in ranged form , and basically ult + qe anyone who comes close . 
  tried going melee build with maw + sunfire + wits end , it was good in early game but not woth it imo . 
  even in melee mode he is a carry like riven . 
  just build him mallet + ga+bt then whatever you need . 
  he lacks gap closers or damage , but very good vs anticarries . 
  basically you can fend off anyone who comes near you in fights . 
  his basevalues/ratios arent that high so he basically needs people to come near him , which makes him a counterpick to anticarries imo . 
  irelia , olaf . . so you cant get ccd huh ? 
  well you can still get knocked back then bursted down . 
  also if you melee q then e them , they cant really run back to you because of the q slow , just like tristana er combo . 
  ps : cooldowns and mana regen are also nice , no mana problems whatsoever ( except ranged form eats mana early and you cant really go melee form botlane to gain it back ) . 
  in time , i think he will be a situational toplane ad carry like kayle . 
  sivir makes a face that shaco used to do , lol, 
  this . 
  or amumu, 
  i was more surprised phage + wits end wasnt here ... 
  ~ 8 % is not so big drop ... 
  yes sorry i should have specified . 
  i should have asked `` how many games you lost , and how many you won ? '', 
  you . 
  you win . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  sunfire to abyssal to rabadons , shurelyas , frozen heart . 
  surprisingly effective in midgame , not sure if it falls off or not . 
  alex ich plays it a lot so i thought it might be good for lategame . 
  good old russian methods . 
  it 's just karpov-kasparov , 1972 all over again . 
  she is a grez , look at her earring ... 
  good to know if i want to reap a shitload of free karma i just have to shoot an overused shitty evelynn joke . 
  thanks, 
  he is the answer to everything . 
  no seriously . 
  top , mid , bot or jungle , qqqqqqqq all day every day . 
  making kassadins and veigars cry . 
  is it true he plays like singed without the early weaknesses ? 
  hmm thanks for the reply . 
  people telling me lately he is singed 2.0 -- guess im amongst the bad players :d, 
  i just . . erm ... 
  you know ego ignaxio and his ... relation to kennen ? 
  imagine it with eve and me and you get my point . 
  weirdest thing about this conversation is the upvotes . 
  in short , it counts anything spirit visage boosts , minus the regen effects . 
  shaco , mord , yorick - army of clones, 
  eve , teemo , twitch - invisibility chaos . 
  trundle , anivia - you can expect a labyrinth of walls lol, 
  but i guess the most fun for me would be ap yis trying to synchronize alpha strikes so you are dead in half a second , then there would be a race about who presses q 0.001 second latest to get the penta . 
  same with fiddle nunu kennen karthus etc. 
  np i just buy 5tiamats, 
  especially that e passive has a hidden ap ratio, 
  idk , blade mistress morgana is kinda close . 
  it 's just alistar riding sejuanis boar lol, 
  blitz , mundo , warwick ... you know ... 
  who said i dont want ? 
  wish there would be one with masquerade eve, 
  ... or , to be more realistic , firefang warwick, 
  now i can be so fucking hipster with `` i mained eve before it was cool ! '', 
  then we gon na have que dodges for not lettin people play eve . . hilarious :d, 
  yes i can , ban both, 
  hell yes, 
  not when i was around . 
  i joined when irelia came out , and eve was deemed shitty that time , at least where i was playing . 
  ... but i stopped you from jungling rat/eve . 
  your point ? 
  well , time to throw away old tricks eh ? 
  rip hybrid kayle , no-defense-item jax , tank vladimir , sunfire + ga shaco ... 
  you mean normal draft ? 
  `` this eve is raping us lol '', 
  nuff said, 
  or a critplank q with the same :d, 
  damn my ring finger on my left arm is way stronger than any other finger ... constant hatespike spam means workout :d, 
  yeaah , and its full off rage/trolls now too . . same cesspool as a ranked game, 
  no , its meant to be as a soft gap closer when you are already in unstealth range anyway . 
  ... you didnt think this through , did you ? 
  prepare for trolling :d,
