  most of the playerbase does not improve at all beyond a certain point . 
  so it doesnt matter if they are driving tier 5 or 8 prems . 
  just hop into your different tier tanks and you will see the same `` stupidity '' every tier . 
  oh yes , a top tier 43 % er will probably have more negative impact in a team in a t8 battle than in a t5 battle , but it does not disturb your win rate because you will get about the same amount of them on the enemy team in the long run . 
  what most people doesnt realize that the people they call retards , can win games for them too , if they are on the enemy team . 
  it 's easier to remember the losses , sadly . . 
   there 's no sense giving someone , who just started , a low\u00eb, 
  might reword my point but in this sentence i fully agree with you . 
  what i mean is that once you have a grasp of the game ( i had it on about tier 5-6 ) you are good to go in any tier , just a slight disadvantage on higher tiers . 
  i got an e25 for christmas and that point my highest tier non-arty tank was the kv1 . 
  i had 54 % winrate on that tank the first 100 games . . 
  i think that is because i understood the basics . 
  i would have done pretty decent in an is6 too , i guess ( which is why i went for the month long mission in december ), 
  forget equal tier - make that lower . 
  my pak40 also eats dw2s, 
  mm that feeling when you oneshot a tier 10 tank . 
  i only ever did it once ; took the side armor or a 268 with my su-14-2 , it was the first shot of the game , made me forget my reload speed for a good 2 minutes while i take various screenshots :d, 
  she got some great personality there . 
  actually , 2 of them, 
  you always have someone to talk to . 
  if not , there is still / r/self and / r/offmychest, 
  thanks i might need that, 
  hi dariusplay, 
  fv304 makes 20k on abad game ( with premium , so its about 13k nonprem ) and costs like nothing to maintain . 
  i had 35 profits on it quite regularly . 
  and the 15k for 2 light tanks :d, 
  more like 400m, 
  at least she is showing a good picture in the media, 
  jesus , have you ever heard the spam bot confuser ? 
  more like kv2, 
  give it a lick . 
  3 togs takes 4 secs to track while in my e-25 . 
  then another 4 secs to retrack all of them ... 
  edit : yup , tog circlejerk . 
  because fuck reasonal discussion, 
  tier 4 tds when i 'm in a t6 med . 
  ( type 58 oneshots every one of them with he ), 
  doubt so , i am not shooting unless i am sure i wont get spotted . 
  i bet the map wasnt himmelsdorf, 
  may i ask you , how much damage is considered a good game for a 261 ? 
  thanks . 
  any reason you are using he only ? 
  because it can meet kv-1s, 
  you guys just reminded me a really enjoyable part of my childhood - there were two similar guys in my primary school class ; my friend played jagged2 and kept telling me about it etc. 
  and i played fallout :d, 
  oh man i wish i could go back to 1998-2000, 
  man i would love to join a serious clan . 
  time to improve my 49.4 % i guess . 
  no one takes him seriously i think . . 
  unrelated , but is your username from a tower defense game ? 
  may i ask you - was that so good you took its username in honor of it , or just for fun ? 
  i would love a good td game , could use some info, 
  % ) im on drugs, 
  :( thanks though, 
  they are also dont have scout wiew range either . 
  they are also literally not scouts . 
  seeing that you were able to beautifully formulate this post is telling me that your common sense is at the right place , therefore your part of this story ( what you did , what happened because of you ) makes perfect sense , meaning this flow of events was inevitable and natural . 
  at least that is what i think, 
  the luchs would be fucking overpowered i think . 
  lol that would be a downgrade in dpm, 
  enemy team will most likely have one more useful tank, 
  bwahaha i only got steel wall once because i got hit by 2 rhoombas and a t1 cummingbird . 
  just dont use autosearch . 
  ever . 
  at least he was tier 8 . 
  i occasionally use autosearch for lulz and an average team i 'm thrown is is two uc 2-pdr 's , a wespe , a dw2 , kv1 and a jagdpanzer iv . 
  if they have a tier 8 that is almost never an useful tank either . 
  do you even know what logic is ? 
  dpm is damage per minute . 
  meaning it doesnt change by time . 
  that would be 2 shots every game , i dont think a bot does that . 
  there must be some real games here and there . 
  also crew training ? 
  i dont think so , botters die after the end of every match so their crew gets less xp ... 
  embarrassed ? 
  i am annoyed by your stupidity . 
  i am going to break down my post again since you dont seem to understand what dpm is . . 
  in my original comment i wroted `` downgrade in dpm '' which literally means that if you swap an is3 gun with a t34 gun the damage you can ( not will ) will be less since the is3 reloads faster with a near identical alpha . 
  it was you and your fucking stupid logic who brought armor and shit into the question , of yourse it would be better armored jesus christ . 
  it is so fucking simple . 
  just maths . 
  i will try to be as simple as i can , just to have my bases covered , because i know i can say anything i wont convince you anyways . 
  t34 : shoots 4 times per minute , 400 dmg average : 1600 dpm, 
  is3 : shoots 5.51 times a minute , 390 dmg average : 1759 dpm this is more than 1600 . 
  of course in a battle situation the actual damage done in an actual minute would change , but its not what i talked about , i talked theoretically . 
  since you treated me like a retard i assume you wont just admit you tried to argue over something you misunderstood , i just write this for people who might be confused . 
  edit : bringing my profile into the argument is both childish and rude . 
  it also means nothing . 
   to my original argument that dpm is useless if you are dead . 
  exactly . 
  this argument was brought up by you , and had nothing to do with my post about theoretical dpm . 
  ignorant fuck . 
  thanks . 
  this is just what i needed, 
  i do !, 
  thanks !, 
   give the is7 the bl10, 
  pls no . 
  is there anything to use gold after you build your first wonder ? 
  ( i find using gold to obtain 5k wood for 1 click is sorta useless when i get 1 mil per sec . ),
