  i dont have any problems either , and even if i do , i just eat an orange . 
  and its k. 
  no , i grew up in eastern europe lol, 
  better when i build a sunfire on her and yell '' oh my god my ass is on fire !!!!!! '', 
  i dont even know what it means ... 
  but i think it is said by french people and we all know they suck . 
  nope , i 'm hungarian which is neither and we are at eune ( i transferred to euw tho ), 
  the damage it inflicts helps you carry games . 
  i usually only buy defensive items in soloq if they have some kind of offensive ability as well , beause i have to inflict as many damage as possible . 
  ( aka `` 1v5 '' ) this is why i almost never buy fon but mostly buy frozen heart ( the cdr + mana helps spamming spells ), 
  blade mistress evelynn, 
  not before bunny boy gragas, 
  i remember rushing a thornmail as shen vs. a fed eve , she had only triforce yet raped me to death lol . 
  so , if you are fed , the game is over , because every itemization has a counter if you got 4k + more gold . . 
  or if they got invaded ... 
  and my tits, 
  they can be compared by the aspect of how much offensive power they provide , which is my point, 
  nope , i 'd much rather buy abyssal or maw, 
  i 'm around 1250 . where no matter what role you play , you must 1v5 the entire enemy team basically . 
  are you trying to mock me ? 
  without providing a counter argument ? 
  you really must try harder, 
  picking eve . . 
  ... after the world finals . 
  in that level of hell sona is played as ap, 
  erm , idk , sheen proc ? 
  crit ? 
  edit : oh shit , i forgot to mention that it was pre-rework eve . 
  lol, 
  somehow i dont have enough l0l, 
  fuck you ... 
  i 'm going to use this as an excuse every single time i die from now on ... 
  i can 100-0 people just to get them ulted by support and haev just that more hp to kill meaaaaaarrrrrrrrrh, 
  this this this . 
  why ? 
  i always join servers fro th hopes of working with people and i always end up working alone lol, 
  ... as ad carry ? 
  and wingsofdeathx, 
  yeah if you hit it from spawn , lol, 
  lovely look . 
  you also seem like the girl who doesnt like getting starved to death trying too look like supermodels . 
  i like that !, 
  yeah 800 karma . . worth it ? 
  lol, 
  try teemo . . 
  i played her with various builds and i think if she swaps dfg for a lichbane she can have same burts ( except ult ap ratio nerf ) just need to get closer for an aa . 
  he once said ( on stream ) it was meant for `` local police '' but i guess he was joking :d, 
  oh boy mtwist getting negative karma wtf, 
  you make my needlessly large rod ryze, 
  lets end this quickly !, 
  i dont even have a wallet anymore , everything fits into my pocket !, 
  not even kidding, 
  sadly you wont get zombie ryze :(, 
  like ... a hyena ? 
  that is what all people think !, 
  it was just the hivemind, 
  i got a comment like `` oh isee you farming downvotes '' every day so i feel you :d, 
  you like dnb ? 
  no no no . 
  wont deal as much dmg ofr sure but suck ? 
  well, 
  i 'd buy it but then again i 'd buy any eve skin, 
  why dont we have both ? 
  technically she offers her servies for money . 
  it can be killing , seeing she is an assassin . 
  but i can imagine she handles sex on the same page . . 
  i only tell ss so that my teammates wont rage about it and hopefully the other team will rage faster lol, 
  but its dot , same story as aoe, 
  hate spike now suddenly op, 
  yeah , if you troll at least put so effort in it !, 
  nono hes speaking about the little mana you gain back after you cleaned a little camp, 
  idk , i started boots3 with nunu in the old jungle too . . 
  yeah well i had to make a full armor page for that . 
  i dont know ... 
  i think breaking bad sucks . 
  like . . really bad show . 
  yep - teammates are even kind enough to let everyone know about eve sexual services . 
  `` report eve sux '', 
  how is a disable person 's mindset different in games ? 
  do you try harder than most people ? 
  do you struggle to improve , or just play casually ? 
  visual eve rework ... no please, 
  or whatever just dont screw her over like they did 2 times already lol, 
  yordlestompers, 
  one . . i played 1v1, 
  you can think ybout this way : you arent sacrificing the 15 % cdr , you are sacrificing 20 mpen coz you are gon na build ionians . 
  o rly ? 
  definitely . 
  however his behavior is just casual shit talking so i would give him like . . a warning , or if hes beeen warned before , maybe a 2 day ban but nothing else really . 
  i was acting like that in the past and my tribunal record is 2 warnings , then a 4 day ban , then another warning but nothing else . . over 5k + games, 
  . . no shit ? 
  something something gods work, 
  im not a bot . 
  my name was oringinally intended to be evelynnbot in rekerence to sorakabot , an infamous evelynn player , but that name was taken ( iirc ) so i had to mix it with my ingame name ( hok wakka ) so i came up with this . 
  i 'm already in , shhh, 
  i go one step further ; if they ask for honor i report them for whoring . 
  its actually a starcraft reference . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( http://www.tikihumor.com/wp-content/uploads/tiki-humor/2012/09/go-on-the-internet-and-tell-lies-393x500.jpg ), 
  try harder,
