  maybe they just dont care . 
  maybe they let their 4 year old retarded kid play the account . 
  look at his fucking name ? 
  does it sound canadian to you ? 
  well maybe you shouldnt be openly dumb then . 
  google is your friend, 
  well shit . 
  there goes my awareness, 
  perfect . 
  more like / r/im14andthisisfunny, 
  serbs_hard_nipples , but the funniest one was a player that i oneshot with my arty , his name was click_me_pls, 
  looks way better than the orignial wg one , but i didnt play the conq yet so i dont really know how it `` feels '' . 
  you mean qb 's z-team, 
  its repeating a pattern, 
  he is repeating a string of tweets after a certain time . 
  yep . 
  vote with your wallets, 
  ( but if i have doubts then its probably my inability to be certain about the language i 'm reading ), 
  those crew skills frightened me more, 
  try going to a battle with it , it wont work . 
  lol, 
  except that he doesnt have bia on commander , and even tho he has a full crew on the commander its not 6th sense . . 
  rest of the eu doesnt care tho ( other than some conformists ), 
  no its not, 
  ye i farm that in like 30 minutes lol, 
  cant there be 2 stickies ? 
  and definitely do not play any other moba or rpg . 
  but if you want a serious advice - best beginner tank is the kv-1, 
  do you have a dossier on vbaddict ? 
  i dont, 
  well of course we dont like him because he is corrupt, 
  this comment, 
  lets not make kv2 realistic . 
  that thing was largely unusable due to the recoil, 
  serves you right not smashing the guy 's head so that he doesnt defend before you circumcise him . 
  yeah fuck you for not giving enough free stuff !, 
  perhaps try it with the d-25s kappa, 
  no , you just suck, 
  `` kappa '' was meant to signify the joke . 
  i did it on tier 5 : 122a , heat spam in tier 8 games , gg, 
  basically , a slower excelsior, 
  fakking 3k dpm without any crewskils or equipment . 
  maybe because a slip , perhaps his natural language has tank as male gender , like for example russian, 
  i started playing when math warrior was the shit and started crafting it from the gold i got from leveling up the heroes to 10 . 
  then i bought the expansions and i have a patron deck . 
  man it was good to have a deck not cost that much and still be viable . 
  between mathwarrior and patron i played facehunter . 
  none of that works now . 
  i think i would have to pay ( buy packs ) again just to have a deck that can advance in ladder ... 
  nowadays i only farm quests cause i suck at arena . 
  got one of [ these ? 
  i want a cl soso, 
  my first thought was `` thats not his dad , too youg '' then i realized a smile can make you younger . 
  he looks like 35 in this picture !, 
  [ jelly enough ? 
  i dont think it will cost 50 dollars 503013.7 years later, 
  i dont think so , its a t55a and duky is not good enough to obtain it kappa, 
  ( i know that it is not , but that would ruin the joke ), 
  3s aimtime , 2s between shots . 
  [ you sure ? 
  not really every time , i had the same situation . 
  i ammoracked someone in my is-8 , his turret landed on a t43 and killed it , and `` enemy t43 has crashed '', 
  was right the patch where they introduced the mechanic , that is why i remember, 
  which makes me wonder is there a merit of using the stock turret over the top one , like in the e2 ? 
  it can mount the bl9 after all , and i might sac some hp and wiewrange for the turret armor, 
  and then it just ended to be a complete copy of the lord of the rings, 
  7/10 but the eyebrows are a little off-putting, 
  yeah . 
  although it might not worth it to see it twice . 
  yeah because that would make * sooooooooo * much sense, 
  well crit yi is pretty much the same as with the q crits and ad stacking you dont need to auto , 
  not really , the tier 2 german arty is leagues worse, 
  ap varus gon na be a thing . 
  ult as an initiator doesnt require you to attack 3x during it to stack up w . that means a single ult e or ult q combo takes a 60 + percent of enemy hp off , then comes 3 autos during the root anyways , and another huge chunk with the skill you didnt use during ult . 
  did i mention the ult also chunks in itself if the target already had 3 stacks on ? 
  it was called historical battles , and no one was interested in them, 
  it had specific tanks allowed only , with the historical configuration . 
  so it was a gaming mode without prototypes or fictional tanks, 
  report them , block them and move on to the next game . 
  i do this ages ago , there are only tkers/blockers in my ignore list , so when i get into a game with someone in my ignore list its basically a warning '' dont go near this guy '', 
  i am totally new kappa, 
  unrelated question but how come your avg dmg in the e25 is so bad ? 
  do you like . . not give a fuck when you drive it ? 
  that is absolutely shit . 
  playing solo to win , never using gold ammo and chocolate i have 400 more avg dmg and im a mere 2.2 k player ... and this guy is an unicum mind you . 
  after you ignore someone , it will show some lines over his tank icon if you press tab . 
  it will look like that the next game you meet, 
  more like 22 + times as many games , but that doesnt devalue my point whatsoever . 
  nice try attacing me instead of my arguments tho, 
  i see . 
  so you dont really like it ? 
  what made you stop playing it so much that you couldnt `` correct '' your stats in it ? 
  holy shit the hypocrisy is real, 
  face hunter = master yi confirmed ? 
  i was going for more under the impressions of a bronze/silver player who says `` master noob champ '', 
  i agree tho , i main yi actually , though im only gold atm ( aiming for plat next season ) , its harder to play than , say , annie or trynd, 
  anyone here has the japtiger ? 
  i am curious if it can be a crew trainer or a credit earner for japanese crews . 
  i suspect you got ta fire a lot of gold , but i think it can be a decent buy especially for 30 % lower price . 
  thoughts ?
