  he also looks somewhat cute ( no homo ) . 
  you can learn a lot from his stream every day , he educates and entertains , a great combination . 
  ^ ( also mains katarina at 2600 elo . . ballsy ), 
  ( i 'm on euw ), 
  even better i pick ad jungle malz and my team rages me like i had picked eve lol . 
  superfast , full hp jungle , epic ganks , endgame dmg high with proper build . 
  but no . 
  pick shen omg he so fuking op, 
  weirdest bug when i ult shyvana mid-ult . 
  tether goes all over my screen and damage does not apply ( yet the supression does o.o ) and i just sit there stunning myself doing no damage hm ... 
  zhonya'ing teemo to invisibility is enough annoyance - . -, 
  nasus w can not be qss 'd afaik ? 
  besides the obvious eve karma etc :, 
  renekton, 
  garen, 
  just to name a few, 
  then tenacity doesnt work against it ? 
  i know there is something but my memory is . . bad, 
  yes, 
  ( but out of 700 games i only built zhonyas once and that game ended before i could use it , lol ), 
  nah the situation is not that bad , there are still good people and with all these scrubs its evenmore challengign to find the good ones , and more rewarding as well . 
  i 'm fairly sure gp rapes nasus and talon . 
  not sure about jarvan and garen , but i think he can trade well . 
  remember if all else fails he can max oranges . 
  aaaargh noooo dont torture meeeeeeee, 
  ... fencer fiora ? 
  nidalee already throws javelins . 
  check skill description it says javelin toss, 
  u mean yi ? 
  true . 
  just came to my mind though , that skins are more often based on the original champions artwork and the character . 
  we see yi as a guy who runs very fast . 
  so we get runner skin ideas . 
  but to riot , and by the looks yi is a swordsman . 
  so we have swordsman skins - lightsaber , samurai , assasin etc. 
  guess we wont have usain kennen skin either , then . 
  its more like an attack reseter , like sivir w. ( similar dmg ), 
  its poppy joke, 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  do you always fight so poorly ? 
  hm that might be it . 
  tried to google but when there is no real keywords , its hard :d, 
  i hate french people but their accent ... is just ... mmmmhmm, 
  so . . what ? 
  uh , i think you should make longer interwiews , honestly . 
  hurrr durr sivirs w is a spell too, 
  oh i obviously know that ez q doesnt reset aa timer , i just wanted to suggest that if it did , it wouldnt make any difference in dps , as the q damage equals to a sheened aa . 
  the question is , who fed her ? 
  exactly . 
  in fact there is suspicion against it ... 
  slowpoke ... that joke was around for 2 years lol, 
  dont forget mafia theme on ad carries, 
  actually there is , at least riot people must use that when crediting your account with rp after support tickets/event win/refund/etc . 
  like i give a fuck about either one ... 
  [ sorry , had to ] ( http://t.qkme.me/qx0.jpg ), 
  turtle stance attack . 
  slap slap slap, 
  ha ha ha ha ha ha ha . 
  yeah depends on how you look at it , 
  where is suq_madiq_beech when you need him ? 
  autobots are for kids, 
  i 'm using them as well , it 's incredible how much shit they filter . 
  i dont really read what they block , just there is a small box in the upper right corner with the blocked things and some site has a fuckton of them . 
  for example twitch.tv has like 15 things that is filtered by ablock + ghostery . 
  i fucking love hookers, 
  a little bit of recolor would make a good t-virus tribute . 
  ... sigh, 
  why ? 
  i live in hungary . 
  it 's so hot in here , we poured water on all the concrete surfaces around our house ( balcony , sidewalk etc. ), 
  so it doesnt emit heat so much . 
  concrete in heat is heating up too fast that even when the weather becomes cooler , the concrete is still warm so it makes the cooling longer . 
  which we can avoid by watering it , so the heat energy coming from the concrete , is all used up to evaporate the water . 
  edit : sorry if you dont understand ... as you can see im not a native english speaker lol, 
  hm , i can help , if you figure out some way how to do it . 
  i 'm mostly online all day lol . 
  great , if i can cause this kind of shit ingame , i will skyrocket to 2.2 k, 
  see ya there . 
  you better ban evelynn every single game, 
  well i have no clue about how ( un ) educated your country is , so i dont want to sound like i 'm from 2000 bc . 
  i 'm no elite ... just a poor unemployed peasant lol . 
  i 'm just . . erm . . educated and willing to learn the proper way . 
  you know , the kind uf guy who if gets corrected , doesnt say `` fuck you '' , but adjust himself to the correction . 
  some redditor showed me this not so long ago and i fell in love with it :, 
  [ b.o.b - airplanes ( feint drum & bass remix ) ] ( http://soundcloud.com/feintdnb/b-o-b-airplanes-feint-drum ),
