  probably op meant payment/ad revenue ? 
  for me it 's enough if it would cover my needs , but i do n't want to be a top player , i just want to play better :d, 
  karma and ryze are slighly black , arent they ? 
  eve mainer here . 
  any sustain beats her . 
  any range spell beats her . 
  that said , she does well against some no-sustain or low sustain melees . 
  with the correct runes she can beat irelia early and snowball , you have to abuse the passive though . 
  i still dont recommend playing eve though . 
  too low sustain to rely on , harass is goodd though , but teric can only win trades in small bursts . 
  ap taric has good burst so i 'd vote for him instead but ad just doesnt have more dmg output than a proper eve . 
  well . . i ran out of things to prove my point with . 
  just try it out against a good eve and we will see , 
  my tactic is to write, 
  always works . 
  lol exactly :d, 
  i wish !, 
  only thing i want back is the stun and the ult heal . 
  i do n't mind about base stats or passive , i can jungle with her anyway . 
  you guys are all fools , it 's zerg overmind swain, 
  or the \u00fcbers !, 
  wait , not even them, 
  200 points in honor guard trololo, 
  as a support , you will have 15 % cdr items most of the time , ionian boots , zekes , shurelyas ... and getting max cdr to spam your supporting skills is vital ( since you wont be buying ap , will ya ? ) . 
  that means 21 utility mastery is key ( gp10 masteries , cdr masteries , ward mastery ), 
  i use 1/3/26 with ignite ( i use ignite on supports who has stun and facing healing enemy ( taric , leona ) . 
  there are several places on the map when you place an improved ward you can watch more places . 
  for example near dragon there is a lilypad when you place ward on it you can actually see both jungle entrances nearby, 
  edit : credit to studio , cant find link but he drew my attention to it, 
  smartcast + hold down button for 1000000 heals/sec ? 
  spoon \u2122, 
  might give karma a shot  well written guide, 
  saw burial in list , instantly upvoted . 
  thank you for having good taste man, 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  grindcore , hardcore and mainly music made with metal/rock instruments but made it sound like the singer is mentally extreme, 
  and you are doing hard work to let all the ops know where they belong :d, 
  props for having balls for buying eve :d, 
  wan na bet me this thread is going to get downvoted to oblivion ? 
  i had randomed eve 4 times in aram and dominated all of these games ... well she happens to be my main . . but leave all the prejudices and it will be okay :d, 
  no i dont buy aura eve , i personally think it 's a waste . 
  just philo + avarice then normal build . . the thing is , in aram with gp10 eve can get her snowball item ( sheen ) much faster than in real game and she doesnt need any preparation items ( wriggles if jungling ) for that . 
  simply double gp10 bot boots sheen , wiht tank runes and masteries . 
  then rape midgame in open fields after turret is down , easy as that, 
  my ass has a better late game than amumu , you are building him wrong then, 
  that janna is a guy . . gross, 
  - gangplank denying so hard denyplank was legit build, 
  - revive smite eve * sheds a tear *, 
  - release vlad with warmogs giving a fuckton of ap, 
  - the era when morde was permabanned in soloq because `` he was op '', 
  - caitlyn ult applying on-hit effects like tiamat, 
  the thing on support ashe i like the most , is that supoerlate game you are a second ad carry anyway . . with having the support abilities . 
  in solo q i tried it once , went cdr boots + yoyo for cdr maxing , then wriggles ( put dem wardz yo ) then we facerolled them so hard the game ended with me having 4k gold at the victory screen lol . 
  was low elo so i cant really relate about the usefulness , but has potential . . 
  meh i got used to paint ( since the '90s lol ) i dont notice any difference in speed :d, 
  ranked is not about fun , its about getting better while having fun . 
  ohhh no , i have tons of fun in solo que, 
  i think it has to do something with the skill being instant damage or `` projectile '' like cho 's silence . 
  you have the come not attached to the champion because it 's instant cast , meaning where you have the cone , the damage will be there . 
  kassadin 's come however , afaik , has a fast but noticeable speed , meaning if you cast it on a moving enemy who is currently in the cone , because of the skill not being instant , the enemy may get out before the projectile hit him . 
  like riven 's ult . 
  basically , as i think it has beeen discussed before , morde 's e is an instant cast spell while riven ult and kassa e is a `` skillshot '' . 
  its `` uuuuuuuupp you go ! '', 
  i think i 'll just pretend i never saw this thread ... 
  let me yell it :, 
  ** there is no elo hell **, 
  there is an eve build which has good endgame , you just have to build her right , 
  ( source : myself ... 370 + ranked games as eve , plus something like ~ 400 more normals ), 
  nice work , but the place is / r/lolfanart to sumbit . 
  there is no link to it . . no good guide exists . 
  for me , i found it out myself . 
  solomid guides can help , you have to be sceptic though , even the best ones contain bullshit :d, 
  or if you are really interested , pm me here or ingame : hok wakka [ euw ], 
  wow this is actually a very good idea . 
  sc2 terran campaign anyone ? 
  please dont say eve is useless in teamfights . . you are playing/building her wrong then, 
  no hate is justified . 
  you are completely wrong . 
  there is a point of buying defensive items on eve , just like , for example , on akali . 
  eve 's strength however , is if you know when to enter a teamfight , be it oracles or not , you will become the greatest cleanup machine ever . 
  a smart eve is in the middle of a teamfight , spamming spells while minimizing damage taken ( yeah well she has weakness against aoe comps ... ) . 
  you need defensive items , preferably resistances , to utilize the flat heal on the ult like a boss . 
  it 's like heal baiting taken to the next level ... 
  also, 
   the problem is that she gets blown up soooo fast, 
   there 's no point building her tanky, 
  seems legit ... 
  honestly , after speding a decade on the internet , i feel like completely different from what i pictured back then ... rotten.com , 4chan , / r/spacedicks . . can not be unseen, 
  bla bla bla i ignore what has been told to me about how to teamfight and i will just repeat exactly what the guy 3 posts above said ... you sound so fucking lame, 
   i can think of two places she could attempt to go . 
  jungle and top, 
  that is the problem ... 
  1 . if you think eve can go top you are wrong . 
  2 . yeah jungle and top . . thats why people think eve is shit . . ever heard of roaming ? 
  eve doesnt need much jungle farm . . take buffs and gank like shaco, 
  that said i sometimes play roaming shaco , it can be useful . 
  and who the fuck are talking about * competitive * meta ? 
  that would waaay too much prefer a certain meta . 
  what if i go double briuser bot taadadadada or urgot solo bot with roamstar ? 
  it 's a screenshot from the enemy alistar 's lolking page , that shows he lost ( its also ahows the op 's name so it means this is the match op is talking about , and op won ),
