  you all playing him wrong , he is an ad carry . 
  ^ ( or not ), 
  `` omg not that wither nasus !!! '', 
  haha , hovered over her name , saw her having minus two thousand karma . 
  i 'll upvote him , fuck the police . 
  the whole thing seems like a bit out for proportions for me . . great job nonetheless, 
  its a bit long for a dildo , is n't it ? 
  * checks pants * nevernmind . . 
  just fucking report him , we got proof !, 
  and move on . . 
  ... now seriously , who is retarded enough to fall for it ? 
  guys . . dont feed the downvote whore . . look he got -2 k karma in 8 days . . 
  lol, 
  do you want to c-fisted ? 
  im not english and in my language we use same word , just a minor brain slip, 
  hungarian, 
  gif fitting but too overused . 
  twitch mid , camping bushes in botlane so enemy maybe facechecks and dies . . 
  no jungler , instead double top . 
  i had so much fun with me as mundo with a ghost heal lb as lane partner lol, 
  ad yi rapes below 1400 elo . . 
  wuju , pass me that pony ? 
  you obviously didnt play sion then , at that time when you could flash out of his stun ... 
  gp being able to e heimer turrets , 
  yeah . . too bad where i live , all jobs require either a driving license or 2 + years of experience :(, 
  because of this today i played ad carry runes kata and won :d, 
  also its harder to dodge his q e_e, 
  565,633 here , 
  you have facebook ads ? 
  adblock ftw, 
  it 's a common typo , no need to act like a nazi about it, 
  i feel like nowadays any champion that has ap ratios on autos are better built straight up ap than as/ap . 
  ( except xin ), 
  i think yes . 
  i remember playing teemo only once in ranked 3v3 , not soloq , and it showed up on my ranked stats . 
  it was season 1 though, 
  i think i qualify . . at one point , i had 2 win 17 loss with kassa . . 
  now it 's a bit better but still bad 11/19, 
  til i have a skin i dont even look at the splash art of . . 
  ( is that grammatically correct ? ), 
  we got pirate skins for ryze , tristana , rumble . . close enough ? 
  haha yeah , when enemy team lets us play kassa , at 1100 elo people screamed at me `` pick kassa omg '' okay ... 
  mike oldfield 's masterpiece with the same title is also beautiful , feels like he wrote it about this place . 
  evelynn , in a premade normal , my mates were feeding hardcore but . . old eve ( after nerf ) was such a teamfight cleanup master ... , 
  my build was ridiculous too . 
  sorcboots , brutalizer , ( that mpen mask ) , triforce bc malady , 
  pd is better if you have no nunu/zekes in your team . 
  but you can never go wrong with bt rush . . 
  edit : if you like vayne so much you can try out this trolololo build :, 
  full double pen runes , rest is as . 
  sorc boots , wits end , entropy , kitaes , ( dont troll in sr ) , malady , black cleaver . 
  is it `` porn '' ? 
  i think its fucking awful . 
  probably i hate deconstructivism from its core . 
  iswydt, 
  was at 1350 when parents started complaining about too much playing . 
  welp , there goes my skin . . 
  this is the correct answer , i dont know why people even get it wrong . 
  lol, 
  fucking priceless , every time . 
  or ass, 
  i 'm pretty sure i played over 700 eve games . . 
  just reading that reminded me of sunfire stack eve . . those were the good days !, 
  after spending 2000 + games in the 1000-1200 bracket i can confirm every single word . 
  isnt fiora a melee ad carry ? 
  to think of that i play eve as ad carry sometimes lol, 
  just dont make the mistake of fearing from `` taking it further '' . 
  i mean , if you dont feel like kissing her because you think its too much . . just ask her very nicely . 
  love is about listening to each other , sharing problems etc. 
  anyway . 
  i remember when i was 16 ( a good decade ago , lol ) and my biggest mistake was . . i didnt even know where to toch her to make her feel like i love her . 
  ( i mean , gently everyday things , not sex lol ) . 
  and i didnt say a word about it . 
  now she became a whore because she was insecure about telling these kinds of things to ohers as well so she just let people do what they want . 
  tl ; dr : she probably learning how to do this too , so if you are unsure just talk to her, 
  its called trolling . 
  i mean come on . . you were a five man premade . . and it was a custom game with this guy being an unranked player . 
  / thread, 
  well first try to be more polite if you expect politeness . 
  plus his facebook ... plus his chat channel, 
  both , actually . 
  i cant play either for shit . 
  and i mostly main top e_e, 
  or xj9 l0l, 
  thing is , i can do this while i 'm not working . . 
  well , i got about 80 fps on highest settings and about 20 ping on euw constantly . 
  though i usually have to shut down torrents when i play a ranked . 
  guess i have to climb up that ladder first !, 
  thanks for the kind words and constructive input . 
  i got a pretty good pc ( imo ) , had to buy one 2 years ago when i applied for university ( architecture engineer which means loooots of cad , i failed that uni , but thats another story ), 
  play trynda on top of that, 
  anything more than 0 is a plus . . and its my free time . 
  though i 'd like . . a bit * mooore * than 0, 
  eventually he will get a rework . 
  just wait . 
  i just play malz with full ad runes . 
  then burst them with voidlings yo, 
  your acknowledgement has been acknowledged . 
  mao sux top , period . 
  mostly theoretical ( like designing steel structures and such ) and little to no practice , which all of the employers need ; __ ;,
