  if you had the full triforce its entirely different . 
  since you got cdr and now essence reaver woul be kuinda retarded . 
  you start with shiv -  ie , mix mallet inbetween when needed , get pd or rapidfire cannon , and later sell triforce for essence reaver, 
  whatever you go , your 6 items will be : the 4 crit items , mallet , and since you wont do any damage to tanks you will probably need either bork , a last whisper item , or if they dont have tanks ( because who gives a fuck about team comp lol ) then ga. 
  this means you obviously have to sell both triforce and boots as some point . 
  usually sell triforce for essence reaver , and sell boots for the 2nd zeal item so you retain some movespeed . 
  you also have to go fervor to be relevant , and even if you have full build , good luck if the enemy carries has a dash and good reflexes . 
  also abosolutely dont try this against any tank in the game ( except if you shit on them in the first 20 + minute , but the start to outscale you fast so better finihs up the game real fast ), 
  its not for the advice m8 . 
  its for the memes . 
  almost all of the videos it states during , or before the actual content , that its just a hommage to sliphantom and its just for lulz, 
  what, 
  does that mean the jagdpanzer iv is going to be raping everyone with 194 pen and 11 base rof ? 
  cye i just realized , but still i loved my jp4 to bits . 
  4 sec reload and 220 alpha is broken as fuck if you ask me, 
  it 's a track-only car . 
  i guess there is maintenance dedicated for these type of incidents, 
  what ? 
  didnt the m60 originally have a 120 mm gun as well ? 
  what the fuck is an xbox doing in his desk ? 
  fail, 
  it 's a stretch, 
  brit prisons are full of muslims already ( as i heard ) so it will be like going home lol, 
  same shit with eve . 
  they just removed the stun and left it for like 2 years lol, 
  sooo . . just grind a lot i guess :d, 
  my problem with dropping the vents that it also makes aimtime worse as well as the reload . 
  but the snapshot tip might be really useful , thanks !, 
  yeah but i meant it in the context of making a better aimtime when not makeing a better reload . 
  i mean my problem in the op will persist even if i get bia and vents . 
  no , i just wondered if i 'm playing with the best equipment or not, 
  i 'm playing the t-34 like a mid-range medium, 
  thanks !, 
  i love the t-34 , pretty sure i 'll keep it, 
  i 'd suggest not taking pictures where the background is so easily indentifiable, 
  did n't think of that . 
  it 's not a given . 
  stop expecting it, 
  this , and if you are feeling adventurous and you are jungling you can cram 10 % cdr per level in there ( blues ) if you like it . 
  well i live there so it was easy lol, 
  tell that to faker lol, 
  how come he tore qt a new one when they met in soloq then, 
  league championship series . 
  most major servers have one with 8 ( i tihnk , or 16 ? ), 
  teams . 
  in what reality you interpret that as being salty ? 
  lmao, 
  it 's just a bad joke and i pointed it out, 
  why not ? 
  i do what i want, 
  yes he can , a water carrying donkey would sound `` v\u00edzhord\u00f3 csacsi '', 
  v\u00edzicsacsi is just donkey living in water, 
  same . 
  but thats because i am hungarian lol, 
  how i am supposed to live a meaningful life if i 'm stripped of all tools ? 
  how i 'm supposed to have responsibility for being 30 years old and still cant even fucking have a job because nobody taught me how to ? 
  literally anything after d4 d5 c4 and not dxc4 is qgd . 
  well think of it this way : you go queens gambit , which is d4 d5 c4 . 
  it 's a gambit , and if you dont take the pawn so you decline it . 
  doesnt matter what you move , if its not dcx4 its qgd . 
  just because the move order can transpose it into , say , the grunfeld , its only grunfeld after the transposition . 
  when i 'm technically correct i do n't care much about anything else . 
  no offense . 
  ye and then when everyone will think like me then i will be right again ? 
  i 'm not english and i was never in english classes . 
  how did i manage to upset you so hard that you went in this ultra condescending tone though i wonder ... 
  `` time to feeeeeeed '' - eve, 
  how accurate were those tanks ( sheridan and m60 ) compared to expectations ? 
  i 'll pay you 1k per year . 
  and kayle, 
   also if you can play ~ ~ nasus ~ ~ , that shit is aids ~ ~ for yasuo ~ ~, 
  should have just smuggled lego instead , that shit is more expensive than weed, 
  also almost identically to norwegian is `` sakkmatt '' in hungarian ( although almost anyone who seriously plays a game jsut says matt ), 
  it was funnier when she had the pre-vu walk . 
  what you need is clearly virtual hugs !, 
  i have some golditude !, 
  i do . 
  more like . . solokilled by the tower, 
  triforce . 
  or eve dfg+e , when e was magic damage along with the lichbane it procced, 
  i found todays titanic hydra somewhat similar, 
  nooo , sheen first , always . 
  uh . . context ? 
  now kith, 
  illaoi . 
  not many people can dodge tentacles and all you do is basically push , then 1v2 the gank with ulti, 
  i remember shitting myself after my first dfg game with eve after the rework , when ult did % max hp dmg . 
  i mean . . over 2k + eve games i had at that point and didnt ever do that much damage . 
  lol, 
  literally the second row lmao, 
  i think he argues that no one should have gotten the medal , since the other guy not havign the most damage is just as a legit reason to not give him the medal than him not having 20 % of the enemy teams hp, 
  probably cantonese . 
  mandarin is slightly easier from what i 've heard , and japanese got more words into the mainstream recently . 
  not sure about korean though . 
   arty being able to pure luck ibstakill shotgun people is just kinda broken, 
  and any heavy tank able to 1-2shot any arty it meets is not ? 
  i love consistency , but removing ap shells is going to completely fuck over some arties , or at least the fun of them , like the 261 , or the amx 13 am . 
  almost !, 
  it stands for philosophi\u00e6 doctor, 
  it 's really only funny to people who understand it , and a multi-language community doesnt have majority of those i 'm afraid,
