  should i ( re ) buy one of my lower tier arties or research the cgc just to be sure ? 
  ps : gold is not an issue, 
  alright , this day has come , i finally meet the requirements . 
  kinda . 
  i 'm around 5 wn8 short in overall , but i climb steadily anyways so by the time i join ( if i do ) it will be probably over 1.5 k. 
  my recent wn8 is over 1.8 k , only just over it because i try to do the t28htc missions . 
  i am currently in a clan , a starting one , and we already agreed that i 'm just temporarily here so no jimmies will be rustled , although i think i will have to wait 2 days . 
  only gon na leave if you guys accept me though . 
  it 's no secret that some previous members of rddt have negative feelings about me , but first of all it 's probably more about their misunderstanding than me being what they accuse me to be , secondly they left rddt anyway , as i have heard at least . 
  i am very open about this and ready to answer any questions/accusations if you let me , and i fully agree if you guys dont want me anyway . 
  just stating that other than what others say about me you probably dont have any reason . 
  world of tanks username : lefexel, 
  noobmeter link : http://noobmeter.com/player/eu/lefexel, 
  reddit username : http://www.reddit.com/user/wakka_bot, 
  age : 28, 
  country : hungary, 
  which days are you able to attend regularly : every day, 
  how long have you been playing : since 2013 september - so , about one and a half years, 
  any previous clans and reasons for leaving :, 
  rddt3 old - was kicked because i `` flipped my shit '' over the t-34-85 not being accepted for t6 tcs while the tog is ( was ) . 
  eventually i apologized after , we came to peace , concluded that is was because of irl shit and got offered to come back but i declined as i aimed for a more serious clan . 
  nph-a - some guy tked me in fucking clan wars ( coz he thought i blocked someone ) . 
  i left immediately . 
  hhr-g - i did not have a tier 10 in that time , yet i was required to come to ts cw channel all day , so eventually i let them kick me . 
  why the fuck was i needed there . . 
  qsf-e - during the cw campaign we had around 10-15 people hovering around the 15k mark so naturally , greed poisoned the whole clan , as well as inadequate leadership and tc . 
  i left after campaign, 
  do you have any previous clan wars experience : yes , with qsf-e though , so we lost most of the time . 
  why do you want to join rddt : i want a serious clan for once ... 
  what are your favourite tanks and why :, 
  e-25 - coz i like to abuse camo and dpm, 
  t-67 - same , although probably wont play it anymore because of td nerf, 
  261 - surprising in many aspects , an unique arty, 
  i also loved the russian med and 268 line ( on tier 9 on both ), 
  what other games do you play :, 
  diablo 2 ( eastern sun mod ) , hearthstone , minecraft , and chess online . 
  ps : i dont want to apply in the wot site for obvious reason : maybe its futile anyway . 
  i got a 261 in my garage atm , and farming my credits for is-7 which i already have a 4 skill crew for . 
  also can rebuy the wte100 instead if need to . 
  hi there , i am playing a character that requires a lot of pre-planning because i want to play it so that it always passes every check it meets ( for example the 25 explosives check at easy pete so i can get his dynamite for the fight ) , picks every lock it meets etc. 
  she also maxes out character points ( with the exception of small frame , i took fast shot instead because i like using vats ) . 
  this means , that basically , during the first few hours of gameplay i want to pickpocket ncr troops for 50 dog tags then kill benny so i can get vulpes to invite me to caesar , so i can talk to <forgot\u00a0his\u00a0name to offer me the key to the legion safehouse , so i can obtain lucky shades . 
  lucky shades is very important to this character since it offers 3 character points wearable ( 1 luck , 2 per ) , but for this to work i need four eyes as a trait , but that is useless until i get lucky shades ( well not useless but you get the idea . . 
  i took skilled to have most of my skills on 25 so i dont need to put points into useless early skills like explosives ), 
  therefore , after i obtain lucky shades , i want to complete old world blues to be able to reset skilled to four eyes . 
  but , i want to also play out owb to maximum , meaning if there is a shortcut to something with a speech check , or a way to complete a quest by having x % on a skill ( just like you can instantly complete the primm sheriff quest by having 35 science ) , i want to take that route . 
  now , i played owb earlier , but i dont remember those skill checks other than an unusually high science one . 
  so my question is : does someone who recently played owb remembers what kind of mid/high skill checks that area has ? 
  i play a few online games ( league of legends , world of tanks for example ), 
  and i got into a financial trouble , so now it looks like i have to take every action i can . 
  i heard about selling accounts every day , in these games ' general chat , or from ppl . 
  all i see in ebay though , is 0 bid accounts . 
  meaning that if someone ever successfully sell it must be some other medium or private . 
  i realize it might be forbidden , immoral , or illegal , but my stomach cares more about food than morality . 
  what do i do if i want to sell my accounts ? 
  ( my wot one is worth quite a bit imo . ), 
  i 'm stuck on this mission for a while . 
  what tank are you doing it with , and how ? 
  261 , and i do 5k dmg a game , and the tier 9 arts the same game , doing 4k gets twice my xp . 
  so figured i need a tier 7-9 arty for this , but which one is better suited for it ? 
  i 've been trying it with the s-51 with the stock gun , firing ap , but i keep flating around 2.5 k dmg ( mission states you need to do top damage on your team , top xp too , and minumum 3k dmg done . ), 
  i 've been wondering now that the missions are out and quite a few tips are well known , can we compile a list together about which tanks are ( statistically ) best for each mission ? 
  for example it is possible to do lt-15 for stug iv in a tier 4 light tank as it is the lowest requirement but i 'm willing to bet that ther arent many people who did it . 
  therefore if one wants to do that mission he needs to grind a tier 5 light at least , but which ? 
  the answer is probably any tier 6 light imo , but even then , each tier 6 light have a different % chance to complete the mission ( i 'm willing to bet the 59-16 is the worst to do that ) . 
  so , let me hear ( read ) your tips : pick a mission and name a tank that can complete it reliably ( as in , worth to grind the tank just for the mission ) !, 
  i 'll try to start . 
  lt 1-12 : any tier 4, 
  lt-14 : any tier 5, 
  lt-15 : any tier 6 ( best is type 64 imo ), 
  mt-1-12 : any tier 4 ( mt-9 probably needs a tier 5 as there arent many ht-s on tier 4 ), 
  mt-13 : platoon : 3-man tier 6 med platoon of good dpm ( cromwell , a-43 , t-34-85 etc. ), 
  solo : probably at least tier 8 ( t69 comes to mind , in a tier 8 game ), 
  mt-14 : any tier 4, 
  mt-15 : any tier 4, 
  more soon , need coffee . 
  hi there ;, 
  just started poe 2 days ago and being a d2 veteran i quite like it . 
  although i was overwhelmed and confused quite a bit . 
  i tried searching for guides , and i found quite a lot , but none adressed my problems , or they were outdated . 
  so apologies in advance if i 'm knocking on the wrong door , but i 'd like some answers to the following questions . 
  they are not in order of importance . 
  how do i make wisdom/portal scrolls in bulk and cheaply ? 
  how do i optimize what items i pick up ? 
  so far i pick up every magic item and sell it without iding , the rares i id then sell . 
  but even this rate i run out of portal scrolls fast . 
  how important passives are ? 
  i was quite okay not spending the first 15 points then i spent them and didnt notice any improvement ( except i got enough str to equip a gem ), 
  can i reset the entire passive tree somehow ? 
  is there any newb-friendly `` cookie cutter '' all-purpose + currency farmer char like cl mf sorce was in d2 ? 
  ( i look for a rather simple char where i can tunnel vision , but i 'm overwhelmed with the skill choices ), 
  i heard mobs are tough in poe . 
  is it worth to go all offense in the passive tree and focus in defense with items ? 
  there are some passive bonuses which you can circumvent with items ( for example there is a passive called blood magic , but you dont need that if you have blood magic support gems with all your skills . 
  my question is ( lets roll with the above example ) if i want to not spend mana at all in the late game , does it worth to pick up these support gems , or just suck it up and live on small mana until i get that passive ( tldr : do lategame builds have some smooth transition to them ? ), 
  does it worth to organize a group for multiplayer early ? 
  i feel like playing some combo team ( idk , tank + dps ? ), 
  but maybe those builds only differ so much later so its only worth it to co-op later in the game ? 
  most important are 1 , 2 , and 4 . 
  my account name is lefexel , i play on the amsterdam ( eu ) server with a ranger named veryclevername .
