  if you are going shroom utility you need cdr and more mpen , so liandrys + morellos seems like the only option as morellos passive works on your shrooms as they already slow so no need for rylais . 
  rylais anyway is a terrible item on teemo as the shrooms already slow and q has the same range as your autos so its better to slow with every auto ( for the price of having 80 less ap , that is ), 
  the problem with hybrid builds is that they sacrifice either utility , survivability , versatility , damage , or they simply fall off late game . 
  remember to buy hurricane with botrk as it applies onhit effects . 
  preferably with mallet + wits end . 
  botrk works better if you combo it with other items, 
  oh so you are playing in premade team ? 
  i guess its ok then . 
  ( especially with malady + boots + liandris providing some mpen ), 
  but in soloq ... just no . 
  where are the houses ? 
  real art is uplifting because it is what the human soul needs . 
  why do artists want to make this earth an even worse place ? 
  iirc we got rp 2 years ago too . 
  i dont really remember . . 
  then you saw the teemo nerfs and you were like aaaawww yihaaaaaa, 
  idk , i play so much yi i memorized the cd so i dont even need to look at skill icons , lol, 
  lol no he was wickedly op on release, 
  you wont be missed . 
  it was like . . 
  lightning !, 
  i owned every eve skin . 
  before remake . 
  how hardcore is that, 
  i got it for 8 bucks you mad ? 
  or that his story is fake . 
  look at flair, 
  much clearer now, 
  fuck im so jelly of people having that skin . 
  once i played vs a human ryze , on the champselect skype was like `` oh well , gg '', 
  if you are korean . 
  cuz that skin will be korean only ( sea or what is the server called ? 
  pff , 3 skins ? 
  i got all the ww ones ( except urf and grey for obvious reasons ), 
  i think its in the holiday stuff with all the skins which arent there either so i guess we sohuld wait for the next patch , 
  they are doing it wrong . 
  really , when people will learn that there is an item called guardian angel . . 
  ^ ( relax im joking ), 
  udyr so much better with it . . :d, 
  probably , but he got compensated with the new pickposket mastery lol . 
  no it was his e that could deny ( it killed a friendly minion ), 
  udyr has no targeted skills or skillshots, 
  so wait , if we got somebodys name in email we are supposed to gift each other ? 
  you must wirte down the new name in a box and if its taken you cant even buy it . 
  no worries . 
  you can even try summoner names without having the rp, 
  trolls are getting less and less creative nowadays . 
  i 'm still waiting for my gift then , lol, 
  `` kurwa good job '' !, 
  i dont understand the talon one . . can you elaborate ? 
  if you dont count twitch , that is, 
   recent nerfs, 
  yorick patch anyone ? 
  anyone ? 
  ^ ( no one ? ), 
  maybe dont build it in the lane phase then . . 
  who said its a damage item, 
  anivia ? 
  thanksgiving is an usa only holiday so i guess eu sales wouldnt be that high . 
  also there is no skin in lol that has a direct holiday reference , of course these are the santa skins but this can be interpreted as us santa ( comes at christmas ) or some other countries has their own `` santa '' coming on dec6 . 
  this wouldbe something equal to potraying jesus in the game or something which is , not really something that riot wants imo, 
  how many losses ? 
  dont even touch them, 
  new skins would be cool though, 
  they updated the walking animation and the original splash art much earlier , way before the rework . 
  so that people who actually like it before eve was remade can feel hipster . 
  fuck yes i use that skin all time . 
  why should they ? 
  i bought all of them because they looked great . . if it were bad , people wouldnt buy them . 
  lol, 
  im curious what skill order you used on eve . . 400 dmg seems fking low . 
  lol, 
  me too, 
  although i have a penta , lol, 
  in short ? 
  long ? 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  haha oh yeah i remember having the same limitation in 2002 , on my campus . . 
  i had 20 gigs free space on my hdd , i went to nearby shop for dvds towrite and when i got back the hdd was full lol, 
  lets do this . . voted . 
  two words :, 
  `` xd '' will net you downvotes . 
  ever heard about reddit engine randomly adding downvotes to confuse spambots ? 
  with 2 warmogs . . man those were the fun times, 
  [ cool story bro ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wawi5usbz4m ), 
  someone mentioning breasts ? 
  and we . . the summoners , as hitler, 
  oh god no , are you that kind of summoner who thinks teemo is an ad carry ? 
  just build locket . . 
  just make it the part of the tanky items . 
  nocturne shouldnt be build full damage anyway, 
  hes has no ad scaling . 
  his e scales with as and thats all . 
  now imagine graves . . 
  ad teemo can go ad carry , but its as troll as ad brand . 
  i meant viable ads . 
  fake as shit ... 
  still, 
  ad teemo sucks , anyone who thinks the same should go take a cold shower . 
  i once went 24/0 as ap caitlyn . . without runes .
