  but abandoned him because he does not snowbal as hard as riven or gp , and when he is behind it 's really hard to come back . 
  also not a really soloq champ in terms of skillset , his ult is really good for ganks but the initiation value is low, 
  i dont wonder :d, 
  jungle kat ? 
  however , in late game you can cause some serious bullshit damage with tiamat especially if you have the comp for it ( amumu , orianna , etc. ), 
  when i play nasus i always get tiamat at one point , usually after maxing cdr or after mallet . 
  my build usually go philo -  glacial -  mercs -  phage -  shurelyas -  fh then tiamat or mallet . 
  in crowded fights , especially if the ad carry ( main target ) is so out of position that he is next to the ap carry ( other main target ) its such a good feeling killing both with 1 q :d, 
  tiamat full crit nasus with crit dmg % runes and ie gogogo 5k :d, 
  poe 's law at its finest . 
   you ks me and i 'll report you, 
  ftfy, 
  or huekaiser, 
  prove it . 
  you are the one who wants to prove lol, 
  so much diamond blocks wow you are fking rich, 
  is it vanilla btw ? 
  not only viable but the only way to play her . 
  she has carrylike ratios and jungle doesnt get enough farm . 
  plus , no utility makes a poor jungler . 
  idk man i push hard with eve pre6 too . . 
  reminds me of rietveld 's works . 
  beautiful deconstructivism, 
  i have the same intention , maybe group up ? 
  and so it started :d, 
  is that you ? 
  im not sure but i think this is a case of whoooooooosh right there, 
  yo ho ho critplankk disagrees, 
  the dude is so epic ... has a pistol and a sword , doesnt care just shoot the mofos and eat oranges ... 
  jungle vayne is pretty fun too . . lol . 
  her kit is all about ganking, 
  np , poes law in action , 
  true :d, 
  that is the moment i pray that the passive + executioners dot kills them later, 
  so ... jungle singed ? 
  also starchild gangplank eating bananas instead of oranges ? 
  ult can be starfall lol, 
  you both should just switch off the computer for a few days ... honestly, 
  posts like this make me jelly i dont have a beta key :(, 
  gentleman yi legendary skin plz plz, 
  also kog, 
  i would buy the shit out of anything that counts how many teemos i killed . 
  with the magazine arctic skin ? 
  ( that doesnt count as free imo ), 
  aaaaaaaaaaaand there goes your karma, 
  meh , e is not the best part of the combo anyway , plus new voidlings are smarter . 
  malz jsut have to land an aa before comboing so voidlings prioritize you . 
  on gp i parrrrrrley and immediately get creep aggro so i retreat to shake it off . 
  then back to csing . 
  5 seconds later , repeat . 
  free harass . 
  second picture has so much atmosphere , love it , good job, 
  how dare you say captain yarrrrplank is pitiful, 
  you scum, 
  `` okay that vayne has 4k gold , this next teamfight gon na decide the game for sure . . i bet she gon na snowball hard '', 
  `` what the fuck ?? '', 
  as a gp main ( besides my midget hooker < 3 ) i approve . 
  by that i mean holy shit, 
  garen, 
  you might wan na delete your comment, 
  not only flash , vlakyrie too . 
  you could valk out of warwick ulti ... 
  yes it did . 
  do some research before stating false things . 
  edit : lost my faith in reddit, 
  bad joke is bad, 
  maybe . . 
  he scales to late game very good after all, 
  rediscovered eve < 3, 
  * im so sorry darling ... im yours again *, 
  if you saw his panth guide ... my comment is a reference to it e_e, 
  lol that triple, 
  now you dont , but these spells used to negate damage from particles . 
  i remember sions being useless coz i dodged every stun with flash lol, 
  posts like this , are two-faced for me . 
  first i like the fact that there are girls your type ( others , and your comments pretty much described you ) on reddit and in the world . 
  but i also sad that you probably live very far . 
  i 'm very finical ( is that the right word ? ), 
  when it comes saying nice things to people , so basically i feel like you are one of the very few people i would talk to , at the first sight . 
  i dont think you are extreme in any ways ( including beauty ) but the photos , especially the 4th , and the fact thtat you are a redditor , plus your comments , show that you might have something in the inside that very few people have ( something that i appreciate so much ) . 
  ( let me refrain myself from suave comments here , would be so hypocritical ( is that the right word ? 
  i 'm not native english ... ), 
  though ineffective, 
  my first language is hungarian but my english teacher in highschool ( may she rest in peace ) made me obsessed with english so thats why i `` watch my words '' . 
  i actually think in english sometimes . 
  by the way i thought a bit more about you . 
  i like your character , or at least what i see in you , i believe it 's called sympathy , 
  whoah this already sounds cheesy ... 
  edit : sympathy !, 
  never going to reddit + beer ... 
  haha , me ? 
  no , it was reginald :(, 
  but you may be true . 
  sorry im too drunk right now to make statements but eh . 
  friends ? 
  if i can be with my significant other i wont need this heaven . 
  you mean a dick, 
  masquerade eve ( dem titties ), 
  are you german ? 
  where is eve ?
