  what did he say ? 
  sorry , irl i come from a family/community which handles this thing very light-heartedly and tolerantly so . . yeah, 
  i learn something every day !, 
  , just to make it clear , i 'm an agnostic ), 
  hp quints   armor quints, 
  visualizing a raging transsexual cow slapping me as i fly , made me smile , 
  well boots + rabadon + voidi consider are a must . 
  i grab ga for defense against burst . 
  i usually rush tear to chalice , then rush rab , after that i finish my athenes then seraphs . 
  dont forget ms quints . 
  often times you cant do a full qwer combo because of the long cast animations , so i usually q , then walk closer and wr , the ms helps me to e them if they arent dead . 
  also liandrys might be useful but you need some manaregen/cdr so at least a moreloos/athenes is necessary , and the tear upgrade is just too good . 
  i cant swap out anything for liandris . 
  also after tear chalice , for midgame dmg you need to rush large rod else you will do way less dmg for a combo . 
  to add to that , these tactics are expanded a lot when you play ap shaco, 
  oh and also , 1shotting enemies with dfg-e lichbane proc is just an awesome feeling . 
  3 day . . max, 
  / r/summonerschool or / r/leagueoflegendsmeta will help you faster , and better . 
  for people who do n't get it , the strange letters are the notation of three chess moves , the defining ( first 3 ) steps of the king 's gambit , a very popular but risky opening . 
  not worth the price still , early game it does less damage , lategame you are better with something like a ga. 
  they need to buff the ap ratio imo, 
  indeed it is not popular there , however where i played ( 1400-1800 ) people play it all day hoping that they know the many traps hidden there so they can catch the opponent off-guard . 
  yeah , wonder if urgot takes 1k magic dmg too . . 
  just a stylish comparison to the events i suppose . 
  kog ` maw approves, 
  take *, 
  imagine steel legion galio, 
  now imagine brand . . 
  and soraka passive on enemy laner . 
  although i dont think i need to fear from a soraka gank . 
  idk , cage + e seems like a great peel, 
  you sir , might have just produced the best random comment of the month . 
  i play 50 games in 4 days . . sometimes 3, 
  noooooo masquerade eve is actually the best skin ever !, 
  do i know you ? 
  -- which he obtains at like , level 13 ? 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  even better , annie ad , way higher range , and free stuns !!, 
  lol, 
  yeah every teamfight every champ is over 1500 hp at all times . . 
  not sure ?? 
  i do it on malzahar , as a 6th item , if i 'm fed and the team is behind ( happens a lot ), 
  i maybe bad . 
  but i feel good too, 
  indeed . 
  so many `` smurfs '' claim it to go mid then build deathcap on ryze , or stack aa staff on gragas . 
  on a side note i found many good examples as well , a guy with tp ignite leblanc , i though hes trolling , but his builds/scores were so good i decided to coopreate and go tank eve just to make more plays for him to win the game faster . 
  how about thresh ... 
  not even that , if he just turns on psn and never turns it off it still stacks tear , like amumu w , karthus e or swain r, 
  proof pls ? 
  what ? 
  none , champselect.net is really bad, 
  yup , about 85 % , or more, 
  and mundo , he benefits it too much !, 
  bigfatjiji on roaming eve . . damn i miss the roam meta, 
  who never got gold . 
  lol, 
  but that would require * getting on his level *, 
  well not in soloq ^ ^, 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  i dont understand the brnad one , wan na elaborate pls ? 
  man thats a cruel joke then, 
  but then again , 9/11 corki . . 
  try to add muffit on euw , he is 2k atm , mains jungle and super friendly and helpful . 
  edit : tell him wakka sent u :d, 
  thanks for the info :(, 
  came here to say this accompanied by a big ** duh **, 
  revive tp flash . . wat, 
  thats 3 summoners, 
  fuck , i i realized that too late :d, 
  ap/on-hit thresh should be very good lategame , . 
  his q passive works like nasus q , except it scales with attackspeed too, 
  ( he gets 1 magic dmg every attack with each soul ), 
  it is a flat steroid so if you buy as you do more dmg . 
  . . so it does . 
  yeah you build ie lw bc bt now what ? 
  lol, 
  passive : eve, 
  q : deveastating blow ( poppy ), 
  w : bear stance, 
  e : leap, 
  special forces gp 's q, 
  man its so easier to last hit/cancel aa with it , than the base model ... 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's victor horta 's work but im lazy to google it . 
  i think its the giants belt nerf, 
  they probably downvote you because this exact video has been posted and upvoted to the front page not so long ago . 
  and `` everyone '' hates reposters, 
  ( the video itself is like months old and got posted like 5 times at least btw ), 
  why should it be ? 
  i was playing soraka support and the enemy cassio wouldnt shut up spamming verbal harass in all chat . 
  in a baron fight i said in chat `` stfu '' and silenced her , she got instagibbed and never said anything else afterwards ^ ^, 
  dude , dont even think about it . . fucking dodge and move on . 
  ^ ( source : 3k ranked games in the 1000-1400 range ), 
  good luck trying , i would n't assure you will do it if i were you . 
  many tried , so much of them failed , you would be better off getting wiewers if you would do it first then submit vods . 
  i play it to be better . 
  and i indeed become a better person by playing soloq ranked every day . 
  i dont care if i lose , if i made one preson happy ( by , for example , teaching him something ) , then its worth the elo loss . 
  on the other hand i like elo too . 
  i play to win , but i value `` human things '' more .
