  i 'm going to have to buy gold in order to separate upvotes because i agree and upvotes because it made me laugh :d, 
  that still doesnt automatically gives you rights to act loke a fucking asshole . 
  [ ehh ] ( http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/78/78be62f68a84116500dd40052c820fbed5ab2831658d6cd3c0836c110d35a88c.jpg ), 
  they are relatively cheap ( in lambo scale , that is ) if you go for the poor condition ones , then you just have to renovate them :d, 
  i still prefer the trademark lamo yellow, 
  su-85 with 152 mm heat for maximum derpage . 
  ( although the 85mm is also very good for camo abuse sniping imo ), 
  some tanks others didnt mention :, 
  loltraktor ( stock gun = best accuracy ), 
  arl v39 ( 105 has 330 alpha on gold ammo , downside is the cost but its really good with its pen and dpm on tier 6 , really makes up for the shitty armor and traverse ), 
  leopard ( with 5 cm gold ammo you are a dpm machine ), 
  t40 - it 's all about the derp, 
  su-85 - 122 mm heat makes you feel like a su100, 
  yes , i typoed . 
  gon na leave it for completions sake, 
  mm didnt see that , looks very nice . 
  maybe some darker version mmmmmmmmmmm, 
  have you tried to understand my post ? 
  coz it makes no sense, 
  try to replicate the bug in a custom game then, 
  duplo doesnt have these colours . . 
  [ tipping intensifies ], 
  yeah he maybe had an internet connection problem ? 
  people blame so easily . . 
  nice , so i can put my wtf crew to my jag88, 
  ... wait i dont have those tanks ; _ ;, 
  false , you can pen the two black things at the front and the top of the turret, 
  ... not indiana jones ? 
  damn learn the reference if you wan na make it, 
  yeah 600 years before the bith of the orthodox church lol, 
  it makes sense this way , thanks for clarifying . 
  also, 
   not sure if you play league, 
  http://www.reddit.com/user/wakka_bot/ then you can click on `` karma breakdown by subreddit '' on the right sidebar . 
  oops , fail . . 
  o well . 
  it would show that most of my karma ( 13k/15k ) comes from / r/leagueoflegends , although i rarely visit anymore because i 'm done with that game, 
  care to elaborate why do you think is6 is `` not a right premium tank '' ? 
  i 'm curious about your opinion . 
  i thought all of this is overshadowed by the fact that the bad aim time doesnt let you aim for weakspots at midrange and on some maps you just cant go brawl ( sand river comes to mind ) , and that you dont have enough pen to snipe . 
  looks like i was wrong ? 
  either way i have much to learn to optimize my is6 - thanks for the insight . 
  i wish i had your problems, 
  erm no , not really, 
  and hoverblade irelia, 
  on the map i see a td in the `` early spotting bush '' , was he not spotting the mice before you could encounter them ? 
  i usually go right in that bush before and spot anything that would meet my allies at middle . 
  i do this with slow tanks too, 
  how about go fuck yourself for judging people based on a single question ( which isnt even idiotic by the way ) . 
  what if i jsut want to be a bit nice to my fellow countrymen ? 
  is that bothering you ? 
  well fucking mute me then , or quit playing this game . 
  you wont change anything , so better just deal with it !, 
  just because it doesnt make sense for you doesnt make them an idiot . 
  try to learn some empathy . 
  i am trying to be nice to everyone ( `` gl hf '' and things ) but at least i have something common with my countrymen so that is something to start a conversation with . 
  what if i 'm using wot because im lonely, 
  similar , but way easier . 
  half of the xp in the same timespan and you can use any vehicles , meaning you can buy 2-3 tanks from every country and only play them for daily doubles . 
  i doubt it for reasons stated in this thread , but seeing as the is6 mission was also not intended to be worldwide first ( i think it was to celebrate 1 year anniversary of korean server ? ), 
  i think na and eu gets something similar . 
  i just hope its not the sexton ii again lol, 
  i heard somewhere that `` if you see a retard around you , he is a retard . 
  if you see a lot of retards around you , you are the retard '' . 
  my t71 mastery badge was quite the opposite . 
  - north spawn, 
  - rush f5 , activate binos, 
  - grab a beer, 
  - grab another, 
  - collect free scout + patrol duty . 
  had 10.5 k spot damage that game :d, 
  they probably hate you because they are jealous . . 
  either at you or at the newbies that got goodies, 
  honestly , i see no problem giving newbies tanks , not even higher tier . 
  first of all , and that is most of the haters dont realize , is that in the longer run matchmaking balances it out , meaning if you lost a game because of a nub on your team then you probably won a game somewhere for the same reason . 
  if i recall correctly you hand out free tanks for people ? 
  i dont see why that wouldnt be a bad idea . 
  i can list two or three reasons why it can be good though . 
  on low levels and first few thousands of games you might not play the style you want . 
  there arent real dedicated enjoyable heavy tanks before tier 5 and superheavies start at tier 7 ( kv-3 i think ) so if the only thing that makes you play the game is the desire to obtain one then you might lose interest before you reach that goal , and if you gift them one of these tanks ( kv5 , is6 ) they might begin to enjoy the game again . 
  another reason , gift ( premium ) tanks generate more credit and i think its a widely known thing that without premium tanks or premium acc it is very hard to maintain a healthy credit balance on your account . 
  my brother has a tier 9 and rarely even plays it because he doesnt have a prem acc or tank , and he has to play like 4-5 lowtier games to even have enough credit to repair his jagdtiger for one game ! . 
  so if you give a prem tank to these kind of people you made their game somewhat enjoayble . 
  i might say i 'm speakiing of experience because before i grinded my is-6 with the mission i used kv1 and kv1s for credit making , it was kinda painful being forced to play a certain tank just to be able to play . 
  i 'm much more of a td person and i still feel restricted when i play the is6 , its just less because i dont have to play it 5 hours a day to have enough credits for my needs . 
  ( still i dont wan na think about what will happen when i will need 6.5 mil for my first tier 10 lol ), 
  all in all you are giving these guys a bit more space ( freedom , if you like ) and thats a positive thing . 
  i respect you for that . 
  i always have a `` main tank '' that i grind and fantasize about when i load in . 
  currently it 's the wt auf pz . 
  back then it was the su-14-2 . 
  nowadays given the time i can afford to play the game i 'm somewhat running out of credit so unless i force myself to play the is6 my `` main tank '' will be the fv304 . 
  with scout : mountain pass ( feel like i never got support in the river ), 
  with arty : himmelsdorf because i mainly play russian arties, 
  with heavy : komarin, 
  with td : redshire and himmelsdorf ( because i play paper tds ), 
  coming from lol ? 
  well it better stay it that way then :d, 
  lol soloqueue is the worst shit ever . 
  no , i dont believe skill level increases with tier .
