  jagged alliance series ( old as shit ), 
  can confirm on azir, 
  also patton , cromwell , etc. 
  hey !, 
  and udyr, 
  then how old is leekspin in internet time, 
  gl on your finals :d, 
  or just go toplane malz with smite lol, 
  well yaeh but realistically they couldnt get this close, 
   they 're not like riot where is strictly profit before players . 
  yet a wheelchair corki will never happen, 
  ayyy those were the good old days of ap cait arams, 
  luckily he wasnt going for the kill though , only push, 
  i dont speak danish but the woman pictured is fucking ugly, 
  i dont speak danish but the woman pictured is fucking ugly, 
  as if only valuable insight is what you expect when you go on reddit ... 
  ayyy good old dfg midlane eve, 
  whaat waaas thaaaaat, 
  you sound like a nasus enthusiast which i can respect , 
  on a totally unrelated note , what do you think of maxing e first and rushing liandris ? 
  then double pd after , on kog , ayyyy, 
  yup . 
  japanese people offended a lot of the chinese in the past . . just look up nanking ( im sorry to whoever actually does . . ), 
  forgive my ignorance but what is ct in this case ? 
  that eve is the sam echampion except she is not an assasin anymore ? 
  of course its not . 
  but right now most ppl think about her and play her as a sticky juggernaut-thingy with rylais and perhaps liandris into tank . 
  i play her as an assasin tho ] ( http://bluebaron.net/#/profile/36620225/eune ), 
  what do i know though , im only g3, 
  hahaha , wishful thinking, 
  / r/retiredusername ? 
  . . of cum, 
  well i mean if the mouse has like 5 buttons then its ok . 
  mods are shit kappa, 
  ahem . 
  im dying a lot , in exhange for kills . 
  i am playign a bursty eve with 14 kills per game average . 
  my build is sheen rush , then revolver , then finish jungle item , then whatever my gold provides , usually gunblade then lichbane . 
  gunblade helps a lot , amazing sustain , and burst with active . 
  ( i usually go nashors and voidstaff after . ), 
  absolute bullshit, 
  it gives amazing damage, 
  if your burst is frontloaded ,, 
  goldeneye ? 
  not w3d ? 
  not doom , quake , not ut ? 
  i think he is speaking about the approach to the game, 
  it wasnt earlier than w3d tho . 
  also doom and w3d was shareware mate . 
  estimated around more like tens of million of users . 
  lmao , goldeneye over doom . . srsly man, 
  sorakabot aka blacksteal, 
  awww < 3 i 'm happy for you and your friend, 
  jungle : shaco ( ad or crit ) , otherwise yi , or the fotm brainless shit but last thime that was skarner and that was over in next patch . 
  midlane : evelynn against melees , lux against rangeds and fizz, 
  support : lux, 
  dont you mean heil ? 
  ap glass cannon all the way baby . 
  rush ludens , sheen inbetweem , then gunblade -  lich into situational ( but almost always voidstaff and dcap or nash ), 
  exactly the same as my jungler build . 
  requires heavy push/roam after you got ulti or level 7-9, 
  voidstaff gives ap which boosts her e, 
  thunderlords , lichbane , gunblade , ludens , nashors and q damage are also magic . 
  the only phyiscal damage is the e which is around 600-800 . 
  not good , but given that her burst is around 2k + ( not counting ulti ) , void is better . 
  also since against tanks who you cant oneshot you have to spam q which is magic . 
  sure they are, 
  learn to kite instead, 
  lmao, 
  he should be okay though , with a soraka , no ? 
  against a favorable matchup for example braum vayne, 
  lol i hear ya , even when i am playingsupport i feel like doing 99 % of the work botlane so i just pick lux or brand coz usually the adc doesnt even bother trading lol ( gold elo ), 
  uhm but blue shit is magic so . . industrial magic and magic ? 
  is that true ? 
  i mean as a gold 5 player i could duo with gold 1 and plat 1 and silver 5, 
  holy shit , get help, 
   how hard can it be to behave nicely ? 
  very fucking hard if dealing with morons, 
  ap or tank ? 
  the play blitz . 
  as ap, 
   which team will fill tip 's hole ? 
  all of them, 
  isnt that song is basically the mj version sped up 1.25 x ? 
  im playing with ppl who , judging by their mental age , could be my children . . fml, 
  smells like 4chan, 
  think of the spook, 
  su-100y is tier 6 but derpy as fuck, 
  for comparison almost everything is 4x cheaper in hungary than dk, 
  and a 260 % winrate ? 
  i like how you preserved their facial expressions, 
  just imagine a ladder of dicks, 
  or just shield tha other ad based hero , like a rengar / darius, 
  woosh, 
  i dont see why would you give up easy pre 6 ganks and counterganks with eve . 
  i mean at level 3 you are stronger than most of the champs on the map cause of buffs . . 
  usually a gank at least gets the enemy so low they have to recall , so you can push with your laner ( = exp n gold ) to the enemy tower to reset . 
  also counterjungle is possible if you got partners who can rush to your help . 
  or you can do just trolly shit like smite stealing gromp level 1 and deny them a whole level for free . 
  empire in mine,
