  some games you just do nothing . 
  in e25 , at the very least , you can scout every game . 
  even in tier 10 games actually . 
  ( i tried platooning with tier 9-10 tanks and even though i got less damage done , the spotting increased my credit income by a significant amount . 
  in a tier 10 game in malinovka , i got 120k credits without firing a single shell ( that was pre map rework though , when you could park on f5 and collect free patrol duty ), 
  i wouldnt say it 's useless . 
  elc used to get tier 9 games before a certain patch and i had great ace tankers in t9 games with it . 
  122-44 has same pen , similar type of gameplay , just a little worse camo and wiewrange . 
  so 175 pen is definitely enough to do well in a t9 match , you just have to be more careful in choosing what flank you go . 
  in tier 7 you can brawl with the heavies , in t8-9 you are restricted to flanking . 
  in that game i had vents , binocs , bia , recon and situational awareness , so i was just as good scout as a 1390 , and pre-rework malinovka was easy to scout . 
  i had about 8k spot dmg . 
  it was an exceptional game though . 
  as i said i average about 50k in my e25 , per game , but that take into account games like tier 8 himmelsdorf where i cant do much . 
  try watching replays or videos/streams . 
  knowing where you can go and what you can shoot from there , each map , is half of the knowledge in this game . 
  figuring out for youself can be a long a frustrating process . 
  i have 1900 games in e25 for example but i still dont know what i should do in severogorsk , but in malinovka or lakeville i smile in the loading screen and prepare myself for unicum wn8 :d, 
  turbo hetzer !!, 
  is3 , is6 ( really nice aesthetics imo ), 
  leo 1 ( looks like a sports car ), 
  su-122-54 ( looks very badass ), 
  pre - hd is7 with the badass mg on turret, 
  edit : honorable mention : stock arl 44, 
  yes there is , im looking to install it once i farm enough credits for my is7, 
  gallipoli , the film with mel gibson is pretty much about this , iirc, 
  nb5 + ka6, 
  i 'll trade you a spershing for it ( i mean the code . ), 
  even before nerf the wt auf pz 4 had more dpm , so . . now the difference is even larger . 
  i 'd say keep the wtpz4 and buy the wt auf e100 if your clan needs it or something . 
  lol camouflage on kv2, 
  yea exactly . 
  t67 's power is mostly coming from vision abuse , not the power of the gun ( that is good too , but wolverine has a better gun and look how bad it looks compared to t67 ), 
  not bad , but also probably not very fun compared to other tanks , perhaps . 
  although i do agree the brit tanks are good , they require knowledge . 
  for example the gun on the comet has piss poor penetration ( 140 iirc ? ), 
  so it kinda forces you to aim for weakspots , and a `` newb '' perhaps shouldnt be forced to do that on the first tank line it encounters . 
  ( because it 's a complex thing to learn for yourself - i remember not being able to do that for a long time ), 
  but you got a 260 #worth, 
  oh okay , my bad then, 
  tetrarch is a treasure of a tank , i doubt there are people giving them out for free . 
  that said i wouldnt say no to one either , i just dont think we 'll get one ever . 
  e-25 needs understanding of several advanced game mechanics ( camo , spotting , restealth etc ) to be able to play successfully , also you probably need to grindd a german td line because otherwise you are going to waste a crew in it . 
  i would say you should wait until you get to tier 8 with a tank line ( i recommend the rhm borsig because it has somewhat similar playstyle and you can put your rhm crew to the e25 without penalty ) and then buy a premium tank . 
  i did !, 
  i have several games in the wte100 , i just sold it to buy other tanks . 
  i also played the other two in the test server . 
  will give it a look , thanks, 
  its not a problem for me to equip a tier 6 or 8 cw tank , or even research it ( i got about 370k free xp at my disposal if we count my gold ) and i have experience on a lot of them , just look at my played tanks . 
  keep in mind i have huge xvm camo because i was a shitlord for at least 10k games , and i also tanked my wn8 with arty even when i was better . 
  i average 2200 wn8 recently on non-arty and 1400 with arty ... 
  edit : qsf is closed in all sister clans except for main qsf . 
  i know , i just meant i 'm not a complete stranger to the tank . 
  you use the derp on it and see what happens :d, 
  nice !, 
  what channel ... and who should i talk to ? 
  hello i am a kv2 with a fucking autoloader . 
  ye , but on the forum qsf e registration is closed . . 
  come on . 
  everyone knows its money  . , 
  thanks !, 
  do you think i could apply to qsf-c instead then ? 
  they seem to be more serious about cw . 
  shoot the turret roof lol, 
  you take that back , birch gun is awesome, 
  yup, 
  the replay if anyone curious, 
  oh boy i forgot to ignore you, 
  i use e25 as a credit maker , but noted , thanks . 
  stop assuming i submitted this video for wanking/bragging like you submitted your replay . 
  it was solely for comedy value . 
  you really have to get your head out of your ass . . 
  edit : i appreciate the mentioning of tracking . 
  i 'll try to track him next time , thanks for the tip . 
  possibly a cw or a tc battle where all the enemy tanks just rolled up to him and took all his damage . 
  because i was shaking from adrenaline lol . 
  all i could remember is `` lower plate lower plate lower plate '' in my head . 
  in short , tunnel vision . 
  i needed to dance with him for 2 minutes to cool myself off, 
  its also full of weakspots for anyone with 150 pen, 
  your opinion is just one . 
  not a fact . 
  affect *, 
  it looks like you are the one who is butthurt over me trying to correct you . 
  o well , not gon na happen again . 
  is6 event required to be in top 10 of the team by xp though . 
   low alpha is always a downside, 
  e25 begs to differ, 
  i see , we got definition problems there . . 
  of disadvantage, 
  them eyebrows - . -, 
  i dont shoot gold at all though, 
  on the first glance it seems like your gpu driver might needs updating . 
  bia first for better reload and aim times , then 6th sense on commander and either smooth ride + snap shot , or camo on everyone . 
  400 wrange is not that strong at t10 lol, 
  i got one in my chi-he . 
  although that was in a game where i was the only tier 4 , and the enemy were full tier 6s . 
  so i guess mm derping got me the medal . 
  and hands it over to the t67 player lolol, 
  elcs get into tier 8,
