  now you can pretty much kill anyone except fed tanks . 
  carries drop in 2 seconds to triforce + yoyo , no matter their damage . 
  buy a ga next , you can rush it after finishing triforce , it gives enough offensive power for a while . 
  ga works with ulti passive . 
  next up is infinity edge , last item should be situational depending on enemy team , you may build defense , or offense . 
  good candidates are last whisper , banshee , frozen heart , maw . . if not sure , just buy gunblade or blood thirster . 
  there are several builds , like rageblade-gunblade after triforce , or going full ap after sheen , but these two items - triforce and yoyos - are core on any non-ap eve . 
  ap jungle eve is not so viable imo . 
  ( doesnt transition so well into midgame or endgame ) . 
  for ap eve , go flash ignite and roam . 
  wee then r  e  w  q , taking 1 point in q after you get sheen . 
  if you are interested more in-depth info or tips from an eve mainer , pm me or seek me ingame . 
  ( hok wakka on euw or gaud\u00ed on na ), 
  it is only to get the revive + hp buff , otherwise you couldnt solo the blue on level 2 without any pull . 
  ( well technically you could , but you would lose too much hp ) also it speeds up the jungle and gives a bit more free space since you dont really have to spam pots to keep yourself alive , nor have any defensive runes . 
  you lose some kind of defense , but you gain much more offense . 
  besides , there is a guy named sorakabot who gained rank 1 on eu ladder season 1 by only playing this build . 
  after the nerfs and the jungle remake people thought it 's not doable anymore , but i twisted it a bit , and now it works . 
  also , late game revive can turn around games . 
  i do n't have replay , but there exist some old videos of people doing it . 
  things have changed a bit , but they can give you a feel . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytdzumo8ybk just an example . 
  plus points if you go twitch + eve for dem ganks oh my god, 
  oh god dem mejais rush, 
  implying ur team can kill them :d, 
  yes it does , dumbshit ... 
  dude , one of them can jungle . 
  he stated its a kill combo . 
  besides , mabe duo bruiser bot . 
  doublelift would love that :d, 
  people play weirdest shit . . like this guy named scarra , played fiora mid not once . 
  edit : looks like you dont undestand this is sarcasm ... 
  or rammus in same team : `` annie , are you ok ? 
  are you ok annie ? '', 
  panth : `` wish i became a baker right now ... '', 
  top : jax , shen , ww , vlad . 
  irelia , rumble seem to have lost some popularity . 
  mid : besides the old ones , meta seems to favor any midlanes to build a bit more tanky , like abyssal rush and stuff . 
  ahri is definitely a top pick now, 
  jungle : nautilus as ccbot-support-tank jungler , just like maokai and alistar . 
  ad : vayne lost popularity , ashe , urgot gained a lot though . 
  varus viable , even on top . 
  support : sona nerfs made her unpopular , even in soloq , now janna/soraka is safe pick , or leona/taric for kill lanes . 
  jungle : mundo got huge buffs , then a bit of nerf , now very strong pick . 
  overall , junglers arent farming much now , gp10 supportish junglers are more played . 
  ( and/or agressive counterjungler like mundo ) wota nerfs made double ap comps worse a bit , now its less popular . 
  dfg now viable on non-mana users since no longer builds from meki . 
  2 new items , maw for ad casters ( lee sin for example ) and athenes for ap mids , both very good items , bot for rushing though . 
  hope this helps . 
  no way ??? 
  and she sucks real hard !, 
  ... if you know what i mean, 
  not late , thanks for the input !, 
  holy balls . 
  as an eve enthusiast , i support this fully , not sure about the exact values , 300 mspd may be too slow , but the wards , the new skillset , the mechanism . . brilliant . 
  ( though i , for one , would miss spamming q proccing sheen all day every day . 
  i feel like my left hand ring finger `` is a lot stronger than '' any other ), 
  admit it , it 's you, 
  dae feels this is / r/lolcirclejerk ? 
  underrated ? 
  they get their dick sucked all day this reddit and gd to ... wtf are you talking about, 
  hink i see what you did there . . 
  and he has a sexy voice . . 
  no homo . 
  ^ actually ... 
  no , it is n't just about the money . . it is the organizer 's dumbshhit behavior . 
  it could all be done on human interaction level , i mean even if mlg rules officially state that they cant go out and take a dump , the managers nearby could just fucking let them go out and everything is okay . . but noooooo, 
  shaco clones refresh the ult though ... it 's funny to ult shaco twice lol, 
  just a side note it 's not the `` us server '' , it 's the na server . 
  big difference . 
  yeah ... remember the time where the rules were that every jew must wear a yellow star ... ? 
  sigh ... 
  eh , he was playing a lot of junglers in soloq, 
  reported for spolier in title, 
  probably they communicated with xhazzard so that nid actually baited noc ult on purpose , to give hotshot time to steal . 
  mechanically it was easy , but a very nice mindgame tactic . 
  wish i saw more ... wp, 
  like anyone has a right to judge hotshot . . lol, 
  lol, 
  downvotes can come from other sources than actual people pressing the downvote button . 
  here is a tip :, 
  watch your jungler 's position in the map , and if he is close , help him if he is getting counterjunglerd , or goes to counterjungle . 
  move to position fast , even sacrificing a whole creep wave fo farmso you can surprise buttsex the enemy jungler . 
  many times this can produce advantageous fights in your favor , at least forcing the enemy jungler out from that side of the map , making your jungler able to get ahead . 
  which means less ganks from the enemy jungler , and possibly more from yours . 
  edit :, 
  another tip . 
  : the current meta is not set in stone , especially in solo queue . 
  depending on the elo level , you and your team can pull off some neat tricks . 
  on lower elo , people can not capitalize on your weaknesses that much , so you can purposefully weaken your team to get an advantage elsewhere . 
  for example , have a good 1v2 bot laner ( urgot with level 1 blue buff on purple team , anyone ? ), 
  and a roamer , so you can have 1v3 gank situations anywhere on the map , resulting in a much higher chance of a successful gank . 
  and that 1v2 lane wo n't be that much of a disadvantage because the enemy support + ad most likely wont know how to abuse their zoning advantage . 
  ^ ( umad eve haters ? ), 
  that was only because the server was one once , and riot knew that some people prefer to play with their old friends, 
  i do n't, 
  lies ? 
  you are only telling us about one lie . 
  excellent moment to capture , i must say, 
  ad sion  anyone who can not one-combo him endgame .
