  yeah one more advice , dont gank on level 2 unless you start on red , level 1 w doesnt slow that much l0l, 
  ap mf works nice in my opinion , instead of q her damage output is w+e . 
  ap trist has insane burst damage with lichbane . 
  ap gangplank heals more than his max hp every 8-10 sec o.o and has also nice q with lichbane . 
  not so effective though , needs to get fed . 
  and yes . 
  revive jungle evelynn < 3333333333, 
  this . 
  taric graves , i just gained 100 elo this way , in one day :d, 
  yup , endgame gp can have so much ap his oranges heal mor than his max hp, 
  revive is for end game fun :d ( think like karthus :d ), 
  imma try it , lets record all the rage i get . . ap or ad ? 
  good idea, 
  lol ur right, 
  upvote for tits, 
  now dodge you elo to 111 :d, 
  join `` uk legends '' ingame chat , full of great british players ( however im not one of them lol ), 
  euw ofc, 
  nope . 
  it used to , but now its not . 
  im doing this with galio . 
  throw a shield on him saving myself from death lol, 
  dorans + pot like the old days :d, 
  i prefer the matrix , k ? 
  i see what you did there  . , 
  why not atmas last ? 
  why not mundo then, 
  lol, 
  i dont even know what the fuck was this . . but i laughed :d, 
  you baited me to play a ranked game ... 
  no you suck for serving a reason to be banned, 
  gank her from behind, 
  ezreal and taric next to each other ... hmm ... 
  i thought its a phantom dancer lol, 
  sound ? 
  yes , ap plank endgame with 700 ap is so funny :d you can 2hit towers ... you can heal for 1.5 k. . lol, 
  i bought graves bundle by the looks . . tested it in ranked . . 7 wins in a row :d, 
  no to mention innervating locket lol, 
  udyr and nidalee : manbeartigerturtlephoenixcougar !, 
  lol : dddd good one, 
  there is no need to buy damage if you are immortal . 
  ionic spark ? 
  grrrr ... i feel offended, 
  probably everyone will build him atmogs triforce anyway lol, 
  or simply be 10 % faster than her, 
  im doing it unintentionally :d, 
  hm , what about picking guys who can play at the pro level , but really not well known ? 
  or maybe from lesser known but potent teams like empire ? 
  . . damn maybe i just want to see yellowpete lol, 
  yeah after reading it once more it became obvious, 
  well , in dominion everyone , mainly carries/assasins tend to forget buying defense or penetration , and they build all damage . 
  in this scenario , warwick , who has hp % scaled damage and sustain , and gets damage by buying defense ( wits end , cdr from frozen heart etc ) , is op because its balanced ... get it ? 
  edit : i play dominion alot , and when i just want to faceroll i always play warwick ( used to play twitch but i felt like hes not good enough ), 
  if my ap carry is a troll i play lux in soloq , poke poke poke and then laz0r faces . 
  later roaming . 
  same with top , then i play gangplank , poke with q ( support starting with brawler gloves lol ) , support with e + ulti on ganks . 
  also , sometimes , when i 'm pissed or duo q with the ad carry , i leave him solo bot and simply roam with evelynn ( my main < 3 ) or basically anything that helps the jungler to gank ( twitch , shaco , alistar , nunu etc ), 
  funny ass name, 
  good enough ? 
  jungle twitch bot !!!!, 
  make it happen, 
  they have fortify too ? 
  once on my game mf bot went 7/0 top and it was a 40 minute game where i worked hard to compensate . . 
  i did it though , with nunu . . got 4 quads on that game :d, 
  the feed or the quads ? 
  yes . 
  too bad they both junglers huh ? 
  i was just kidding , i run blitzstar , ashe nunu botlanes sometimes too ... 
  it 's all okay , the game is converging to a state where are little differences between the champions anyway ... just think about the atmogs triforce fon ga meta ... 
  indeed . 
  for example there are only 3 stlye of ap casters ( all other builds are shit ) :, 
  high base value casters go woa -  rylais -  raba or rylais -  wota -  raba ( like kennen or ahri ), 
  low base value casters like malz rush rabadons then rylais or wota , banshee , void staff . . 
  high mana dependant casters rush tear then go one of the above ways . 
  ... i guess thats why i love ryze , he is so unique . 
  they just have to think outside the box sometimes . 
  what about a support scaling with ad ? 
  a new type of caster that scales , for example , with armor instead of ap ? 
  i 'd gladly forgive them for the disaster called viktor if they 'd make unique champs . . there are so much variety possibilities in this game , but they have `` balance problems '' i guess that makes them want to go the safe way in designing skillsets . 
  btw . 
  what about a character that has q scaling with mana . . w with ap ... e no-cost ... and ultimate that costs hp , for example ? 
  yes . 
  empireeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  holy fucking shit . 
  a full duration nunu ult resulting in a few kills , is one of the best , if not the single best feeling in lol ever . 
  my opinion ( maybe wrong xd ), 
  her kit is better than zilean 's . 
  problem is , played as a caster she has very high skillcap . 
  meaning , that you must be a pr0 to pull it off , and even if you do its just a regular caster , at the same time , with the same skill you can be godlike with kassadin for example , much easier . 
  i can see her as a counter to some champs i guess , for example malzahar/ww/skarner . 
  the problem is , her utility is the same with support items . . so better just go support and have another caster ? 
  well maybe i can see him in some compositions when everything is based around one champ that does the damage , and others are just supporting ( think about yorick zilean kayle vayne shen team ), 
  i realized i was talking with myself , sorry . 
  hope you understood what i wanted to say l0l, 
  heck , garen can jungle easy too . 
  galio too , but hes a bit slow . 
  an lux jungle . . as with all champs , it is possible ( but pointless ) xd, 
  they are making a band . 
  guitar : mord, 
  synth : sona,
