  and dont be rude, 
  was playing an su-122a ( t5 soviet arty ) i was the sole arty in my team , enemy arty being a gwpanther . 
  at the start of the game i move into position as usual , and right when i load the first round in i see that the first enemy spotted . . is the gwp . 
  i guess he didnt have 6th sense either because the obvious shot killed him about 20 seconds after he vanished from the map ... serves him right for seeking a hiding spot right ahead of our scouts lol, 
  he didnt talk at all . 
  understandable , i wouldnt either . 
  he got spotted from a very far distance so it must have been a very big fault to stand in that place - or our hellcat was a genius . 
  i bet you will !, 
  ha ha hahaha haaa ... 
  and to win more useless ip ? 
  isnt it against redditiquette to make useless comments ? 
  no , the best line is `` time to feeeeeeeeeed '', 
  galio x caitlyn rule34 incoming, 
  nothing is sure except death and rule34, 
  yeah right :d, 
  this . . is . . beautiful . 
  and 41 , while we are at it . 
  no i am on ne because i live in east and west servers are shit ... 
  reminds me of mucha . 
  beautiful . 
  ^ ^ would ^ ^ buy ^ ^ original ^ ^ piece ^ ^ if ^ ^ i ^ ^ had ^ ^ money . 
  feeling like trinity . . o wait, 
  champions that can abuse enemy mistakes . 
  enemy doesnt farm well ? 
  if you have a champ that can autofarm ( karthus anivia malz trynd etc ) you have advantage . 
  enemy has poke team ? 
  if you have strong engage ( amumu malph ) you most likely gon na win a team fight . 
  enemy has bad duelers ? 
  splitpush . 
  my most fun champ to carry with , is crit plank though . 
  ls quints and cdr/level blues . 
  you dont need boots , you dont need lifesteal , all you need is to build a triforce + shiv + ie+lw and then i usually buy another ie and a yoyos , just to max out crit chance and cdr ( with bluepot ) . 
  critting for 1700 every 3 sec is fun . 
  what the hell took 10 minutes on google ? 
  if i am an arty player and someone pushes me out of my spot whre i cant climb back ( lets say mountain pass or sacred valley ) i fucking shoot him . . 
  once i had someone fucking track me and take me down to 20 hp by ramming when i played an arty this way . 
  its worth the tk . 
  so ... exactly like world of tanks clans ? 
  indeed , i plan to live there in a shitty 6th story rented apartment but hte wiew will worth it :d, 
  im poor as fuck , i 'll probably rent out an apartment with a few other guys and split the cost this way . 
  i dont think i will be able to play more them 30k fts which is like 150 dollars . 
  so splitting a 120k apartment 4way is my only option, 
  eve can better snowball early if he focuses on the other jungler instead of ganking . 
  level 2-3 she outduoels everyone except voilbear/udyr ... 
  but its a maus lol, 
  i dont wan na be pessimistic but i think we will see this in / r/thathappened real soon, 
  now that you mention it , yeah . . time to unsub, 
  i always felt the derpgun on the kv1 is `` too good '' for his tier , i mean i would rather trade it for a little bit more armor to train myself to play the style of higher tier tanks . . kv220 just seems to be my kind of tank . 
  too bad i have no money for even new shoes . . just when i am about to love this game  . <, 
  any hopes this tank will be available later ? 
  wraith is uselss on her because her main damage output is q spam therefore spellvamp doesnt mean much , you heal more with more pots . 
  you go either golem or leave it at spirit, 
  fuck you . . 
  fuck my life . 
  not only it turned out i wont be getting anything this christmas , i got just a bit late to this thread . . as always ... i think i have a curse or something . 
  he says `` thank you for the codes '' ... 
  used the 9th code for my little brother , thanks, 
  haha yeah . . stealing the neighbors wifi from our garden ... at 3 am ... winter . . jsut to play tds . . fuck yeah worth it :d, 
  awww , dont be so negative . 
  i usually have removed speed governor on my kv1 and 100 % crew so i have absolutely no problems destroying kv220s . 
  and if he is in front of me i just angle . 
  how do you get those images ? 
  yeah its anonymous but the person will probably know that you are going to send a present so it doesnt matter . 
  i play 120 + battles a day , is that so special ? 
  i 'm ** lefexel ** on eu . 
  great idea to do this by the way , the comments really show the maturity of the community ( at least compared to the lol community which i am originally from ), 
  another really weak point of this tank that the turret traverse is very slow , much slower than the kv1 ( dont know the exact values ) . 
  therefore tanks that can run in circles around you have an easy time . 
  and since you are a slow heavy , that means all the lights , mediums and sometimes heavies . 
  kv-1 with removed speed governor for example . 
  also the armor is not that good if they have time to aim . 
  i think ( i dont kave the kv220 ) many people are trying to play it as a frontline heavy spearheading the attacks but its not good for that , i think its a secondary tank much like the kv-5 . 
  wow . 
  first half of the post looked like there will be a huge rant at the end but i read something valuable . 
  whille i think the same i dont think many people realize this so your post is highly appreciated and everyone should read it . 
  just a coincidence . 
  thanks , so no need to worry i possibly get merch or any stuff related to a game i used to love but now despise :(, 
  how to get it then ? 
  it is my dream tank atm ( along with type59 but . . yeah ), 
  man , this is the reason i hope trolls avoid redditgifts . 
  i 'm a realist though . 
  awww i dont really wan na buy 4 t-shirts for a tank lol, 
  no no no . 
  luchs is awesome . 
  highest turning speed ever , great mobility and nice pen for its tier . 
  if you get tier 4 games you are a monster capable of getting many kills . 
  in higher tier games you have to be a bit more passive thats it . 
  but with the tier 5 gun ( the machinegun ) you can pen most tier 6-7 even some 8 tanks form behind ( huehue ) so its fun to play with so much trololo potential !, 
  i had my ace mastery game in a tier 7 match with having 4 kills , i admit that compared to other scouts its unusual to play but its fun noetheless !, 
  is n't that is what counts ? 
  also , m40, 
  marder 38 is basically a pimped marder2 and personally i dont think its worth the higher tier , meaning the marder2 is better in its own tier than the marder38 . 
  not to mention that the pak40 is basically a marder38 with no engine and 1 tier lower ... 
  i dont think the guy sayis `` mom i want an 55 dollar tank '' . 
  he said exactly what tank he needs and mom looked after it , thats why she knows ... 
  i got 44ish % winrate on the kv1 . 
  but i absolutlely love that tank , i have 2 top guns , ace mastery , and when i need a win i use this tank because i feel most comfortable playing it . 
  but somehow in the long run there was more losses , i dont know . 
  maybe because i was bad back then, 
  in this case wait untill all of your teammates die and the enemy yolohunts you .
