  basically , search for jordan peterson on youtube . 
  he has a lot of political themed stuff which you can safely ignore , but he says a lot of deep , meaningful stuff which is very valuable . 
  listening to happy nightcore and watching anime also helped me but i do n't think it 's universal :d, 
  does it matter ? 
  i got masquerade eve . 
  was evelynn bot before, 
  i do n't really plan - i just play eve whenever i feel like it . 
  you can have your opinion, 
  i think he thought we mocked him too much for his shittier posts lately . 
  holy shit what a terrible video, 
  be careful not to cut yourself on that endge m8, 
  there is nothing stopping you :d, 
  not much color ... needs some, 
  csiiiiiiip, 
  so , i read many times that people do n't like new patch and would rather play on the one before it . 
  or when a champion is getting nerfed to oblivion ( morde , vlad , eve ) then they just simply quit playing it an wish to get the old times back . 
  i had an idea . 
  ** what about putting up secondary , smaller servers ** ( maybe on the existing servers , virtually , i 'm not really into computer science stuff ) ** that has all , or at least the popularly demanded previous patches installed on them ? 
  think about it , you play a lot of current patch but suddenly you feel nostalgia and log out , choose the old patch realm and choose some older patch and begin stacking sunfires on twitch for fun :d ( come on , i know that lol is more balanced now , but balance changes really killed a lot of fun builds and strategies ! ), 
  personally , i think it can be done , i bet riot has all the previous patches archived , and since not really huge percent ( but still many ) of people would play this , there is no need to actually invest money in this ( i mean buying new servers ) , just make it available for testing and see how many people play it just because of it 's available . 
  i think it would be a great addition to the gameplay experience and overall maybe it can bring back old players who left because `` lee sin op '' . 
  there would be a kind of player-info-snyc trouble maybe , for people who , for example , bought the graves bundle but choose to play on the irelia patch , they obviusly cant play graves even though they have it , i do n't really know the technical difficulties behind it , maybe because of that it 's not even possible  . <, 
  what are your thought on that ? 
  what patch you miss ? 
  ( personally as an eve lover ( not eve * player * ) , i 'd like to play some patch when eve was viable . . ), 
  ps : sorry for faults , i 'm not an english native and it 's my forst post here , 
  fellow appreciaters of guardsman bob : would n't it be cool if riot could name anything about - , or design a champion with bob ? 
  he has a referral link in his website ( http://guardsmanbob.com/index.php ) for both ( na and euw ) servers ... 
  what about creating 10000 smurfs for him , and then enjoy the new champion ? 
  some time ago i heard a song on mtv and i remember only bits of it ; nothing i could use in a google search . 
  help me out please !, 
  what i remember :, 
  * seen the clip somewhere between 2008-2010 . 
  * the singer is a bit tall , bit skinny , young blonde white woman , might be from usa but her accent is clearly british , very unique among popstars imo . 
  * she was placed high ( maybe not 1st ) in a talent show ( dont really watch these , idk what one ), 
  * the song is about men and love ( as long as i remember , quite sleepy right now ) and takes place in a bedroom , with colorful cgi . 
  * she has an other clip where there is a spot where she sits on a swing . 
  really , are there any people on the pbe server playing ? 
  i see no games in the custom secton and all queues have an infinite time . . 
  edit : if you are online on pbe add me : wakka, 
  i try to check in often, 
  hello there fellow summoners , let me introduce myslelf . 
  i 'm wakka , more known as hok wakka . 
  i play on euw . 
  joined this game since the irelia ( or vlad ) patch and found it very enjoyable . 
  i have a problem . 
  i have about 400 dominion games , 1300 normal games and 1600 ranked soloq games . 
  looking back in time , i enjoyed games mostly when i played with a friend for fun , or with a 4-5-man team on skype , with great people whom i added to easier arrange these games . 
  these friends however , are rarely online , vanished ( server split , losing interest ) and very few are playing frequently , that means nowadays i 'm forced to to either ranked soloq ( o-my-god dont let me speak about that ) and normal/dominon soloq . 
  i miss the days when we teamed up for normals , and my team didnt rage when i played jungle eve ( they even helped !, 
  ) , or accepted my bad play ( once an 1600 elo player instructed my whole team , i wasnt even level 30 iirc , it was awesome ) !, 
  i know there are many kind , forgiving , good people here , who like to play with skype/ts and/or ready to widen the `` team roster '' or something . 
  kinda feel myself a `` lone wanderer '' and im tired . 
  can someone pick me up ? 
  any nice teams out there ? 
  ... it 's 140 % viable !, 
  i think riot realizes that nobody plays ezreal and even the people who main ezreal agree that he is shitty . 
  so riot want to buff ezreal before the skin sale , , they just havent figured out how . 
  thoughts ? 
  hello fellow redditors ,, 
  let me introduce myself . 
  i 'm peter , aka hok wakka , a 25 year old architecture student from hungary . 
  i play lol since irelia came out and got my name `` accidentally '' ( [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/r2lr7/summoners_how_did_you_come_up_with_your_name/c42ezgw ) is the story about that . ), 
  everybody calls me wakka now so the `` hok '' part is kind of useless . 
  i want a new username , which is funny , or at least logical , maybe both . 
  something that describes me better . 
  most of my very good friends are redditors now , and i got so much positive experience from these girls and guys that i decided to ask you to find me a new name , instead of figuring out by myself , hopefully this way it will be more fun , 
  some random facts about me that will help :, 
  favourite and most played champ is eve . 
  i 'm extermely pissed about her uselessness though . 
  i enjoy playing warwick , mordekaiser , mf , yi , mundo and twitch . 
  i 'm kinf of `` attracted '' to retarded builds in non-serious games like ad malz , ap mf , as/onhit vayne ... 
  i 'm a theorycrafter , i like to analyse games to detail and finding little things to improve on . 
  my soloq elo is at 1100 atm ( 1338 at best ) but i 'm working hard to get better . 
  so , if you have an idea for a name for me , comment below  thanks in advance . 
  : since everyone calls me wakka now , it would be nice if you could keep it in the new name somehow , but not necessary . 
  hello fellow redditors ,, 
  let me introduce myself . 
  i 'm peter , aka hok wakka , a 25 year old architecture student from hungary . 
  i play lol since irelia came out and got my name `` accidentally '', 
  everybody calls me wakka now so the `` hok '' part is kind of useless . 
  i want a new username , which is funny , or at least logical , maybe both . 
  something that describes me better . 
  most of my very good friends are redditors now , and i got so much positive experience from these girls and guys that i decided to ask you to find me a new name , instead of figuring out by myself , hopefully this way it will be more fun , 
  some random facts about me that will help :, 
  favourite and most played champ is eve . 
  i 'm extermely pissed about her uselessness though . 
  i enjoy playing warwick , mordekaiser , mf , yi , mundo and twitch . 
  i 'm kinf of `` attracted '' to retarded builds in non-serious games like ad malz , ap mf , as/onhit vayne ... 
  i 'm a theorycrafter , i like to analyse games to detail and finding little things to improve on . 
  my soloq elo is at 1200 atm ( 1338 at best ) but i 'm working hard to get better . 
  so , if you have an idea for a name for me , comment below  thanks in advance . 
  : since everyone calls me wakka now , it would be nice if you could keep it in the new name somehow , but not necessary . 
  hi there ,, 
  i 'm a newcomer to torchlight , only installed the game 2 days ago and i 'm loving it ( already 16 hours of gameplay lol ) . 
  i 'm a veteran diablo2 player , with all the usual hack-and-slash gamer perks : relying in one-point wonder skills , leaving unnecessary skill and stat points unspent etc. 
  i want to go deep in this game , and by that i mean i want to have all the knowledge , unlock all content ( like ubers on d2 or high-end sets/uniques ) and know every mechanic . 
  ( used to have a level 98 smiter-pala in the good old 1.11 days of bnet , wan na have something similar ), 
  so i have a lot of questions for you guys , if someone would answer it or direct me to some guide ( [ this wiki is kind of poor ] ( http://torchlight.wikia.com/wiki/torchlight_wiki ) ) , that would be greatly appreciated . 
  i like to build items and skills smart , but currently i 'm just guessing what is good for my char :(,
