  they did not `` rework '' her in my eyes . 
  they gave her a new ult , changed her old w to be the passive , the old ulti to be her w and removed the heal-on-kill ult passive , the mr removal on e and the stun on w. overall she plays almost exactly the same except now the ulti is another nuke and she got no cc, 
  mostly i dont buy it because i go lichbane + ionian boots , and the remaining 20 % cdr should be used up by one item so i can buy more burst/ap/sutain when needed . 
  if i would buy for example banshee + zhonya instead ot nashors , i would have one less item slot . 
  one for boots, 
  one for lich, 
  one for nashors, 
  remaining 3 should be echoes , dcap and void staff . 
  i suppose i could swap echoes + nashors for banshee + zhoynas , but i 'm terrible at using zhoynas and i 'm used to theburst from echoes ( and its the jungle item lol ), 
  if you need to buy a 6th item as ap eve the game is already lost lmao ( half joking ) . 
  seriously though , shouldnt voidstaff be the last item though ? 
  ( boots , echoes , lich , dcap , nashors , and gunblade or void is my build for apm though i 'm obsessed with having 40 cdr cause of q spam ), 
  i assumed so , but against anything more than a maw you need dps so q spam it is . 
  for that you would need mpen right ? 
  btw , if i 'm not buying void i would rather maintain a 20 + stack mejais instead then . 
  it 's easy with 2 + squishies trying to farm :d, 
  fuck that . 
  i dont want eve to be swapped for a meta jungler . 
  better to be forgotten but still usable like she is now . 
  love me some wholesome swearing, 
  i swear this is the new `` tips fedora '', 
  special kind of cc just like maokai ult . . zyra e. . 
  edit : i 'm bad, 
  literally anything but eve . 
  it 's literally nothing but `` cast this or you wont have enough damage to kill '', 
  or they did not want to cause a shitstorm by revealing the true meaning so they manufactured a fake one, 
  more like apathetic at this point i 'm afraid, 
  yeah me too , thanks, 
  good luck on your life ahead , 
  and the spaces, 
  not two ? 
   `` xy so i can fuck her '' does n't count, 
  i dont care , my choice is still masquerade eve . 
  annie is hotter !, 
  ( the fire asshole , what were you thinking ? ), 
  jesus fuck you are so insensitive, 
  `` do something about it '' is just about one of the worst things you can say to a depressed person . 
  you do not know that because you arent depressed but he is . 
  joking about one 's own depression is a coping method for some , so being this funny can mean serious things actually . 
  that is why you have to be careful around depressed people ( if you wan na stay positive that is ), 
  so while you probably said that in good faith it was really hurting . 
  dunno about him but if it were said to me ( probably butchered the english language there , rip ) i would be upset . 
  this is what goes through my head when i read `` reeeeee '' shoe is the best :d, 
  reminds me of rainman , same toxicity lol, 
  ( ok maybe a bit less ), 
  dude , its leblanc ... 
  thing is , he cant know whether op is gon na receive it positively or not so better stay cautious, 
  i liked the romantic side of the full metal panic series but i kept saying `` cmon chidori just tell him '' . . you guys got anything simlar , but more . . fulfilling ? 
  thanks , will definitely check out those, 
  saving this for later ty :d, 
  more suggestions !!, 
  yay !, 
  i already started watching toradora , its amazing :d looks like i 'll try these after :d, 
  thanks for the suggestions !, 
  man i loved that wing design . 
  hooooly shit . 
  i just finished watching toradora , and you were right that it ends the right way depending on how i view the characters . 
  but man . . 
  i was not ready for that . 
  i though i was , for about 22 episodes . 
  i thought it 's just another `` get a room already '' story . 
  boy i was wrong . 
  but i never thought an anime could trick me so hard . . 
  i felt so much relief ... only for it to be completely washed away in the last episode . . 
  i still dont know if i am satisfied with it , i mean i would have been the happiest person if the series would end before ( how the fuck do i do spoilers tag here - although i think you know what i mean ) . 
  taiga was adult enough to stay anyway . 
  it was really something . 
  i feel richer . 
  thank you . 
  i only visited this sub once , and i watched like 5 or 6 individual works ( that including akira and gits ) and i feel now i stumbled upon a whole world of treasure . 
  tldr : my feels got rekt and i 'm happy what that ( for now ) . 
  edit : perhaps you got me jumped in the middle of the feels train ... got any lighter stuff perhaps ? 
  i mean one that doesnt completely twist my view of how romantic comedies should go, 
  yeah i finished all the 25 episodes of toradora in 24 hours , looks like i 'm gon na eat up anything then lol, 
  thanks . 
  i 'm going to bed now , tomorrow i 'll check snafu , we 'll see :d, 
  also you are right about the anxiety thing . 
  exactly what i wanted to say . 
  season 1 eve mains send their regards . 
  ( and i 'm guessing s3 kassa mains too ) . 
  after that teaser vid where she bites her lips i thought everyone would . 
  search similar ads and their creators , maybe contact them and ask for advice . 
  if no luck , try to analyze all kinds of ads related to this field and try to recognize the patterns that make the good ones differ from the bad ones . 
  it 's like if you watch a very good football player - only that player - play for years then you instinctively will move like him ( pretty bad analogy but you get my point i hope ), 
  it 's the backside by the way ... 
  there would be a lot more chinese and indian stuff here then, 
  i do so your comment is invalid . 
  the `` sorakabot '' eve guide from some guy who was the hot shit on youtube season1 -, 
  that will be nothing compared to the eve rework shitstorm approaching, 
  buy the revolver , snowball hard , and recall . 
  buy the item you have gold for . 
  yes and probably the abilities too . 
  check the `` leaks '', 
  so what ? 
  a nice memory is a nice memory , if its wow then so be it . 
  of course it is not as nice to show to other people but you are the owner of those memories and that is what counts . 
  thing is , the enemy can just play around the isolation by standing close to baron, 
  alright til then :d, 
  found the weeb . 
  you shouldnt write like that . . baka !,
