  yeah . 
  i carry one or two ap ammo . 
  and that crew is from my 261 which used ap a lot . 
  how old are you ... ? 
  well what else im gon na cast it on if i win on turn 4 ? 
  i 'm from eu so that doesnt mean shit for me :d, 
  i dont care that much dude :d, 
  eve top vs. melees . 
  ( bork triforce yoyos ga ) , or lichbane nashors into ap stacking ), 
  ap varus , top or mid . 
  extreme burst . 
  only play it vs champs that can not poke you down or lock you , so its unplayable vs rumble , gnar etc. 
  but - i think . 
  decent vs irelia , renekton and the like . 
  take q first and max it . 
  poke down the enemy to half and push , then go invis and either roam or all in . 
  thing is with ap , you can blow up squishies without any pen , so just stack damage so that you can 1shot carries before fight ( invis flaking ) then have some damage against tanks . 
  a cdr item is essential , i like to max it out so i usually go cdr boots + coxed early , then go for lichbane + zhonyas . 
  after i got rabadons ( and maybe ludens ) i finish my nashors ( remember it applies twice to e for max burst , as well as lichbane and ludens ), 
  a full game build would look like : cdr boots , nashors , raba , zhonyas , lichbane , ludens . 
  if he carry didnt buy qss or any other mr he blows up instantly after a single e + q so much that i usually dont ult carries anymore , just ult the main team firght and e the carry coz he dies anyways . 
  i dont like any mpen , because e does a lot of physical damage and if i go mp i lose cdr and ap just so i can do a little more dmg to tanks and bruisers . 
  not good imo . 
  armor pen also not good since then you lose ap . 
  also recall a lot early because you probably have to ( oom ) and the invisible recall is a lot of free lane pressure . 
  buy power spike item . 
  an early game usually goes 2 dorans into sheen into cdr stacking for me . 
  another build which doesnt really snowball that hard , is the ad build which i also really like . 
  sheen -  cutlass -  triforce -  ghostblade -  ( you prolly need a ga at this point ) ga -  bork -  choice def item , most of the times its banshee . 
  this is bettter for jungle with mobo boots ( get the aoe smite item but dont upgrade ), 
  another note , if the enemy is full ad you have good lane at top you can go something like tear -  tabi -  gauntlet -  gblade -  frozen heart -  manamune and be a bruiser . 
  can swap bork for hydra for pushing , and also free assist in cramped teamfights for your w. 
  avoid tanks and bruisers who can get in your face and dont leave it , like riven and garen , although you can go even with them if you stack early armor and roam . 
  get tp in this case , you only need ignite for early damage and grievous woulds anyways . 
  for a more serious game ( plat + ) i think only ap top and triforce jungle is viable , but both gets sheen before boots . 
  sheen is a huge power spike , but dont buy components if you cant buy the full . 
  whatever build you use , your primary job is to wait , sneak up to squishies unspotted , blow them up , then 5v4 the enemy team with your ult . 
  early game you can roam but you need wards for it . 
  i usually counterjungle a bit instead so i keep wards with me . 
  midgame you can pick off solo players who try to farm their own jungle or a pushed lane , and lategame you have to wait outside of the battle ( always clear pinks after 25-30 min everywhere and always be mia , make the carry shit pants ) . 
  dont initiate fights ( unless you count 1shotting the carry as initiate ) like a tank unless you absolutely have to . 
  if you get chunked go invis and stay nearby for cleanup . 
  morgana + smite = throw binding at minion , smite it quickly and catch unaware adcs . 
  a ga is all the resist he needs . 
  no no no no no . 
  bork yoyos ie lw is the way to go . 
  also can build tanky and takes towers fast . 
  quality comment as usual, 
  dude , cmon . 
   `` i 've got the b * r * east in my sights '', 
  inb drawin 2x malganis with freeze mage, 
  t67 is harder to pad wn8 on . 
  how the hell did that arty go in there ? 
  24k here , got two ... one in arty and one in the sturer . 
  ( did exactly 0 dmg in both games . ), 
  it might be just me but i saw a wordplay of gr\u00fcnfeld defense , an opening setup by black ( in chess ) . 
  that reminds me of a controversial chess federation president from the ' 70 's , camp\u00f3manes . 
  he did so many infamous shit that the players started to call him campomadness . 
  that would fit here too . 
  haha yeah , kirsan is some maniac even compared to karpomanes ( his other name , because he favored karpov during the wc ), 
  i dont think so . . 
  thats what you think , but it does . 
   highest - potential - damage skill, 
  not counting malz 's w , that is, 
  i love this track . 
  it 's a starting track in a youtube mix i listened to a lot of times . 
  held me through more than on e depressing winter - . -, 
  yeah fun for you , cancer to all the others on your team . 
  fuck you . 
  itt : people who cant play with and against arty, 
  play every arty yourself , or watch videos . 
  look where they can shoot and where they usually do . 
  avoid those places . 
  oh and use reddits search function . 
  i give you a better example : is-7 and obj . 
  i smell salt !, 
  7.2 k , in my obj . 
  i have an 5.9 k game in my su-122-44 though . 
  do it next game , greedy asshole . 
  yeah you are not worse then hitler that doesnt make you any good, 
  rekt, 
  what the hell its ths update anyways ? 
  20 mb its sure not 9.7, 
  fcm plays like a med essentially . 
  it has slightly worse speed but similar to cdc except it has pref mm . 
  basically you can pen anything without apcr so its better for money making . 
  well it used to have 400m wiewrange so it was great for sniping so an accurate gun ( stock one ) was needed . 
  now that the wiewrange got nerfed . . i dont know . 
  who doesnt want to do 330 dmg in one shot at tier 5 ? 
  its basically a jagdpanther gun . 
  my pleasure . 
  dont use free xp all 4 tanks are good !, 
  except the maus but its fun to play, 
  imagine it in rouge decks . 
  concealed . 
  9/10 arms a bit too skinny, 
  wait what , so does hunter do 4 dmg with velen ? 
  holy fuck, 
  i have another idea instead : majordomo + kelthuzad . 
  every turn you can trade majorbro in and heal up to 8,
