  how else could you solo blue at lvl 6 :d, 
  i 'm gon na spam this link in soloq, 
  there was a game when i got to sell my aegis for a ga because all our team had ga 's and jungler had aegis , enemy team kept focusing me ( as taric ) . 
  imagine that . 
  6item taric ( mercs ga , shurelyas zekes randuins banshee ) is some real scary shit :d, 
  i like how you pictured the heart `` pillow '' instead of the orb , good job , does that mean you actually do play ahri ? 
  in 1100 elo solo queue , the meta after 30 minutes degrades to `` push mid '' and basically there were no need to ward . 
  also we were on their base . 
  we needed someone to spam stuns , as teamfights were long, 
  edit : not to mention i was carrying the team , so basically n oone else had 6 items . . we had some ( baron etc ) wards . 
  the team agreed about me not having to buy . 
  yes , it 's all situational , and these situations just happening less often nowadays . 
  for example as jax , i would totally build wriggles vs. a lee sin, 
  mwahaha , no . 
  there are magic moments every ten game , when the ad carry can lasthit and compliments you fro good supporting :d, 
  also i picked ignite in that game which means i ksed like a motherfucker . 
  was 6/0/6 at one time :d, 
  if you dont count heimer , that is, 
  and a bottre of lummm, 
  no , fuck you . 
  i bought 20 rune pages . 
  i prefer knowing that my money is well spent, 
  agreed with last statement . 
  but i would add taric instead for leona , hes more forgiving to play, 
  wait . . james varga ? 
  does that mean you have hungarian ancestors ? 
  . . fellow countryman :d, 
  i did !, 
  ^ ( with ap yi :( ), 
  much better than being generally stupid . 
  14/7/9 for hybrid carry junglers ( jax , eve ), 
  9/0/21 for ryze, 
  akali page depending on your style , i use 29/0/1, 
  20/10/0 ad carry ( indomitable op ), 
  9/0/21 gp10 ap carry, 
  9/14/7 manaspam toplane ad ( panth , gp , but i gues its very situational , they can get away with more conventional mastery setups ... i use 21/9/0 on gp anyway ), 
  or . . you know . . she is just . . hot ? 
  so ... no boots ? 
  maybe thats why you killed him :d, 
  whoa calm down honey i just talking about possible alternative . 
  you really have to see a doctor ... 
  so its not his first 2100 gold then . 
  i 'm just nitpicking sorry :d, 
  i thought his blood pool is because he is secretly a woman, 
  i dont understand , is strength of spirit ( hp regen for max mana ) the only reason to go utility tree ? 
  since when is anivia tier 1 ? 
  lol, 
  tl : dr : she is a fking carry now, 
  also lanes that cant push , as eve is a great pusher with q. 
  for example she counters fizz . 
  let me break this down to you guys . 
  when eve had stun , ap was superior coz you could unload burst while ttaking 0 dmg . 
  when she lost the stun , hybrid/ad was superior as it was more tanky and contained gunblade which had an additional slow . 
  ap eve was paper , the stun made it viable . 
  got it now ? 
  who the fuck would pick eve into galio ? 
  and eve if this matchup happens team can swap lanes . 
  eve is surprisingly good against most top laners too ... 
  sounds like a lonely saturday evening for me, 
  im waiting for the time when ppl play him with 20 mpen 14 armor runepages and sorcboot rush to cleaver maxing . 
  they joy of taking one quarter for your hp every 4 seconds . . accompanied with a briefcase flying to you ... 
  oh god why ? 
  i felt like i 'm in a horror movie . . and i am the villain ahahaahahahah, 
  kicking the nonexisting groin of it :d, 
  always heard that as feel my thing !, 
  the only sound i can imitate almost perfectly !, 
  you dont say ? 
  ... you see my flair ? 
  sure . 
  but i 'll play teemo as ad then . . 
  taric cant utilize passive either ... 
  eh , i main taric as support in soloq and i even steal cs if my ad is ahead . 
  just to be able to carry more . 
  i guess we got ta rely on tournament stats to decide if something is viable or not . . 
  or , see the big picture . 
  people playing in `` elo hell '' are much bigger mass than the whole proscene combined so you can probably get away with more unconventional supports than you think . 
  for myself i play support malz and so far i won every botlane with ease . 
  but then again i 'm at 1300 elo . 
  so , support [ any hero ] is viable - jsut need to find an elo range for that . 
  and can not disregard 1300 elo people for `` ah , they are bads '' - they are , but that game is made for everyone , and in 1300 elo , more ppl play there than any above elo . 
  well fuck you then, 
  aaaaaaaaaaand we got a winner here, 
  i dont know . 
  i also know that taric is a better support than swain lol . 
  just nitpicking, 
  someone is maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddddd, 
  probably sigourney weaver from 1979 ( alien ), 
  or leelee sobieski from 1999 ( joan of arc ) though she was 16 at that time ... 
  i posted here with two ideas how did i forgot the obvious, 
  welcome to the club, 
  how accurate !, 
  so ... is energy collector mk3 banned ? 
  i 'm not coming then  sorry . 
  i 'm againt banning that , as it does not slow down the emc making process gradually , only adds a few hours of building time to my factory . 
  if i want 10 times more emc i just make 10 times more collectors ... and after that is the same as i had 10 times less m3 collectors . 
  also it screws up mining . 
  aeternalis fuel and destruction catalyst is pretty cheap to make , and if you restrict mk3 collectors that means we need to mine more so we basically fuck up the entire underworld . 
  basically i use ee ( condenser ) when i want to produce a bigger amount ( 64 + ) of something that is too painful , or too long to get . 
  for example redstone . 
  if i run out of redstone , withot ee i would have to go down the mine , search for redstone and mine it , possibly using a lot of time .
