  whoops, 
  dunno , i needed an arty with good splash for the t-28htc mission `` splash 3 tanks '' so i bought this one , and i quite liked it, 
  and in the article they say its artillery . . its a self propelled gun yes , but not artillery ? 
  there was a short time period when mods flagged frontpage posts as `` look at my tank '' , `` ftr '' , `` discussion '' , etc. 
  that was neat , if you could somehow add these flairs to the posts you sumbit that would be cool, 
  interesting !, 
  the repair cost is fine , you jsut got below average credits, 
  honestly , if its a joke nobody gets , then its a bad joke, 
  something i can farm in 2 games lol, 
  you dont , you can always mute him, 
  kv-2 vs. mostly tier 4 . 
  well he said wg eu, 
  my point is , luacs1998 said that op should hate the gms instead of the game , which he actually does in the post , so ... 
  this should be in either emsk or lpt , but both subreddits gone to shit . 
  do n't forget t-15 !, 
  what do you mean flawed exactly ? 
  i found out that wn8 is so much easier to pad than pr , i dont think wn8 is less flawed , but i 'm a scrub so i would like to hear your opinion !, 
  edit : or tell me how to pad pr lol, 
  maybe, 
  just maybe, 
  you suck . 
  what are you talking about , there is definitely a reason . 
  `` completely '', 
  as a compliment , that if those subs werent garbage he could xpost it . 
  i guess poe 's law failed, 
  heh , if you give us all the areas where hungarians are a majority , then sure, 
  you might wan na refrain from this joke when any hungarians are around , this joke is beaten to death and it has more annoyance value than the fun you get from it, 
  sociology student here . 
  it has been vanished from the `` surface '' ( laws , tolerance etc. ), 
  but deep down there are individual and societal habits that still remain from the monarchy times . 
  most notable example being the great amount of nepotism which used to be a thing in the 1800s and still is , in a form . 
  another one being the `` classes '' ( middle class upper class etc ) being cemented because of it ; so their usual habits stayed ( for example in the upper class , going to theater is still an usual thing ) , also their places to live remained so basically there are still huge differences in wealth between certain areas of budapest , even though its a huge city ( well , by swedish standards i guess ) . 
  if you guys are just coming here for a few days you probably wont notice anything of these at all i guess , but if you really wan na live here ... 
  although i guess there are easier noticeable things . 
  for example the country suffered a lot of heavy population losses throughout the centuries so it had to be repopulated with `` foreign '' people sometimes , so for example there are a lot of german words in our language and there are a shitton of accents . 
  people in different parts of hungary use so much different words for everything that if they dont talk to you in the `` universal '' or `` budapest-er ( `` pesti '' ) accent you might not even understand . 
  there are a lot more , but im too tired to list them all . 
  might write something more exact if you are interested in these kind of things, 
  yeah these statistics doesnt really show a good picture , as those people who dont speak english are majorly found in areas that they are never going to meet any english speaking people anyways . 
  i 'd say most of the `` civilised '' ( sorry country people ) part speaks english , as it is the number one taught language besides german, 
  try couchsurfing !, 
  it is fun and you can organize rides too . 
  foreigners have to understand that between the `` old world '' ( until 1918 ) and the nazis we had a lot of things , one being an uber.communist regime lasting only a few months , but the two eras were separated enough that the fascist-nazi people ( in the 30-40s ) motives are clearly not based on anything but nostalgia . 
  so , not a lot of fascism around yes , but there are a lot , a lot more `` old world '' nostalgia , in short , eveyone looks bask to the `` old times '' ( 1867-1914 basically ) as some kind of golden age , not just a few extreme rightist bigots . 
  a lot of beautiful , renovated buildings are around from that era , for example , and they still form the main picture of budapest . 
  he was probably right in the first sentence , but he probably misunderstood the reasons behind it . 
  read my other comment below . 
  we know of him ( history books ) but i think oskar schindler 's image clearly overshadows it , mainly due to the film by spielberg i guess . 
  as for wallenberg , no one knows him except for those who are excited about history . 
  a lot of ( including ridiculous conspiracy - ) theories are around , but the general consensus accepts it and doesnt really care . 
  those who do , either fascinated by it ( `` cool it must have something to do with way back then when we were nomads '' ) or rejects it ( `` bullshit , we originate from asia '' ) . 
  latter ones are probably extreme rightists ( jobbik ) people, 
  they are basically a `` depeche mode '' party . 
  there were a growing `` need '' of an extreme rightist party back then in like 2002 when nationalism was growing again , so they hopped in the bandwagon and got famous for being anti semite . 
  now that they are in the parliament and euroacceptance is high , they are cooling down and communicate themselves as a tolerant , mild party . . bullshit if you ask me , and most of the intelligent ppl here know that . 
  problem is with the `` masses '' who are racist or antisemite , they love them, 
  i dont really know how to describe but you never use these two in the same sentence . 
  szia is something you use as friendly and j\u00f3 napot is more like , formal . 
   first i want to say that i absolutely love your country , wonderful people , beautiful countryside , and budapest is absolutely lovely . 
  thanks . 
  we appreciate people who also visit the countryside . 
   i 'll start of by asking , what hungarian dishes should i try ? 
  other than what the others said , i would recommend j\u00f3kai bableves which is basically a very , very richly flavoured bean soup . 
   and to continue , as i really enjoy listening to more international music , are there any specific hungarian bands i should look up ? 
  ( i particularly enjoy reggae ), 
  for reggae lovers i would recommend ocho macho and in general : besh o drom ( biased , they are my favourite ) , f\u00e9lix lajk\u00f3 , etc. 
   and just general curiosity about the political climate in hungary . 
  i 've read/heard various stories about fidesz changing the laws around , as well as the voting regulations ( to seemingly give them a little advance in the elections ) , is there any truth to all of this ? 
  yeah , sadly , they got 2/3 of the parliament and now they form the whole country to their liking even though they barely got 2/3 in the elections ( some gerry mandering here and there ... you know ) and nowadays they are under 40 % by popularity . 
  now they fucked up a lot of things , build unnecessary staduims and basically maxed out nepotism . 
   also recently heard that jobbik is gaining more and more followers , anything behind that as well ? 
  not really , they peaked not so long ago and theyare actually stagnating for now , nothing real behind that , it just that we got a lot of racist people behind them . 
  not really a threat yet and i dont see them significantly growing ever beyond their recent position . 
   what is the general hungarians thought about the eu ? 
  `` cool , we dont need passports anymore when we visit the relatives living on the other side of the border '' - a lot of people ( some 5 million ) live in neighboring countries due to the trianon treaty of 1920 which basically took 2/3 of the country land away and gave them to allied countries coz we were on the losing side ) . 
  other than that , the average city people are like `` okay okay but when are they going to use euro already ? '', 
  most welcome eu we hear them a lot due to eu money flowing to the country for varius projects, 
  love me some pal\u00f3c diszn\u00f3sajt . . with fresh bread ... mmmmm, 
  another thing : you have to try goose liver . 
  well , just dont use it in person , or prepared for dirty looks . 
  you confuse howitzer with derp , my friend . 
  and hit all of them lol, 
  well except for the t 25, 
  nope , but a hp of a heavy and a decent gun . 
  uh , context please ? 
  source ? 
  i wish there would be an aftermath to this , with the guy banned, 
  oh , i 'm only familiar with the original game lore so thats why i raised my eyebrows . 
  cod can rot in hell for all i care, 
  the game, 
  soloq just mimics lcs ... 
  doesnt look like stairs to me ... 
  ahahah please sticky this, 
  still , one step upwards is just as high as the space above . 
  that is at least 1.5 m long and 1.5 m high steps ... 
  oh well , i didnt really dug deep into the lore , in that case it makes sense yeah . 
  it still looks like poor design for me though . 
  no shit ? 
  its just not convenient . 
  if you want the ppl to jump at the end of each turn then better just make a ladder lol,
