  since w , q and ult sales ridiculously high with ap you are much better off having high ap and penetration . 
  sorc , dcap , void and zhonyas is core , you are left with 2 spaces for one cdr item and one defensive item . 
  i 'd go dfg for cdr , it gives the most ap , and for defensive item you probably need banshees for your ult . 
  or even if you dont need defensive item you are better off with a seraphs . 
  so no place for rylais . 
  except that the dot damage liandry provides is outclassed by any item that gives 120 + ap because it gives more burn damage on w and more flat damage to your other spells . 
  dcap , zhonyas , dfg , seraphs , mejais . . all better items than getting liandris . 
  except if you rush it , then you have some early game snowball potential with te added tankiness and mpen , but this item really falls off . 
  i much prefer snowballing with rushing a dfg or a morellos . 
  i disagree . 
  so many ganks turned around by tanking their damage while w+e shredding with passive up . 
  i say a properly itemized malzahar can outduel a darius at any point of the game including tanking all darius ' damage . 
  i 'd say he is more like urgot for the same reasons, 
  its current health % . 
  that is why it doesnt worth the buy, 
  i agree with your math ( hard not to , lol ) . 
  i was too harsh , sorry . 
  what i meant that liandrys is definitely not core ; a situational buy - other items are more useful in other situations . 
  what i mean is that most of the situations , or at least how i play malzahar ( my main midlaner ) , liandris doesnt really make much use . 
  in my hands malz is a combo mage who pokes a few times before fight then oneshots anyone who comes close . 
  and for oneshotting liandris not so good ^ ^ . 
  most of the time i only need the ult duration to 100-0 anyone , even an ulting singed . 
  wer should be enough . 
  and if they run , q, 
  edit : i play on gold 1 . people usually dont buy qss at this level . 
  shoulda mentioned that . 
  i think if i climb up i have to adjust my playstyle , including item buys . 
  haha yea . 
  i have over 200 malza games and i think max 10 games i saw a qss lol . 
  i have seen more whern i was palying morde ... 
  to get back to the point , when i was theorycrafting for myself whether i should buy liandrys or not , the final line was , that my w with ~ 600 ap lategame is so strong that i dont need the liandris damage to be a relevant in the poke aspect . 
  from then on i only bought liandris if our team needed some extra poke/siege potential ( for example our adc is vayne so my team relies only on me to clear waves instatly to get to tower to siege etc ) i dont mean i need the liadrir so i can clear minions , but when only i am clearing them , then our team cant really poke so the sieges are longer so liandris is a better buy . 
  but most of the time , at least in g1 , people either pussy out when they see tower , or reklessly dive , which by the way usually wins . 
  all in all , i think malz is too good in all-ins to be used as a poke mage . 
  a fun fact tho , base damages are really high and control is ok so i believe in some comps he can be useful as support , but in this case liandris is pretty much rushable core as you wont have the needed 100-0 potential anymore . 
  a shopping center pretty much, 
  ok im confused i am hungarian and not only i didnt know of the even but i didnt even know that we have a community this big . 
  there must be a website or something at least , with an active community . 
  where is it ? 
  coz i wan na join lol, 
  definitely , k\u00f6szike, 
  no shit ? 
  what happened to you man ... long time no see, 
  yes , fuck evelynn . 
  so you dont buy qss on aatrox or mundo huh, 
  tryndamere is an adc and has 2 ap ratios, 
   but with tits, 
  imagine going against irelia . 
  then he is an ass assassin . 
  ask for it in a support ticket, 
  yeah very poor job, 
  he has 8 losses ... 
  jelly much ? 
  indeed . 
  i 'm only plat 5 but i feel the skill i get from every aftergame anylysis from game to game . 
  it really sped up my progress . 
  i met diamond 5s in my plat promo . . also plat 1s who had their doamond promo game  . < ( i won tho ), 
  yea . 
  learned it the hard way : there is silver meta , gold meta and plat meta and they are completely different . 
   gold v. not that big of a difference, 
  i 'm plat 5 and i see no difference to silver ... 
  they arent predictable in mechanics but sooo predictable in gameplay decisions . 
  taking a fast blue as a jungler and immediately rushing to their red to kill the enemy jungler , works 90 % of the time up to gold 1 . 
  went from g5 to g1 in a week doing this, 
  so all i have to get tho challenger , as a diamond player , to play like gold ? 
  i dont either, 
  because your teammates know how to get carried ? 
  no actually that is implying that tryhards dont have the ability to control their rage . 
  but if you try hard enough you can . 
  it is absolutely necessary to control your rage to get to plat imo . 
  ( if you arent faker by mechanics , that is ), 
  or , like , eve , who dont even gives a shit about wards . 
  yes there is . 
  i used to be silver for like 4k games then i just learned to group and teamfight now im plat 4 . 
  ( got promoted just now ), 
  haha yeah i call it the `` nasus syndrome '' . 
  typical to nasus players : `` dont fight i nned q stacks '' even at 40 min lol, 
  whats your elo , d2 ? 
  minecraft ? 
  i get chills just from the music, 
  why do you need anything else then , the possibilities are endless !, 
  may i recomment tekkit then . 
  you can make your very own nuclear plant !, 
  damn im jelly , 
  when gaudi lived it was way outside the city, 
  same with evelynn , if you attack turret always e to a nearby creep for free attackspeed . 
  completely making them sure that they will die if they stay there , making them sure to flash . 
  so its better not ult as a finishing move . 
  just count ignite or an auto after ult, 
  riot stated they dont make this mode official beause there might be bugs and this case seems like bug inducing, 
  nor avatar, 
  vlad fizz maokai malpihte , jsut to name a few that can, 
  yeah i know i was just lazy to explain it correctly  ilike to write fast, 
  at least you are honest, 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  she has low cooldowns anyway . 
  pantheon says hello, 
  your hair is awful , you should care more about yourself , but i see a lot of potential . 
  you could try couchsurfing for free beds . 
  but then again nasus does the same job and is more effective,
