  no seriously , i got the ace tanker on it like the 3rd game i played . 
  the armor is so troll you can hold a whole flank alone :d, 
  they all have stock turret . 
  is that because it weighs less , thus making maneuvering easier ? 
  it is definitely worth it no question . 
  because of one fact : if you have to manage your time spent well , you approximately have to use about 15 sec aiming each shot . 
  this means that with the stock gun you have very little time doing anything else : repositioning after every shot ( against those pesky enemy arties trying to trace your shell ) . . because it takes roughly the same time to aim , meaning you spend double the time only aiming every game . 
  with the longer reload time you also have more time to aim your shot , and do something like chat or switch focus to another flank . 
  ( i did it on the su-14-1 which is basically the same arty if you look at the guns ), 
  i like your username :d, 
  i remember jingles said in one of his videos tha he is not that handy when it comes to `` technology '', 
  takes dedication to respond to a month old thread . . who are you , a lurker ? 
  deepest condolences to your parents . 
  gg , you win :d, 
  you should really watch george carlin 's standup comedy . 
  he sometimes spoke about really serious things like abortion and he was one of the comedians that actually spread some thoughts with their act . 
  ( he shared your wiew ), 
  equip binos , spot at 475 m distance at tier 3 , glorious . 
  good gun too !, 
  best is when you ding a kv1s shot with the front armor and then pew pew the shit out of them :d, 
  so ... more than 50 % of people :d, 
  more diverse gameplay , especially on higher tiers . 
  more interesting , extreme vehicles - i think the addition of the german td line was a good thing and i want more of that . 
  or arl v39 , the 90 mm is inferior to the 105 . 
  can you guys tell me what is special in this video ? 
  it looks like any other t8 game ... 
  play it like the wte100 trololo, 
  this article says the gun will be the 76 mm zis-3 , that was the top gun of the su-76 and the stock gun of su-76b . 
  so it wont be that much in tier 4 , i expect it to have pref mm at least because it looks like a stock su-76b with somewhat more armor ... 
  nice repost from like 3 days ago lol, 
  i would mention another major downside : horrible turret traverse ( i guess its a balance issue though , imagine with good traverse it would be basically a light tank ), 
  thing is with 122 , it can do good damage to higher tier tanks in spots that the 85mm cant even dream to pen , due to he . 
  for example a group peekaboo in arctic region you can hit kv1s turrets for 140ish damage , fun stuff . 
  what td can put out its own hp in damage with every shot ? 
  hehe . 
  the reason i ended up the 100k french grind with 4 million credits deficit was because i spammed gold on the arl v39 :d, 
  well i had the s35 ca researched and according to my calculations i could barely make the quest in time so i didnt want to grind any other vehicle from tier 1 . 
  dunno , i have good stats in it but i always feel like i would rather trade some armor for speed ( since they always seem like to hit the turret anyways ... ) and then i realize m7 ( us tier 5 med ) has pz1c-like speed with churchill 3-like gun so ... would rather play that, 
  all the relavant data i can think of :, 
  - i 'm using windows xp sp3 , with latest java installed, 
  - the computer is 4 years old so it must be way more than enough to run it in max settings . 
  intel core2 duo 2 e7500 2.93 ghz processor , 3.25 gb ram ( idk how this number came though . . ) , ati radeon hd 4850 crapics card with latest driver installed . 
  also , i didnt change any settings , and didnt install any mods or texture packs . 
  thanks for the guess , it reminded me to check , but no , i did not install any modification of the game . 
  looks like a postcard , really nice setting . 
  no , but they lag occasionally . 
  the dying graphics card might be reality though , because since i bought it ( as i mentioned , more than 4 years ago ) i 've been playing extensively , almost everyday , sometimes 10 + hours . 
  some time ago i made a calculation and i concluded that it must have ran for at least 12000 working hours . 
  also the computer itself is in horrbile condition , the side panels are missing so the entire inner parts including vents are covered in dust ( which i clean when i can , but there are parts i cant reach ), 
  it is very fun !, 
  plays like a medium , it has not really good armor or gun capabilities ( pen is horrible , somewhere around 40 and has no pref mm ), 
  you have to scout in tier 4-5 matches because lack of pen , pretty much like he pz . 
  very good menauverability and dpm , its accuracy is okay at close/medium ranges , meaning it has lot of outplay opportunities : flanking , circling etc. 
  it 's an annoying in-your-face-but-you-cant-hit-it tank . 
  much like the pz .1 c :d, 
  iirc it `` costs '' 60 wins so its like , you cant not get it if you play enough :d, 
  also those 1-clipped enemy scouts . . mmm tasty tasty tears, 
  might as well . . afk-panther, 
  things that i know of :, 
  nashorn : wannabe arty ( looks like the hummel ), 
  slowe, 
  su-100y : boombox, 
  amx 40 : duck, 
   play lol for a while, 
  just no . 
  not worth it, 
  i sacrificed 4 years to that game and i am an emotional wreck now, 
  no offense , but in the title it says `` relax into '' . 
  and league is nowhere near relaxing . 
  not `` fine '' ... 
  meh , from most artillery hiding spots you arent going to hit much more tanks with non-ussr arty ... and brit arties need different hiding spots because of low range . 
  batchat ? 
  i loved oneshotting togs with my su-14-1 :d, 
  no such thing as `` your spot '' mate . . 
  you are an asshole, 
  elc is not a scout . . 
  it has no wiew range to match with tier 8-9 medium/heavy tanks , it has the gun though , to pen them . 
  it 's basically a td with fast relocation . 
  the fact that it gets scout mm is more of a con to outweigh the pros . 
  ok , but you are still an asshole . 
  if he doesnt have optics your tier 8s have about the same wiew range , so its basically sending the amx to death . 
  at least heavies can ding some shots . 
  wait until they come . 
  or get a medium to scout . 
  . . at the start of the game . 
  if the enemy has position on you , its not sure that you can get to your scouting spot before they spot you . 
  a good example is prokhorovka top spawn . 
  you have to get to e1 bush before the enemy scout gets to about f3 to spot you . 
  so if you are on your way to e1 and a bit late because some retard blocked you , or you were afk for 20 sec , and see the enemy scout on f3 , you have no chance to reach e1 . 
  and this is like that with any scout , the camo value when moving is marginal , even on light tanks , if the enemy has a good position . 
  fuck i died twice in my t71 ramming gwe100s, 
  yeah that was a sick shot !, 
  do you happen to know that arty player by any chance ? 
  send him my best wishes :d, 
  and the logo looks like ferrari typography, 
  but realist . 
  i suppose you try to make a parallel with todays hungary and find that offensive . 
  you are wrong , the original post by / u/hobnail1 probably implied that the `` revolutionists '' stole it for scrap because that was the time of needs ; just like how they stole the stalin statue for scrap after the demolition of it . 
  or for souvenir ; who knows . 
  but it makes sense .
