nice find :d, 
  boooooooooooooooobs < 3, 
  sorry i had to let it out :d, 
  maybe others posted it but tl ; dr. 
  so , if the laner is a carry , then he must take kill . 
  if support or bruiser , then not . 
  many junglers really need kills early on . 
  these must take it imo . 
  for example evelynn ( dw me if you want but i think its still viable , but needs exact runes and jungle timing . . ), 
  im totally trying this !, 
  once , at like 4 am , sleepy as hell i decided to play a last game vs bots as ap gangplank . 
  okay , team select , ap runes , teleport clarity ... my team was like wtf ? 
  i didnt notice it was ranked !!, 
  well , whatever , i went solotop . 
  then in game i got 2 spanish people who feed and cant communicate ... mmm . . okay whatever , said to myself . 
  bot lane did well anyway . 
  we were about even . 
  ported back , got mejais and sheen . . and the magic started . 
  i played with eyes half closed from sleep deprivation , and went godlike . 
  in that game i had 33 kills . 
  still i couldnt 1v5 the enemy and they eventually pushed our base and win . 
  huh . . 
  lol epic comment :d, 
  best game i ever played as jungle evelynn . 
  i had 8 kills at start , but we wqent into late game where eve sucks . 
  so they pushed into our base , getting our nexus turrets but we managed to kill them , but needed to defend but no counter push . 
  at the time we had 70 minutes on clock , everyone full build . 
  we got a feeder corki though . 
  our janna cved baron . . too late , we seen on cv the enemy team marching our base with baron buff . 
  we had like no hope , my team all wrote gg . 
  at this point of the game they were blindly focused me first , so i had a quick idea . 
  i quickly sold everything even boots and bought a banshee , a guardian angel , a thornmail , and a force of nature . 
  no boots . 
  i stood invisible in front of nexus . 
  they came in . 
  i popped slow on them with hatespike ... and then the magic happened . 
  they focused me as usual . 
  in that epic fight everyone died . 
  our corki got a quadra . 
  i died too but quickly revived , sold everything again , bought dps items and revive + ulti + yoyo active into their base and win :d, 
  nice . 
  what build/runes/masteries / summoner spells used ? 
  holy moly . 
  what evelynn doesnt rush triforce is a bad evelynn . 
  there are stronger and weaker combos , but i think there is alittle bit of rock paper scissors thing here . 
  for example taric caitlyn is very stong , but sivir can poop on the traps for free mana . 
  and if cait doesnt level the trap , then the spellshield can used to block taric stun . 
  ^ ^ this !, 
  how do you do red lol . 
  we do n't have the right to complain . 
  this is a f2p game . 
  my point is , we cant blame or generate anger , because all riot does is a favor to us . 
  saying `` hey its not fun '' is not a complaining , in my terms , its an advice . 
  to be clear . 
  we dont have the right to say `` fuck you riot ! '', 
  ah , i see now . 
  however , what i seen on high elo streams ( gm bob , hsgg ) that they start with regrowth pendant and skip red . 
  what does red on mumu change in jungling ? 
  i mean ... really , i know , it slows and damages , but i think it doesnt worth it , better gank earlier and with full hp . 
  ^ ^ this . 
  ( remember reginald gragas penta ? ), 
  watching the video , all time i was thinking i will write `` ks-adin '' in comments . . 
  but after it , i was like o.o, 
  good positioning and awareness ... overall a deserved penta . 
  was 40k once ... 
   ok i was downvoted for some reason . 
  how ?? 
  man , your idea was great , i do n't get people sometimes wtf . 
  you got a point . 
  maybe they should only allow custom games in these servers . 
  lol :d, 
  im going to upvote any good posts from now on to keep balance , then . 
  ap carry soraka mid . 
  yes !!!!!, 
  with malady and madreds and wits end . 
  i call it galaxy fist soraka :d, 
  you mean `` gang '' lol :d, 
  if you are on eu west , add me , let 's try :d, 
  have you tried `` alternative '' cure methods ? 
  i play jungle galio often . 
  my runeset is : mpen red , armr yellow , flat mr blue , flat ap quints . 
  9/0/21 standard is just fine . 
  although if team needs heavy tank i go 1/18/11 . 
  i usually rush banshee and abyssal and go offtank . 
  with blue i can clear full jungle , doesnt really matter what i start with , cloth armor , mr item , ap item ... ( forgot the names lol ) . 
  i like to get amplifying tome for the shield heal . 
  at level 4 i got 2 pts in shield , 1-1 in other skills , jungle cleared , dual buff acquired , about 3/4 hp and ready to gank bottom . 
  doesnt really matter , only gives a bit better healing . 
  armor quints or mr quints are fine too . 
  although some games i kinda forced to rush thornmail , so i do n't really like to get more armor in runes . 
  ofc start blue with pull . 
  galio is sooooo vulnerable at blue , since he relies on q damage and then heals himself up at level 2 at wolves . 
  so it 's a huge fail if anyone steals xp or fails to pull . 
  ty :d, 
  and then learning all of these languages lol, 
  indeed but think about it : soraka destroys karthus in mid , and the lastegame advantage by having a weaker enemy karthus is better than having a slightly weaker but fed soraka . 
  basically makes the game 4v4 :d, 
  starks , double phantom , ie and sanguine blade :d, 
  you , sir , just won the internet . 
  sunfire cape ?
