  they look really cool, 
  haha definitely report back when you got success with it !, 
  thanks, 
  you might enjoy calatrava, 
  or yi . 
  he builds fucking tank nowadays anyway, 
  lol, 
  * tips scimitar *, 
  * tips oracle *, 
  lol , in ussr it was poverty as well . 
  everywhere . 
  i think it is because forcewave is able to get a transmute skill which makes it a spell ... or something, 
  / r/all here , what am i watching exactly ? 
  which one ? 
  oh , thanks !, 
  i watched the video 5 times and still couldnt figure out , it happened so fast . 
  i didnt even realize 1 bullet killing 2 people . 
  i guess i couldnt count . 
  so basically this guy 1v5-ed a crucial round . . 
  edit : watched this again . 
  looks like the confusing thing ( for me ) was that he fired 5 shots and got 5 kills . 
  what i missed is that he missed one shot . 
  may i ask which two ? 
  there are more than two occured . . i mean he might be from any country for all i know, 
  it was also voyboy who made riot nerf ap trynd, 
  / r/rule34lol, 
  i want urf because my main is a god there , 
  legit dps buff due to q being like .4 sec cd ( and i trained my left ring finger since season 1 for this ) and being able to ult every gank is also nice, 
  also 2.5 sec cd on flash as shaco lol . 
  my three favs were shaco , eve and ww . 
  being able to fill up tear with q was nice when manamune was good, 
  i dont recall it ever being 3 minutes , but then again i dont play eve without cd blues, 
  gtfo ... 
  unless they were fizz or vlad . 
  oh , that reminds me of vlad . . fcuking go tank and max w. . that was cancer, 
  also , i rushed rageblade on her because it was super easy to stack up, 
  or preston, 
  extra burst at the start . 
  might be the difference between line and death, 
  a bit . 
  people are also playing the 215b now, 
  why flash ? 
  but more physical damage . . duh, 
  no , f is for fuck you, 
  so i guess now you are talking about the 10 % total --  25 % bonus change on e ratio . 
  my point is , if you build a lot of flat ad , it is a buff right ? 
  whereas it is a nerf to all other builds . 
  welp , that sucks . 
  i guess the rageblade --  bork -  tank build is the least hit by this ? 
  mention the trianon treaty to the hungarians, 
  maybe he is looking at the other angle, 
  it 's a kv , basically a kv-1 and a kv-2 meshed into one tank before it was split it could equip both the guns of kv-2 and kv-1, 
  perhaps twich healed it back quciky with a potion , o just regen, 
  lol, 
  i used to own pax sivir and i bounght it because to me it looked like she is from tron . 
  because she would be a competitor to headmistress fiora, 
  is-4 vs. a20 . . iam glad those times are gone, 
  jesus had a father figure though , anakin didnt ( at least not until palpatine i guess ), 
  yeah but obi-wan himself mentions something along the lines of `` you were like a brother to me '' which , and their similar age , suggests to me they were more like brothers, 
  on the savagery shaman , try going soldier as second class if you can , lots of good sustain and tankiness opportunities , but the main point is that blade arc does insane bleed damage with the enhancement . 
  ( currently my level 30 warder does 4k bleed damage on blade arc ), 
  alternatively seek out myaybe item given spells for burst like rebuke . 
  dont forget to take brute force in shaman but im guessing you already did . 
  blade arc with the transmuter skill ( clean sweep ) does +175 % total damage and maxed blade arc has 135 % weapon damage therefore a total weapon damage of clean sweep will be 317,5 % means that any flat + dmg ( for example flat lightning damage on brute force ) will be more than 300 % effective . 
  rebuke does 500 % weapon damage though , so if you happen to obtain a stonefist rebuke ( shoutout to grimz who supplied mine ) on level 50 , you can forget ( respec ) all the points you put into blade arc ( and clean sweep ), 
  on that note that weapon is awesome . 
  i played a phys dmg focused char so at level 50 where i got it , rebuke did 35k damage in one hit ( thanks grimz ! ), 
  on a totally unrelated note , can you mitigate the damage you take with aether resist ? 
  8 if you smile, 
  health regen it is , then , i guess . 
  retal warder is so fucknig funny . 
  seeing cronley kill himself on me lol . 
  i fiddled with it a bit , my retal warder has 700 hp regen per sec ( about to have more ) and it really helps in aether fields . 
  though he hasnt much hp ( 5k ) . 
  i guess if you want sustain by regen you shouldnt buy much hp and just buy more regen instead ( and resists ) , meaning the actualy flat hp you regen per sec is higher percentage of your actual total hp so it works better against the aether field . 
  is there an actual spammable ( read : no cooldown ) skill that is a good aoe clear , and the skill is given by item ? 
  hm , but that would require speccing heavily into lightning , including devotions . 
  i 'll see what i can do , but right now it looks like i cant really give up shieldmaiden and the full perdition set . 
  physical/bleed . 
  rigtht now i 'm running blade arc and menhir 's bulwark + tanky skills . 
  though i guess i can respec , but there isnt many other options . 
  `` demokrata '', 
  a native what speaker ? 
  so you write in english , and want us hungarians to check . . ? 
  i 'm confused, 
  that is an amazing way to draw freckles !, 
  also , when you are sitting not facing the road ( for example in underground you sit 90 degrees to the left or right ) , and the train stops or starts , spreaded legs help so that you dont topple over lol, 
  well if you become a mage like char you gon na need energy regen anyways somehow . 
  amber gives you a better nova and there are ways to mitigate the high energy cost . 
  ( i usually go for components for mana regen and elemental exchange or mogdrogens pact and it should be enough ), 
  imagine if his comment were `` all of it '', 
  yeah no . 
  she is not a sykwalker . 
  just imagine if she were . 
  `` oh my padawan turned to the dark side so i went into exile ... leaving my daughter to be basically a slave, 
  i did it with the obj 261, 
  i think this can be surpassed by vpn anyways, 
  buy my acc kappa, 
  i dunno my chaos witchblade just completed a1 ultimate on level 70 and its doing great . 
  blade arc is the weapon skill i have on left click .
