  i play all 3 skins and sometimes i get bored !, 
  can be because shadow is a recolor . . 
  tango doesnt `` dance '' tango . . or that i have 1100 games with her ... 
  but its going to be awesome, 
  oh my god i miss release caitlyn so much, 
  them trollings with tiamat ult :d so good, 
  i would like to add that trundle scales basically only with cdr so i would max in on him , a visage + fist + locket or visage + frozen heart combo looks decent, 
  gems, 
  i want old dfg back, 
  try harder, 
  idk i have a statue too , although i got banned 4 times, 
  lol, 
  indeed , i have a manplank postcard . 
  nono , i wasnt being toxic . 
  i was reported many times for feed etc. 
  while i was trying to be positive . 
  i lost my shit sometimes . 
  but i was helpful most of the time . 
  overall , i feel like i deserve both, 
  edit : im an eve main since 2010 , hint hint, 
  you mean the tribunal ? 
  no need to convice players to hit punish lol, 
  no love for krepo :(, 
  lcs probably, 
  here , have a mana option . 
  want a health option too ? 
  wht do you mean under discussion , its 2 minutes to do . 
  and its not a question that you guys shoudl do it or not . 
  `` cannon '' barrage just got a new meaning, 
  heimer , funny and smart . 
  and i would like to poop rockets, 
  yes , but can he make rockets coming out of my ass ? 
  dude zaun is the place where he comes from . 
  for example dr. mundo is from zaun too, 
  fuck yes , got my first penta all in a bush, 
  terrible jokes suck . 
  wraiths hp giving animation is the same too, 
  although `` brothers in arms '' are quite fitting, 
  i demand you to take a trip to hell, 
  no return, 
  i am hereby offering you an alternative . 
  burial . 
  he is doing very good dubstep and the quality of his art is not even comparable to the things most people would call `` dubstep '' . 
  i highly recommend everyone to check him out . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilekvbrmfra ( archangel ) is probably his most known track, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccuwmpkh2ru ( nyc ) is probably my favourite . 
  they missed the emotes in cougar form :(, 
  pls show it to ironstylus , i want to see his reaction, 
  thats not hard, 
  lol, 
  fuck , i feel bad for complaining . . soory mod guys , 
  we just dont see with each others eyes if you know what i mean, 
  ashe the unsung hero , stunning half of the team if i see correctly, 
  hue, 
  i have tristana , alistar and the kayle skins , in euw, 
  indeed , i mean that we dont really have empathy towards eachother . 
  english is hard  . <, 
  also wtf dovnvotes, 
  technically they dont have `` bones '' but they have their own chitin cuticle , i guess vilemaw is a phantastic being so his `` skull '' might look like its from bones . 
  i am lod and al robertxlee are both fenomenal ad carries , i learnt a lot by waching them . 
  rap is awesome , fuck off, 
  btw , it was hiphop, 
  i dont get it ... 
  i was confused for a moment . . am i browsing / r/prettygirls ? 
  indeed . 
  her elo is 2130 atm , or around that if i dont have the correct info . 
  here in hungary , not really a chess powerhouse , i live in a very little town and our chess teams highest elo is 2400 with 4 members above 2100 , not a big deal . 
  basically every town has at least 5-6 fms i think . 
  i was the 8th strongest member of the team ( not playing anymore ) and although i didnt have elo ( you have to play a certain number of games ) i beat 2k + players consistently . 
  edit : she has a draw against kramnik . 
  that is a huge accomplishment ( looking at the fact it wasnt simul ), 
  another edit : thereare many simul games around , its way harder to the ( grand ) master because he/she has to play a lot of games at once so its more common to have win/draw against a gm . 
  ( even i , a `` just decent '' player , had 2 wins against the polgar sisters ), 
  maybe if she was a pretty guy . . ? 
  yes it is , there is no more compicated thing in the entire universe . 
  to get a glimpse of how complicated it is : there are more different playable chess games than all the atoms in the universe . 
  it 's just the education i think . 
  we are ahead of the us in average chess knowledge/education level , but who in europe doesnt . . ? 
  we had a bit more famous chess players ( mar\u00f3czy , portisch , polg\u00e1r , l\u00e9k\u00f3 etc ) and scientists than you would expect from the numbers , but that 's all . 
  plus , it 's decreasing . 
  the education in hungary stayed good with the years because teacher is a lifetime job ; and they are stuck together for decades in schools , so as long as new teachers are willing to blend in to the routine the standard stays , but nowadays , after the capitalization in ~ 1990 there are more . . uhm . . `` dumber '' teachers who doesnt even want to listen to the older ones . 
  so far my best teachers were the oldest ones . 
  and i am in the education since 1993 lol, 
  [ just look how beautiful she is ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:sofivdk.jpg ), 
  [ she also defeated and humiliated wold class grandmasters ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txeigipofse ), 
  i smell virginity, 
  get the fuck out, 
  once i played jungle lee with ap runes . 
  safeguard    stand united if you know what i mean, 
  oh fuck yes . 
  the initial sound of eve 's ultimate is . . priceless, 
  2/10 try harder, 
  so . . you get outplayed litelarry every game ? 
  oh lol , best typo ever, 
  no , he got new animation with the model remake ( new e now some orange thingy around his arm ), 
  still nothing compared to me :d, 
  edit : referencing 3 years of playing eve, 
  wel . . the damage can not satisfy though :d, 
  yeh , this is the reason i only play carries , be them support , top or jungle . 
  as a jungler i play only 2 ; yi and eve .
