  we all are ... 
  q = stun, 
  w = aoe slow, 
  e = root, 
  r = slow or stun, 
  w slows after 3 sec . 
  look i dont know why you guys keep commenting before looking up her abilities lol . 
  her w slows for fucks sake, 
  her w. look up my other comments im tired to explain it the 5th time . 
  lol, 
  technically we just need an unwrapped amumu skin . . and we can keep the necrophiles :d, 
  maokai , is that you ? 
  like it wasnt obvious regi is just dramawhoring, 
  surprised no one mentioned singed = bane , the obvious . 
  cool story bro . 
  but most importantly . . l2p, 
  strange , my honorable opponent unlocked around 25 lol, 
  ok admit it . 
  you clicked because boobs . 
  yeh . 
  and then someone flashes away . 
  more like ad yi with double teleport , that would be epic . 
  because you are addicted . 
  darien disagrees . 
  the golden rule i set to myself , is that , given that you start boots , you can only rush 2 gp10 . 
  plus one if you are 3 + kills ahead . 
  for example i like to get double / triple gp10 on mid eve . 
  starting with kages to hog , and if i 'm fed ( i usually am ) , philo . 
  malzahar support all the fking way, 
  just dont play it vs. aoe comps . 
  definitely no . 
  more like an entrance question regarding skill . 
  no matter how goood your guide is , nobody will believe you if you are 1200, 
  which on-hit abilities/passives ? 
  i know jax ulti passive does spellvamp , and i wan na know what i can troll with ( cho , teemo , ww onhit stuff ), 
  exept if you are playing singed !, 
  i managed to do it today without keyboard , even, 
  ^ ( we lost though ), 
  same as wards , really, 
  idk , screen is black for me, 
  neither does ahri l0l, 
  honestly . 
  myself only have 3 pentakills of this kind . 
  jiji has 3 accounts in the top 25 and he isnt getting flamed for it . . wtf, 
  like . . alistar passive too ? 
  hah im gon na do this . . for ~ ~ karma ~ ~ science !, 
  campanile literally means `` bell tower '' you you wrote `` bell tower tower '' lol, 
  i always dream things like that . . more recurring one is a flashing image of a wits end and an aegis together . 
  and late game against sustain mages . 
  i thought we all agree that this champion is nidalee . 
  guess i was wrong ... 
  [ guardsman bob wins thread ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlf_rzky-g4 ), 
  what a beautiful time and settings . 
  i onve met a very good and accomplished photographer and asked him what is the hardest thing to photograph . 
  she said , `` buildings . '', 
  i 'm an architecture student and amateur photographer as well . . , 
  like mundo doesnt have it on a 4 sec cd lol, 
  i dont think having it up 3 times more results in falling off damage . 
  and no mpen on jayce either . 
  . . eve, 
  to the fapmo ... !, 
  woosh, 
  idk , my brain get fried every soloq game, 
  anyone clicked the link ? 
  i feel it 's nsfl, 
  i usually start with tome or longsword and farm occult/mejai before boots . 
  it is the was to win botgames lol . 
  and smart itemizing ofc . 
  with ap eve, 
  srsly tho , if you got full build ( dfg lichbane raba void ) and a 20 stack of mejais ( easy to farm lows lol ) + blue pot , you will have 860 ap . 
  that means the ulti is hitting 41 % of the entire enemy teams hp , plus dfg hitting for 60 % . 
  if you bought mpen runes + sorcboots , that is an 1shoted enemy ad , regardless of his hp ... 
  of course dfg first . 
  i wasnt aiming for an order when i posted first, 
  but counters every single champion in teamfights :d, 
  shit yeah and manamune on sivir !!!, 
  right before remake days i had so much fun with manatank sivir . . manamune triforce banshee frozen heart and madreds . 
  ( im not saying it was good , just funny ), 
  haha yeah . . 
  i imagine every time i cast my silence on him i yell `` stfu !! '', 
  i prefer shutting the fucker up when he starts casting . 
  that would require a mid soraka . . but yeah, 
  on no . . the terror of sunfire warwick, 
  vlad , morde , kassadin all have a good time vs her ( as an eve main , fuck vlad ), 
  cassio too , so easy to dodge with all that ms, 
  well , that is before i get dfg and lichbane . 
  with thosse items you get bursted down in half a second and not all malzahars can react in that time . 
  you also gon na need some spellvamp to stay alive as you gon na ult after dfg + my ult anyway . 
  but i agree malz is giving eve a hard time doing her job , pushin then roam , try to do the same . 
  against malz i would just go triple gp10 and roam hue, 
  eve roams better , and no way you gon na beat her , as any time you wan na proc q or cast e you eat an eve e and a few autos ( with sheen preferably ) , also eve can hit q in shroud . 
  that is because that eve was bad . 
  honestly lux is the easies matchup ever . 
  she has so long cds you have to basically land a q + e then hug tower for 8 seconds . 
  no , i dropped eve flair for gp when in my elo everyone told me eve is a jugnler so i played her as a jungler at it sucked dick . 
  now that i wont get trolled or flamed when i pick eve mid , where she belongs , i enjoy playing eve again . 
  also spellvamp doesnt work really well on eve ( your main sources of damage are cast when you are either at full hp ( ult ) or doesnt work with spellvamp ( dfg ) . 
  q doesnt really spellvamp , 800 ap eve gains like 40 hp with it endgame , close to nothing . 
  so , , no, 
  build abyssal + zhonyas if ou feel you arent tanky enough .
