   the us is better at beer than europe now . 
  edit : so much butthurt americans lmao, 
   would you agree that beer competitions would be a good proxy for the best beer country, 
  of course not . 
  the only measure i can agree with , is quality ( not top quality , not bottom quality , no us craftbeer  german pissbeer obvious bullshi . 
  average quality , or average quality per money unit , in which both germans , czech , belgians beat the us handily . 
  look , i feel happy fo you that you got some better beer now but dont act like that 's a game changer . 
  and relying on craft beer ( probably less than 5 % of all beer produced ) to determine quality of a whole country 's beer is just laughable . 
  i got eye cancer, 
  ahh the same old tactics , ad hominem if you run out of arguments ^ ^, 
  at least we are not somalia, 
  such beautifully written story . 
  holocaust, 
  might as well play ad ahri then , 4 flashes, 
  hi there . 
  first time ever on this sub . 
  i just finished watching `` 5 centimeters per second '' , and i fell in love with it which left me wanting more . 
  the style , the story , mmmm . . 
  the films i saw and liked already :, 
  akira , ghost in the shell ( i loved the seriousness on these . ), 
  princess mononoke, 
  `` the girl who leapt through time '' is also something i enjoyed a lot . 
  way back i remember watching full metal panic and uh . . 
  i cant remember . . 
  it was about a little girl who had `` phantom arms '' or more like , tentacles , which were invisible but very lethal . 
  but the anime itself was surprisingly serious and thought provoking . 
  anyways so i guess i 'm lookin for either this `` reality with a twist '' or `` totally over-the-top scenery with real feelings '' like i remember fmp was . 
  ( i might remember wrong lol ) . 
  if that counts i also watched vampire hunter d and dragon ball but didnt like it . 
  i 'm not sure if this is the right way to post but i feel like i just stumbled upon a new world . 
  got any recommendations ? 
  where to sink all my free time in ? 
  will definitely check it out , thanks !, 
  yes , it was elfen lied !, 
  also thanks for the suggestion . 
  looks promising . 
  noted , thanks !, 
  had a legit level 99 smiter on 1.11 . 
  knew nothing about how stuff works on bnet . . 
  so i just joined hbs over and over and over ... 50 + times a day . 
  surprisingly , it was fun . 
  also i got some stuff for free , no idea how . 
  holy fuck what a great anime . 
  thanks again . 
  oh lol there wo n't be any turning back after that series , definitely . 
  evelynn hates you . . every 0.6 seconds, 
  i still call it pangaea, 
  so . . farting ? 
  prob runes ? 
  you can get 30 % cdr scaling from runes easily . 
  leaves space for armor/mpen as well, 
  cmon , plat 5 anally rapes everyone so at leats hes not a virgin, 
  holy shit its really good !, 
  and you look very happy doing that , 
  ye , all the others are shit though, 
  i imagine that 's what todays gamers will do when they will be old , and this lady is just 50 years ahead, 
  also c. hoff summers aka based mom, 
  that 's the spirit . 
  maybe write a novel about how you did it ? 
  i 'd read that, 
  notre-dame has some clever solutions !, 
  very nice, 
  clicker heroes . 
  i read implier lol, 
  i want muh season 1 eve stun back plox, 
  you mean eeve ? 
  to be honest you really should not do anything there . 
  you are a light tank and you were doing his job while being totally unqualified to do that . 
  it was perfect for you , but you occupied a lot of space better used for heavies . 
  from a team perspective it would have been better for you to spot elsewhere , on better scout places . 
  also if you are light and you wan na farm marks you just need to get better at spotting and lategame cleanup , instead of taking away spaces from heavies . 
  your post was anything but perfect . 
  but then you lose yoloburst by not going echoes-lich-nashors-dcap-mejais . 
  yes , nashors . 
  it maxes out cdr and gives nice damage to your e. 
  probably , but then i 'd lose significant downtime on w and e in fights . 
  i found that with nashors i dont lose much damage but i can go in with we again sooner , which can get me more kills . 
  also another echoes instead of boots, 
  i build neither of those :d, 
  no , its really not, 
  tfw i remember eve was an ad jungler with wriggles and fucking revive and it was fucking broken as shit, 
  way before , in season 1, 
  ahahah `` look at muh stats im good you dont so im right '' lol pathetic . 
  i 'm plat 5 atm , fell from plat 2 when i started playing other champs . 
  not like it matters , just shows how out-of-your-ass that guess was, 
  i did not say you are wrong . 
  it 's just that you are very bad at arguing, 
  no the main part of the game ( for them ) is to sell your liver for rp, 
  that way he wouldnt get karma m8, 
  they do but maybe this guy doesnt know, 
  red pot was better imo . 
  gave hp for level 1 or 2 cheese, 
  almost !, 
  it was like this :, 
  start of the game : completely fucking broken , but nobody could play her so it was considered a troll pick, 
  after sorakabot revive jungle started getting popularity : broken as fuck instaban ( along with kassa iirc ), 
  then nerf etc as you stated, 
  thats why i said imo, 
  her face looks really graceful in this picture . 
  im torrenting it,
