  unfortunately i play on plat 5 where teamwork is a myth so . . i only enjoy mf ( o.o ), 
  more like dudududududududududududududu, 
  i play retarded shit like ap trist in aram coz i dont give a fuck honestly . 
  i try 10000 % hard in ranked tho, 
  well you can go something like mallet hurricane bork or something on teemo . 
  ap build would be kinda suicidal into a galio, 
  well yeah but the point is , if you go ad then you are making galios itemization a bit harder at least . 
  whereas if you go ap you just letting him completely shit on you with the core items, 
  lol, 
  i dont think he was a sir at 1959 though ... 
  those without sound, 
  wtf i wrote 3, 
  the beauty of this is that you can go any build but the runes are exaxtly the same everywhere , be it ad , ap , tanky , lane or jungle :, 
  ap blues and quints , ad reds and armor yellows . 
  dft comes into play lategame if you are followup-initiating with your ulti.it also goes well with a magic pen build with liandris . 
  an usual dft build would look like : rylais , liandris , abyssal , void , rabadons . 
  ( lategame sell jungle item for voidstaff ) . 
  then your ulti does most of the work and a single q does a lot by itself . 
  i agree though , the tld bursty build is better for soloq . 
  fervor not so much since the fervor nerfs . 
  i dislike fervor cause it only applies to auto and evelynn autos less than people would think , but if you go tanky/as with shit like rylais/mallet and some speedup like triforce or yoyos , then it can be ok . 
  still , i find that lackluster to other usages of eve , but if they need a bruiser and no one else wants to pick that , and you are an eve otp , go for it . 
  myself i usually just go tld anyways and go tanky ap items ( protobelt , abyssal , rylais ) and still be relevant as an assasin . 
  early game your clear will be mostly q , and q ap ratio scales with level of the ability , making ap runes ( and items ) worth progressively more with each level in q. 
  plus , it gives flat burst to e with 1:1 ratio . 
  as ad quints you would have to auto a few times for the damage to equal , and a lot of times when you are in auto range , you casted an e and 1-2 q 's already , meaning you only go closer to auto . . 
  it 's dangerous , because as ap you can just stay at the edge of your q range and kit the enemy ( especially with rylais later ) . 
  tl ; dr : ap is safer cause you dont have to go closer for autoattacks, 
  i think you need to take it a bit less serious man . . 
  minecraft ? 
  fallout 2 no doubt . 
  every playthrough you are looking at potentially 80 + hours of gameplay and every playthough is different . . so different i played about 2000 hours on that game and there are still character types or personalities i wan na try out . 
  damn i might install it right now lol, 
  sold the boots for ludens , it gives less ap than a second dcap would give , for sure , but i needed the movespeed . 
  basically selling your boots for ludens lategame gives you free ap for very minor movespeed loss . 
  i almost always buy cdr boots , so thats a 10 % cdr loss as well , but at that pont its really doesnt matter since the game will be over as soon as my e connects with the enemy adc anyways . 
  edit : [ ayyy im off to a great start today ] ( http://imgur.com/1eunigd.jpg ), 
  why is there a guy filming all of this ? 
  either they were prepared to do this , or the guy giving his boots away did something before to make a stranger pick up his phone and start the camera . 
  i 'm thinking this guy just said to the man `` im going to give my boots to you '' or something like that , and someone heard it, 
  i was toplane against a nasus . 
  since he had no idea i got easily fed ( i think 3-0 in lane ) and then i started roaming . 
  i queued up jungle/top and got lastpick so i could `` counter '', 
  actually , eve 's early game is so strong she can afford dft to shift some power to lategame . 
  but if you read everything i wrote , i merely tried to rationalize dft not defending it , as this season from about 400 games i barely used dft . . maybe 3 games . 
  true , but i 'm playing in a plat 5 cancer right now and literally every game is 50 + min no matter what because a baroned up team up 20k cant siege 2 nexus turrets . 
  so because the average teamfightting level is so shit , games tend to be longer nowadays ( for me ) . 
  means that might as well prepare for a long game . . ( thats the secret to good kda : long games and just catching people out nonstop . ), 
  all in all , in my perspective , sure as fuck games are long , no matter the build . 
  ( problem with the burst eve is that she can not force objectives on her own : too weak to solo dragon , tower pushing makes her visible , etc etc. 
  all i can do really is to push towers . 
  yeah , imagine op is wrong and someone refutes it in the comments but this wouldnt reach frontpage if everyone would just pass it on without upvoting . 
  wait arent you the tits or ass guy ? 
  all i see is . . 
  i took nashors for the ap and cdr so i can spam e more often . 
  duskblade would be a waste since, 
  - doesnt give ap towards lichbane , echoes and rabadons, 
  - the passive is sort of a gamble . 
  if i fail to kill a target with e then at least i chunked them and i cna go away with w. but if the same happend with duskblade i wasted the passive . 
  - gives armorpen which only the e benefits from , and even that isnt much since the tld , lichbane and echoes are all magic . 
  eune by any chance ? 
  maybe , but since my post was about seeking a way to disable those , you dont help with your post . . 
  surely they do . 
  it 's just software . 
  it can be altered somehow . 
  actually , i 'm building nashors as 3rd item , because at that point , i 'm oneshotting people anyways , so i just get some cdr so i can rotate back to teamfight faster after a qew combo . 
  it becomes relevant after i buy rabadons , because lategame i will need some more kick anyways . 
  in short , for a full build , i sacrifice burst to gain ... burst ? 
  not worth imo, 
   grow up and make your head ignore those pings instead, 
  it 's harder than people think . . and im 30 . 
  grow up is a little bit condescending at this point ... 
  i just have a mental disorder and i dont want a programming nuance to get in the way of enjoying a game , is that too much ? 
  surely gon na try it in normals . . 
  i only needed like 20 seconds in to decide it probably very much likely is ... 
  what do you mean by global warming ? 
  i am eveiynn bot on eune, 
  indeed as her job is to blow up the carry , and carries typically dont build much resists . 
  side note , i stopped buying void staff on eve a few weeks ago and never looked back . 
  her damage is hybrid anyways , and some items just give more damage than voidstaff ( nashors for example ), 
  about tanks , the game is pretty much over when you kill the squishy carry , but lets say you are playing 1v9 and your team is so fucking retarded that they die to the enemy tanks by the time you blow up the carry ; in this case i guess you have to be able to 1v1 tanks . 
  then you need resists anyway , because the tank will have better base damages . 
  in this case abyssal would be your friend . 
  eve can build anything , they say but cleaver is one of the horrible items . 
  it gives % armorpen which implies you are going against tanks and you build ad , and no matter what ad build you use , tanks are going to shit on you . 
  cleaver is only for champs that do strictly physical damage and expected to 1v1 tanks lategame ( mf , darius for 2 different examples ), 
  you 're going same build as jungle except echoes instead of ludens and corrupring pot start , right ? 
  when i learned english , the biggest boost to me was when i entered english communities with my shitty knowledge and jsut started improving it by getting corrected all the time . 
  do n't know much about your hobbies , but for me gaming made it super easy . 
  i talk to friends over voice ( teamspeak skype etc ) in english all the time , and it takes just a few words to ask for someones time to practice . 
  i 'm about to learn danish this way . 
  doesnt need to be gaming though , i guess . 
  anything with an online community will do . 
  why , its a legit question, 
  or anything fnv quality . 
  more like , the latter tow dlc 's quality, 
  holy shit i forgot dark seal !, 
  of course , cause eve is all about making plays early game anyways . 
  ( i do buy darkseal in my first recall as jungler ), 
  do you upgrade the potion ?
