  dunno , i just thought there is a sercet op tactics like spamming gold form the 76 or something, 
  i would tell you a type 59 joke , but you wouldnt get it . 
  really good one , thanks, 
  the 105 mm is unreliable while the waffe prepares you for the playstlye of tanks coming , such as tiger, 
  he doesnt pen the 100y frontal armor ( everywhere . 
  somewhere it does ), 
  haha i have a bet what is the worst tier 6 heavy :d, 
  because its not apcr so even tho they got a detector mod they think its not gold . 
  same with lowtier jap meds, 
  yeah thats what i mean , if you load ap jut fire at his general direction and he dies , easy as that . 
  you should , overmatch makes you pen a lot of side armor thanks to the high caliber . 
  `` magic '', 
  good to see us engineers also went bonkers sometimes , not just ussr produced `` wild '' ideas . 
  no gun depression though , no pref mm , and he pens you . 
  i 'd say more like a cdc trainer :d, 
   french light tanks . 
  you can pen an is on the turret with it . . 
  i loved the a-44 too , the only problem was that everyone seemed to know where to shoot the cupola , so half of my sidescrapes were ineffective . 
  other than that , heavy hp ? 
  thank you very much . 
  i 'll take my free steel wall as well . 
  416 is fun as hell with the top turret though . 
  tiger p `` light '' !, 
  also good turret armor . 
  seems like someone didnt play the a-44 or the t-34-1 . 
  also , turret armor is better than the hellcat , but still shit . 
  anyone can easy pen with about ~ 170 pen , so most ruskies you encounter . 
  i guess cgc is a nice statpadding tank considering you basically have to shoot like 2 times to get a 3rd class mastery , and 4-5 shots per game average gets you purple wn8, 
  stock turret cant bounce shit while the top turret is immune to a lot of guns including soviet 122 mm ( i havent tested yeat , but facehugging is a good tacktics against a lot of tier 8 an lower tanks including t44 , spershing provided they dont shoot gold . . 
  it also has autobounce areas so you can sometimes bounce jagzilla , e100 etc. 
   no gun depression though , no pref mm , and he pens you, 
  i think you misunderstood , i described the t-28, 
  i like it , you can bring moar :d, 
  noting more satisfying after a long tilt streak than hop in muh 203 mm wonder cannon and blap some waffle for 1900 hp, 
  and me !, 
  ( last sale i couldnt buy any prem tanks below t7 coz i had all of them lol ), 
  or he unlocked the secret !, 
  so , all the op shit, 
  seems to me you are missing a font file . 
  reinstall should fix the problem , if not , then look after which font file wot uses and manually placing it on your windows / font folder, 
  it can be played like a shy td but its much more than that imo . 
  yes . 
  s-51 is underwhelming to play in tier 7 games, 
   starboard forequarter , immediately behind the glacis plate . 
  can you explain it in a picture ? 
  i have no idea what are you talking about, 
  if i miss its still ~ 700 dmg :d, 
  yep , although the jp2 is also great for the first 2 td-15, 
  also , is-7 is great for ht-15 as well , if you can find a good position for hulldown . 
  the is8 is not terrible , it just requires a different playstlye than the other tanks in that line . 
  treat it like a med and it will be fine, 
  entering, 
  thanks for the giveaway , 
  i would not call the metro 4 as `` success '' . . 
  yes , as explained above, 
  yes . 
  i hope the giveaway wont take place in the chat coz i cant connect to it - . -, 
  guy seems nice and honest btw . 
  am i the only one who got it on the second try ? 
  ( for stug ), 
  should i feel lucky ? 
  lol, 
  that tank is a battering ram i swear . 
  against japanese tanks you just have to sneeze on them and they explode . 
  b-but , collector value !, 
  low alpha but great dpm , excellent camo and accuracy . 
  so e25 and russian meds :d, 
  aced the tier 4 french arty , with 50 % crew and full stock config . 
  penned a su-100 side , he was raging after . 
  mmmm unicum tears . 
  also finally getting better on russian meds , on the 416 i 'm close to second gun mark . 
  didnt have money at that moment . 
  after the game i completed an arty mission so i could train the whole crew . 
  ( it was a new acc ), 
  since the bert rains fire from above its no difference between an rhm and an is3 :d, 
  `` lips '', 
  dude , schindler 's list is a mainstream uplifting movie . . 
  i prefer permatracking them for ~ 30 hp per shot , slowly killing them . 
  more suffering that way . 
  mice . 
  most worth it : type 64 . credit farm , strongholds , and no need for any gold ammo ever . 
  least worth : probably the tog . 
  not really , you just listed one strengths of an is6 while ignoring many weaknesses of it compared to wz . 
  o yeah , i meant that in strongholds too . 
  effective stowage , i hope its not 1-2 ammo . 
  would be a much needed perk for some tanks like the t67 . 
  strength in numbers seems like a very interesting perk , i wonder if it could open a way to give your platoonmate with 75 % crew a little bit better stats to help on his grind thus making the xp grind somewhat faster . 
  yeah and he was circling a 704 if i recall correctly . 
  sort of , but i think they overdid it, 
  that is theory . . but practice is different . 
  yeah , what a bitch . 
  it says in the description . 
  you dont have to block 1k anymore . 
  you jsut have to block highest amount on your team . 
  only ? 
  s-51 , full gold . 
  to be technical i think 212a is better , but in tier 7 you got a better chance of cramped up tanks, 
  starcraft/warcraft perhaps ? 
  although they are n't as grandiose as aoe is . 
  oh , another one i just remembered : command & conquer series !!,
