  honest hearts is . . fine i guess but the whole theme seems a little bit . . not fitting . 
  for me owb in softcore , dm in hardcore , 
  the only backside that it has a fucking high ap cost per shot . 
  ycs-186 for oneshotting deathclaws with sneak crits, 
  gobi for oneshotting everything smaller with sneak crits :d, 
  and for fun . . sleepytyme . 
  that too . 
  usually i can fire 2 or 3 shots per vats round while i can fire a lot more ( 6 , maybe 7 ) from a smaller gun , hell , even sleepytyme can fire 4 times per combat round, 
  looks like kowloon without all the dirt and `` bad things '', 
  hate , is a bad thing to do and it is controllable . 
  i prefer feeling sad for thsese people ; they need to learn much `` life '', 
  also vera 's dress on a skeleton . . brrrr, 
  perhaps latin , to make it classy, 
  i dont know i just stay in spawn as ashe , shooting arrows ... strafe amazon anyone ? 
  disagree , you have to practice with increasing ad as you level, 
  i think he can time it so that this quarter of second is in the exact same time when there is a gap between two arrows . 
  it has a cast time after all . . 
  and her w is multiple shot :d, 
  photos with girls posing like this make me so afraid there is less behind the glasses that she is showing . 
  please girls , prove me my fear is causeless . 
  so much photoshop ... 
  i 'm so glad i made my account wakka1337 . 
  it 's so cringe no one wants to steal it :d, 
  fuck me i bought pax sivir on ebay . 
  why did i even pay money for this game ? 
  so ... reverting all the nerfs :d, 
  edit : fuck me i got wooshed, 
  please , no . 
  yes . 
  technically i clicked on the edit button . 
  it looks like a shoe , lol, 
  everyone is a former wow player ... 
  i think wraiths get hp with game time , also they even have more hp at 1:40 than a smite/consume . 
  thats a looooooot of hp . 
  though q has a silence so you can cast another spell while they cant . 
  i have like 27 free , i dont even play it so anyone wants pm me, 
  it would be veizixing ? 
  . . for their sins . 
  according to him , almost everything modern people do is a sin . . 
   it is irrelevant that you 're a woman, 
  let me make clear that you are right in this case , but the above phrase is only working for this particular case . 
  redditor since 0 days . 
  seems legit :d, 
  brokenstard ... 
  now imagine my entire facebook feed  . <, 
  yup . 
  well technically there were explosions so the planes themselves can be considered bombs ? 
  a small recommendation for old world blues : emp or at least a high-damage melee weapon . 
  i played a char with 100 guns , 100 energy weapons , equipped with enough ammo for both of my guns but i found out that it is waaaaaay too much easier to kill roboscorpions with the protonic axe . 
  even though my melee weapons skill was 10ish . 
  that is right but i kind of disagree with the dead money part - i think , even though it might not be as cost-effective , simply a good guns , lots of crit and bloody mess ( i think ? ), 
  is safer against ghost people . 
  ( you have to go close with melee weapons , and some of these enemies have gas tanks and throwing spears ), 
  a crit to the head and they wont get up again ( iirc if you crit it it will cripple and they cant fight without a head , cant they ? ), 
  but doesnt that limit me to having veronica as a companion ? 
  oooh i totally forgot chems !, 
  thanks for reminding me ( time to makle a logans loophole char i guess , then ), 
  yeah , i remember doing those 5 quests in like 3 days irl because i got bored very fast :d, 
  now imagine me pointing the ycs at them and having to experience the same shit . 
  i didnt traveled the wasteland to the end and back , risking my life every minute , to end up with a weapon that can not even hurt my weakest-looking enemy !, 
  grrrrr, 
  meh , after i played the game like 20 times i found out that the easiest way to deal with this is just decide what companion i will recriut at the start of the game and dont even touch the others . 
  yeah , also it is kinda against the normal progression of the game to rush to freeside and recruit him . 
  you can do way better with recruiting boone first :d ( boone tip : do not do the quest `` booted '' given to you by boxcars at nipton before you recruit boone . 
  do it after , with him , it counts towards his companion quest . 
  ( just like killing vulpes inculta ), 
  so what chems did you use exactly ? 
  i always wiewed them as no-no because . . well in real life drugs are bad mmkay ? 
  never thought they can play so big role in the game they can tip the favor so you can bet opponents you couldnt otherwise . 
  sorry i thought you were the op i replied to , in the first place , 
  . hu on the sticker . . 
  i assume you are a fellow hungarian ? 
  cs\u0151 :d, 
  not really . 
  hungary was a monarchy till '18 ( although technically it was united with austria , it was 2 countries under the same crown . 
  also , with bigger territory including slovakia , part of czech , croatia , part of romania which extends the possibilities ) . 
  hungary is pretty much in its recent ( map ) form since 1920 but after that we had fascism , participated in wwii ( and i obviously ) and we were occupied by soviets 1946-1991 . 
  ( thats not a feat though , everything was soviet-occupied from berlin to kyev ), 
  you cant blame them though , political factors affected peoples education about it very highly , and differently . 
  i have a book about `` communist world wiew '' which was my father 's . . it was a class from his university . 
  he was a mechanic . 
  trust me on this : mute . 
  everybody . 
  diablo 2 anyone ? 
  ha  i get what you are saying although i can not really reply with some witty , insightful thing ( thus reap loads of karma ) because my diablo2 experience since 6 years , consists of mods ( 99 % eastern sun ) , i had a level 98 cb-smiter in early 1.11 days ( bnet eu ) but thats it , 
  fuck yes . 
  thanks for giving me something i can enjoy reading . 
  i really , really needed it . 
  well right now i 'm playing a private server which is badly in need of good players . . if you feel like to join you can pm me :d, 
  he will grow it out , dont worry . 
  or too young . 
  the internet is probably older than you anyway . 
  somewhere between a 8 and a 8.5 . 
  i do n't know . 
  i see new people every day , so my ideals are changing . 
  i like that you dont wear a necklace with the tshirt . 
  many young women do and it looks so ... eww, 
  good . 
  i feel like i wasted more than i should , knowing a bunch of virtual shit ? 
  it is useless .
