  yeah , but then you would lose the reload and aimtime boost of bia . 
  and smoothride + snapshot doesnt give you actual aimtime bonus which bia does . 
  i 'd say its a hetzer with turret ... aand 1km range :d, 
  can confirm , i have decent stats in it but outside of the tier 3 province trolololo games its fucking boring ... 
  or ask the owner to wear them so one can photograph it on his head ? 
  imo this guy on twitter should not be regarded as the ultimate , legitimate , unbiased source of information , and so we cant really be sure if that is true at all . . 
  personally i find it too ridiculous to be true , but fuck if i know ... 
  yeah ... nobody under plat could pull that off successfully though ( thank god ), 
  i think i 'm gon na keep the archer , everything about the tank sounds hilarious , and 170 pen means i wont need gold ammo ever . 
  i mean yes , they were doing it , but more often than not the enemy toplaner would just snowball teamfights before singed could get to inhibs . 
  i remember playing all sorts of weird stuff like ap yi top vs him rushing mejais and win ( silver-gold ) , it was easy as fuck . 
  to be honest , a stomp deserves less xp than a hard-fought battle . 
  stomps take less effort imo . 
  there is always more sides to one argument . 
  i think top clans just jelly at other clans getting more fame points than them . 
  because ppl use their ( possibly limited ) free time to go for cw instead of stronkholds . 
  better perfomance doesnt mean more effort you know ... 
  i think you misunderstood me here . 
  i dont mean you dont deserve points because you are better than the other guy . 
  what i mean , is fame point system is not equivalent to `` skill point system '' . 
  treat fame points ( and reward tanks ) as awards for participation and treat it as such . 
  also , fuck off of calling me dumb . 
  judgemental piece of shit . 
  just a side note , premium tanks will probably wont count towards the mission , just like in the case of the is6 mission last year . 
  three line , but only after t6 - i 'd say go for the light line since the type 58 suck dick . 
  i had to grind 100k xp on it , and looking back i would choose the 5916 instead in a heartbeat . 
  then you would crap your pants driving a t-34-85, 
  my efficiency is not really the point here . 
  it 's my intention, 
  oh the irony ... 
  well , i see it as a challenge . 
  if wg says 10 % i expect 1 % to do it anyways . 
  i have no problem owning a tank that only 1 % of the server population has , so the harder the mission the better for me . 
  coz i 'm gon na do it , whatever happens, 
  vk is going to get rekt by serb next patch tho, 
  ye , what i mean is that i dont give a shit about wg thinks , or others , im just going to do the mission and be happy with my even more rare tank . 
  but what if they are my parents who fund my studies  . <, 
  surprisingly accurate . 
  thank you for bringing this topic up . 
  yeah , justify yourself for yourself . 
  not for your friends or enemies . 
  if it is that far from op , then why isnt it back in the shop already ... ? 
  it 's not a cathedral though . 
  it was , yes, 
  from wikipedia ( but i can confirm ), 
   in november 2010 pope benedict xvi consecrated and proclaimed it a minor basilica , as distinct from a cathedral which must be the seat of a bishop . 
  leotard1 . 
  the title `` cathedral of stone and light '' can be interpreted symbolically so in that sense its fine . 
  i just wanted to refute a common misconception . 
  custom game mode, 
  i got that a lot , 
  i got a really , really unique tea house which i love , it has an indian/turkish vibe mixed with `` playground '' feel . 
  for example it has a stariway opening up from a wardrobe  it 's called sirius , it 's near astoria , in the street behind national museum , but i 'm in another city right now so you have to ask further/google if you are interested . 
  they make damn good tea , and you can waterpipe there . 
  the sirius has the same multilevel thing as well !, 
  ( or did it change name ? 
  i miss that teahouse . . havent been there for years ), 
  master wiggling and reverse sidescrape . 
  butt armor of kv5 is stronk . 
  only downhill though , 
  because they are just about to get buttraped by the ussr for 35 years straight ? 
  and he is trying to shame people wit issues , oh the irony !!!, 
  thats a week for me lol, 
   for me, 
  yeah , might be ten days . . ok, 
  wait what ? 
  b-but i care !, 
  and this is why i dont post here ... 
  who cares ? 
  just use it if you want to, 
  pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew enemy armor is destroyed !, 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised , given your attitude . 
  except for ratzilla, 
  at least it 's better than the 4k5 ... 
  more like the communication and ideology around it was shitty ( you know . . communism ), 
  i 'd say its more like communism made them even consider sending a dog to space without proper knowledge of what will happen . 
  ( cold war pressure ), 
  so there is a regular cw parallel to the ongoing ( tier 8 atm ) campaign ? 
  imo its just shit in itself, 
  any tank driven by anyone over 2k wn8, 
  none . 
  what are you , a pussy ? 
  how hard is it was to farm 3 marks on the flakbus ? 
  i know its relatively easy on the elc but the flakbus doesnt seem like a statpadder tank to me . . 
  i love the music choice :d, 
  mount vents + bino , get a good crew with wiewrange extending perks , go scout . 
  that is how i did when i got super bored near the end of my is7 grind . 
  whoops . 
  it didnt look like that and ~ ~ i were too lazy ~ ~ forgot to check, 
  i dont think you need camo if you wan na snipe from 400 + meters on tier 5-7 , plus the base camo isnt that good anyways . 
  although there arent many other equipment options to choose from ... 
   best td at tier 5, 
  t67 says `` k '', 
  the accuracy in itself wasnt nerfed iirc , they nerfed the bloom from turret traverse and accuracy on the move hard though . 
  that explains . . i sold my waffle before the nerfs, 
  oh , i see your point . 
  yeah t67 plays different from other td 's ( i think i read somewhere that it 's a `` light tank with td gun '' ), 
  and then getting oneshotted by 183 or arty . 
  i sold it for a different reason though ; i didnt have the credits to maintain it . 
  in order to stay in safe range i had to use gold on heavies , and back then i didnt know much about where to shoot .
