  i like how they mention in the asap video that they will nerf lowtier td wiewrange so that they dont get tier 8 med wiewrange , yet they leave the pak40 at 400m . 
  that thing now outspots every single tank it meets . 
  no t40 , 85b , s35 ca or t82 to spot you back when you snipe the enemy . 
  i look forward to use this tank with optics now instead of binos . 
  by the time 6th sense pops ( who the fuck uses 6th sense on tier 3-5 anyways ) they took 200 dmg already ... 
  o well , slap camonet on it instead of gld then . 
  hey / u/thyrotoxic , how about the m5a1 stuart after 9.6 then ? 
  it willh have 10m more wiewrange than the t67 , slightly less camo , slightly less dpm , but a way better handling turret and maneuverability plus the ability to play tier 4 games . 
  ( o well you prolly have to spam gold ), 
  it has very similar hp ( 10 difference iirc , cant check right now ) . 
  also scout mm yeah , but its tier 4 and has similar characteristics to a tier 5 tank, 
  triforce yoyos into tanky items are still strong imo . 
  but that might be the nostalgia speaking ... 
  at least that what i remember it being called from back then in season 1, 
  i checked the cards again , i remembered wrong ; it 's black knight, 
  black knight , sorry . 
  it is the black knight , and the answer is no . 
  many other cards have art with mouths open , should have clarified that the common thing is only common between these three . 
  black knight , i remembered the card name wrong , sorry . 
  not even close !, 
  ^ muhahahahaah, 
  also they are the only 3 with this common thing . 
  i dunno dude , it might be confirmation bias but i play versus vk 36.01 ( t6 german ) heavies a lot and i noticed way less fires when shot from the front . 
  come on . 
  would you really think that if that were the answer , i would open a thread for it ? 
  the answer is more distinct from this . 
  think outside the box a little , 
  keep thinking !, 
  i like the way you are going, 
  nope !, 
  so , theoretically , you basically can not lose ever if you have a stealthed malganis which your opponent can not take down with aoe spells or something like explosive sheep ? 
  i 'm a cheap fuck so i only bought naxx , therefore i dont have the majority of cards !, 
  i guess when it comes to fatigue the enemy 's options are limited anyways . 
  perhaps he has no minions or any cards at all . 
  you came twice i bet, 
  but surely there is some other cars with also this effect ? 
  my `` common thing '' is with only these three cards . 
  they do , but i woulda have to check all the other card names to ensure these are the only ones !, 
  do you think i did that ? 
  you are on the right track , but the answer is still far ... 
  that seems like a stretch , no !, 
  ( black knight is a monthy python reference anyways ), 
  i am not native english so i had to google the term `` why are firetrucks red '' , and i determined that its probably not . 
  clever . 
  i have to agree that it fits as a legit answer . 
  but dont be a smartass , try to think , 
  t-34-1 begs to differ, 
  i got a battle buddy last month , first time after 22k games :d, 
  wow . 
  no team damage 15 matches in a row iirc, 
  yeah ... 
  yeah , i heard somewhere in a video ( cant remember exactly ) that every premium tank supposed to be about 10 % worse than its non-premium counterpart . 
  i agree with it - no pay2win pls, 
  the hull . 
  can do the hungarian translation ( as long as the translatable words come in context - we use different grammar here ), 
  what about a `` tomato mode '' ? 
  replace `` battle '' to `` play with noob team '' etc. 
  also every language can have its own slang version ( i can do the hungarian as well as the `` norm '' version of it , obviously ), 
   team is nothing but shitters, 
  so ... you are a shitter too, 
  you dont seem happy at all, 
  aim for the engine deck . 
  these can help :, 
  - the crew skill that increases module damage chance, 
  - high caliber guns, 
  - using he on high caliber guns ( though i dont know which meds have viable he above tier 5 ), 
  - memorizing which tanks have diesel engine . 
  diesel engines have lower chance to get set on fire . 
  also , there is a crew skill on the commader ( or the gunner ? ), 
  that can see if the enemy tank has damaged module . 
  shoot at his engine deck , see if you damaged the engine and if yes , you can shoot again to set him on fire . 
  though i dont speak from experience , i got this mission on the first try ( i set a superpershing on fire with my own spersh ), 
  my point is , damage the engine first , then you have a good chance to set him on fire . 
  i shot that spot with arty and penned lol, 
  i dunno i liked the bf109 better . 
  probably because i owned like 3 different models of it though :d, 
  i only played it because i thought it might be a way to bond with my brothers . 
  well seems like i got hooked more than they did and now we dont really play much together because `` i take the game too seriously '', 
  they are also tomatoes and i 'm around 1.5 k overall ( 2.5 k recent ) so if we play a lot they kinda drive me nuts lol, 
  i really wish i could have energy to be patient ... 
  i already do , but its not a cakewalk , 
  and in danger they can just switch on the afterburner and gtfo on 800 km/h ? 
  play until your eyes are bleeding, 
  because `` her '' music is shit, 
  edit : lmao , / r/teenagers is leaking, 
  you dont even need that , a 4440 works just fine on max settings, 
  one of the best things in life to prove the bullies wrong . 
  good job on that . 
  also , you look nice , 
  played it long enough `` for teambattles '' i kinda grew into it . 
  it 's more frustrating to play now but i enjoyed the ram-shoot-ram sessions on himelsdorf, 
  pak40 , because mittengard , province , malinovka and prokhorovka, 
  although probably with the wiewrange nerfs its worse . 
  i dont know , i sold it to have its crew in the archer, 
  t67 because i am a goldspamming statpadding f * ggot, 
  kv-2 because no party without land arty, 
  e-25 because vroom vroom pew pew pew pew vroom vroom vroom, 
  just love that gun , especially that it was my first tier 8 med and its gun compared to other tier 8s i owned ( is-3 , is6 , kv5 , spersh ) is so good ... 
  9 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3jv9fnpjgk, 
  261 because i like to aim at weakspots with ap from 200m . . in arty,
