  eve . 
  what do i think ? 
  i think it 's, 
  - in the wrong subreddit, 
  - your friend has too much time, 
  wow this joke is so original . 
  holy shit i want reverse swain so bad, 
  it 's the word !, 
  you might be a realist , but you are also an asshole . 
  you could interpret your things way more nicer . 
  yeah once in a blue moon . 
  to think of that , once the same happened when i was playing eve . 
  i was chased by a riven and a talon , and suddenly karthus started to channel ult . 
  right before it hit my banshee popped and i got away with 40 hp , 
  true pain, 
  actually , everything in the bible itselft is a repost by that logic . . because it was god who dictated , amirite ? 
  see my flair , i 'm an agnostic - i do n't know if i should believe or not . 
  i 'm a creepy masochist , apparently . 
  ewwwwwwwwwwwww, 
  wooohoo so i can headbang with leona again !!, 
  metaaaaaaaal !!, 
  [ yes ... 
  yes ... 
  it 's gon na be the ride of your life ... [ ... ] get raped !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9ksltmcub8#t=0m25s ) - phantoml0rd, 
  worth to check it out , just because of the * tone *, 
  this one is classic . . dont even need to mention which champion he was playing :d, 
  a rare debate when the upvotes actually show who is right . 
  man , you should try that in ranked . 
  i once played evelynn in aram . . with zilean, 
  invisible debuff aura eve ( frozen heart etc ) + insivible double bombs ... oh man, 
  i see your team and i raise you with soraka , karthus , urgot , ziggs , maokai , 
  i ca n't remember all of my 4500 games so i mention some highlights i manage to get from my head . 
  normals :, 
  - ghost heal leblanc + ap eve toplane , oh god i got 30 kills in that game, 
  - from 0/8 to 21/9 with ad malz, 
  - evelynn pentakill ( suck it , bitches ), 
  - 22 kills as ap gangplank, 
  - warwick pentakill , went 20/0 in that game ( still lost but had fun ), 
  ranked :, 
  - carried a ranked with critplank , game lasted 70 min . . sold all my items for ap build before last teamfight , resulting in a clean ace and a triple for me, 
  - another game carried as ap mumu , it was a 4v5 , adrenaline was pumping on everyone , after game our swain said `` emotional roller coaster ... i literally cried guys '', 
  - ap mundo quadrakill ( yes , i play ap mundo in ranked , and yet to lose a single game ... deal with it ), 
  - 7 consecutive wins with ap sona + ap mf botlane ( back when mf ult did magic dmg ), 
  - 5 consecutive wins with vlad top + soraka mid combo, 
  today i played a very funny game as ap blitz . 
  we were losing slightly , but i was fed on cs . 
  my friends on skype missed all their skills in teamfights but i kept placing clutch grabs somehow . . and giggle every time , resulting in my friends laughing so hard we could n't even take the game seriously . 
  i think i wrote something after every kill of mine , like `` fisted ! '', 
  after a q kill etc. . . was very funny :d, 
  demanica ? 
  demonica ? 
  feels good man . . 
  especially when you are level 10 and game didnt pass 16 minute lol, 
  back then it dealt 45 dmg , not 30 . . even more, 
  that has been recmmended a shitload of times in a couple dozen different variations ... duh . 
  please make some search while trying to contribute . 
  it can save you a lot of thinking time , and a community some downvoting time . 
  no offense , i appreciate the effort , but ... you know . . 
  as for the post itself , they nerfed eve ** so she wont be able to jungle ** so it is very higly unlikely they make her in any form available to jungle , as it was mentioned in countless red posts . 
  therefore any attempt to recomment a quality change is futile . 
  i think they should just give back the stun . 
  this nerf clearly failed . 
  the slow nerf just caused way more harm than its worth ; okay its a tiny bit harder to stop low elo/newbs with , but it caused a massive hate storm towards anyone who pick/play her , is considered a trollpick , and generally just fuels the already heated rage-fire of non-full premade games . 
  role playing for fun is the most enjoyable part of league of legends . 
  imagine every game as lux beginning with `` field marshall luxanna crownguard reporting in , waiting for orders '' and using commando skin , with an enemy jarvan present :d, 
  similar to heimers laugh in a funny kind of way :d, 
  ur welcome, 
  you expect riot to bring out a champion every 2 weeks that blows your fucking mind ? 
  there is a saying in hungary to people like you who `` find even * shit * tasteless '' ( neked a szar is \u00edzetlen ), 
  just like riven was garen on sterioids lol ? 
  and everyone plays riven . 
  bookmarked until i memorize it word by word lol, 
  ty man :d, 
  i meant it in terms of doing tasks . 
  everything garen does , riven does better . 
  with more utility . 
  and they are both ad casters . 
  so basically , if a team can fit garen in , riven fits more , whatever the team is . 
  riven is like a replacement to garen in terms of viablity/serious play . 
  that is what i wanted to mean with `` garen on steroids '', 
  maybe you should rethink about your standards . 
  if you think its shit , it doesnt mean it 's shit . 
  its your opinion . 
  probably shit tons of others think otherwise . 
  dont judge riot if you cant do better , k ? 
  spell shielded countless ww/malz ults with sivir . . silencing/grabbing invisible shacos with blitz . . happens , 
  my most resembling one , was a fail grenade with galio , which intended to kill a low hp olaf flashing to baron pit from me . 
  well it didnt kill olaf but stealed baron :d, 
  i am completely aware about what garen does in lane , riven just has better numbers and erm . . versatile skillset and consistency all along the game ( garen falls off hard lategame ) . 
  better teamfights , more mobility etc. . what you want nowadays in toplaners is a gapcloser , a stun and fast clear , riven has all of that . 
  after riven patch no one picked garen in tournament play ( before that , iirc sypher skyyart picked it a few times , at least ), 
  oh just noticed , this is anouther kind of thread where op presents a shitty argument then proceeds to reply every single comment trying to prove his point thrashing the opposition but fails miserably . . my bad lol, 
  buying champions is free / discussion, 
  you can qq over things you pay for . 
  like skins . 
  although i must point that garen is waaaay funnier to play lol . 
  i hate cheeseburgers . 
  and eat something before spamming comments, 
  i do n't have to,
