  and shiv . 
  ult jumps are added as walk distance to shiv proc ( 30 or 40 iirc ) . 
  you can stack it up really fast lol, 
  i dont . 
  ap jungle lee sin . 
  we won . 
  more to that there was one clutch shield when i protected my toplaner from ignite . 
  maybe if i dont have that extra 50ish ap he would have died :d, 
  also morgana + kass, 
  not really , as soon as you inflict damage , homeguard boots has a 6 or 8 sec cd . 
  i can imagine he had full cd build for that, 
  who said he did ? 
  edit for some retards : `` i can imagine he did '' doesnt mean `` he did '' . 
  get some sense please . 
  boobs . 
  well they have legs and head, 
  i would n't call blitz 's thingy head, 
  blitzplank sounds more fluid imo, 
  this is not high tech at all . . 
  he is trying a bit too hard to look like a plat player , just dont mind him, 
  come on . 
  i didnt say it looks shit . 
  i just say it is definitely not the highest of . gif quality ( so not high-tech ) . 
  no offense . 
  it 's like saying porsche is the fastest car on the roads . 
  hey , its beautiful car and it is very fast . 
  but , for example , the bugatti veyron is probably way faster than any road prosche so it is probably a better contender to the title `` fastest road car '', 
  you know what i mean ? 
  that is stonewall for you . 
  if you want an easy assasin i would recommend eve . 
  i concur , i think fizz is harder to play than , say , ahri , who i consider as an assasin . 
  also lb is played as an assasin imo . 
  man you are sooo original, 
  outgoing , but . . might be a little bit . . too naive, 
  fizz has to time the pole and know when he can go out . 
  ahri is pretty much hit charm , unload combo , then go out with last tick of ult . 
  at least this is what i perceive , i might be wrong . 
  yeah i 'd wear that . 
  for like a minute , then it goes to ebay , i 'm buying a new apartment from that money . 
  lol, 
  still , lichbane is about burst ? 
  i just leveled up to 30 , name one champ , i 'll do it . 
  edit : i am serious . 
  also please dont mind the 2 kayle games i have atm . 
  yeha , now in s3 . 
  i tried jungling with galio in s1 and s2 as well , it sucked . 
  ( without some snowballing/smiteless obv ), 
  * cough * hotshotgg * cough *, 
  i dont understand the flash ghost . 
  i paly ap yi often and i think not even the flash is needed . 
  please , be respectful . 
  even if they ( us ) dont deserve it . 
  im waiting for his answer because of this :, 
   anyone that can hit plat playing one champ is okay in my book . 
  i dont think you get what people mean by sustained damage . 
  what you say its true , but all you get with lichbane is burst , so basically your definition of sustained damage in this case means `` having a little burst in every 2 sec '' . 
  now , what i really think is true about sustained damage , and its meaning is that basically you spread out your damage output smoothly and frequently . 
  a good example is eve q , low cooldown spell , much lower than lichbane proc . 
  now , if you want to increase the sustained damage on eve q , you should buy cdr , ap , mpen , and sometimes ad . 
  ( lizard ) . 
  asshole . 
  come on ... boooobs, 
  nah man they are not even a threat to that gun and boone . 
  also the shittiest one in 30 years . 
  shadow walk trololo, 
   with sword of the divine . 
  sotd ie mallet , and you are like rengar on steroids lol, 
  thanks , very nice find !, 
  althought pretty hard so search :(, 
  i dont think irelia is good early on . 
  all the pro games i saw ( i think 2 or 3 ) that featured irelia and a lane swap started with irelia being duo with the support until level 6-7 then swapping with the ad after . 
  i am not sure why , but i think irelia is very , very weak early in duo lanes . 
  well , vlad used to be the go-to 1v2 champ along with cho in season 1 when the roam meta ( taric eve or twitch ) was viable . 
  i guess we got more diverse botlanes now , to deal with vlad ... 
  i can hear them screaming `` weeeeeeeeeeeeee '', 
  i get 26 at best . . fuck off , 
  i usually start with normal support items, 
  i think it is a stream overlay, 
  why would anyone massage a tree ? 
  ye , the streamer itself is probably using an unmodded game . 
  many streamers do it . 
  i dont know about ui mods . . maybe leaguecraft has something . 
  it 's not my thing though . 
  its a bit more complicated , but google will explain it, 
  newsflash !!!!!!, 
  no one cares !, 
  or they have their own company maybe ?? 
  edit : yep , biased hate train here . 
  i love you . 
  bozar all the way, 
  idk man , . 
  i played with a lot of swedes and everyone was great ^ ^, 
  add malzahar for slow anims  . <, 
  least is probably eve . 
  q orbwalking is so weird . 
  but can be because f the w passive movement speed boost working, 
  i dont think they look at the cases at all . 
  no its either a bad joke or bullshit . 
  you report people in the endgame screen . 
  imagine the situation .
