  also kinda want to mention that it would be nice to time it so that the first 24 hours of referral is at the time when the gamescom special is , but that depends on when will wg support reset my acc . 
  the x5 for the first victory scales multiplicatively with the x4-x3-x2 referral xp bonus , so we 're looking at around 10k-ish xp per a decent win . 
  noobmeter is not working for me atm , and vbaddict didnt find you  mind telling me your wn8 ? 
  ( overall/recent ), 
  allright , deal . 
  i 'll write you a pm as soon as my account resets . 
  we also got ta talk about some tactics first . 
  dude , you dont remember me ? 
  you are on my ignore list . 
  gets bgh 'd or silenced . 
  demounted it temporarily . 
  but the fact that you replied to a 2 week old , totally irrelevant comment makes me think you are creeping my profile . 
  you could just ask . 
  do it . 
  the is-6 is an infinitely better purchase . 
  ( just prepare to shoot a lot of gold from it ), 
  2j too !, 
  guess nothing is sacred anymore . 
  honestly i think this is a face deck and so the hp is wasted . 
  from 2 mana you can deal a lot more damage . 
  in an ideal scenario you have an 1drop on the board and coin cb cb it , that is 8 dmg . 
  except with a little bit less swearing implied in the hungarian version . 
  it 's almost a pc version of `` fuck it '', 
  t-127 is a better sealclubber than this one , and in addition to that , t-127 can abuse 2j 's all day . 
  you cant pen the 127 frontally with a 2j but with apcr the 127 can wreck you . 
  how about you check the premium shop before crying about the issue ? 
  once someone in my own clan blacklisted me and when we later talked about it he said he could read what i wrote . 
  but maybe ask / u/jasonarena himself . 
  it is far from the best . 
  especially when you cant really compare it outside of its role . 
  how is it `` better '' than the grille or the kv-1 ? 
  no shit ? 
  i 'm just saying that you forgot to says `` in my opinion '', 
  also makes enrage effects stack ( as in , when you swap the hp it is considered full hp so you can enrage it again ), 
  funnily enough halal means death in hungarian, 
  that just doesnt work . 
  telling me to calm down then using derogatory term for me is counterproductive . 
  at this point , it makes no sense to . 
  you can pen it frontally with apcr from the 5 cm, 
  kuruc.info is an extreme rightis propaganda site . 
  not worth your time if you are intelligent enough to `` hear both sides '' . 
  looks like its pissing, 
  i did this mission at tier 5 3 times , all i can say is you better play solo, 
  a43 : gun handling is godlike , but pen and alpha is mediocre ( aka you got ta flank ), 
  t34-85 turret armor is nice , can hulldown as top tier , good alpha , blut slower . 
  so , depends on playstlye . 
  i like speed to flex so i took the a43 , but ground the 34-85 as well, 
  also dont fucking use the 57 mm, 
  also he mained teemo . 
  holy shit this dickhead, 
  i meant the a-43 actually . 
  the 57 mm there has negligible dpm difference , and the 76 is the weapon to use anyways , with the improved gunhandling and alpha . 
  he is just salty and probably lying about the hitlist . 
  no such thing . 
  wow thats a shitton of damage considering the low dpm of the tank, 
  [ replay ] ( http://wotreplays.com/site/2070206#malinovka-lefexel-su-122a ), 
  i love the su-122a . 
  i really think it should be tier 6 so i regularly failplatoon with it , because i feel like the 900 + alpha is wasted in tier 5 . 
  pictured above is a game where i carried 1v3 at the end in a tier 8 game . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bmawhtc.jpg ) is another `` fail `` platoon game where i managed to almost 3k dmg in 4 shots then died to a scout . 
  well i dont shoot any gold so why use the gun with higher apcr pen ? 
  just learn to flank bro , 
  edit : learn to flank , as in , if you dont want to use gold , that is . 
  i feel like killing myself ... 
  i 'd say it is the at 7, 
  maybe it has worse camo ? 
  i dunno , if i were wg i wouldnt release a tank that is superior in every single aspect to some existing one . 
  the cromwell is dreaming about the gun softstats of the a-43 tho, 
  alpha is worse too . 
  by just a little bit though, 
  right . . 
  i 'll seek a therapist sometime . 
  thanks for the comment, 
  you cant really `` abuse '' gun depression if you have no armor and shit reverse speed . 
  first , master the kv1 , then get a tank that is similar , but leans more towards the playstyle of a tank you aim for . 
  for example , the kv-1s is a heavy , but faster and lighter armored , so it play a bit similar to a medium . 
  after you master that tank too , you can make another jump ( t-34 would be my first recommendation and then the t-34-85 ) . 
  by master , i mean positive winrate , and good damage ( at the very least you should do your hp in average per game , if you do 2x that you are very good - for heavies . ), 
  and then you get artied for moving slowly . 
  and only 2 uses them, 
  problem is , most of the time you will get exposed as your aimtime is not much shorter than your reload . 
  moreover to that , the on the move accuracy is leagues better on the 76, 
  allright , first time i meet thyro in a game i 'll tk him for being a cunt and post his reaction . 
  i predict massive amounts of salt . 
  i dont think we are talking about the same tanks . 
  jsut try out the a-43 with both guns for 10 + games each and see the difference ( in gun handling ) for yourself . 
  i wasnt being literal . 
  unlike you, 
  lmao the stock gun is actually nice on it . 
  just shoot ap, 
  different thing . 
  stock gun on su-14-1 has ap instead of heat , with better pen , rof and accuracy . 
  edit : nevermind i thought the stock guns are the same on both the s-51 and the su-14-1 . 
  yeah , that doesnt really work well . 
  it works though . 
  i still think there are much worse stock guns in the game , for example the su-5 or bishop, 
  isnt that exactly what you did to me though ? 
  with creeping my profile and all ? 
  ok , i take back my point then . 
  calling me a moron though , just because i refused to give up my argument , is not really mature at all , honestly .
