  would you recommend the agrivis set if available ? 
  i have pieces of it, 
   you can use fireblast + off then greater fireblast from ember + flintcore bolts if you have for leveling until you can switch into better gea, 
  that is exactly what i 'm doing yes :d, 
  lol its lego you can swap it yourself to whatever you want, 
  he is very articulate though, 
  i 'm only about 15 mintues in , but i understood everything, 
  and you overcap cdr lmao, 
  i found out maxing aether res is just fine against lucius , i mainly have problems on level 149 really, 
  i dont think so , you wasted 4-500 ish gold already on cdr for a start and have no sustain . 
  plus triforce is the best item for eve in terms of slot effectiveness . 
  well then i 'm just gon na ignore what you said . 
  this is not how discussions go ... 
  also the water would only flow for a maximum of , say , 500 years . 
  i really think the accumuated salt from the water would just clog it, 
  thanks for all 100, 
  i 'd argue that if you do n't oneshot people and buy ad , that means if you dont constantly auto then might as well buy ap . 
  therefore , attack speed makes it easier to kite , because one attack takes less time and you can spend more % of the time repositioning between attacks . 
  of course you can also attack more times per second , and it 's wasted if you ca n't reposition fast enough between attacks , but you can still attack faster . 
  also movespeed obviously isnt ' t an issue with eve since she got w. therefore attack speed is not as wasted as you might think . 
  i 's surely not as gold efficient as ap obviously because she gots a 110 % as buff on level 5 e anyways so why bother buying as , but it 's not completely wasted . 
  and even if so , the total wasted amount is not 1100 since you can make use of the cdr . 
  by the way i did not say gold efficient , i said slot efficient . 
  one more thing , you do n't jungle with eve , you constantly roam after 6 . 
  you barely take any jungle camp after you get rolling . 
  you get gold from assists and kills , and objectives . 
  not, 
  eve top demolishes nasus and malph.at least on g4-5 lol, 
  there should be a partner finder for depressed people . . 
  hey ummmm is that iskandras for barter ? 
  forcewave enthusiast here  just want to add my 2 cents . 
  as / u/roalddhalgren stated fw needs its own build and battlemage is not the way to go for that . 
  for resist reduction there is warcry but really , you dont need it that much until very very late game . 
  forcewave is unique in a few aspects and so it is much , much harder to itemize for . 
  ( learnt that the hard way ) . 
  some tips if you are going sword +1 h :, 
  - you dont always need menhirs bulwark , you can gear for aether with reckless power ( i 'm currently leveling a level 77 callidors tempest battlemage with aether focus , it 's a blast to play ), 
  - if you are unsure about how much tankiness you need , it 's easier to just go for tankiness wherever you can , and slowly swapping it out for damage if you find yourself slow to clear mobs . 
  ( tree of life + scales of ulcama is very good for both mana and hp sustain , and shieldmaiden + obelish of menhir contain some very decent defensive devotions , all in the blue/yellow part of the devotion tree . 
  - max all your resists . 
  scars of battle + conversion is very good if you do n't find yourself some good items in that category . 
  - do n't overcap your resists though , it 's wasted item slots . 
  juggle a bit with items , see how you can squeeze the maximum out of your build . 
  if you decide to make fw as your main attack , tell me and i can provide some tips but i wouldnt recomment it for anything else than your main attack . 
  ( with a 2h weapon + tremor , and not battlemage - commando is much , much better for that ), 
  you are going to shred thrash mobs with cadence and the mobs that you would need a stun against , are pretty much immune or resistant to it . 
  if you have trouble against a group of mobs , try other , `` free '' cc effects such as confuse retaliation , flashbang or devotion procs like blind sage . 
  cadence damage type depends on your build , i would recommend going for blind sage + elemental damage if you fancy that , otherwise physical is superior since way less mobs have resists to it . 
  i guess you can take fw as an 1 point wonder if you really want to , but i would aim for a build that doesnt need it . 
  another thing : ather ray maxed out takes about 1200-1400 energy per sec lol . 
  probably wont have enough mana to use ct with that ( ct uses up all your mana initself anyways ), 
  ghoul is better for life leech , 
  yeah , focus on one damage type , or 2-3 if they are bunched togetther often ( physical-trauma-bleed for example ), 
  aww fuk :d worth a try tho . 
  nice find btw, 
  dad used to be in a position similar to ( or exactly ) this ; his position was called ` locator ', 
  sound , rockmaraton ... 
  there are a few areas in buda which we consider `` rich-land '' , otherwise it 's similar . 
  . . if you are christian that is ( which obviously the vast majority of hungarians are ), 
  a door was closing when i was rushing to take the train . 
  it hit me on one of my legs . 
  nothing happened , i did not even feel any pain afterwards . 
  for some , it has a romantic element to it . 
  i mean , most of us grew up in these ... 
  a small thing , when we greet multiple people we say `` sziasztok '' . 
  `` szia '' is strictly only when you greet one person . 
  drink lots of p\u00e1linka beforehand . 
  no , but really , the alcohol helps you digest the meat a bit better . 
  dobog\u00f3k\u0151 is my favourite , absolutely stunning landscape . 
  v\u00e1g valley also . 
  i 'd say v\u00f6r\u00f6s comes from v\u00e9r ( = blood ) anyways so the crimson analogy seems appropiate, 
  admit it , you actually wanted to make this joke but felt shit so you framed it as a question instead . 
  heard the joke too often, 
  speak only for yourself i love horse meat lol, 
  i 'd recommend depresszi\u00f3 , 30y , kowalsky meg a vega ( dont know how the fuck you spell that ) , but honestly they are all on the popular side . 
  my favourite dalriada is already mentioned so you are good to go i guess :d, 
  nobody cares about your beliefs . 
  nominally . . and culturally . 
  which is , after all , the relevant factor determining whether or not you are likely to have this at your home, 
  i 'm not saying if you are a christian you have this . 
  i 'm saying probably only christians have this, 
  i misused the word then , i 'm sorry . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker . 
  thing is , to people like us hungarians who are so fed up with this joke , we see right through you in situations like these :d, 
  better to forget the word `` hungry '' in the presence of hungarians . . such a big trigger :d, 
  lie ; if you would only speak to him you would pm, 
  effort post for sure . 
  great read , thank you, 
  not an argument , 
  and what makes you think pointing out what you think is true without any plausible explanation is going to matter enough that its worth to make the effort to type it ? 
  it 's settled then . 
  tfw i got cancer from playing in gold elo for 7 years, 
  i 'd trade my 1 mil eve mastery for that skin lol, 
  i dont care , it was funny for me . 
  i count more than 6 ... 
  sejize *, 
  i thought it stands for constantly losing games, 
  this looks nothing like rococo , you have to learn architecture again, 
  i get the feeling its a footfetish pic, 
  this , basically the problem is not the format or the port , or the protocol used - the problem is that usb has liberties that the cd doesnt .
