  what the shit brb spamming ad malz . 
  with some chili , mmmmm ... 
  he changed the name . . sherlock, 
  some numbers are missing at the end , i 'm pretty sure 84 is the sagrada familia in barcelona, 
  still a high building ? 
  lol . 
  get your facts straight . 
  the sagrada fam\u00edlia started in 1882 . although i admit that the picture 84 can not be it because it became  that < tall later . 
  but thats not my point . 
  also , what i mean is that if a building is high , even incomplete , can be included in a list of tall buidings . 
  remember burj dubai ? 
  it wasnt even complete when people started to mention is as the worlds tallest building . 
  of course . . jesus , are you that kind of person who has to have the last word in a dispute to feel good ? 
  chill . 
  or heimer, 
  after selling all your items for boots5 + wards :, 
  `` time to feeeeed ! '', 
  fuck no , she is better as ap mid, 
  well i had success with abusing her level 3 burst with mpen runepage , lol, 
  preseason . 
  its not even s3 yet, 
  tell me when you reach 8000, 
  schink ... 
  splat ! '', 
  repeat . 
  except eve , she 1hits the carry then rapes the tanks, 
  also remember to buy iceborn gauntlet , lol, 
  you might wan na see my q button after playing 600 + eve games lol, 
  i won with tiamat critplank . 
  after the game i had exactly 10001 ip :d, 
  and if you dont buy . . he * rages ? 
  you mean on gangplank right, 
  i disagree , kog with karthus passive , imagine the horror, 
  interesting you say , kayle actually had a very similar passive to akali before the rework . 
  she used to be retardedly op because her passive gave ap every ad you buy and vice versa . 
  rageblade and some cdr was all she needed to rape . 
  oh my god, 
  vodiling with evelynn , my two favourite things in this game . 
  the horror . 
  more like , ryze with singed passive . 
  no taric flair , 5/10, 
  imagine nautilus passive on twitch . 
  them ganks, 
  or on karthus ? 
  every single ult stuns everyone globally ? 
  sion ? 
  says leblanc, 
  smells like you maaaaaaddddd, 
  mao flair , 10/10, 
  this one time in solo queue , the enemy team forgot to ban . . 
  and annie . 
  and leona . 
  and twitch, 
  teamfights lasted about 1.5 sec at most . 
  laughs were had :d, 
  what about yorick oh my god, 
  or soraka for raidboss power, 
  boots ? 
  nono . 
  it is assumed you have it . 
  league of legends , duh, 
  add utility mastery for and extra pot trololo, 
  dude , wtf , phage doesnt stack with triforce ( and before you say . . neither does mallet ), 
  muffit i summon you, 
  it was the wtf mode no ? 
  things i wan na see . . 
  transferring gold/items to another player nearby . 
  ( think about supports as potion whores now , or if you get fed you can help out a feeder in your team ), 
  zhonyas on teammate/enemy , that would be op and hilarious trolling opportunity , youcant attack in zhonyas so ima steal ur blue/baron etc. 
  but the most of all , i would see , tiamat/hydra applying on-hit effects . 
  imagine warwick ulting an entire enemy team :d, 
  in a nutshell , the game is awesome but the community is awful . 
  expect to be flamed a lot . 
  it 's worth to try though , if you can shrug off the shittalk . 
  probably leona . 
  strong , beautiful woman with a sense of humor . 
  my type . 
  or , eve . 
  for [ obvious reasons ] ( http://www.lolking.net/models/?champion=28&amp;skin=2 ), 
  i just make yorick ult my eve . 
  muffit examined my play once , all that he said is was `` you did everything right '' . 
  thanks bro , why im not in the 2.2 k then, 
  lol, 
  this is just so much more than an average dnb track . . 
  i think it shows how diffenet dnb is . . so much . . feelings . . 
  i 'm a religious eve main , more like an eve enthusiast . 
  i played more than 700 games with her , and know her inside out . 
  i can help you out about the philosophy , gameplan , items , masteries etc. 
  the problem is , i 'm 1300 elo ( although i have experience about playstyles up to 2k ) . 
  if you can accept that i 'm gladly helping you . 
  i 'm evelynn , the woman of your dream, 
  too bad it 's a nightmare and i like it when you scream !, 
  not to mention cho can itemize so that he just doesnt fucking die . 
  ever, 
  i 'm downvoted because people of this subreddit has a general oponion that sub-1600 players arent allowed to live . 
  you forgot varus , yo, 
  the oldest is skarner, 
  yeah me neither , sorry  . <, 
  maybe a very long spear, 
  patchday in soloq : `` i 'm the best . . and everyone else is thresh '',
