  holy shit am i a bad person for recignizing that reference ? 
  soo , you are an overdog ? 
  it also gives ms, 
  i 'd argue that in some cases bork and muramana are more effective then gunblade . 
  triforce though , its sick, 
   ~ ~ one of ~ ~ the very best, 
  the title is `` when the servers go down '', 
  i 'd suggest or vote , but i feel like my taste is not in any way similar to what the general public should like when playing as eve , so even if my suggestions would make it , people just would n't like it . 
  i uh . . kinda liked the annie part lol, 
  true . 
  it was futa . 
  i do n't like futa , though i agree on the quality, 
  yeah , yeah . 
  couldnt really enjoy the first half anyways beacause it was tagged as futa already . 
  welcome to the club < 3, 
  is this a cake topper ? 
  i think he referenced full metal panic, 
  or perhaps naruto has similar named characters lol, 
   eves early game damage is laughable, 
  same actually, 
  burst items : ludens , lichbane and sometimes gunblade, 
  the taric is so cute . . olaf too lol, 
  elise only if she hits cocoon . 
  lee . . yeah but he has to use every spell . 
  kha , only if isolated . 
  graves . . is broken as shit . 
  you are right on those champs but it 's mostly because pre 6 all of them has some damage mitigation method ( lee shield , graves true grit , kha jump away ) and sustain , while eve doesnt . 
  in lane for example , she has excellent damage pre 6 . she out damages even yasuo level 1 . 
  so it really depends on how do you define early game damage . 
  it seems you mean duel potential . 
  well in terms of raw damage eve has a lot . 
  problem is she doesnt have anything else than damage . 
  so i have to say , you are wrong, 
  well . . dont duel then . 
  lol, 
  i 've tried this item out on a few lethality champs and all i can sa it 's busted now . 
  maybe a lethality build can be viable with fervor + warrior , duskblade , edge of night then tank, 
  only 4 of the 37 animes you watched has 10 score , and one of them is toradora . 
  i already like you, 
  * saving *, 
  i always imagined the king as just a fat villager . 
  i hate to break it to you , but the americas do n't have horses . 
  immersion ruined . 
  i just read that as plumed retards and just imagined a bad player suiciding his plumed archers . 
  i understood the joke . 
  it was bad . 
  i was trying to joke further . 
  looks like a reverse whoosh to me, 
  11 and chicken noises . 
  well they are, 
  is that her leg on the left ? 
  works , but lethailty eve sucks dick compared to ap eve or even tanky ad . 
  although duskblade in itself might be uselful for a hybrid burst build ( with things like deadmans and titanic hydra ), 
  iwas going to say they did nice job on the shoes, 
  indeed, 
  if you are not playing ap nasus in aram you are doing it wrong ... 
  holy shit , well done !, 
  hope to see more from you , 
  come ooooooooooon . . what is the secret ? 
  oh the irony, 
  this is the best one . 
  it looks like she just got her headphones off just to listen to someone, 
  is this a harry potter crossover ? 
  lol, 
  i do the cowsep cheese a lot : do your own red without smite , go to enemy jungle , kill thir jungler . 
  if you get low you can smite for hp or for steal . 
  holy shit that is utter garbage, 
  paging / u/fuckswithducks, 
  so um , brand shoots an ezreal q ? 
  why not just repost lol . 
  or use holofan4life 's link ( please sort out the nsfw tho ), 
  i think it 's implied in the anime that she is over 18 . 
  when they elope they said they have to wait until ryu is 18 . 
  if taiga were 17 then they would mention that too , so its indirectly implied she is over imo, 
  umm , what 's the bottom left is from ? 
  ayyyy, 
  / r/wholesome4chan, 
  got perma 'd this way :(, 
  no it was worse , with apcr you had no problem pennign t7 heavies from the front . 
  as an e25 sometimes gold isnt enough to pen t8s , especially the new ones, 
  that is true , and my ban was justified - in the sense that if you see my tribunal cases , some of them were liegit flaming . 
  problem is , those flamings wouldnt even get you reported nowadays , and i got in there by reported previously enough times - for playing eve . 
  this is obvious when you look at my tribunal case in itself . 
  it contains 6 games iirc . 
  one of those games my only offense was that i stole red ( as a fed teemo ) from our adc ; another game whre i played mid ezreal in a normal game and got reported from a 4 man group ; another one where i played support taric and played really bad . 
  if the last case is half with games like these imagine what 3 years of playing eve was like ... 
  how the fuck can you choose the best ones lol, 
  yes . 
  i would probably not make a diablo 2 tattoo right now , but if i made one in the 2000s i would not regret it even today . 
  it was such a big part of my life , it is part of what makes me now . 
  so even if i dont like it , it would be a mark of what makes me . 
  similar to something like a scar, 
  no , he is saying that since they can disable champs in aram they can disable champs in urf too, 
  am i the only one who cant unsee her moustache lol, 
  which film is it from ? 
  not sure if i understand it the way op intended , but here it goes :, 
  cod mw ruined fps for me . 
  from then on i only wiewed fpses as a film you play through . 
  las fps i played . 
  and i was a huge quake3/ut fan back in the day .
