  my point is that ms has diminishing returns in effectiveness anyways so after tier 2 boots and another pd then the phage isnt as effective . 
  also more crit . 
  i meant the passive damage on the nashors, 
  harrison jones doesnt ring a bell ? 
  itt : people still dont get arty, 
  kaceytron is not that attractive, 
  edit : i mean in comparison . 
  i get it that kim is also not really attractive , but at least she is way higher than kacey . . come on guys . 
  oh , point taken, 
  to me , the previous games come as a sort-of guarantee . 
  fallout has a very dedicated fanbase so the company is under pressure as well , to not fuck up the game . 
  i understand how can they exploit this but there are very few game developers i could trust not to do this and one of them is bethesda . 
  of course im not going to buy this game though , before reviews , because im short on money and i wan na make sure the money i spare by working and extra weekend is worth it . 
  but if i had the money i would definitely preorder because i have enough money to risk , and i think a lot of people have too . 
  also this `` no preorder '' thing is , while a noble goal , ultimately , wont do shit against the motivations of richer people . 
  so they are taking away a novel concept of the game to put something in which is basically just a naked jpe100 . 
  i 'm not saying it 's bad , but i would have welcomed an idea that is more unique . 
  i mean i feel like the same thing about the fv4005 . 
  its an okay tank in itself , but why grind the whole line up to tier 10 just so you can have a little more speed than the deathstar ? 
  if it had a fully traversible turret i would have said : nice , at least we got some flexibility . 
  but if you put something in the game that is barely different from another existing tank , then i 'll just play the existing tank and say fuck it . 
  no shit sherlock ? 
  well the jagzilla has 420 heat, 
  how about simply not posting them then ? 
  you should fuck right off, 
  i mean you should not post shitposts if you dont want shitposts . 
  you mean / r/60fpsporn, 
  welp after 14 downvotes , time to upvote you . 
  good point . 
  op slipped on a tiny little thing . 
  he knew the ally tank is coming behind him so basically he expected the ally tank to stop in dangerous place to let him aim . 
  another thing is the team damage , yeah thats not nice, 
  anger makes you bad decisions mmkay ? 
  o well umm i kinda forgot to tell i 'm f2p outside of naxx + brm so i dont have malganis or boom . 
  ( i 'm using kt+n efarian instead ) perhaps its viable swapping a sea giant out, 
  i 'm taking it as a challenge . 
  i 'll do it on amx 13 am . 
  `` you are so smart college will be easy '', 
  edit : nice to see a comment that is so belongs to / r/depression , getting treated nicely , outside of it, 
  yeah `` you dont look like you have problems and we cant deal with it anyways so lets pretend you dont have any '' story of my life  . <, 
  no i meant i am fully f2p except i bought naxx and brm . 
  ... unable to fire because you are in water ... 
  it smells a lot like ketchup in here if you catch my drift . 
  haunting , my ass . . 
  no it isnt, 
  pak40 is fun in the assraping kind . 
  iij is gun if you are okay wasting 60k credits per game . 
  otherwise , probably sexton , cause you gon na need to spam gold in basically every other t3 prem . 
  or maybe just you have bad taste, 
  i agree it is weird and grotesque , but if you think its random it shows you didnt really dig into it . 
  faceless 'd an enemy sylvanas . 
  he just fireballed his own stealing mine , and then i couldnt play shit, 
  / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  reminds me of the braveheart warpaint, 
  what this guy means is that shoot him on the back because if you dont do , he will do it agein, 
  possibly you got some mods that lock it ? 
  there are some mods out there that change the tech tree , or not let you use free xp ( to save it ) , etc etc. 
  one of them might be bugged . 
  i 'm pretty sure the latter is more true but idk . 
  he has around 3k wn8 after all , without padding . 
  dont argue with this guy , he is an ignorant fool, 
  what is a beta reroll ? 
  i only play since about 2 years, 
  i assume you meant the eu server right ? 
  i speak english , and i like to say i 'm a decent player myself ( 1550 wn8 , recent is 1.9 k ), 
  well i would like to reroll cause i want to know my real strength , but i dont wan na statpad too much on lowtiers ( for credits and 6th sense xp ) so an xp-boosted platooning session would be nice . 
  and i dont have money for a premium acc right now . 
  first of all . 
  forget your t34 for now . 
  higher tier tanks require experience that you can only achieve by grinding your way up to that tier and then some , therefore i would suggest you to go up the us heavy line first at least to the t32 , play on each tier a lot before buying the next tier tank . 
  by the time you get to the t32 you should have a decent crew and a lot of knowledge about a similar tank . 
  it 's like you got a ferrari and you dont even have a drivers licence right now . 
  he offers more ; we wants to platoon for x2 xp bonus the referral system gives in exchange to be his referral, 
  wotreddit is na only and op is prolly on eu, 
  yeah the m3 lee is basically a td . 
  also i suggest not buying the next tank right away after you research it ; play a bit more every tank and get comfortable with it . 
  exceplt the lee , fuck that tank . 
  but beginning with the t1 heavy , basically every tank is very good in that line . 
  i think if the dw2 would have had its accuracy buffed it would be a decent tank . 
  it has good gold ammo vs tier 5s anyways but its accuracy is piss poor for a tank like that , and its nothing like the vk 3001 anyways . 
  buff - midtier arty needs a splash dmg buff imo . 
  a lot of arty lines just go up from 2m to 6-7m suddenly . 
  nerf : black prince front armor . 
  or am i just retarded and cant pen it , but i had trouble with its lfp when i was in the tiger . . 
  i wouldnt call 2.5 k dpm amazing . 
  my su-122-44 has 3.7 k, 
  yeah , i figured it out after i replied  but poe 's law got me for a second there, 
  let me guess : leopard i is one of them ? 
  i see , thanks for the info . 
  i dunno i never played it but the gun stats looked nice ( played the 17pdr on a lot of other tanks ) and if it has the gun handling of the tog it would be good, 
  well its `` balanced '' in a sense that if you play it as a heavy tank you get rekked by arty every time . 
  sort of like how they `` balance '' the type 59g in china . 
  also i suck in it ( sort of . 
  have 1 star on gun ) so i cant really talk about it, 
  you mean illustrated ? 
  holy shitballs it took me like 3 months to complete it in is-6 . . who shot you , some retard in a hetzer ap or something ? 
  i just suck in heavies . 
  i did it eventually , but at that time i didnt shoot any gold whatsoever so my damage sucked anyways . 
  fun fact though , the game i completed it in , i did no damage and blocked 5k before dying . 
  then i did the t28 with the is-7 easily .
