  been a long while, 
  cant even buy triforce on kass ; _ ;, 
  it is doiminion looking into the picks , blue team doesnt have renged ad when the purple has 2 . purple has no support etc. 
  it 's dominion i think , and the visual bug is that it 's not really ranked . 
  not at all . 
  just look at froggen 's stream for example , he is one of the best players of the world on anivia and doesnt smartcast at all . 
  ever . 
  maybe even faster if mid pulls and top does damage too . 
  they take 0 dmg after all . . 
  i dont even know who this little boy i should hate . 
  so i dont . 
  therefore you are wrong, 
  just like old eve was with ulti passive assist heal . 
  part of the reason ga was core on her . 
  i think it works with any dot heal like volibear passive or even catalyst, 
  his passive price ( 1200g ) is decently high for that, 
  though, 
  xkdc + qc ftw, 
  i call it how i want . 
  exatctly . 
  although this thread just show the community is not sharing one opinion about that . 
  we might need to have a voting about it or something i believe . 
  good old times , i remember when i discovered it , it was around episode 1200 so i brought my laptop into a caf\u00e9 , stealing their wifi , reading qc for 8 hours straight ... 
  to people discouraged by the above gentleman posting , let me provide a counter example : i bought my pax sivir on ebay for 10 bucks and the seller 's email arrived within 6 minutes of spending the money . 
  there is not only bad experiences on ebay :d, 
  nope , i fell in love with eve again after i theorycrafted a bit and realized her new role - ap carry . 
  edit : full credit to shushei, 
  pretty much , im trying to counter this to make women feel special when i meet them , but most of them i think still has inferiority complex . 
  i played it 1.5 years ago , so what ? 
  yep , molds and other things . 
  he liked to build things on-the-fly , basically he invented every technology he used right before it was needed . 
  i have my own hatesquad here ... you new ? 
  and tencent owns riot ... 
  snatching 2 codes is assholery . 
  let the others get their own too ... 
   2 ) change/remove items, 
  vayne with sod start , good old times ; _ ;, 
  shred twitch anyone ? 
  still , you can fuck off . 
  i do n't know , they gained over time . 
  at first i was like : meh , another bad teemo . 
  then i was like : asdf asdhfrzkjseh\u00cdysc hyscardfadfasdfahahahaah, 
  what a nice person  thanks in the name of the community bro, 
  i made controversial and explicit comments , or generally comments that many people didnt agree with . 
  i get comments like this daily : `` why every comment you make is such untrue bullshit ? '', 
  when my comment was something like `` champion with hard cc doesnt necessarily build rylais '' or something like that . 
  whatever ... its the internet , i dont give a fuck, 
  charles manson , the widowmaker, 
  anakin skywaker , the starchild, 
  garry kasparov , the master tactician, 
  my favourite : ** marie curie , the lady of luminosity **, 
  nickelback - the eternal nightmare, 
  i think stalin literally means steel man . . ? 
  metallica ? 
  waht ? 
  [ warwick should be in england ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warwick ), 
  you forgot to mention you are a mod there lol, 
  gives insight about why you defend it like a tiger, 
  why the fuck is this not on top . . 
  best 6 karma i earned, 
  exactly ... 
  so original, 
  also a reference to your mouth around his dick . 
  mallet + redbuff support ashe is just so trololo . 
  probably people didnt see it after the remake that much to change opinion . 
  shes a sick ap carry though  i dont like jungle becaue she needs itmes and snowballing . 
  mid is perferct . 
  i think a standard burst mage or sustain mage build is the best . 
  yes . 
  bit more tankiness and mana , athenes , rylais , abyssal , maybe zhonyas vs burst . 
  etc, 
  there are games i dont even build a rabadons, 
  nope , bt has more lifesteal ( if stacked full , that is . ), 
  of course man :d just thought kasparov is more recognised so more ppl will get the joke . . 
  why do i have tagged you as `` worships sejuani '' ? 
  no . . i just dont remember ... 
  you should !, 
  metal rules !, 
  wait it is not from any videogame/scifi ? 
  op has some really good creativity then . . nice, 
  np , didnt even managed to figure that out . 
  what is going on ? 
  i met a guy pasting the same thing in chat picking evelynn and he went roaming , playing really decent overall and we won . 
  after your server . 
  i build her full ap , so i guess duoble gp10 then rylais + ionian , at least thats how i play her mid , jungle has more harsh farm conditions , but if you can snowball . . its ok :d, 
  then again i wouldnt play her jungle now , as she scales so well with items that you dont really get enough farm in the jungle . 
  evelynn , to me , is an ap carry now . 
  ionians ( i take ad runes instead of penetration and max cdr so spam q , this is enough sustained damage to justify the lack of pen plus i can buy biod later ) , rylais , dcap , void , htgb , ga. 
  no lichbane , you wont get in range ever ( even ravage is problematic , but range will be buffed iirc ) , no rageblade ( too small of an item ) , no wota ( aoe spells arent too good for spellvamp and you dont really have huge dmg on spells , if you want sustain buy a philo ) , htgb is mainly for the ratios and the extra slow . 
  no , no no , no no , even with ad build wriggels is unnecessary . 
  eve clears fast without wriggles too so you are better with gp10 and go counterjungle and farm your htgb ( as lexvink does in his lolpro guide ), 
  e clears faster actually , its a large nuke and gives as which is brutal with wriggles , problem with e maxing is that it has no range vs fleeing champs , plus the damage if q justifies maxing it , because the whole kit of eve is about runnign around/after moving champs which e is not really good for . 
  pllus a level 1 q has decent as bonus anyway . 
  new eve, 
  you didnt see him at iem kiev qualifiers ? 
  the famour empire game featured darien rushing 2 doran ring to sunfire malph . 
  good , you got my joke :d, 
  i make kassadins cry with my terrorplank !, 
  hehe . 
  i played him a lot of times in soloq because his laning is very nice .
