  you deserve punishment because you showed bad sportmanship , thats all . 
  that 's nothing to do with your player quality , just saying . 
  you know , you lost a fuckton of respect now ? 
  respect = sympathy, 
  sympathy = wiewers, 
  wiewers = money, 
  no offense , but i thought top players are at the top because of their decision making skill ... 
  well at least m5 didnt cheat ? 
  sigh ... 
  lol, 
  yeah so what ? 
  cool story bro . 
  the community sucks and you are ( one of the ) reason ( s ) . 
  your way of handling the situation is not so polite either , also you get the pickture wrong . 
  not the popular guys are the problem , it so the fanbase making too biased opinions , and the consequences . . , so you falsely accused a bunch of people ( pros ) who you dont have any authority over , i mean you cant dictate any behavior for them ( like making them ask their fans to behave properly ), 
  so basically , you must, 
  1 . speak to the community itself, 
  2 . in a good manner so people actually listen, 
  3 . think your goal over so you dont ask for unaccpetable/imopssible things . 
  you did neither above , so basically the original post above is basically saying `` fuck you downvotes '' wich accomplisthes nothing but downvotes , making you one fo the guys who perpetrate the things you accuse people for . 
  ( hope you understand , coz im not native in english so my grammar/word usage is not so perfect . 
  no offense intended though ), 
  lol no sorry , bob curently doesnt give a shit about his teammates , he very rarely communicates with them . 
  he can be a great person irl but ... not even close to an ideal . 
  i 'd say more like scarra . 
  never . 
  well then you should be more descriptive with your posts i think , because i agree this yet i misunderstood your post . 
  my points still stand though . 
  my opinion about this is just simply i dont give a fuck about it , really . 
  i just dont really like to read pointless posts . 
  no offense, 
  hue, 
  yeah perpetrate the stereotype more , it will surely help, 
  i could write a better longer text explaining my 6 month learning cycle with vayne . . huh i sucked hard on this one, 
  no , i play since irelia came out , got 600 + eve games . 
  nowadays i dont play her , only very rarely but dont forget the good times : ward/tower range tricks , oracle-so-what quadrakills :d, 
  well thank you good sir . 
  when dyrus joined tsm i was like `` meh i lost interest about him anyway '' but now `` no more heimers noooooooooooo '', 
  came here to say this. , lol, 
  yeah pertty much this . 
  i was a noob in dota but learned to pvp so fast in this game , no bot games were needed . 
  ( i joined back in the day when coop vs ai didnt even existed so i jumped straight into normals , didint even regret that ) . 
  i bet anyone can do it as well . 
  yeah ignore button is your best firend , you will use it a lot ( huehuehue ), 
  no , he was actually decent , it was back in the day when a wardjump was op, 
  also , you cant buy pages over the limit , that means if you have 14 , you cant buy the 7page bundle . 
  btw that bundle is very cost effective imo . 
  sure . 
  after watching a couple dozens of streamers for countless hours i can say that scarra is the most enjoyable streamer , so i bookmarked him but i get sadface mostly when i click on it :(, 
  til , 
  `` aboslut legends '' hue, 
  no , got ta practice norms , sorry, 
  have a pentakill in a serious normal, 
  you mean huehuekaiser, 
  tango eve + tf dance remade to actual tango ... maybe match together as well, 
  1600 ad player ? 
  thats a lot of ad players . . 
  i see , you never queued up when they gave humor to people ... 
  sing little songs that cheer up your day , like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw-m4jey-ns ), 
  ami i the only one who didnt see difference between before and after the ult ? 
  i mean lulu ult , duh, 
  that should be http://www.solomid.net/, 
  or http://www.lolpro.com/, 
  meh , many people use leaguecraft ( http://leaguecraft.com/ ) , presonally its not my taste . 
  misclicked edit , too lazy to correct, 
  like ... win ? 
  . . any champ, 
  no ... i bet 90 % will play her as ap carry, 
  including me lol, 
  # 1 rule of solo queue : stop after 2 consecutive losses . 
  oh fuck this shit . 
  first they announce the rework of my main . 
  then they rework tryndamere , jax , kayle , alistar , gangplank , sivir , taric ... and now rammus , before it, 
  something is stinking . 
  i smell money, 
  search for `` pudge '', 
  get utility mastery ( xp on kills ) and get fb i guess . 
  i 've been playing cod2 with my roommates about 2 years ago in dorm and i kept giving myself random names like asdfasdfasdf , and is wasnt fun so i had to come up with a permanent name . 
  we kept training ourselves in game ( to beat the other room 's team ) so we tried all the jump tricks in toujane etc. 
  eventually we ended up `` jumping '' more than actual fighting . 
  it became so hilarious because even in serious 3v3 games i kept just jumping around the place like a bunny . 
  i havent got any sound back then so i `` added '' it myself with my mouth and that is why i came up with the name `` wakkawakkawakka '' , shortened to wakka when i switched to a diablo 2 private mod server . 
  i was a hardcore d2 player when i got into lol and i originally created `` wakkaxd '' on eu ( after split its on east now ) . 
  eventually i met a couple of guys from my home country ( hungary ) and we decided to make a clan : hok ( hal\u00e1loszt\u00f3 ovod\u00e1s kurv\u00e1k which roughly means death-dealing kindergarten whores ) . 
  so we all made new accounts . 
  everyone lost interest soon and i ended up keeping the name , although i 'm considering a change . 
  that is the point !!!, 
  by picking an offensive name and not take it seriously , you show immatureness ... get it now ? 
  sorry man if you want us to read , better format it, 
  the alternative was `` hom\u00e1lytizedel\u0151k '' which means `` twilight decimators '' . 
  just came to mind, 
  means good morning in polish . 
  revive evelynn ( long ago but after nerf , around 1300 elo ranked ) . 
  they aced us , i press revive , and backdoor all three inhibs by the time we respawned we got huge minions every lane to defend . 
  i sold all my items and built tank , the next team fight our 0/9 corki got a penta , i sold my items again and rushed to base and solo their nexus . 
  i see u formatted it , gj , brb reading :d, 
  hm ... rumble ? 
  some junglers can do it . 
  shaco , mundo , shyvana for example . 
  it has similar pronouncation though ... maybe accent :d,
