  later on there will be a t55a mission where you have to track 3 different tanks and then they have to die before tracks are repaired . 
  i 've been trying to do this mission on vearious tiers , i platooned with a guy from tesla ( both 261 's ) and we tried to `` trick '' this mission by him tracking and then i fire ap , but it didnt work for 4 hours . 
  i did that mission solo before with fv304 easily . 
  that 4 hour session convinced the guy that he should buy an fv304 too , 
   the s51 is probably best for this , but the reload is brutal . 
  that said , it 's the highest tier , and high tier in arty makes everything easier . 
  fv is also shit for the mission when you have to destroy x tanks above tier . 
  bad alpha means less kills . 
  also su-14-2 corrects most of the disadvantages of the s-51 while still being relevant one tier higher so i would recommend that instead ( this is form a guy who have 3 stars on s-51 ), 
  i guess the public opinion about the vietnam war wasnt so positive so it was just about expected for the soldiers to be looked down upon . 
  what the public failed to recognize that these soldiers went to fight believing that they fight for their country and so they did , and that is why they deserve respect . 
  no matter how justified , how efficient the war was or did they win or lose , all that matters is that they did what their duty was , and not for themselves but for others ( their country ) . 
  of course i know nothing personal about the vietnam war , i grew up in hungary , so the closest thing i can relate with , is my great-grandfather who got lost in ww2 and his wife talking about him . 
  so i might be completely wrong about this but that is what i think . 
  anyways , respect to you and your father , and `` er\u0151t , eg\u00e9szs\u00e9get '' !, 
  ( roughly translates to : '' < i wish you  strength and health '' , common greeting in military ), 
  fyi : you just have low performance settings , those rocks arent shoot-through in hd, 
  no , its downvoted because its a joke that has been beaten to death already . 
  even shit is tasteless for you , isnt it, 
  the french must have pushed out these b1s from the factory like the russians did with the t-34 if the germans captured so many intact that they could afford to mount artillery guns on 16 of them ... 
   if i 'm not mistaken , it was the fastest armored vehicle until the m1 abrams made its debut, 
  you arent entirely mistaken , but the russians did build faster vehicles with the help of christie . 
  those that went faster didnt go into production but some of the more sophisticated designs of christie , like the bt-2 , did . 
  exactly, 
  ayyyy lmao, 
  it 'll only work for the first two set , you 'll need minimum tier 6 for the second two, 
  so you mean that its not about the sheer amount of tanks and more like , the germans ability to capture it ? 
  also pz . 
  how did they take out the crew then . . ? 
  fire ? 
  i see . 
  then the germans found them and filled them up with fuel ? 
  the only thing i can think about is that you didnt activate the mission by mistake, 
  stop botting kappa, 
  i 've tried to do this with a friend for fun and games ; we failed hard , but immediately felt bad after trying to game the system . 
  never did it afterwards . 
  imo , for a competitive player its not worth it . 
  only feels good when you earn those missions . 
  it 's basically stealing vs. earning a prize . 
  would you be happy with an olympic medal you stole ? 
  good idea , but the problem is that in the meta nowadays they can be achieved by altering the playstlye a little bith with the right tank ( you just have to angle in the middle of a field with a maus for ht-15 ) . 
  easily exploited without cheating , so to say . 
  most replays would contain almost the exact same gameplay , plus ther would be a lot of them, 
  yeah , my point is , it will never be the same . 
  but you got a point as well . 
  i just dont feel a thief 's pride appealing, 
  they have to differentiate between real dating and this ... 
  or season 1 eg, 
  i stop playing, 
  tl ; dr : `` sorry for using the best decks in a competitive environment ... '', 
  yup, 
  i dont give a fuck . 
  its worth it , even with the insane hangover . 
  or , you know , cancer, 
  isnt it painful though ? 
  if you drive the a-43 like this , it looks like an a-44, 
  sure i love to get spawn killed by an 50b toon . 
  how come its not called egalitarianism or something , then ? 
  i feel dizzy o.o, 
  great work !, 
  smooth ride actually effects anything , because by `` moving the turret '' it means moving the gun . 
  even casemate tds benefit from it . 
  what are you playing , tier 8 ? 
  technically it is , but in reality , not so much . 
  most of tier 6-8 he still pens the cromwell . 
  better depression ? 
  nice . 
  by how much exactly ? 
  thanks , given that they have similar guns i thought the depression is the same . 
  i can see why the cdc is better now, 
  meh , with the gun handling of the cromwell you just have to go closer . 
  you will be spotted most of the time anyways . 
  did you mean the 183 or the 120 ? 
  k\u0151b\u00e1nya-kispest is indeed a train station , but below there is a metro station with the same name as well . 
  big public transportation junction . 
  and then your completely mature reaction is to ridicule him for it ? 
  begin deaf is in no way a problem here . 
  some mods even have specialised text messages for one click of the mouse ( press y as usual but instead of the usual `` help '' commands etc. . you get things like `` arty support needed '' or `` spot here pls '' etc. ), 
  this mod , if your teammates use it , can be of great help and completely eliminate the need of sound . 
  the name of the mod escapes me however i know its in aslains modpack . 
  also , what server ? 
  ign ? 
  it is legit since you can just uncheck the mods you dont want to install . 
  on eu you can install whatever you want anyways , though, 
  yeah , i would believe it more if it would be a spyker for example . 
  i dont really think it fits the mighty style of the ferrari , but then again , neither did the f50 back then in my opinion and i grown to love it . 
  it 's like us fans got a picture inside us about what the ferrari should look like and we gon na be slightly disappointed if a new car doesnt look like that , and jaw drops to the floor if it does . 
  i dont think its a bad thing . 
  the car looks nice after all, 
  yeah , its not that hard since the tank is pretty mobile for that . 
  even accurate guns like the waffle has trouble penning from middle ranges if you do that . 
  then again a waffle can just load gold and trolololo pen your ufp i guess . 
  but you got ta wiggle anyways , if you stay still literally everything pens your tumor . 
  i killed e5 's that way with my e25 . 
  yeah . 
  except the kv4 , its made of stalinium , cupola included . 
  you can see on the screen shot he did 0 team dmg . 
  perhaps he did a 0 dmg trackshot to someone i guess, 
  `` music '', 
  `` artist '',
