  i dont get why you play vlad then oo, 
  early baron solos . 
  i use bookmarks on firefox , i recommend you to do that . 
  dots tend to have better ap ratios so actually they do more damage with the same ap . 
  instant damage is always better for course , but burst mages have the disadvantage of being a walking freekill for the duration of cds if they once unloaded that burst . 
  because after 15 mins on the stream , it was not you playing not eve lol . 
  you mean the next sorakabot , lol, 
  dont forget to shout leeeroy jenkins !!!!!!, 
  during teamfights, 
  where is your eve flair ? 
  lol, 
  h , i use d on flash every time , got used to it, 
  must be karma h4h4, 
  you mean in top ? 
  hmm interesting , might keep that in mind . 
  so far the only occasion i bought dshield is when i played ww vs irelia, 
  uh . . summoner name ? 
  not sure if posting works , lol, 
  do you think i can do that with eve ? 
  ... no , seriously . 
  ohhhhh my gooddd nooo the drama is killing meeeeeee, 
  wait , no . 
  kite him . 
  damege him from safe range and when he wants to get near you just stay back and repeat . 
  ranged slows ( ashe , mundo ) hels very nicely, 
  i mean , to 2300 , 
  edit : his stream is already bookmarked :d, 
  4k games , on a half hour average ... 
  i think i also follow you with eve . 
  see you in elo heaven , 
  you need some defensive items , i would suggest ga, 
  i did it with poppy and lee , but still got ta learn the champ :( lee is so high skill cap for me lol, 
  came here to say this, 
  no need to post again , especially this early, 
  i dont think its lol related, 
  ~ ~ it did include neutral monsters , ~ ~ there is a reason why they nerfed her . 
  edit : lol im blind, 
  to make her useless before they remake her ( according to their no-fun policy her stun was not fun to play against ) , apparently the remake still didnt happen . 
  shes still very fun to play though, 
  yes-yes but who the fuck cares about normal elo lol, 
  to make her unable to jungle . 
  unfortunalety though , with the new jungle remake eve is now easily able to jungle . 
  dude this elo ... shouldnt be called ranked , no offense, 
  i dunno , tried ryze with smartcasting for a few games , im back to retardcasting , its better for me :d, 
  please ... he is a very good person . . but his skills are . . mediocre to say the least, 
  probably my keyboard, 
  or maybe that i click very fast with dumbcasting anyway so i dont spot diffrerence, 
  you answered your own question . . 
  gtfo with memes , / r/leagueofmemes exists for a reason, 
  upvote whore ? 
  instant downvote lol, 
  my most played champ is warwick . 
  ( not counting season 1 and normal games ), 
  and yes , he lacks some mechanical skills . 
  i suck at positioning and making play , which he is very good at , and that is more important , that is why he is higher elo . 
  exactly . 
  nah i think it will be patch notes . 
  something like [ last year ] ( http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/april_fool%27s_patch_2011 ), 
  would also recommend froggen for mid, 
  i dont even want to imagine the `` interaction '' between them that caused this lol, 
  she has egyptian themed symbols on her ( like the head piece ) and more to the point , the andcient egypt and greece had mutual points in history , their history interlocked at some points , just like ( ancient ) macedonians and greeks . 
  ( think about [ alexander the great ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_the_great ) ), 
  medusa is still a greek ( ish ) mythology thing , but bear in mind it arose when greeks thought of egyptians just like you think of the other guy from across the street . 
  it happened waaaay too long ago to make a clear statement of who can vindicate this particular myth . 
  sorry , history nerd here, 
  whiskey, 
  i beat an irelia in lane yesterday with eve ... shes trash now, 
  sion, 
  and eve ... you cant rely on ult every time so you build as anyway ... and it heals you for like 200 hp . . pathetic lol, 
  please , no, 
  not this thread nooooooooooo, 
  * cuts himself *, 
  please ... 
  omg its moving, 
  mundo eats bananas ( after killing soraka ), 
  killing blow with evelynn 's q or gp 's passive, 
  facerolling anything with soraka mid, 
  low hp nunu running to bush from two chasers , e+r double kill !, 
  edit : mordekaiser pentakill with the ghost of fed enemy vayne 2shoting her own team :d, 
  then writing stfu and eat bananas in all chat, 
  i feel like your upvotebitch, 
  make her play eve, 
  its fun, 
  volibear ? 
  ~ ~ probably soraka ~ ~, 
  mundo ... free hp everywhere, 
  wait wait wait , lem me grab my popcorn, 
  yea yea but gtfo to / r/leagueofmemes with all the memes please, 
  they decided her playstlye is not funny to play against , probably they want to keep the `` noobs '' playing this game . . they tend to settle for hon ( or whatever else ) when they repeatedly get stomped by a `` not funny '' char, 
  old animations were waaaay better . 
  ( miss the old eve soo much < 3 ), 
  `` uuhgh its so ugly !, 
  better blame the trolls for that '', 
  i love you harmen . 
  what did u check it with ? 
  i 'd love to see champions that are more designed to suicide like karthus . 
  for example an ult which essentially results in your death but does high aoe damage . 
  or maybe not death just lower resists . 
  also , i think more stat conversion ( old kayle , old jax , old vlad , rammus , galio ) would be awesome . 
  for example a champion that gets hp regen from mana or hp from magic resist ... would open a lot of exotic build opportunities,
