   you are about to make a ** lifelong ** commitment to this person . 
  thousand times this . 
  thanks for returning my faith in reddit generation . 
  erm , you realize sona is in the picture right ? 
  very nice !, 
  but . . seriously ... rylais wtf ? 
  if you need tankiness buy ga. . gunblade active is way enough slow to keep people in place , as rylais only adds 15 % slow to your ulti . 
  the only bigger slow is on shunpo , which is basically as effective with rylais as with mallet lol . 
  i like how the vast majority of the comments are not what the champion discussion forums are for . 
  fuck you community . 
  just fuck you, 
  as/magic dmg vayne ( with entropy ), 
  ap/as mf, 
  ap amumu ( this one is surprisingly effective ), 
  and my favourite : ad malzahar, 
  very good read . 
  people are underestimating the power of teleporting behind the enemy team . 
  i once turned back a game doing this as tryndamere . 
  teamfight was going on , my team was chased , and my tp was out of their sight range as they were focusing forward ( i could picture them yelling chaaaaarge !! ) . 
  when they realized it i already had a triple on their carries . 
  after 1400 + rankeds in s1 i never get trolled with swap . 
  yes please . 
  just fix the tier3 boots, 
  not even trynda can hold the sustain imo :d, 
  sure < 3, 
  ( no seriously , you can add me if you like ), 
  they had a lot more actives back then , but many of them were removed, 
  oh you again ? 
  probably jiji, 
  king lux, 
  king lux, 
  any more info ? 
  `` let 's end this quickly ... 
  i need to use the little soldier 's room . '', 
  eh , i tend to be careless against bots all the time . 
  level 1 towerdives , starting with longsword so i can rush occult before boots etc. 
  because it 's fucking addictive , that 's why . 
  my obsession with a particular champion doesnt help either  . <, 
  blind pick bro , 
  but still , i have 370 eve rankeds as well, 
  ever heard of symbolism ? 
  i play a good ww , although i dont really like him . . gp too , i fucking hate that champ , but when its needed , i play him, 
  was the same with heimer , got 14-0 with him on ranked when i didnt own him ... later on i bought it only for skin :d, 
  here is a guide i follow with great success :, 
  i can recommend it :d, 
  no , the legendary . 
  was disappointed with it though , now i use the christmas skin ( or piltover customs :d ), 
  oh boy i would almost turn gay for that voice . 
  waiting to be smashed !, 
  i want to challenge you all to tell a good joke to lux 's voice actor ... 
  everyone im my elo pubstomps with it but i just cant even fucking last hit with her for real - . -, 
  yeah , the only champ i went positive in ranked on release day :d, 
  * - sigh *, 
  always shield never die . 
  might as well bind a macro q+w+e to your rightclick, 
  hahaha shivs in your face motherfucker, 
  so funny :d, 
  nipples, 
  feedamere, 
  derpamere ( forgot to use ult ? ), 
  master baiter ( ok ok i get it , bad pun ok ? 
  dont hit me ), 
  windamere !, 
  i do . . i have 3 skins as well ... o.o, 
  what the fuck are you talking about lol . . 
  here is my lolking page to prove, 
  by 370 i mean season 1 +2 total, 
  i dont ? 
  look at my flair it shows hok wakka as my ign, 
  is the lolking page , you can look my s2 stats here, 
  i 'm curious how you thought i dont have a ranked game ... care to elaborate ? 
  lol _ d, 
  for outtrading i pick mf :d, 
  you know how i know you definitely hiveminded and stupid ? 
  because you didnt even had the iq to check who wrote that guide . 
  it 's not me , its liquid , who plays ap mid for fucking curse . 
  you know , the team with elementz and shit . 
  also , he has rating you probably didnt even dream of . 
  well i used to like it ( when crit-to-win-lane gp was a thing ) , but i 'm kinda melancholic , i fell in love with things too easy and let them go easy as well . 
  plus , i 'm a skin freak . 
  i have skins for every champion i play , and thats a lot . 
  plus skins i bought for future use ( legacy and shit ), 
  i played bruce lee sin once ... in an araz . 
  i never used crimson akali , red riding annie , prom queen annie , safari caitlyn , hot rod corki , sanguine garen , scuba gragas , just to name a few . 
  i have all the available warwick and eve skins plus many bundles . 
  so three gp skins incomparison to the above . . is not much, 
  care to read the full guide ? 
  you will understand . 
  if not , its not your bad . 
  you are welcome to stack mr on a mid champ , but bashing a guy who is way better than you will ever be , just because he doesnt , is just plain assholish and stupid . 
  it was avsky666, 
  the base stats are not bad enough to get her out of the jungle , i play jungle eve a lot . 
  just need a few tweaks in runes and masteries , and skill order ( e is not ok to jungle with etc. ), 
  however i agree , her jungle speed is below average , something like shaco without pre-placed boxes . 
  it 's more like the roaming meta is fallen out of favor ( perhaps with more active/higer harass botlanes ? 
  idk ), 
  her scaling is insanely good , if build ap-like her dmg is a veigar 's without stun , however it 's to squishy for a melee . 
  that brings out another weakness : if you have an eve on the team it 's like playing the king 's gambit in chess : you know you will lose it on the long run so you want to win quick . 
  that also requires very good play from the eve player and the team as well . 
  ( because he need to stack mejais , to transition to the midgame with a decent amount of ap , amongst other things which i 'm too tired to remember ),
