  by his username it sounds like he is finnish lol, 
  inhale - eggsale, 
  basically , swallow some air then try to vomit . 
  fucking black prince when i 'm in my e25 . 
  i figured out where to shoot anytank except this shit . 
  i lost a game where we were 1v1ing at the cap circle ( i rushed to reset ) and all i could do is to side hug him ( parallel ) so that we couldnt shoot each other . 
  then again isu can do the same with is7 and things like that, 
  i meant replay 's description . 
  dammit !, 
  anyways . 
  it 's a clutch ( not really aimed ) shot below a train in ensk for a last-second ( 99 % cap ) killshot on a cruiser ii with my sexton . 
  e25 does n't really meet tortoise though . 
  i only say that if the other player is bitching about some totally legit but unfun thing like getting clicked by arty , or getting killed with apcr . 
  sucks to be you bro , but i want my win , sorry oneshotting you after you stood spotted in the open for 20 seconds with a paper tank, 
  vroom vroom pew pew, 
  that must be the 263 . 
  yup !, 
  but you supposed to give a new riddle, 
  forgot the reply : only premium that is exactly the same ( in armour , module and gun stats ) as its non-premium counterpart . 
  not going to mention tier so it will be harder . 
  yes they both do , but they are both worse than the single-shot guns on them, 
  yup !, 
  that requires historical knowledge and i only joined like a year ago , so . . i dont know . 
  i dunno , i quite like it . 
  trained up my fv304 crew to bia +6 th sense + camo without having to fear about the lack of 6th sense on tier 7-8 games . 
  i got 2.2 k wn8 in it overall , so i wouldnt say it tanks my stats either . 
  yup , and no , it almost never needs gold ammo actually , if you iam at sides etc. 
  if you feel the need to use gold ammo just change position - although probably for super unicums there is a need for gold ammo to squeeze as much damage per game as they can , but im fine with my 1.4 k dmg/2 .2 k wn8 per game average, 
  yeah well the fact that is is a brit arty and its a premium is the only thing the sexton has - and i bought it on sale for that . 
  i would never bought it for full price though lol, 
  my first tier 10 was the waffle and well . . 
  i got spotted ... 4 second after i went to garage . 
  also , should i get the jagdpanther 2 or the ferdinand ? 
  yeah but if you dont research it , the 50 100 stock grind is going to fucking suck . 
  rektified, 
  the finnish have some of the most hilarious swear words lol, 
  whoops brain fart , sorry, 
  you can put any crew in them , like in prems , but they wont generate more money/xp . 
  pretty much like cw reward tanks, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  fuck the haters man . 
  you brought up some very valid points . 
  good job . 
  happy new year !, 
  keep in mind they are really good tanks though , at least the tier 9 and the tier 10 one , so they make really good credits . 
  happy new year to you and everyone else !, 
  only one , the tier 10 french one - bc 155 58, 
  nope , inside i know you are an ignorant asshole, 
  how do you know ? 
  you are just guessing , you dont know . 
  stop interpreting things like certaininty if they arent, 
  just a tip : depending on how rare giveaways are , these codes that people are willing to give away , are somewhat valuable , so you either be super nice or offer something for it . . 
  yeah , but you dont have proof for it, 
  yeah i didnt word my comment well . 
  i meant that the scale on how nice he has to be , depends on the rarity of those codes . 
  if there are a shitton of inv codes are around he doesnt have to be very nice . 
  i dunno , i heard about ht on dyrus 's stream . 
  i wonder how clans will measure skill for requirements then, 
  exactly 2x more lol . 
  there you go . 
  i 'm more intrigued by the shitty grinds it can speed up though, 
  what the actual fuck did i just watch, 
  awww yeah, 
  oh btw , any esun servers with decent community going on somewhere ? 
  more specifically , at least free xp the top gun if you disapprove or the anal terror wg unleashes upon you playing the sturer emil stock, 
  at least it can puch through anything it meets , anywhere . 
  ashamed about the zwack guy . 
  really making a bad reputation for hungarians . 
  oh , so noobmeter 's wn8 is independent of xvm ? 
  til, 
  early damage, 
  abusing dpm `` keep the gun singing '', 
  conserving hp, 
  wow , very good job !, 
  i can see you have a distinct style, 
  chi-ri , i sold that shit 4 times and i still dont have the sta, 
  yeah so you are basically a bigger , slower and less camouflaged is ... 
  well if it uses xvm to calculate your wn8 . . but idk, 
  1 . e25 , 2145 games - because for a long time it was my go-to credit farm tank , and it is basically the only tank i can play at any time ( i play tired a lot ), 
  t67 , 1277 games - because i am a statpadding faggot, 
  1c , 967 games - played it for about 800 games when i started , it was my go-to `` fun '' tank , then i recently rebought it so i can see if i still like it ( i do ), 
  yeah , same thing . 
  i guess i can only speak for my dad but i think it was because he is a close-minded bigot, 
  i dont use that , and i crash regularly , i think its the zoom mod, 
  thing is , you can use this tactic if you have no scout on enemy team or if you are confident your platoon mate can handle scouts , plus cb is very easily avoided . 
  though there is still an issue about the tank giving you the ar not being useful for that duration and if he is a position dependent tank then he loses that position because he was busy doing damage to you . 
  personally i would just take prem food to maximalize reload on arty, 
  they will end up stealing damage from each other unless they are extremely coordinated, 
  well im kind of a wn8 person, 
  also great hull down, 
  a `` new '' arty mod became widely known not so long ago that gives td-like wiew mode for arty . 
  so they can check if a tiny bit of your tank sticks out of cover and can aim for that . 
  yup, 
   just put a crew from one of your other vehicles in it . 
  the whole wte100 grind , the grind up to the jagdpanther 2 , about 2200 games in the e25 , 411 games in jt88 , 110 games in the dicker max , a total of 4177 games . 
  it was my main credit farming tank for a long time , also i love it , 
  anfield also has a review it must be better than jingles ' one lol, 
  do you really want to meet this person after she scammed you ? 
  i did it with only crusader sp . 
  i am not rebuying this tank,
