  those were the times when playing eve would get your a report so i kinda dont miss it lol, 
  or rammus, 
  and a camp . 
  usually means gg cause not only i 'm ahead , now i can repeat that invade any time i want and still shit on them . 
  you are going to look intimidating . 
  i cant really put it into words but your face looks like it would look tougher , the longer your beard is, 
  gragas being a fat dragon throwing rocks, 
  nice . . but why morellos when you have ignite ? 
  if you plan to build morellos then get tp or something ? 
  i really think nashors is better than morellos for burst . 
  that would be a 3x6, 
  or just a reverse shyvana lmao . 
  reverse nidalee with a cat in an udyr-like pose throwing sticks then morphing to a ( naked ! ), 
  human on her knees lol, 
  the ap difference wont mean much on q , and on ult there is no difference , but the e gets a lot from it . 
  morellos also have mana i guess which is good for laning . 
  ( i 'm speaking from a jungle mindset as i jungle 95 % of the time , and reluctant to play her in mid as i 'm a toplaner secondary ), 
  well if there is a zilean or ekko in the game ... 
  are you sure greeks on eune are better ? 
  speak for yourself , i 'm gon na be 130 in 100 years , that is not impossible at the level of healthcare in the 2100 's, 
  yep :d, 
  i 'm sorry to say that , but your suicide would be worse for them than to see your misery . 
  i think you should do the opposite : get stronger with them , for them . 
  very nice !, 
  alhough i cant not mention that the crossbow on your back looks super . . fat . 
  its not desperate , you guys were assholes, 
  it was pretty funny !, 
  almost all of them can be read as `` i 'm not sure '', 
  i 'd much rather trade all those off just to make e damage be magic again, 
  i agree , now that we have echoes eve can burst jsut as well , but e being magic would open up new build paths . 
  nowadays i think eve just builds lich , echoes then flat ap ( my build is usually mejais rabadons and a cdr item , mostly nashors cause of burst , sometimes zohnyas ), 
  but imagine e magic would be gud with magic pen builds ( looking at the rlyais liandris abyssal combo here for example ), 
  edit : tldr : because eve is hybrid , pen is shit on her . 
  but e being magic would mean pen could be viable again, 
  i like how an ad says `` be quiet '' in the screen and all you hear is qt screaming :d, 
  wow , very informative , thanks !, 
  you are wooooorms !, 
  yep , its broken as shit . 
  the only problem is that the crew doesnt really fit into any of the good tds anymore since the baig foch155 nerfs , so enjoy your crew in that tank only i guess . 
  also , tier 5 games . 
  but yeah , tier 3 games in open maps feels like cheating, 
  it is not street legal though , is it ? 
  a pantheon is a place for gods , usually means `` hall of gods '' like in roman . 
   such as the greek pantheon where pantheon the champion was designed from, 
  you mean sparta ? 
  they only had one god , ares - ares was a part of the pan-greek pantheon though . 
  dont forget , ancient greece was jsut a bunch of city states , they hated each other just like any neighboring eastern european country, 
  and means cute in hungarian lol, 
  yes , but `` ari '' is just the shortened `` cutefied '' version . 
  for example it works by this logic : moving picture = movie , then aranyos = ari . 
  hungarian has a lot of words like that, 
  strange . 
  got ta reread my sources then , obviously i missed something . 
  greek mythology was my hobby about 15 years ago . 
  either i knew it wrong all the time or i remember wrong :d, 
  yes , this expression is more eloquent , this is what i wanted to say but i 'm not really good with choosing the perfect word ( not native english so half of the time im translating the other half im trying to `` think '' english . . its a mess :d ) . 
  thanks for the clarification, 
  i have insane apm cause i play eve and click q about 20 teims a sec, 
  now imagine maining eve since season 1, 
  no , i just got used to it . 
  my left ring finger is strong now :d, 
  we were , just not in 1989 nor years before . 
  communism was much earlier, 
   reddit 's user are mostly intellectuals . 
  oh the irony, 
  aww i shed a tear, 
  wow , looks much better, 
  well . 
  to me its close :d, 
  singed can fling amumu into their team . . 
  i believe it 's unique to eve . 
  good work on the designer though , it looks really iconic . 
  damn , you managed to catch his face expression perfectly !, 
  great job !, 
  grow out of it . 
  no it isnt . 
  ap eve doesnt use ulti on assasinations . 
  she uses it for the slow effect anyways . 
  now she can execute people at like 1000 range too . 
  lmao . 
  this is not a nerf . 
  now it does flat damage so it can used as an execute tool if the enemy escaped . 
  if you are usign ult for damage you are doing it wrong mate . 
  eve has good dmg without the ulti . 
  it is just an aoe slow and shield . 
  before , you ulted for the shield and followup , now you have the additional option of not ulting when killng a carry , and save ult if they flash or something, 
  holy shit if it does 0 dmg on 1 health and the nerf goes live then im done with this game lmao, 
  no one plays the king 's gambit now , and even if they do , instead of the exciting sacrifice game we get another positional 40-move-long game with a draw . 
  nice to see he still plays his pocket eve . 
  of those , only pob is from na originally , lol, 
  moreover , would bjergy achieve better results on a better team ? 
  say , he goes to korea ? 
   you really have to hand it to the europeans designing some off-the-wall , and cool shit, 
  for the asians and the arabs, 
  fixed that for you, 
  by far, 
  in a hypothetical conversation i asked the same question to my dad and he answered `` ask my grandmother '' . 
  in short : there were cheap and healthy foods 60-70 yeas ago too , and there were n't any fridges back then ( in countryside hungary at least ) . 
  my great-grandmother 's answer would have been rice , anything from flour , and potato . 
  also , smoked pig parts < 3,
