  my pleasure , 
  my google-fu tells me he is alcide de gasperi . 
  he was a christian democrat in italy in the ' 40-50s , also a founding father of the european union, 
  hahahah no , it 's hilarious . 
  we are n't used to this quality of montages anyway . 
  well done , 
  found the salty na fan, 
  did you get bored ? 
  finally !, 
  i did it in su-14-2 . 
  two shots . 
  one ap penned an is7 , one he penned a waffle . 
  thats it, 
  as if people arent abusing the current team dmg system yet ? 
   it punishes accidental screw ups ,, 
  learn to not damage ur team accidentally ? 
  lol, 
  well the current system where you can just come up and tk me sure doesnt sound good enough ... 
  am i going to win the lottery this week ? 
  and with which numbers , if yes ? 
  that is one more number than needed . 
  which one ? 
  nvm there are two 34-s, 
  it kinda makes your vid completely useless lol, 
  it 's ok , but there are better ap items , you dont need flat pen against squishies ( you got enough ap ) and against tanks you need void . 
  in short , its bad . 
  against tanks void is better , against squishies a 100 + ap item is better ( you can even buy a second echo or a mejais ... ), 
  dps eve is dead , its completely useless since you wont be able to 1shot squishies and they kite you to hell , and against tanks you dont have sustain . 
  that said , i 've theorized bloodrazor-bork-liandris into tank items , but always ended up having not enough damage against squishies . 
  kiting is a problem , so you need at least enough damage to 1shot any carry . 
  and since they dont buy much defense anyways ( and you have great ap ratios ) flat ap is superior to flat pen . 
  falls off late game so hard ... 
  against squishies anything works . 
  the problem is , midlaner buys a rod + rylais , or they have a lulu , or their jungle buys locket . . and you are fucked . 
  you have to be in shape against tanks . 
  with any ad build , the end result will be that you will be about half hp after you take out an adc . 
  then a simple rotation of spells from a maokai shits on you . 
  ap has more item options : you can buy zhonyas to zone/bait or to defend , you can get tankier damage items like rylais/protobelt/abyssal ... 
  in my opinion , todays meta eve just needs to effortlessly take out adcs in split seconds to be in any way relevant . 
  that is why i think the only really way to go is ap burst with either protobelt/zhonyas/lich / boots as cdr or nashors/boots/lich and skipping zhonyas for even more burst . 
  honestly i dont think forcing the game to be short is viable strategy in this meta where everything has a solution . 
  i mean you are giving a free win to the enemy if they can just stall for 20 more mins . 
  rather just go ap and win anyways, 
  it is surprisingly okay with mallet as tank item . 
  you slow them down with e and during slow you burst them with 1k dmg crits lol . 
  too bad it doesnt have any midgame . 
  if you somehow got like 12 kills before you get any major core item and you have 4-5k in bank ( doable ! ), 
  you can buy essence reaver + zeal and start whacking people but thats about it . 
  this build really only starts getting decent after you pass 80 % crit, 
  trick for ap fo be more reliant is to buy so much burst you wont need ult for squishies , and if you get kited you have protobelt/zhonyas for outplay . 
  also , as ap your job is to no let the adc have any farm whatsoever so he 's underleveled = easy kills . 
  ye the days for `` diamondprox '' eve is over , now really only the `` clearlove '' build is viable, 
  abyssal , zhonyas , rylais , void and deathcap . 
  ( i 'm not playing that build , but i 'm not challenger in korea ), 
  lmao, 
  ye after the rylai nerfs i didnt look up what cl plays but i 'm guessing it can be swapped for gunblade for extra slow and stats, 
  just wan na say i read it all and i 'm proud of you . 
  i 'm guessing she is wiping her eyes with all the money she has, 
  as a clickbait * -, 
  ftfy, 
  yeah same . 
  `` i like it when they scream ... '' so iconic . 
  i hope that if ever a vgu happens they get the same voice actress to do the lines again , at least . 
  or panth, 
  i smell salt !, 
  it 's not motivation !, 
  it 's discipline, 
  therefore a victory day for you !, 
  i love you, 
  every time you q a meditating yi as nasus you get 6 stacks, 
  it worked lol thanks !, 
  ( you can add kaki_matyi for platoon ), 
  holz shit that would be glorious ,, 
   driver, 
  pick one, 
  search xaneleon on youtube, 
  how about rivaldo ? 
  more like ... classic everyone, 
  colorizebot, 
  this is a problem in itself : being otp is a good way to climb, 
  the problem is that it makes them weaker in other roles . 
  thus making them worse in case they get autofilled, 
  she has a whole trilogy named after her and personally i loved darksaber ( a book ) , which is the middle one . 
  read it many times . 
  let 's summarize before i get lost in the comment chain :, 
  1 . e4 c5, 
  6 . be3 a6, 
  8.o-o-o be7, 
  9 . f3 o-o, 
  10 . g4 b5, 
  11 . g5 nh5, 
  i 'd go ahead and make a disclaimer use at your own risk and probably only if you are rextemely fed . 
  alright now that its done with :, 
  start jungle item . 
  rush sheen + mobi boots + dark seal , and see how much gold can you accumulate before recalling . 
  ideally you want the full triforce , but if you have 4k + ( also doable as eve is a snowball champ after all ) , you go essence reaver and start working on shiv . 
  after you got shiv you are basically an aa bot so at this point they might start buying defense . 
  in this case they dont buy as much damage so this opens up the possibility to start working on elements of mallet . 
  perferably a full one because your inventory is cramped up at this point . 
  then you go ie and finish up rapidfire cannon ( or maybe pd if you are a pussy and need some defense ) .
