  3 cards doing 13 damage, 
  3 cards doing 12 damage, 
  3 cards doing 9 damage and draw anther card . 
  3 cards doing x-1 damage , where x is the amount of damage the previous card did . 
  6 cards doing x damage where x is the amount of damage the prev . 
  card did . 
  9 cards doing infinite damage, 
  27 cards doing no damage . 
  ** what is the chance that you win on the first turn ? 
  as you can see the maximum about of cards you need to draw at the first turn to win is 2 unless you draw two 9 damage cards , but those cards let you draw another one . 
  you only need to draw 1 card that does infinite damage to win , so its possible to win by playing only 1 card . 
  you win by doing at least 20 damage , so i 'm guessing there is no difference between the 13 damage and the 12 damage cards . 
  i consider myself good at maths but even the simplified version of the problem gave me a headache . . 
  here is my simpified version . 
  hopefully this is much easier ( and a good approximation ), 
  you have a deck of 54 cards , 27 white and 27 black . 
  you draw 4 of them . 
  what is the chance you draw at least 2 black cards ? 
  i do n't need an exact probability % number , to me there is no difference between 62.5 % and 62 . 
  49 % - but i need a very good approximation , but i already ran in to an obstacle . 
  for example you draw your first card , its black , but then you have a slightly less chance ( i have no idea how much ) to draw a black card because there is one less black card in the deck . 
  sorry if i explained it badly , i 'm not native english speaker so i dont even know some of the mathematical jargon english ppl use . 
  now that the rework is pretty much confirmed - what do you feel about it ? 
  what would you like to change and what to stay ? 
  personally , i think its fine as long as they keep the sneaky gameplay and the build diversity . 
  the first rework was fine , i 'm enjoying the current eve gameplay , not sure what to improve on it but hey , change is good . 
  i still miss the season 1 eve though . 
  hi there . 
  this will be a story post . 
  cant write a tldr ... too complicated . 
  i promise i 'll try to make it worth the read . 
  i just finished watching toradora the second time ( in a week ) . 
  it had a huge effect on me . 
  i read through forums and comments and it seems to be the case with a lot of people . 
  i still think my case is special , and i 'll explain with a story . 
  for this i have to go way back in time , so bear with me . 
  also , this will contain a lot of personal stuff , to be able to explain things . 
  sorry if i overexplain . 
  i promise everything will make sense at the end though . 
  anyway , here it goes ... 
  i 'm a 30 and a half years old man . 
  when i was born , i got diagnosed with a muscle disorder . 
  i don ' know the exact name of the disorder , because most of the papers were lost , and my family stopped to care about it long time ago . 
  basically , when my muscles have to move in a way that is anything outside the most basic , instinctive movement , i start to become spastic . 
  i cant swim , play football , play piano , or work with any tool ( like a shovel , or axe ) , because sooner or later i get a seizure . 
  all i can do is dance , ride a bike , and walk , thats it . 
  also , as a side effect , i got really sensitive to wind , stress ( psychosomatic seizures oh boy ) and temperature . 
  when i was a little kid my family worked a lot with me in order to have me grow up normally , they did muscle training and shit when i was 2-3 years old , and when i turned out ( looking like ) normal they considered this disorder to be dealth with , and as such they promptly forgot it , and refused to do anything when it resurfaced later . 
  when i was a child it did not have much effect , i could grow up normally ( well , if you could call being antisocial , hyperactive , and being a social outcast `` normal '' ) . 
  later on , when i was about 15 years old , i started to show sypmtoms of depression and anxiety . 
  ( i got diagnosed right away ) . 
  what 's strange is that whenever i had any stress , my back muscles got onto a spasm , sort of like when someone wants to hit you and when he raises your hand you tremble . 
  speaking of that , my parents werent so understanding , and claiming this disorder is cured , they blamed it all on my laziness , and hit me a lot of times . 
  probably this is why i developed this almost pavlovian reaction to stress and fear . 
  anyways , by time time i was about 22 years old , this worsened to the point where this spasm on my back became permanent ( more stress , longer spasms ) , even when i was sleeping . 
  this meant i could ( still can ) only sleep where i was so sleepy the spasm didnt matter . 
  if i tried to sleep when normal people do i ended up tossing and turning in the bed for hours and developed my anxiety further . 
  when i had these spasms i could n't concentrate on much , so i , as a reaction , basically develpoed a mental bubble where i shut out any emotion , quickly becoming apathetic , but also unable to improve because i wasnt feeling any positive emotions either . 
  i have no friends , no social life , it became a catch 22 . 
  if became harder and harder to feel happiness , because with this doom came a life where success on any aspect of life became unrealistic . 
  the only thing i could develop is my logical sense , and pattern recognition . 
  i attempted suicide about 3 years ago , but since i 've been improving - my rational self is trying to pull my emotional self up . 
  here is the weirdest part which i can not fully explain , nor convince you it 's real , because all i can rely on is my experiences - no conclusive proof . 
  there were few rare occasions where i felt such joy , it felt like the spasm on my back just dissipated . 
  i ca n't really explain but i felt like i had physical confirmation every time i felt happy . 
  this happened about 2 or 3 times during the last 10 years so i treasure these moments . 
  alright so here is the relevant part : while watching toradora , i tried to make an effort to let myself feel any emotion it might evoke in me , as a sort-of training . 
  rarely do i ever enjoy anything nowadays so i forced myself to . 
  i do it all the time , but it never worked , until last week . . 
  i watched the first 4 episodes at night and when i woke up i watched the rest in one sitting . 
  the impact it had on me was way more than i could imagine . 
  the show had a lot of `` golden moments '' , a rare thing in real life where one is speaking his heart out , not letting the usual everyday shit get in the way . 
  thing like `` i 'm proud of you '' , or showing any care , nobody ever says that , especially not to me . 
  i enjoyed it immensely . 
  it was almost like i was there , i could feel every pain , every joy with the characters . 
  my little emotional sensitivity training worked so well this time , i cried twice - something i did not do since 2010 . 
  after watching it i got myself caring about important but everyday stuff again . 
  i remember brushing my teeth for the first time in 10 years . 
  i called up two of my old friends i did not meet since years . 
  i started speaking a lot more openly . 
  i started doing chores around the house just because i felt like it . 
  i dunno how to describe this further , but its like . . my heart opened . 
  and of course , for the first time in many years my back spasm vanished ( it 's back now as i 'm still sensitive to everyday stress such as humiliation , shame , yelling , other people being assholes etc ) . 
  my life suddenly doesnt look like complete shit now . 
  my parents have no idea , we are not close by any means , in fact they hate me so much they threw me out in december for ten days , and i 've been trying to make peace with them since , but failed . 
  i already knew i have to get out of this shithole but now i feel like i also have the motivation to do it . 
  it 's the first time i can say i love myself . 
  thanks for reading , sorry for the long post , it was just something i had to get off my mind . 
  i hope you understand why . 
  if you have any questions just ask . 
  i hope it made sense and i hope it was worth posting it . 
  peter, 
  edit : if you read through it , please leave a comment that you did . 
  i 'd appreciate it . 
  a hungarian tcg called hkk ( hatalom k\u00e1rty\u00e1i - cards of power ) has an ongoing program where for a small fee people can send in character designs and the company will make it a card . 
  you can send in the card plan itself , but its a balance issue so during test its getting modified heavily ( i mean the abilities etc. ), 
  about 8 months ago i sent a design of a character and a card paying hommage to evelynn . 
  after months of testing , they released the card in the next expansion . 
  boring shit below, 
  i 'll talk a bit about the game itself and the card so that you can understand the similarities if you want .
