  maybe . 
  but true, 
  i play twitch style . 
  poisoned needles up your anus , 2.5 a second . 
  so basically you are asking `` would you watch more top level games '' ? 
  of course lol , is that a question ? 
  remember high rated posts/comments get random downvotes and upvotes from redding engine itself just to confuse spambots . 
  maybe no one ever downvoted it . 
  tbh , i didnt know ho he is either , about 4 weeks ago, 
  yes . 
  remember hitler had a nobel peace pirize , deservedly ( german economy and shit ) but , its the person who got awarded so after he did bad things they took the prize away ffrom him , again deserved . 
  hope you get what i mean, 
  this is why we cant have nice things . 
  how could i forget that ? 
  good one !, 
  thanks , added them , 
  where you got that table , i 'm jealous !!, 
  aaargggghhhhh !!!!, 
  i was expecting something like `` ikea '' so i can look it up !, 
  thanks anyway :(, 
  added it for annie , see what others say , 
  b\u00f6c < 3, 
  along with the glow-in-the-dark ghost i suppose ?? 
  those were awesome shit, 
  corrected , thanks . 
  yeah , all the `` support to esports '' we can do is to initially give the show a bit more respect/attention than usual , but if it turns out bad . . then gtfo . 
  we have to use the `` reddit army '' well . 
  ( inb4 downvotes : yes the reddit army exists . 
  mostly used to break small sites with an innocent-lookin `` hey guis i found a nice site '' link ), 
  oh yeah when i was a child i could kill for one of those . 
  i had a pretty rare set tho ; the camouflaged outpost ( http://peeron.com/inv/sets/6066-1 ), 
  oh sorry , waves of nostalgia, 
  i want to be a child again . . fuck, 
  and you get free ap too , imagine a lichbane in the build, 
  yeah , i 'm jelly ; _ ;, 
  where can i find one of these sets in mint condition ... that set can not even comparable to todays castle !, 
  my only concern is that the build doesnt really snowball in itself . 
  if you build hurricane + malady you get 25 ap for 5k gold and a bunch of as , your damage will not be that high . 
  since the build is ap/as heavy with high range i would swap the zhonyas for a nashors ( so you can have w up moar ) and have cleanse as summoner spell . 
  i think a nashors rush then deatchap would give midgame power if you look at the ult + e dmg as nuke . 
  my only problem is the mana , maybe get a tear first then upgrade it to manamune later . 
  malady is not a carry-item anyway . 
  malady will never do as much damage as amuramana anyway ... 
  what is even more amazing that the photographer found an angle where ~ ~ no ~ ~ very little scaffoldings can be seen ( the building is constantly renovated ), 
  gentle version looks too much like barbie . 
  so i would prefer the other one, 
  this is gonig to be fun . . 
  division : silver 2, 
  champion : malzahar, 
  masteries : 21/0/9 , nothing unusual , taking reduced summoner spelll duration & buff duration in utility, 
  runes : hybridpen reds , movespeed quints ( kite with voidling op ) , armor yellows , mr/lvl blues . 
  ap/lvl blues in an easy lane, 
  summoners : flash ignite , always , except vs long range stun ( annie , veigar ) sometimes i take cleanse, 
  starting items : boots 2 hp 1 mana pot vs skillshot mages , cloth5 vs ad bruisers , otherwise charm +2 ward + pots, 
  item build : rush tear , then athenes to deatchcap , finish seraphs , voidstaff , zhonyas or ga later . 
  i was fighting with a lux with trynd in melee range . 
  i flash dodged her point blank q root twice then spinned after she flashed . 
  those two fights won us the game ... 
  or in an aram game once , i was yorick and enemy bursted down our yi . 
  i ulted him on 20 hp . 
  he died but the ghost got a quadra :d, 
  first off it doesnt fit ; you need the cdr from either athenes , or moreloonomicon if you took cleanse . 
  you need the dcap + voidstaff you need boots you need defensive items . 
  that leaves only seraphs as the only item to be swapped , which i dont like , the extra ap ( 100 + ) i got from it i value higher than liandrys passive . 
  second , while i agree malz has high enough cds to make liandrys useful , he is still more of an utility/burst mage than a poke mage . 
  liandrys is basically only good if you can poke before fights and malz 's playstlye is not about that , he is more like : wait for the initiation then unload all your spells , back off , wait then unload all the spells again . 
  third , it does more damage when the enemy is slowed/stunned etc ; and this means malz either needs to fit another item ( rylais ) to the build or rely on allies to slow the enemy , or the liandrys only does full damage to the person you ulted . 
  fourth , liandrys doesnt apply twice if you cast two spells ; so if you cast them in quick succession ( combo ) then the liandrys is wasted on the second spell . 
  and malz is much like a combo mage . 
  to be honest i would only pick liandrys on brand or nidalee anyway . 
  why do you buy a second bt instead of a last whisper ? 
  ( do you rely on your team to kill the tanks during the time you oneshot the carries ? 
  or is cleaver enough to kill them too ? ), 
  kog is even more mana hugry , so a tear rush is mandatory on him . 
  i would swap the athenes for the liandrys though , kog doesnt really need cdr imo . 
  you land one e , then spam ult on the guy . 
  you can have rylais as a defensive item , but not necessary , i feel ga/zhonyas is superior . 
  tear to rylais + liandrys or tear to rabs are good on kog . 
  since the mana costs are too high i wound not recommend building cdr . 
  dont forget to adjust your playstyle to your items , a full glass cannon kog is very dangerous to play on a solo lane . 
  you got no escapes except your e which is the first skill you max and you want to use it offensive . . 
  good thing you dont have to get close to ignite range and you have the damage anyways , so you can have flash ghost or flash cleanse , they are both legit . 
  fuck me i 'm retarded ... my bad, 
  you like to dunk huh ? 
  thats a bit far lol , what objective were you using ? 
  you must have a real beast machine, 
  only last hitting is not for making sure you got the cs , thats obvious . 
  you dmage the minion for only the killing blow because if you attack it more than once , and the opponent does not , it will push your lane ( enemy minions die faster ) . 
  and if you push lane you will have a harder time escaping from a gank or a disadvantageous fight . 
  thats why supports dont autoattack creeps too !, 
  also , if the enemy laner autoattacks you , your minions will attack him , basically you can use it 2 ways : winning a fight by retreating to your minions , and making him push ( coz if oyur minions dont attack the enemy minions the lane will get pushed to your tower ), 
  oh and a newbie fault , i thought aoe skills was for farming . 
  i got so many cs with galios ult lol . 
  and i wondered why we lost teamfights, 
  yeah 4k gold with ulti is way more wirth it than a possible 500 max gold on a kill lol, 
  good job then . 
  i got a nikond60 and i suck with making long distance shots, 
  to anyone who replies to this comment :, 
  alt f4 too, 
  i focus on mana . . because i play low elo soloq , where lee sins take blue at 30 min .
