  pentakills in one game , went 29/1 as a carry ... fuck me right ? 
  after eve nerf he spammed ap shaco in soloq for a while , after ap shaco nerfs i think he spammed riven , the rest i dont remember, 
  ahri landed taunts . 
  vlad skilshots pooled . 
  nunu/cho/eve baron steals without smite, 
  so ... did you get the rp ? 
  the engine can easily calculate damage done on baron by team . 
  if the enemy team does more than 80 % of barons hp but you get it , i think it 's considered a steal . 
  idk , why not just buy cdr blues and ionian boots ? 
  in soloq you have to . 
  lately i spam eve in soloq and there was a fight ( mind you im at 1300 elo ) that we only won coz i flashed to a varus mumu ult combo , and dead instantly , while my ga was working my team engaged and when i resurrected i got a nice shield . 
  and we got cho + gp to initiate . . but no ... the melee carry has to e_e, 
  same with warwick . 
  people underrate ad runes on ww . . not after they die to my ult unter tower trololo, 
  just like the same with almost all mid/top laners . 
  why didnt you continue spamming eve in soloq ? 
  rest in peace my love . . 
  ... again . 
  they should nerf ppl like you as well . . 
  2 days ago i was 990 . 
  now i 'm 1300, 
  fuck you all i 'm going to get that skin, 
  probably he was 1500 before they reset top rating . 
  my top was 1338 and when this happened not long ago , i was 1270 . :( so my top rating is 1270 ( until 2 hours ago when i broke 1296 ), 
  we dont have to . 
  duo q is always a possibility , 
  whatever , i 've seen worse shit than you can imagine . 
  look at my number of wins and you will understand . 
  eve ulti does more damage to baron than smite . 
  because it is % max hp dmg . 
  today i won 8 consecutive games as ap eve mid :d, 
  wow , gz man, 
  ( im jelly ), 
  i 'm prepared . 
  not really . 
  i duo q a lot , with a lot of ppl ranging from 900 to 1400 and the elo gain is less when i play agains lesser opponents but better when i play against strongers . 
  i usually duo with ppl around my elo and if we win , my elo gained ranges around 10-12 . while i gain 13 in solo constantly . 
  1-3 elo sacrificed for the safety of having one more guy in my team who i can rely on . 
  i think its worth it, 
  no , you can steal map objectivet ( dragon , baron , blue , red ) with it too . 
  comes i handy if the jungler is too retarded to smite !, 
  idk , until 1270 it was like pick eve , rush mejais , gg . 
  then it was like `` pick me eve plz , and can we have another aoe stun ? 
  oh thanks bro , gg '' . 
  i lterally did nothing else than just farm a dfg the farm champs after . 
  only the last game was when i got camped mid and my top fed hardcore , so our ad had to man up and carry together with me . 
  haha , one week ago i was flamed for picking eve, 
  one month ago i was trolled every funking game for picking eve, 
  one year ago i gto 4 reports every game for picking eve . 
  this is my revenge , motherfuckers . 
  just call it a day after losing 2 in a row , or at least take a long break . 
  worked for me . 
  you know i dont lose more than 2 in a row ever . 
  how i do it ? 
  i stop playing after 2 losses . . 
  i like your leona too :d, 
  deal, 
  release day graves i went 9-0 . 
  i still have a ridiculously high ( 70 % ish - compared to all the other champs ) winrate with graves . 
  but look my kda . . 
  i just cast it, 
  everyone dies, 
  and the combat is over !, 
  awwww :( on euw ? 
  i like to play with about 100 elo lower guys . 
  that always makes me firstpick so i can go eve and acquire elo ... trololo, 
  i think its coincidence . 
  people suck on eune actually . 
  no offense . 
  exactly , if the skin splash art were literally a pile of shit , it would be still worth it . 
  because everytime you play that skin ( arams etc ) people will know you got gold . 
  we call it `` sex appeal '' here . 
  i guess `` swag '' is correct but i 'm not good at slang as i 'm not native english, 
  i could , multiple times . 
  wtf u talking about, 
  3 now , but ye, 
  i 'm speaking about statistics , and other peoples opinion ( yeah i knew ppl who were higher elo than me . . 
  surprise !! ), 
  sonn dfg will have 0 cdr so morellos become op !, 
  master plan, 
  i miss old jax, 
  jeez sekenah , you must have forgot a lot of things since [ we played together ] ( http://www.own3d.tv/solomid/watch/337274 ) , 
  thats sick man . 
  did you at least kissed your autocorrect before ? 
  morgana shielded him . 
  next game i laned vs him as gp ... worst pain ever ; _ ;, 
  `` my present '' eve . 
  ^ ( you know ... invisible ), 
  i would buy it so hard, 
  there is a christmas present mumu skin ... 
  i dont think a thanksgiving skin would sell anywhere outside the us . . 
  there is a mistletoe leblanc skin . 
  like . . whistler village twitch ? 
  shit donr remind me , my worst mistake ever , not buying it, 
  happy elf teemo is a skin . 
  agreed , but the greek one looks better imo, 
  poe 's law in action ... 
  26/26 and took no more than one second per answer lol, 
  i 'm a pirate , fuck you , any problems ? 
  take a pistol shot .
