  except it doesnt get any crew xp bonuses like8bit did . 
  better train the crew in your normal tanks instead , with better speed ... 
  you can also shoot exactly at the gun frontally , there is nothing behind it so you can pen it with ~ 150 pen regularly and it also breaks the gun so it cant shot back at you , 
  age of empires 2 community is pretty awesome as well . 
  game came out 15 years ago and the online play is still alive , and nobody gives a fuck about the sequels . 
  fallout series at least had no low points ( well uh fo : bos doesnt count , right ? ), 
  or you could make a deck which deals damage to your hero with things like eviscerating your own face, 
  then again , free legend for not conceding lol, 
   there probably is n't a tank with better armor values there, 
  that doesnt mean it doesnt hve better armor elsewhere . 
  i dont know . 
  it was just the first one that came to my mind when i saw this picture . 
  what i meant is that both tanks have weakspots , and those aside , kv5 has better armor , period . 
  you guys have a different definition of armor . 
  of course i know the kv4 is better protected ofr fucks sake i am not retarded . 
  what i meant , and i really dont like to repeat myslelf but whatever , is at places where is no weakspot the kv5 , in average , has thicker armor . 
  you guys were missing the point by thinknig im arguing about reliability , improtance and shit . 
  of course i know the kv5 is shit . 
  jesus fuck people . 
  sigh , the ignorance is real, 
  none . 
  but its not relevant to my point, 
  ramming , and for longer range shots, 
  he probably means any clan that have a shot a the tank, 
  yes . 
  it is still a point though, 
  it 's all about the hammerdin . 
  actually i would rather see a cb smiter but that is not going to happen, 
  how about a teleport bone spirit bone prison nec ? 
  ( built for pvp makes sense since hots is smaller scale combat anyways ), 
  quite the detail considering your limited access to parts ( it looks like you dont have as much lego as professional builders ) . 
  [ and pros dont look much better either . 
  great job !, 
  your loss, 
  on the other hand the 122a leads to the monster that is the su-14-1 , it has a tier 10 type of gun with 1850 alpha , and 9 + m splash ( iirc ), 
  zoolock with warsong commander , the horror, 
  doesnt the bomb just not proc when you overdraw though ? 
  also try new vegas , its feels like an improvement to fo3 in every single way ( o well maybe not story , but the world is huge and populated , too ), 
  holy shit i read about this and what the fuck ... how entitled those journalists are . ?? 
  this is a serious problem . 
  i think you just did 3 mission with secondary . 
  the problem is you cant improve them so your only chance is to go up the arty missions :(, 
  the mission page can be tricky after the patch . 
  at least from what i have heard . 
  its possoble they might not display your real number of recommendations , which should be 16 ? 
  might be because i already claimed the crewladies , but i couldnt improve after i completed the missions . 
  i think the problem with scouts is that they are too many . 
  with a tier 6 scout you can get into tier 9 games where can be 1-2 tier 8 scout present , who can `` steal '' all your damage and spotting due to their superior characteristics . 
  imo the only mm change should be that there are only 1 tier of scouts allowed per game ( for example a tier 10 game should have either only tier 7 or only tier 8 scouts on either side . 
  that way you dont get fucked if you are a vk 28.01 trying to fight a 1390 . 
  i did 90 % of the stug ht/mt/lt / spg missions on a reroll acc , with mostly stock tier 4 and 5 tanks while maintaining 2.2 k wn8 and 65 % win ratio . 
  also , on my main , about 10 days ago i aced the tiger right on the first game completely stock with a 4.2 k dmg game with the short 88 . 
  one of the tanks that doesnt look good on the first sight but when you learn to use the strenghts of it ... mmm ... 
  have you tried ass scraping in it ? 
  the ultimate newbie tank , so good to learn the game on . 
  too bad the preceding tanks are kinda shit , and in no way similar . 
  just grind the kv1 for him or something . 
  god damn the type 58 is so bad though, 
  i can recommend the russian med line though . 
  one of the lines that evry tanks prepare you for the next , starting with tier 2 ( t. 60 . 
  other 2 lines arent that similar ), 
  are you sure it was all spotting damage ? 
  could have been tracking dmg which doesnt count for this mission . 
  for splash : russian tier 7-8 . 
  other lines get good splash only tiers 9-10 . 
  shorther grind this way, 
  definitely buy the fv304 for tracking missions . 
  if i have to pick only one arty for all personal missions it would be the su-14-2 . 
  it 's tier 8 with a tier 10 alpha , so definitely can pull its weight in tier 10 games while shooting tier +2 tanks = more xp fot he `` be top xp '' missions . 
  it also has 9 + m splash with gold ammo , if the opportunity presents itself its really good for the missions where you have to damage/kill 2-3 targets with one shot . 
  also reasonably accurate compared to other tier 8arties due to being able to mount vents . 
  reload is around 34 sec as well . 
  i did spg-15 of t55a with it in 2 shots ( 3k dmg , be the top dmg and xp on your team ... one ap shell into an is-7 , and 1shoted a waffle with he ), 
  / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  camo on pz 1c , wtf bro, 
  that tank will never stop for 5 seconds in any battle ever . . plus for any camo abuse you would need accuracy and pen to do long range shots which the pz 1 c doesnt have . 
  best brawler is probably the ms-1 , that tank has armor and pen to go with, 
  best sniper is the loltraktor ( stock gun ) , it also has good wiewrange so if you have a monster crew you get instawins on province . 
  i have to say though , depends on the playstyle . 
  t1 is also good because it is the fastest tier 1 tank and it can 1clip you , but on most maps wiewrange matters . 
  i would say , get the loltraktor , get stock gun ( with some gold in case of tier 2 ) , and vents/camo/bino , and snipe away . 
  otso has godlike gun depression tho , king of mines hill . 
  just to compare , the ltp , the m3 light , the t-127 and the valentine ii all use the same gun as the ms-1 . 
  and its workable on tier 3 even !, 
  if you know where to hide you dont need camo at all . 
  triforce is a midgame item used mostly for the sheen procs on a lot of heroes , and the phage speed boots helps on kiting . 
  on champs that cant utilize sheen fully , pd is strictly better . 
  still , an ap/as build centerad round nashors would do more damage . 
  you could swap out the bork for nashors and the lw for some ap item . 
  or , you know , just build fucking ap kog . 
  did someone say half-life 3 ? 
  i 'd argue super lategame its possible to sell it for another pd though since a few ap and mana doesnt matter when you need raw aa power . 
  correction , it does show the t34 info . 
  the only thing `` swapped '' is the picture, 
  i 'm pretty sure the lowe letters are part of the picture file anyways . 
  but yeah i missed that :(, 
  you are doing magic dmg so lifesteal is irrelavant anyways . 
  wits end not doing enough damage as a single ap item will boost the w damage and the nashors damage high enough to offset for the lack of mr steal the wits end gives . 
  not to mention the ap skill dmg . 
  but then again you are jsut a high range kayle without ulti,
