  my only goal is to make ends meet and then put away a little each month . 
  i 'm also considering applying for university level education later , but is that too late as a 28 year old , and do i get treated the same as a 18 yo danish citizen ? 
  ( in terms of liberties , boundaries and benefits ), 
  also , what would be the best time to organize the thing , considering there is basically nothing holding me here in hungary ( i want to leave asap ), 
  i 'll be around for a long time so if you need any more specifics , just ask . 
  thank you in advance . 
  ps : i 'm currently learning danish in duolingo . 
  mt15 .2 : deal 2000 damage to tank destroyers . 
  mt15 .3 : destroy 2 tank destroyer that is 1 tier higher . 
  there is only one mission remaining for t28 for me , the mt15 , and i am trying to complete this mission with the spershing . 
  i had multiple games where i killed 2-3 enemy tier 9 ( even some 10 ) tds but i never managed to do 2k dmg to them . 
  the only occasion i was able to deal more than 3 shots to the same td is when a tomato ferdi was spamming me with ap hoping to pen . 
  i think mt15 .2 is harder than mt15 .3 . 
  discuss . 
  or reveal me the secret . . 
  hi there . 
  just started fo4 , i 'm on level 7 , about to clear the corvega plant . 
  i have amassed a large number of everything : weapons , armor etc. 
  in my workshop . 
  however , when i 'm trying to sell it , the vendors dont give much . 
  once i traded like 30 weapons for a stimpak . 
  i have 1 charisma ( '' with the custom power aror paint ) and one rank in the skill for better bartering . 
  my question is , how do i maximize my selling prices , and about what level can i start selling my hoarded stuff on ? 
  5k dmg spotting , in a platoon . 
  feels like no one shoots what i spot . 
  please send help ( in a form of a platoon invite ) . 
  i have a tier 7 and ta tier 6 lt. lefexel/eu, 
  i have very strong ( private ... ) reasons for coming to denmark and staying there , and i 'm very serious about it . 
  months ago i posted [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/denmark/comments/3jcmpe/what_are_my_chances_on_working_in_denmark/ ) here looking around what my possibilities were . 
  i considered a lot of things , asked around and planned a lot . 
  my current plan is this :, 
  take all of my stuff and a lot of money ( about 15-22k kr . ), 
  with me and take a plane to denmark . 
  rent a place ( previously arranged ) , register for cpr there , get residence permit and look for for work . 
  start learning danish as fast as i can ( already started but i guess duolingo doesnt qualify me for exams ), 
  apply for university in english language course . 
  at this point i should hold at least a 12-hour job or otherwise i woulda run out of money . 
  apply for su . 
  graduate , work and apply for citizenship whenever possible . 
  i have a few questions about this plan . 
  what are the one-time type of expenses i just have to plan for ? 
  i know that i have to open a danish bank account , i have to have a danish phone number and plan ahead for the deposit of my rent , but anything else ? 
  ( besides very obvious things like washing powder or deodorant etc ), 
  my plan is to initially go to aalborg , aarhus , odense or maaaaaybe billund , since copenhagen is way too expensive in terms of rent and living costs . 
  after i settled down in a room or apartment to rent , i 'll start looking for jobs . 
  my problem is that i dont know danish yet . 
  i suspect that even the job ads that doesnt require danish knowledge are written in danish anyways , which i can translate , but how do i go about finding any job anyways ? 
  how do you start looking for low-end jobs ? 
  how much time would it take to learn danish well enough that i can take an exam ? 
  ( given that i speak `` perfect '' everyday english ), 
  given the limited jobs i can take , which one of the above cities ( or any other ! ), 
  would be my best choice , or is there a difference between those , in terms of my chances of finding a job ? 
  is the above mentioned ~ 22000 kr . 
  will be enough , given the circumstances ? 
  given that i need some time to organize the things i have to even obtain before seeking a job ( such as cpr ) how long would it take for me to find a job on average ? 
  ( so that i can plan ahead and bring enough money to survive for that long , without a job ), 
  let 's say i settle in one of the recommended cities - how much should i expect my monthly expenses will be , only talking about food and necessary things like shampoo etc. ? 
  ( my very rough estimate would be 1500 kr a month - i can `` live on bread and water '' for a long time if necessary ), 
  i have to have a rough estimate at least , about my chances , before i decide to go , so i need this info , all help is appreciated , thank you very much in advance . 
  ps : i also have plans in terms of failure but those are irrelevant here . 
  i casually glanced at his stream today and found that he is doing a week-long experiment on non-gold ammo . 
  i pretty much wont be able to be there when he concludes his experiment . 
  would someone be kind and , when orzy is done , let me ( and possibly others , perhaps a post ? ), 
  know what the conclusion was , and maybe the raw data that he has ? 
  i suspect a slight drop in wn8 but nothing much more . 
  i just want to know exactly how much . 
  i think gold ammo has higher effect on wn8 the lower we go in skill levels ( aka gold ammo matters but not as much for unicums cause they can aim ), 
  ok , so if you have no life and will play tanks all throughout the holidays like me , i may have something for you . 
  what i am proposing :, 
  i 'll refer you, 
  2 . then you create an account with an alienware invite code and complete the beginning player missions , at the end you will have about 17 prem days on the account . 
  we grind 1mil xp or a tier 10 together, 
  when i get the reward tank i either compensate you as perviously agreed , or we start over and i 'll grind the reward for you , as i will be nolifing tanks all january too . 
  optionally we can set a goal every day ( for xp ) and see if we can alternate helping each other on a daily basis . 
  i have tried this on several occasions , and although i never got the reward tank i got close and from my experiences i can say it is doable in about 2 weeks if we are careful and smart about the grind choices . 
  ( in solo it would take about a month ), 
  i 'll get the reward tank if my referred player reaches 1 mil xp platooning with me , or gets to tier 10 . 
  this has nearly the same difficulty , as for the tier 10 you will gain xp faster because of the xp bonus but that means you wont get enough credits for the next tier tank which results in creditfarming games = losing time, 
  what i am proposing instead :, 
  grind out a tier 5 med or arty , and complete the missions with them until 15 farming credits in the way for equipment , and claming a female commander for 6th sense . 
  2 . grind out a tank that shits xp and able to carry games in platoons , and spam it for the remainder of the 1 mil xp . 
  something like t-34 , t67 , kv-1 t-34-85 , t29 etc. 
  ps : you and i both have to be top 10 so if you are interested , please be a good player so we can consistently get the xp bonus ( something similar to me - ~ 2100 + wn8 - would be ideal ) . 
  also , ** you dont have to do it for free , i 'm open to ideas about compensation for it . 
  pps : i 'm asking now because we have time to plan ahead for the end of the year specials ( for example the x3 crew xp at the first week of jan would be sick to abuse with the x3 xp from the platoon bonus ... ), 
  ign is lefexel on eu , or pm here on reddit, 
  hi there , total newb signing in . 
  i have just started playing grim dawn and it is awesome . 
  i 'd like to figure out the game on my own ( more fun for me like that ) but i have a few questions that i ca n't figure out for sure , so please , if you know , answer them , but please dont spoil the game too much , 
  alright :, 
  - if there is an item which gives me , say , +1 to an arcanist skill , that is only if the arcanist wears the item right ? 
  similar to staffmods on diablo 2 ( instead of oskills like i first thought ), 
  - lets say all my damage is physical . 
  if there is an item or skill that says `` converts 10 % physical damage to fire damage '' , does that mean , that after that i can put , say , +12 % fire damage item up , and my total damage will be increased by 1.2 % if i calculate correctly ? 
  - outside than cast speed , spirit , casting costs , fire damage , and bruising damage , what can increase my fireblast dps ? 
  ( the skill that the burning ember gives ) also , what are the things i should aim for , if i 'm making a fireblast arcanist ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  i 'm using a soldier who spams force wave with the tremor variant , with 15 % chance to cast falcon swoop , from devotion . 
  - any recommendations where should i put the future devotion points , or should i respec falcon swoop ? 
  - any recommendations how can i put sustain into the build ?
