  come and say hi if you want , i 'm up for anything really . 
  ps : my current build on the ranger is : molten strike with additional projectiles , and i use herald of ash + anger . 
  the idea is to apply multistrike later and have life on hit ( claws ? ), 
  and blood magic so i can tank a lot that way . 
  passives are mostly defensive . 
  i just want to know if i can work this char up to higher levels or i should begin a new one . 
  cheers , 
  hi there ;, 
  first off i would like to thank you guys the nice responses and useful answers i got when i posted my questions about 2 days ago . 
  since then i created a witch and played it to level 36 but a new set of questions arose in me . 
  so my witch is leveled up to 36 . 
  i use ancestral bond ( 2 totems ) and the main skill is flame totem obviously . 
  i learned i will need another totem gem for another skill so i leveled up another flame totem in another slot . 
  problem is , its in my shield . 
  i suppose main skills go into armor because its max 6 socket . 
  where do i put my secondary skill then , and what kind of gems should i use for it ? 
  one guide suggested that i use my main skill for max dmg ( added chaos dmg , etc. ), 
  and then use culling + increased rarity on my secondary totem so that it finishes off mobs and has better drops like that . 
  do i have to tacke care of which totems i cast , or does culling strike always do the lethel dmg to a mob if its below 10 % ? 
  you guys said i better take some defensive skills but honestly up to level 36 ( im in act 4 start ) i didnt pick up any and went for elemental dmg + cast speeds . 
  i guess i will run out of offensive options later so eventually i take some defensive skills + passives , but how tough is the latter difficulties exactly ? 
  i mean on level 36 i got about 700 hp , 50 on all resists and no energy shield . 
  nothing oneshots me and by the time mobs get to me they die to the 1.5 k combined dpm of totems.not to mention totems are tough and safe to kill with , i can just cast them into a room and by the time i enter the room its cleared . 
  harder mobs and bosses i jsut walk around dodging their attacks . 
  do they get like , charge + stun later in the game or something ? 
  totem fires 3 particles now . 
  if i attach the additional projectiles gem , and get 2 more projectiles , will it increase the dpm ? 
  is it okay to just go all-in glass cannon damage build if i got a guy to tank for me ( in party ) ? 
  what should i do if i wan na farm currency quick ? 
  there is an item which would be insanely good for me , called tabula rasa . 
  it sells mostly for 1 exalted which i can obtain for about 33-35 chaos , but i dont even have 1 chaos . 
  where do ppl get rich so much ... ? 
  for penetration i have flammability . 
  but for very late game is it enough ? 
  also to add to that , is it worth taking avatar of fire ? 
  i got additional lightning damage on my flame totem , and also herald of thunder and my weapon ( rare wand ) adds some lightning dmg to the totem so about 40 % of the totems dmg is lightning . 
  obviously it will become worse if i take the avatar of fire passive , but its only 1 type of dmg so it is better for flammability ? 
  or how about elemental equilibrium and have my totem do all kind of damage with additional x dmg support gems ? 
  i suppose the dmg i do with totems are almost instant so at the first shot enemy will take 3 types of dmg instantly , so they get +25 resist to each but also take -50 resist to each , am i correct here ? 
  unrelated question : my marauder has molten strike . 
  it says in the description that it converts my physical damage to fire dmg . 
  does it mean that , indirectly , if i get str , that will make me do more fire damage ? 
  if i take retribution passive with said marauder ( 14 % melee dmg , 14 % spell dmg ) , how much will my damage increase will be ? 
  14 % or more ? 
  ( i guess at least the projectile part of molten strike is a spell ? 
  also , does x dmg to spells work that way ? ), 
  i plan to take blood magic passive with my witch . 
  it will obviously work with the `` does xxx if no mana is reserved '' as herald of thunder will now reserve life . 
  thing is , that there are items that work only on low life . 
  lets say i obtan an item which has `` has 100 % increased item rarity when on low life '' . 
  what percent is exactly `` low life ? 
  does it worth to have like 3 heralds ( and a shitton of defensive passives + items ) so that these items can work ? 
  perhaps an mf build running lower leveled maps maybe ? 
  thank you in advance if you read all the way :d ( my char is tschtsch , amsterdam eu , warbands , come lecture me if you want  ) also would be nice to party up with ppl , 
  most of us know that in general , premum tanks are supposed to be worse than their same tier non-prem counterparts . 
  this sometimes is amplified to the point that the increased xp and credit bonus doesnt even compensate for that . 
  for example the m3 light . 
  most of the times though , premium tanks are more than workable , so you can get similar , if not the same results . 
  for example , and is-6 can be just as efficient in battle as the is-3 . 
  ( pub battles that is ) . 
  i bet there are some `` paytowin '' or `` special '' premium tanks though . 
  they have special qualities which give you more advantage than their normal counterpart , and while they may have disadvantages that makes wg think its okay to have them as a premium , a good player can exploit them to the point that its better to have them instead of a non-premium ones . 
  so , what are these tanks in your opinion ? 
  my list would be :, 
  fcm36pak40 ( wiewrange , and decent gun ), 
  lefhforgottheotherletters : rof , accuracy, 
  fcm 50t : pref mm, 
  type 64 ( wiewrange is better than most t6 scouts ), 
  su-122-44 ( rof , and insane traverse speed ), 
  is-6 ( rof , and harder-to-figure-out weakspots ), 
  e-25 ( rof , camo , speed ), 
  simple as that . 
  my main account will be reset in a few days . 
  after it is done , i need someone who `` reinvites '' me to the game , so he can have the t95e2 and i can have x3 xp on my grinds . 
  that means we have to platoon ( a fuckton ) until we grind a tier 10 , or 1mil xp . 
  i have 47 prem tanks on that account which will not get deleted with the reset , so its up to you which way we choose ( just farm xp , or a tier 10 ) . 
  i just want the referral xp bonus . 
  one more thing , you got ta be decent ( ~ 1500 + wn8 ) because we got ta be in top 10 in order to get the xp multiplier bonus ( for comparison i 'm 2.1 k myself ) . 
  so , who wants a `` free '' t95e2 ? 
  pm me if interested , or comment here . 
  i 'm also open to suggestions and criticism about the whole thing . 
  i 'm a 28 year old hungarian male . 
  i got a `` construction techinician '' qualification , an ecl `` c '' type ( intermediate ) english language certificate ( i speak fluent english ) , and i attended ( but didnt graduate ) several universities , i got : 1 year in sociology , 2 years in architecture , and 2 years in it . 
  in my profession ( as a construction technician ) all the experience i got was during and a bit after the education , so 2 years . 
  ( well uh . . actually way more than that , but the rest of the experience wasnt exactly `` white economy '' ) i worked several jobs : janitor , cleaner , coaching mathematics/physics etc. 
  to elementary school students , and several jobs in warehouses . 
  i also have a lot of experience in speaking english and computer software/hardware . 
  i plan on working in denmark indefinitely . 
  if i read correctly i would need a workers permit as well as a residence permit . 
  i read a lot about it but i still dont have a clear picture about the reality of the thing , so i got a few questions . 
  how real are my chances to take a job with the above qualifications ? 
  ( both the legal chances and the `` supply-demand '' chances ) if none , how can i improve in the shortest time ? 
  what is the best way to go about it ? 
  i figure i probably need a job and a residence before moving to dk , but is there a way to lessen the initial `` investment '' ? 
  ( i mean i would probably need to carry 3 months of rent , 1-2 months of expenses plus `` emergency money '' ) . 
  for example would it make sense to coachsurf in denmark to avoid paying lots of money upfront for rent ? 
  are there other options ? 
  outside of actual jobseeking ( cv , motivation letter etc. 
  ) , seeking a residence and obtaining the permits , what is there to do ? 
  i 'm willing to work basically any job , for any amount of time .
