  no its on the front . 
  well its yellow to you i guess :d but i am talking about that part . 
  i got rekt by those in my is7, 
  everyone who commits a lot of time to computer games ( and his own team ) naturally has time for all the other stuff , girls included i guess . 
  it 's supposed to happen . 
  mtls and t95e2 are already on the eu server . 
  the t95e2 you can even obtain . 
  war chants either got forgotten ( because they were too old - for example we have no knowledge of any from the dark age period ) or , in newer ages mostly they embody an ideology and not the actual people ( communist chants , nazi chants etc. ), 
  so , if you are searching for war chants you probably only find it from the 1848 revolution ( and war for freedom after it ) . 
  those are the most popular ones , some of them ( the one with kossuth quoted here for example ) are teached in schools to this day . 
  there are probably some from the 18th century , but not nearly as well remembered . 
  after the 1848 revolution we didnt have any wars until the first world war and those chants during and after wwi were either full of ideology or toxic ideas, 
  `` up , up '' doesnt sound right . 
  i 'd use `` rise '' instead, 
  every soviet-related metro line doubles as bomb shelter . 
  at least those in kiev , budapest and moscow, 
  also probably the suspension is designed to only be good for track conditions imo, 
  this looks promising !, 
  in the first picture you kinda remind me of hayley williams , mostly because of the smile . 
  i 'd like to think you got a [ happy personality ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fc8khmpjvi ) like her . 
  dude you just fucked up , its you , its not reddit . 
  no offense, 
  longbowman with logbowman , and longbowman for additional damage . 
  but where ? 
  between the longbowmen and the longbowmen , or just scattered around the longbowmen ? 
  pls ... 
  it 's only there to break my heart ; i got a tryhard account now and besides the e25 this would be the only prem tank i would buy . -, 
  if i had money . 
  hey , take another look at the name of that professor . 
  tiger h gun has 240 alpha while the short 88 has 220 , so i wouldnt say it has the tigers alpha . 
  thanks !, 
   also your build sounds fun . 
  yeah , right now i got 5 projectiles evey .7 sec , but with multistrike and increased attackspeed i imagine every attack will look like a volcano :d, 
  thanks !, 
  does it worth to use that rare item recipe before level 60 for orbs of chance ? 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  took note of faster projectiles . 
  thanks !, 
  does that mean its also not good if both of my totems shoot the same mob ? 
  thanks !, 
  thanks . 
  i 'll just sell everything yellow until i get to lvl 60, 
  thanks !, 
  so if molten strike 's projectlie an attack : does it mean that if i have , for example , 5 projectiles , and my claw has 5 life gained per enemy hit , and all my projectiles hit , i gain 25 life per attacks ? 
  ( or 30 because the main attack hit too ? ), 
  very interesting , 
  ah , the daily salt post . 
  how did it get to the frontpage ? 
  slow day ? 
  can confirm , a4team rules !, 
  very cheap and great service, 
  i hate to tell you but the game is probably done already . 
  not really ? 
  it needed like 10 more shots from an archer, 
  yeah except there are 2 summoning portals in your board which make the others free . . 
  or `` silence , then destroy all minions '', 
  cry about them in forums under purple reroll accounts . 
  that way people will listen, 
  turn 1 thaurissan + deaths bite into turn warsong +2 frothing + triple whirlwind + faceless . 
  it 's also undenialby hungarian with all the usual camera settings, 
  honestly , i dont think so . 
  leading `` actress '' cant act for shit , but at least some of the others can , and the story is moving , so its worth one watch . 
  i 'd give it a 4/10 . 
  i was going to recommend kontroll ( or \u00dcvegtigris ) to this guy but he wants to learn the language so better just recommend films where the characters speak nicely . 
  and your recommendation is better that way . 
  `` delta ' is also a good film , but the characters there only speak like every half an hour . 
  it 's also a sad film . 
  come to think of it , looks like most of the hungarian films are `` only watch once '' either because they are so good a second watch doesnt provide much entertainment ( kontroll ) , or so bad but has good qualities ( \u00dcvegtigris is horrible but it has very funnny gags ) , or just sad . 
  meh , i 'd rather play a t-127 . 
  another thing : i think op is better off watching animations instead . 
  the quality is just amazing compared to the films . 
  tier 1 depends on map . 
  city maps definitely t1 , but loltraktor is good for open maps . 
  tier 3 also depends on map . 
  the british kv2 is good but open maps we 'll need a pak40 . 
  i 'd suggest a pz . 
  iij as `` heavy '' tanks , and some cruisers behind them as doom cannons . 
  tier 5 no contest , t67/chafee/elc all the way . 
  could be fun trying at2 's on open maps , but arty wrecks them . 
  i can come to all of these , but only as a supporting tank because i dont have any 6th sense in my tanks yet , and some of them not even 100 % . 
  i bukakke 'd ap on his back from my concealed 10mm smg in the tops pretty much every playthrough , except the unarmed one . . 
  i uh . . had some fun there . 
  no , you might wan na milk them for money . 
  wipe out the van graffs instead . 
  you can get a bos quest if you do , and they sell useless shit anyways . 
  in paper . 
  in reality though , at least one or more shells will miss . 
  well you are sol then, 
  syd mead , this name is extremely familiar from somewhere . 
  did n't he illustrate star wars comics maybe ? 
  edit : looks like nope . 
  more googling required , because his name is burned into my head and i dont know why . 
  edit2 found it http://www.liveinternet.ru/images/attach/1/3090/3090212_3016861_turbo07.jpg, 
  above pictured is a collectible piece of paper ( card ? ), 
  from a ( back then - ) popular gum brand `` turbo '' . 
  it was back in 1995-7 , dont remember exactly . 
  i was a kid and was really into collecting these , and so was one of my classmates . 
  he had 4 of these and nobody else had it . 
  i remember spending , practically my entire childhood , 6 years , trying to make him trade `` the syd mead '' ( we thought it was the car 's name by the way ) . 
  i remember once offering 500 other `` cards '' for it , only to be rejected .
