  * yawn * am i supposed to be dead now ? 
  the heimer one , was actually fuckin annoying , not even funny . 
  i 'd ban him jsut for that game . 
  you either have a twisted sense of humor , or havent passed 17 yet ... 
  still unsportsmanlike ( = against summoners code ) , sherlock, 
  fuck , 9gag invading already ? 
  direct quote from blitz 's lore :, 
   a unique being , the golem left zaun , distressed by the controversy and feeling there was no place he could fit in . 
  his travels led him to the one location in valoran where unique beings have a place - the league of legends . 
   his, 
   him, 
  i read it `` bro '' . 
  and it says he is male . 
  your point ? 
  come on , it was obvious . 
  it it were a real excuse i would go back in time to do 3000 % more sins :d, 
  i stacked pds on irelia when i started the game , it looked so logical, 
  they prolly vanished after they realized its useless, 
  lol, 
  back then when my opponents were bad enogh i built it on vayne for the same reason, 
  buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurrrnnnnnnnnnn, 
  you sure its not an aston martin ? 
  lol, 
  pfffffffffffffft, 
  i call him tesco tristana, 
  i refunded that thing , to me its nothing but a voiceover . . i dont know man . . 
  i love that crit animation . 
  i got verteran for 3 tiers wut, 
  you again ... 
  edit : 13 minus karma for an inside joke you dont understand , classic reddit, 
  awww it was cute < 3, 
  just the same as last time . . 
  stealing my name !!, 
  erm can you explain [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1bqic4/til_xin_zhaos_ability_spotlight_featuring_three/c99500y ) then ? 
  try harder . 
  not teamless now, 
  well they wont qualify either . 
  doesnt change the fact that he is on a team , legally or not ^ ^, 
  i 'm pretty sure he was plat on main, 
  i played ap trynd since 2010 . 
  did i win ? 
  rhux is corrently not on al lcs team atm ? 
  lol wtf, 
  nah , i 've been to / r/christianity for a long time and from what i see these threads/comments usually get deleted before they would accumulate too much - karma . 
  and that subreddit is tolerant too , so they `` love their enemies '' too , if you know what i mean . 
  trust me , probably you wont be better knowing that, 
  well in my opinion , he was indeed the best ap trynd in the world . 
  also , his stream titles might be a joke you know . . 
  was, 
  first of all pitotrek is a gold player . 
  qualityplayer was way better player before that and it was actually him who figured out how ap trynd was supposed to be played ( i mean playstlye etc ) no to mention it was him who perfected the build ( pitotrek went morellos lol ) . 
  what english ? 
  ever heard of typos ? 
  he corrected his build . 
  and it was not pitotrek 's build , jesus fucking christ , even i played that years before ... 
  hands down qualityplayer made ap trynd famous , not pitotrek . . nobody took pitotrek serious, 
  yeah i was wondering if kass run gp10 masteries . . then it hit me :d, 
  oh , good catch . 
  lol . 
  my bad then, 
  now that i got reminded of it , maybe i wont do the same mistake again !, 
  thanks, 
  yeah first subreddit i unsubscribed :d, 
  yeah . 
  reddit is not what you would think at first :d, 
  your sustain is inferior !, 
  i think it might be the fact that our mind , looking at the sketches , instinctively tries to `` complete '' them in our heads , so these sketches `` train '' our imagination too . 
  but that is just my guess and i 'm bad at english . 
  you forgot : '' :o '', 
  yes it 's that bad . 
  the way to get rid of them ? 
  win the game, 
  because i am ? 
  and no , he is quite hard to play , lol, 
  some other skin ideas got presented elsewhere ( forums , leguecraft etc ) also made it into official skin like battle regalia poppy and one morgana skin i believe , so it is not entirely futile to just sumbit skin ideas on the internet , 
  once you find out how to play against him , you will understand why not everyone plays him . 
  he has weaknesses just like every champ . 
  just abuse them ^ ^, 
  quite possibly the most badass loading screen ever . 
  hey it is super cool !, 
  yes . . 
  i refunded that skin because the autoattack animation was painful to orbwalk/cancel with . 
  i was levling smurf when i realized probably everyone has that skin lol, 
  but we head that way , sadly, 
  visage anyone, 
  not so intimate now :d, 
  definitely way older . 
  phreak , before riot days , used to cast starcraft and used the term there . 
  well the question was wehre it originated from , not when it became popular . 
  everything works if you can make it work . 
  not so long ago when i played panth i met ad + support top completely denying me while the enemy teemo went full tank botlane with still having cs . 
  we lost hard . 
  today i lost to ad carry nocturne toplane . 
  or not, 
  i 'm already posessing tryndamere 's ultimate ... 
  i meant to shoot a joke with the naming of it , but fuck it . 
  you guys take reddit to seriously, 
  can i have a downvote ? 
  there was a game i played as ( jungle ad ) master yi . 
  we lost . .
