  that 's actually two a 's having a 69, 
  holy shjit !, 
  can confirm , am eve main , cant play other champs for shit . 
  thankfully his words dont mean shit . 
  lol i can confirm , i know over 20 ways to make an omelette ( but notthing else lol ), 
  did you just sexually harass me ? 
  if you started at fo3 and just recently played fo1 then you are going to shit yourself playing fo2 . 
  it 's the best game ever . 
  the only reason i 'm not playing it anymore is because after 10 + years of playing it i think i pretty much exhausted all the possibilities i wanted to . 
  ( i still have it installed tho , lol ), 
  / r/justneckbeardthings, 
  people need to stop thinking about pregnant bellies like a backpack or something . 
  even then , fuck you for touching my backpack . 
  jeez . 
  i dunno mate i shit on yasuos all day with eve , does that mean eve has a good matchup against yasuo ? 
  no that means me and my lane opponent has 700k + difference in mastery . 
  oh and its g5 lol, 
  holy shit , he has a family ... 
  lmao, 
  i wish my dad were like you . 
  damn that hurt to type, 
  that 's just like , your opinion , man . 
  i 'm not the one who decides whether its unhealthy or not . . 
  i think maybe if someone `` likes it that way '' then maybe just let him/her be . 
  you mean pentakill, 
  how do you get 1k , by ap/lvel runes ? 
  i usually cap at like 820 even with a full mejais . 
  900ish if i sell boots for another echoes . 
  ( my usual endgame build is echoes , raba , lich , mejais , boots , and either zhonyas , nashors or that mpen item for 2650 forgot its name lol ), 
  snow day would be even better . 
  imagine snow q and r particles , and leaving footprints with w, 
  personally though , i 'd prefer blade mistress evelynn ( similar to the already existing morgana one ) because it could sneakily refer to sarah kerrigan which is one of my favourite characters ( think about how the new gp skin is basically kano ), 
   i do n't understand masquerade 's apparent popularity, 
  snow day evelynn you mean . 
  santa 's little sexy elf costume . 
  would sell a lot . 
  yes . 
  so glad i got it for free, 
  ye , baron and drakes lol . 
  of course . 
  meant to falsely give hope to the people brought there i guess so that they are more docile ? 
  evil as fuck . 
   actual mythological creatures . 
  i dont think you wan na use the word ` actual ' here . 
  i mean even the mythological wukong probably didnt exist . 
  man , we really need a new rammus taunts everyone . 
  hey everyone . 
  fuck you all . 
  o man . 
  just had a revelation . 
  dj sona needs a male counterpart . . 
  perhaps your problem is that you are facing the problem head-on . 
  you talked a lot of absolutes in your comments ; first try to let them go . 
  if you go into every conection with a male that he is probably a fatass neckbeard or wont accept your hobbies ; then your behavior will subtly change towards him . 
  aslight change in tone is all you need to ruin your chances ( of romance ) . 
  an open mind is what you expect from a male - be open-minded yourself !, 
  also , maybe you could just search for people that have nice behavior without gender assumptions , and when you know they are male you are set . 
  good luck in your search !, 
  ( source : am male gamer ), 
  can confirm lol . 
  i walk there a lot , instantly recognized the houses and the booth on the left, 
  saturation saturation saturation, 
  `` it takes a lot of effort to move like this in heels '', 
  oops , wrong game . 
  kinda like the enclave in fo2 lol, 
  trump fans are unironical unlike / u/yourlocalgrammernazi, 
  thing is , in urf they wont let u get intheir face, 
  wrong champion , 
  age of empires 2 . 
  i have a thing for crazy girls and boobs . 
  thankfully there is a champion for me too ... 
  or none of them if you wanted max crit, 
  that player is not hotshotgg in the vide btw . . 
  i 'll be honest , to me it looks shit, 
  * spanks, 
  you mean butbutbutily, 
  haha , did this in my sexton in himmelsdorf . 
  got 6 kills lol ( shot ap though ), 
  wait what does o-ho mean then ? 
  afaik ho isnt a number ... 
  very interesting !, 
  i thought that since ho is a kanji letter , then it must be a letter , not a digit . 
  i guess i was wrong :d got ta read up on it more, 
  best : e25 ( i call it turbo purse ) honorable mention to hetzer , it 's like a fat e25 . 
  worst : probably the lee, 
  no shit ? 
  my job here is done . 
  write to / r/depression . 
  that place is full of depressed people who are willing to write a lot about their depression . 
  these are fantastic too :d, 
  good job man, 
  not listeners - i mean if she listens to depressed people , she may understand depression better, 
  yup, 
  season 1 . 
  it was fucking broken back then . 
  and everyone flamed you for playing it . 
  good old times . 
  ( referring to sorakabot 's build or the w start roam build , but even smite ignite gromp start ap jungle worked . 
  had the misfortune of playing 700 eve games in season 1 ), 
  your penis , not your shit .
