  for the vegetables it helps if you dig a hole in the ground , put lots of unusable ( like , torn ) clothes if you have some in it , then put the potato in , then some clothes again . 
  so the potato doesnt touch the ground and stays edible for longer . 
  i call it the peasant fridge . 
  thankfully it only exists as part of wartime stories from my great-grandma . 
  the best video i ever watched about cooking . 
  so somple . 
  perhaps you should have given it a different approach and should have posted in on / r/aww or / r/mademesmile, 
  brick, 
  well do you have any better alternative that isnt concrete ? 
  and is used to build walls ? 
   why the hell ca n't i even speak my mind to my own mother ? 
  maybe you are conditioned to not to ? 
  look around , you maybe are a bit too much sumbissive for your own health . 
  anyways . 
  i always say if you feel you are right speak up for yourself , no matter how big trouble you get into . 
   the thought of upsetting someone or letting them down ?? 
  yeah . 
  i recently realized that thought . 
  i am 29 and also dealt with this for years . . 
  it became a pavlovian trigger for me . 
  everything i did , even the little things like . . not opening the window fully , i imagined what would happen if my mom would be there . 
  when i did things like this , the image of my mom verbally abusing the shit out of me flashed before my eyes . 
  that was when i realized i have to draw the line between letting people completely control me and considering their feelings . 
  i did that as a gut reaction when i was a kid ; but as time went on , it just kinda . . spiraled out of control . 
  i became emotionally abused to the point where i started to question reality . 
  i still am not okay regarding this . 
  but i did the most important step : always think before you give up your point to someone . . are they just abusing you ( not necessarily intentionally ) , or are they really deserving that thing you need to do for them ? 
  i wont lie it will be hard ... and for long months i looked like i just dont give a fuck . 
  initially i just stopped caring about anyone else for a bit then started to put the deserving ones back in . 
  slowly i put this decision ( who deserves me or my time ? 
  who should i do favors to ? ), 
  away from my emotional self and gave it to my rational self . 
  this was a long process and i gave up a lot during it ( almost all of my hobbies , my `` friends '' , etc. ), 
  but it was all worth it ( well given that i had a suicide attempt before , and i did not get much professional help , i can say i 'm in pretty good shape now lol ), 
  i suggest you do the same ( edit : not the suicide lol . . i suck at phrasing ) , or at least think about it . 
  but dont tell anyone . 
  just do it . 
  talking about these sort of things just make you feel like you already did it when in fact you didnt . 
  sorry for my english , and i wish you all the best . 
  edit : i 'll be around for about an hour if you want to chat . 
  the hardest part about this is that you can not get valuable feedback from anyone but yourself , and this process is where you have to distinguish wrong feedback ( getting abused for example ) from good feedback ( feeling shit cause you really fucked up ) . 
  so all i can say is question everything , and only implement things that you proven to yourself over and over form different angles and are 100 % correct . 
  sounds like you already know what to do though . 
  best of luck , and please let me know later , how it went . 
  ctrl + f `` peel '', 
  no results, 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  just make sure the meetups dont turn into me_irl style `` oh i got it worse '' circlejerks . 
  in real life , it not always good to get 2 depressed people together . 
  at least one of them has to be empathetic, 
   but if someone sees them i am absolutely fucked . 
  i 'm more worried about this than the scars . . care to elaborate ? 
  leg-alizing , lmao, 
  last i checked on full build it was like .6 sec cd, 
  i remember doing maths for like an hour about how to max your skills so that you can get it at level 6 lol . 
  i like it !, 
  not exceptional by any means but very high quality !, 
  ( at least , in my opinion ), 
  i 've been depressed for years , and i 've made a lot of progress . 
  but every time i make a small change there are 2 other difficulties i discover . 
  i feel like the more progress i do the longer the road becomes . 
  maybe the road will end , who knows . 
  but its scary . 
  at least i 'm going out . 
  i started playing a collectible card game , it looks like a nice hobby . 
  already met lots of nice people . 
  meh , you can chain cc him with your 4th passive, 
  well since the 42.0 patch you can no longer cast trinkets while silenced so you have a .5 sec window where you can apply the cc first and then constantly keep him in cc . 
  i 'd say , because of this , its a skill matchup, 
  yeah , after you got hdgps . 
  i meant before hdgps . 
  it 's an 5k gold item after all , you cant just get it level one, 
  may she rest in peace . 
  do n't forget : mourning is natural . 
  cry if you want . 
  take some days off your work if you want . 
  people will understand . 
  haha , 2b is the shit . 
  i remember i thought i 'm good with 2b when i was a teenager . . then my art teacher started whowing some tricks . . you remind me of her . 
  ( i mean , the drawing . ), 
  it looks amazing with the colors . . 
  i cant tell . . maybe its the contrast between the eyes and the hair, 
  no you are amazing !, 
  way better than anyone i did and believe me , i tried for years . 
  and choosing to use 2b only just might be your style then !, 
  indeed . 
   very mature and well thought out response from regi 's lawyers, 
  ftfy . 
  still , good on regi . 
  he probably agrees . 
  what 's the deal with uruguay 's capital city ? 
  brutal, 
  pretty ironic you have a fnc flair lmao, 
  lmao, 
  i 'm sure we can arrage that, 
  infinity is not a number though, 
  also in no circumstances should it fire while moving, 
  it 's a t28 actually, 
  i want to !, 
  hey moron , wan na sit in the queue for like 2 hours until the mm finds another failplatoon to put on the enemy team or what ?
