  all that matters in the long run is what are you comfortable with . . a more painful grind is less enjoyable :d, 
  for me its easy choice because i dotn have any tier 6 from eiterh england or usa so i 'll get the cromwell and the hellcat , but for example i enjoy the s35 ca so i wont free tp the arl44 for the french part ( databases say the arl 44 is the best french tier 6 to farm xp with ), 
  i was a bit sarcastic lol i dont care about my winrate either . 
  i do silly things like ramming with e25 because for me what matters is the enjoyment so i rather lose a battle than win a painful one :d, 
  not only his friens are jealous ... 
  is it na only ? 
  btw , in my opinion , use as many luchses as you can . 
  that thing in tier 4 battles is fucking broken . 
   it could defy physics with its race car-like abilities, 
  what ? 
  sorry i cant hear you over the sound of my pz1c, 
  also if you install gnomefathers sound mods the gun sound is pure orgasm . 
  possibly only surpassed by the sound of oneshotting a tier 10 tank with arty :d, 
  damn , as a luchs enthusiast now i 'm jelly . 
  so ... where did you see them ? 
  yeah i wonder what they are going to do abotu people that already got it . . 
  i mean they are starting the 700k grind from a free 100k advantage . . that 's just bullshit . 
  so they still have to grind 100k xp just they got 3 free days of prem essentially ? 
  though since im poor i really would have appreciated to be able to log in before that bug got fixed . 
  this looks nice , i dont know why wg didnt sell any yet , its looks like something many ppl would buy . 
  nice find , thanks for sharing . 
  no , it wasnt . 
  or i crash from gnomefathers sound mods ... 
  i have the same thing as well . 
  ( my youtube name is katu1337 in case you wan na check if i am subscribed or not ) . 
  ign is lefexel on eu . 
  good luck on your future videomaking career !, 
  ussr : kv2 for the most part , but i use the su8 occasionally and for doubles i will buy the t-150 , the mt-25 and the kv1s when i 'll have enough credits . 
  usa : hellcat , obviously . 
  maybe i 'll research jackson for another daily doubling . 
  france : arl v39 , maybe i 'll free tp the arl 44 later . 
  i 'm also thinknig about grinding out the 12t . 
  china : 59-18 , but i dont have experience scouting tier 10 games :(, 
  germany : dont have any tier 6 yet but it will probably be the nashorn or the vk3601, 
  brits : cromwell , obviously , with a side intent of researching the arty too , for daily doubling purposes . 
  the game was a one-sided stomp . 
  he probably couldnt reach his targets because others were more near to grab those free kills . 
  i have to grind 100k lol . 
  wish me luck, 
  it might be a lag issue . 
  sometimes , when i play arty , i see the yellow damage in the enemy hp bar 2 seconds before the shell hits . 
  we need more people like you to spread the positive `` energy '' . 
  thanks . 
  lol fuck you , i 'm not buying an operating system every 3 years that costs more than my food for a month . 
  possibly . 
  i mean sometimes i play 12 hours a day and not farm more than 75k total and that involves playing another tank while my main grinder tank is in garage . 
  a game that does not lag, 
  my computer to be decent to run the game on settings, 
  time to play and patience to grind ( i like to work for my tanks ), 
  ltp , tetrarch , b2 , minimaus, 
  thats all , am i greedy ? 
  unique . . just like everyone else . 
  all i saw is free steel wall + top gun for my t18 . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  oh shit i missed it , fuck . . 
  generous of you anyways . 
  in the name of the community ( i hope i can talk this way ) , thank you . 
  ( tank you , he-he ), 
  i think it has something to do with the explosion radius ... 
  i 'm at like 220k but it will be fine , i get better every day so i get more xp ( at the start i had 10k/day , last day i did 29k ), 
  money, 
  reddit has a bot which adds some upvotes and downvotes to confuse spambots . 
  what makes you think everyone cares about his winrate ? 
  what if i enjoy my arl v39 no matter what ? 
  or 3 b2s in a tier 4 game . . 
  or 3 bt-2s in a tier 2 game, 
  how could i forget my most played tank < 3, 
   do you think the vk 30.01 h can perform the same role ( when i get to it ) ? 
  maybe , but not better . 
  kv1 is the best tier 5 heavy tank , hands down, 
  indeed . 
  the placement of the fences makes no real sense except if they put it down only to test desctruction . 
  depends on how you value certain aspects . 
  in terms of armor the kv-220 is better . 
  ( but the gun is shit . ), 
  in terms of dpm or brawling potential churchill iii is better . 
  ( but it sucks d * ck in tier 7 games , slow and has no pen ), 
  in terms of accuracy , the bdr is better . 
  ( it has sh * tty armor though , and lacks dpm ), 
  what i am saying is that the kv1 is so `` balanced '' between these that there is not really a technical weakspot of it . 
  probably only the ( lack of ) speed which i can mention , but thats all . 
  i dont know , i just do the daily `` play your ass off and you get a free day of premium ( 50k xp or dmg ) every day . 
  hmmm i kinda wan na rebuy the t82 and equip the derp cannon on it, 
  amx 40 is horrific ? 
  no way man . 
  that tank is awesome . 
  just play it like a heavy , load gold , and vandalize enemy lines . 
  because they are over < 3 i use my premuim days left i accumulated from the is6 quest , hoping they release a premiumday quest soon, 
  so what you are saying that i 'm a scrub for getting the ace tanker on it after 3 games ? 
  i think the russian heavies are also good for sidescraping ? 
  i see 9 hits and 10 damaged enemies . 
  is this a bug or did you splashed one enemy with a shot to another ? 
  pz1c . 
  it was my first serious tank to play . 
  my favourite is when i met another pz1c and 90 % of the time they have the mauser which just bounces off my front while i pump 2cm shells to them :d, 
  ( 2.4 sec reload with 110 potential damage is always nice imo ), 
  was that gotan project i 've heard ? 
  i feel you . 
  every time i get into a tier 4 game with my luchs i feel like a t8 vs. 15 t7 cars ... 
  quaaaack !,
