  well obviously ap yi is out , but i think crit yi can be a hypercarry ... 
  i 'd rush zephyr in jungle and ie in lane but didnt test enough yet, 
  i 'm sorry , but to me this just looks awful as shit . 
  [ ... ] hi , what time is here ? 
  he needs a slow i think , but maybe it would be better boots3 with furor upgrade + zephyr for sticking , because lifesteal is probably not necessary if you have w. 
  also his e synergizes mch better with bt . 
  i think there will be a bruiser-ish build with bork and a carry-like build with bt . 
  no no no . 
  alpha strike is the aoe nuke in teamfights . 
  come on . 
  if you crit its like a fiora ult every 5 sec, 
  up the irons !, 
  khm khm something something evelynn, 
  95 % with ie + mastery ? 
  i like how you designed all the curved and sloped surfaces smoothly . 
  many mocs has the fault of having so big gapholes near curvess that they ruin the picture . 
  grats . 
  nope , you left innervating locket, 
  the way he walks ... man , old eve was beter than that, 
  nah people werent circlejerking about it, 
  not counting the randomly generated stuff like legionary assassins equipment and things you can get with speech/etc . 
  checks , but yeah , i think it will be long :d, 
  meh , bugs doesnt really annoy me , i learnt to live with it , its fallout after all :d, 
  but i have an unbeatable method to keep track , and its as simple as it can get . 
  when i discover a new location in the worldmap i loot everything there asap . 
  this way the map is a good source of where to search for remaining stuff :d, 
  thanks for the info , definitely will be using it . 
  i just wanted to know that is there a safe storage more earlier . 
  kinda dont want to travel all the way to novac encumbered ... 
  more info yay !, 
  thanks for that  this trick seems like something i will abuse hard . 
  on the perks : the only one i can use level 1 is the hoarder trait , which doesnt really mean a plus . 
  25 weight is nothing , really . . better have small frame and dump the extra character point in str for more carry weight . 
  or early bird . 
  the problem with strong back and pack rat is that they have bot level and barter requirements . 
  now , if you reat the whole thread i mentioned somewhere i loot every single place on a location before leaving so that i know that i dont have to search through it again . 
  since primm has loot behind 2 doors with both 75 lockpick i got ta max it , also i will need at least 40 speech to get those special star caps from the guy before nipton . 
  ( and not even mentioning the science 55 repair 35 which i will need to get ed-e . . yes i know i can repair him with parts but with the checks i get more xp and spare the parts . . ) that means if i only follw the main quest i 'll be like level 6-7 when i arrive to novac , with no points in barter and still having to level up 1-2 times until both perks are ready , even with 10 int i wont have that many skillpoints plus when i arrive in novac i can just rent a room and then the extra perks wont mean anything other than . . 
  i jsut have to go home more often . 
  anyways i think completing odd world blues right after leaving primm might be a good choice so i can have a base really early ( plus eliminating the need of having long haul with the use of transportalponder ) , my only concern is that i fear i wont have enough skills to pass those checks ( iirc at the start of owb there are even some guns checks which you can get weapons and ammo with . . ), 
  i dont want to cheat man :d, 
  yea . 
  i only use tcl for going through invisivle walls that makes no sense , like around vault 22 or so . 
  but that is because invisible walls are some intense f * ggotry, 
  yup , i also plan to pass every single skill check in game, 
  what is an rv . . ? 
  edit : i used to store things in sunset sarsaparilla crates . 
  the contents can disappear :(, 
  thanks , 
  that would be 6 autoattack and bam , 3 ppl dead . 
  bt bt bt lw hurricane nunu 'd vayne incoming, 
  no no no no no . . 
  she is beautiful as she is, 
  literally this ... 
  its actually really good if you rush a sheen since your passive is magic dmg anyways and people prolly wont build mr against you . 
  i dont know if you can fit a tear into the build though , lichbane seems so mandatory i dont think so . 
  yeah , its just the emma watson phenomenon , she seems . . more reachable, 
  are you a celebrity as well ? 
  yeah i dont really know this either , as she is not really interesting to me either , i was just trying to figure it out with my moderate english knowledge , but you are right i think . 
  i have no idea . 
  all my guess is , part of human nature that many ppl overcome , and even more doesnt . 
  since its a simul he will have only a few seconds per move while you will have much more than that , i wouls suggest a variation that you deeply know , and can complicate ( make it harder for him to look for easy moves or recognize patterns ) . 
  i just cant stop looking at the 3rd picture . . o.o, 
  edit : also , jodie foster . 
  plus if you have a bit of luck you can rake in 100k from the casino anyways ( 10k prewar money i mean ), 
  wasnt too hard ... 
  although it costed me a shitload of ammo and stims, 
  gragas would like to have a word with you, 
  w for your carries then ult the enemy backline . 
  strong teamfight i 'd say . 
  works well with gp top nunu support :d ( maybe even , kalye mid ), 
  i 'd say , when talking about soraka her q is even more underrated . 
  yeah but sivir as an adc is poop . 
  steroids work well if you got a hypercarry to boost . . 
  well if you are gold starved you are probably behind which means you will get killed so you lose bt stacks , i guess . 
  i 'm mentionng kayle because she is a viable ap carry meanwhile benefiting the ad and as allies can give her . 
  throwing like ... thresh lanterns ? 
  so ... mechanical ? 
  great guide , but it seems you are slightly biased towards poppy a little bit . 
  you say poppy is the highest movespeed assasin in the game . . did you ever outrun an eve ? 
  edit : please dont say its with ghost , eve can pick ghost too . 
  and not only play her . . play her well !, 
  haha . 
  people who play poppy need to get educated , good job on that . 
  so is morde, 
  but the other way . . it does . 
  sadly these guys never heard of it ... 
  strangely reminds me of kat von d, 
  muhahaha . 
  but after you get the computer every game is free !!!!, 
  just not legal, 
  i killed legionary assassins with lucky ... 
  koreans deserve credit , they did it first , then it got up to youtube where xj9 found it and then it spread to europe and us . 
  / r/spacedicks, 
  warning : do not click, 
  because it is n't a literal warning . 
  i just pick malz/karthus/anivia and power farm after level 5 , no challenge in that, 
  no ... we dont, 
  or just deal with it, 
  except the power armor guy . . yeah i got a leather armor with like 6 dt and then this guy comes with 25 . . fuck that,
