  while yi is great for splitpushing eve rapes teams and ganks arent bad . 
  i 've met so many good maokai/alistar players who are only silver because of their picks . . 
  annoying , luckily i enjoy playing those champs . 
  plus lux support ftw, 
  or not, 
  nope , lost a ranked because of that a few minutes ago . 
  of course with all the blames/reports for feed , 
  riot i love you < 3, 
  looking at the guide it is obvious that the creator never played against anyone above silver . 
  terrible runes , terrible items and the matchups is extremely biased . 
  its a reference for galdiator draven celebrating italian client yo, 
   gone through multiple diablo 2 installs, 
  respect, 
  probably lag . 
  i lagged hard today too , ganked top , we almost killed , and my voli spammed `` x9 eve ty '' in chat for the rest of the game even though i stated him clearly many times , that i just lagged . 
  fuck this shit . 
  imagine people trying to :, 
  pick any champ that is not `` op '' ( so , for top , you can only pick darius and garen ), 
  trying to play something non-meta ( kill lane bot ? 
  buying items not seen in lcs ( `` report eve pls look his items '' ( i had a cutlass , wtf ) ), 
  or anything like that . 
  insta report by at least 3 + ppl . 
  and then you go to tribunal and you cant play your favourite game because some kids abusing summoners code . 
  fuck that . 
  [ shakira 's lie detector ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dut5reu6pqm ), 
  sure , add me ( wakkawakkawakka ), 
  holy fuck that was you , so soon, 
  damn . 
  shadow isles has a considerable faction too !, 
  as my heart is in the shadows i cant join any other faction so . . pls . . pls . . you know :(, 
  malzahar , khazix , snoop kogg , cho ... 
  evelynn 's dance is from flashdance the musical . 
  [ proof ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pbbufmxygg ), 
  morde needs farm , and has no escapes for a long lane . 
  i 'd go for eve top < 3, 
  i dont know . 
  kass mid , khazix jungle , cho top , kog ad , malz support maybe ? 
  ( malz support is fun . 
  banner of command + captain + bulwark = empowered voidlings , 
  no it would force people to not leave . 
  = more rage/flame/feed, 
  how classy for a guy who is undead, 
  you cant ult the morde clone . . ? 
  the woman is beautiful, 
  and the facelaz0r, 
  finger herself . . twice, 
  to the frontpage !, 
  yes, 
  somehow, 
  fuck you , gangplank and fiora are attack damage carries , just like tryndamere or yi . 
  ad carry ! = ranged ad carry, 
  singed . 
  i would just chill out with him , maybe ask him for a sip or `` insanity potion '' :d, 
  get your grammar together, 
  is sorakabot still around ? 
  tell him wakka says go fuck yourself for ruining eve, 
  say hi to him . 
  he can just ult them ? 
  oh shit yes . 
  revive tp eve . 
  ring any bells ? 
  tl ; dr i dont understand the division system qq, 
  * cough mordekaiser cough *, 
  yup , the damage was shitty tho, 
  shit . 
  every time i hear `` impure fools !!! '', 
  i step back a little , no matter how hard the enemy vayne is feeding . 
  its scary as shit, 
  honestly i find out a little bit harder to get used to it . 
  i got both mafia and `` green '' twitch and even tho the green one is kinda worse quality , i use if because . . its a little bit easier to last hit or orbwalk with it . 
  same with warlord shen compared to other shen skins, 
  more like feedlesticks . 
  but now , as it has % dmg , it scales with mpen too , not just ap . 
  i wonder what happens if you build 10001 mana on him :d, 
   they 'll nerf it until no one picks it , it reminds me of rengar and urgot, 
  you dont play this game for too long , do you ? 
  now it scales harder . 
  i mean . 
  like . . elise q, 
  i think you just trying to say that with your own words which means exactly the same as mine . 
  its like you are trying to argue with me saying the exact same thing as i do . 
  which is ridiculous . 
  oh , i understand now , 
  lol no shit sherlock ? 
  what i say , is that the damage increases with mpen . 
  ( i agree , poorly worded - i meant inflicted damage ), 
  what you say , that the base damage itself doesnt increase ( duuuhhhhh ) jsut the inflicted damage . 
  wow . 
  you dont say ? 
  now , stop using your energy nitpicking . 
  its useless . 
  lol 4chan , gtfo, 
  where are the mods now, 
  and . . what if i want to watch a flamer ? 
  like i give a shit about downvotes . . 
  cdr not really useful for anything outside ult, 
  avoid : katarina , elise , basically champs that have more base damage than you do . 
  runes : standard ap page ( mpen red armor yellow , mr blue ap quint ), 
  start : flask + pots in lane , machete in jungle . 
  sometimes , for harder lanes , redelixir + ward + pots .
