  - full apcr, 
  i did not know i wanted this, 
  kanjpz is also a pain in the ass to play , also inferior to any other german td . 
  i used to have all of them ( except the kjpz which i played on the testserver ) and i have abour 200 ish games in all of them . . and 4000 in the e-25 . 
  despite the 4man crew . 
  churchill 3 . 
  ( its for a friend hope he doesnt notice ), 
  i love this music merry christmas < 3 dug, 
  whoa whoa you can show that for free, 
  hah , that one is true . 
  point taken, 
  anecdotal eveidence is the best evidence, 
  wow , i dont play on na but the dpg of my bishop would make me # 2 on that list, 
   leopard is a bigger luchs, 
  you could say * dicker luchs *, 
  i was thinking about an argument that they dont really represent reddit but all i hear is `` no true scotsman '' in my head so yeah . 
  do 1040 damage every single game for 200 games in the bishop , then you can shittalk . 
  blitz gets the type , aw gets the type , everyone gets the type except me . 
  ( also what might be the closest thing that i can play ? ), 
  it 's not worth the effort . 
  just abuse them ( make enemy shoot them and catch the enemy when its on reload etc ), 
  i do cooperate when i am asked though . 
  i accept all platoon invites , because sometimes when i need a mission i invite random ppl too . 
  hm , i am actually interested in that tank since anfield recommended it . 
  do you think it is worth to obtain over other t8 meds ? 
  ( i 'm looking at cdc and t-34-3 atm ), 
  seems like too much of an additional wieght jsut to be able to cross water . 
  would lolve to read about the effectiveness of it , but i 'm betting this was just an experimental vehicle . 
  i rape those in my t-28e30, 
  what do you mean ? 
  put out the first clip , go to repair station , put out second clip then suicide ? 
  seems viable actually . . 
  i only grind 1 or max . 
  2 line at a time , and have almost no keeper tanks due to the credit i farm goes away for things like goldspam in tanks that need it etc. 
  only nowadays , i got better in terms of skill and also ammo management , can i afford a few keeper tanks ( right now its su-14-2 , bishop , fv304 and cromwell ) . 
  i still almost always sell the tank i elite to buy the next one , and its not necessarily the next tank in the line , it can be another tank i didnt have money for earlier . 
  for example last time , i sold o-i to buy the bishop . 
  can you stop effortless shitpostin m8, 
   have between 46 and 47 win rate, 
   i know i 'm a good player, 
  lol, 
  7/10 , nice skin !, 
  i do , 
  something i like in this very much . 
  i just dont know what . . 
  i like it , the dpm is nice , it get ms credits and wn8 , and trains my jap tank crew ( altough they are female so they dont need as much training ) . 
  it is definitely worse than the vk 36.01 though , i think its slower , and less armored . 
  at least feels like so, 
  erm uh , i guess na ? 
  o wow i wanted a deathadder anyways lol . 
  might look into buying one, 
  thats cause its only reliable in tier 8-10 . 
  i can solo carry an 5 % game but i have to be in my b2 or a tier 4 game with a luchs , or some other extreme case, 
  i actually want one because i tried a friend 's old one . 
  i think it will be fine for me . 
  one of my favourite designs along with the a-10 . 
  guess why ? 
  i thought it 's obviously `` giving in '', 
  he played the king 's gambit . . 
  it was more like a series of moments , but there was a game where i obliterated 2 tigers and some other small tanks in my o-i without taking any damage . 
  magic forest is still magic i guess . 
  did 4.5 k dmg that game under 4 minutes . 
  [ are you sure ? 
  ] ( http://vivaster.com/media/cache/excursion_slider_photo/images/excursion/photo/54d9e74031d4c9_19796000.jpeg ), 
  i remember eve ulti , it used to be the animation of her current w. and the passive just . . had about 3-400 hp instant heal . 
  disappointing but at that time , it was fine . 
  then again , she used to not even have a proper walk animation . 
  honestly , its not so high quality , but i kinda have a nostalgic feel about it, 
  mo ppl just mad that you are retarded, 
  the problem is that his name is not a wordplay on `` onion '' and its glaringly obvious, 
   ammo rack - critically hitting your ammo rack will now blow your turret off . 
  nice add on effect , nothinggame changing though, 
  just watch out for the flying turrets , as they can damage nearby tanks . 
  clever, 
  you look very happy which is a big plus . 
  i 'm middle eu so i ca n't rate though, 
   i 'd like to say i handled it maturely, 
   returning a whine with an insult, 
  nope, 
  is it only for ru server . . ? 
  im sure he keeps it up - he has more than 2 million karma lol, 
  no reward tank or am i missing something ? 
  you need to do around 600-800k xp total for a tier 10 . 
  but you will never have enough credits cause you research the next tank quite fast , so you will have to play credit farm games . 
  i 'd recommend platooning together for 1 mil . 
  for example if you get an invite code and push it a bit more you can get a chur3 on that account and spam it for 24 hours for x3 bonus , you can get 100k + xp a day this way , or way more depending on how much you play . 
  i mean recently i tried this with one of my friends and we made 70k in 2 hours , effortlessly . 
  now if you find someone who can spam chur3 for you 3-4 times on 3-4 diff accounts ( abuse first day x3 bonus ) then you might complete the whole shebang in 4-6 days . 
  edit : chur3 cause its easy to play , has a shitton of xp ever game for some reason , and also , its 750g right now , sometimes completely covered by the gold you get with the inv code . 
  being an unrated player myself i beat some 2k elo players in blitz tounament games back when i played chess in my club . 
  my biggest `` achievement '' is lasting 50some moves against judit polg\u00e1r . 
  at some point i was 4 pawns up  . <, 
  i 'll see if i can find the sheet somewhere ... 
  edit : nope , looket at everywhere it can be . 
  sadly i only found the brochure of the event , it was a simul . 
  i wouldnt throw it away , its just somewhere totally unaccessible right now . 
  i 'm in the middle of `` moving '' my stuff basically . 
  part of it is in another place, 
  you dont have to fire for it to be intimidating . 
  and if the government have proper defenses ( aka , fires back ) it doesnt matter , the amx has no armor,
