  also i used to play when tired/drunk , nowadays i becaame more tryhard and i only play when i 'm 100 % sure i can win ^ ^, 
  so no im not a saint lol, 
  i had several irl mental problems to begin with, 
  did that literally happen in 1591 elo ? 
  lol, 
  them plays , i feel inspired . 
  see you at 2k, 
  fuck , i thought it will get better if i climb up . 
  for reference , 1300-1400 is much better than 1100-1250 in terms of trolling/raging . 
  i assumed the rise in politeness is linear , lol, 
  turns out its not . 
  meh , at least ican make use of my huge experience down there ... 
  thanks for the info, 
  probably never . 
  the main reason they dont implement more bans , as stated in the forums by redposts , is that in competitive/high elo play they would be targeted bans which would hurt the game overall . 
  has to alliterate i guess , and his claws are sharp as swords so it 's a `` poetic freedom '' lol, 
  dude, 
  heis 1500 average on silver 1, 
  i 'm maximum 1200 on average and i got placed silver 2 and i was the third place in it . . three people separated me from the same tier with 300 elo diff . 
  wait how did you know that ? 
  yesssss i like it , make them scream, 
  or some hentai, 
  my tactics - . -, 
  oww i remember a support gp game just didnt thought it was you . . 
  i thought u were much higher rated . 
  could have been a typo, 
  :( lets suck together, 
  ( im totally not gay ), 
  ^ ( maybe a little ), 
  there is diamond over plat now i think ? 
  strange . . my friend and me just have very long queues , but nothing like this . 
  i have about 90 friends and no one is in my league  . <, 
  i smell butthurt mad, 
  same for me , i 'd have liked it as i have at least 20 people on my friend list who are on the same division as me  . <, 
  please no, 
  i love the current sex-slave look, 
  plus attack animation/spell animations, 
  ( obviously new spells have new anims lol ), 
  therefore the only champion stacking tear with `` autos '' is ashe . 
  critting people for 240 , level 1 . 
  nope - . -, 
  fine . 
  if they attach a badass legendary like demonblade tryn ^ ^, 
  q spell , and now the r reminds me of zergs , why not a queen of blades skin ^ ^, 
  no , just from lcs series . 
  sunfire on every single melee ap carry . 
  dude he clearly has the logic of a 9 year old , treat him as one . . smile and walk away, 
  wonder if twitch ult works that way, 
  you seem like the kind of guy who could understand and implement those kind of guides that start like `` how to win in soloq '' . 
  i was in your shoes not long ago . 
  i read a few guides and i got a little bit better myself as well . 
  but these guides helped a lot . 
  you should read them , use google or whatever . 
  chu8 's guide ( http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=2846999 ) stands out , i 'd recommend it as a start . 
  no really . 
  it just fits on him so well , plus if you buy it early you dont really need ignite so you can rock teleport . 
  and the lack of early game burst can be offset with some cheese runes . 
  ( for myself i run full crit % runes coz im feeling lucky . 
  but wouldnt advise it to anyone lol ), 
  with the same logic syndra ult does that too !, 
  oh boy , i smile inside when enemy picks irelia in draft . 
  rammus just rapes her . 
  dont worry he will get downvoted to oblivion, 
  lol, 
  especially with the 20 % free mr + armor he gets from the passive now , lol, 
  fuck you, 
  that 's all . 
  coz then it would be nice, 
  please , downvote this shit to oblivion . 
  we dont want everyone know it - . -, 
  aaand anivia !, 
  damn i 'd buy it, 
  yes , you should change your name to turkey :d, 
  maybe its not appropiate here , but i got ~ ~ 10 ~ ~ ~ ~ 16 ~ ~ ~ ~ 7 ~ ~ 5 dota2 keys , anyone want them ? 
  you deserved it 100 % . 
  pm me an email address, 
  send an email address . . will pass a code then tomorrow , my net sucks today, 
  indeed lol . 
  but at least i can make some people happy now, 
  dota2 should be okay too, 
  sure , send me an email address, 
  special forces gangplank . 
  i was already a badass pirate and shit , but this new look , especially with the new crit animation , whoah . 
  nothing is more rewarding than bam bam bam people down , lol, 
  dude , a katana is way more badass than a fucking lightsaber . 
  ahahahahahahh thanks for giving me a laugh !, 
  i clearly remember , it was in season 1 where i spammed evelynn , basically there was a time when i only played her for like 300 games straight . 
  i went into ranked , . 
  i was last pick . 
  remember it was when eve had a stun . . 
  i locked in eve instead of support and i roamed ( roaming meta was somewhat viable at that time ) and if i recall correctly , at leve 6 i had 8 kills and 6 assists or something ridiculous . 
  someone disconnected from our team so i had to take top and we dragged the game out . 
  at 40 minutes there was a teamfight when i managed to 3shot a fed garen ( ad eve with : triforce , yoyos , ie ga ) . 
  we won , and i felt confident to play . 
  soon it turened out that the community looked at me as a troll , though . 
  sad . 
  not gon na beat me in hipsterdom still, 
  i know . 
  i was referencing the samurai skin which is more badass than the chosen/aethwerwing imo :d, 
  wasnt meant to be exact but thanks for the clarifying ,
