  i am not even againt picking teemo - i love variation and fun champs when it comes to tournaments . 
  not against people picking a champ in every matchup either - i am an avid eve fan and i think i never had `` fear '' in any matchup ( except fiddle if you know what i mean ), 
  so i can imagine anyone has confidence playing teemo against anything . 
  but in lcs , picking a champ is decided by many different factors which maybe not everyone has knowledge of . 
  like . 
  are we blue side ? 
  do they have significant aoe damage ? 
  how will teamfights go lategame ? 
  what i mean , these different factors might be against picking teemo as there will be a champ that will do the job better . 
  although i miagine with trm on team who mains teemo , can make him work in more situations than any other . 
  kinda like how fizz is permabanned vs millenium even though no one else than tabzz is playing it . 
  yup , i can safely say a good 40 % of my lane phase kills as gangplank , are from ulting botlane . 
  not in engages , no . 
  in silver no one knows how to use my ults to engage . 
  i snipe low hp carries instead !, 
  i dont even connected the cable thet connects the motherboard to the on-off switch . 
  i cut the cover off the cables a bit and every time i start up my comp i feel like a car thief lol, 
  you mean fucking skull face revive rape karthus, 
  what ? 
  you can get really good advice here . . 
  do you have proof of his behavior ? 
  i mean solid proof , not stream vods . 
  make it a t-shirt , and get rich :d, 
  til the average lol player has no knowledge of geography at all . 
  this is 5th grade geography here . 
  not sure what americans learn for 4 years . . 
  it 's called sight stone , duh, 
  and people keep saying , you can prevent the urge to flame back by muting them and you dont get reported . 
  more like , everyone knows that so why post it ? 
  yeah , and alex can learn from tabzz . 
  yeah , like a 21 min surrender . 
  you never seen tabzz on fizz ? 
  dude . . the koreans ban fizz every single game vs him . 
  that might show something no ? 
  especially if you keep taking 20 damages from muramana and suddenly bam every attack is a 250 dmg nuke lol, 
  i think i heard ( or read ) a clg member saying it is the best spell lategame . 
  well if you devote yourself to play a certain chamion to the limits its normal to have this number of games with it . 
  i 'm playing eve since i joined league and - just in ranked - i got 600 games with her, 
  with normal and dominion its over 1100, 
  hah , yes . 
  i dont deny that . 
  i mean that tabzz 's fizz is probably stronger than alex ich 's , because tabzz plays it more , its his `` main '' while alexich is more diverse . 
  jeez . 
  the moment i was about to decide my main , in season 1 , evelynn was raping low level people with invisible stuns . 
  bear in mind that was the time when nobody played ezreal and corki , and ad carries were usually at mid , so sending a bruiser ( vlad , cho ) solo bot and roaming eve was common , or at least viable . 
  i didnt really want to be a carry , or a tank , and eve 's looks were also appealing ( masquerade ftw ) and strangely fitting to her kit . 
  nothing like a maniacal energy vampire appearing laughing out from nowhere , after a long period of following , stalking , she has `` stunning '' presence and also you cant catch her . 
  so , since then i was sniping people with eve , playing her roaming ap at start , then jungle , ad . 
  revive smite eve will be forever my favourite thing . 
  then the yorick patch came and people flamed even more but i kept playing . 
  last days before the remake i was still working on new ways to make her work ( one of my self-working builds were manamune ttriforce roa malady on dominion , these items were all on top of the gold efficiency table ... or the triforce malady bc shred . 
  also the gunblade sprit visage heal smite build for epic dive plays ... 
  then the remake came and people flamed when i tried to play her ap mid . . coz `` shes a jungler now '' . . then alexich used it in a tourney ( shushei tried in in s2 but failed . . vs m5 tho ) and i was flamed for trying her jungle  . < but i always had an affinity for underdogs so i tried to get better in the game by perfecting my eve play and understanding where she belongs in the current meta . 
  right now eve is a little bit underpowered in soloq , at least in silver , because forcing your team to attack is hard without a galio/amumu/malphite ulti . 
  ** tl ; dr : most fun i had in this game to build eve in ways people thought troll but i made it work **, 
  lol fuck you , if i bought the champ i have the rights to play it anywhere, 
  meanwhile syndra ulti  . <, 
  well i think none of them fits , i would go dfg and zhonyas-athenes but i dont play syndra, 
  true , i have a friend who mentioned he `` won lane '' against him ( tabzz ) once in soloq , but lets just say . . not by outplaying him ( he was playing tf ), 
  for game mechanics or damage she is indeed balanced . 
  what i mean is that she lacks the psychological effect of an amumu/malph ulti ( amumu is not banned in silver because he is so good . . he is banned because one of the main weaknesses of silver players is knowing when to engage in a teamfight and an amumu ulti is like `` go go go !!!!, 
  now !!!!!!! ), 
  undead doesnt cry ... 
  god, 
  this is a thing ? 
  and then a lb comes and 1shots you before you can cast qss :d, 
  for me it sounds like `` puddaddaple '', 
  fuck that ulti, 
  - any ap carry, 
  did i use the phase wrong ? 
  please tell me , i 'm not native english, 
  i love to counterpick swain with yi . 
  cleanse the ignite and trololo heal in your face . 
  how do you feel ehwn playing against ryze ? 
  do you have any probs ? 
  tell that to old eve fans, 
  oh wait there are like 3, 
  and im one, 
  technically , they dont have brains telling their tear gland to work . 
  or at least their brain doesnt work . 
  or at least it doesnt work as intended . 
  yeah one of my close relatives is a beekeeper and i noticed that too . 
  riot would surely correct it if the skin would go through like battle regalia poppy did, 
  khm if ppl upboat a bad joke you should not criticize it , all you will get is a few hundred minus karma, 
  the skin was a custom skin in leaguecraft at first but riot liked it so they made some adjustments ( or remade it , idk ) and it became official, 
  both female no ? 
  we have male humans mating with horses , dogs , pigs . . but not male ones, 
  chooo chooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  what, 
  the fuck did i just, 
  watch ^ ( and fap to ), 
  you mean the 95 % part, 
  hell yes . 
  he also has an asian face but has european name, 
  oh , that might be possible because in the dictionary we have the same word for `` sexual intercourse '', 
  . . of laughter, 
  i dont know , the website itself, 
  contains a video of buzz aldrin . 
  a quick google search for buzz aldrin, 
  revelas that they either had a very smilar double or the real buzz aldrin for the project .
