  looking back i have no idea how i acquired that many kills ... 
  so why cant you just accept this fact instead of making a qq thread about it ? 
  make a paypal its free . . 
  going along with your association : exactly . 
  since we arent all chemists . 
  get it ? 
  the fuck told you my main is eve ? 
  magic resist bro, 
  dude its the internet , this conversation will only end if one of us decide to gtfo you wont convince me , i wont convince you , so lets end this shall we ? 
  ok let me state my point : you cant do shit against it so accept it, 
  dude you want to prostest over a fucking game , not a country . 
  this is not serious business , we are playing for fun . 
  you may ask riot but protesting is ridiculous, 
  ps : i see you like to write lol . 
  keep on . 
  i like to laugh, 
  so thats how in ends lol . 
  i dont really give a fuck, 
  holy fuck this guy replies everyone about how all the people with opposing opinions abuout how they are wrong . 
  and he writes walls of text about why is he right . 
  lol, 
  you playing low elo i guess . . good solotop wws are not rare in ~ 1200 elo, 
  nope , only direct damage single target spells ( like foxfire ) and autoattack does . 
  malzahar 's autoattack range is pretty good though ( 550 ) so i take the first red for ganks . 
  meh , sheen gives mana and there are many no-mana casters around, 
  there is an item that gives veigar 's passive to any champ, 
  there is an item that gives mundo 's passive to any champ, 
  yup, 
  the same way mtv would be my favourite channel . . nah, 
  i believe yi 's jungle clearing damage is mostly magic ( from his q ) and he is on full hp anyway so no need for lifesteal quints . 
  mundo , however . . hmmm . . depends on build/skill order . 
  i play mundo a lot , but always solotop , and i do n't go the ad way so i can only guess that maxing e + lifesteal could work . 
  true , im 25 but only watched mtv since like 2 years ago and im very disappointed lol . 
  example was a treasure among shit to me xd, 
  why ca n't we have both ? 
  i mean , in one team . 
  you know , the fastest as champ takes bc , ad caster takes lw, 
  hmmm time to try it out lol . 
  any guide out yet ? 
  i mean good ones , not the mobafire quality lol, 
  my point is , if the target 's armor is reduced by 45 then the guy with lw does more damage to it ? 
  ... trundle flair related xd, 
  my build would be merc treads , frozen mallet , atmas , infinity edge , yommuu 's and a black cleaver . 
  hm , i think yi needs the cdr for his ult . 
  oh and forgot its endgame build , i do rush wriggles everytime , i just sell it for a bc or a starks, 
  except if he uses it to bd, 
  mongolia and more doctors : ddddd, 
  thanks for the clarification , my bad . 
  mundo ? 
  eve ? 
  2k here , without dominion and tutorial lol, 
  i love to know these little nuances , but i love to know them from others , thats why i do n't look for them on lol wiki :d, 
  my friend . 
  i played a few games with him soon after i started and they felt like fking pros compared to me . 
  -- now i pwn them when i want :d, 
  fuck some shit up, 
  well i know a few : deny plank mid ... for example, 
  even more funny in aram , buy spell vamp , it actually dealt 1k trua dmg to any minion , thats 250 hp to you :d, 
  lol gives aneurism , not fun . 
  my lane , my kill . 
  1v1 at dragon, 
  yes, 
  its op , stfu, 
  hm , maybe on trynd top ? 
  changing it to true damage would have no effect in early game , but would make it better late game . 
  also make it non-uniq plox :d, 
  well better than 42 magic damage , is n't it ? 
  i think ignite doesnt spell vamp ( but smite does ), 
  and sona !!!!!!!, 
  see what i did there ? 
  i think they only nerfed it because of the early game . 
  btw . 
  42 magic dmg is wit 's end :d i confused the two, 
  yeah forgive me for my prejudice , but that may be the issue . 
  my character 's innate hp regen may be so high that i cant even notice the difference in the hp bar 's movement . 
  ( since when i saw smite works with spellvamp i tested ignite too , but never gained hp . . at least seemingly . ), 
  sonw bunny nidalee , vancouver amumu , team spirit anivia , union jack fiddlesticks , king rammus , all of them are unpurchaseable and probably part of a past sale like this year 's snowdown skins\u00e9 . 
  ( in fact the rammus one is for closed beta players afaik ), 
  i 've seen an old video about baron pusing towers , just dont remember the title . 
  it was about poppy charge being able to move baron , and she pushed it to her own tower lol . 
  ( not possible now ), 
  no , i mean since magic resistance is gained throughout the game , magic damage will be less good . 
  tank mage !, 
  sona armor buff insignificant imo , and if you max heal then you will get ourharassed but im not so pro so its just an opinion, 
  with your attitude you would be the best duo q partner . . you plaing on euw ? 
  ah i see the problem now . 
  come to euw then :d, 
  ( and feel free to add me then xd ), 
  looks more like megaman lol, 
  philo stone . 
  hog on no-mana champs, 
  dunno , but what is false damage ? 
  well if you make it spammable ( mana regen runes ) o you defensive capabilities will be lower so they will focus you ? 
  i remember roflstomping with vlad , and at this time i did nothing more than stacking sunfire capes lol, 
  lol, 
  nice try . 
  gtfo with your scam . 
  same problem , annoying ... 
  baaaaaaaaaaaaaaad advice . 
  start with q,
