  especially red alert 2 and tiberian sun i enjoyed ( and im an aoe2 fan ), 
  so that the depiction is accurate, 
  i did that on tier 7 and the ht-15 on tier 8 , and imo these are the lowest possible tier to do these , ever, 
  well it is writeen with f in many other languages so i guess it can be forgiven for him, 
  a lot of tier 3 tds have 180 mm pen with gold , such as su-76 , valentine at , t82 . 
  it can sneeze and japanese tanks and they jsust explode . 
  true , its 196-mybad, 
  i cut one unleash coz i find it situational , is that bad ? 
  again , great post !, 
  i think it is worth to note that the tier 9 waffle has more dpm than the tier 10 one . 
  well , the challennger has nowhere near the similarity in playstyle to the e25 , mainly due to not having that amazing camo . . 
  a stock is-8 , basically . 
   they go out and do everything they can to farm wn8, 
  ftfy, 
  everyone is `` one of the best '' , if you think about it . 
  still , taking away someone innocent ppls fun just because someone took yours is outrageously egoistic, 
  oh god , sorry bro but that was a very shitty attempt at firing shots at him, 
  true . 
  what i meant is that if you are in control of defining what is best , you can always include yourself or anyone . 
  ( you can always say , lets say top 10k on each server are the best players . 
  then you are going to platoon with someone # 10020 and then this topic goes around and you are somewhat forced to say `` well i guess top 11k is best '' ), 
  it is a well known psychological reaction of the brain , being outplayed hurts so bad the brain overcompensates by ignoring the fact that he was better and simultaneously belittling him , creating a false `` moral high ground '', 
  haha , happened to me once . 
  i was in a t71 - firing silver . 
  that is a problem , honestly . 
  doesnt matter what tank you are in or what tank you kill , tk is tk and should be treated by everyone as such , regardless of tank class . 
  fav : lakeville because i 'm a camo abusing shitlord, 
  least fav : himmelsdorf , for the same reason, 
  cdc gets more credits because it gets to shot tier 10s , but then again you have to hit them . 
  ahaha , oh the irony, 
  i always heal the first one who gets hurt and its mostly the radioman :(, 
  good tanks for beginners are :, 
  - kv-1 is what you want to play first . 
  it is a very good tank ( as in you wont be an armor or gun disadvantage ) and it also teaches you to angle your armor and aim at weak spots . 
  if you are interested it also leads to is-3 and is-7 , one of the best tanks in their tier . 
  generally , russian tanks are good to learn the game on as they rely on simple mechanics and hit hard . 
  by certain type :, 
  artillery : amx 13 f3 - it is a middle ground arty and can be used as credit farmer because shells and repair costs are cheap and you can do damage to any tank you meet . 
  also mentionable is fv304 for fun factor . 
  it aims and shoots very fast ( although it doesnt hit as hard ), 
  tankdestroyer : isu-152 is fun , good to master , or if you dont wan na commit so much , su-100 . 
  every tank in that line is blatanly overpowered ( except the tier 9 and 10 one , they are just ok ) . 
  they dont have much armor , so you got ta learn to hide . 
  stay away from french tank destroyers, 
  medium tank : t-34 is the first true medium tank you should master , it has many drawbacks and during you learn to play it , it will feel as in you pull out power out of nowhere . 
  also the tanks above it are broken as fuck ( except the t43 ) honorable mention are the british meds up until tier 7 , they have a distinct feature which russians dont have much - gun depression . 
  british can poke over ridges without exposing the whole tank which opens up more opportunities . 
  that is a playstyle best introduced to in the comet i think . 
  lights : they have a very distinct and difficult to play role ( from tier 5 and upwards , below tier 5 they are just basically faster meds ) and i wouldnt recommend playing hightier lights as a beginner as they require uderstanding one of the most complex mechanics in the game - spotting . 
  strongly recommend using guides and watching videos and maybe replays before jumping into it . 
  nevertheless , at tier 4 the luchs has similar playstyle to the lower tier pew pew lights while being potent and actually be able to be relevant in higher tier games . 
  m5a1 stuart , chinese light is played differently as the gun is single shot so it kinda prepares you for higher tier play . 
  however , the best ( and probably the most fun ) line to go up is the american line , from tier 5 they start to become powerful and fun to play . 
  in general : first play heavies , begin with kv1 . 
  russians  germans  everything else in terms for being easy to play . 
  stay away from lights , but play everything eventually in order to be able to play against them later . 
  i 'm just a sorta-above-average player so correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  oh and ps . 
  dont buy premiums of any tier that are higher tier than any of the tanks you already player . 
  general rule , best play a same tier same class tank before you buy a premium tank . 
  ( for example before you buy is-6 , you should play is-3 or kv-4 first . ), 
  oh , and another note : there are some lines or certain tanks you wan na stay the fuck away because they will make you rip your hair off . 
  these are :, 
  chinese heavies ( hard to play , advantages are not that obvious but the disadvantages are . ), 
  french tds ( lowtier : shit . 
  higher tier : shit wrapped in paper with a popsicle stisking out ), 
  not on tanks . 
  generally , save as much as you can ), 
  challenger and up : this line has paper armor and underpowered guns . 
  lower tiers are fine , but meh . 
  t57 heavy line : so confusing , playstlye might be similar but you will change crew and tank type every tier . 
  light into med into light into back to med into heavy . . ehhh . 
  better leave it when you are familiar with crew management ), 
  lower tiers are underpowered and higher tiers are frustrating ( but rewarding ) to play . 
  actually , not really , i like to farm wn8 myself . 
  i just dont lie to anyone - i embrace it , i even make jokes about it . 
  you mean it is the best tier 6 arty, 
  yeah and it is/was so easy to abuse anyways . 
  those equipments gave me cancer, 
  dude hes an entitled little shit , better ignore him, 
  miracle rouge also works . 
  i managed to deal 36 damage in one turn by having a 6/3 on board and one in my hand . 
  played one ( battle cry 6 dmg ) and hit face with other : 12 dmg, 
  prep vanish and play them again : 24 dmg, 
  double shadowstep : 36 dmg, 
  math warrior is also fine :d, 
  not sure if intentionally incorrect :d, 
  typical biased cryfaggot , nothing to see here , move on, 
  must be a bug with the now-inbuilt `` last seen on minimap '' function . 
  tank is meh . . 
  i made 12k , umad ? 
  #geldnacht rings a bell ? 
  i 'm just gon na chime in and repeat everyone else who says forget that line and go fo kv-1 instead . 
  you will learn the game much , much easier , in a better tank . 
  boy i have a story for you ... 
  it happened on april 4 exactly one year ago . 
  it was the night before the wgl grand finals . 
  before the stream , maybe even days before , wg tried to hype the stream by announcing that they will hand out codes during the stream , every few games i guess ? 
  so there supposed to be about 25 codes , each being either 700g or 1000g +3 days prem . 
  well those codes leaked the night before the stream .
