  dont count on hull armor anywhere . 
  you are somewhat fast for a heavy so use it more like a med , with some okay turret armor so you can use hulldown in tier 9 games . 
  viewrange is also excellent . 
  if no one scouts . . well . . lets just say sometimes im getting patrol duty on lakeville :d, 
  i hated it because it was nothing like the is-3 , and so i had bad performance in it , but looking back i think it is solid as a niche medium tank . 
  overall . . not so much . 
  gun is very good though . 
  meh , the cupola on t34 is very hard to hit with tanks that are on your tier . 
  especially if you wiggle your turret between shots . 
  meanwhile the whole turret of is6 is a weakspot ... 
  rock , paper , scissors . 
  its 330 m according to wiki . 
  decent for its tier but will get outspotted in tier 4-5 imo, 
  come on . 
  with the exception of is6 vs. t34 missions back then , all your events ( for example on the track wte100 for free dickermax ) were much better . 
  you guys are full of free prems now . 
  you guys got the on track mission for premiums every time , with nice inbetween rewards as well . 
  meanwhile we got 30 % discount and 15 % increased profits on tiers 8-10 on that tank line and thats it . 
  weekend/event specials are usually better on na as well : a lot of low tier premtank sales , eq/consumable sales . 
  better missions too , a typical na weekend special mission is like for a prem day or a gld reward while we got something like `` kill 25 tanks for 60k credits , not repeatable '' kind of shit . 
  also you got skirmishes for tons of gold and we dont . 
  and dont get me started on prem tank bundles/sales ... 
  i 'm not exaggerating btw . 
  ( dont have time to dig up exact values , so i improvised an example , but i hope you get the point ), 
  indeed , all i feel interms of na favor is a little jelly but that doesnt stop me buying stuff anyways . 
  wot    lol for me and that is enough . 
  t40 already got nerfed to 370m a few patches ago, 
  pls no . 
  it is my main credit maker and stat padder tank . 
  ( although 1300 wn8 is easily padded with any tank lol ), 
  no i mean my current wn8 is 1300 so its easy to improve with padding . 
  i average 2300 wn8 on the e25 though . 
  i didnt say play it as a med . 
  i meant somewhat similar to a med . 
  my english is not perfect , i probably used a wrong expression, 
  it once happened to me in siegfried line , i was in an su-100 and everyone was tier 5 . 
  i remember i got ace tanker that game :d, 
  weird , it is showing 400m to me as well . 
  i clearly remember them mentionnin in an ftr post that t40 is going to get nerfed ; looks like it was just a plan ? 
  or they forgot to do it ? -, 
  scroll a bit down and you can find t40, 
  whatever , time to buy t40 i guess . 
  exactly , 3d resolution does nothing in terms of fps . 
  learned that on a 512 mb card ( 4850 ), 
  this includes `` meeting your own tier '' as meeting a tier 8 tank as a tier 8 tank in a t10 game right ? 
  have you ever seen [ j'en ai marre ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=240s04eccc0 ), 
  heh , when she was mainstream for a bit i was so little i didnt know about videoclips ( and we didnt have tv or internet ) . 
  now that i know about the clips i could easily see me getting obsessed . 
  for example https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=240s04eccc0, 
  i 'm at 18kthough, 
  since it 's a slideshow , for maximum pun you should have included a tiger 2 in the last slide :d, 
  what do you consider as `` cw viable '' ? 
  i looked at many clans requirements and some tanks can be a must in one clan it might be laughing stock at the other . 
  oh , i 'm on eu , i just thought i ask this question because it seems legit, 
  / u/me0fcourse with arty as usual :d, 
  i can sense the sarcasm lol, 
  yeah , but you cant not go to liquicity . . its kind of all over youtube, 
  turret roof is pennable by literally anything it meets ( given the right angle ) . 
  could use a buff imo, 
  tog has some hidden strengths , for example in a t6 battle it can reverse sidescrape because of the long tank = good angle to bounce, 
  edit : found a video http://youtu.be/rxso97jq0y0?t=1m40s, 
  looks like a t-34 hull with an m4 turret . 
  we got 2 fire alarms here in hungary , per day . 
  i just get used to it . 
  occasionally whine about it on facebook . 
  spam it . 
  spam it hard . 
  then bathe in credits . 
  the only thing money is going to buy you this game , is time . 
  premium account for 33 % less grind to have the same tank , premium tanks to have more credits easier to buy a tank . 
  everything else is purchasable by credits . 
  tazilon seems to have an insane amount of dedication towards this tank , you should check out his youtube channel, 
  edit : its down :( also his site, 
  tazilon is not really famous for his logic ... he drives the 2801 after all, 
  yeah nope . 
  you can also skip stock tanks by accumulating free xp , and gold doesnt just buy you free xp anyways , you got ta play tanks ( although prem tanks can also accumulate convertible free xp ) . 
  also you can buy prem ammo from credits . 
  while i do n't deny that gold does buy you marginal advantages , they all derive from the prem time more xp , or the free xp conversion which has also non-gold alternatives ( ie , play a non-prem tank so much you accumulate enough free xp you dont even have to convert ), 
  so , all in all , nope , gold does not buy you any translatable-to-winrate advantages . 
  if you want to have unicum winrate you can have it without gold . 
  that said , gold goes ease up some grinds , i only used it once ( converted enough free xp to research is-7 from is-8 because after 100something games i got fed up ) , but that is all . 
  for me , gold is prem tanks , which are different , and fun . 
  i tried goldspamming too , didnt help my winrate ( i ran an experiment with e-25 and old t49 , only gold for 100 games each then only non-gold for 100 games each , and the winrate and wn8 differences were marginal . 
  although i only have this anecdotal evidence , i know some tanks lke b2 rely on goldspam to be able to pen several tanks ), 
  i think you are looking at na version . 
  rddt1 eu has lots of active members, 
  i have similar problem to op , thanks for the insight . 
  i would be more interested in what decks are viable ( with what cards ) for `` farming wins for gold quests '' without legendaries/epics . 
  can math warrior do it ? 
  iirc its only legendary is grom, 
  i saw the word `` kneejerk '' being used . 
  i would argue its top clan , its too young yet to determine imo , but for a fact its full of unicums ( what a surprise ) so in terms of player strength it definitely is the top . . 
  oh , thanks , looks like i misunderstood something . 
  i remember shooting it with wte100 apcr . . didnt go well, 
  ye i was bored , and i was like , lets waste all my credits, 
  up the irons !, 
  yeah it all depends on what tank roles you like and what crew you have etc. 
  for example i average about 40k per game profit recently in my e-25 which is the highest amount , beating my jt88 and is6 - that doesnt mean i suck on those tanks , just more consistent in e-25 . 
  it is less consistent though .
