  i have one too , i bought it and i enjoy raping kv1s with it and it doesnt feel forced . 
  this must be some model ... 
   263 tips, 
  damn i expected a long list ... 
  if i plan on using the computer excessively ( 12 + hours a day , mostly gaming , for years ) what part of a regular build changes compared to an usual pc ? 
  anywhere, 
  enemy shoots he at you ? 
  good , less damage . 
  your teammates shoot he at enemy ? 
  good , more damage left to be done for you . 
  win-win . 
  isu stock gun is a bit shit against tier 10 if you dont have the gold , dont you think, 
  not really because using stock gun in object 704 means either that you grinded 160k + with the stock isu neglecting bl10 , or just didnt put bl10 up which also maes no sense . 
  if there is a better , easier option then it makes no sense not using it . 
  ( for me , bl10 is the `` second stock '' gun on 704 , although it is technically possible to play 704 without bl10 it makes absolutely no sense ), 
  i dunno , i toon with tier 5s in my pz1c and scout in t7 games no problem . 
  if this is na only . . im officially losing faith it wgeu ( after they gave us a spershing instead of a t34 ... ), 
  no , chances are their messages will lost in the `` hai dyrus what the best adc '' kind of shit, 
  iwould add that it is maybe easier to understand if you identify the main drive behind it , or at least pretend you have a clue about it . 
  i like to think that the poor people make themselves verbally superior because they are inferior , they didnt managed something that you or your father could . 
  meaning this method they do is a mind 's natural self defense move . 
  if they wouldnt do that , they would feel like shit for being unable to get this much money . 
  so you can just shrug it off as a sign of emotional unintelligence . . a strong mind would withstand , or dont even feel the bad feeling . 
  but thats just my opinion, 
  high prices . . 
  no its bullshit , the poor is poor because they arent good enough to understand how the rich fucks them . 
  thay arent willful enough either , to change . 
  if you are poor and angry at the rich , you better not still eat the shit they give you . 
  man i wan na see someone with a wn8 of 1, 
  hah , your opinion is right at the very bottom at my `` care '' list . 
  the downvotes are real though . 
  at 33 atm, 
  yeah but way worse pace than this mm . 
  no , wg 's current mm is fine . 
  yes they do . 
  stop arguing against the only side you dont like . 
  you want skill based mm , so your brain only processes proof helping your cause . 
  you just went full retard, 
  you all should stop caring about them and abuse them . 
  on both teams . 
  sometimes your teammates only purpose is to give you a protable hulldown ... 
  what comeback ? 
  this is not an argument, 
  i couldt explain my point , but you arent going to take it anyways , so why bother ? 
  i did have to express my frustration about your retardation though . 
  thanks, 
  these `` rare '' tanks , albeit somewhat good , but nowhere close to the usefulness , both in battle and credit making than a tier 8 premium like is6 , kv5 , jagdtiger 8.8 and t34 . 
  although the pz . 
  b2 with lots of gold loaded , is a pretty good sealclubber . . 
  and still 3shotting tanks during the stun . 
  yes she had a stun, 
   i can name hundreds of dj 's that are doing extremely complex things on the decks, 
  so , 12 prem days ... gg , eu had the inferior missions again, 
  it was a typo , corrected already, 
  its a cool-headed i think, 
  neither . 
  use optics, 
  just like literally everyone else did ... 
  if i were in that jagdpanther i would be sooo excited that i can only shoot top tiers for more xp !, 
  think of all the halonen possibilities ... 
  ( reminds me of a same kind of game where i was the only t4 in a t6-packed game in my ch-he , ended up getting a nochols medal , 
  i disagree , since i use my e25 as a sniper i average 1.6 k + damage per battle . 
  it takes skill i think , to determine where you can snipe from , but it is definitely possible on most maps . 
  and the lack of pen is a myth . 
  if you are hitting and not penning in e25 you are doing it wrong . 
  change your position or hit the weakspot . . 
  you can pen is3 from the front , what else you want ? 
  in other news , another `` im swedish and i want swedish tanks '' post on ftr, 
  alternatively he can join a social clan like rddt ( whatever number ) . 
  it can help platooning with people having 10 % wr over you :d, 
  at least thats how i got most of my knowledge from . 
  also , preserve your hp and use it to brawl only at the endgame . 
  would rather not , soory :d, 
  the spot xp you get depends on who did the damage . 
  an elc and a wz gets the same xp if both the tank that shoots and the tank that dies , are the same on both cases . 
  its only faster xp if you do damage , in that case you will need pen which is dependent on tank . 
  some tanks like t21 not really good to farm damage , while others like the 1390 or afkpanther ( with gold ammo in waffe ) can, 
  not so hard with all the bots dragging the avg down , no offense, 
  my pleasure, 
  i think they pick on you more likely because of your ignorance, 
  yeah lets make that gun historical . . it had a 10 ammo autoloader . . 
  that this game is a perfect balance between arena rpg and shooter games . 
  development and aiming , i like it, 
  missed me ? 
  the gun existed , it was just they only proposed it to mount on an e100 chassis but never did it . 
  not even slightly mad :d, 
  and the russians, 
  ahaha you are so fucknig retarded, 
  stock hellcat with gold is fine , has same dpm as top gun . 
  could work instead of a t32 . 
  also is-2 on the chinese ( 100mm gun , same as the t-34-1 's top gun ) . 
  uk could do with crusader sp i guess . . about the japs , no idea . 
  how much cpu does is use compared to ts3 ? 
  if you get mad over something like this prepare to get noing out of your thread . 
  reddit is sensitive . 
  you went full retard ... 
  you werent enough exaggerating for everyone to realize its a joke i think . 
  but nice try . 
  i see what you did there ... 
  whoa ...
