  oops, 
  umm i dont want to be a dick or something but a direct link would attract more wievers , just saying, 
  cute and epic . 
  100 % win, 
  and what server ? 
  lol, 
  in their profile page , under `` ranked stats '', 
  hmm i think you are seeking http://leagueofstats.com/ but its not very accurate . 
  often shows not real ( old ) data . 
  shits on every single ap imo, 
  really out ranges q procs too ? 
  dont think so ... 
  and everyone takes taunt on level 1 huh ? 
  sure, 
  listen to this guy , hes um . . high elo you know, 
  umm they have more range , for sure , but passive + boots start makes it easy to dodge their skillshots as well , i think, 
  support anivia also works imo . 
  shurelyas no , randuins yes , hextech no . 
  biggest fail is zhonyas , every time i buy it i forgot to use . 
  i tend to buy frozen heart instead , only because of that lol, 
  also , tp bot , press e , receive double kill, 
  or , you know , get ghost as summoner spell ... 
  i know right ? 
  stop abusing the psa tag, 
  # 4 has been fixed, 
  p stands for public for a reason and you only wrote this to tsm so gtfo . 
  my funniest moment i experienced was when i was with support soraka . 
  i was just minding my own business , when at about 1:30 to the game , i realized my rc mouse bugged out or something . 
  i could click but cant move my mouse . 
  great . 
  with the arrow keys and mouseclicks i ran to tower . 
  then i woke up from the chair , and ran to the other room to dig up my older mouse . 
  turns out when i was afk there was a minor blackout and my computer reseted . 
  i was quickly restarting lol ( windows loaded already ) while plugging in my mouse . 
  i hit the reconnect button and it loaded very fast . . and when it finally got back in the game , the most hilarious moment ever happened and i couldnt see it . 
  what i saw :, 
  i 'm level 2 , with 5 health , still under the tower . 
  there was a 2-3 second delay until i realized i have double buff ... let 's look at the chat . . 
  `` hok wakka has scored a double kill ! '', 
  and i was like wtf lololololololololol !!!!! 4444four !, 
  ** tl ; dr : i got a double kill and double buff with soraka autoattacks when my lol client was n't even running **, 
  report karthus for ks !!!!!!, 
  ! 444 how many times i got rage like that :d, 
  zoo fight, 
  players must choose champions that look like or are animals . 
  anivia , volibear , renekton , cassiopeia etc. 
  great idea , though i smell a lot of ryzes mid instead to hold place for 6.3 k jungler/riven top, 
  that made me laugh :d, 
  master yi on ban list finally :d, 
  or 5 ad vs rammus ? 
  for me its warwick ulti . 
  we already got trynd so its nothing new, 
  and lee/gp/riven are not fucking carries, 
  wow , serious tunnel vision here, 
  yeah , early game i use it as a lasthit tool , calculating damage etc. 
  if that guy has 10 hp left after it , i can q him anyway . 
  but mid-late game it feels like : `` bwahahaharrrgh dieeeeee !!!!, 
  ! 4444fourfourfour !, 
  korean client ? 
  just pick some killer champ , normals are for fun and they work without support ... 
  interesting read !, 
  nope , mathematically the best late game damage is with twitch . 
  did it, 
  sigh . 
  nunu + mejais = bots are fucked imo . 
  actually any champ is okay if you rush snowball items ... 
  i 've seen malphite bot going godlike though , and as malz i couldnt do jack shit lol . 
  just altered my build to get void staff and cdr boots :d, 
  with the right runes , it wasnt torture imo, 
  i think he should get an early tear instead , the rabadons-void-rylais-zhonyas lie liquid builds here :, 
  i love heimer and since i 'm using this build i improved a lot :d, 
  yes it is but who cares , link plox :d, 
  come on man , if you are on the skill level ( i mean normal elo ) where brands dont go mid you can go mid with any char . . and you have chances . 
  there was one game in ~ 1300 elo ranked when my team got stomped my solomid evelynn , and he was against a cassio ... 
  gangplank disapproves !, 
  herp derp imma comment more just to see if you have a witty comeback, 
  in terms of popularity , hotshotgg , dyrus and guardsman bob are the 3 most important i would include . 
  note : it only includes how many people know them . 
  other i would include : froggen , scarra , saintvicious , reginald/chaox, 
  jungle twitch . 
  those level 2 ganks o.o, 
  and nunu , in general . 
  wait the threater was not the fiddle wtf, 
  fuck you djuzuh just fuck you, 
  ... yes . 
  exactly . 
  yeah sorry i totally forgot these two :(, 
  rule number one , dont accept random firend invites , 
  oh well , glad you handle it that way . 
  just worried about that it may hurt you . . 
  i got threats in the past and while i knew they were futile they made me feel more depressed . . just wanted to make sure you dont make the same mistake . 
  i love you for this reference :d, 
  never . 
  lol, 
  im oversensitive , thats all . 
  `` riot is retarded '', 
  stopped reading there . . man . . rethink your attitude, 
  kennen !, 
  you might want to check out http://www.reddit.com/r/teamredditteams, 
  people usually seek duo q partners here,
