  eh , probably wont install any of those cheats as it would ruin the fun for me , but it is fun to think about what kind of shit you could pull off with those mods . 
  just imagine a kv-1 with the 85mm he spamming all across the map every 4 seconds for 280 dmg lol, 
  yeah but who cares about shell drop if i can hit from one fucking kilometer with a kv-1, 
  aww :(, 
  you mean test server ? 
  althought prolly not coz it wasnt like that on the test server, 
  face it , irl mixet tank crews just wouldnt work . 
  no matter how ugly the chick is , long months of war can bring out the animal form you . . ahem, 
  oh , figures , only tried it at the first time , sorry for misinformation . 
  not, 
  all i implied is that the feelings of the crew would affect the combat effectiveness bigtime, 
  addicted as fuck . 
  i have money in the game , although most of it is prem days as i mostly got all my tanks as mission rewards or gifts . 
  meanwhile the chinese stu gets an excellent 57 mm . . balance, 
  not like toxicity is absent here in this subreddit, 
  t95 needs an armor buff kappa, 
  top needs more like 150 mm . 
  i usually pen engine deck with arty, 
  you also have to have no modules or cew damaged at the end of the match . 
  perhaps you had a damaged ( not destroyed ) track or something . 
  for this mission i recommend big repair pack + big fa-kit and only use it at the end of the game . 
  deadeye ? 
  big repair kit ftw, 
  i like sabaton , especially this song but i think it is better suited for my favourite tank the e-25 , that thank is `` ghost '' enough imo, 
  hehe i exceeded 4k dmg in my e25 a few times but no way i will try to do that mission with it, 
  i got mine in the superpershing . 
  i set fire to one of the enemy spershings , 
  in short : no, 
  long : nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo . 
  the only time limit is what you make yourself . 
  for example i wan na get those tanks before everyone else does , 
  spam gold in it for double the pen lol, 
  oh shit yes the e50 makes up for it-big time, 
  yeah i smell bs there, 
  the gun handling characteristics are waaaaay better on the pak40 . 
  also . 
  province . 
  right i 'll try there , thanks . 
  ign : wakkaxd, 
  about me : i got the game in beta as a present and played with it a couple of times but always got bored solo . 
  usually i play mc before it 's chill , no stress , so i like to build . . whatever . 
  i like organized builds like cities or big buildings . 
  i dont have any money to spend on servers right now . 
  i remember a few years back i played with a friend by direct connect , is that possible if we are playing 2-3 ppl anyways ? 
  technically its in the game already, 
  you could only use it on maps with railway tracks like ensk , prokhorovka etc. 
  lol, 
  all has to be spgs but doesnt have to be same tier, 
  playing against mage , you got an unstable portal from cho, 
  i was full speed down hill , he was reloading and tried to juke past me . 
  rammed him for all his hp . 
  i could have in this game . 
  the last kill was an ammorack right after a friendly tiger snuck a shot in . 
  right after that i had a 3800 dmg game in the 122-44 . . also these are my highest tier tds , and i would rather try har do to 4k dmg in them to grind money for my waffle . 
   whoa !, 
  everybody in this thread is sooo freaking skilled, 
  including you it seems, 
  le+ms -- fuck that shit, 
  is there an offline portion ? 
  lol, 
  woosh . 
  i got yolo rushed by a waffle today in my 1375 , who killed me then died , after 2 minutes into the game . 
  `` for mission '' , he said . 
  well done waffle , great contribution ... 
  they are somewhat more difficult , and tier 4 tanks arent eligible anymore for the t28 concept missions . 
  also fuel is free if you have a fucking tiger tank, 
  several things in the game arent the same as it was 1 year ago . 
  destructible cover can be fired through with ap or apcr , with a small pen loss . 
  there are more oneshotting capabilities since every potato has a fv215b 183 and a wtf e100 , and also not so long ago the fv4005 was introduced which is basically a naked fv215b 183 . 
  ( with gun that can oneshot many tanks ), 
  camo mechanics were changed slightly as well : tds lose the class camo bonus ( 40 % ) when firing . 
  generally , not many tds can get away with firing from a bush and not get spotted . 
  also there is a mod widely known now , which gives sniper mode for arty ( http://pkwot.blogspot.hu/2014/12/95-battle-assistant-arty-camera.html ) so they can hit that little part of your tank that stick out of cover just a bit . 
  for example if you want an e-100 crew you can train the females for the vk 30.01 h ( which you can grind in no time since its tier 5 ) and when you do want to grind the e100 , now you have a crew to do so . 
  they dont lose much xp ( 10 % ) if you retrain them for credits to another heavy . 
  also if you complete the mission there is no automatical crew member , you have to claim it . 
  so it is possible to do the missions but not claim the rewards , and if you have the tank ready , just go back to the missions tab and claim all the crew members you want . 
  for now there is an unlimited time to complete the missions and claim the rewards so you have all the time in the world to do what you want with them . 
  edit : keep in mind that if you do every mission you get 5 crew members ; that is 5x4 = 20 crew members if you complete the object 260 missions as well ( they are hard ! ), 
  so plan accordingly . 
  for me , i personally train the first 5 for the vk 3601 which i unlocked , and i will probably grind the e-100 with them , then unlock another crew member with completin a t28 concept mission and train it for the e-100 so i can have a 6th member in it . 
  ( then i will have 4 crew members remaining ffrom the t28 mission but plenty of tier 10s are out there with 4-man ( excuse me , 4-woman ) crew . ), 
  basically , plan ahead carefully with the allocation of crew , almost every single tank line has differences in number of crew members on the way to tier 10 . 
  yeah , what i meant is that now they have a chance to do that . 
  bad wording on my part , sorry . 
   old evelynn, 
  how old ? 
  triforce yommuu old , dfg raba old , sotel+bork old . . or ? 
  that is the pz . 
  ii g , not the pz . 
  more like fapcabs, 
  confirmed , that is the way i did it . 
  in the ingame onfo panel of the borsig it says it is built on a hetzer chassis which we all know is a pz . 
  lets be honest . 
  you want a leo with an autoloader . 
  thats not the problem , its the complete shitstorm in game it causes . 
  yolo runs everywhere, 
  tier 4 french arty has 223 apcr as gold ammo , fun shit . 
  i also shoot prem ap sometimes from my sexton 1 , to be able to pen kv1s . 
  some lowtier arties have enough accuracy for ap i guess .
