  bass : yorick, 
  yep , the drummer remains . 
  that means we need some champ with weapons resebling drumsticks . 
  i 'd settle for akali but olaf is good candidate :d, 
  captain planet anyone ? 
  holy shit man , what can i say ? 
  respect , you did what you needed to be done , and ... huh . . better luck in the future !, 
  fire !, 
  viktor is not too unique lol . 
  and please , dont count champs that doesnt fit in the meta or underpowered . . dont count them as additions to the game . . because they are not . 
  no one plays them . 
  or else , we could say `` eve so unique stealth slow , q spam herp derp '', 
  yeah i know , rework and stuff . 
  but really , it wont be the same then , 
  ( old eve < 33333333333333333333 ), 
  stream plox , i wan na learn :d, 
  fuck , i was expecting `` water ! '', 
  mord is guitar , synth is sona , singer is karthus , and bass is yorik . 
  formatting fail, 
  i agree with you in everything except that eve and tristana is tier 4 . 
  eve can wreck faces more often than in sr and ... 
  played 15 games with ap trist in dominion and still havent lost a single one lol maybe its the build for her in dom ? 
  o : o, 
  well if i recall correctly tsm did yorik zilean vayne combo once in a tourney lol . 
  got the idea from there :d, 
  you are doing it wrong . 
  go ad/hybrid , that way you can afford 2 defensive items . 
  boots triforce ga is core , the remaining 3 items can be 2 offensive 1 defensive , like yoyos-ie-banshee or gunblade-rageblade-banshee, 
  or , lately i 've been experimenting with manamune-archangels-rabadon and forzen heart instead of ga , and it rocks . 
  this way you are tankier . 
  oracle ? 
  so what ? 
  you can still slow people and disch out damage . 
  late game eve is not a carry , she 's best played offtank imo . 
  and he is the fastest champ to stack manamune with . 
  riven is not the counter to gp , its the opposite lol, 
  yep , but ap eve is a glass cannon , and with oracles you willbe 1shoted by anyone before you do anything , thats why you need to buy defensive items . 
  and if you buy defense you cant really go ap since ad ites on eve is more cost effective in terms of damage , especially sustained damage . 
  me neither lol, 
  i guess we got more cc in team comps recently and that makes her more viable - with more cc she will have more chances to survive , or do that damage she can . 
  i wan na try yorik shaco ... enemy will be fucking confused for sure , lol, 
  yeah , cds are not too nice , my usual ap trist dom build goes like this :, 
  cdr boot + morellos, 
  game is over at this point , but if i have place : dfg + defensive item according to enemies ( banshee , ga ), 
  '' i think i know where this is going '', 
  yep . 
  i 'm on euw an plox . . gim me dat skin < 3, 
  watch guardsman bob stream :d, 
  well your last statements ais not really true . 
  dan dinh plays heimer often in tornaments , and mundo with rylais ... doesnt need a gap closer :d, 
   some never get in free rotation, 
  * khm khm * yup . 
  what , they misspelled trondomere !, 
  empireeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  sorry , had to do it :d, 
  i 'd go for hp regen runes and regrowh pendants for sustain , then after level 6 its all ok :d, 
  roflstomp fest ... im amazed, 
  i hate tribunal . 
  mindgames like these should be a part of the arsenal one makes . 
  it 's like casual chess . 
  `` how are you going to defend that bishop now huh ? '', 
  and no probs with that . 
  moderation has gone too far . . and allowing other players ( who are as adept as reported ones !! ), 
  vote ppl to ban is ridiculous . 
  i 's like having a referendum each time someone has a lawsuit . 
  like the middle ages , really . 
  there are some good bans , i mean the trol\u00e9s get reported for sure , but i think thats the minority of bans ... 
  . . thats nothing to do with my 4day ban recently . 
  i deserved it and i learned from the case ... 
  i have 1 wins each with shyvana , blizcrank and annie . 
  had a 7-0 with heimer , 8-0 with shen and 9-0 with graves , these sprees ended sadly . 
  my best is still graves , with 30-17 ( 63.8 % ), 
  and i have 20-37 with my main xd, 
  bad . 
  it has critical strike , mana , who the hell needs them ? 
  better go mallet atmas . 
  that way you get critica strike too , but its waaaayyyyyyy more cost effective than triforce , in terms of both damage and survivability . 
  love the r button pictured :d, 
  why dont you photoshop out the lines if you accidentally only found lined paper at home :d, 
  supporter : okay do it 1v2 ... not so trollface now huh ? 
  the trolls, 
  thats why i take carries as support . 
  lux , gp for example, 
  i already play sona like this , after i got tear :d, 
  yup . 
  with m5 winning by a backdoor . 
  but really ? 
  i wan na see evelynn played xd, 
  i dont pick irelia vs rumble/swain/vlad / kennen . 
  who is this gorgerous lady ? 
  wow ty for the tip , im gon na master him, 
  gibe money please, 
  he wasnt against chaox xd, 
  or maybe the pressure made them cant be able to control their emotions . . you know . . and then omg we lose omg omg no proze money omg omg lets just flash there, 
  they deserve it lol, 
  you didnt answer the question !, 
  stay in bush, 
  wait until someone comes, 
  shiftt + qwer, 
  bit old though,
