  i also had it with karma , beat that . 
  no , my eve < 3, 
  so now they are cumshrooms , my god the horror, 
  inb4 dyrus comments on this thread explaining why he was `` tired '', 
  gp is mad strong at this moment already . 
  sheen + brutalizer rapes any soloq midlaner ... 
  lol no . 
  might have misunderstood me , i run 25 armor pen toplane and 10 armorpen + ad midlane . 
  by the time i get sheen + brut i got about 80-85 base ad and about the same bonus , but what 1260 gold gives me 80 ad lol . 
  also 19/11 build so i need that mana . 
  that is the way i play gp . 
  also , after sheen i can diveerse my build . 
  i play solo q , sometimes all i need is to stack crit and rape the enemy carry . 
  i won games going pd pd ie bt and 2 tiamats . 
  then again , its my elo . 
  but my elo is like 70 % of the playerbase . 
  actually no , at my elo ganks are way more frequent . 
  wooooooooooooooooooooooooosh, 
  hehe , i was intentional , judging by my `` first impression '' i knew you deserve * and * apprecitate things like that , 
  edit : for the love of god please dont take that as flirting lol, 
  dont worry this will get downvoted to oblivion soon . . 
  you realize you deserved it ( most likely ? ), 
  if you deserve to get banned , a little bit of elo loss is just a little nothing . 
  live with it . 
  no , but i dont deserve ppl like him as a teammate either . 
  and when i do get them i dont complain , next time they are on the other team . 
  easy as that, 
  probably replied to another comment by mistake, 
  in fact make it legendary so we can donate moar !, 
  confirmed , normal autoattack with twitch doesnt work - although his ult makes ionic spark proc every hit . 
  source : tested in custom, 
  basically it 's 100 free magic damage every attack under ulti . 
  ad rat scales well with as . 
  however the new statikk shiv may be very useful on him . 
  pick nautilus in jungle and leona as support and yi is completely useless . 
  more like he exactly knows what he talks about and uses that to manipulate a lot of people . 
  hahha i see what you did there !, 
  im so jelly . . 
  source : 3k games at 1100 elo, 
  after reset i played about 70 games , in the 1200-1300 range . 
  somehow i just cant jump out lol . 
  i remember when i reached 1320 pretty fast then winning a game then losing the other ( feeder , troll , afk , sometimes my own fault , you know , the usual ) for about 20 games straight . 
  then i tilted a bit and at 1200 again atm . 
  i fucking hate that every single fucking shyvana video has this fucking overused shit . 
  people lack creativity nowadays ? 
  because q particle traves slower , i guess, 
  i hope i wont get you on my team in soloq , lol, 
  they got the idea from another video and dot want to improve it . 
  the time spent on the internet doesnt matter , it stopped being funny after the third one . . just like the arrow to the knee jokes . . 
  40 % cdr makes you maintain 3 voidlings at a time , as long as you have the mana to cast them spells . 
  however it is highly unlinkely to do so , except in teamfights . 
  in lane , it is better ( imo ) to hold the stacks so that your next spell creates a voidling and harass with autos instead ( ad malz wants to go toplane anyways , as he counters melee bruisers : if the said bruiser wants to go in , malz casts q , voidling comes out and bruiser is limited to aa 's , then ew and autos burst with the voidlings aa much harder than anyone would expect . 
  i 'd say he works like a hybrid between yorick and urgot , two really annoning toplane champs, 
  yup, 
  more like silence - pool - aids - bleeeeaargh but its all in a 1.5 yec rotation so doesnt really matter . 
  reminds me of audrey hepburn/tautou, 
  i dont really pick ignite . 
  only to reduce heal vs certain heroes ( swaim for example ) , i think malzahar 's damage is decent without the burst . 
  and ulti is outside ignites range too . 
  a bit awkward when you accidentally disable it . 
  i think the only thing setting me back , is that i 'm an `` addict '' and also have concentration problems so i play sometimes even when i 'm in a condition that you would call `` brain afk '' . 
  so i guess i got ta put myself into condition first . 
  i certainly hope it wont . 
  why 42 ? 
  it 's a bit awkward but i play malz at toplane as well , against hard sustain i need the ignite , but on mid there is not so many fotm sustain heroes early that need the ignite to burst down , 
  i imagine at higher elo people usually build more tanky mids and genereally counterplay better so i would bring ignite too . 
  but in my elo people maybe build abyssal and some flat mr runes and thats that :d, 
  edit : gonig heavy mr wouldnt help against malz anyway , ` coz then i would just go ad but thats me, 
  please xpost it to / r/leagueoflegends, 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  six times seven you mean ? 
  six times nine is 54, 
  anyone remembers another epic ending featuring diana ? 
  coincidence it was against clg.eu too , and it also involved a diana ( voyboy ), 
  edit : nop , it was against sk , sorry . 
  . . cool story bro . 
  yep , i derped , sorry, 
  just like clg.na got korea 'd ? 
  i dont care . 
  if i get banned , might as well point out that your skills are inferior, 
  i think i felt something in my . . you know . . eh . . i fapped, 
  how am i supposed to like it when they dont scream ? 
  can i ask you to go fuck yourself pls, 
  or playing eve, 
  . . before remake . 
  yeah, 
  dundudundudun tananaaa the ace of spaddes, 
  voidlings scale with your ad and arpen ( and they get massive buffs with time . . 200 % as is fucking great ) so basically you want these , plus cdr to spam voidlings , mana , and tankiness to stay alive . 
  so basically an urgot-like build wors out , adding in some items like gunblade or triforce which just doesnt work on urgot . 
  my build would be : boots , tear , brutalizer , ionian , frozen heart , negatron or hexdrinker , last whisper , banshee or maw . 
  later maybe adding a bt for damage , or ga. 
  i think this build works . 
  nowadays i 'm experimenting with adding an early mallet to give more utility . 
  maybe i can rush it after bruta , the slow works great when the voidlings are chasing a fleeing enemy . 
  probably i can get away with cdr/lvl blues and ( quints ? ), 
  so i dont need that much cdr . 
  sadly i dont have much opportunity to test because ppl flame even in normals . 
  jeez you farming downvotes even harder than me . 
  lol, 
  gangplank . . nevermind,
