  not even the right continent man, 
   evelynn is viable , only against complete retards, 
  see that is my point . 
  viable . 
  against 95 % of the playerbase, 
  stated somewhere else in this threatd , but i agree with that : 8 slots will et everyone buy more wards and dorans , making the lane phase/early game longer , more passive ( as you wont be able to kill a leblanc with 5 dorans by the time she buys it ) , and build more situational , making them even harder to kill or even get them out of the lane . 
  result : longer games overall imo, 
  eh , you cant get next to a malz because of the zoning nature of q, 
  ahri leading with 430 votes , not surprised, 
  maybe on ezreal being in top 5 o.o, 
  butbubut 110 votes on eve !, 
  `` in love '' and `` sexually obsessed '' are two different things ... 
  * insert oracle joke here *, 
  wards ... wards everywhere, 
  lol nope , eve and twitch also can . 
  i can also recall invisible , can teemo do that ? 
  ... suck it tribunal !, 
  my liver is ready to be sold, 
  skarner , jarvan , i jsut dont get both of them ... o.o, 
  and swain , this guy has hidden damage somewhere i cant dig up . . 
  tesla coil ( aka deathray ) kennen, 
  that being said , i dont play eve for the skillset if you know what i mean ... 
  very nice ideas . 
  i would expect annie as virgo but lux is k. 
  noooooo what will happen with my ad taric top ? 
  tibbers too , i love trolling my annies who want to move their pet , 
  no , its 's treated as a minion , like tibbers . 
  wards doesnt block skillshots - . -, 
  nid trap only working on champs . 
  wow . . how fucking original !, 
  you would be too ... in my shoes, 
  edit : people below me ... go fuck yourself, 
  they were fixed . 
  damn i must have mixed up something in my meomry , lol, 
  [ ca n't stop the rock ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw7xg2lxkbk ), 
  where do you see lol and/or you in 10 years ? 
  my bad , havent played nid for a long time and the last nid memory i recall is clg 's trap spam at level 1 with cait nid poke comp , somehow i confused them, 
  1k elo is enough . 
  my record is 9 straight wins on ~ 1200 elo level , i worked hard on it tho ( like i mean i itemized smart etc ), 
  with the first bunch . 
  i got it 1 year earlier though , my first skin < 3333333, 
  and a shit ton of flash ghost , and flash exh on carries, 
  u mean millions, 
  too bad the word will end on patch day :d, 
  on eve ? 
  it is . 
  i mean , since no one can play her/no good guides out there , you got ta figure it out yourself . 
  it is kinda lame, 
  roam eve . 
  flash ignite , gank mid level 1 . 
  if i do it correctly , after the enemy jungler finishes first clear all three lanes are already terrorized . 
  can build a variety of items , ap or ad idc . 
  and i love to play her . 
  it 's just the character i feel most comfortable and confident with , so i can do more crazy things and still come out ahead . 
  my tool . 
  my weapon . 
  my love . < 3, 
  or any champ with sustain or dash lol, 
  on a side note i rape irelias early game with eve , but yeah , no one believes it, 
  never played vs mord ? 
  try laning with taric , stun + shatter when no minions between you and the enemy , you throw 1 boomerang and holy shit where did my health go, 
  i know , but what i use sion for , kinda conficts with this tactic . 
  i think what sion can be used for , is to push the lane hard , then steal wraiths , then go push again , then gank gank gank !, 
  gank often and gank hard . 
  farm farm farm . 
  if i let mord push i feel like i lose gank opportunities while he can roam a bit better because of he pushes . 
  so even if you win lane . . the game in whole , can be lost . 
  it 's ok if you can deny mord the extra cs he would gain from the push + wraith advantage , but overall i think morde just counters sion and roams better . 
  edit : u max shield right ? 
  yep , some ap mages or kity champs ( gp ? ), 
  can beat her too, 
  trading hard early , hp + armor runes , mana yellows . 
  if she comes close , e+q spam . 
  cloth start . 
  and utilize passive by trading agressively . 
  irelia will soon learn that she cant come to my minions and i can come to hers ( passive gives lane advantage lol ) . 
  too bad irelia outscales eve hard if they just farm and dont snowball . 
  i 'd say somewhere around level 7-9 irelia has rape-advantage . 
  eve can kill very early though , and after sheen even more . 
  you got ta be very agressive and punish . 
  or , wear some sadomazo and summon dildos !, 
  i have 2 figurines already . . eve and twitch, 
  pantheon . 
  game-turning ults and general manmode all game if played right . 
  besides i hate watching people playing eve . 
  it 's kind of hurting my eyes to see how shitty their play is ( because , honestly , she is hard to play ) . 
  ony good eve is saw is crumbzz, 
  too much filters . . 
  http://www.lolking.net/models/?champion=23&amp;skin=4 kinda bugged trynd , 
  had to lower my karma a bit so ppl wont complain to me all day about how big karmawhore i am :d, 
  that is the whole point, 
  oh god what an original joke , let me upvote you real quick ... 
  his new channel got 9k + subscribers with 0 video on it ... 
  i 'm impressed, 
  yes , very much . 
  i actually have a muscular disorder which causes my muscles do random spastic movements in extreme situations ( like when my stress is high or i 'm surprised or fear ) and i almost fell off my chair - . -, 
  his stream is down atm , did he get out of 1400s ? 
  lol, 
  that would make it a core item i guess :d, 
  my favourite champion is eve , because i have an affinity for weak things , to make them better .
