   she 's viable in more positions than you think, 
  well if you can use it . . 
  i use her at solotop , mid , etc. 
  if the situation calls for it . 
  i 'm just saying roaming is best . 
  exactly , this is why ap gangplank doesnt work . 
  he does as much damage late game as a crit plank plus he has dfg as a nuke plus way better heal and a way better ult . 
  he just have to be afk farming for 40 minutes . 
  i already had a bt in my build . . 
  me too , but revive smite jungle hybrid carry assasin eve ( ala sorakabot ) was more fun for me :d, 
  difference is , all that dyrus did was just to buy 13 pots , he didnt capitalize on building tankiness/masteries etc like siv did with garen . 
  `` you a stupid hoe '' :d, 
  i dont consider lb or kass an assassin , they have more utility ( cc ) than the other 3 i thought of - akali , kat , eve, 
  i thought he plays blitzcrank ... 
  then i guess critplank is an assasin ? 
  or ap cho !, 
  true . 
  i think ap ashe can be played as support , you buy all the gp10 , then cdr boots , by that time probably the lane phase is over , so you can start farming . 
  dfg , lichbane , rabadons , void staff , lats one mybe zhonyas :d, 
  i think scarra has definitely better mechanical skills , not sure about the other areas of skill though, 
  what ? 
  i just quoted nm, 
  as/proc vayne , mf , varus, 
  tankahar ( basically , an urgot build ), 
  hybrid carry taric, 
  or ult :d, 
  you mean galaxy fist soraka ? 
  the last item doesnt even matter ... does way more dps than people expect . 
  do the same on hecarim lol, 
  erm wait , i think i didnt buy pd then . 
  i never go abouve 100 % crit , thats retarded . . something is wrong with my memory lol, 
  better run smite and trololosteal it, 
  problem , is , most aps need to get only about 15 % cdr to max it out , and to me dfg is a better choice for the most part ... since it gives more damage so i can build a bit defense with zhonyas + abyssal . 
  but then again i like to play assasin-type aps like lb/ahri, 
  it 's more like an item for tanky aps like galio . 
  holy meatballs of doom this is awesome . 
  worth the wait and the money too . 
  yes please 3200 rp skin for eve, 
  make it happen, 
  whatever , im paying for it with my liver anyway, 
  same with ap plank ... 
  oh my fucking god he was . 
  i remember when he was a permaban in ranked lol, 
  ( insert brazilian joke here ), 
  6 items i would vote for twitch . 
  thing is , he will get an erly lead , because after you get revolver you just trolololofarm everything and get 300 cs when they have 130, 
   nothing you can do to them, 
  ftfy, 
  i realized how true it is . 
  it lies on the gold efficiency of eve 's items . 
  for example , in one game as shen i had a tabi + chainvest + thornmail , eve had a boots1 + triforce . 
  not that big of a gold difference , and my build was a counter to her . 
  you would think i got this ? 
  nope , eve got a pentakill . . people just underestimate the ulti passive and how it makes her tougher to face against , like a nasus with the same items . 
  thing is , im gon na swap my ghots for flash if i see an enemy anivia ... 
  got my one and only normal game pentakill that way :d, 
  starcraft ghost anyone ? 
  you dont play to raise elo , you play to get better ( because if you are better you win ) . 
  so , every champion . 
  ok maybe not eve, 
  [ nice try ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/003/619/untitled-1.jpg ), 
  or vlad, 
  revive smite eve . 
  i still play it , fuck you very much, 
  oh god them kennens flash ult to zhonya ( ring ) to my team ... still having nightmares, 
  with malady, 
  5kages ryze ... 
  eyebrow bird !, 
  whatever made this , it 's hatespeak at it 's finest, 
  malza too, 
  herp derp circlejerk moar , upvotes to the left bitches, 
  i want ruby malph so baaad, 
  not enough xd in the text, 
  point taken, 
  more like 2800 , take the longer farming period into account, 
  i kind of disagree , the new pieces just give us more challenge !, 
  strictly speaking they are less useful , but you know , they can still inspire great twists of imagination . 
  they . . smell, 
  ww rushing dragon at level 4, 
  while causing the worse half of the community to go rampage when someone picks eve, 
  you mean who the fuck would believe this is real . . i mean people would fucking sell their mothers for karma lol, 
  noob , i did it at least 8 times , 
  too bad this community has millions of people living in the matrix spamming `` ww top , cassio mid , soraka/graves but , lee jungle '' as some kind of fucking mantra . 
  ( btw u talking to a guy who has 60 + eve games :d ), 
  evelynn is viable , at least in solo q. if you are speaking of tournaments , no . 
  but if you think karma/xin is better than eve ... i have bad news for you, 
  in short , no . 
  in long , nooooooooooooooooooooooooo . 
  i 'd pay to see what he can do vs malzahar lol, 
  yep , the only three things ever blocked true dmg were maokai ult , leviathan and the old defensive mastery . 
  these were all bugs and now fixed . 
  ( im not sure about drunken rage ), 
  its just a recolor . . i kinda regret buying it - . -, 
  fuck , i shed a tear , thanks for sharing . 
  i 'll try to live like your man, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  evelynn is fucking viable, 
  just tell that panth to not pick fucking ghost . . 
  scarra . 
  because , what others said and can i get the reset ?
