  well actually if i havea bgh target every turn res 'd by kt i would win harder than i would have to, 
  ye but same shit with anyone with velen amiright?like malygos , antinidas , ysera . . they just win, 
  not really , they do make money , im spamming gold in these gift tanks coz their pen sucks , 
  fcuk you, 
  if only i had a tet, 
  still , some chains are far what you can call armor, 
  eve rushing ludens . 
  0.3 sec cd q giving 10 stacks , , few seconds cd e giving 20 stack ... the damage is insane, 
  its 5 man premade , you can ban zed . 
  i think the t34 is also very popular because the effect of `` herp look im immortal and i can kill everyone hurr durr '' mindset, 
  yeah , after tier 7 you either ay the prem or lose credits . 
  i 'm sorry , but you are completely wrong , trying to prove your point by `` why are you so mad '' is ... just . . flawed logic . 
  oh shit then look at another video where someone gets 14 kills with an is7 then, 
  oh shit then look at another video where someone gets 14 kills with an is7 then, 
  beautifully written, 
  i saw this concept back in 2006 , last good year of my life . 
  i was a fan of the miura before , but my jaw hit the floor . 
  since then i dream of getting this car somehow , i dont care , probably buy a shitty miura and renovate it ? 
  i dont know . 
  it 's probably nothing more than a poor man 's anxiety fueled wishful thinking , but it makes me both happy and sad . 
  tl ; dr : i 'm obsessed with this car, 
  camp in heavies , then when the battle score is something like 7-9 and you have 3k damage already , roll out and trade with your hp . 
  always that time of the month :d, 
  nah , we went through that phase in s1, 
  most likely a clan icon that just happens to look exactly like the xvm icon , it occupies the clan icon space at least . . 
  complainers , who think they know everything about the game . 
  especially unicums stating arty is toxic to the game balance . 
  yeah , i get it , you are doing better average damage than 90 % of the community , but that doesnt mean i 'm going to magically believe everything your ( maybe ) biased opinion says . 
  dunning-kruger effect , cognitive dissonance and confirmation bias are not linked to iq or wn8 . 
  still ... 
  i woulda take it if it would colored in horseshit color . 
  well obviously they are somwhat related , but not really closely . 
  i think these effects poison everybody ; more intelligent people just learn to deal with it . 
  thus people with more iq have it less . 
  somewhat . 
  ( i think even if they dont show it they have it , and it can surface anytime ), 
  new tanks appearing before they are released , with a clearly visible nameplate under them . 
  i smell wg is in this ... 
  yeah , i can read those plates . 
  yeah , but `` highly skilled individuals '' might not refer to unicums here . 
  just keep in mind how cocky and egoistic most unicums are . 
  also , i said iq and wn8 . 
  not skill . 
  ( i can have 4k wn8 by padding ), 
  which makes it extremely obvious . 
  i dunno , most of the time you probably wan na play it with a weapon and glaivezooka is best played after a minion . 
  so it only charges with bow, 
  i cut one scientist . 
  think about it , 50 % of the time you draw a trap instead of a scientist and then its just a 2/2, 
  welp , it looks like i completely misunderstood that comment . 
  my point still stands , d-k can be present in lower wn8 ppl as well therfore you cant directly link it to wn8, 
  eh , it probably didnt come out well , im not really good in english, 
  dunno how to describe . 
  its a pretty good counter to combo ... 
  whoops, 
  i just love the type 64 , easily one of my best buys . 
  oh and the 2j . 
  sort of redundant because you never get gauntlet on nasus , for several reasons, 
  or shredder for value, 
  farm that gold with facehunter kappa, 
  it was probably the blacksmith 's crew . 
  he was previously making a show ( man at arms ) where he forged famous weapons from many games . 
  this video is shot in that style as well , making me think blizzard was indeed only arrived at the very end of the process . 
  sti has more gun depression i think ? 
  making it a little more versatile, 
  38 game losing streak in my obj . 
  it was in one sitting as well . 
  on the chinese server they sell a golden textured type 59 , that doesnt have pref mm , but earns double the credits . 
  it costs a lot of money , and from what i heard its usual that you get tked at the start of the game anyway for being p2w faggot . 
  would be nice on the eu server tho , i think people are nicer here, 
  i want a premtier 8 med that doesnt suck . 
  i played it 40 games straight , in one sitting , i won the first two and then kept losing . 
  i just wanted to pad my average damage in it , which i did ( by about 5 percent ) , but i lost a lot . 
  over time i managed to win more , and i have 900 games in it now , so those losses doesnt matter so much . 
  eh , not my playstlye , i have the fcm and i would rather drive a t-44 . 
  i got too used to russian meds, 
  well you can have a facehunter without leeroy for like 1300 dust max and farm the dust for leeroy with it, 
  well , in my hands it does . 
  i know it is probably a good med . . 
  check yourself before you rek yourself :d, 
  well i farmed enough damage , decent credits and wn8 , only my winrate suffered, 
  we need you to shut the fuck up, 
  can i get an arty player flair ? 
  yup , fuck cancer . 
  no , no , its a great achievement , just not what an average person would think it would be . 
  you are better than 95 % of the playerbase which is a great thing . 
  you rock !, 
  ( duo ? 
  i dunno , he prolly has a good crew in the type, 
  my opinion :, 
  td : if you look at whole line its probably the wte100 line ( except tier 7 ), 
  heavy : tossup between e100 and is7 . 
  e100 line teaches you to angle , is7 line teaches you to go hulldown . 
  ( or sidescrape ), 
  med : most med lines are good , but obj 140 and its whole line stands out a little . 
  light : different every tier . 
  tier 4 : luchs or m5a1 stu , tier 5 its elc , tier 6 and 7 : new us line , tier 8 : french , german or chinese, 
  arty : if you wan na do damage everywhere , its cgc . 
  if you wan na actually hit the targets , its obj . 
  261 , although the line under it is not really accurate , but still hard hitting .
