  spamming tonics of mending is not fun, 
  - where and how do i farm aether crystals ? 
  hi there , i just have a question the wiki didnt answer . 
  i have elements of the perdition set , which give flat acid retaliation . 
  i guess '' +100 % retaliation damage '' adds to that amount , but my question is , does '' + x % to acid damage '' help ? 
  because playing alone is nice , but playing with partners is even nicer . 
  i 'm a d2 veteran and played this game too , a little . 
  but since now i can play on the internet , why not ? 
  i 'm looking for friends who i can play with , and maybe talk a little . 
  i love theorycrafting . 
  my name is wakka_bot on steam . 
  i have a level 10 char atm , but beginnign a new one is no problem . 
  i like to play a lot at once . 
  cheers, 
  i started theorycrafting recently as my first few ( dozen ) epics dropped , and because i found muliple nice items that give lightning damage and things like that , i decided to make a character that uses lightning nova ( and later the empowered version ) as my main attack skill . 
  i started as an arcanist and only put points into mastery as i 'm about to rush the star pact ( end tier skill , giving me cold damage and lightning damage ) and tsunami devotion proc skill , which does colnd and lightnign damage . 
  my questions are :, 
  - is this build viable lol, 
  - where do i specialize later ? 
  i guess i 'm hoarding lightning damage ( + cold damage ) , cast speed and energy regen , and the necessary defensive skills , but what after ? 
  - secondary class i think i will choose shaman because i got 2 items that give +2 storm totem and also amassing lightning damage helps with the totem damage . 
  any other ideas ? 
  - if i have two items ( in this case , an amulet and a weapon ) which both give a chance to cast lighning bolt on attack , but both the chance and the damage of the spells are different , what will happen ? 
  will both proc separately , essentially adding together towards my dps ? 
  - lightning nova has a main hand damage part which makes me able to proc the lightning bolt , but does it worth it to take spells or items that give flat lightnign damage with it ? 
  for example empowered lightning nova has 28 % main hand damage . 
  does that mean , that if i have flat +100 lightning damage because of items , the nova will do 28 bonus because of them ? 
  or does `` 28 % main hand damage '' actually only means `` does 28 % of the physical weapon damage as lightning damage , and applies on-hit effects such as added flat lightning damage '' ? 
  because if the latter is true , it might be worth it to pick up skills such as iskandra 's elemental exchange for a little lightning damage , or go 2handed weapon na dbrute force ( although this loses the caster offhand potentially having a shitton of lightning damage ), 
  my friend and me created a game `` take and give loot share '' . 
  it is open right now and i am in it ( my char name is tesla ), 
  we basically put down everythign in devil 's crossing that we dont need . 
  we encourage others to do so , and take what you need . 
  come quick until before we get bored :d, 
  hi there , i just had a thought about a tank that would use a 2-handed weapon and a fairly straightforward , spammable skill like forcewave or primal strike . 
  and otherwise , the rest of the build would be full tank . 
  i think the added sustain ( lifesteal ) could make up for the lack of a shileld , also higher damage = less need to worry about the damage of mobs . 
  do you agree ? 
  and how would you build such a character ? 
  ( with what exclusive skill , if any ? ), 
  hiyo , i just started a witchblade recently and i like to plan ahead . 
  it uses blade arc ( no clean sweep ) with laceration as main skill and solael 's witchfire . 
  i got the idea from a pure blade arc soldier who did nice damage in itself , even with 1h weapon , because blade arc is mostly bleed + trauma independent of weapon damage . 
  so my questions are, 
  - as a main attack is that viable in later levels ? 
  - if so , what exclusive skill ( and later on complemental skills ) would you guys use ? 
  ( looking at either menhir 's bulwark for the added flat phys damage , or posession for the `` occultist damages '' . 
  also would like to read some weapon tips . 
  my guess is that maxed attackspeed is the way to go since blade arc does 135 % weapon damage so the flat damage bonuses like witchfire are more effective . 
  edit : using bat ddevotion for blade arc to proc, 
  some damage types go well otgether because the items you equip give % damage to both . 
  like physical/trauma . 
  what i am asking is what if the damage type you go for , is uncommon . 
  for example a witch hunter who uses blade arc for bleed damage , and uses various acid/poison enhancements like blood of dreeg and poision damage devotions/items . 
  there is a devotion called blades of nadaan . 
  it says `` inreases armor piercing by 100 % '' . 
  does that mean that any physical damage my sword does , will be converted to pierce damage ? 
  i 've been wondering this question and cant open a support ticket about it because i forgot my password for my email ( e_e ) . 
  so basically , there is this hungarian collectible card game called [ hkk ] ( http://www.beholder.hu/?m=hkk&cikk=38 ) . 
  it is a very established thing , it runs since the 90 's and they occasionally make pop culture references like [ this ] ( http://www.beholder.hu/?m=hkk&in=hkk.php&kartya=6728 ) . 
  the card reads `` xenomorph face attacker '' which is an obvious reference to the monster in the aliens films . 
  the illustration looks very similar , and the mechanics of the card fits into the theme . 
  why do i ask this question here ? 
  well this cardgame now has a '' [ patron program ] ( http://vednok.hkk.hu/ ) '' which basically means for a set amount of money , amongst other ( irrelevant here ) things , you get to design a card . 
  what if i , or someone else , gets in this program ( pays the money ) and want to design a card that vaguely resembles a league champion ( or item , or anything ) ? 
  how similar can it get until we break law or riot 's terms of use ? 
  or is there a middle ground , like asking riot for permission ? 
  ( i want to know ... for a friend ), 
  ( for the record , these cards would get into the booster packs so there is potential money involved . . ), 
  i do n't really understand why , probably because of my anxiety , but nothing tilts me harder than pinging right on my face when i 'm in the middle of a clutch play . 
  countless of these were lost because a teammate pinged v on my face . 
  very annoying . 
  ping volume lowering doesnt work either, 
  hi there . 
  i 'm currently trying out liquidsky for the first time ( trial acc ) . 
  i have noticed that when i play league of legends there , in game the cursor stays the windows cursor which is very annoying . 
  is that intentional ? 
  how do i fix ? 
  hi there . 
  i was just playing fallout 4 when unfortunately my video card pooped itself , and now i 'm stuck with an inbuilt video card which can barely run league of legends on minimum settings . 
  ( cant remember specifics , not on that comp right now ) . 
  thankfully graphics is n't really something i value high . 
  my all-time favourite game is fallout 2 , i installed it but quickly remembered i played that game so much i know everything about it :d, 
  erm . 
  is there any game that came out in this century and has similarly long and highly replayable content like f2 ? 
  the late the better as i was pretty big into isometric games around 2000 ( back then i could only run aoe2 and diablo lol ), 
  games i liked and played around the same themes/genres :, 
  baldur 's gate series ( didnt really like that one though ), 
  diablo series, 
  grim dawn ( that one would n't run though on the onboard vid card anyways ), 
  torchlight series, 
  age of empires, 
  starcraft, 
  warcraft, 
  fuck , i cant remember all of them . 
  rise of nations too . 
  i 'm more into hack n slash lately and the only reason i 'm not spamming some obscure d2 mod is that it takes too much to set up , especially on win10 . 
  but i also love some resource management or strat game like civ/aoe2 . 
  sooooo . . is there a great game i missed ? 
  ( the tank in question is the t95e2 , the refer-a friend reward tank .
