  exactly . 
  yet it looks like its the japanese chi-ha . 
  im confused . . 
  he also said it is completely unhistorical then goes on explaining how historically accurate the guns are ... 
  those some real old screenshots , i recognize myself on one with half the wn8 and 3 % less wr than i have today ... ( also the map was port ... ), 
  nice collection you have there , appreciate the time it took to make . 
  although i kinda wished that the part that i recognize myself in , will be your pershing game from himmelsdorf where all i did ( in my e-25 ) is that i rushed in and killed you :d, 
  all in all , thanks for the nostalgia . 
  ( and the good advices in rddt chat . ), 
  do they accept inferior tanks , as in anything that is not kv-1s or is3 ? 
  it 's not hard , if you think about it . 
  the turret design itself is in no way historical , art-wise it looks like something '80s or '90s, 
  got tked at the start in my borsig . . by a failplatoon of one luchs and two hetzers . . 
  i 'm pretty sure its 24/7 working with at least a few people online at any times . 
  / tips fedora, 
  took them quite a long time too :d, 
  tog, 
  what are you talking about , churchill needs more `` improved combat rations '' aka `` more cocaine for the loader '' :d, 
  what , i thought the `` cheap fuel '' is the 50 octane, 
  you have decent people around you who care about you is what i see in addition what others said . 
  mwahahah , there is a vehicle in t3 that sees province in random games and has 400 view range . . imagine the joys of free patrol duty every single game lol, 
  add in alecto too, 
  it doesnt count towards the 250k mission is what he wants to say, 
  compensates for those tier 5 himmelsdorf games eh ? 
  yyup !, 
  cry me a river ... 
  i agree , i got top xp in a tier 7 game tooning with 2 togs . . as an alecto, 
  they better make this for all servers like the is6 one , or eu players will be pissed . 
  i think you will get the gold then, 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!, 
  i dont know but i would grind 10x more for a t34 than for a shitpershing . 
  at about 9k games i got my wte100 , but before that i grinded at leaset 10-12 lines to tier 6 because is6 mission . 
  if not for the is6 , i woud have gotten the object 261 as my first t10 at about 8k games . 
  but i did the 100k with the nashorn and i fell in love with that line ( that i lost at tier 9 but thats another story ), 
  it can snipe , it can scout , it has speed to reach the arty first ( my kill !!!, 
  ! 444 ) , it can occupy unusual positions , and contrary to popular belief the gun mantlet is strong enough to bounce bl-9 unlucky shots . 
  dont count on it tho . 
  i regularly `` fail `` platoon with it to see what i can do in tier 10 games . 
  t40 is the tank that can oneshot same tier heavies . 
  m8a1 is a tier 4 hellcat . 
  your choice :d, 
  e25 player here . 
  you are food for us, 
  conqueror gc . 
  i need just that vehicle to kill for my master tanker since january . . 
  wte-100 has the jagdtiger 's gun with doesnt seem good pen for tier 10 . . until you realize it has a 6-shell autoloader and you can pump out 3k dmg in 10 secs . 
  it has literally 20 mm armor on `` turret '' though , and has no camo . 
  borsig on tier 8 has the maus ' gun with obscene camo values and a turret . 
  at tier 10 i can kill the t34 thru the mantlet in 4 secs with my wte100 . 
  yeah , but the 128 mm gun is still less than any other tier 10 td 's pen . 
  but it is everywhere so you can bet you will meet a lot of them, 
  who the fuck talked about basing a tanks strengths ? 
  man you are seeing a wood behind a single tree, 
  tagged you as `` ignorant '', 
  t18 , obviously . 
  jesus fuck you are a massive retard, 
  archer . 
  so much death you aint gon na level up your crew, 
  and better view range !, 
  oh , i was thinking it is in every case . 
  to my defense though , it mostly is, 
  yesterday on windstorm i had a 4300 damage game in my jagdtiger 8.8 . 
  when i killed a su-100 in the city i realized there are only 4 enemy tanks left , 3 of them oneshot tier 6 's . 
  but they were capping so i had to reset . 
  i spotted the cap . . aaaand the only tank that had a chance at killing me , was facing right where i popped out . . a tiger 2 just set me on fire q_q bye , kolobarnovs, 
  where they can just install binos and spot right to their draw distance lol, 
  so much reds would complain lol, 
  dunno , i play it like a med and have a 61 % winrate in it . . my overall wr is 50.6 %, 
  except e75 's . 
  fuck them . 
  yeah because you did not begin the game with it . 
  i broke into tier 3 with pz1c and that was literally the worst tank to learn to survive in . 
  this is what i meant . 
  yeh , i dunno why but i cant pen its weakspot with the jagdtiger88 's gun, 
  i dont have a clue either ; and it 's infuriating , as a td enthusiast with a certain playstyle this is about the only map i feel really uncomfortable on . 
  lakeville . 
  i just stroll to the middle and spot andshoot everything , i always feel like i can carry . 
  hah , i didnt mention i 'm usually playing e-25 or t49 there which means if i shoot carefully i may go unspotted . 
  i ' v been there numerous times with jagdpanter and jagdtiger 8.8 too , though , and i made it work . 
  never . 
  what kind of pussy i am ? 
  i 'm fighting till i die or the clock runs out ? 
  na server i assume ? 
  do not play tanks that require you to know a certain part of the mechanics . 
  for example if you dont know how scouting works dont play scout ( researcha bit before playing light tanks , etc. ), 
  my best bet would be , to gring up to the kv1 . 
  four tiers fun before that , and on the kv1 you can learn a lot about the game . 
  / r/redditgetsdrawn would love you . 
  these were some close games . 
  glad to be a part of them :d, 
  but the is2 is :d, 
  i can imagine after all the work put into the actual renovation , putting together all these photos with comments , was a piece of cake :d great job !, 
  maybe you got shot in the lower front plate but the game , due to some lag or bug , graphically registered it on your gun mantlet ? 
  heh , rocks and bumps are your friend :d, 
  hahayeah once i killed a kv5 from full hp with my e25 , frontally , unseen . 
  the tears, 
  fucking 45 % players , sometimes all they need to do is to just go back to base to decap . . or just faking cap ... but no . . they just faking go for some expected kill or something . 
  he also forgot at15a and dicker max . 
  bullshit , pak40 only gets tier 5 max, 
  source : wiki , and i own one , out of 250 games i never met 6 .
