  i duno he is kinda pointless in miracle rogue . 
  the m5a1 stuart is the chinese one and it equips a 47 mm gun only slightly inferior to the 6 pdr brit or 57mm soviet guns that are commonly found on tier 5 meds . 
  its a broken piece of shit tank, 
  why do you help tomatoes . . ? 
  except its inferior to the 132 in pretty much every way, 
  i doubt the hull armor matters against other lights . . 
  and the american way too . . 
  eh , i bounced waffle in my t-44 , and the isu even . . it could have been a miracle bounce, 
  that is because spaced armor stops he , and also it doesnt have normalization ( if you hit at a retarded angle it wont pen ), 
  why would they want to replace the t-127 ? 
  and less damage per shot :d, 
  so every game you hope for a miracle ... ? 
  ht-15 of t28 . 
  i got close to 10k once or twice but my is-7 usually gets rekt by arty because im camping in a hulldown spot ... 
  must be because an averaage pubby looks at the purples like some savior who will win him the game ... 
  try a-43 , its heavier , has more armor , and similar speed . 
  you can ram a 1390 for half of his hp if you are lucky . 
  edit : although the only chance you can do that is in tbs , or failplatooning, 
  would you list all the tanks you used please ? 
  ( at least for those frustrating ones ) . 
  i think it would be very useful to everyone struggling, 
  i 'd suggest the is-6 for that , but you have to have some experience with it still . 
  love the glasses :d, 
  nope , green teams arty killed it . 
  lol, 
  like the stug , but the gun has insane dpm . 
  inaccurate though . 
  its a flanker , not a sniper . 
  think about su-122-44 without armor, 
  you have to put them in the barracks first lol, 
  think about it , the su-122-44 is basically an is gunwith improved rof and mobilty . 
  the 85i is the same thing tier for tier : kv-1 gun with improved rof ( well , slightly ) and mobility . 
  i did 3k dmg on the first try ... with a td  . <, 
  right , i forgot to check . 
  the cromwell is only about half a ton lighter , really, 
   90 % hit percent, 
  nice, 
  play it like a turretless med . 
  you are welcome, 
  do you need a dedicated arty player ? 
  i have 261 and soon ill get ccc ( conqueror cancer carriage ) . 
  i have is7 too , i just hate it . 
  with damaged ammorack . 
  i know you had a player , but did you need one more ? 
  it would suck having to play is7 every cw . 
  yeah , but if i move i dont get free blocking damage ... 
  could you link the source instead of copy n paste from rita , please ? 
  quite a shallow article , filled with obvious things . 
  does it have hesh ammo though ? 
  face hunter is fun for me ... 
  yeah , but do you want to care about those people 's opinions who dont even know what you had to do to get to diamond ? 
  they probably dont value it because they dont know . 
  i dont think you should give a shit about an opinion that is based on ignorance ... 
  ( sadly i 'm on eune ), 
  stb has good gun depression and dpm , and deent hull armor . 
  it 's somewhat inaccurate though . 
  e50m has less gun depression and dpm , but more accurate . 
  it also has harder-to-abuse armor . 
  well maybe he wasnt in the frontline . . maybe his fronline just collapsed faster than he could retreat . 
  in this case you must do ti with extreme care ; as an arty player i always giggle when a jt shows its side armor which i can pen with he and its a huge target . 
  can confirm the asz\u00fa is very delicious . 
  wow dude this is the shittiest comment of the year , no offense, 
  you need consistency . 
  also failplatooning helps ( higher tiers = more dmg ) if you can . 
  pyro, 
  oooh show me where the hunter touched you ... 
  nevermind i know its your face :d, 
  or , mill them until all they have is their 10 cards in hand then steal their only heal :d, 
  yeah `` fuck '' you, 
  6 , fairly average . 
  whoops, 
  cultmaster value, 
  my best base xp was ~ ~ 1990 ~ ~ 1948 in a su-122-44 , doing 6k dmg . 
  hopefully more kids will leave wot, 
  whoops , i just checked the exact value is actually 1948, 
  whoops, 
  no , i just fucking hate kids . 
  so that when you get them for free via missions you get the gold equivalent ? 
  yeah , `` trolling '' is not an excuse anymore , this is just money whoring . 
  did you read the sidebar ? 
  i dont have to , 
  it was first couple of minutes for me : d, 
  you mean it doesnt move , like a building :d, 
  you didnt play the ferdi , you dont know , but it actually has worse armor . 
  nice username, 
   its the closest thing to the non premium tank its based on, 
  or a chur3, 
  1c is just as fast though, 
  for me they all seem invalid , prolly na codes, 
  kolobarnovs and raider/invader in arty ( separate games ), 
  steel wall , sniper and patrol duty in t18 ( same game ), 
  steel wall in t-25 ( i was reverse sidescraping lol ), 
  just be prepared that is a slow subreddit . 
  at least a proper one though, 
  false , players with 1 battle didnt, 
  whoops, 
  they are paper frontally too , so kv-2 with some ap is my best bet . 
  or arty . 
  or on tier 7 , e-25 and su-152, 
  did you use the 57 ?
