  i think you missed something , its works as intended for me ... 
  maybe it was a natural ward placed 1 minute earlier ? 
  * khm *, 
  i want that minute of my life back . 
  i usually watch dyrus , i get the joke , but its lame ... happy now ? 
  mundo ? 
  i think warmogs is only good if you rush its , so better rush mallet and then buy anything else than warmogs . . 
  yeah i have 600 s2 ranked wins yet i get paired with newcomers , but meh , got ta carry them huh ? 
  cs 1.6 much ? 
  haha same story :d, 
  been there , done that both , ut too, 
  wow i actually read it all ... made me think ... 
  i come back later , tell you what i concluded, 
  its serious, 
  actually its good for a psa title , gj, 
  fuck it or remove it ? 
  yeah think about it , when veigar farms enough ap to 1combo everyone , he can even start selling ap items to get defensive stats ... 
  that way you run out of mana hella fast :d, 
  the trolls, 
  i 'm curious , as i plan to add nasus to my repertoire . 
  against yorick what would you start with ? 
  ( my usual nasus build would be regen pendant to shurelyas later , frozen heart for max cdr , marllet , ga and maxbe another tank item or trifoce . ), 
  or , you know , just press shift 3 ? 
  well saintvicious rarely jungles with ignite :d, 
  na nana maybe it was me ? 
  blind stolen baron with tank galio q, 
  once i beat a veigar with revive smite eve mid . 
  :d he was maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddd, 
  instalock teemo , now she cant pick him :d, 
  another idea , start instalovking evelynn every game and she might be fed up with that :d, 
  sssssh, 
  stay quiet, 
  and even if you unload that burst , there comes 6-8 seconds of unusefulness ... meh ap eve sucks so hard, 
  that, 
  was, 
  get your shit straight, 
  swap lichbane for zhonyas :d, 
  she looks pretty , it 's normal :d, 
  party rock viktor, 
  everyday hes . . um . . you know, 
  against ww i recommend gp or a very skilled irelia who is playing very agressive early , then pushes the advantage to the point where building hp isnt going to help . 
  trundle disagrees, 
  i would use zhonyas to fill 2 seconds of my life in team fights where every one of my spells is on cooldown . 
  i think smart people would wait until all my cds are blown then attack me . 
  then i activate zhonyas , and during that 2 seconds hopefully i will have 1-2 spell available again . 
  true story bro . 
  ryze i think , easy to learn champion , but hard to master , and smartcast really helps to pwn faces with him . . 
  garen is bad because he is outclassed by riven by every single aspect , and he has a passive which prefers passive play , while riven has one which prefers active play , which is the `` new meta '' , going agressive . 
  yeah fuck you sorakabot, 
  google is your friend , also search on reddit, 
  normal elo exists right ? 
  he ksed himself up to 2k elo ? 
  i bet an evelynn one would be full of emo songs lol, 
  i would love to play him but when i get to play him my team goes full derp and we lose :(, 
  its like a curse . 
  i have blesses though , i have good records with huehuekaiser, 
  i would , but i never played skarner , sorry, 
  last time i used it , it worked perfectly . 
  i was more than a year ago though . 
  shaco can get double buff !, 
  he needs a strong pull on blue though . 
  and ap quints iirc, 
  demacia vs noxus match . 
  would be epic . 
  or some champions that use mechanics that are more game changing than others . 
  ( eve/twitch ... fuck im an eve addict lol ), 
  omfg that urgot o.o, 
  or money . 
  you know ... 
  her ulti is basically alpha strike with on-hit effects ? 
  exactly , you can hear from the tone that he was smiling when he said `` tons of damage '' . 
  it 's a self-parody now , and it 's all okay . 
  or mf :d, 
  it should . . i see a new counter on gp :d, 
  well mister yi doesnt have on hit effects , but yeah ... fiora is more or less yi v2, 
  vladimir ... oh god dem sunfires, 
  oh god i miss his release ult sooo much, 
  no , not really , i just played a lot of eve back then , and its my favourite champion . 
  nowadays i just play her for fun normals once in a while . 
  why u ask btw ? 
  lol, 
  you are misunderstanding the entire text . 
  i tell once again : garen is bad because if you have a job garen fits in , riven does it even better . 
  nobody talked about garen vs riven lane matchup lol . 
  good stuff , upvoted, 
  fat caitlyn looooool, 
  oh man i laughed hard on this : dddd, 
  good idea , i totally agree . 
  she is a viable support lol . 
  yeah so ? 
  wow , very high drawing skill here , gj man, 
  [ please use the search feature before posting . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/search?q=remove+champion ), 
  i see a growing hate towards you , from my direction ... , 
  i didnt , really !, 
  it was so hilarious , it might be a classic later :d, 
  do not ulti him :d, 
  true good stuff , made me think . . everyone should read this, 
  also you miss a shitload of magic resist for so low price ... 
  tell that to spamhappy,
