  you will have better results . 
  i had 1000 + pz .1 c games and tried everything cause i am a theorycrafter , and honestly i held this point ( 2cm being better ) superior , but i went out and found out why the vast majority of the better players than me use the mauser , and convinced myself by experience . 
  was half joking honestly . 
  even against long range hes oi has no chance because they are getting outranged . 
   you never see an e25 carry a 4-5k damage win by dominating a flank and then moving to the other one and doing the same . 
  you mean you never saw it ? 
  because i saw plenty of times , and i did it a few times , in fact i did every single stug4 and t28 missions with e25 , including the ones where i had to do 4k dmg . 
  i dont really want to shit on your parade , i know t29 is gud , but it has one - one gimmick ( turret armor ) and it is weak on other things ( armor elsewhere , etc ) , whereas the e25 has multiple , easily abusable factors ( accuracy , dpm , camo , speed , all of which the t29 does not have ) . 
  placing the t29 over the e25 overall is absurd . 
  not to mention the hulldown does not mean shit against any good player who can just aim under your cupola and overmatch the turret roof . 
  what is the point of olympics then, 
  yes , but still , much better tank than a t29 . 
  you argued it is better because it can take hits as it would be some sort of sole attribute to be judged by ? 
  that is a false equivalency man . 
  you dont have to be in a heavy tank to carry a game you know . 
  not really `` to each of his own '' , you are playing the pz1c wrong , plain and simple . 
  i do not say you are playing it ineffectively . 
  but this is like scouting with an is-8 . 
  you can do it since you got 400 wiew range and decent speed and you can have great scouting games in it - but it is not a scout . 
  of course . 
  i 'm just saying the the mauser yields overall better results . 
  hey , i had fun spamming apcr from the 2cm too , for about 200 games . 
  it 's just madness stating that the 2cm is superior . 
  pay attention , he is from the eu , you can see it on his flair . 
  isnt the h35 just as gud ? 
  do you not see the eu flag ? 
  whoops, 
  underrated comment, 
  its only tier 2 ? 
  i dont think so, 
  salty much ? 
  in theory they still got codes, 
  the only good answer . 
  another kv1 can destroy it in 7 seconds, 
  yep, 
  two 122 mm heat shells in the face and it 's done . 
  t-127 wrecks them , even, 
  yeh but it was a better apcr , it can actually hurt some tier 4s, 
  my guess is that it is a joke-reference to a feminazi on tumblr who made a big fuss that she has ptsd from twitter harassment then flipped her shit when veterans with real ptsd wanted to ask her not to devalue their horror . 
  a r t y b o i s, 
  stock is4 kappa, 
  su-122-44 , e-25 , type 64 , fcm 50t , is-6 ( with lots of gold ammo ) , spershing ( with lots of gold ammo ) . 
  wz-111 too . 
  i do not have any non-pref mm tier 8s , so i cant talk about those prems like the cdc , t34 , t54mod1 etc, 
   you can skip the top engine if you want . 
  you 'll get it stock on su-100 , iirc . 
  just checked , correct . 
  there was a game where i got ammoracked in an e-25 . 
  at that moment i only had 1 ammo left . . 
  hey retard , deleting the root comment wont make these go away . 
  you have to delete all of them, 
  what, 
  holy shit does that mean . . that i max rolled an 50 120 side armor in my 122a ? 
  nice . 
  one thing to the community here guys : please , give wg credit for this . 
  you were right to be upset about the whole thing , but just as hard you smashed wg for it , they deserve all the credit now listening to us . 
  people tend to set a false picture in their minds if the first experience is a bad one . 
  look at it as wg corrected their mistake , and nothing more . 
  can rebuy the exp . 
  for this, 
  its a tier 5 tank man , i grind the price in like an hour spamming any of my prem tanks basically, 
  yeah , ill have to be honest i considered rigging , but now i sure as fuck wont risk it, 
  whoopsie , forgot . 
  jagged alliance is a crpg very similar to baldurs gate ( except it is modern day ), 
  almost 2/3 of our territory , most fo the big industrial cities ( kassa etc ) , most of the mountains , and railways system chokepoints ( basically left only budapest with a big train station , which fucked travel and economy ), 
  as an arty player , whenever someone on the enemy team says anything negative about arty or me , that earns him a big `` shoot me '' over his tank, 
   i did n't see this information anywhere else so far . 
  thats because it is bullshit . 
  speculation at best . 
  click whore wideo basically . 
  yeah , after more than 90 years we still have millions of hungarians living abroad because a mass migration never happened . 
  imagine whole regions only speaking hungarian - in romania . 
  i agree with you . 
  i just tried to state facts as hungarians know them . 
  i dont complain at all , after all i dont live there so it is not my business . 
  surprisingly honest even though it supposed to be a joke . 
  fcm , if you learn to play it well , it prints xp , credits , and wn8 with a minimum investment , while having no bad matchups ( pref mm ftw ) . 
  low effort high reward tank . 
  you fired 12 shots , penetrated only half , that is not `` doing well '' interms of ammo usage . 
  by `` doing well '' you a re rewarded with xp not credits . 
  credits are a reward for being cautious when firing ammo and being overall frugal with consumables etc. 
  no it doesnt , you need to take other positions . 
  whoa ... talk about a straw man, 
  nope . 
  the fact that it turned out to be true doesnt change the fact that it was only a speculation . 
  an educated guess is still a guess . 
  also it is still very much a click whore video with this free type 59 shit, 
  i 'm not angry . 
  i 'm just saying he is a clickwhore . 
  i dont give a shit . 
   anyway i was only announcing the christmas gift tank here, 
  so you are the guy iin the video ? 
  woudl explain why you defend him so much then, 
  sorry for that, 
  no t69 ? 
  or is it completely outclassed by the 50100 ? 
  neither of them is any competitive , so we can say they equally competitive . 
  what , you only fired ap yet ? 
  holy fucking shit . 
  i already had unreal dpg ( 1488 ) in this tank because it matches my playstlye so much , now , i dont even have to spam apcr from the short 88 to be op,
