  and i like the cdr because i roam , for the ult cd, 
  * continues referencing something nobody knows *, 
  ewwwwwww . . gross, 
  lol you mad, 
  lol sorry im a little bit too educated to watch hollywood movies, 
  son i have read the book ... three times . 
  athene is known for hype , this video is expected ^ ^, 
  critplank all the way baby, 
  no , definitely a laner , remember the deny mechanics ? 
  yes , just have to get the right runes ( which are different from usual if you play vs yorik right ? 
  right ? ), 
  probably the afk ones l0l, 
  give back old w to eve ... 
  indeed my friend, 
  i think that time trolling was more popular with heimer turrets :d, 
  aww shit yeah . 
  last few days before yorik patch , i played her with flash heal , rushed sheen + gunblade to spirit visage . 
  them heals !, 
  do you think aphro in clg is better situation than he was on fear ? 
  i ban blitz , shen , malphite because no one can play it on my elo and they would just fail horribly with it . 
  same was with shaco when he was popular . 
  i ban xin because . . he is too easy to play . . 
  hmmm old days or fortify smite rammus , 
  ( forti had a passive +9 ad vs minions ), 
   i feel like when he was on clg, 
   was, 
  you mean fear ? 
  tits or ass ? 
  cool story bro , want a hug ? 
  apparently not, 
  more like , upvoting for fanboyism / `` like '' is more common than upvoting for relevance . 
  even alex ich played it in soloq in season 2 lol, 
  you can burst with e + lichbane and you can have extended fights by just attacking for e reset and spamming heal, 
  trying to achieve vi-ctory, 
  that would be retarded , all he would need is a hurricane for a triple kill ... 
  i will only believe it if i see it on video . 
  yup, 
  wow you must be really tough !!!, 
  you downvoted me !!!, 
  just kidding , i dont give a shit, 
  well uh . 
  yes , photoshop !, 
  all i need to know is that it stacks on * tryndamere 's * autoattacks , 
  sadly not  but google is your friend , lol, 
  already exists ( the number i mean ), 
  too bad your nexus is no more , hue, 
  cheering for ~ ~ m5 ~ ~ gambit atm , 
  wait did i miss anything ? 
  iirc we can make vector graphics in photoshop ... or is it just my memory tricking me ? 
  lol, 
  well sorry if i spread false information anyway . 
  and thanks for correcting me, 
  idk lol , i got my hatesquad here or something, 
   / r/leagueoflegends [ ... ] filters as little content as possible, 
  we all know it 's bullshit . . do you really think it 's the truth when you write that down ? 
  i bet old sotd would have a word with you, 
  today i got reported for not building ap on trynda ... 
  go fuck yourself, 
  i like ur name, 
  he was an admin of a dota community site and ended the site by force when lol started with him . 
  basically he pooped all over the dota community, 
  but someone might elaborate further, 
  his experience . 
  remember hes a rioter lol . 
  i would treat an ss officer `` nice '' too . . 
  wow yo uare fuckngi mean . . a `` thx '' maybe ? 
  i would just masturbate all day then, 
  i was talking about , someone spared u a google serach , did a favor to u and u didnt even say thx . 
  who talked about me ? 
  lol, 
  what ? 
  yeh . 
  so what ? 
  if you can get the account , and prove your claim , it would be nice to get a few `` firendly '' pros ( scarra , voyboy , hotshot , snoopeh ) playing a few game each on the account , and streaming it maybe for charity purposes to the family ? 
  also showing the awesomeness of the community . 
  ( at least they can definitely get the acc to diamond no problem ), 
  edit : sorry about the loss man . 
  i remember making 5 ( double ) doses of cofee at 2am during world finals - and drinking all of it lol . 
  i think i slept on my brothers laptop after the 3rd game anyway . 
  worth it . 
  how did you convince that many people to not even register but level their accounts to 5 ? 
  no , no . 
  you deserved it, 
  how do you know ? 
  this guy so mad :d, 
  tl ; dr : you mad, 
  thats not proof , at all, 
  its just takes a lot of organisation and time / effort . 
  wonder if op wants to do that . 
  i would totally watch the streaming of it , 
  i dont know ? 
  write to their facebook , twitter , or their team homepages . . 
  or on reddit, 
  and anivia, 
  yeah . . luckily my and my mains ' mentality is the same < 3, 
  yes . 
  i was being unpolite , but this discussion was about you . 
  simply mentioning other peoples sins wont make you out of the situation . 
  you still failed . 
  that was a childish move .
