   high wn8, 
  2.4 k is not that high considering all he plays is the vk 2801 . . 
  that is his recent , do you not see ? 
  he is still not a 3.2 player though ? 
  well but , if you turn it around , `` csacsi '' which means `` baby horse leads to vizicsacsi = small `` horse of the water '' = small hippo . 
  i live at pest but i grew up in the cserh\u00e1t ( pal\u00f3cf\u00f6ld ), 
  bought 11 gifts . 
  got 11 . 
  1 x 500g, 
  2x 375g, 
  rest is 250g with sometimes 3 large repairkit bonus, 
  no it isnt , at least compared to other t3 arties . 
  also shits wn8, 
  and nowhere near the same shell arc . 
  turret was shit enough anyways, 
  well i played the is6 before and i loved it ; i just wanted to illustrate that i think people like me doesnt care about the nerfs since the turret is going to get penned just as it was before so why complain . . 
  it 's like if they nerfed the rear armor of the fcm 50t . 
  good idea , although we should set the value a bit higher tan 1 eu per gift lol . 
  i 'd participate if someone organizes it, 
  this is why the pz 2d should be kept : all the good players sell it --  only shitters play it --  required avg dmg is very low --  tank shits wn8, 
  no , i still have my oldest screenshots from 1 year ago in the same folder . 
  perhaps it has something to do with the press account ? 
  looking at the angles they didnt match . . 
  he clearly shot at you . 
  i think he tked so he got some capping mission maybe for someone else . 
  it looked like the is wanted to cap, 
   but it 's how this tank should be played, 
  why not binos instead or optics then ? 
  also , recon on the commander instead of camo . 
  actually swap all camo with bia and train everyone with camo 3rd skill , except the commander who should have recon . 
   which is not found anywhere else in the game :p, 
  except the t-28e new premium tank ... ? 
  exp has weakspots, 
  i see , but your guess that the new patch deletes them is still false . 
  does it matter ? 
  neither of them happened ... 
  only vaguely similar to the m4 in my eyes ... 
  and get rekt everry game by russian 152 mm he, 
  i dont need to see you to hit you :d, 
  way i see it , 1shotting a tier 8 td then takign 1 shot is worth, 
  does it mean that we can game the system by playing the deathstar with 250 req dmg ? 
  could n't you just model it spherical then ? 
  no they dont . 
  they have to be in top ten xp for the bonus to work , and win . 
  it is not going to work with a true newcomer . 
  the xp bonus only truely helps reroll grinders, 
  so does his dpg sadly . 
  i 'm betting he will be in top 10 xp for about 10 % of the time . 
  that amplified by the winrate while your platoon , makes about 6-7 games out of 100 where you get the xp bonus . 
  as opposed to a healthy , say , 30-50 % of games . 
  if you get x3 xp 6 games out of 100 , it is insignificant . 
  are you going to propose the xp is useful for newcomers when there is a 6-10 % chance to even get it ? 
  my orignial point , let me reiterate in case you misunderstood , that is is useless for newcomers because of the rarity , and way more useful for people who can play, 
  in all fairness , he went into a very dangerous position, 
  no offense , but 51 % winrate and 600 damage per game is not really good ... 
  i do care about the crew members though , but if 2 of you can help me that would be great . 
  sure , can you send a link to your profile ? 
  yes . 
  the way it goes , i invite you , that takes you to the account creation page where you can enter the invite code . 
  no time limit . 
  pm sent . 
  holy shit man , no offense , but i wont play the jt88 for a million xp lol . 
  i 'd rather grind out any tier 8 ever . 
  noted you , i 'm talking to someone else right now , but we 'll see . 
  perhaps i 'll help you anyways . 
  better not play on eu becaue the ping will be bad . 
  i disagree , tier 5 and 6 heavies are op . 
  also the tier 7 and 8 are fun . 
  rest are okay , some even good for missions like where you have to damage modules etc. 
  these are the moments worth playing for . 
  for both sides . 
  i personally think that the grille and the bishop are both better than , and the 122a is close to the lefh . 
  although i only extensively played ( 3marked ) the 122a and the bishop . 
   premiums are ~ ~ quirky ~ ~ worse , not better, 
  ftfy, 
  i love the bishop . 
  so , so accurate . . 
  bishop has 4.65 rof and 450 alpha = 2092.5 dpm . 
  also , it pens more than any other of these arties ( not counting su-122a pens on paper tds when you failplatoon . ), 
  because it is a td :d, 
  oh boy , did you play the arl v39 ? 
  try having 68 pen on tier 6 . 
  and you have to research and mount the tracks to be able to mount anything than the stock gun . 
  is is cakewalk in comparison . 
  another possibility is to grind the is 's top gun on the kv3 , seeing as the gun from the t150 is able to be mounted immediately and isnt that bad on tier 7, 
  only in gross income . 
  net income is what matters . 
  gross income is high because evryone spams gold in it = does more dmg = more income . 
  but also more spending as well . 
  5 , but only if the current preferential mm ( +1 ) tank would be +0 . 
  would love to spam my e-25 , spersh , is6 then, 
  i 'd rate 7/10 but your hair is 10/10, 
  if you liked it , try the t-34-1 . 
  same gun and actualyl usable armor , plus better camo . 
  you are taller though , so his turret roof is very easy target . 
  i think you need to see a doctor . 
  isnt that what you just did though ? 
  6.75 without bia or rations . 
  scret of that tank :, 
  - short 88,
