  you get much better life back with regen things like ulti , shurelyas , fon or , say , warmogs . 
  mabe picking up some early armor in the meantime . 
  or if my team got high cc then just omit rylais and go straight for tankiness . 
  the thing is , if your effective health is much higher than your actual health ( ie . 
  you got shileds and/or high resistances ) then life regen value increases . 
  so does spell vamp , but the problem is , singed 's main damage is his q , and it 's bot damage over time and multitarget , so for example if you have 20 % spell vamp you wo n't actually get 20 % of the damage done back in hp , only 1/3 or 1/6 of that , which is almost nothing . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
  also , it may be effective on ap/ap offtank singed , going something like roa-dcap-wota , but that needs high snowballing and not so good in general ( for example amumu or malphite are much better played ap offtanks because they have better ap ratios . . in addition to that , malphite can actually leave any mana items and go straight for abyssal to dcap or abyssal to sunfire to dcap . ), 
  seconded . 
  i run gp10 quints , sometimes even yellows because in these times everyone farming my wraiths , counterjungling me and generally playing safer so i have to rely on my philo + hog rush . 
  which is fine , but that means i ca n't really afford spellvamp quints , and if i do , i should pick the vamp mastery and an early revolver too . . which means no 21 def mastery , no early gp10 . . 
  so basically i can sustain but i sacrifice my entire midgame for that ... too much of a price imo . 
  the only jungler that can afford to get wota is amumu i think , but that is after 2-3 gp10 as well . 
  just wait till its free . . it is always free 2 weeks after release, 
  it kinda has to , imagine karthus e with full spell vamp ... 
  i think you misunderstood something :d, 
  upvotes for . . idk what, 
  supremacy ... is just a term they will use from now on , to describe their place on the mmo market !, 
  lol, 
  thanks for the long reply !, 
  wiping my items are never a problem , as i happen to be extremely lucky in terms of finding items . 
  when i got my ~ ~ bowzon ~ ~ vanquisher to level 23 or 24 i found a rare 2handed rifle with 540 dps . . it had fastest as , and about 80 or 90 plus physical damage . . and then i found 5 or 6 bows like that , neever got tu use any of them because they were just a few dps below my rifle , but if a fatal failure would happen on my enchant i would just dig up my huge chest of godly rares :d, 
  that said , this morning i discovered mods and i installed a few of them . . including the no-disenchant one , so ... :d, 
  so bad photoshop, 
  except if it teleports, 
  oracle on tank , fuck, 
  udyr and trunde disagree ... 
  scarra said many times on stream , that she is only underplayed because the cds are too high . 
  i agree . 
  i would pay with my liver ... 
  and if you feel exhausted , just qss it , np, 
  viable , as you will most likely lose lane , vayne has one of the weakest laning phases in the game . 
  so it 's all good to buy wriggles on her ... 
  if you get some kills or ahead on cs , i would n't advese it though . 
  congratulations , you are the 100th guy posting this on reddit . 
  did you try ? 
  yes . 
  do it . 
  or better , auto-ban for everyone who picks eve and wants to play serious . 
  while eliminating everyone else who wants to play a champion you dont like, 
  never late , i always look back on my post comments  thanks for the input, 
  actually we have a `` leader '' , he 's just not taking it as seriously as froggen ... his name is chu8 , you might have heard it, 
  i once got in a little fight in elemental school , and as a result an icicle got its way into my forehead , it broke a hole into my skull . 
  the scar now looks exactly like fucking harry potter 's fuck my life, 
  recently dicovered , was not disappointed . 
  my flair ? 
  i 'm a guy who never gives up , and is very melancholic . 
  i decided to main eve back then when i was not even level 30 , and she had the stun . 
  had 52 % ranked win rate with her in season 1 after 264 games ( considering the situation around eve i think it 's very nice ) and then the situation worsened ( season 2 i have 36 % winrate after 90 games ), 
  so i did n't gave up , i searched new ways to improve , myself as well as the champion , found new builds and i feel like i know this champion better than anyone else . 
  ( may not be true :d ) i played 600 + games only with her , and spent hundreds of hours ( literally ) theorycrafting , and this alone wont make me change my flair ever . 
  it 's a sign next to my name saying fuck you haters . 
  i still enjoy playing eve when i got proper players on my team . 
  so rewarding . 
  one highlight was in a premade normal game , which i played with some really nice i-dont-care-what-you-play guys . . they all performed average in that game , but they were very supportive in getting me fed as they understood i 'm their only hope ( at one moment , everyone had very negative scores and i had something like 13/1 ) we ended last teamfight with me getting a pentakill , best moment in my normal game career . 
  ( shoutout to caspercom aka yiffydragon and friends ), 
  also last split second flash ults to save teammates . 
  `` not on my watch !!! '', 
  as a vlad player , come at me bro, 
  with massive ~ ~ boobs ~ ~ commitment to her cause, 
  lasers ? 
  anyone ? 
  so rewarding to have 300 cs where everyone else has 90, 
  erm . . nothing . 
  i mean , if we praise this guy , lets have at least a mention to the another . 
  their jungle will rape mid and bot with ganks . 
  take the time please . 
  it 's worth it , i swear, 
  i 'm with you on this one , i think she just needs to revert back the nerfs , because , honestly , it did waaaaaaay more damage to the community than the good things it caused ( ie - new players didnt get facerolled too often ) . 
  take a deep breath riot , admit that you failed on this one , and settle this case once for all instead of causing many players disappointment . 
  ( mainly eve players , and teams that are disappointed because one teammate picked eve , players that think i 'm trolling when i pick eve , etc. ), 
  or , do something else . 
  this is going nowhere . 
  i dont get the joke ... 
  no : fuck everything about nidalee, 
  upvote for honesty !, 
  soul rapper draven , take my money riot, 
  honestly , that is the way i want to die . 
  hang out with the cool guys , everyone is helpful , i can do what i like the most , with the guys i adore . 
  it 's a good way to pass . 
  rest in peace . 
  [ you forgot the best one ] ( http://www.fantasydimensions.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/masquerade-evelynn-skin.jpg ), 
  jungle :d, 
  while dye44 's guide on solomid is nice , i have my own way . 
  21/9/0 , taking both penetration but focusing on ad-related masteries . 
  also taking revive mastery . 
  runes are full crit chance . 
  revive smite . 
  start cloth5 . 
  smite big wraith , kill the others . 
  pop 1 hp pot . 
  next up is golems , dont be surprised you wull get pretty low . 
  just maintain a hp pot . 
  now lizard . 
  kill the 2 little ones , die to lizard , buy hp pots until u get 6 . 
  hit revive rush to blue . 
  then wolfs - wraiths - red and gank . 
  note : if you have about 200 hp when you kill the 2 small lizards , you can go die to the wraith camp . 
  skill order is qwqew , then r  e  w  q. 
  rush wriggles , then as boots , sheen , avarice blade , triforce , finish yoyos .
