  so are you rewaring people who has already a lot of value , with more value ? 
  most be wot tweaker ... then, 
  up the irons \\ m /, 
  but ... but . . but . . the 6pdr is waay superior gun on the alecto, 
  ah , a misunderstanding then . 
  i find it more fun playing mini-e25 though :d, 
  wait a minute , that was port , wasnt it ? 
  crusader has the same gun as the tier 5 td ( 6pdr ) with awesome rof , it really plays a lot like the cromwell which is a medium tank . 
  you can dish out some serious dpg with it as well . 
  i found hightier scout tanks ( my experience is limited to the us line only tho ) really hilarious to play when drunk , you can scout passively or actively and then yolo with them like a med after . 
  on lakeville i usually abuse light tank camo bonus ( its the same moving as its standing ) and right from spawn i rush to an advantageous bush near the middle in the middle corridor to spot tanks rushing to the city near the shore . 
  i would gladly sacrifice a few shells , like even a third of them , in the pz .1 c 's mauser , for some pen . 
  just so i can do something against the kv-1 ... 
  wowp site, 
  go scout in a tier 10 game with e25 ( yes . . i know . . `` fail `` platoon ... ) , dont shoot one shell , get 100k . 
  here , have one more then, 
  got a new one from oneechan in rddt chat, 
  edit : ... aaand expired . 
  it is one of the codes leaked yesterday , meaning wg doesnt know that their codes are used and they are handing out already used up codes :d, 
  we will just have 12k + gold again then , l0l, 
  oops . . 
  here is a `` few '' used codes, 
  none of them work . 
  nothing unusual . . 
  either play a careless game ( i use pak40 or matilda ) or take a break after 4 losses . 
  do you have the replay ? 
  we could inspect it further that way , if you could share it . 
  420 * ftfy, 
  ^ ^ blaze ^ ^ it . 
  from what i gathered , there are a lot of hate towards people who got gold with the leaks . 
  i think it 's just a good opportunity to them to express jealousy and get away with it . 
  since people would use up these codes in minutes even if they were released on stream ; and also its usage limited so same amount of people got the goodies ; the way i see it is basically the difference is that just other people got the codes since it were luck based anyways . 
  the only unfairness i see , is that people were told that they are going to get codes from the stream and now its literally impossible for them to get the gold even if they watch ; well if you only watch the stream for gold ... 
  i dont see how you deserve the gold more than me who digged a few chats/forums/messageboards . 
  not saying the people who got it deserved it more ; no . 
  it 's just different . 
  exactly . 
  all of the codes could be used multiple times so i dont see your point . 
  you should not be `` rewarded '' for watching the streams . 
  stream watchers handle this thing like the gold was originally theirs - that is not the case . 
  i am 100 % sure if they dont give a shit about who got the gold . 
  alecto , to me , is a mini-e25 with the 6pdr . 
  i meant that if you would have replay people could pause or something and move around the camera a bit so they can see sides they want :d, 
  thanks for your insight !, 
  i actually value it and now see it in an other way !, 
  i still wont feel really bad though . 
  i 'm just a bird that ate up all the cookies that someone stole from a restaurant and threew away . 
  people who leaked these codes in the first place , should feel really bad . 
  you got downvoted because you didnt contribute to the discussion . 
  look up reddit rules and guidelines, 
  since he didnt contribute at all that would mean either your statement doesnt make sense , or i took out something from the discussion . . 
  besides , my contribution is not the topic here . . 
  no , i tried to explain why he got downvoted . 
  lol, 
  also , the accuracy is better than of the is-6 so you can snipe a bit at the start of the game in openmaps like redshre, 
  10 million ammo ? 
  or the price in credits ? 
  gun is waay worse compared to maus ' gun actually . 
  worse alpha , worse apcr ( ap is about the same ) pen , worse dpm , worse aim time ( real shit aim time , 3.4 sec ), 
  i 'm not tlking to you doomgrin , but to the people that read your comment . 
  muhahaha . 
  time to farm credits then, 
  the hate is strong with this one, 
  2 mm more pen wont mean the difference . 
  although , now that i think about it , it is ` better ' in a sense that it is not tier 10 so you get to terrorize tier 6 tanks with it, 
  just to be clear you arent talking about the italian maffia right ? 
  he probably means premium account, 
  there are some tanks in the game that are much harder to play , or learn the game on , than other tanks . 
  looking back , one of the best advices that i got , was to grind the kv-1 . 
  the tanks on tier 2-4 arent that good before it , but man the kv1 is so easy to learn game mechanics on . . 
  another advice : stay away from tier 4 + light tanks . 
  they are usually scouts which require a specific playstyle and understanding of the game . 
  hell , anywhere . 
  no tier 6 heavy has 230 mm armor anywhere . 
  i had experiences meeting tier 5 heavys with a similar gun ( sturers top gun ) imagine that . . you say the t34 is similar stuff then ? 
  i know right . . 
  i penned its back once with he . . did 1.8 k dmg ( su-14-2 ), 
  e25 , best tier 7 scout . 
  hah , mistook his hp for the obj 268 's , these are the only two tanks i oneshot . 
  nice !, 
  so it is historically accurate , and the wot one has track skirts for balance issue ? 
  i encountered a lot of problems like this , so you say i could report all of them ? 
  ruukkill ( hope i get his name right ) is a wg pro ( you could see him in wgl streams as commentator ) and he plays scouts a lot when he streams on a `` pimped '' acc ( he has 12 crew skills on the luchs commander ... ) , is extemely calm , got some very good commentary . 
  i learned a lot from scouting , watching him play . 
  too bad i rarely see him nowadays, 
  no ... 220 can be penetrated in the turret by literally any tier 4-gun . 
  and 122-44 doesnt really have any armor anywhere except the front, 
   except the front, 
  considering teut claimed he only shoots gold its a very bad winrate . 
  can corfirm , tha pak40 is auto win on province . 
  and less rof, 
  i can see the struggle in your face . 
  it is glorious . 
  it remembers me that the `` victory is even sweeter when you work for it '' a saying where i live . 
  not really , i mean they have the same gun and they both get tier 8 max . 
  oh you mean mm * relative to stats * ? 
  makes sense . 
  sooo the pz .4 s sucks in tier 8 battles is what you are saying ? 
  if he has gold for a matilda , he could buy a 100 % crew from it instead , lol, 
  good thing i bought the t-25 instead , then :d,
