  i use that and chaos strike from gem . 
  basically all else is solaels witchfire and various buffs, 
  nothing special, 
  only use 2 skills , chaos strike form gem , and blade arc . 
  abominable might is binded to chaos strike so when i kill 1 mob with it i can reliably proc it for the nex few sec ( tactics is to kill one small monster then immediately switch to the boss ), 
  eldritch fire is binded to blade arc to lower resistances . 
  other notable constellations are turtle shell and kraken . 
  i spam both potions and blood of dreeg though . 
  i will need more regen and hp very soon . 
  * face, 
  edit : whoops, 
  my bad . 
  cdr + q can work , but then again ap is better, 
  root *, 
  ey mate , i have one , can trade . 
  steam name is wakka_bot, 
  ( its a dagger btw ), 
  fuck that , i give ti to you free . 
  its a waste of resources to gamble for it, 
  huh ? 
  im currently online for about 12 hours straight, 
  back in season 1 and 2 everyone could do it , those were the days :d, 
  steam name is wakka_bot . 
  i wan na try a new build so lets start together then :d, 
  h4 h4 h4 h4 you mean, 
  probably someone with a similar acccount name then ,, 
  if oyu go ap ( no attackspeed ) i would max q first, 
  except if he has gunblade but then its not `` lifesteal '' anymore, 
  slow as fuck and prone to invade though . 
  also shit ganks pre 6 . 
  and after it the first rank of the ult is long cd . 
  because of the way e damage applies and the poision doesnt stack , its practically irrelevant to build as . 
  therefore going ap and basically building for shroom damage is the way to go ( liandris echo moreloos ) . 
  for the early game you just go aa+q+aa to pric thunderlors and to maximize this fast trade you need to max q. 
  also if you go something like 10 flat cdr and rush the 800 gold ap cdr item then you have 20 flat cdr so q max will do you more damage than just going for e. 
  so yeah ap + cdr makes q your poke, 
  i mean shroom teaam build makes it perfect to max q as well since you can go cdr + ap at the beginning , maximizing dps . 
  but its possible for `` nothing '' to reach it . 
  actually , nothing reached it, 
  so basically pox a mob , it will spread and then just whack at them with blade arc ? 
  which treasure trove chest you are speaking about ? 
  thanks !, 
  so that is runnable . 
  nice, 
  moreover . 
  if i have two identical weapons and one has 25 % armor piercing ( rest is physical ) , and i have a physical damage focused build , then i 'm better off going without pierce damage right ? 
  ( because i have curse of frailty anyways ), 
  but then it would be just called +100 % pierce damage right ? 
  its worded differently so it surely must mean something else - perhaps it doubles my armor piercing % -- as in if i have a sword with 20 % armor piercing it will become 40 % and so on ... 
  calling bullshit on this one, 
  aw cmon tit parade ... erm . . masquerade is okay...-ish ... 
  ( one little note , `` szia '' is almost exclusively used when talking to one person , and never gets used to non-persons . ), 
  ayyyy, 
  assuming he voted for himself ... 
  wouldnt call pz . 
  i think people just use the term `` autocannon '', 
  you got anally pounded so hard you are still crying, 
  not even her , its just a `` vendetta '' against a liar , a harasser, 
  aww geez what the fuck, 
  i killed her a few times . 
  benefits arent so overwhelming there either . 
  i prefer killing her though , because if you dont have black legion writ , you might need the black legion rep you get from killing her , because that reputation is hard to obtain ( no farmable faction like beasts for homestead for example ), 
  outside of savagery , blade arc might also be good . 
  it only deals main hand + bleed + trauma damage , so it falls right into your itemizetion prefs and olerons rage in soldier might be the perfect exclusive skill , it gives pierce damage and trauma damage . 
  yeah , mastery gives base stats which are good for survival . 
  i just recently realized this when i started a char that didnt put much into mastery . 
  but mobs are tough anyways . 
  turtle becomes irrelevant when you get behemoth imo, 
  oh , dont worry , it will get harder soon, 
  which pistol you need ? 
  i just happen to have a fuckload of legendary pistiols for no reason . 
  ( i play on steam , my username is wakka_bot ), 
  that would be very cool on a long cooldown skill that can proc a debuff skill like solaels malice ( the one that slows and reduces chaos resist ), 
  from my experience that devotion works awesome with forcewave + tremor because that skill plays out perfectly in terms of aiming . 
  it procs falcon very efficiently, 
  can anyone explain to me how the fuck is devouring swarm is of any use ? 
  from my experience it does shit base damage and ten times shit is also shit so ... i dont understand, 
  lwould it work with amulets that give lifesteal as well ? 
  i got deviltongue i think , maybe extreminus too, 
  i dont understand , you dont seem to use much makeup but wear these nails ? 
  he 'll still remain a cunt, 
  by the looks of it , cancer, 
  yeah , but thats just saying deport all the jews to aushwitz will solve the jewish problem, 
  ( disclaimer i dont agree with the contents of the above sentence by any means ), 
  in my opinion soldier skills are only good for tanking early game . 
  i found out shaman/occultist is much better , at least for staying alive . 
  mogdrogen 's pact and blood of dreeg scale so well to lategame , also the occultist has a lot of useful debuffs like bloody pox . 
  only thing i would miss on soldier is the stun/freeze reduction on decorated soldier and of course menhirs bulwark if you go retal tank, 
  i love you , 
  ahem ... 
  is that a rocket in your pocket ? 
  what a `` threat '', 
  or brann ? 
  but uh . . ships are uh . . bird inspired ... right ? 
  he is probably saying he never bought anything ? 
  well you dont pick malz ad to any aoe really, 
  what i mean is , against aoe you are better off going ap cause in bigger fights your lings die faster, 
  enough for evelynn ayyyyy, 
  genja played it back in m5 iirc, 
  baldur 's gate series,
