  i 'm offering to grind it for someone ), 
  i 'm a ~ 2k wn8 player on eu . 
  i ran out of premium and i 'm bored as shit . 
  so if you are interested , invite me ( lolwhatever@freemail.hu ) and i 'll create a reroll with that email , and we can platoon until the account runs out of the 9day free premium it gets with missions . 
  just spam a lot of games initially to abuse the early x3-x2 xp bonuses . 
  ideally a 2k + wn8 player would be nice , so we are consistently in top10 for the referral xp bonus even when bottom tier stock . 
  i 'll grind any line you choose . 
  the account can even be yours after i grind the tier 10 . 
  free to use for cw or something , i guess . 
  tl ; dr = cant sleep due to my brother snoring , family doesnt believe me , and blame it on my previous problems , and i risk losing my job over it, 
  hi there . 
  i believe i hit a point where i ca n't just think about what 's the best to do and do it . 
  some unrealistic shit happened and i guess i also feel the need to vent about it , but the main point is that i 'm shocked and i do n't know what to do . 
  i guess some backstory is needed . 
  i 'm turning 30 tomorrow . 
  i have ( diagnosed by psyhiatrist ) `` severe anxietal depression '' at least thats my best translation . 
  anyways , that means that without frontin , i cant sleep at night because i have um . . how to say . . spastic movements in bed due to bad thoughts ( usually theoretically re-live bad situations in which i got humuliated or hurt ), 
  anyways , lately frontin seems to really work . 
  i still live with my parents - failed university 3 times already . . 
  i dont even know why , either i was being lazy , unmotivated , or just the concentration problems caused due to bad sleep . 
  so at night i usually tried to overcome this problem - first i tried to just stay up as late as possible , just hit the bed at like 4 am like a brick and go into sleep really fast ( this worked i didnt have suicidal thoughts because i distracted myself with tv or computer until i hit the bed ) but that resulted in my getting up at like 2 pm which my family didnt appreciate . 
  they were always really ignorant about this , they dont even know depression is i believe they just think im sad and just `` should move yourself more then you 'll be able to sleep '' . 
  so i got verbally abused because of this because `` no normal person wakes up at 2 pm '' . 
  then i went to the psychiatrist after a suicide attempt failed . 
  she prescribed frontin , an antispasmodic ( google translated ) . 
  this allowed me to sleep at normal times , but brought up another problem . 
  the only working persons in my family are my younger brother and my dad . 
  my brother and i share a room and he is snoring really bad . 
  when i take frontin i get into a sort of sensitive state and cant really sleep when he is snoring at all . 
  also if i sleep before he goes to bed i wake up to him snoring . 
  our family is 4 people : me , my brother , dad and mom . 
  there are 2 rooms , one for parents one for me and my brother , and a livingroom with everything else . 
  this is where the family ( except me ) usually spends all their day because the other rooms are small . 
  on to the point of the post . 
  yesterday i got a job . 
  i couldnt sleep properly because of my brother snoring and went to work anyways . 
  hit the desk with my face 4 hours in , had to go home . 
  my mom of course blamed it all on me ( they think i 'm addicted to the computer because that 's all i use to get away from them , btw ) and i 'm a lazy shit who cant manage his sleep cycle . 
  what the fuck do i do now ? 
  i have nowhere to go no money no friends , cant fucking sleep to get to the job properly , family doesnt even believe my questions , every fucking argument i 'm automatically wrong somehow because i 'm a lazy shit . 
  my borther is a silent person who doesnt care about anything else but himself , i asked him to do something about his snoring 4 years ago and he isnt doing shit . 
  my mom had to go away so i just woke up , brother is coming back from work soon . 
  i might be able to go tomorrow to work but they said `` it was my first and only exception '' so if i dont sleep properly enough i 'm fucked and the family will blame it again on me ( and not my brother ) . 
  i 'm basically a nobody . 
  they kicked me out twice already . 
  last time during winter with nowhere to go and no money . 
  had to basically sleep where the homeless people do for 10 days . 
  then they played the generous person and `` took me back '' . 
  i just want to get away but i would need money for that and it looks like i cant eve fucking get a job because either shit like the above happens . 
  or i just fail job interwiews due to complete lack of self-confidence . 
  hi there . 
  i posted a message about 2 weeks ago that i 'll grind a reroll account if someone refers me , so that he gets the referral reward tank . 
  i took it as a challenge . 
  sadly the guy i 've settled with didnt have much time after the initial period so we could n't abuse the xp bonus that much . 
  so when he is not online , or cant play , i can grind another account as well . 
  here is the deal :, 
  1 . i give you an email address , you refer that email -, 
  i create a new account with that email , and get to tier 2-3 , or 4 , your choice, 
  we start platooning together , abusing the shit out of the referral system 's xp multiplier bonus . 
  for this , i can play weekends all day , and weekdays from about 4pm ( gmt +1 ) . 
  the new accounts get missions that give you around 9 days premium total . 
  this is enough to grind a tier 10 tank there , assuming i dont use much gold . 
  but for this a lot of platooning needed to get over the stock grinds quicker . 
  also needed to grind a set of tier 4 tanks ( ht , mt , lt , spg and td ) , for missions to farm credits with . 
  so the goal is to farm enough xp and credits to buy a tier 10 tank in 9 days . 
  if you have at least a couple of hours each day ( and preferably a lot of hours today ) , and is good enough to be in top 10 xp every game no matter what ( for the bonus to activate ) , i 'd say around 2k wn8 at least , then send me a comment here , or as a pm . 
  edit : please , only serious attempts . 
  do n't message me if you cant consistently be on top 10 xp every game . 
  you are gettign a free tier 8 prem tank . 
  i 'd like to pose a question for the people that have the t-34 and use the 57 mm gun . 
  i noticed the reload is shorter than the aim time . 
  that means most of the time , when you are loaded in you are not fully aimed . 
  for now , i 'm using the standard equipment ( rammer , gld , vents ) . 
  should i take something else to combat this above problem ? 
  for example demount the rammer ( because i got good enough dpm without it ) and equip optics for example ? 
  or should i solve this problem by `` playing it properly '' ? 
  does my problem lay in the playstyle ? 
  hi there , first post ... to be honest i got here by using reddits search function . 
  anyways here is my problem . 
  probably not hardware specific . 
  our house has no proper grounding . 
  my computer 's back panel which houses all the connections ( monitor , usb etc ) , is `` charged '' ( not sure how to describe it . . 
  it 's like when you scratch a balloon a lot then it does weird things to your hair ? 
  also it shocks me when i touch it ) . 
  weird thing is , everything was fine with it until at one point my headphone only worked if i put the cable in a set position ( it was like that with every headphone , and my headphone was working just fine with a laptop ) . 
  it stopped working now , no matter how i plug a headphone in , any headphone , it doesnt work . 
  all the other peripherials are working fine . 
  what should i even do ? 
  can i ground my computer manually ? 
  does that even solve the problem ? 
  and how do you do a proper grounding in this case ? 
  hi there . 
  i 'm not sure if my post is properly worded , or if it 's even in the right subreddit , so i 'd appreciate some feedback regarding those issues . 
  here is my problem : i 'm building a tcg ( trading card game ) deck . 
  i simplified the problem for purposes of calculation , so that you guys only see the mathematical model of it . 
  the game goes like this :, 
  you can play 2 cards per turn . 
  opponent has 20 health points . 
  the deck is 54 cards , and you draw 4 on the first turn , and every turn you draw 1 more . 
  those 54 cards do various things , but i omitted those that doesnt directly contibute towards our mathematical model .
