  as an eve player i learned to minimize the weaknesses and maximize strengths ( building tanky ad/hybrid to be useful in endgame and utilize ulti , buying gp10 and building shurelyas once in a while etc ) . 
  the problem is , my eve is still not as versatile as a warwick , for example . 
  on the bright side , the masquerade has the best tits in the game hands down . 
  as an eve player i have to agree . 
  one thing to mention though , even though someonecan do a thing better than her , that champion might be more vulnerable to a certain comp eve can be useful against . 
  so it 's more complicated , but your point still stands . 
  i 'd rephrase it that she has nothing that she can do better than any other champion , except for lurking . 
  most of the other champs are more usefull overall . 
  that said , i can imagine a team comp built around her , but that 's maybe just my mania :d, 
  i see your point as well ( `` dude what the pros say are not the bible '' ) but i uncerstand that a perfect guide from a pro is impossible because of various reasons : one of them being the lack of time/concentration the rush to get a working website , another one being that a true pro doesnt tell all his secrets :d, 
  argh , i have nightmares from the games i couldnt pick him up err . . just like sivir right after rework . 
  taric stun + clear boomerang ... where is your hp bro, 
  er , , , i cant , i 'm an architect stunent ... that means i live on monster and snacks and i sleep 2 hours a day lol, 
  i dont think so , , you sacrifice your lategame for early game advantage ? 
  it 's like sacrificing endgame ( material ) to obtain positional advantage ( kills , burned flashes etc ), 
  did i ever played with you ? 
  to get an all-aroud webpage people will visit = wil get money from ad wiews, 
  hm , then i probably misunderstood/mistranslated the word `` positional '' . 
  but . . you get it , playing the kg is risky as playing evelyn :d, 
  erm ... thats true , my bad . 
  but still : liquid mains ap mid and is good at it :d, 
  i do n't know , i 'm just guessing . 
  i think elementz and crs were kind of jelly about solomid.net ad revenue , so they made their own fast . 
  fuck , this sounds very rude - . -, 
  oh and i played malphite and got that nice double kill when we were down like 14 kills ? 
  well , our team was like raging before and during the game on mumble , so i didnt really want to pick up an unusual champ , that would have caused havoc , so i said i go top , it 's my best role , at least in solo queue ... 
  not really . 
  i meant staying away from ward/oracle range then surprisebuttfuck the enemy team in a teamfight with ult and/or shurelyas/yoyo/ghost :d, 
  stop thinking oracles counter eve lol . 
  this is not general discussion , please go there with your bad jokes . 
  on a second thought , you might want to just dont write it anywhere next time , for i 'm sure this joke is outdated and overused on gd too, 
  `` conter kassa with morg '' lol, 
  i guess that was my last game in that team, 
  * higfives *, 
  what makes you think we are interested in an ama ? 
  the problem is , people wont have much to ask , you better off with an explanation or a little story post about it . 
  making an ama is always used for huge question variety , like `` i got 40 wins in a row ama '' or `` sesson 1 bronze , season 2 plat ama '' . 
  i just take gp and q the creeps my carry ca n't :d, 
  visage + maw seems like pretty much core nowadays on the croco, 
  doesnt work . 
  90 % if the time they respond with something like `` i dont give a fuck '' . 
  ghost heal ala scy . . suck it , triple heal ( spamming q meanwhile ), 
  not to mention abyssal ... 
  and thats why i never pick healers bot lane . 
  or even if i do , i tell them i wont level heal, 
  anyone who can kill champions easily , that must be some half bursty , half sustained damage champ . 
  easily hm ? 
  what if you could sneak right up into their faces undetected ? 
  try evelynn !, 
  really the easiest champion ever . 
  you press w , walk up to them , e on them , then spam q. bam , dead . 
  i 've been playing this game since vlad and still dont have a fucking clue about what the fuck orbwalk is . 
  what areas . . hm ... 
  just planting the seeds , 
  nice try , karma whore, 
  not a single build was correct lmao, 
  wow , awesome drawing style, 
  three phantom dancers and an ie is no way better than pd pd ie + lw . 
  you got no atmas with so much health ... ashe 2 ie lmao . 
  when she already had 2 pd + ie she would be better with a black cleaver . 
  these guys just dont know how to build . 
  edit : brand build is ok . 
  and if you are ahead you can still buy dcap :d, 
  i think its the best skill on her lol, 
  ap plank with 1000 ap and rylias . 
  ult = pentakill for our carry, 
  anyone else had a mindflash of belt + spear + knife horadric cube recipe ? 
  i was playing evelynn one day and arrived in the lane to gank , she said `` time to feeeeeeeeeeed ! '', 
  then proceeded to die in a pillar of flame, 
  masquerade eve ... only thing missing is nipples, 
  erm , obviously e, 
  / thread, 
  meh , if we got a mana hungry junger ( fiddle , mumu ) then i run malz with some mres and the rest ap/lvl , rushing tear + ionian boots and i never need blue . 
  * instalocks evelynn *, 
  come at me bro, 
  eh , until she tumbles into a veigar stun, 
  didnt need to open this link , already knew what was behind it . 
  looks like i was right too . 
  ok , lets rephrase it :, 
  full endgame builds arent worth shit if you are less skilled than the enemy or make a small endgame mistake . 
  i 've 2shot a 35/2 xin once with morde endgame . 
  you might ask , how did he get into my ult range ? 
  the answer is gragas ult . 
  positioning mistake . 
  bam , game lost . 
  just saying . 
  ah and also counter builds , like frozen heart + randuins + thornmail ww and that vayne is fucked . 
  duo q with a friend who is skilled enough you can gank his lane and snowball . 
  push to tower , then 2man gank mid . 
  or at bot lane , play tanky junglers ( or high mobility ones , for example malphite/cho or lee sin/any assasin ) , then simply show up in lane , push and dive . 
  or pick counterjungler/duelers ( mundo/shyvana/udyr ) and fuck up the enemy jungler , making him unable to gank . 
  hivemind . 
  also his personality ( not giving a fuck and shit ) is more appealing to be sypathized with , just like - for example - al bundy . 
  we all know al bundy is a bad person overall , and makes rude jokes , behaves like an asshole , but we feel sympathy , do n't we ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong though , i might have to rephrase my entire comment because my online vocabulary of choice is not complete enough to literally translate words , had to work around , hope u get it :(, 
  i 'm more interseted in picking smite for mids who doesnt need ignite . 
  supersafe blue donates , easier blue steals , mid often comes to secure dragon , makes it faster too . 
  also can be used in lane for fast macro tricks ( you are hiding behind minions from morgana , you think you are safe , she quckly sends out a bind then smites the minion in its way , and bam , you are dead . 
  can be used with high spell vamp champs to get some hp back instatly , can be used to counterjungle more effectively , even with champions not really suitable for it ( for example lux ), 
  definitely .
