  holy shit, 
  instead of writing the playmaker 's name on the screen you could try highlighting the champ of him somehow so we can immediately see who to focus our attention on . 
  holy fuck what a great track, 
  also , who the fuck deleted all the dragons, 
  yeah , one of the better aspects of depression ( at least my depression ) was that i stopped caring about so many things lol, 
  i second the poster above . 
  get a hobby that involves being around people . 
  i had the exact same problem as you not long ago , picked up a tcg and went to tourneys it did wonders . 
  it is you are just salty, 
  bwhahahaaahah you entitled little shit . 
  and download the in the wake of gods unofficial expansion . 
  how is that racism ? 
  eyyyyyy :d, 
  thanks for the post . 
  maybe someone else also wo n't harm him/herself today, 
  see , you are useful already , 
  bias . 
  1 . you asked for the word not advice, 
  i didnt implay anything . 
  if `` people are beging stupid '' maybe the correct step is to rethink yourself . 
  maybe you are the stupid one . 
  no you should have just stfu 'd, 
  no you did not, 
  holy shit ... 
  yeah unlike vi ult ... / s, 
  at level 6, 
  its not about the counterplay , at least my comment isnt , i was referring to how unfun it is, 
  you could do that from full concrete and just put on the surface as decoration but i guess that would be kinda fake, 
  more like '50s , but makes no difference really, 
  i suppose that is true . 
  i still have a hard time describing the is-3 as a ww2 tech , but i guess that is because we use the expression `` ww2 era '' differently . 
  i mean demolish the whole thing and rebuild it from concrete lol, 
  at one point it was , not so much anymore, 
  yeah apocalypot was awesome , but i feel like its more because of the camerawork and the colors/background, 
  i get it , but would you call me a 90s kid if i were born in 1999 december 29 ? 
  i 'm 29 so this is not a factual example , but since the tank was used majorly after ww2 , i 'd call it post-ww2 tech . 
  i realize its nitpicking but come on , i 'm not wrong , you arent either , we just think differently . 
  why do people have to always assume one side of the argument is wrong and the other is right ? 
  cmon . . 
  fuck yes i do tho, 
  reddit in a nutshell, 
  you dont have to convince me mate . 
  for tanks that have been in use for so long , i would pick a decade ( say '70s ) where it was most widely used and call it that , a '70s tank . 
  and a week later in sargon 's channel, 
  i feel like you spam taunt every game, 
  the car itself is indeed a car from the 60s but i wouldnt call it a 60s car because no one ever drove it in the 60s ( in the ww2 context ), 
  on the bright side , at least now you have an experience you 'll remember for the rest of your life . 
  my dad call these `` wasted '' money `` tuition fee '', 
  same here . 
  frontin helped a lot . 
  like . . not going close to water ? 
  i misunderstood your question then , i thought you mean in general . 
  i guess you are in this exact sutiation then whatever you can remember is better than drowning anyways so it doesnt hurt to try . . :d, 
  very well though :d, 
  for me its :, 
  s1 gold, 
  s2 bronze, 
  s3 plat, 
  s4 gold, 
  s5 gold, 
  s6 . . plat3 atm aiming for dia, 
  beat that lul, 
  especially as support, 
  and when they finally do they get zilean ulted by me :d, 
  i remember climbing gold with crit eve lul, 
  no , there was elo for as long as i remember playing the game ( since middle of s1 ), 
  ayy are you on eune ? 
  on which server . . if you know what i mean . . ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm slowly overcoming my demons . 
  when they removed eve stun . 
  not because it was unjustified ; its because we had to wait a year or more before the rework . 
  the champ was completely useless in that time . 
  you look very similar in attractiveness, 
  how about valkrin ? 
  64 my ass . 
  please dont abuse psa thanks, 
  probably cait too imo, 
  what ping ? 
  he is in na atm, 
  which has nothing to do with crit so you better go armorpen instead, 
  lategame you nuke all squishies with base damages alone m8, 
  find an ally . 
  and marry her, 
  no idea how to path my jungle ( i 'm an eve main ) , no idea how to itemize especially when behind . . and i got 120k mastery and level 7 emblem lol, 
  i remember leekspin i should be dead right ? 
  uh ... context ? 
  fuck i want to hike :(, 
  this shit must be new . . about 2 years ago i moved 300 kms and lived there uninterrupted for a year . 
  nothing happened to my acc . 
  ok next time try not to brag about boosting in silver lmao, 
  yeah no you are . 
  hmm that makes sense, 
  sell the harley and buy 25 cheaper biker from the price that produce .1 % of the noise ? 
  older ???? 
  can confirm judit and zsuzsa ( susan ) are two very different persons lol, 
  you mean it looks exactly like winamp lol, 
  nowadays as eve i see more zac ban than anything . 
  zac got nerfed though as well , so i dont know , maybe 31 months later when soloq catches up maybe they stop bannign it, 
  i mean cait has advantage on those toptier ads u mentioned,
