  typical case of dunning-kruger syndrome . 
  nothing special , if you think about it . 
  except they arent evel , they just dont know how to behave . 
  it does work on the hd tanks in game . 
  i dont know which settings you have to make , but i have seen various streamers playing various hd tanks with independently modeled roadwheels ( orzanel is-7 for example ) . 
  my computer sadly cant do better than minimum settings so i can only speak about others , though . 
  but its definitely here . 
  not near the gun , it can be penned with ~ 150 pen reliably , just like on t150 and kv3, 
  fuck if i know then . 
  it 's my claim against tankinspector . 
  all i know is i remember i penned kv4 easy , many times , frontally , shooting for the mantlet near the gun . 
  with the e25 gun and many russian 122 mm guns , too . 
  that might be either because tankopedia is wrong or my memory is . 
  i dont know . 
  i 'll report you back if i get to play the e25 vs. a kv4 again . 
  or we could try on the eu server in a custom game ... 
  you can also aim for the track pieces on the pike nose , they can be penned facing him frontally , not sure how close you have to be , though . 
  you can see a shot there http://youtu.be/t-813yrnjyq?t=2m33s, 
  the commentary is in hungarian but the action is what matters . 
  dude he is just an ignorant dipshit , just block him and move on ... 
  who talked about them ? 
  not by me , we are on the end of a comment chain started by me , sherlock, 
  sigh . . 
  the flames are a nice touch . 
  i see you use flash in botgames , why ? 
  well to be honest there are many champs i dont take flash with ( yi , udyr , most non-initiator junglers , tank toplaners like nasus , but judging by the mostly predictable nature of bots i dont take flash in botgames ever , and i saw many people doing this too . 
  i thought its common to not take flash in botgames so thats why i asked . 
  yea that , and his base stats are massive . 
  it shows critical hits twice becouse once it says `` critical '' and then it displays the amount . 
  basically one hit displayed in 2 rows . 
  its called effective armor calculator , its in aslains pack, 
  s35 would love pref mm, 
  well the b2 has tier 4 max matches and the s35 has tier 5 max . . 
  i got one for 6k dmg blocked . . in my amx 40, 
  `` i like it when they screeeeeeeam '', 
  rip my stun ; _ ;, 
  thats cause they are using the wrong runeset , lol, 
  i remember i was 1v7 at one point and i even had the time to open chat and type `` quack quack motherfuckers '' in chat . 
  88 all the way with gold ammo . 
  the dpm is insane and it 's decently accurate as well . 
  just wait until he gets the 75 , he will cry tears of joy, 
  yeah , i 'm a straight male but i watched every episode of gilmore girls . 
  i like to think it was because of the cool cultural references and good humor , but in reality ... yeah ... 
  well if the hetzer is shooting ap at me from the howitzer he kinda deserves it lol, 
  the gun looks decent , i wonder how it will do and what kind of crew it will carry . 
  considering that the pz 4 h has the same gun with better rof in exchange for a little armor and a little bit better turret traverse , i think i can safely say the pz 4 h outperforms the 3/4 in every way . 
  e-25 all the way . 
  fun , decent moneymaker and a good crew trainer , too . 
  it 's all i want , basically . 
  in addition it is basically an amx 13 75 without the turret but double the dpm and pref mm . 
  lol i take the beauty to tier 10 battles without any problems ( i just do what a 1375 would do in a tier 10 game . . passive scouting into lategame assassination ), 
  its e25 with alpha and armor , really nice . 
  ( although it lacks wiewrange compared to the king of invisitanks ), 
  what equipment you use on b2 ? 
  im confused because it doesnt need gld , cant mount rammer . . 
  the tank from the side always looked like some elephant in pyjamas, 
  yup . 
  not sure about the weight and the gun depression , but no matter how heavier the 3/4 is , its not worth it . 
  maybe for a fun tank . . but then again you will get into t7 battles and they will anally abuse you so hard its not funny anymore, 
  i figured . 
  but the tank feels so shit compared to b1 , is tht because i only got a 99 % crew in it ? 
  does it get better with bia and repair ? 
  you should see a stock t-60 reload time . 
  it is about 45sec flat with 100 % crew but if they damage your ammorack and loader it can get near 2 min for a drum of pew pew ammo, 
  the / s is there for a reason man :d, 
  please , you got a tech tree , wiki , and google . . 
  he doesnt type the answers though, 
  so i can ult then dfg with malz ?? 
  holy shit ... brb testing it, 
  another high forehead girl . 
  i 'm too much fond of these ... 
  he is probably confusing it with another gun from the same line . 
  fomr tier 7 onwards the t54e1 is the only tank that shoots ap/apcr , others shoot apcr/heat . 
  ^ -- yup, 
  what do you mean `` again '' ? 
  this is my only comment in this post . 
  besides thats not my point . 
  neither is the tanks ammo type . 
  please try to be a bit less condescending next time . 
  edit : after reading through the comments on this it seems like its my fault , i misunderstood you . 
  i take it back, 
  still , his correction made no addition to the point , so he had no right to act like that . 
  `` wrong , again '' sound very rude . 
  he better has a reason to be rude like that . 
  in my experience the best tank to pad stats in , is the m3 light , soviet tier 3pref light tank . 
  with 85 % crew and some gold ammo i easily do 6k wn8 a game . 
  then i misunderstood !, 
  i apologize !, 
  you sure diablo 3 has similar satisfactions of diablo 2 ? 
  i heard it is nothing like it which made me disinclined to play it, 
  oh boy i 'd like to join . 
  might retrain my 581 % german crew to leichttraktor for it . 
  it will be glorious . 
  i count the additional crew skills . 
  i would love to exchange my t-34-2 for a type59, 
  can confirm e75 is a nightmare to play against when im in my is6, 
  he is far too kind !, 
  can i get an encore ? 
  more like minerals . . 
  obviously not , but the community was so unanimously supportive i though i can make this stretch .
