  must have been 3 years ago when i werent playing the game , i heard there were some weird mm back then , . 
  but yeah since 2013 nov , nope , it only gets t5 max . 
  also proof or gtfo . 
  so is the pz1c ? 
  i dunno , i played a lot of confrontations with swarm of borsigs against is3-s , and most of the time is3s won because they just rushed us, 
  saw a russian guy getting a top gun in a t6 game with m8a1 , we wanted to give him radley walters at the end but he said `` i no good english , i cap , no ammo '' my heart melted, 
  thats so gay , as an is6 player that must have been a bad match . . 
  well except if you spam gold , but for me , it was my first good credit maker so . . didnt really like those matches :d, 
  i think its more like the t-rex looks like godzilla . 
  jurassic park 2 came after this film and in that the t-rex looks way more similar to godzilla than in the first film , plus at the end of the film he wrecks a city like . . uhm , . . you know . 
  oh really ? 
  strange , i recall an article in a movie megazine back then that stated that the only thing the `` t-rex in town '' scene got into it ( it wasnt in the book ) was because spielberg was `` jelly '' that he didnt get to make godzilla . 
  thats why i thought godzilla was first . 
  yeah that thing is basically an arl v39 with turret and armor lol . 
  i will need a russian heavy crew later , to put something in my is6 in case my jt88 is in battle and i want mad cash . 
  but that most likely will be the kv2 i think . 
  in terms of enjoyment what is the difference between t-62a and abjext 140 ? 
  thanks for the info . 
  yeah but the point is , i dont really wan na play heavy tanks at all , especially slow ones , because i cant stand getting hit because another tank thinks its great to park right behind me while i peek around the corner . 
  well , with a td i can just seek another bush , same with arty , with mediums and lights im always in motion anyway . 
  yeah but the 105mm is better of a gun ^ ^, 
  yeah they were allies lol, 
  if so , the lower front can be pennable with ~ 150 pen regularly . 
  read the sidebar, 
   no memes , reaction gifs , rage comics , etc. 
  you mean fcm 50t , not amx . 
  yes . 
  i love my alecto . 
  i said , if so . 
  jeez ,, 
  if you have to explain the joke , its a shit joke, 
  not every time . 
  . . something something tog, 
  stupidity annoys me to no end . 
  i mean , the fun factor of the joke comes form the fact that you discover some clever , interesting or funny stuff hidden ( this thie the cold war thing ) and that makes you laugh ( or just have fun ) . 
  now that the joke has been explained it feels like the `` fun '' has been spoonfed to me and that takes away the fun factor isnt it ? 
  its just like , you dont feel proud when you pass an exam where you cheated all over it . 
  obviously ( i think ) , the better player you are , the more frequent the `` monster games '' you are . 
  it 's consistency . 
  depends on tank though , or sometimes outside things . 
  like , yesterday , for some unknown reason with my su-100 i got mostly tier 6 games . 
  i had a 70 % winrate on them despite being an 51 % player . 
  dont think i could win that many t8 games . 
  being good is being able to exploit enemy mistakes and the better you are the more mistakes you see , so a `` monster game '' is just capitalizing on enemy mistakes , be it intentional or random . 
  as you learn to play you are able to have better games because you see you are able to take a shot there , secure this flank here . . etc. 
  and these are all adding up . 
  haha churchill 3 so good . 
  hold w and left mouse button . 
  point mouse on enemy . 
  collect tears . 
  benny hill theme when you circle a lowe in your elc, 
  exactly my point . 
  . . then i unload apcr onto his lfp . 
  / u/here _ comes_the_king, 
  third time is the charm ? 
  the background remints me of the conflux town background from heroes iii . 
  our family has a 30 year old one . . 
  i forgot to add : it still makes just as good coffee :d, 
  aka u wan na get carried all day . 
  . . with eyelashes . 
  speed typing i guess . 
  already have you tagged as `` magyar '' tho :d, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm actually curious about the other events that day too . 
  looking to have some fun :d, 
  thats kinda disappointing as those codes are available on the internet for free . . 
  you dont, 
  dunno , not really its also very long so if you side hug they can just shot ur rear lol, 
  or just buy a pz1c, 
  misleading title much ? 
  long enough for the enemy to shoot at :d, 
  with m60 as a requirement , so many people would queue up !, 
  yeah maybe not even russians . 
  but i almost never side/rear hug german , us or french tanks . 
  elitist piece of shit, 
  and the apcr has nearly the same pen as a bl-9, 
  gun is ridiculously broken , 3.7 sec reload on a gun that has 160 alpha is really nice especially that the he shell has unusually large alpha ( 280 ) . 
  not once i oneshot flakbuses with it . . and also tier 3-4 tanks . 
  i carry 50-50 % on ap and he shells , it almost always meets tanks that can oneshot . 
  loader doesnt really have much usefull skills for td anyways , so id say its okay to have 1-2 less skills on loader than on the overall . 
  i have an 544 % crew in my e25 , the remainign 2 guys in wte100 are like 330 % and they are prefectly fine, 
  yeh but this one has fast shell travel and good ap pen still . 
  i mean heck , u-11 has 450 he damage yes but no one uses ap on it because that has like 60-80 pen ? 
  this one has 119 or 120 ap pen while still maintaining good he pen and daamage . 
  i was going to describe that both he and ap are viable , unlike ... almost any other gun, 
  dunno , reminst me a lot of dicker max, 
  damn . 
  the alecto is fucking broken on tier 4 already . . cant imagine it on tier 3 . not even with `` balancing '' it, 
   if you 're within 445m of an enemy tank and they are within line-of-sight , firing generally will reveal your position as it removes the camo . 
  yes , even with a camo net . 
  ahahah fucking bullshit , how come i can fire an enemy on 200 m unspotted , in a bush , camoed , in a t49/e25/hellcat / alecto ? 
  still , a misleading statement . 
  actually , the derp is not the strongest gun on it ( its the 6 pdr ) , derp could stay with accuracy nerfs , much like how the huge derpgun is on a tier 3 td with good viewrange ala t82, 
  i got 1400 damage in a t18 , is that impressive ? 
  damn but that was like more than 80 % of the hp of the entire enemy team ... 
  bring up a crew to the desired level in a smaller tier tank where it doesnt matter that you have no 6th sense . 
  for example , i needed a 6th sense crew in my t71 , so i retrained my hellcat crew for it . 
  but now the t25/2 has no crew to put it in , so i 'm playing t49 for a while to get a decent crew for it, 
  maybe you are bitter, 
  maybe you dont have a tog,
