  ( note : currently i have a level 38 ~ ~ amazon ~ ~ ~ ~ assassin ~ ~ vanquisher and a level 22 ~ ~ barbarian ~ ~ destroyer ), 
  what are the ways of increasing the weapon 's dps other than filling sockets ? 
  since there are spells that deal the weapon 's dps the best way to increase them is to get a fastest as weapon and apply flat damage ? 
  what are other ways of increasing spell damage that scels with wepon dps ? 
  for example the destoyer 's titan stomp deals cold damage , so for example `` increases all cold damage by x % '' works ? 
  what about non-specified damage like aura of thorns ? 
  what are gold used mainly for ? 
  i mean , i spend all of it on gems after each recall , then use enchant once in a while , but that 's it ... 
  is chaos gems with unworthy stats ( like 10 or so health ) worth to collect ? 
  are gems worth to combine ... or collect at all ? 
  currently i own a weapon that has 81 hp steal on hit , level req of 21 and obtaining these stats with skulls would take forever to get ... 
  if i have a weapon that deals poison and physical damage and has added cold damage as a magic property , what will count towards a skill 's damage that scales with dps ? 
  again , is it worth to get a high as item that has added flat elemental dmg to get high weapon dps ? 
  there are skills that scale with weapon damage and not dps . . that means it 's better to have a low as high dmg weapon right ? 
  regarding skill builds . . what spells can crit ( i mean , is there a logic ... like auras not critting ) other than the obvious ones like explosive shot ? 
  is it worth to max crit % to increase spell damage ? 
  is it worth to max or invest in weapon/armor expertise at all ? 
  is gold/magic find worth it ? 
  as gained by other items than weapons ( like there is an armor that gives 18 % as ) count towards weapon dps ( and with that , spell damage ) ? 
  how important are normal autoattacks ( left clikcing ) with certain character builds ? 
  is there a difference in aa reliance ? 
  ( for example i had a vanquisher spamming explosive shot and thats all ... got boring after a while ... ), 
  edit +1 : is enchantments bought at goren worth it , or how to do this smart ? 
  like . . minimizing the danger of disenchantment ? 
  and last of all , can you give me sample skill/item builds ? 
  hi reddit , i 'm wakka and i 'm 1100 elo atm , and i have an interesting story to tell . 
  about an hour ago i queued up for ranked solo . 
  i met a french duo q ( lastpick + firstpick ) . 
  i said beforehand i prefer jungle or top , firstpick locked in irelia and said let his mate jungle . 
  ehh . 
  whatever . 
  then the second guy locks in fizz . . third pick varus ... ooookay . 
  i 'll go jungle i say . 
  i lock in yi . 
  strange . . no flame from lastpick , he goes taric . 
  then fizz says he is on skype and he adds us etc. 
  hm , okay . 
  at the start of the game 4 of us on skype and game goes in a good mood . 
  except everyone loses his lane . 
  top irelia vs their darius , mid fizz vs annie , only bot graves ( who wasnt on skype ) holds even but tric dies a bit too much early . 
  we coordinate ganks , tric towerdives mid - fail . 
  i fail every gank . 
  every gank . 
  at one point i was 0/7/3 . 
  and here is the kicker . 
  they say `` farm top yi , you need farm '' not `` omg noob yi report '' . 
  we talk about counter itemizing ( `` graves buy ga plz '' `` ok '' ) , tactics ( `` guys im going to push bot , defend mid '' ), 
  i kept splitpushing and we kept haveing 4v5 fights at mid , mostly losing , but every fight was like they killed 4 for 3 and 1 tower while i pushed 2 towers , and this happened 3 times . 
  eventually i had second highest cs with a 0/10 kda ... and nobody flamed a singe word !, 
  this is 1100 elo we are speaking about . 
  they said `` back '' , `` care '' , `` focus darius '' ( the fucker went bt lw ga lol ) , etc. 
  the strangest think is that they kept listening to me , even though icame up with the most ridiculous tactics ideas and i was `` feeding '' . 
  ( at one point i said `` we cant fight 5v5 we are too behind , but they must defend , bait them out adn i back door !, 
  our fizz immediately showed up mid baiting enemy darius + annie out , making an unfair fight but then i took bot inhib and they confused and we took them one by one that fight ... ), 
  ** tl ; dr ** : so , out of - i can say - 100 games i had one perfect game where i was feeding and everyone was okay with that , they even listened to me and did what i said . 
  it restored my slightly biased opinion about this elo range and reminded me why i love to play this game regardless of elo . 
  i shared this story so others can see too , and maybe changing their opinions about the playability of this elo , especially if some of you come up with similar stories . 
  what made you guys change your mids about this community/game ? 
  hello / r/frugal ,, 
  i 've been living in an environment where me and my family count every forint ( hungarian currency ) and watch where we spend , what we buy etc. 
  so you might assume we go to the shop watching for sales , and looking for the cheapest everywhere . 
  this is not entirely true , as my father taught me ( when i was very little ) that if you want to spare money , you might want to calculate a bit and buy the more expensive one . . 
  for example right now i use a pair of lacoste boots for 12000 fts ( about 60 dollars ) which is , to put in perspective , 1/10 of the family 's monthly income . 
  people migh think `` oh you are so poor , wtf are you doing in a so expensive boots '' . . 
  i could buy boots for about 2000 fts ( ~ 10 dollars ) but let me tell you one thing . 
  i had * these * kind of boots for ten years and what i can say is that many times , even though they are 1/6 the cost . . they wont last 1/6 the time !, 
  i had to buy a new boots every 3 month or so , because they were so bad in quality . 
  that is 4 boots a year . 
  i use this lacoste pair for more than 2 years ... and it was only 6 times the cost ... during these 2 years i would have bought 8 `` cheap '' boots . 
  so , over time , buying the `` very expensive '' boots ( which is in perfect condition over 2 years of use ) turned out to be the cheaper choice . 
  so our family now thinks this way every time we buy something . 
  we went so far , we calculated that buying our very own bread maker machine instead of buying bread from a shop every day , pays off itself in about 6-8 months . 
  so after this period we make bread for half a price !, 
  i could go on and tell better examples ( like buying longer lasting materials for the house renewal , more expensive but healthy food etc ) but i 'm sure you figured out the philosophy by now . 
  happy calculating :d, 
  hi there / r/leagueoflegends ,, 
  i 'm wakka and i need your opinion on something slightly lol related . 
  i need to describe the irl situation first though . 
  i live in hungary , in a lower middle class family with 3 children , which i am the oldest ( i 'll be 26 in january ) . 
  my two younger brothers are 25 and 20 . 
  i am currently unemployed and seeking for a job ( which is harder with my unability to do physical work that is any harder than taking heavy bags home from shop . . ) the little brother is in school , the 25 year old has a part-time job . 
  we live in an environment where everything outside the `` family needs '' is a luxury ( that means rare ) . 
  so basically the only reason we got internet is that we needed that for schools . 
  i finished that ( got an useless `` architecture technician '' degree . . ) so i 'm sitting home doing casual jobs like `` paperboying '' ( is that a word ? ), 
  the thing is , we have a house which is in pretty bad condition ( like . . falling apart ) so it eats all of our surplus money plus demands more . 
  since i 'm at home i work on it with my father and brothers , but it could be better with any plus money , so everyone in the family ( even my little brother who is in school ) is seacrhing for jobs , or any opportunities right now . 
  that leads me to my question . 
  can i attract enough wiewers to make it worth it to stream ? 
  i can do it on my free time ( mostly in evenings when im exhausted from working on the house anyway ) but i need to know , given this situation , is it benefical to the stream ( think phantomlord ) if i mention i kinda . . need the money or should i just . . stream ? 
  and what kind of stream would you like to see ? 
  since the clg/tsm streamlist ( which i usually browse ) is full of high elo players , and i 'm not one i think i 'm in kind of a need to provide some . . extra or unusual content . 
  some fact describing what i play :, 
  i like to play ranked solo/duoq tryharding ( although i 'm at 1250 elo atm with more than 1300 wins . . 
  i know i suck at some parts , but maybe the wiewers ... can advice ? ), 
  , normals with extremely unusual builds ( ap plank etc ) , dominion/arams with slightly viable builds ( hybrid eve , ad malz , ap amumu ) , or smurfing with ap caitlyn for funs, 
  i 'm really good ( compared to people at my level ) with gp , yi , morde , malz , panth , and ww but my greatest love is for evelynn . 
  i think i 'm over the average on mechanics and knowledge , but i suck at making decisions fast ( when to teamfight , when to push etc. ) . 
  i love to theorycraft , i love unusual rune pages ( full crit dmg % tryn , full ad tigerdyr , hybridpen malz/eve , critplank ) . 
  so , all in all i think i can put together a stream , but . . would you guys watch it/what are your suggestions ? 
  i never streamed so i figured i wouldnt do it without confidence .
