  especially in soloq where people wont even come to its range and you basically have to 1v5 all day . 
  core on mundo in soloq !, 
  rageblade is the most cost efficient item in the game even at 2 stacks . 
  the problem is , you got ta find a champion which can use all attributes it give . . :d, 
  jax and eve are the noyl ones i can find . 
  too bad jax needs triforce/mallet , ga , sustain ( wrigs or htgb ) and no place for rageblade , so mainly a snowball item i guess . 
  and eve is better build ap for them epic 420 noscope dfg-ult-ravage you-are-dead combos . 
  it is the perfect item for galio . 
  too bad galio sux hah ? 
  what do you mean . 
  you are totally right , never thought about the airflow . 
  also , depends on how many time you have i guess . 
  thanks for the insight , 
  ^ ( and enjoy the upvote ), 
  idk , my hate squad probably :d, 
  full throttle, 
  he probably would have it posted it yesterday then . 
  i think he found it 10 min ago :d, 
  first person slasher - basically fps with swords , focused on mutiplayer . 
  probably d3 copies have been sold faster but man , d2 is still out on the market and people are still buying it . . i bet more d2 copies sold than d3, 
  you can laugh but when q had a decent ap ratio i ran manamune rod of ages atmas sivir . 
  did more damage than manamune atmogs . 
  also it was very cost efficient , and with tp i had so much pushing power , these items came fast . 
  then they remade sivir ( i miss old ricochet so much ; _  , nerfed q ap ratio , nerfed atmas ... fuck that . 
  i can almost say old ricochet was broken as shit ... at least in wiew of todays aoe skills . 
  `` oh no sion just stunned me . . nah bro , next time ! '', 
  like we cant , nowadays , with all viable midlaners :d, 
  i think phreak did , in one of the spotlights, 
  he has so much practice he dont need any more , lol, 
  yep . 
  jiji was a good eve player back then as well , he made me play eve at first place ( and generalwiser ) . 
  i 'd say he played a damn good roam eve back when she had a stun , maybe he wants his old love back . . :d, 
  or a good amount of gangplank on the enemy team :d, 
  are you ok ? 
  nautilus , beta version !, 
  ( no srsly , they feel the same lol ), 
  probably because they didnt play him like other junglers in na do . 
  wits end to sunfire is the usual build on dariens xin . . i was like wtf . . ? 
  why not wrigs tf nashors ? 
  yes please, 
  new sivir has only a better passive , a weaker w and thats all . 
  not at all better , honestly . 
  at least you could spam w autos on old sivir with some as . 
  nah i prefer massive energy collector silos . 
  so fun to automate it with pipes and shit, 
  not her voice tho :( sorry, 
  on galio, 
  i dont mean more power . 
  by better i mean not broken as fuck = better balanced . 
  could add this word , sorry, 
  you disliked eve as an assassin . 
  what are your opinions about her as a mobility ap carry ? 
  i mean you can play her how you want . 
  just wanted to ask you that did you play her as an all-out ap carry mid ( a la shushei ) , and what is your opinion . . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand ... the verdict ? 
  normally i 'm not into neurofunk but this is just awesome , 
  no comment, 
  downvoted for actually commenting with no added value to the discussion . 
  teh real use for downvote button . 
  or , for the new trynd skin . 
  i 'd prefer michael jackson - smooth criminal for annie . 
  annie are you ok ? 
  no this is for annie . 
  or not . 
  lol you upvoted me ? 
  now you can feel my pain, 
  `` gg eve troll report '' for a year . . 
  karma has nothing on me, 
  yes, 
  dat feel when i go 20/3 as eve and get reported for `` not playing with team and only killstealing '' lmao, 
  who gives a shit about karma . 
  lol, 
  me neither :d, 
  and you seem a positive man . 
  thanks for being one, 
  dfg + ga is essential , so does raba + void . 
  that leaves only 1 item for situational play and this is mostly abyssal for me , right after the dfg rush . 
  sometimes its rlyais , sometims lichbane . 
  yeah someone has to play with 30 ping , unbelievable, 
  just open up leaguepedia ? 
  aviator irelia skin is a reference to amelia earhart, 
  i expected a legendary , like with trynd remake , but nooo :( sadface, 
  ... see circlejerk , kill circlejerk, 
  you mean shit, 
  especially darius huh ? 
  i think the worst enemy of kass is gangplank . 
  with a specific rune page ( max . 
  22 , or maybe lower armor pen , magic resist and manaregen , maybe more arp in higher elos ) , he just rapes you full force , farms 1260 gold for a sheen then rapes you again . 
  why are you forgetting evelynn, 
  ... galio ? 
  i 'm going to start calling curse `` old clg '' now . 
  i dont even know why dont he main carry junglers , lol . 
  at least he could have an excuse, 
  `` sorry man yi is a farm jungler '', 
  or my crit engineer !, 
  this . 
  has been requested like 3 days ago in this subreddit . . people should learn to use the search function :d, 
  what about high , rocky shores , like in scotland . 
  that would be awesome . 
  i always wanted to build a house in one of the cliffs,
