  sunfire damage isnt worth anything and its not an item you buy at 50 min ... 
  i 'm so sad i cant give reddit gold right now . 
  can you explain why , i 'm genuinely curious ? 
  well i do it on firefang ww but at least that is half legit :d, 
  yes , sorry , excatly . 
  just typed that a bit too fast because i has to let it out . 
  it reall bugs me . 
  remember those teemo statues sent out for being an exceptional member of the community ? 
  well i got one . 
  when they asked me to submit my post address i was midway during a 7day ban . 
  the irony !, 
  you make a really good point , and i agree , but i think you dont realize that while irl you can have the power to look like , or be wholehearted when saying `` have a nice day '' , over a chatroom you cant . 
  so its all based on how well the other person receives the message . 
  that really spawns controversy . 
  also i might perceive that we had a good game here but other people dont , then its a case of unintentional insult ( much like asking a fat woman `` is it a boy or a girl ? '' ), 
  so , if ithink we overall had a good game here i say gg . 
  some people dont , and they get offended . 
  i dont trust everyones judgement though . 
  enjoying a game ( thus perceiving it as a good game ) is solely based on your experience if you dont have empathy , which not many can afford to have in a computer game . 
  ( they might afford it irl ), 
  i hope you get what i 'm saying ... 
  yes , but only because i didnt find a better comparison at the heat of the moment . 
  it could have been any crime really . 
  yes , but you dont have proof either . 
  i mean , my experience regarding rage became worse over time , and everyone else i asked too ; however what i think you are saying is that iit is not enough ground to build a house of war against tribunal on . . right ? 
  i might have to rethink my point , thanks for the insight . 
  i just feel like this whole thread is lyte versus reddit , and neither side has enough proof behind their arguments or solution to problems . 
  i would fucking pay for a system that can guarantee i get significantly less intentional flamers in my games . 
  i 'm just . . no satisfied with the tribunal , even less satisfied aboout the way riot defends it . 
  where is him ? 
  or i dont know , im confused, 
  no , it cant be completely ignored . 
  people can be toxic in many ways , not just chat . 
  jungler can tank blue for you , wait for you until you would last hit it , only to smite it away , that is fucking cruelty . 
  ( also negatively affecting the game as you will lose lane xp and cs ) people can intentionally feed , people can reprot you for no reason , people can throw games on purpose . . people can reveal where you ( jungler ) are to help the other team . 
  people can flame others . 
  also , no , muting doesnt prefent flame , it prevents future flaming , so you have to get flamed at least once before you know you must mute . 
  except if you mute everyone every single game , which is both pointless and defeats the whole point of chat ... 
   `` wakka_bot '' is satire reflecting on the processing of sincere entertainment into , `` canned laughter '' . 
  i 'm surprised you are the only one who got it . . 
  when created my name i knew about this but it was an unintended side effect . 
  turned out to be more important than the others . 
  for the record , i got `` wakka '' from pacman . 
  ( only later on , when i searched `` wakka '' on google i found out about fozzie bear which streghtened me about the right choice of the username - i usually very carefully plan this kind of stuff ) i never played pacman myself , but played cod2 and i had a very bad sound system at that time so every time i jumped the sound reminded me of pacman . 
  the bot tag is a very long story which is also strongly related to league of legends , a game i play , and i dont really want to bore you with that unless you are interested . 
  i have to say , i forgot to include in my initial post , that i thank you for directing me to a source of information that i value as something i should know . 
  i feel like i belong to a group of people who perceive this kind of information ( im talking about the article about gangnam style 's real message , if it wasnt clear ) somewhat part of the culture , you know , something you must know , because it is such a significant part of today . 
  i highly value people who think behind of things like that . 
  dont you have a blog or something ? 
  i would be interested to read more about your view on things like that . 
  i feel like i couldnt even express half of what i wanted to . 
  it 's 0:11 here and i am very tired . 
  i just wanted to reply immediately . 
  i hope you get what i wanted to say and i also hope i dont sound creepy . 
  you have quite a wide vocabulary and also seem very educated , or at least you are a `` forever self-educater '' type of person , something i want to be too . 
  ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ friends ? 
  at least soraka can nurse vayne through early-mid game , so she can reach lategame safer ? 
  hell , i started to poke fun at people forcing me to support by picking my own supports . 
  people tend to forget that the impact you make is more important than the champion of your choice . 
  you can play leona all you want if you dont land a goddamn zenith blade . 
  so i started to play support gangplank ( e maxing ) and support malzahar ( q or w maxing ) and i can say i had the most fun ever . 
  i felt impactful !, 
  but i lost any motivation when they threatened to `` pick taric or i feed '' . 
  i just picked taric and did absolutely nothing in the laning phase ( except wargin and healing , a few stun when ganks came ) and farming my manamune , nashors , tabi , frozen heart , i got 8 kills that game . 
  fuck you , ignorant ad . 
  the support is not your slave . 
  indeed . 
  for me , i got banned for 2 weeks , asked for tribunal case , there were 5 games . 
  game 1 i called someone dumb . 
  1 all2 +2 enemy report, 
  game 2 i `` trollpicked '' ( ad ezreal mid ) 1 ally + 2 enemy report ( wtf ), 
  game 3 i lost lane and ended up 6/10 ( without junglers help , and probably he was the only one reporting me from my team ) ( 1 ally 2 enemy report ), 
  game 4 i got queued up with a plat varus as taric , told him he is bad . 
  got reported for flaming ( wtf ) 1 ally report, 
  game 5 i played jungle eve , got reported for feed ( 1/6 and that was the best stat in the team ), 
  all of the games i got only 1 ally reports and i never told anything offensive in all chat . 
  so basically what happened , is every game i offended someone somehow who asked enemy team to report . 
  solely for game ' i probably deserve punishment ( fuck it i just link the case ) http://euw.leagueoflegends.com/tribunal/en/case/771474/#nogo, 
  but what i dont understand , is since i played extremely cautiously non-toxic in all the other games , basically i got banned for 2 weeks calling one guy dumb ? 
  because people report the `` scapegoat '' every game when they lose ? 
  that is what i call bullshit . 
  i dont claim to be innocent . 
  i say its just not fair to punish people this way, 
  the thing i loved in it the first place is the freedom to reference anything in culture . 
  in one episode lorelai wakes up and she gets 4 black pill and one white . 
  she replies `` what is this , jackson five is concerting again ? '', 
  also - how could i forget ? 
  - hellspawn galio !, 
  i played everywhere from 800 elo ( last season ) to plat iv and i can safely say silver i-ii is the worst environment to play ranked in . 
  people are high enough to be considered good by themselves , a right to criticize anything they want ( oh my god you build tear on eve you fucking retard ) but in reality they are just a little bit better than bronze . 
  i played mid for a long time in silver i-ii and i met more dorans ring starts than anywhere else . 
  needless to say i just poked them with a few spells and lane was over . 
  there were junglers who never ganked ( even though they were designed for ganking , f.e nautilus ) supports stealing blue because `` im worth more than you , dipshit '' , junglers flaming me because i dont facechek the bush at 0:50 solo to check if there is any invade ... 
  and the biggest part , the weakness : people know how to get advantage and behave like pros baceus that . . but then they dont know how to convert it . 
  i lost literally hundreds of games in silver because after a won teamfight everyone recalled ( except me of course ) what is even worse , they cant initiate . 
  one game we got malphite and amumu and we lost , because they always waited fr other team to engage . 
  just because of this i started to spam galio mid , his ult is kinda similar to amumu/malph in a sense that it is a clear sight , even to retards , that they shoudl engage . 
  i did , and i can tell its better than the hell of `` im so good i climbed all the way up here from 1200 - in 3000 games '' silver players . 
  gold players at least have game/teamfight sense ... 
  in silver , 99 % of games won in laning phase , but not by technique , no .
