  when she goes to pick up free mana on the trap you land a q on her . 
  she either gets trapped for 1-2 autos or gets a q in the face . 
  also better aa range , can win trades with passive, 
  i think we will never see him as a support , instead she will be played as a glasscannon ap solotop like voyboy played it, 
  nasus - doggy, 
  twitch - mousy mousy ( think of nida 's taunt ), 
  anivia - stupid birdy ( how can i forget that video ? 
  not really . 
  i think the e dmg can be maximized with hybrid but ap builds can have dfg+l ichbane so the overall dmg output is much higher than hybrid it makes hybrid useless . 
  ad build can also have crit with ie , same story . 
  not worth it imo . 
  exactly . 
  gtfo with memes already !, 
  not like i dont read that subreddit , but its like posting pr0n in r/atheism, 
  spellsy is 2169 elo with playing pretty much only support, 
  some short advices :, 
  - mobafire is dead , gtfo of there, 
  - flash is better to place ult , which is a huge portion of nunu 's damage . 
  also ghost is unnecessary since your e slows so hard . 
  same with rylais . 
  - no need to spell vamp . 
  build tanky so you can utilise q more effectively . 
  wota is only good if you have ap or a skill that does big base or % dmg ( morde for example ), 
  - edit : jungle nunus should go double gp10 then rush banshee , you gon na need it for the ulti and if you do it correctly you can have it before the laning phase ends , making it very good in 2v1 ganks whrere the victim has only 1 interrupt . 
  later on it wont have so much effect as free banshee busters fly all over teamfights . 
  - edit2 : cdr boots increase damage output and sustain . 
  - edit3 : i dont think an offensive nunu needs 21 in defense , you are better off with 21 in utility since you will lack farm in jungle ( so gp10 mastery comes in handy ) and you can have cdr . 
  10 % tenacity is useless if you dont buy mercs . 
  i still prefer tanky support nunu with shurelyas , randuins , banshee , ga , zekes/abyssal, 
  elementz is another story . . he is a good solotop player as well ( he played graves as triforce bruiser solotop and wrecked faces with it etc. ), 
  erm you should add this very post to the deliberate karmawhore category , just saying . 
  tsm is the way to go nowadays , they have an approving system if you make a well-formatted , well-written guide it will be known . 
  sorry i made decisions too fast sometimes, 
  hue, 
  yes !, 
  you dont really want high normal elo so you dont get matched with stonewall and ego ignaxio :d, 
  also where did u check lol, 
  i have played 1400 ranked games in this season and i can count in one hand the number of my games kass want banned or picked . 
  most likely banned . 
  and it costs a shitload of mana so you probably wont use it more than 3 times lol, 
  the problem is of you get wota there is no place for other , more useful items . 
  i dont know who you are but < 3, 
  ehh, 
  i guess tear + roa ? 
  then you will be useless midgame with 0 ap lol, 
  hilarious video , i saw you edited it so that the first double kill happens exactly when the bass drops , 
  and how exactly you stack riftwalk in lane ? 
  i 'm just curious , i want to learn kassadin !, 
  haha so true lol . 
  i play midraka a lot ( ghost heal scyx17 stlye ) and the hate i get is immense . 
  good thing is they stfu when i get double kill when the jungler ganks :d, 
  probably he waits until the enemies magic resist is lower so infuse do more damage . 
  edit : lolreplay also bugged with ability cds , so when it shows a skill is ready , there is a chance it wasnt , at that time , especially when you fastforward the replay . 
  dont prove something that is already proven , to a person who wont believe, 
  we all know gp rapes kassa . 
  this guy welcomes to sumbit any replays how he beat 2k elo gp 's with kassadin, 
  i needed 1400 games to get to 1300 :d, 
  good guy , answering to post whose only purpose is to talk shit . 
  this guy set himself a goal and he reached it , u jelly ? 
  situational , but probably you will have 2 ad based champions in your team . 
  if you have double ap they will both buy wota for the double effect so the only case if the jungler should buy wota is that if he is amumu imo, 
  here is how i gained elo is soloq recently :, 
  give no fucks , spam q all day, 
  win, 
  ( alternatively morde , same thing . 
  both can counterjungle . 
  if top its ww , if jungle its mundo , if ad its mf the choice for me . 
  if i have to support i pick taric . 
  but all the good elo is gained with mids , at least for me, 
  yeah when im dead when they are pushing the nexus i used to sell items for trololo, 
  get a rune page full of flat armor runes . 
  garen falls off lategame so you only need to avoid the snowballing early , and armor runes is a way to do that . 
  i would add heimer as the ultimate pokecomp champion , 
  cassio too . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong though, 
  push, 
  counterjungle, 
  you are right about heimer , sadly . 
  well guess im kind of a melancholic guy who wants to save the world by thinking every champ can have a team built around him/her :d, 
  yeah im thinking that hero . 
  and swooooooshh yi, 
  `` this . 
  ask scyx17 , he is the single reason why soraka is banned at high elo na soloq . . they fear his sorakamid, 
  ewwwwww ... no . 
  get wota + abyssal to match the style of soraka , gohst heal , longer fights because of shred . 
  the first build is pretty nice but the second ?? 
  dude . . warmogs on warwick . . wtf, 
  ewwwwwwww, 
  even vs opshit karma ? 
  ... with 1 rune page, 
  great , now where is my stealth rework :d, 
  ( no seriously , gj jatt , looking forward of quality stuff ), 
  other champions outscale him very fast with items . 
  nah , i dont believe anymore :(, 
  you forgot the link lol, 
  very good video , can learn a lot form it , although it was a bit hard because the on-screen text was disappearing too quickly :(, 
  but otherwise , vgj, 
  the useless piece of shit . 
  yeah i usually counter kassa mid with soraka , hue, 
  no , but we won and i got 6 elo - . - while the enemy lost 0,
