  i think all the champs are fine now , except shen , karma and eve . . but these are another story, 
  gave me a good laugh , nice work , also good quality  keep it up , i think its showcase worthy if you make some more . 
  like corki/ezreal/graves picked every game ? 
  indeed . 
  however they can be borderline op in lower elos because people therre learn to counter slower than other elos . 
  i remember climbing up 80 elo in graves release day because no one could dodge the lane harass and properly trade . 
  also ahri release day , it was so bad to see people falling to true damage . 
  but when people got used to the skillshots range it became more difficult . 
  nowadays i faceroll ahris mid with morde by just walking just outside of their charm/q range . 
  i think the tanks should make the calls , because if the enemy moves in group , the carries have no chance . 
  if iam an ap carry i try to make calls but i always follow the tank , even if they are going in a fail direction . 
  exactly . 
  i do the same mentality , only if the lane is doing well or needs farm to even survive i leave after gank . 
  but if i gank a douchebag noob lane i just take all the cs i can cuz he surely wont carry me . 
  thats how it goes in elo hell , im not even mad, 
  cool story bro, 
  awww yeah dat feeling when you are 30/0 with ap plank hue, 
  the best thing , is , my endgame build was bt bt lw banshee ga lol, 
  try it . 
  so good to counter ganks . 
  1k ap lichbane q crits are also nice :d, 
  veigar , he 3shots anyone anyway, 
  lol no . 
  very good idea and i would support it , but really , it would make lol some kind of nipicking game like hon. 
  but probably riot will listen to us tryhards :d who knows, 
  make sure not to fail by not posting any links . 
  that is the point , elo hell rarely sees competent support . 
  might as well abuse the fact that the enemy support statrted dorans :d, 
  the reason why i 'm not playing her is not because it is useless . . not because my team rages hard no matter how good i do ... but because even if i carry hard my team every time seems to find a way to throw the game :(, 
  that was the eve player 's fault . 
  it is very common to see eve players do well early then fail hard . 
  i was like that in the beginning ... people just dont understand she must change roles throughout the game, 
  no , eve is not useless . 
  he is also a redditor . . inb4 scarra replying to this thread :d, 
  `` d scarra '', 
  also movespeed and gold per ten quints are very good for starters . 
  mana regen per level yellows deserve a mention , as new pleayers kind of tend to spam skills more , mana regen makes it more forgiving, 
  why no one called out grasshyren yet ? 
  hue, 
  it 's fine for me . 
  idk what to comment lol, 
  i 'll be honest : yes i did, 
  edit : i like how eve is a counter to karma lol, 
  thx bro , watching it atm !, 
  stalin swain, 
  i always say report my team mate , but only if he went afk on purpose . 
  it 's all according to the team setup and items/gold . 
  in an ideal situation , you picked up some early kills then denied some oracle/ward gold so your team is ahead to the point when you can 4v5 them if they attack under tower ( as eve is all about damage so the slow is not really needed in a static team fight under tower ) , so eve can go splitpush . 
  if they have no kiting capabilities you can go offtank and just continuously be in the middle of the fight spamming q. 
  you can go aura whore if the team needs it , or even tank . 
  to be honest there is way much more that can not be written down here , because the format and because of ... ehem i like to keep my secrets lol . 
  one thing is sure : evelynn is not a late game assasin ( given that teams are equal strength , that is ), 
  edit : if you happen to play in euw you might as well add me to discuss deeper , as this might not be interesting for everyone here, 
  more skin sets would sell more i guess , so it 's a good idea . 
  crimson elite , pentakill , bilgewater , etc. 
  no drummer ( i bet akali or olaf will ), 
  uh i think link is missing man, 
  not sure if trolling . . actually im pretty sure, 
  karthus, 
  * ahem *, 
  you forgot zealot kassadin, 
  edit : dragoon urgot ? 
  can you fucking stop abusing psa for fucks sake ? 
  he didnt even grow up yet , what do you expect ? 
  oh god , they are all so hilariously cute . 
  i find them artistic as well , in a way . 
  good job , you have skill , 
  ( upvote for vampirewhore ), 
  oh god thank you sooomuch for posting that, 
  irelia, 
  no just kidding . 
  i play shen instead . 
  or ww if its banned, 
  who is andrewsmith and what does he do, 
  * ahem *, 
  hes a shit champ lol, 
  ssomp, 
  malzahar come to mind, 
  and morde on close range, 
  wub wub wub those no scope 360 mlg pro frags, 
  than you man , you made a real useful post . 
  probably you dont know shit about eve late game though . 
  his e is not exactly single target , as it passes onto a nearby enemy so a well placed e comboed with the ulti may end up in inflicting nice damage and some sure kills . 
  also his ulti is a sure hit , not like zigs ulti which is basically a skillshot . 
  edit : i dominate team by supressing the target who would dominate my team :d, 
  mid game malzahar is a deadly force . 
  if you are mia the jungler might as well forget about passing the river because you might wait in an unwarded bush to qwer him . 
  late game its for cleanup obviously , but i found out the teamplay is similar to ziggs ' : throm qwe in teamfights and then pray for penta :d, 
  also similar in playstlye is ap kog imo . 
  spamming errrrrr all day is just so funny , you feel like a cannon . 
  who said i max q o.o, 
  grasshyren ( for lolz ), 
  minekraft, 
  and of course riotgamesinc, 
  this thread is going to be downvoted to oblivion so fast lol, 
  your text was lookiing like it was adressed to me lol, 
  what do you mean by `` against a melee '' ? 
  eve should not be laning ever . 
  she will get a gap closer so that you can actually can suprise them by flash e with for example, 
  in ranked , you cant go mid as eve ( or any lane in general ) because your supposed alne opponent either has ranged harass or cc or tankiness to win every trade .
