  diablo 3 killed hack n slash for me , untill grim dawn came along - holy shit that game is leagues better, 
  thanks . 
  probably will watch it at some point . 
  i dunno what do you mean , the class system is fine atm , perhaps its just your taste lol . 
  or you were in the beta real early ? 
  idk . 
  anyways , just try it out - solid second best hack n slash ever . 
  well . . yeah , gd is a bit on the hardcore side i admit . 
  i nver cared so much about my characters identity , i would have played an rpg then . 
  pretty sure the shapes are n't carved by hand . 
  are you sure there is no machine involved ? 
  i do n't think `` ftfy '' is said by the wrong part . 
  why the japanese client though ? 
  i assume you used the modifier to forcewave which lets you spam it . 
  that means your damage compared to 2h is lower ( you dont have access to kraken devotion this way ) . 
  so the tradeoff for the damage must be everything the shield gives . 
  therefore you must have a very good shield !, 
  my two hunches are these :, 
  if you have decent damage already then you probably need resistances , or some other form of defense in your rings . 
  aether resist in particular is hard to find so aetherlord signet maybe ? 
  if you have maxed resists then you probably need as much damage as you can in rings . 
  help what ? 
  but only because hs sucked dick at managing his mana, 
  i like the second pic best , i think short hair would fit you well , or a very old-style long hair ( braided for example ? ), 
  that pic gets a 8/10 , all the others 6 and the makeup one 5 :(, 
  honestly , just be yourself , be the most honest person you can be , and searc the things that make you happy , and fill your life with it . 
  ( a person maybe ? 
  or an obsession ? 
  a sport ? ), 
  i still cant decide whether it 's done for irony , or for real . . 
  no he isnt , black has checks, 
  whoops . 
  i got used to puzzled where it is always white to move, 
  he has a yoda skin instead . . 
  talon = altair ( assassin 's creed ), 
  not for long . 
  he 's gon na file another lawsuit and use the netherlands one as a precedent . 
  at least in eu, 
  i 'm suuuure the parkour passive is also a coincidence too, 
  clever, 
  rg1 h1 = b !!, 
  rf3-f1 !!!, 
  gxf1q ( only move ), 
  where is the `` i do n't give a fuck '' option ? 
  technically gxf1 is only move , and you can decide what to promote, 
  doesnt really matter anyways lol, 
  i just want my kerrigan eve skin yo . 
  this one will do it i guess :d, 
  i hope she has wings, 
  it 's probably not the pic . . it is very happy one . 
  i think its your brain ( and mine ), 
  how would you classify this ? 
  come on , her name is an anagram of evelynn . 
  and she also has a circle in her forehead . 
  r/outrun would love this, 
  if you are using cdence i recommend witchblade . 
  solaels withcfire + cadence is ok . 
  also i can give you some items for that build if you add me on steam lol ( steam name i think the same ), 
  what the ... 
  i hope at some point you wont live alone , 
  took me a while to realize it 's photoshop , but cute nevertheless, 
  holy fuck i would pay real money for that, 
  underrated, 
  you lol, 
  every item !, 
  just use item assistant !, 
  yes !, 
  that looks like he accidentally got his dick stuck in a hole, 
  i wish there would be a less blurry version, 
  i get it now , you posted the shitty ones so that we appreciate these posts more . 
  in any case , thanks, 
  the cost of hungering void makes no difference in elite and ultimate . 
  you need to have high sustain anyways ... 
  they really are . 
  how would you define shitty then , lol, 
  it 's a niche t-shirt you sell to people identifying with the phrase . 
  similar , among millions of other examples , is `` boy toy '' written on a low-cut top, 
  no you didnt , you just told me you think they arent shitty . 
  what is shitty then ? 
  i ca n't comment on that because when i had similar chracter ( well not really similar just similar dmg type : a witchblade ) i went for hungering void so i didnt even try the other devotion option , plus i never tried pyromancer . 
  i was merely commenting on the fact that even in hardcore , you shouldnt ' t worry about the health cost of hungering void , because it is miniscule compared to the sustain you have to have in elite/ultimate , even more so in hc . 
  i usually have 200-300 + hp regen per sec , plus insane lifesteal ( attack damage converted to health ), 
  no i mean give me an example of a really shitty fanart then , so i can compare this to something you call shitty , so i can understand . 
  fair point . 
  i consider my opinion corrected now . 
  i see why you people do not call this shitty now . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  ( my initial approach was only regarding the drawing quality ), 
  not sure how to do that . 
  i am using item assistant which makes me use local save files , and grimtools doesnt seem to find them ( i dont see anything in the folder ), 
  nvm found it : http://www.grimtools.com/calc/bva7xbnd this is my commando, 
  only aspirant . 
  i 'm actually leveling a lightning druid ( rushed totem then going up the arcanist tree ) , i 'll look into it more then, 
  thanks , i 'll start trying out the battlemage . 
  on the battlemage . . why iee ? 
  for the energy sustain?or does it give that much damage to ct ? 
  thanks for the input !, 
  what is your hotkey setup ? 
  i guess ct on left blitz on right ? 
  i 'm having fun already with the char on level 25 !,
