  since it has a minimum number of champions required to play , the rotation would take away many players experience from play , and i speak of everyone , since doesnt matter if you own all champs , some are disabled . 
  so , millions couldnt play ranked for weeks at least , or until next rotation . 
  this is something riot surely is against . 
  ( crippling their gameplay experience intentionaly . . remember , they didnt even disable eve just overnerfed her ) they are aware about how many people play ranked ... 
  username relevant , lol, 
  i doubt it , since then they would kick qt for masme , which they didnt . 
  yea . . perhaps that is why he is always in the top 25 in soloq playing only mid , sometimes even in top10 , ha was even rank1 . . 
  yea he sux , lol, 
  upvote for honest opinion , downvote for stealing personality . 
  well olaf is a carry ... and he scales with ad ... 
  yeah but i bet my liver he leaves that team the second they invite him to dig . 
  just like dyrus left eg . . money talks . 
  i love them , they are all the same , dark tone , just like a poe novel , 
  love the gangplank one, 
  i dont think they nerfed damage by ap ratios . 
  ratio on e is halved but it strikes twice ... same damage . 
  and they gave her a ratio on ult . 
  plus ad ratios . 
  the q ap ratio nerf wasn that bad , it stayed on level 1 all game and you maxed it last anyway . . it was just to proc sheen , like now . . i dont get it . . ? 
  the movespeed and as are both better than the old . . 
  i dont think they nerfed the damage at all , maybe you have to build her ap now ? 
  or try emaxing + wrigs jungle . 
  : i max w second and e first . 
  fuck the police . 
  she does have a slow ( although its the ult , eh ), 
  circlejerk too stronk . 
  that is the problem . 
  eeeeeeek, 
  eeeeeeeeeek, 
  eeeeeeek, 
  where did your entire team go ? 
  eh , i dont like leveling up q for only +20 damage . 
  as boost becomes exponentially better when i buy wriggles and more ad, 
  that cheesy eminem quote, 
   then i played with a friend on the pbe, 
   friend, 
  i start as hybrid ( mspd quint armor yellow , ad red , ap blue ), 
  then max e. 
  obviously q on level 2 for clearing, 
  still eve, 
  how did they earn 2k gold ? 
  i can carry hard with my funniest build - critplank . 
  pd ie lw bt tiamat . 
  it can be done faster i think , if you go ap all game for farming and buy atmas + other ad items last ... 
  but when you want to sell those ap items :d, 
  not sure , but imagine a full cdr enemy heimer , shaco , teemo etc. . 
  first world problems ? 
  here is a pax sivir used on euw :, 
  if possible i 'd love a riot singed in pm in exchange , but not necessary, 
  yeah im totallyy gon na believe someone told that, 
  lee sin , cassio , i just cant play them for shit, 
  not the frame rate , but the lags  . <, 
  so does shyvana, 
  probably you dont spam taunt when you ult ... got ta use that few seconds to something more worthy i guess, 
  as a guy who spent 2k games on the 1100 elo range , i can confirm, 
  i would volunteer to be spectated as well , i 'm at ~ 1200 elo , i think a 1.7 k elo `` coach '' would do . 
  i think i have areas where i have huge routine ( for example i have no problems with last hitting ) but on others i suck ( for example teamfight positioning with ad carries , `` picking hero to make team comp better '' etc. ), 
  very true , but that is an area where the commentator can make it interesting . 
  for example he can say `` man he was in parrley range again , this gp should really can be more agressive '' etc. 
  every time he sees a missed opportunity . 
  just like 99 % fun in commentating high elo chess games are in the missed variations/lines that no one sees at first , but when a grandmaster comes in and says `` anand missed a mate in 12 starting with 45 . 
  ... qxf2 '' everyone is like `` wow this is more interesting , this guy knows something i dont '', 
  i still think about his q as an escape ... 
  but you are right anyway, 
  what the fuck man , someone is downvoting every comment of you in this thread , wtf . 
  im gon na upvote them because dwing a legit question is bullshit . 
  is it true leona is played as ap mid there ? 
  ( if yes , what build ? 
  i 'm curious ), 
  what kind of other builds are considered viable there , which are considered bad in us/eu ? 
  dont worry . 
  i think its just human nature . 
  the true value of your post will be always recognized by people you want them to recognize . 
  i mean . . karma is to show everyone something they can already know reading your posts ... so it doesnt make sense : _ ), 
  i stopped caring about karma ( downvotes etc. ), 
  long ago . 
  if you see my posts , i have a lot , almost never got to highest rated post because im not a karma whore :d, 
  i actually enjoy it . 
  dont ask why . 
  dont misinterprete me though ; i 'm always playing for the win and to get better . 
  ahh good old jungle plank, 
  takes too much time in a game when split seconds can mean game win or loss, 
  he was duo q with malunoo, 
  my favourite is when he says `` weakness in the knees '' . 
  beautiful . 
  i wish i would have a this kind of girlfriend who is accepting these kind of proposals . 
  even if not , there is always the good old fashioned way : first bring wine to his father , ask him if he allows it , then take her to the best place i ever could , go down on my knees and ask her . 
  i know but it wont be the same :(, 
  i think only one , got ta ask my father about the exact tradition going on in our family . 
  i 'm kinda nitpicking on this one . 
  no , its only one , asked dad , 
  depends on the level of authority , if she is living with her parents then i ca n't . 
  but if she has her own flat and rarely speak with the parents . . maybe, 
  mostly i win too . 
  the problem is i played too much , because i played mainly for fun . 
  nowadays i try to keep it like 3-4 , max 6 rankeds per day , with breaks . 
  even despite that , sometimes i do silly things ( like splitpushing with trynd when my team 4v5s ) because i lose concentration . 
  i dont take offense . 
  speaking about the mental/psychological aspect i 'm totally immune to what you think `` elo hell '' is . 
  try champions that have a built in dont give a fuck spell .
