  there was a time when i used to counter every single melee champion top with caitlyn . 
  it was glorious . 
  i made dariuses cry . 
  eve . 
  no , really , just ban her, 
  hp regen runes / masteries also screw yoricks early game . 
  hp regen runes/masteries also screw up his early game, 
  hopefully it will attract more people than / r/teamredditteams, 
  50 kgs . 
  but i have a real mean look, 
  wtf , u staking me ? 
  how did you find this comment l0l, 
  butthurt . . ? 
  then the internet is not a place for you, 
  muahaha , yes i did, 
  but they exactly followed gaud\u00ed 's plans to the smallest detail ( except for the materials ), 
  the whole idea is his `` child ' anyway . 
  thats a damn fine looking chair . . 
  no shit ? 
  you could get away with not building ad early as the voidling burst ( when you call them with q ) is strong early with beginning runes . 
  also the manamune early doesnt give too much offense compared to , say , a brutalizer . 
  so i would max cdr with , for example , a brut + glacial then up to manamune . 
  also you yourself dont aa much , except for poking melees , if thats the case you can rush mm . 
  well they implemented gaudi 's plans . 
  coz he didnt have proper groundplans and shit so they couldnt build the `` exact '' thing . . but . . cant you feel . . this building is a hommage to gaud\u00ed !, 
  i 've been here once . 
  my bus arrived at town at 6pm and i stayed until 9 am , just to get in . 
  it was worth it . 
  night photos were just a plus . 
  i loved it !, 
  until some smurf teared me a new butthole with eve . 
  then i started maining eve . . and the rest is history :d, 
  urgot says fuck yeah ima ult you under tower, 
  and urgot, 
  i mean under your tower . 
  thats why it sucks on gp as well . 
  tiamat is a waveclear item accoding to a red which i forgot who , but yeah . 
  sucks i dont get to build it on anyone . 
  im pretty sure ohmwrecker only works on enemy turrets, 
  what a fucking karma whore, 
  depends on when you want to start farming . 
  trynda oneshots minions after a few items , mordekaiser one-comboes waves after a few levels , but before that you must just practice lasthitting anyway . 
  anivia/karthus is the same with less mobility ( but more viable , lol ), 
  i like it when then cream, 
  thats not what i spoke about . 
  im going hipster and announcing you got no knowledge of game mechanics and viability whatsoever . 
  i 'm gon na personally eat my dick if i see an ad tf in hig level competitive play . 
  tagged you as ignorant asshole, 
  `` mars attacks '' a hilarious comedy movie when they kill aliens with country music, 
  more like [ cassidy ] ( http://www.falloutwiki.com/john_cassidy ) graves imo . 
  also dont forget to < < insert ciclejerk here  , 
  probably because of the cheesy humor , i dont know . 
  i like it  but then again i enjoy '' a bit of fry and laurie '' too . . 
  it is noticeable , but given the price is fairly high for an item that gives only offense ( and sustain ) i would root for something else , ony any character . 
  he has carry-like ratios so why not . 
  not all of them . 
  anyways this is a researh argument , which we can all look further in various sites anyway . 
  i 'm just stating that if we need to state one architect it must be gaud\u00ed . 
  shaco bot . . oh my god the terror, 
  no shaco bot either, 
  what a subtle way of saying no shit ? 
  now kiss, 
  bad troll is bad, 
  when morg shields her . 
  quality of new posts in this subreddit just hit a new record low . 
  you mean . . [ french ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvqevhxy2wa ) right ? 
  come on . 
  teemo is the jersey shore of / r/leagueoflegends . 
  everyone pretends they didnt watch it but they know all of the people 's names ... 
  hands down scarra ( mid ) . 
  too bad he doesnt stream much , he is very good on explaining things . 
  speaking of that , wingsofdeathx ( mostly top ) is also very good, 
  hotshot also teaches how to play good even when you are flamed at . 
  i saw him playing top nid . 
  he got a hard matchup ( lee sin ) and he pooped in his lane , even though mid , bot was roming to him as well as the jungler camped . 
  he argued with team , yes , but played expertly meanwhile . 
  it was very good learning material . 
  sotd just doesnt worth it if you buy crit ( shiv ) . 
  i like how everyone is stating their mains . . 
  but yeah i dont really wan na face a hurricane teemo . 
  good job , 
  dude the shit you just revealed cries for an ama ... 
  rocking medieval skin i hope ^ ^, 
  fuck yes i 'm ready . 
  sounds fun to watch !, 
  dude , this is perfect . 
  iron solari syndra . 
  i bet ironstlyus would be all over that shit, 
  fuck you critplank all day !!!, 
  just kidding . 
  wont forget my first quadra though ^ ^, 
  you are no match for the shadow isles , yordle scum . 
  you , and your kind 's days , are numbered . 
  tankahar and bankahar . 
  you dont understand right ? 
  i got karthus ' , mordekaiser 's and yorick 's armies on my side . 
  killing them wont 's stop them ... as they are the masters of the underworld . 
  every single yordle we trample on , will jsut streghten our ranks . 
  you dont want to see your beloved tristana as a ghost killing your own men , dont you ? 
  amumu crit animation is breakdance ,
