  so i would definitey rush tear then a ruby crystal to guise or giants belt to sunfire . 
  if ever autoattacking someone , like you are vs an olaf or something and you are even you can max e and buy dorans blades . 
  q+e scales with ad and e gives a nice burst of sustain that way . 
  also , you might wan na go aggressive in lane , so take flat armor seals , versus ranged aa harass and minion damage . 
  before nerf, 
  what nerf the yorick patch one or the recent one, 
  ahh sorry my hipsterdom detector was beeping . 
  possibly malfunction . 
  rule 2 and 3 is bullshit . 
  your skills are just too inferior to play a squishy ? 
  ( hint hint ), 
  for people who dont know how to utilize w , or against high mobility like ahri , sure . 
  but against 85 % of the champion pool it is unnecessary , as it offers little utility , you dont need sticking power , and for tankiness there are more cost effective items like abyssal/zhonyas ( your ult shield scale with resistances ), 
  how is an axe fit into the hands of a basketball player ? 
  think before you write silly things, 
  i 'm sorry but the most beautiful car ever made is the [ lamborghini miura ] ( http://swat316.deviantart.com/art/lamborghini-miura-297449595 ), 
  somebody mentioned stalking ? 
  what about toplane talon . . ? 
  tl ; dr : she has the weakness of a carry without the strengths of it . 
  ( for example good ratios on spells or sterioids ), 
  coding it wouldnt take so long . 
  the map is there , the ranked system is there on other maps . . i bet it would be something like 70 % copy paste, 
  tits or ass ? 
  . . on a more serious tone , what makes thresh so good , and is he only good for support , or maybe he can top/mid ? 
  fuck it then what about tryndamere ? 
  yes.vlad with zhonyas + kayle ult for example, 
  lololo that dfg will so boosts the 50 dmg you get from malady proc : dd, 
  who the fuck cares when we got more serious bugs like entire champs unplayable ? 
  i would rather buy more flat ap to get more dmg to lichbane procs ... , 
  luke and wedge ? 
  oh , it is really a thing ? 
  i am a fan because i had the old trilogy on vhs back in the day , never thought wicket was considered even a part of the story . 
  a quick google search proved otherwise  oh well , i learn something every day . 
  fuck , i was doing this for 4 months and nobody noticed . 
  ended up discontinuing it because of all the flame i got for picking yi . 
  guess i should just man the fuck up and dunk again . 
  and i was going to buy it . . fuck, 
  they are teemos, 
  suddenly i dont care about anything else than my perfect cs . 
  maybe if you got a tango tf in your team ? 
  gangnam style is already out of date anyway . 
  i have visual thinking . 
  thanks . 
  i dont really know much about this but it might have some relation to . . having a socially catastrophical childhood . 
  i had a pretty shitty one , and although i 'm not a `` furry '' i know some and talking to them makes me feel they had something similar ... 
  just a thought, 
  i think he just really wants medieval twitch . 
  or the free rp, 
  that would be a little too easy . 
  i like myself some gangplank/yi vs. him . 
  or , if i 'm in a sadistic mood i just pick nunu and annoy the living shit out of him . 
  happy cakeday , 
  2010 may : dear diary , today i played eve , got flamed for trolling . 
  2010 jul : dear diary , today i played eve , still got fed , but got reported by seven people . 
  2011 aug : dear diary , today i got banned . 
  as far as i know my only offense was , to pick my favourite champion ... 
  2012 aug : dear diary , today i played eve mid . 
  got flamed because everyone knows she is a jungler now . 
  ( like i didnt played her in jungle for 2 years . . ), 
  2012 dec : dear diary , today i played eve in jungle , to have a bit nostalgia . 
  got flamed for not playing her midlane . 
  2013 february : dear diary , today i played eve , got flamed for trolling . 
  ^ ( edit : 1.0.0.120 - 2011 jun 22 , never forget ), 
  dfg was better for her back then iirc ? 
  we are at silver 2 , looking down at you for playing that shit . 
  man up and play ap xin, 
  yea before yorik patch se was retardedly broken but people still regarded her as a troll pick . 
  soloq is a sad thing, 
  what rating ? 
  correct . 
  march 1st 2011 . 
  you should try crit mundo , he gets epic damage with e and his crit animation is a fucking headbang, 
  watch and learn, 
  to be fari when vayne came out i was like `` fuck it i play her jungle shes kit is made for ganking '', 
  sometimes you dont even need machete , 
  oh boy if only i would have mastered kayle earlier . 
  old kayle was the shit . 
  rageblade nashors and game was over . 
  too soon, 
  bring it on , advice me , i only got ~ 1100 games on this bitch :d, 
  yeah . 
  sadly the match was a little bit too obviously staged though . 
  thats the flaw in the system . 
  if that was real life i would have beaten the living shit out of too many people . . 
  no lol who the hell knows the ability names i just call them q-w-e-r except lux ulti , thats laz0r, 
  i think you accidentally a year, 
  did i read correctly that they nerfed leblanc 's ulti to the ground ? 
  what the hell ? 
  dude morello plays double bloodthirster yi on 1400 elo , i would not trust his game sense lol, 
  i 'm 26 . 
  my mother is 44 , father is 52 . go figure, 
  why cant we have both ? 
  speaking of experience, 
  6 games is nothing . 
  because you are a pussy . 
  man up, 
  well they do , but not really the point imo , as they are splipush items and gp need to be in teamfight as half of his kit is teamfight spells, 
  anivia, 
  dont forget gangplank , he has ranged poke too, 
  what about evelynn huh ?
