  i wouldnt sell it now , but i am just here to say why did i sell it * back then ... *, 
  meanwhile flakbus cries in a corner with his gun pointed into the air, 
  also , permatracking . 
  read sidebar yo, 
   no direct links to . wotreplay files . 
  yeah, 
  playing the wt auf pz . 
  that was about the only 9 tank i had as well , not much practice ... 
  good luck !, 
   no t10 td needs gold . 
  was the 183 nerf so bad ? 
  shouldnt be 1950 if they are drawing aristocrats . . it 's more like 1990s, 
  you could also look into writing . 
  this post was excellent . 
  thanks for the info , good thing i stopped grinding that shit line at t7 . 
  any idea what do i do with my 200 % british td crew now ? 
   conquerors most of europe several times, 
  i wouldnt call charlemagne 's empre `` most of europe '' . . neither napoleon 's . 
  remember , europe is all the way to ural mountains . . 
  sometimes people think about spain germany and france when they say europe . . 
  wait so if i recruit 5 ppl and they gather 200k each i get the tank ? 
  just ks once or twice each game . 
  it got nerfed , elyot probably remembers when it was broken, 
  just like my donger, 
  and slapped a fuckton of hdr on it , looks like, 
  good job anyways !, 
  it 's a damn nice looking photo, 
  dunno , i think it might have something to do with the t95e2 released to the game not so long ago ( as the referral system reward ), 
  it 's basically a t34 's gun on a slightly worse platform . 
  but if you want that kind of fun , if i were you i would rather play chi he or ke-ho , they have way better gun depression and wiewrange , chi-he has way better armor , for a cost of speed and 10 less alpha . 
  better armor , i mean . 
  at least t40 's wont oneshot you if you angle properly . 
  i just checked it again , the two guns arent nearly as similar as i thought . 
  you are right . 
  fuck me , i have 40k fame point for the whole of the frikkin campaign ... and i played most of the matches, 
  i 'm in a clan that barely started to play cws so it 's fine . 
  we cant win every game at the first try . 
  our commanders are doing work but they are ( and we are ) still inexperienced . 
   covering her, 
  i think they were more likely just covering the hospital ... 
  bwahaha , jt88 and camo in one sentence, 
  well if you are ... dont you think you should expect to be talked to like that, 
  i dont say you deserve it . 
  but if you do something stupid prepare to get treated like one . 
  i dont think that its worth to maintain two games like that . 
  wt or wot , choose one . 
  dude , 49 % with 1k games is newb . 
  i got 20k games and 53 % and im still shit sometimes . . 
  you didnt have to act all condescending to me . 
  i spoke in theory . 
  hence the `` if '' . 
  i didnt say you were stupid . 
  jesus fuck stop acting like the whole world is against you . 
  just today , i did 65k dmg and 35 kills with 261 after a few hours of platooning , i think this will be easy . 
  later on i 'll play some low tiers for the remaining kills i guess . 
  similar situation with germany , usa and brits . 
  i guess i will have more time to do japan and china this way . 
  edit : germany : e25 & jt88, 
  us : spershing & bulldog or t69, 
  china : probably is-2 , this will be slow . 
  i got t-34-2 researched also , but that tank is shit as far as i know, 
  japan : sta-1 . 
  will probably do it parallel with is2 , both are stock and this will take a loooooong time, 
  france : probably ac46 , or 1375 . 
  did you accidentally set him on fire or rammed him ? 
  hm , so you recommend like , vents optics and go scouting ? 
  the t-34-1 really needed the gld imo . 
  you think i can get away with having no vstab or gld ? 
  exactly . 
  t34 used to be the tier 9 td iirc, 
  does it have pref mm ? 
  and that the at2 's armor at tier 6 ( and possibly 7 ) is not that much of a drawback bbecause the at2 armor is overkill in itself . . ( seriously 200mm + on tier 5 , wtf ), 
  ... without the gun :d, 
  seriously , the at2 has horrible gun choices . 
  it has basically the alecto 's guns ( which are good on it , both of them ) , but one tier higher , no speed , no wiewrange , but more armor . 
  imo , if if would have the 77 mm gun ( second best gun on at 8 after the 17pdr ) , it would be better . 
  but having to choose from two guns both requiring basically standing still in enemy sights just to deal some damage , no ... 
  it 's free . 
  the only question is , do you want to grind it . 
  that is the same gun from the ms-1 ... 
  qsf-e would probably accept you . 
  haha , go play league of legends ranked solo queue and see how long you can last without ripping your hair off, 
  tldr : you got confirmation bias, 
  i ran a joke deck once with summoning portal , brewmasters and a bunch of battlecry like coldlight oracle , ihopeyoulikemyinvention , elven archer and juggler . 
  playing like 10 minions one turn is neat, 
  oh yes i forgot juggler.i run it . 
  i 'm still refining it but i already had fun . 
  it has moderate success against zoo . 
  top tier ensk in my pz . 
  1c , malinovka/prokhorovka in my e25 , and of course , province in pak40 or t-15, 
  then i know it 's time to quit playing that tank, 
  sadly i dont have neither ( except shadowflame ), 
  it is my main credit grinder even though i have 122-44 , is6 and jt88 . 
  i just find d25 more consistent than those . 
  i average around 1300 dmg a game witohut any gold ~ 40k credits per game . 
  although it helps that i have an 591 % crew in it . . 
  is that sabaton ? 
  http://youtu.be/jrfuaukytkg?t=2m when i got spotted in my jt88 when sniping, 
  you know , this kind of photograph that doesnt show any violence , or gore , ( well `` only '' blood ) but it is more pwerful than a lot of those that do show it . 
  just think about it , a full foot print of blood . . a lot of them . . just how many suffering they had to endure . .
