  i have a thing for ... collecting all the unique stuff in the game so i wanted elijah 's robes and his gauss rifle , that means i either had to kill him or steal ( i dont remember if i can steal because i dont often do it - i prefer my karma all positive ) . 
  afaik both activates the self-destruction ... and if i dont want to have everything unique in the game ( from dr. mobius 's glasses to ycs-186 ) i can just rely on their value to sell wehn i want something to buy . 
  i mean , for me , i just want everything in the game so when i have to buy supplies , ammo or weapons , i have to rely on either duplicated items ( like guns enemy drop , combat armors found etc ) or currency . 
  i would get the gold but if that contradicts with having elijah 's robes then might as well just sell unique stuff i dont use , for money . 
  i hope you undestand ? 
  that said i will most definitely try saving all the gold , maybe for my hoarder character i 'm planning to create :d, 
  i played throught fallout 1 and 2 with nothing but bare hands ( and feet ) . 
  f2 was a bitch to do but really fun . 
  kicking enclave soldiers in the groin three times in a round was really a sight to behold :d, 
  the retarded playthrough ( in < 3 iirc ) is very different and possible , also very fun , you have conversation options like `` hmfrhrhfhdgf ... growl '' everywhere . 
  f2 is very detailed in that regard . 
  i jsut realized i wasted 3k + hours on that game , testing out every build :d, 
  with crit maxing take the gobi campaign scout rifle , and later the ycs-186 . 
  you can 1shot anyone living smaller than a deathclaw ( if you aim for the head that is , with sniper perk ) and for the bigger things there is the ycs ( unique gauss rifle ) . 
  also laser commander + pew pew + math wrath + action boy ( etc. 
  ) = have fun escaping from 7 shots per vats round each doing 70 + damage and at least 70 % to crit lol . 
  i dont know , i got 5k + hours in playing the fallout games , if this mod or something only brings switched game mechanics to the table i would probably not play it . 
  i would appreciate a new game with the old f2 mechanics though . 
  even if i equally love the f3 mechanics . . 
  hah yeah , just switch off the sound and read it , then . 
  i preferred to listen tho . 
  - multiplayer . 
  the special system is built so that most of your enemies you encounter already have str , gun skills etc so that the game is already balanced for it . 
  although i would most probably enjoy some co-op style the most . 
  - more realistic armor and weapon settings . 
  for example , in nv there is literally no need to carry a power armor when you can have medium-weight armors with really close dt values . 
  think about it , the t-51b armor gives +1 str that can make you carry 10 pounds more , but it weights 45 pounds itself , 20-30 more than an average medium/light armor ( stealth suit mk2 , reinforced combat armor etc. ), 
  - another thing is weapons , there is no recoil on most of them , and if you fire them it is mostly unnoticed . 
  even throwing a knife and missing should provide enough sound to alert nearby personnel . 
  - destructible environment . 
  i throw a fucking plasma grenade to a room which makes everyone in there blast to pieces of them flying out of the door and the chairs dont even move . . 
  really ??? 
  - since we got 3d and the guns and stuff all have dimensions i would like a backpack represented on your back literally containing everything you carry ( in your backpack that is . 
  not speaking of ammo belts and stuff ) so that a fourth gatling laser wont fit in even if you have the strenth to carry it . 
  - be respectful to the older games , be at least as long as f3 , have enough popculture references and generally appealing to the average gamer ( grapics , easy-to play parts , subtitles , etc ), 
  other than that i just want more fallout stuff , i 'm really into these kind of games . 
  i bet they want to go for the money they can get to spam ads to 130k ppl they hope to get like wickd did . . 
  i smell greed on this one, 
  no its just . . reddit work this way, 
  you sure ? 
  you are from euw iirc :d, 
  yeah i got silver 2 at best after 2 and a half years ( 9k + games ) , no big deal . 
  although i never met similar players . 
  that would imply a 150 + lag difference i think , something that really counts in that level of 1v1 play ... 
  inb4 athene shows up then, 
  lol . . 
  i get replied to an 1 month old comment and it has comments before i could read it . . 
  also to stay on topic of course i know ( that song is a part of something i call `` basic culture '' ) , i was referring to the l-s-d letters mean this song too . 
  to obad the drug was first therefore `` desecrating '' the abbreviation . 
  true . 
  also , this is a reminder that i also replied to a comment of yours, 
  i 've met a legit euw plat5 guy with a silver 4 mmr . 
  he was on tilt , lolking showe his last games 10 losses obviously . 
  anything can happen . 
  playing lonesome road most recently , i wandered into a ruined building 's basement without pipboy light on , at night . 
  i ran into a skull covered in blood . 
  not long after i realized there is blood an innards everywhere and there are skeletons hanging upside down on hooks ... 
  i 'm so happy i dont play on ultra high quality and i was hungry a bit, 
  explorer is not useless , people are just overrating perks . 
  you can have 25 perks in the game , if you keep picking the best perk ever every situation you ran out of perks at like level 20-35 depending on what char you play ( melee weapons need char needs less perks imo ) so you end up having to pick some `` filler '' perk anyway . 
  with explorer it writes down the names of the location too so you can look up some database and walk to a certain location if you want , perfect for a second playthrough when you want to focus on collecting things ,, 
  i admit i took the gcsr from sniperst nes by looking up a wiki article . 
  but if i hadnt , i wouldnt even look the mountain for that nest , so i would miss the best sinper rifle in the game :d, 
  just take jury rigging next time , literally saved 100k 's of caps for me, 
  wtf did i just watch, 
  you forgot, 
  well i got permabanned for casual banter , it wasnt fun . 
  i agree with diamond . 
  yes . 
  forces them to think about themselves , streghtens their self-criticism , the will to become better . 
  i know . 
  i jsut dont give a fuck . 
  that is heavily personality dependent . 
  what im saying that if someone is bad and i tell it to him , that shouldnt count as offense, 
  did i complain ? 
  i said it wasnt fun, 
  i dont really care . 
  i just dont want to be the one to blame when i play good and they play bad . 
  that said , personally i dont usually tell people if they are bad . 
  jsut saying that playing with the feeling that you will get banned for half you want to say , is demotivating . 
  i cant help but notice that the 3rd shot make it so the other two are so much terrible compared to it . . 
  alternatively you can play dead money second for moooooooooooooooneeeeeeeeeyyyyyyy !!, 
  aka adult mode ? 
  hmmmm . 
  probably chidren would play it anyway , still , a warning when they activate that mode would suffice . 
  i 'm all in for it . 
  more like 80 % if you add unrankeds, 
  oh i should have mentioned , i meant in the photographical sense ( lighting , settings etc ) . 
  nothing to do with your looks whatsoever . 
  my bad, 
  some ppl would suck dicks for razor gear so ... 
  do ncr quests elsewhere or kill caesar :d, 
  yep . 
  so . . nope im not gon na try this game lol, 
  if you have gun runners arsenal you need dead money so you can buy sleepytyme and bozar :d they are pretty expensive lol, 
  i 'm going to try to complete it 100 % although i dont know if i can do it , i might accidentally miss quests especially they are unmarked but i will use the wiki page for each town . 
  i 'll try to do the same sequence every time i discover a new location :, 
  - pick up quests . 
  - solve quests solvable here, 
  - loot the place,
