  9/10 very nice teeth !, 
  shows that you care about hygiene, 
  coz then you would just find something else to bitch about, 
  well since any team that is serious about winning takes a full t37 team , no it didnt change . 
  have you heard about mootz ? 
  well , yeah , but that just means you cant shoot anywhere so you have to think where to engage ( flank people , make them turn so you can shoot their sides etc. ) . 
  pz .1 c is a broken tank , not because of the pen , but because of the ridiculous dpm and clip potential while having very few downsides ( basically , armor - but thats also workable ), 
  all in all , you still have to think when you drive a pz .1 c , but it is still the best fun you can achieve in a pew pew tank ( and no pew pew tank ever has good pen for a reason ), 
  edit : cruiser 3 maybe , with the pom pom, 
  still , you will always find something you can brutalize , and you brutalize fast to gain advantage so the rest of the team can take the `` impenetrable '' tier 5s in an unfair fight . 
  yeah `` wg gives * some * money to charity , ewwwwww !!!, 
  see , its free money to the charities still , so you have no right to complain ... 
  as other said , su-122-44 or may i add , e-25 platoons . 
  find a tier 7 game and get agressive positions then wreck shit, 
  yeah , a good idea , although probably those who are discouraged by forcing teamwork would simply not play it so i suspect if would not have that many players, 
  261 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/a3z2vvs.jpg ) is my favourite tear-farmer . 
  the amount of e100s complaining about my ap shell is massive . 
  aim for the hull :d, 
  aw wont be much different in 3 years ... 
  calling it, 
  care to share a template ? 
  and you assume everyone thinks the same , nice egoism bro, 
  thanks !, 
  ( im a total nub at excel ), 
  here is my attempt :d did i fuck up something ? 
  i think hidden village is also shit if you play heavy , because you will become # 1 arty magnet . 
   prem matchmaking can take you a long way . 
  yeah cause the engine cant :d, 
  if you think this is cancer , go play league of legends . 
  i quit that game 2 years ago to play wot and this is a recreational experience to me compared to the lol times . 
  if you want to compare , lets imagine you are playing wot . . with 30 + minute battles where you cant surrender before 20 min . . with the same people . 
  30 minutes is long enough period to bring out the worst from people . 
  and some games last an hour . 
  i can relate . 
  i played lol since season 1 and it was good when we had like 12k players . . now they have a thousand times more , and as you can imagine the cancer is also a thousand times more, 
  no , its open office, 
  oh , by the way , muting doesnt mean shit because even though there is no tk there they can feed ... 
  i forgot to mention that i 'm playing a selfish/neutral character so i probably wont have any strong affiliation with any group ( except ncr very early because some quests for easy leveling like the one in the solar power plant etc. 
  and some legion because i need liked reputation for the lucky shades ) . , but that is only for her own sake - meaning i wont complete any other faction quests ever ), 
  i am also open to suggestions that completely circumvent the idea of resetting to four eyes , i just thought that skilled is the way to go if i want to pass a lot of early checks like goodsprings gunfight ones of the checks required to repair ed-e and ofc the 65 lockpick skill to obtain lucky . 
  the fact that i chose skilled is because if i want to max out my character ( and skill ) points i need to set some special attributes very high and most of them moderate . 
  for example i start with 9 int ( for them skill points ) but with 4 per ( because i will get +1 from implant , +3 from lucky shades , +2 from elite riot gear helm ) so the starting skills percentages are mostly set in stone . 
  i can only vary some of them a little bit since i can only level up once before the 3 or 4 skill checks come with the goodsprings gunfight quest to help ringo . 
  yup . 
  fml, 
  yeah , i did those with the t67 , but sold it , and since i have an e25 i stopped worrying about the damage missions . 
  i remember trying to do td-15 with the e25 , man it was painful ... 
  though i did it with the 122-44 so its something . 
  i 'm quite short on credits since i basically sold everything to get my tier 10s , so all i have in my garage is 1390 , t69 , and the tier 10s : is-7 , cgc , obj . 
  these are quite good for their respective missions but some of the missions will rewuire certain tanks and i 'm yet to figure those out . 
  ( for example there is an arty mission to kill a heavy tank 1 tier higher than me , and obviously the tier 10 arties cant complete this ), 
  right now i completed a lot of the 300k t-55a missions , my goal was to farm 5 mil with those to buy wte100 on sale but i only had about 3mil before the sale ended so i bought the t69 . -, 
  i kinda wan na avoid having to farm 6-8million with nothing but e25 or other prem tank spam . 
  it 's fun but it gets boring after the 30th game lol, 
  o7 5074 , great post . 
  may i add though , that outside of special events ( of which are great , but op cant rely on future events beinh held , eh ? ), 
  there are several other tricks . 
  of which i know some . 
  never retrain a class crew into another class tank , you lose too much xp . 
  when retraining crew and you dont have 3 + skills on it , its best to retrain them to 90 % on the tank and not drop skill , but play them till you get 100 % , because if you drop skills you lose too much on secondary/tertiary skills, 
  if you plan ahead to play a certain tank just to get xp then retrain with gold or something so that the class doesnt matter , its still best to choose the same class , but actually i think what is best to look at the average xp you get in each tank ( service record ) and choose the highest one on the same class . 
  for example , i have researched the wte100 and the jagdpanther 2 with the same crew . 
  but now that i might buy some tank to keep in those tech trees , i will need a new crew for them . 
  lets look at the jagdpanther for example ( maybe i wan na research the ferdi too ) . 
  i look at my service record , sort tanks by average xp and you see , my highest avg xp earning german td of mine is the jagdtiger 8.8 . 
  therefore if i want a jagdpanther crew to have a certain skillset ( lets say , 6th + bia ) from scratch , the fastest way to do it , is to buy y new crew for the jagdpanther , put them in the jt88 and pew pew . 
  wouldnt it be easier in the isu tho ? 
  i remember doing the 5k for t28 with it . 
   get your su-14-1 or s-51, 
  got 3 stars in the s-51 so might rebuy it :d, 
  pro tip : if you `` know how to play the game '' , you dont . 
  a true master is an eternal student . 
  isu has worse weaknesses . 
  batchat has same , although probably less camo . 
  but the pak40s will have to turn to fire at him, 
  1c-s and 8 wespe . 
  yolo him with the pz . 
  1cs , kepp him spotted with the remaining ones then permatrack with wespes . 
  this depends on the map though , so might replace wespes with cruiser 2 . 
  for damage i think a chi-ha or even pz 1c with apcr would be better, 
  thanks !, 
  perception can be tricky , to get it to 7 i need the beret , the implant and party time mentants ( or absinthe + mentats , do they stack ? ), 
  lockpick is redundant since i need 65 in primm , so is intelligence 7 but i will have trouble with grinding out the others , meaning i need more time and xp than i thought . 
  also i 'm retarded . 
  the starting skills doesnt matter before the goodsprings gunfight because you can rebuild character with the xp you got or you can simply leave town , farm some geckos for a level then come back . . 
  good thing i didnt play that char much :d, 
  i just cleared nipton in my new playthrough , let me just check, 
  edit : yep , i got a plasma rifle , but it is from the town hall itself iirc . 
  i remember some great loot ( laser rcw in jean sky diving and basically looting everything between goodsprings and nipton ) , but i 'm pretty sure there is no pr lying around that area . 
  maybe the secret stash of major steyn at nipton road rest stop ? 
  perhaps a nipton, 
  house ? 
  waaargh my brain is melting . 
  edit2 : oh perhaps the second floor of bison steve ? 
  do you have a metal armor too ? 
  edit3 : og i read the wiki that some loot in bison steve and elsewhere are random weapons . 
  there is a locker inside which is openable by a key lying around and , apparently , or at least the wiki states so , there is a random weapon inside . 
  i guess i got lucky with the rcw because usually , afaik , i get a laser rifle or a plasma pistol or something . 
  it doesnt have much use anyways , lucky is a better weapon than any of those . 
  btw , when i was writing my above command i was extremely sleep deprived so i kinda just wrote what i thought , so take it that way .
