  i theorycraft a lot and i managed to build her in ways that give her more power . 
  it 's like i care about her . 
  twitch . 
  press r , watch them melt, 
  i 'm just bookmarking the thread for later use , thanks . 
  roam eve ganks mid level 1 forces flash, 
  sorry , had to let it out, 
  mantheon works really well , and has similar ganking tools . 
  works . 
  every . 
  time . 
  happy cakeday !, 
  how much you sell that ahri for ? 
  bigger than mundo , lol, 
  generalwiser is the reason for me investing my time and effort to this game . 
  when i was just a n00b i watched a lot fo his videos recorded pros playing champs so i can get better . 
  i learned a lot from these : lasthitting , tricks , etc. 
  ( wish you never put up [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egaehh5ktmy ) video though ... it was the final thing to decide about my new main ), 
  ahh good old 1200 elo time forcing a 20 min surrender with legendary level 8 roaming eve :d, 
  yorick can mid with an ap top, 
  i own all eve skins , come at me bro, 
  exactly this . 
  ( bring on the dw 's lol , i dw ), 
  i tohught i play a decent ad carry then i read about how doublelift plays ( like taking the enemy carry 's autoattack animation cd into account when harassing with autos wtf ) then i was like ... okay , still lightyears to go, 
  poe 's law in action . 
  i 's a good rune page for starters and that 's that . 
  why do you have to make a totally useless comment , whyyyyyyyyyy, 
  would buy orianna for this, 
  inb4 `` riot hire this man '' :d, 
  great piece , keep it up, 
  ... until level 7, 
  try it vs rumble . 
  kennen then ? 
  so what , you cant do anything about it , and it is not cheating as it is not against the rules . . kinda like the shark dress at the olypmpics, 
  he speaks of me ^ ^, 
  eve roam twitch jungle, 
  or eve jungle twitch ad, 
  and then no ip at level 30 cuz u had to spend it all on champs to even be able to play ranked , lol, 
  dont think so , because it doesnt add up ? 
  i 'd say the all-skillshot champs ( lux , ezreal ) or viktor . . 
  but we all know the answer is eve, 
  . . coz you have to be skilled as fuck to win a game with her ... 
  erm . . no ? 
  enemy movement prediction is a skill . 
  allow me to hijack this comment please . 
  i found your flair interesting . . what is a quaker exactly ? 
  i 'd google it , but . . you know . . there are . . erm ... more common uses for that word, 
  imo no , after 120 games i stopped playing him because he doesnt snowball as hard as mundo , shyvana or nocturne . 
  since you have to carry to stomp pubs , there is a need for every single kill to be valued . 
  warick just . . better toplane , and even up there he has lower snowball than riven or panth . 
  exactly this is why the dota2 community will have the same fate as the lol community . 
  i prefer staying with lol , finding diamonds in dirt is more fun for me than just travel to elsewhere where is no dirt , 
  i 'd put kennen on top because , it 's better to have someone blue-user at mid ? 
  or , play against a twitch . 
  oh boy i would have done the same too . . , 
  what about olaf ? 
  wouldnt he fit better ? 
  sex pistols always performed with the drummer being on front iirc, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  erm , thats yorick and morde ? 
  which band has 3 guitarists ? 
  ( iron maiden has 4 ), 
  and even if so , wasnt they supposed to be a 5-member band where we got sona on synth and karthus as singer ? 
  that leaves 1 lead , 1 solo guitars , only the drummer missing ... 
  true , but consider steve harris as a guitarist because i see a guitar in his hands lol . 
  i 'm not an expert though . . 
  i really hoped he didnt misunderstand my joke as it was about a cat fighting twitch . . a rat . 
  it doesnt have anything to do with things that cripple the rat ... 
  you know . . cat   mouse, 
  reaping in 50 karma for reiterating a lame , overused , and rude joke for the 2335th time . 
  just fuck you ... 
  try boots 3 pots ( mana ofc :d ) and it may be easier to escape from jungle ganks, 
  endgame , with maxed cdr ( like every suport should have ) and a bit of tankiness ( aegis yo ) it should be fairly easy to farm q and become a lategame monster anyway . 
  but . . chaox used to build manamune . . on kog !, 
  i think nottingham ezreal is a bit more troll because it 's legacy skin now ... :d, 
  also mercs, 
  it 's not like i dont have pfe lol . 
  i just love to troll my teammates . 
  they see the pfe summoner icon , i instalock ez . . `` lol nottingham ez wtf ? '', 
  reminds me of these 16 bit games ... damn nostalgic , 
  wow so fucking original joke, 
  when i was level 10 i already bought evelynn and never lost a game with her until i went to ranked . 
  when i was level 10 people were more generous so nobody raged at my pick . 
  when i was level 10 i raped tryndameres and master yis with ap eve . 
  when i was level 10 i thought this is a great game with great community and i found my main . 
  bitch deserved it for dumping his boyfriend, 
  play him as a jungler . 
  rush triforce . 
  no joke . 
  enjoy tons of damage, 
  3x lb proc a bit too much during stun no ? 
  iplying you use it as soon as its off cd you need at least 4 sec . 
  stun was 1.5 or 2 sec iirc, 
  and bunnygirl riven, 
  just like it should , taking entertainment value into account :d, 
  nooo my secret build, 
  triforce atmogs is the shit . 
  * generic qq about how does it offends eve players *, 
  ** scarra ** . 
  he plays very good , explains everything , communicates with team , admits mistakes , * never rages , * generally a very good guy .
