  hotshot played a fair bit of irelia too , he build aegis to phage every game iirc . 
  he had moderate success afaik, 
  i 'm not a bot , it just happens to be my username :d, 
  elited vk is awesome though , with the waffe . 
  going though tier 7 heavies from the front , with ease :d, 
  i watched the whole thing at its amazing ( not necessarily in the positive sense though ) , thank you for sharing . 
  yeah so they can fuck over the low-end computers ( that take out 80 % of the playerbase ) even more, 
  ca n't we report / pickofdeadkids to police ? 
  edit . 
  typo intentional . 
  you know what im talking about, 
  agreed, 
  yeah , it can pen most t5 tanks side or rear that arent heavy . 
  ( with the 2cm flak obv ), 
  use the 5cm with nothing but gold , tada you are now a med, 
  well technically this is true for every single tank , when you hit the shell you are currently reloading another one . 
  yep , grille the reaper of togs, 
  ehm , the t34-85 is better than the type in every single way, 
  if you are looking for gun performance , use the cgc :d, 
  its basically a panther with a better gun tho, 
  if you wan na statpad , load full gold in the flak , 51 pen is nice . 
   infant, 
  kek, 
  well it sure makes friends lol, 
  yeah , but doing 1.5 k dmg in a t-34 is not that rare . 
  another same kind of tank he t49 , i have 1.1 k avg damage , so i get 1.5 k games quite often , i would guess you could do that in a t-34 as well . 
  and malz q, 
  wtf 2 flairs ? 
  who the fuck plays so much in the shittiest scout ever that he has 7 crew skills in it . . 
  oh no , im a clg fan , but thanks . 
  what ? 
  fucking report them somewhere , this is disgusting, 
  never go full retard . 
  yeah , he is basically an assassin without any gapcloser , defense , steroid or targeted poke . 
  his damage potential is the best in the game , so i would say he is like orianna without the cc but better damage . 
  his w alone does 60 % of the enemy max hp lategame ... 
  recently i had success playing him 9/0/21 and boots start = kite mage . 
  then again ahri outclasses him in that regard . 
  all i could really think of malz 's strengths besides his damage , is his defense potential , pushing , and dueling . 
  i would say he has great splitpush potential ( you can 1shot the 6 creeps with q and e the cannon minion ) , but then again , he would need to win a solo lane for that . . and its hard if they have a jungler . 
  kinda like ap kog : yeah i can have sick damage , just suck my dick for 30 minutes . 
  absolutely not . 
  you need boots , rabadons , zhonyas and void staff as core , then you can need 1 cd item and one more utility/def item . 
  cd item is usually dfg ( when i have blues and bluepot ) or athenes , and the extra item you can have roa or rylais ( but only for hp really ) , i tend to use aa staff for even more ap . 
  my build would be ( in ideal circumstances ) tear to dfg then zhonyas , raba , voidstaff then aa staff . 
  poke with q + e , and when a atnk comes to you dfg + wr is more than enough to 1shot anything . 
  ( because you have 700ish ap ), 
   tfw french are stronger than anyone , in any war, 
  ftfy, 
  with what gun ? 
  that woudl look like a pimper version of pax sivir , i like the idea . 
  so . . shit, 
  well they played against dia 2 . . as plat5, 
  you forgot tier 5 where the grille shines . 
  to be fair hungarian is a hard language, 
  wasnt he the guy who voiced arthas ? 
  no , the tank just becomes un-elited . 
  any convertable xp remaining on it will appear as xp just like before you elited the tank . 
  my advice would be , dont research anything , you can always do it later . 
  damn , it would have been really cool though , as they share a line `` for my father , the king ! '', 
  other than that , does my point stand ? 
   but you do call someone who casually plays games a ` gamer ' . 
  i wouldnt . . `` gamer '' in my dictionary is someone who plays it not only as a hobby but as a lifestyle , or addiction , or . . job . 
  and morg shield, 
  at theat point hes more like `` it '' than `` he '', 
  that 's a lot of gun elevation ... 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm trying for 6 hours but nothing came to my inbox , and i exhausted all the options on your channel about what videso to watch , and now im even more hyped . 
  this game looks awesome !, 
  i like how you pointed out that you are still asian - to be honest , i wouldnt think after a quick glance at the second pic . 
  obviously its recognizable , but not as much as on the first pic . 
  that said it has nothing to do with you becoming more attractive - good job on growing up . d, 
  7/10 but the hair ... 11/10, 
  wait so beta is out already ? 
  and im sitting here registering a beta key every 3 hours and getting no response ... fml . 
   we have a beta key giveaway going on right now on reddit, 
  wow , where ? 
  edit : nvm, 
  what got me interested is that it is very similar to chess but more entertaining and less theory to memorize . 
  i think it will be a good `` mindgame '' . 
  no , i mean i got absolutely no response , no emails , nothing . 
  even though i entered my email on prismata.net like 10 times . 
  [ it 's so fluffy !, 
  ] ( http://www.thehandmadehome.net/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/its_so_fluffy.jpg ), 
  warlord shen autoattack animation feels so much responsive imo , any confirmation ? 
  nah , better just use braille tablets . 
  except a b2 is better in almost every aspect . 
  but thats like saying the pz1c is bad in tier 10 games, 
  you mean it has less armor ? 
  weird , i recall the opposite, 
  did they chage it or are my sources wrong ? 
  lol, 
  the sex never bothered you anyway, 
  i dont know why , but it really fits in the scene , at least for me . 
  this point you ring up i only understood when i realized the only joke i get offednde on is the `` hungary-hungry '' one . 
  because i 'm hungarian . 
  therefore i think the only people who can have opinion about this are the ones who get offended , because the others are just bystanders who `` dont know why you dont get the joke haha '', 
  can adian too ? 
  i dont really know , it just gets me angry a little . 
  i 'm not even slightly conservative , so no rustling my nationalist jimmies here .
