  probably because look exceptionally good , lol, 
  or you have a different taste, 
  they can all go mid as ap, 
  not full ap , but some early ap helps for q spam . 
  especially if you play him mid . 
  i remember alex ich playing him mid often , going sunfire to abyssal to shurelyas to rabadons to frozen heart, 
  it 's the late work of gaud\u00ed . 
  most of his autobiographers consider it art nouveau ( jugendstil ) and mention it along with victor horta and gall\u00e9 . 
  clearly his style were born in the wakes of eclecticism ( he was a friend of viollet-le-duc ) and regional historical styles , most notably mud\u00e9jar , which he gradually developed into something he called `` organic '' . 
  so , although i dont deny that his works are surreal , it can not be boxed onto a style , but if needed i would call it `` organic style '' ( like hundertwasser ) or , as some autobiograpers do , `` gaudinist '' , as he had many followers and even made an inspiration in many other art styles too . 
  sorry , gaud\u00ed nerd here, 
  you will regret it later . . 
  i did that too . . 
  i think we need as much time with girls as we can , just to practice , i 'm 25 and i feel awkward because for like 8 years `` i didnt feel like it '' to get in relationships lol . 
  thanks . 
  i looked deeper to the issue and it turned out the problem was that i downloaded everything , but for the wrong version of tekkit :( it fixed now , thanks, 
  never ever you are going to be autoattacking with eve . 
  if you go near melee range you get bursted even with tanky builds . 
  you are a melee carry , and the w sticking power is what lets you get away with building mostly damage . . 
  it 's `` your trynd ult '' . 
  ravage range is the closest you should be to people , and only for the casting time . 
  after that , back off and spam q. 
  so , ad has absolutely no use , you have no cc to be a tank/offtank , ad ratios are shit and a 110 % as boost for 3 sec doesnt make you a melee ad carry . 
  full ap all the way . 
  ( dfg to abyssal , that is . 
  sometimes you dont even have to buy raba ), 
  everyone upvote this, 
  now !!, 
  and my tits, 
  i want to lane against froggen, 
  if you dont count irelia , lol, 
  though he havennt played in his poppy only acc for 2 months ... 
  it was like this when darius came out , he counters poppy harder than olaf :(, 
  that . . and he can rush sunfire, 
  not even that . . that subreddit is way too much about just doing the same religious bigots do . 
  i only got this when i press space and tab at once . 
  weird, 
  gives burst which she needs . 
  also mostly for dfg ult e instakill, 
  if gothic reminds you of anime , tsomething is wrong, 
  dam i d like the ip too , lol, 
  i can not be seen, 
  he joined an aram ( of mine ) once when his 1900 elo was top 10 :d and randomed eve , still carried lol . 
  well gragas was made as a tanky dps jungle when he came out . . 
  gaming stuff takes 90 % of his space ... ssssssssssure, 
  because normally it would be the other way . 
  people learn about gothic first ... or no ? 
  or maybe . . just maybe . . karmawhoring, 
  seriously ? 
  even eve is more versatile . . 
  master yi , eve , mordekaiser , karma and heimer . 
  because fuck you , thats why, 
  this one is better ^ ( because it has eve ), 
  or lb, 
  eve is an assassin ... 
  and honestly , she has no curved skillsots, 
  yea i quit it about the same time , it became really boring and repetitive . 
  omg why this isnt the top comment, 
  let me decide that , k ? 
  why ? 
  ca n't people dissolve knots ? 
  i never used any ties ever , anywhere and i was fine . 
  always solved the problem . 
  sometimes it was tough . . but it 's just brain . . ? 
  edit : well yeah . 
  i like the challenge , if i can say . 
  was a poetic question . 
  in reality i dont give a fuck about what you think about me and the topic `` am i really sorry '' wasnt open for discussion . 
  you can go project your abusive father elsewhere . 
  edit : wow downvoting hatesquad too stronk , nerf plz, 
  honestly as an avid cp player i experienced better results by going massive armor pen and rushing brutalizer then going crit . 
  since as critplank you need to own the enemy hard jsut to get snowballed it 's better imo , to set up a curve . 
  8-10 % lifesteal ( dorans , mastery ) is enough because you are a carry , later you build bt like a carry so it 's ok . 
  with brutalizer rush you get true , or close to true dmg on most toplaners so your damage hits a peak . 
  it falls off , but hopefully you abused it enough so it doesnt matter that much , and when the enemy `` comes back '' you already have an ie lw or something . 
  kind of a high rish high reward . 
  get cheap damage then pump the advantage it gives to the lategame and pray it comes fast . 
  can work on melee carries that generally use pd but need a better midgame snowballing curve by rushing brut for the early damage . 
  also gimmicky builds like ad eve , critplank , and ... * drumroll * support ashe, 
  shhh akali and eve bot nice with some ad , 
  nobody builds mallet on akali but i think its nicer . 
  gives about the same offense ( remember the passive ? ), 
  and a better slow ... 
  never underestimate the power of having 2 more parrley harass ... 
  or jsut recall and tp back to lane , trololo, 
  compared to the others i wan na emphasize on the comboes with this item . 
  stay the same but maybe give it a passive which also enables the spreaded attack to proc on hit effects including cc . 
  bearslap two people , shred more % hp with kog 's w or madreds but my favourite would be ... 
  ww ult an entire enemy team :d, 
  ( with the cost of having no defense as ww with 2k gold , though ), 
  try tiamat nasus . 
  so hilarious . 
  ( yes i fucking know it , i meant the ult + ad ), 
  the probem is that it doesnt comboes with other items . 
  liek you never gon na buy madreds or malady after it , maybe wits but thats all . . 
  whereas other items combo hard by nature ( pd ie etc ), 
  locket barrier lee sin on arams . . fuck that shit, 
  one of the things i like ; an item which you can buy in soloq to snowball hard . 
  some games , at one point you will have 2100 bonus gold . 
  maybe the extra tankiness and dmg will help more than an aegis .
