  i just prefer using the condenser for it as it keeps the underworld intact , i mean i dont have to mine that much so i can build underground . 
  i like to build massive things underground . 
  also , during mining i may lose interest . 
  i 'm just not that kind of guy who likes monotone work . 
  plus , with the alchemical tome i can make leaves easy , for my project :d, 
  even if it would give more movement speed , most of the duration is wasted trying to reach the enemy again after stopping . 
  also , what pirate can not shoot pistol while walking ? 
  tl ; dr : even darius is more op than him . 
  i 'm sorry but ww r doesn `` procs on hit '' the wa gp q does . 
  sure it procs tiamat and wits end and the like but doesnt procs sheen or mallet . 
  also it 's magic damage so i 'm fairly sure it doesnt count as an autoattack for tabi . 
  especially with the new wording in the description . 
  what feature would you like to see on a future toplane champion ? 
  i prefer the er combo, 
  ... on ap mf :d, 
  tacostorm < 3, 
  dirt on his monitor perhaps :d, 
  omg , muffit of frontpage . . 
  run !!!, 
  jk jk , great job man, 
  soory no just drank coffee need elo brb going into ranked wish me luck 1200 heere i comeeeeee, 
  you sick fuck ... 
  ... and play with phreak ? 
  ( lost all the games tho ), 
  / r/frugal, 
  best . 
  ever . 
  ( for ppl who have fear to click . . its about tips on how you live more financially effective ), 
  he does, 
  stfu, 
  well as long as you build him ad carry , lol, 
  and for my dick, 
  this is basically treating your `` autoattack nearest enemy '' as a spell on a. 
  it makes sense , because basically it is a spell - it has animation time , cooldown ( 1/as ) and damage . 
  more like, 
  buy tiamat, 
  only for original target . 
   highest early damage, 
  except urgot you mean ? 
  that has nothing to do about damage . 
  i could write `` strut out of ezreal w , proceed to werck ezreal '' but that doesnt mean mf  ez, 
  you dont realize im talking about damage ? 
  not fucking play stlye and shit, 
  urgot base damage values on skills are high . 
  this is a fucking fact . 
  get over it, 
  i dont see how you dont get my point . 
  from now on i wont even get into a discussion with you , and you get marked as ignorant . 
  i play games like this every day . 
  too bad the other 12 games arent this good, 
  i 'd say his damage output is unmatched , amongst ad rangeds . 
  in melees there is always herpaderpamere and dunkmaster, 
  f\u00f3t , hungary - northeast from budapest, 
  wtf that username ... lol, 
  at least you have a dad to stay with, 
  no , i killed him . 
  though i beat anything with ad malz . 
  thank you , now it 's sausage all over my monitor ... 
  well yeah . 
  part of the reasonim in reddit all day instead of with my family . 
  but see the good things even in bad things  and say thanks for things you got and the others dont . 
  like , i have both parents and imgrateful for that . 
  their personality . . other story . 
  i 'm 1090 elo and better than 99 % of the community : dd, 
  eve is an ap carry now . 
  can top or mid . 
  jungle she got not really good farm . 
  no need to rush rabadon , you can go dfg -  abyssal -  ga or rab . 
  18 flowers here ... got a condenser full of rm furnace stacks :d, 
  zs\u00edr :d, 
  gentleman cho and aliendinger . 
  and on yi - . -, 
  nasus : the cycle of life and death discontinues, 
  `` hi guys i play eve mid '', 
  best reason to ban eve, 
  it 's op actually , too bad still nothing stops retards to think going eve is troll, 
  both wrong . 
  more like adpg or something now , as there is no mid if there is only 1 lane :d, 
  pick yi , pick tp , stack ad + as , push towers then tp to fights , or tp to backdoor , tp to push . . tp is awesomely retardedly op on yi, 
  ... who has both ad , as , movespeed , and armor boosts + a self heal . 
  toplane ww it might me interesting , for example if you are contering your lane so hard you dont need 21 def mastery you could take the xp masteries as well , steal a big wraith or something , push the fuck our of your lane opponent and gank mid . 
  in jungle , no . 
  you need every thing to be even on-par with the fotm bullshits like naut or skarner . 
  hm . . and tf mid making your slower jungle worth it . . :d, 
  i know . . 
  i never do, 
  upvote this good joke . . 
  fuck the laugh , what about her, 
  i only said tp is good on yi because he has steroids making backdooring a tower easier . 
  nothing more . 
  and do some research before stating bullshit . 
  i 'm level 30 ... since like 2 years, 
  except if you are yi , rammus , or a ghosting eve, 
  ** evelynn the widowmaker - why low remake invented ? 
  / thread :d, 
  could use some more decoration and light but looks nice . 
  anyway , what texturepack you using ? 
  looks like sphax purebdcraft but for me that doesnt completely displaces all the textures ; some of them ( for example kleinstar ) remain the same . 
  i heard somewhere that you have to combine 2 rar files , is that true ? 
  halp pls ; _ ;,
