  at least you got something  . , 
  now imagine yi, 
  i like it , cant understand the contrast between the rustick windows/walls and the lace-worked balustrade though . 
  to me it looks too `` mannered '', 
  full cdr runes on shaco :d, 
  channel time , derp, 
  next level promoting right there, 
  what the fuck you are yelling at, 
  this comes up in my games frequently , i usually say i got 700 + games with eve , would be nice to know the exact amount . 
  without tibbers , half the power . 
  might just enslave one if tibbers is lost huh ? 
  the secret is bookmarks . 
  bookmarks everywhere, 
  looks like we got a typical case of rtfm here . 
  master yi is the backdoor hero . 
  ghostblade is all he needs to rape tower anuses . 
  builds from avarice which is very good to get early then as yi is a farm-reliant champion . 
  plus , takes only 1 slot which you might need . 
  edit : yi is a jungler lol, 
  fuck this , i 'm playing yi and farming everything before my team even reaches them . 
  as a gangplank , pimpin aint easy !, 
  buy a bigger monitor, 
  just to get dfg ulted by mordekaiser , hue, 
  taric with a turd on his head , disagrees, 
  no no no, 
  agreed , no good skins . . because all of them are awesome, 
  just noble man , respecting enemy, 
  his w animation looks nice though . 
  chocolate !, 
  thats the point !, 
  shadow eve reminds me of old eve , so rustic it feels like beating the enemies with a broken spoon instead of a baseball bat which makes it more exciting , 
  masquerade eve . . the best skin ever . 
  the colors is just so harmonious and dem curves, 
  tango eve is like a grown-up version , a bit more serious and fancy . 
  it 's like she is dressed for the occasion . 
  press w , dance with death . . 
  i 'm still awaiting to use it versus karthus . 
  any swain skin, 
  of course after masquerade eve . . my favourite ~ ~ sex slave ~ ~ ap carry, 
  also deletes the scoreboard , wtf, 
  buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurn, 
  agreed . 
  my cs went up about 20 % after the warlord skin sale becaust its so easy to cancel animation with those better aa anims, 
  swap frostass irelia for masquerade eve and we are all set, 
  [ all ] master yi bot : your skills are inferior, 
  wake up, 
  asdfasdgasdfsadfffadsfadasfaf breakup, 
  [ all ] karma bot : omg report trundle for trolling, 
  sooooo . . you ` rre sstill laughing ? 
  `` more chin than in a chinese phonebook '' is a pretty common way to insult fat people, 
   as a paying customer, 
  stopped reading at this point . 
  no it just bothers me that he brings this up . 
  like he gets more care by mentioning it . . its `` distinctionalism '', 
  its not supporting . 
  its in return of their content which is the part they are gonig well . 
  the bad-working part is the free part . 
  too bad now the whole reddit know your username , silver scrub . 
  also worked really well with rammus/shen/galio :d, 
  jesus muffit , chill . 
  wasnt your joke detector tingling ? 
  or `` look i have a bigger penis '' tower . 
  it started with the eiffel tower . . long ago, 
  please i cant type lolking.net in my browser riot pls, 
  no he just tried to farm karma with replying to a top comment with an overused shitty joke . 
  kat and tryn . 
  i feel dizzy , 
  does it mean it applies to , like fizz q as well , then applies tia again coz the spell applies on hit effects ? 
  ( fizz would be fucking broken ... ), 
  / r/leagueoflegendsmeta, 
  lets upvote this so people will see the real face of the community . 
  edit : kirakai , i just gave you 1k karma . 
  you are welcome , merry christmas , 
  fuck you all, 
  as a support player i totally eve this idea, 
  that came out wrong ... 
  thanks , 
  lol no, 
  only english countries, 
  wolves, 
  teemo is small t , get your shit together . 
  isnt it penii ? 
  in addition to what others said - he is obsessed with kennen and he is famous for it . 
  like . . he literally loves kennen . 
  at the end of the guide he writes `` there is porn about kennen and me '', 
  i 'm not saying if this is good or bad . 
  in fact i respect him for being so upfront about it . 
  ^ ( maybe because i have similar feelings about eve . . ), 
  it 's called addiction . 
  ult + sotd active 3hit carry , i 'm calling it . 
  the night is my faiiiil, 
  what about shunpo , 0 mana longer range , better ap ratio and has a dmg reduction, 
  ryze portrait with blitz skills , legit . 
  had 600 + cs in less than 40 minutes , but it was tiamat sion so it doesnt really count lol . 
  too bad dfg has lower range than ult, 
  kog is bad with hurricane , except if you build him proc . 
  ad kog runs with the normal build though . 
  on a sidenote , i 'd try muramana hurricane kog mid ... 
  graves, 
  you forgot `` le '',
