  my computer is so shit it barely runs lol . 
  ward her junle camps not the bushes . 
  same with illaoi top , 
  that 's why he will not be as famous as other ` stars ' here . 
  not an easily rememberable name . 
  also a good way to deal with it . 
  lets out the frustration . 
  please . 
  do it . 
  it will be epic . 
  how do they let boys wrestle with girls?i dont understand, 
  so , she is nobody ? 
  like . . the cathedral, 
  i mean vayne is a girl, 
  you mean crit :d, 
  actually they arent even close to beging the best ; world of tanks has like 4 times the f2p -  payer counversion rate, 
  you can play literally anything to silver 1, 
  uh , elaborate please ? 
  ( on the cancer part ), 
  i remember playing ap gp and shit in silver , people jsut dont give a fuck there . 
  might as well have fun . 
  gold is not so different either . 
  right now im climbing with toplane eve with 70 % + winrate . 
  ppl jsut dont know what the fuck to do against it . 
  i 'd go as far as to say odd picks work even better sometimes because of the surprise factor . 
  hm , seems to me just the average entitled celeb . 
  would n't call it cancer , it doesnt seem deliberate - imo he just dont know how to be a decent person about this . 
  ( i mean i would probably do the same because i dont know what the fuck to do . 
  seems like he jsut needs a better manager . 
  definitely asshole-ish though ), 
  she identifies as a man . . oh the irony, 
  if only sargon would have the same salary huh, 
  i see that is an area eve lacks in , but i feel like that 's a trade for her excellent assasination skills, 
  no idea, 
  heh , i preferred the old w actually , but i guess 60 seconds of twitch q nowadays would be insanely broken . 
  melt ? 
  was your book from steel ? 
  bring back old w with less stealth time lol that would be nice, 
  nope , old w used to stun, 
  i 'll be honest , most of those plays were really bad , you left things like a 3v1 kill in a montage which supposed to show skill . 
  i 'm sure you do have skill , this montage was more like damage porn though . 
  a lot of the times i just kept shaking my head . . 
  there was an instance where you spammed q on a target with e ready resulting in a much later kill , e-ing into jax e , etc. . not gon na break it down honestly but those things should be pretty standard . . you e for movespeed also , because w passive gives you ms on spell hit and e hits twice , together with q its 3 stacks on w instantly . 
  ult gives shield not just a damge tool etc etc. 
  looks like you are not an eve main . . or a bad one . 
  no offense . 
  i 'm sure you are a great player . 
  the plays showcased are just commonplace even in gold elo , honestly . 
  even my stupid ass gets 40 + kills every 5th game or so, 
  two little beautiful girls, 
  eerie ? 
  7/10 - no smile with teeth pic, 
  i dont know if it helps , but maybe you should ask her what does she do to make it bearable for herself . 
  to see if she shares your pain . 
  if she just shrugs it off its bad . 
  but i 've heard that sex work is totally different from making love - maybe ask her how is it different for her exactly . 
  that would make it also more bearable to you ? 
  sorry for my poor english there, 
  same with nasus ult its basically also a heal, 
  reported . 
  `` independent '' my ass . 
  have you tried asking her why she hates you so much ? 
  perhaps even if she doesnt answer you could get some info about what is happening outside of your control . 
  or just try to get her to `` drop something '' about what really is happening with her and your parents . 
  the `` web '' was made available to the public in 1993 april ... it was invented in 1989 though, 
  and oversensitivity  . <, 
  jesus fuck its the least mature argument ever . 
  mooom i suck at this game , . . make it easier !, 
  that is what i mean , he missed it by . . not much i guess, 
  no offense , but you make no point . 
  literally anything can carry you to gold 1 , i just played ad carry evelynn there ( and i did many times on plat too ) . 
  the shit i saw ... you only need basic understanding of the game , and you have to suck 4 teammates dick to win thats it . 
  i suppose you are right , gold elo is real hard to carry in terms of mechanics alone . 
  i mean you can be 6-0 and do everything right and then still lose because you took 2 cs as a jjungler lvel 2 and tilter your top so he feeds or something . 
  so what i mean is that you can carry mechanically yes , but dst is much easier . 
  / mute all pretty much needed in all cases though, 
  on gold elo , just stay with your team . 
  they dont understand splitpush . 
  get advantage then kinda just give solokills up so that you can get your team to fight the teamfights . 
  usually i sit on my adc and kill any divers/tanks that are trying to kill it . 
  for this you prolly need to go something tanky as well . 
  same really, 
  getting ping spammed when im getting caught so i cant focus on juking, 
  i 'm dizzy . . where am i, 
  this one is my favourite, 
  i saw some events like this and it always happened because of the receiving end had no idea how to handle the situation . 
  it was too awkward for them . 
  perhaps give a it a little time ? 
  ethan you know it 's not fake, 
  wtf did i just read, 
  top : eve, 
  jungle : eve, 
  support : umm . . flash ignite `` support '' eve, 
  all the time ? 
  where do you live m8 ? 
  workorce is just as expendable as toilet paper lol, 
  next offense, 
  it 's not yelling , but yasuo is, 
  so nothing , pretty much, 
  i 'd prefer a certain other female champ,
