  he has the right to , but if he wants an answer from him , being polite helps . 
  that 's my point . 
  well , if you think demanding and judgemental behaviour in conversation with a politician doesnt decrease your chances of getting a response , i 'm okay with your opinion . 
  you wont get a response though ( to be more specific you are less likely to get one ) and unless op answers i rest my case . 
  yeah , i can see that point , but in reality people dont like to get abused . 
  well no , it is qute like the opposite , that is why even slight impoliteness like that can get noticed by me . 
  but that is none of your business and doesnt really have any correlation to my original point, 
  gp and lux . 
  spot on comparison , even the age difference . 
  that is how i won my first ranked game with zed . 
  i was gonig to jungle but the swap failed an i was stuck with a champ i never played , in ranked . 
  i proceeded to just ult and then smash keyboard , at one point i was 8/1 iirc . 
  fun times . 
  i bought him because he was fotm back then and wanted to be able to swap . 
  besides it was my old account which had all runes and 20 pages , so nothing other to spend ip on , than champs . 
  e-25 , because i 'm a massive camo-abuser faggot, 
  nah pz1cs usually get spotted before they spot you , and you can shotgun ( or snipe ) them to death, 
  dont go close the them . 
  their super low ben can bounce on the edge of your viewrange, 
  wow, 
  aww yiss . 
  good old ut . 
  no ... not the 2003 one . . the 1999 one, 
  yes , they got like 23 pen which cecreases over distance . 
  for example they cant pen anything on province from the usual camping bushes, 
  mwhahahahah salty much, 
  it will be , everyone will have it , they will try it for a few games , will suck dick then abandon or resell it . 
  personally , i have a tog , but almost never touched it . 
  i need to get a sixth sense brit heavy crew first , and currently im on tier 5 , 
  finally , someone who isnt below 30 and doesnt have huge cleavage . 
  woosh, 
  just commenting to increase the number of people on `` the same page '' about the issue . 
  just ready what the guy said above me , again . 
  and again , if you dont believe it . 
  until you do . 
  you can experience it , get a jt88 in a game where you are the only t8, 
  basically an item for 2000g that has the efficiency of somewhere between bt and wits end ... 
  it would be still broken with 500g more cost imo, 
  rhb as in rheinmetall-borsig ? 
  edit : apparently its rh\u00e4tische bahn . 
  damn wot, 
  it takes 15 min to farm out feral , and for some champs like yi it gives as much power as a bt . 
  i dont see where the comparison is . 
  avarice is meaningless compared to wriggles, 
  you just have to choose your ganks and counterganks more carefully , because assists give feral stack as well , so inbetween camps you can look for a dragon or a tp gank bot etc. 
  fighter tank : mundo . 
  bonus points for being crazy, 
  support : thresh . 
  so much outplay potential, 
  ap : my main malzahar . 
  kiting all day , and w+r kills everyone lategame . 
  without a doubt the most damage potential of all mages , throughout all stages of the game ( thought level 1-5 its mostly phyiscal dmg from passive ), 
  assassin : eve . 
  i played since the sorakabot style , that 's all . 
  try syndra , malz , brand , or ahri . 
  even ryze, 
  well technially after the war the pershing was calssified as a heavy, 
  erm , that might be the case , my memory can fail me sometimes, 
  you have an advantage over the elderly in terms of concentration power, 
  hm . . thats a valid point . 
  however , if you find youself winning to much i would leave if i were you . 
  best not to spoil all their fun, 
  yeah , figured that out like 20 seconds later  . , 
  also he flamed a lot more but i was in the middle of a fast game so i didnt cap it, 
  yeah , to be clear it is not about the french speaking , its about the flaming after when i politely asked him . 
  so you , while doing something i dont really like to see , at least you are polite . 
  my only concern is about bananasplit telling me to fuck off multiple times . 
  damn , it feels bad getting 2 free wins from you . . 
  ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ little, 
  thanks , you too , 
  11 years here , getting better lately . 
  maybe you will , too . 
  wish you all the best !, 
  yeah but we got report/ban system on those games, 
  yeah why the fuck are someone spamming words i dont understand , to everyone , while they can just whisper ? 
  im not the police i just like to read what i do understand without having to visually filter the french spam, 
  so if `` speak english please '' is more obnoxious than being called a bitch and getting told to shut up , then go fuck yourself , faggot . 
  0/10 try harder, 
  not if i have the ability to talk to only the `` chinese '' person . 
  wrong comparison dude, 
  lol some ignorant bullshit right there, 
  but that would be a copy . 
  the original plans are intellectual property and highly valued as such - not like real plans, 
  yeah , but they want the surgery , and at the end at least the doctors say `` but thats what you wanted '' . 
  i know its a shitty argument ( doctors should know better ) but at least beats not having a solution , isnt it ? 
  im sure if they implement that in game 4chan will spam with gore skins and wg will `` hotfix '' it in a few days, 
  yeah tl ; dr : platoons are for farming winrate , solo is for farming wn8, 
  oooh the irony, 
  wow , nice , as a sociology student i approve of this . 
  might even bring the topic up in one of the classes . 
  thanks, 
  especially the t67 , the t-34, 
  i think its intended , you can only hit targets under construction if there is nothing else to hit . 
  a good idea . 
  although it shouldt be the gm set for long , the current one is better imo , after the initial testing spirit dies down we can just switch back, 
  yeah like the germans / s, 
  shit , i calculated wrong , i had 1080 gold from the turn before but it was by sparing some leftover from previous turn . 
  actually on the defense score table you can see my drone count is about 720, 
  edit : i also had to end the game somehow ( just quit ) because when the ai breached me for 180 dmg , it took him a second to select a drone so the whole breach lasted 3 minutes per turn . 
  more like when he gets hit by twin shadows,
