  at least in wot you arent forced to play with the same toxic people for 40 minutes . 
  thats how unicums roll . 
  i was surprised he didnt hide behind a red teammate to use him as meatshield , like a lot of blues do . 
  yes im mad . 
  yeah also bring a lot of stimpaks, 
  thanks for the input !, 
  yeah i have done the lucky shades + beret combo many times , but can i put an elite riot gear helmen on top of that for +2 more per ? 
  also , since its a maximist char i thik 6 of my special stats will be at 10 anyways , so for example i can carry a set of power armor and joshua 's , snipe in joshuas armor then swap it to power armor when those deatchclaws come close :d, 
  erm , robots doesnt seem to have a traditional `` head '' so it makes sense . 
  i thought we are talking about mobs with an actual head ( as in , something that vats recognizes as head ), 
  does it looks like whining ? 
  and yes , i applied , and talked to multiple people about ts . 
  two of them said im ok to apply so i did . 
  i got denied and all i can think of is because i didnt have a second cw tank ( though at first i got told one is enough ), 
  yep , my brother has 700 wn8 but he brawls miles better than me in heavies and well-armored tds . 
  my wn8 is 1180 , most recent is above 2k , but thats because i play e25 , t49 , alecto . . abuse of camo . 
  it just happened that i like these tanks , because thats my playstlye . 
  go farm 2k wn8 twice . 
  once with cruiser3 , t49 , elc and 1390 , then once with kv3 , is8 , vk 4502b . . see which one is harder . 
  but fails horribly is what i 'm saying . 
  therefore its unreliable . 
  i think wn8 on the long run rewards consistency more than skills . 
  for example , you and i can both have the same skill , but if i cant control my emotions and go on a tilt sometimes drastically lowering my wn8 , does that make me a worse player ? 
  it went down after my prem acc expired and i wastn be able to afford to play my more comfortable tanks . 
  apparently you cant find the search button on the sidebar . 
  dont even remind me, 
  what i 'm saying is that the others are much harder . 
  if you have mediocre stats in mediorce tanks just spam some french lights or russian meds and its gg . 
  doesnt reflect skill good enough if you can farm it . 
  damn . 
  i only play [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/9ztpqxr ) crew since november . . 
  i must be some real addict then, 
  when i camp in my wte100 in mines , and an is7 rolls into the middle of the hill between the two rocks , i dont even shoot him . 
  not even gold . 
  tried a few times , didnt work . 
  the is7 is a monster of a tank, 
  ye and queue up for a game vs 14 deathstars, 
  first stop being an ignorant piece of shit . 
  then realize maybe he plays the game for another reason . 
  then if you still dont like him just dont invite him to platoons . 
  simple as that . 
  `` red '' team . . giggle, 
  tog . 
  or archer . . please do the archer . 
  my username . 
  here you go . 
  all the way up to wte100 , other td line to jagdpanther , and 1400 + games in e25 . 
  a few games in jt88 also . 
  also noe that all of these games were done on prem acc . 
  ( 709 avg xp as you can see ), 
  can confrim , my brother plays them and he says the 101 is basically a worse 416, 
  what about deep throat . . ? 
  we need more vids like this , on any subject really . 
  very informaitve . 
  but the sierra madre pays you in prewar money which you can sell for a fuckton of caps . 
  i dont really think so , i almost always get it to 1 because most of the killing is done by me anyways , and even with 1 charisma my companions will sooner or later have some damage . 
  i mean , even in hc , when im out of ammo , i just go close , tank the damage while ede and boone rapes those enemies :d, 
  dont go full retard, 
  but it doesnt give +1 str ? 
  ( and since you cant max out special stats all to 10 i chose to not max charisma therefore the + chr it gives doesnt mean an extra point towards my goal of getting 6 stats to 10 . ), 
  does it work retroactively ? 
  i mean , if i have significant number of games in one tank with a decent avg dmg , will my wn8 `` recalculate '' my old games according to this new method of determining wn8 ? 
  hm , , mine went up about 170 . might have been because of this , then . 
  she looks so ... comforting . 
  eune is derping as well ... 
  karma , what else, 
  cant forget his nasus , ... and the soloq instalocks after it . . 
  jean . 
  more correctly . 
  jean sky diving . 
  perfect base for item hoarders like me :d, 
  no , i had numerous playthroughs with the jean sky diving as my `` safehouse '' . 
  until my last playthrough but thats because i obtained owb and the completion of it allows you to have your own `` home '' so i moved my stuff there . 
  but until that , jsd . 
  fast to reach , relatively safe ( its on pwder ganger territory so you might stumble onto them once in a while but it shouldnt be a problem killing them lol ), 
  yeah i forgot to mention i dont really go right to novac . 
  nowadays i play a `` hoarder '' or `` explorer '' and also maximalist type characters who like to explore the area first . 
  for example right now im level 10 and i just looted nipton . 
  it needs some wiki checking , but if i have the right skills for speech/science etc. 
  checks i might continue with owb ... 
  for starter chars , yeah it would be natural to settle in novac . 
  i just dont like to go back and loot everything again :d, 
  except if you are a t18 in himmelsdorf, 
  you just went full retard, 
  is8 turret bouncing e4 shell three times in a row . 
  isu-152 bouncing is7 ap shell . . 
  but my favourite : bouncing is3 bl9 shell with my e25 's gunmantlet :d, 
  probably the 100mm . 
  the 152 mm has heat as gold , isnt it, 
  what the shit . . 
  i remember not too long ago firing heat from it . . and i read patchnotes carefully . . must have slipped through something !, 
  thanks, 
   no direct links to . wotreplay files . 
  so the wotreplays.com sheet is ok i guess, 
  love it !, 
  i just want one thing . 
  when i get teamkilled i want my crew to have full xp like they didnt die . 
  except the tog . 
  yeah . 
  it 's the same thing i like things like eiffel 65 and bomfunk mc 's , they sound obnoxious but . . that was my childhood :d,
