  it 's not even my country , i dont feel anything towards my nation either . 
  i have no clue . 
  might be because i heard it every fuckign time i mention im from there , but my scepticism tells me i got no empirical evidence . 
  tl ; dr : the script is shit, 
  it 's nasus ' voice , but we dont have proof its nasus himself . 
  missed that part , thanks . 
  perhaps it is that , or some kind of inferiority denying syndrome . 
  not saying my country is inferior but the subconscious mind can feel like that . 
  kinda like when 1-2 year old children realize their parents have power over them therefore inducing an inferiority complex which later turns into identifying themselves with them ( 3-5 year old kids are often `` in love with '' their opposite sex parent ) like in stockholm syndrome . 
  well the fucking dont do anything abnout svenskeren either . 
  also you can go fuck yourself ... 
  ^ ^ ^ offended ? 
  ^ ^ ^ like ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ care . . 
  disagree on malz . 
  q is used for waveclear and burst damage , and its his only non - dot spell meaning you have basically 0 burst now ( except the first tick of w because its instant ), 
  its k , dog die , team live, 
  i dunno , i rarely use rammus q as waveclear , i think maxing w and rushing madreds is fine, 
  eve q is pretty much here for the sheen procs in the current meta . . 
  try lol , you care going to cry back wot, 
  well if you wan na push fast , you go next to the wave sideways and q it then e the cannon minion and go forward . 
  if all your dpm is dot you might miss a minion to your own minions . 
  also w + e is slower . 
  oh yeah i forgot , he would be shen without the dash basically, 
  i 'm got thru it safely . . its more like cancer actually imo, 
  well i meant instant damage as burst, 
  reference, 
  your head, 
  more like you only need the ult for farm 2 lanes at once, 
  then why does she dress like one ? 
  yup, 
  i will play only eve then . 
  eve top . 
  i do n't care . 
  and i loved it , that is what got me to play lol more, 
  they woulda play them one game later anyways lol, 
  no , he baited so much resources freeing panda up, 
  the word you are looking for is `` cumshot '', 
  knees weak , arms are heavy, 
  that 's achievable . 
  summoning / u/phreakschinstrap, 
  lol im 190 cm , 50 kg and also wear l wtf, 
  more like brazil demands moni pleas, 
  wait does that mean sion was helped out of the monument with jarvan 's blood ? 
  damn i wish the old passive was there . 
  not to mention his ult looked like tentacles which carried a mild hentai reference, 
  no such thing as starcraft 1 . 
  it 's either starcraft or starcraft 2 . 
  thanks for the list again !, 
  a suggestion : it would be very useful to have a list of mods that decrease fps , or if there isnt one , get a forum or testgroup ( i volunteer ! ), 
  to test every popular mod on certain systesm , so that in the end we could have a database of which mods slow your fps and how much . 
  thanks for the list again !, 
  a suggestion : it would be very useful to have a list of mods that decrease fps , or if there isnt one , get a forum or testgroup ( i volunteer ! ), 
  to test every popular mod on certain systesm , so that in the end we could have a database of which mods slow your fps and how much . 
  then you have no defensive item, 
  my wriggles-movereallyfastboots-pd pd pd pd yi agrees . 
  wasnt your joke detector tingling ? 
  or maybe your reference detector ? 
  are you sure ? 
  on the four 's thread it says its for the test server . 
  edit : it crashes the game , please update it that is isnt ready . 
  you can look at the lined forum thread , tha actual 9.3 version ( 4.1 version of the mod ) didnt come out yet . 
  kog passive does too , albeit its only one item - liandrys . 
  well kiting was his only weakness before rework anyways ... 
  they did , but re-read my question - that doesnt imply there is any chance they will continue giving out keys ( for shitty drawings ), 
  by the way isnt this post inflating the count as well ? 
  i think you are building it wrong , mana tank kassa with an occasional triforce ( if you dont build gauntlet ) is the way to go . 
  with e , randuins and frozen heart you are free to go in the face of the adc and bully him with your base damages . . 
  oh , then put all my comment in past tense :d, 
  this guy should look into writing . . 
  10/10 would feel again, 
  mundo jungle build used to rely on spellvamp quints to stay relevant, 
  i joined shortly before we got the t7car as a gift tank and the new german line td came shortly after . 
  i remember that was in late fall , and i got an e25 for christmas so i instantly needed to get a new german td . 
  first one with 4 crew members was the 38t , so i left that there and put the crew in the e25 , and that was my first perm tank so i used it for credit farming . 
  tl ; dr : 300 % crew in marder 38t not a lot after it was introduced, 
  after installing four 's fps mod , wot tweaker and aslain 's pack customized to not slow fps that much , just like in pervious patch , i 'd say it 's about the same except swaitching to sniper mode doesnt lag me instantly . 
  riot pls, 
  sorry for answering late , probably you forgot to even check this thread , but i loaded the page by accident ( firefox auto-complete url ) so there is a chance that you might still get `` replies to inbox '' if you havent unchecked it . 
  your problem , from an empirical standpoint , is entirely technical - you have a problem because its hard to identify the kind that attracts you and they might get attracted by you . 
  heterosexual people have a much easier time : every ( well , most of ) other female counts for a male , and its easy to identify basic stereotypes that attracts you ( for example , me as a straight male are attracted to high forehead , red hair , skirts , etc. ), 
  you just suffer a minority problem , and that can be solved by filtering your communication , so my advice would be : get on the internet and try to get on forums/sites/facebook groups/dating sites / specifically for your kind . 
  or create one !, 
  sorry if i seem judgemental or am wrong or inappropiate . 
  since i originally read the thread , i learned 5 weeks and read countless hundreds of pages on sociology , so my mindset is fixed on an empirical standpoint ( which is required for sociology students as i learned ) . 
  good luck !, 
  a joke yes , but a shitty and inappropiate joke , to be honest . 
  you sure you dont want to set a naw ( no advice wanted ) flair ? 
  just as many norms as in real life , really . 
  being able to write what you want doesnt mean you can write what you want without consequences . 
  i had an irl friend , he was a normal guy , but somewhat unintelligent . 
  it felt like okay to talk to him . 
  we had to stop calling him to meetings after he called another woman in the group `` thinking woman , what an oxymoron '' ( on facebook ) he thought that because its the internet she wont get offended . 
  well she did , with reason . 
  we all sided with her for a reason . 
  for this reason people downvoted you , and you should treat this as a sign . 
  jsut saying . 
  well he didnt have the naw flair ... 
  yeah if they cant be assed to write even a few words back . . they arent friends . 
  try talking to your professors maybe ? 
  i had the same situation on my first year of college , and what i did was to walk up to teachers once in a while , tell them i really admire their work ( i was honest ) and asked them about some stuff , they loved it , we talked a lot with some prof.s , and one of them is really a friend now , i even have his number ( i attend a different uni now ),
