   you see new people every day ?!, 
  where is this land you speak of ? 
  hungary . 
  not a crowded place . 
  i just ... have short memory haha . 
  when does the ... fuck i cant do this, 
  yes . 
  fucknig annoying after half an hour  . <, 
  fornication ? 
  really ? 
  yes . 
  i want that extra crit from perk too :d, 
  funny now that you think of it , in fact it was fallout that `` ruled 2008 '' ( it was goty ), 
  very nice work !, 
  but . . 
  does it follow natural walking path i mean do you have to alter your usual walking path just to stay on it ? 
  honestly i think if its more natural its more aesthetical . 
  too much makeup . 
  only 9, 
  le le le , am i 420 enough ? 
  you just didnt look long enough, 
  lol just unsubscribe and move on . 
  its a shithole nothing more . 
  are you talking to your so 's relatives ? 
  if you are talking to someone who is biased towards him you will probably meet reactions that bash you , instead of him , in situations like this . 
  see , it 's a two-sided problem . 
  on one side there is a problem about how much your so really wants to work , meaning , how lazy he is , or not . 
  on the other side ther is your payment , is that enough , does he really need to go work ? 
  i want to express that i think that saying you are a `` gold-digger '' is rude in every possible situations . 
  no one has the right to say that , except if you have no income and he does . 
  even then , if he is ok with that ( like in my family , my mother does not work ) then why should everyone care about this whole `` you both has to work '' social trend thing ? 
  to me it is just the same thing as homosexuality , feminazis or gingers . 
  there will always be people who - as we say here in hungary - `` even shit is tasteless for them '' ( i hope you get what i mean ) . 
  you only need to decide if that bothers you or not . 
  if not then just dont pay attention to the `` yaddayadda '', 
  man , i can feel the alpha flowing . 
  good job . 
  i dont think we need to rate you . . 
  i think you jsut need feedback about how gorgerous you are , to further strenghten your self-confidence . 
  beware ; too much self confidence can lead to dangerous behavior , like egoism or narcissism . 
  that hair ... is awesome . 
  keep it growing, 
  decent ? 
  what the hell are you talking about , you are a man 's dream . 
  too bad you live in the us . 
  your neck is a bit too long , i think you should wear appropiate shirt that makes it look like a bit shorter . 
  not really . 
  all that makes us beta is how we would behave in his shoes . 
  what a rollercoaster , these pictures . 
  you look awful on # 1 but really nice on # 2 . 
  i 'd give you a 7 . 
  go post this on / r/happy !, 
  i dont know either but it is incredibly ineffective . 
  a lot of pieces will be broken by weight , also covered by bodies ( so you cant reach it ) if someone lays down on them . 
  i dont know man , i think iwatched it for the popculture references and the humor . 
  the two lorelais were just a cute addition to me . 
  i remember reading that in my chat !, 
  somehow that feels bad ... 
  dont worry you will understand when you grow up . 
  and exiled morg i think ? 
  along with wits end , dont forget . 
  ult will do some serious damage , 
  lol no . 
  ap warwick sucks . 
  i am currently saving for one . 
  this will last long but worth it, 
  he is married ... 
  it should be a reason , doesnt it ? 
  it supposed to be ... 
  man i love to troll people like you . 
  every time i random yi i go ad and still get pentas . 
  i 'm glad you won enough games that i dont have to see your bigotry again, 
  oh , my bad , i thought you were going for a chess reference . 
  keep in mind that this subreddit is for chess lovers . 
  you can be a 700 elo player and still love chess , so both high and low level material is expected and tolerated . 
  da fuq man , i am in hungary and i have 70 ping on na, 
  i suppose you visit 4chan or r/4chan ? 
  ap is wasted on her but crit is more valuable so i would go ie instead of gauntlet and lategame sell lizard for a pd . 
  otherwise it 's fine imo . 
  more problem is that gauntlet is somewhat a defensive item and if you dont buy it you need ga or scimitar or something . 
  if you buy def item + muramana you have 3 more slots . 
  ie pd is just too good . 
  you need lw too so i guess you are using manamune instead of bt which is a bad trade ... 
  so i think this build only works if you can get away with not building crit . 
  too bad ashe doesnt have sterioids and a not-so-good scaling nuke . 
  so she definitely needs crit . 
  champs like mf are only good with bt cleaver because they got a sick ad ratio on a good spell ( mf ult ) and early game snowball potential . 
  ashe doesnt have either . 
  i try to put it as simple as i can . 
  there are several stages of progress in chess knowledge and this sub is representing all of them . 
  meaning that low level chess games deserve to be here just like a newspost from the latest tal memorial . 
  the fact that many people upvote low level games means that :, 
  - many low level players here, 
  - people are just experiencing confelicity and just happy for the other guy who had a small success . 
  i can understand that it probably takes space from quality content , but nowhere it says that this sub is going to be full of it ... just like / r/leagueoflegends . . if you have a problem there with quality , go to / r/summoners . 
  easy as that . 
  but you have no right to * criticize * people who upvote bad content , because its just what they want , it is what reddit is . 
  i ' t like complaining all day about why do commercial tv channels even have news section when all they do is spam bad news so why do even people watch that anyway ? 
  because they just want to . 
   the fact that people upvote something does n't necessarily mean it deserves the front page,
