  oh , and telling people they are bad . 
  no , i remember what the t18 once was ( played it for about 500 games ) and the afternerf one is nothing like that . 
  no , it takes tons of reports to get into permaban state . 
  i might have been negative in some of the cases , but my point is , its so tiny of a number compared to the illegitimate reports i got ( `` report xxx for feed '' when he dies 2x etc ) , that it tipped the scale in the tribunal . 
  edit : i also dont deny i was negative in a number of cases , but it is nowere near permaban worthy in my eyes ( the exact permaban case , for example , had one gane when a toxic duo reported me for feed , and another one when i got reported for being a bad support , and one where i played ap shaco jungle . 
  the other 2 was neagtive , lthough one of them was about taking a redbuff from the adc . ), 
  thing is , you get reported many times for no reason , and people spam punish so hard in the tribunal , that `` accuracy '' is nothing there . 
  it 's okay . 
  i do n't care . 
  how do you know that ? 
  i cant give credit to those people who judge thing upon `` hunches '' , sorry . 
  well fuck it then . 
  i will not will try hard to be nice in every single game for this community . 
  whats the point , if im gona get false reported anyways ? 
  my first ban came where i wasnt even level 30 , and didnt even know how the chat worked . . 
  an accurate hunch is still just a hunch, 
  it 's a trap !!, 
  pretty sure its a troll comment, 
  or the sau 40 and the arl v39, 
  thank you for writing this, 
  ap kog is fucking broken , not `` problematic '' . 
  `` accurate '' , heh, 
  had the pleasure of playing against her twice . 
  my two most memorable losses :d, 
  a local hungarian - i dontreally know , `` water stuff '' company - aquaprofit organizes a `` chess day '' every year , with many chess-reladet events , but every year the main event was a big simul with all , or most of the polg\u00e1r sisters . 
  one year i played against zs\u00f3fia ( sophia ) and then the next year against judit . 
  that year they held some kind of a lottery thingy , basically they drew 4 names from the guest list and those four were allowed to play an 5-minute blitz with judit . 
  [ here is a picture with me playing said blitz game ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ye9xz7e.jpg ) i had an interesting position where i had a positional advantage and if i recall correctly i was 2 pawns ahead too , but i blundered a little ( the anxious kid i was , put an illegal move on the board and judit was kind enough to correct it back , but i was so stressed i didnt really think so the next move was an even bigger blunder ) . 
  and the simul game , it lasted waaayy too long , i was amongst the last ones to finish , had 4 pawn advantage and decicded to sac 2 pawns for a piece , but judit , being a piece and 2 pawns down , somehow managed to bring the game back from the grave ( it was a really complicated version of pirc defense i decided to go for ; i dont really know much about openings so i thought i 'll go for the one who i enjoy the most ) . 
  so that game was a loss too , but i learned a lot from it , and it was a memorable experience for sure . 
  bonus to add , that day i mean benko ( the guy who had a gambit named after him , and led the us olymic team ) and bilek ( another legendary hungarian chess player from the '70s ) . 
  yup . 
  yeah , but on the second occasion ( the day the photo was taken ) some kids from my local chessclub were also there and the youngest one ( idk , 13 years old max . . ? ), 
  beat zs\u00f3fi ( sophia ) while i was playing with judit . 
  one year prior i lost to sophia , so at that time it wasnt so big of a deal to have a winning position . 
  especially i took extra care ( slept well for days before , had cofee , washed my face , took grape sugar etc. ), 
  basically it doesnt matter if one wins or not , the mental challenge was the most enjoyable part . 
  and it was a hard challenge !, 
  edit : i 'm not good . 
  my blitz `` elo '' on chess.com is around 1100 , but since those simuls i underwent some serious mental breakdowns so there 's that . 
  i guess my true `` elo '' at that time , the performance i could represent for a game at least in today time maybe too , was around 2000 . 
  ( i mean if my mental problems werent there i could be around 2k ), 
  `` not even death can save you from me '' is from diablo ii indeed , to point out it is an intro sound before diablo himself appears at the end of the game ( well , in the last act ... you can replay the game twice more after that , and there is an expansion , but still ... ), 
  perhaps only two tier 9s were present , rest were t8 +7, 
  i got high calibers in tier 2, 
  because it isnt a support . 
  depends on your interests , but if you have generic stuff to look at , to have a picture , i would say , at least :, 
  - 2 days just to walk all over the city , 1 for buda and 1 for pest , just to walk , seriously , just the buildings , and you can mark places to go later . 
  the city , especially the downtown is full of unmarked wonderful buildings ( just the houses are wonderful looking . 
  keep in mind this city was bombed in '45 and run over by tanks at ' 56 ) . 
  i suggest a walk throught the `` little blvd '' ( szt . 
  istv\u00e1n-ter\u00e9z-erzs\u00e9bet-j\u00f3szef-ferenc k\u00f6r\u00fat ) and perhaps a walk along the `` big blvd '' ( r\u00f3bert k\u00e1roly - hung\u00e1ria - k\u00f6nyves k\u00e1lm\u00e1n k\u00f6r\u00fat ) these two are banana-shaped long roads through pest and a lot of things are along these roads , they have spearate names as you can see , for each part . 
  if you ont like walking you can take the subway , the `` yellow '' one is the 100 + year old historical one renewed with little crowding , the other two big ones ( blue and red ) are more crowded and has less value for toursists because they take you to the outskirts :d ( oh and the green one is brand new , dont know much about it ), 
  - 1 day or 2 for museums , seriously if you want to know about hungarian history or art , its all here , in one city . 
  basically hungarian culture is almost all about budapest so you can see it all here . 
  - 1 day for baths . 
  budapest is famous for its bathhouses , and i didnt know why - until i entered one . 
  you can also use this day to explore a park in buda after , for example . 
  perfect relaxing day with amazing view . 
  i recommend hal\u00e1szb\u00e1stya ( fishermen 's bastion ) for a spectacular view over pest and the river . 
  also the building itself is amazing . 
  ( as an architecture enthusiast i could spend an entire day at this building ) . 
  tip : if you like temples the most famous hungarian temple is just nearby ( m\u00e1ty\u00e1s templom - matthias temple ) in fact the fishermen 's bastion serves as an aesthetical complementary building for this temple . 
  - and then plan a few days according to your interests , there are many clubs , tea houses , pubs , concerts etc. 
  optionally . 
  oh , and a few interesting things to try out : the `` libeg\u0151 '' ( weird public transport thingy that takes you uphill in buda , looks like a ski lift ) for example . 
  one more thing : if someone comes up to you in a crowded place with a story like '' i need x forints to travel home i need money for a ticket '' or something similar , thats 99.99 % bullshit . 
  i live in a `` sleeping town '' 10 minutes from budapest , so i pretty much live my cultural an business life there , so i can help with any additional info you might need . 
  in september though , i 'll be very far from there so i cant help you in person unless they reject my appliance at the university , in which case i 'll stay at home and will have time :d, 
  tourist attractions , we ahve a lot of them , but in essence if you want a mental picture of budapest in your head later , i recommend two must-have 's : the house of parliament in pest and the fishermen 's bastion in buda . 
  the latter has amazing view on pest and is part of the best area of buda . 
  isnt that singapore though ? 
  fuck no ... 
  yeah , that wriggles kog with 2 pd . . 
  i had that in my is6 for 400 + games and never saw . 
  hes a troll , dont feed him, 
  kolobarnovs and invader in a sturer :d, 
  also had 0 dmg that game . 
  but i won :d, 
  cross-post this to / r/aww , / r/happy , and possibly to some subreddit within the family of / r/offmychest , / r/self , / r/mmfb , there are tons of people who need stories like these to brighten their day . 
  ( as you did with mine , thank you . ), 
  edit : especially / r/mmfb, 
  it 's okay . 
  nothing horrible happened to you , and there is no sign that any horrible thing will . 
  much of the emotional strength comes from being able to relize , understand and manipulate emotions within yourself . 
  anxiety doesnt help with that , you might wan na seek a professional about this issue . 
  i 'm 27 , and i had similar problems like you , and it got even worse , but one thing i learned is that anxiety is one thing you have to treat very seriously . 
  i had a ton of help with that from my psychiater and my psychologist . 
  if the anxiety gets worse i definitely recommend seeking help . 
  but probably wont . 
  your problems are absolutely normal , everyone met that . 
  they will all get solved somehow . 
  just if you react like that and you cant help it , thats the real problem ( i think ) . 
  post it . 
  whats the worst that can happen ? 
  no excuses !!!!, 
  weird , i have the same about england and somehow a little negative about germany . 
  dont get me wrong i respect them . 
  but they all seem to be a little `` speaking home '' every opportunity . 
  for example a german architectural history book is full of german examples of everything ignoring the historically waaay more improtant examples .
