  you got 2 taypes of damage , so flat ap or ad gives better damage against everyone . 
  especially creeps . 
  eve has shit first clear . 
  omg thanks :d, 
  it 's all relative . 
  other junglers are faster , or better sustained , or better utility , or all of the above . 
  eve 's power is in cheese , so farming is not really something she does , anyways :d, 
  i usually clear kurgs-red , get level 2 and redbuff then basically roaming until red respawns lol, 
  love me some 40 kill games tho, 
  tomorrow means never, 
  ah , the old baader-meinhof phenomenon ... 
  looks like a good reason :d great build, 
  it 's star wars after all ( your flair ) when you build sw you dont have enough grey , ever, 
  looks so staged though ... 
  looks terrifyingly unstable . 
  pick ww, 
  spam / l, 
  also steal jungle camps lul, 
  i mean , it gives hp and ad . 
   did you just assume xis gender ? 
  ftfy, 
  stealth as iseahound mentioned, 
  mystery as op mentioned, 
  the speed at which she kills , and the sheer lack of care she has . 
  ** age of empires 2 hd ** because it 's pretty much what my built-in video card can endure , since my 7850 pooped itself :(, 
  kinda weird if you ask me , but whatever . 
  i 'm enjoying the custom maps on, 
  the lights are really well done holy shit, 
  no you are riven, 
  i 'm so glad i left the sociology course, 
  also brick wall doesnt go well with otherwise elegant stuff like the windows , the frame on the wall or the wardrobe, 
  you dont . 
  president of fide lives there i think , and he is um . . a bit shady, 
  swap lulu for leona tho, 
  i like some . . roleplay, 
  lol, 
  do you wear jeans with a fucknig bridal dress as well ? 
  so you dont really like juxtapositions all that much eh ? 
  `` omg eve too op '', 
  darksiders ? 
  i always wanted a t-55 with front spoilers !, 
  you can hear dan dinh and kobe speaking in the background . 
  :( i like being op, 
  let it go, 
  let it goooooooooooooooo, 
   can hardly find a definition of it , or reference to that being a seductress, 
  just look at her fucking splash art mate, 
  you could have shortened that with a little math . 
  so trundle 's ult gives 40 % of the enemy 's armor as a bonus to trundle 's own armor . 
  everyone has same items and same level so basically its just a 40 % bonus to your current armor . 
  let 's simplify that to percentages, 
  1st trundle 1 ( 1.4 ^ 0 ), 
  2nd trundle 1.4 ( 1.4 ^ 1 ), 
  3rd trundle 1.96 ( 1.4 ^ 2 ), 
  4th trundle 2.744 ( 1.4 ^ 3 ), 
  10th trundle would have 20.66 times ( 1.4 ^ 9 ) as much armor as the first trundle if the armor would stack indefinitely . 
  as you can see , you could calculate each trundle 's armor in theory and if the real thing ( practice in game ) showed something else , you could conclude that it doesnt stack indefinitely ... about the time when the third trundle ults , cause his armor would be about twice as much as the first if it would stack indefintely, 
  sorri for bad englando, 
  holy shit i 'll be the next gaudi if that 's the case, 
  base eve , and old masquerade splash, 
  the figures are ... not so high quality though . 
  tristana is barely recognizable . 
  ahem, 
  gobi campaign scout rifle . 
  obtainable fairly early , and deadly as shit ( with crit builds , 
  also , white is on the 7-8 row , not the 1-2 like it should be, 
  well that is a big pile of horse shit . 
  if i see black - that is black . 
  oh wow i think i found an sjw , resorting to personal attack if ran out of arguments lol, 
  you dont get to decide i 'm afraid, 
  cant be assed to explain further , sorry , also from my experience when i do it people just dismiss it anyways . 
  normal bp is cancer from 2008 `` mid or feed '' . . no thanks i wont touch it again ever, 
  anecdotal evidence is not evidence . 
  i wasnt making a point tho , i was just explaining why i dont touch it, 
  i wasnt trying to prove anything though, 
  yeah but i didnt need to prove anything . . he did, 
  the leekspin girl was originally a scene from an episode of bleach ( the anime ), 
  unload the toad, 
  to me he speaks a lot like cartman, 
  looks a lot like ice planet 2002 to me, 
  so much fucking clickbait `` everything known so far '' . . and the vid is full of assumptions lmao . . 
  can anyone recognize the song playing ? 
  it 's a remix of supermode - tell me why , but ca n't figure out which one . 
  holy shit how did i slip past that ?!? 
  it 's a black isle game too !, 
  he has enough money , sure :d, 
  hurricane , ie , shiv , crit cloak , lifesteal , boots . 
  was aram, 
  that is definitely evelynn for clearlove . 
  he has a circle on his forehead just like eve, 
  weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  lmao, 
  you lying shit , you commented as well, 
  did n't really like baldur 's gate when i played it so i figure iwd wouldnt be good for me, 
  holy shit this is great !, 
  yes , yes it is . 
  aaaayyyyy gratz, 
  95 % ... of the 39 % that voted lol, 
  lmao, 
  where is his dick ?
