  thats what the botgame ip farms are for , dude, 
  haha we already have yoda kennen and obi-wan yi , 
  maybe a leia cassio ? 
  jar-jar wukong ( moves like a monkey anyway ), 
  aaand death star operator lux ( the lazor engineer one ), 
  his skills would be weird . . but ok i guess :d, 
  ... no these are not the droids im looking for . 
  i take that as an offense man . . 
  well you certainly have room for improvement , you bought triforce and mallet - these slows doesnt stack, 
  tiamat twitch, 
  if the game goes to supre late game , like 60 min , what would you build on a support ? 
  actually taric stun is more skillful to land because the duration or the stun dmg ( dont remember which ) varies depending how close taric is, 
  best patch ever, 
  its not like i didnt faceroll anything at top with ww . . his team fight ability is still the same shitty `` imma ult the carry then die to the other one '' though . 
  jarvan shield - leona shield ? 
  generally i build depending on enemy ... sometiems tank , sometimes proc , sometimes cdr , sometimes autoattack build . 
  mostly proc , as i usually get fed enough to finish madreds + wits end before enemy gp could finish lantern + boots + warmog . 
  i can build tank later anyway . 
  my biggest problem with ww is , that he cant carry in soloq , because he has very little teamfight utility and needs to rely on teammates to focus down the preson he 's ulting . 
  and if not ( which happens often ) i end up landing a perfect ulti on the carry , just to watch my carries die to tanks ... 
  as opposed to vlad , for example , i just ult , spam e+q and hope for miracles . 
  we are talking about 1200 elo man ... 
  i played a normal game with 1600s once and i carried hard np . 
  problem is , i cant farm fast enough early game to get the lane pushed so i can go win other peoples lanes , without losing mine ( at least in terms of cs ) , because that would be essential to get so fed i can tank 5 ppls initial burst . 
  i watch gm bob all day . 
  he is like 700 elo above me , its like two different universes ... 
  in mine , you can get godlike with ad veigar . 
  i really hope they release a skin for every reworked champion then !, 
  ... if you know what i mean . . 
  ( * cough * ), 
  mf too, 
  to be honest , when i first read about the reporked q name * ( lurker spines ) * and remembererd their policy of releasing a skin for reworked champions ( trynd for example ) i immediately thought of [ infested kerrigan ] ( http://images.wikia.com/starcraft/images/b/b6/infestedkerrigan_sc2_art4.jpg ), 
  meryl streep as leblanc, 
  gerard butler as pantheon, 
  sigourney weaver as vayne, 
  anthony hopkins as zilean, 
  heath ledger/jack nicholson/mark hamill as shaco, 
  viggo mortensen as garen ( sorry rezard ), 
  johnny depp as gangplank ( too easy ), 
  christopher lambert as master yi ( highlander ... get it ? ), 
  kevin costner as warwick, 
  ** chuck norris as lee sin **, 
  [ ming-na ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0001840/ ) as ahri, 
  fuck you, 
  edit : just kidding, 
  mark hamill , best joker ever , hands down, 
  what the fuck are you babbling about lol . 
  - ww doesnt need wriggles ( wtf you have q ), 
  - boots are either mercs or sorc boots , no other options are viable wtf, 
  - malady is shit , you dont need ap and wits end is only 200 gold more for double the dmg, 
  - bloodrazor too expensive for little defensive stat, 
  dont listen to this guy folks . 
  if you unload the full combo the ultimate 's damage doesnt even matter , so it doesnt need to be preserved . 
  imo if his ult dmg would be 0 he would be only slightly less viable as he is , because his other spells faceroll you anyway . 
  you sir , are watching too much 9gag, 
  do you think its what our subreddit needs ? 
  of course it works for you , but its suboptimal and by saying his q scales on ap so maaldy helps you revealed you didnt do the math on it ? 
  its also scales on opponent 's hp man ... 
  that means on an average enemy you will need to build full glass cannon ap to get more flat dmg from it than the % dmg . 
  wirggles is only for lane sustain early vas . 
  hard ad opponents ( gp fr example ) , to add the extra sustain you need . 
  his q + passive is waaaaaaaaaaay enough sustain in the jungle . 
  btw warwick is solely single target so jungle warwick sucks more than fiddle and trundle combined . 
  i 'd never play him in the jungle . . 
  i 'd add : generally obey the summoners code and be supportive/talkative to your team every game , that doesnt apply to gm bob much ... 
  still < 3 u gm bob, 
  once in an aram as morde , shielded a mundo who was going in for the kill . 
  it ended up being a triple ... for me, 
  lol no , ricochets everywhere !, 
  the strongest early game ad carry ? 
  i 'd say kennen , trololol, 
  gay, 
  its because ppl like you doesnt stop ignoring them, 
  just dont give a shit and they will go away, 
  i mean making this post shows that you care . . 
  do n't . 
  mmmmkay then ahri xd, 
  alt f4 for map hax, 
  couldnt say it more appropiate , gz man, 
  also , wtf with your sleep circle, 
  i didnt sleep, 
  wtf is a navi, 
  wtf did i just watch, 
  yay so i can play eve every week !, 
  nice, 
  no , srsly , no . 
  what if my main is swain, 
  except that according to the lore it was a marriage of convenience ; they dont really love each other . 
  i mean ashe and trynd . 
  wtf, 
  wtf !!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  ! 44444444four, 
  sorry too lazy to google it lol :d will do, 
   so it 's kind of like buying 2 champions for 1 !, 
  problem is , the system is flawed in a way that you get similar elo teams all games , but with differens skill level . 
  so your elo gain is the same every game , so its really like a snake biting his own tail, 
  i play kennen and vlad both 21 defense so it didnt change anything lol, 
  qss more early i guess . 
  there is no point using the rune combiner at all , since you shouldnt buy tier 1 or 2 runes anyway lol . 
  regarding your case , sorry i ca n't help , but what i can tell is , . . just farm more ip and dont give a fuck .
