  it is niche on certain maps like steppes for tier 8 strongholds, 
  * once *, 
  side question how does that interfere with the perk ? 
  also you might add that the 33 % chance definitely doesnt apply to tracks . 
  ( he to tracks always destroy ), 
  yeh , but does it add 3 % of 33 ? 
  or will it be 36 % ? 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  you can just adk for translations on youtube pages , hungarians love it when you are curious about the meaning of their songs, 
  its playstlye is similar to those russian meds i like , and i didnt find a perfect tier 8 prem yet ( wz-111 comes close but i absolutely hate the clusterfucks and blocking in the heavy fronts ), 
  so it would be the crown in my collection therefore i would probably pay around 20k gold ( or money equivalent ) max . 
  if i had money , that is . 
  keep in mind i have spershing ( got it via mission - sloooow ) , fcm 50t ( got it as gift - paper ) , kv5 ( got it as gift - paper weakspot , shitty pen and slow ) , is-6 ( got it via missions - shitty pen , blind ) , jt88 ( got it via geldnacht - slow and boring ) , wz-111 ( via missions obv . 
  - decent but still need gold in t9 and its a heavy ) so they all look bad compared to the type . 
   inevitably, 
  your confidence is astounding . 
  i knew it was familiar !, 
  lovely !, 
  i like how they seem to watch something in the distance , perhaps looking back at all these years , 
  back when the f5 bush on malinovka was godlike i sat there for 9k spot dmg . . in my e25 . 
  this ine is more massive however . 
  grats !, 
  just as / u/braed1 fails at basic grammar, 
  did you sidescrape ? 
  like it wasnt totally obvious , they confirm to us as well so now they cant even deny it formally . 
  makes sense for the less intelligent to be extreme rightist anyways , since no sane person would join that shit . 
  but its still hilarious to think about that right when they would have the chance to be relevant they shoot themselves on the foot . 
  b-but moar gun depression, 
  like we have any proof it wont happen there ... 
  thats a shit logic . . they play them for a reason, 
  [ tarararara ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tl7fgwljmui ), 
  ohhh show me where that obj 261 hurt you, 
  so . . they are better performers, 
  hi there !, 
  i live in p\u00e9cs as an university student and i talked to a lot of medical school students . 
  i think i can provide with some additional info , 
  racism is only there on the mouths , really . 
  racists wont bully you , and the people with power arent racist anyway . 
  p\u00e9cs is generally safer than other cities that are smilarly serviced , so its a plus . 
  just keep your thinks locked away, 
  all i can say in addition to others . 
  when you are waiting for a bus/elevator/etc . 
  door to open , always let the others come out first and then you can go in . 
  also dont use the elevator for 2 stories , ppl get pissed off on that really easy . 
  oh , and please learn to cook if you want to . 
  first thing foreign people generally disliked here ( at least in my dorm ) is that they are the sole reason for setting off fire alarm 3 + times a day . 
  * tips le fedora *, 
  justt imagine sylvanas is just way better if she steals anything better than a 2/3, 
  something involving `` le upvote '' and `` good sir '' if i recall correctly , if not , then still , something like that . 
  also , its a fucking boat, 
  to put it in contrast , the m5a1 stuart is a lght tank it meets up to tier 7 , and has a very similar gun that is considered good !, 
  the is-6 has 1-2 sec shorter reload than the wz-111 and thats it . 
  wz is superior on every single aspect . 
   m and gun handling . 
  wz has pref mm . 
  i didnt notice much , honestly . 
  armour neither , actually i find sidescraping and hulldown much easier i nthe wz . 
  i disagree , the 203 mm gun on the next tank feels even more fun , 
  yeah , the problem with tiers 1-4 is that they are sort of transitional in terms of game balance , so either you will drive a shitty tank with a shitty crew , or a good tank with a good crew and wreck everyone . 
  tier 5 is where a lot of tanks have the ability to keep up with the others . 
  tiers 2-3 isnt even worth playing at all for new players . 
  i played the cruiser 2 and 3 for like 400 game each and i felt so dirty i had to shower myself after every game, 
  6/10 without smile . 
  8/10 with it, 
  doesnt evn matter , if you got 1k ap i bet you wont need a free 250 plus dmg, 
  it 's a fucking jackdaw, 
  it had 850 alpha previously . 
  i still have a feeling that illidan works better with token decks with creature buffs , but hey , i use violet teacher in my rogue as well , so , its k i guess . 
  it would be broken as shit , just imagine , the wte100 has that gun too and it has no armor . 
  i know autoloader and shit , but still that autoloader has to stay still for 8 sec to unload ... 
  105 mm frenchie gun has apcr as gold , not heat, 
  true . 
  maus would be probably the only tank that could fit that gun anyways . 
  but i dont think it would be historical ( i mean not like it would matter but wg could use that as an excuse ), 
  in arty : hey girls . . my `` joystick '' is 203 mm . . 
  in diameter, 
  i had some successes in low tiers as well . 
  i completed, 
  mt-15 in a matilda bp ,, 
  lt-15 in amx 1375 ,, 
  ht-15 in is-6 ,, 
  all spg missions of stug and t28htc in s-51, 
  td-15 of stug in su-122-44 ( it was close to 6k dmg so it would complete the next td-15 as well , i did that in an isu though ), 
  yeah , but the gun the jagdtiger uses in the game is an at gun ( pak ) which is not compatible with heavy tanks so you probably have to make a heavy tank version ( kwk ) and i dont know if that is possible on every cannon, 
  oh , i dont think that they didnt make it , in fact i know they did . 
  ( as an anti-air gun ) whether or not this aa gun was able to get mounted on either tds or hts , i dont know . 
  they didnt touch the gun stats on the is so the 122 mm is still the way to go . 
  wait is there a magic online ? 
  is it f2p ? 
  i dont know what is these , i live in eu , just wanted to know if i can get into it from overseas without speding mad cash . 
  he doesnt , he just seeks relief, 
  nice !, 
  i take it doesnt have all the mtg cards ? 
  fucking use the search function maybe, 
  i got low enough blood pressure to fill up this entire subreddit with my salt, 
  with the load i got i only need to hit once in a while , 
  this arty has somewhat bad accuracy which it makes up for with the excellent splash radius therefore maxing out splash with gold is essential . 
  as for ap , you only need to do about 2k dmg to be relavant thats less than 3 he hit so ap is not needed , but for versatility you can put 1 or 2 . 
  my loadout is 10 goldhe 2 ap , but you can get away with only goldhe . 
  also remember to abuse splash by .
