  please , no misrepresenterino . 
  i said , for carrying a single game in his own tier , the b2 has more potential . 
  also b2 is a german tank . 
  also i said i think . 
  well it wouldnt be much of a show without any challenge , would it ? 
  any attempt to challenge my point instead of attacking me ? 
  i men for like 4 comments you did nothing but `` lel you suck '', 
  so `` insane '' is what then ? 
  an advice ? 
  calling my point retarded is not attacking my point . 
  attacking my point would be something like `` your post is incorrect because ... '' this is just ad hominem . 
  besides . 
  you did not really consider my point anyways , did you ? 
  did you carefully go through every single tank in this game ( including the mtls or the 2j ) and evaluated their characteristic then came to the conclusion ? 
  i have a sneaking suspicion you didnt . 
  i think you are an elitist who just spams tier 10 and thinks its the only way to play thus seeing tier 8 as inferior and 6-basically nonexistent . 
  and when you read my point you were like `` now im gon na shit on this bitch for saying a tier 4 tank is better than m ` t22, 
  well then say in your post what the definition for best tank is for you , cause we clearly have it different , and definitely none of us has the right to claim his own as ` normal ', 
  that was after i attacked your point, 
  with 700 comment karma ? 
  no idea, 
  so this is that car ... ohh . . thanks !, 
  i saw one and couldnt figure out the series number ( dunno how it is called ), 
  very nice car !, 
  if i recall correctly that gun has a broken he shell , capable of oneshotting any tier 3 and some tier 4, 
  they would just start brand new accounts, 
  i just hope they didnt pull a su-76i there . 
  i have the money and i want the tank . . 
  its not like we got a d10t in the game atm , at tier 6 ... lol, 
  lol , that was fast , i bought it too . 
  / thread i guess, 
   tier 5 is the first tier that has +2 / -2 matchmaking, 
  nope , its tier 4 , although the only tier 2 that gets into tier 4 games is the m2 light, 
  it was free stuff previously , they shoulda included the te-ke . 
  the tanks have no value whatsoever anyways ... 
  wait the m3 light is rare ?? 
  i got it from a gift card on a military festival in 2014 . 
  essentially the stuart with a gun that is worse than an ms-1 , yeah . 
  fucking shits wh8 though , before i rerolled i had something like 5.8 k wn8 avg in it . 
  you read my post ? 
   is-6 is the only tank i do n't like going head to head agains, 
  spam heat lol, 
  of course , what the fuck you take me for by `` answering '' with a question ? 
  no i just corrected you, 
  judging by the text on the picture it 's denmark . 
  `` is '' means ice in danish , so i guess it is just a typo there, 
  yep, 
  where is it on sale ? 
  when ? 
  where is the data btw ? 
  wan na know other sales, 
  honestly i learned to except way less because eu, 
  wait so the berlin is2 gets 250mm heat pen ? 
  i dont have any , faggot . 
  maybe people disagree with you . 
  nice job copying rita 's post from yesterday lol, 
  at least not word by word . 
  figure out ? 
  on 33 and 55 xte , tank difference doesnt matter much . 
  sorry , but you are so bad its your playstyle differences , not the tank . 
  well yeah dark blu , but it 's changin ' :d, 
  no , 33/33/33 but it changes when you are in platoon ( platoons get into midtier/lowtier more ), 
  which is weird , since he also liked to parade amongst the folk . 
  did he not talk when he met with the hitlerjugend and such ? 
   the cromwell is basically a faster , harder hitting , and squishier e8, 
  so , a better tank, 
   if you say so, 
  not just me ; literally everyone would use a cromwell instead of an e8 , literally everywhere . 
  just look at how much top 200 clans use the cromwell , and divide it by zero ( amount of e8 uses ), 
  well , except you . 
  roaming eve relied on this as you could do golems by smiting one and igniting the other , and gain level 2 from them, 
  yep . 
  also you needed ap runes ( and masteries iirc ) so you had to go ap . 
  i remember buying all the eve skins and use masquerade for this build , the black one for roaming ( flash ignite blow-flash-level-1 eve ) and tango for revive smite jungle, 
  i hate to break it to you , but if he is an idiot , then you replied to an idiot too . 
  can i ask you a few things ? 
  what made you make this post ? 
  how do you feel ( do you feel guilty , or proud maybe ) that you did this ? 
  do you still go into groups and help people out , or was the help during your missions were enough ? 
  also , honestly , i dont see any problems with this in the grand scheme of things . 
  it might be against the rules yes , but it is not wrong morally by my standards . 
  wg made the missions hard enough for us to feel a need for it and it makes people unite and get shit done . 
  this never works . . 
  those kind of sales are very common , like every month or so , but there are some important subjects that bring a lot more money to them , like tier 8 prem tanks , those rarely go on sale ( 1-2 per year ), 
  pretty sure there will be one at some point in december, 
  as a hungarian , i was under the impression that it also meant a certain title of a soldier ( like `` elite '' or something ), 
  dickcock i think, 
  eh , you will realize though , that if you use the 2cm flak you are doing it wrong . 
  pz1c is all about hit and run , and if you give them 2 seconds while you reload they can hit you back  nothing like clipping 2 tanks at once . 
  excluding the e25 of course, 
  and getting shit on by o-is kappa, 
  i was platooning with a dicker max in my leopard , and i just wrote them in the platoon chat `` this is just a fat luchs '' `` surely you mean dicker luchs ? '', 
  first of all , the 2cm flak is not made for penetrating tier 5s either . 
  the tradeoff of not being able to have 300 + clip damage is too big for a little more chance to pen some tier 5s which are getting wrecked in the same game by other tanks that are made better for that - for example with the 2cm gold ammo you cna pen m4 sides , but so can arty with he . 
  in a tier 5 game as a pz 1c it is not your job to pen tier 5s , it is to kill tier 3s asap . 
  there is no value of maximizing pen on pz . 
  1c because you gain little value ( there will be a fuckton of tanks that still not get penned , such as kv-1 ), 
  also , you can pen the pz1c with mauser , you just have to aim . 
  it is difficult when you rely on autoaim so much , but if you learn how to switch between autoaim and manual sniper aim , you can make the mauser work . 
  there is a lot of armor which you have to study in tier 2-4 to be able to pen them with mauser , but overall : try making the mauser work instead of tunnelvision maxing pen .
