  fuck this shit i play malzahar as an ad carry !, 
  hue, 
  exactly . 
  actually the stealth rework was her idea too - . -, 
  well if you present your stuff in that manner you going to get downvotes . 
  face it , you are an asshole . 
  even if you are trying to state the truth , you are doing it in a very assholish way . 
  i would be running around with not giving a shit about anything , eating oranges , and if someone would make me angry i would just pistol him in the face . 
  bigger groups of assholes would meet my motherfucking orbital cannon, 
  or eve . 
  guess i 'm obsessed , but imagine sneaking up people undetected , kicking them on the groin with high heels , tearing their organs out with my claws then finish the torture with some spikes coming out from the ground . . 
  i like to joke about myself sometimes . 
  ** no shit ?? 
  booohoo im so scared :d, 
  cool stroy bro . 
  now head over to gd with this shit, 
  feel free to add me ( i 'm on ~ 1300 ), 
  you can also seek duo q partners on that page , title a bit misleading, 
  ashe no lategame ? 
  you got ta be kidding me l0l, 
  if you make her passive work on jungle cmaps she can go full retard builds and still jungle . 
  as of now eve jungle is very possible with different builds . 
  for myself i like the 9/12/9 ad build with standard as jungle page , or the 21/1/8 build with revive smite and full crit runes . 
  as for the stun , please , just give it back . 
  clearly the stun nerf caused only insane amouts of rage ( about pickin eve ) and general diasppointment . 
  they nerfed base stats and the stun . 
  it would have been okay with only the base stat nerf . 
  how is this lol related ? 
  yes . . but you know ... phreaks birthday also got posted . . and deleted by mods, 
  steroids doesnt mean lategame . 
  you know i only continue this conversation to my own amusement . . i realized i cant convince you about anything ( your ego is too big lol ), 
  i undestand . 
  i just want to express my opinion about having high damage does not usually means you are good late game . 
  ( this way the best ad carry would be nasus lol ) . 
  i just think ashe 's kit is so good she has ways to deal more damage by kiting . 
  ah , so its settled . 
  good day sir . 
  i 'm out . 
  yea . 
  please stop thinking we adore dyrus or something when we post things like that . 
  i know dyrus is a raging kid a lot of times , also a bad mannered man overall , but he is 20 and i 'm 25 . 
  and i 'm not even perfect , what can i expect ? 
  i still like him thouhg , because of his insight of the game , same with hsgg . 
  i learned to love everybody ; because hate is just bad to me . 
  i recommend it to everybody . 
  i know what you feel , but still you should stop prejudicing all dyrus `` appreciaters '' . 
  or you just think its a minority , 
  here is my two cents : stop giving a fuck :d, 
  ( figuratively , duh ), 
  sure . 
  let me link some awesome selena gomez songs meanwhile ... 
  many more champions are viable , it 's just the pro 's repertoire being small . 
  take froggen for example , he plays anivia so clg.eu can build a team around him . 
  maybe moma and bigfatjiji play the birdy but no one else . 
  so they can only play champs that fit in an anivia-team if they fit in another team . 
  for example lulu support is good with only a few variety of ad carries like trist , kog , ezreal , maybe mf . 
  if your ad player cant play these champs , you cant play lulu . 
  ( bad example but i hope you get the point ), 
  i jungle the `` most useless piece of shit '' in this game so yes , why not talon ? 
  his dps is only autoattacks ... with this logic go malzahar lol, 
  there is already a dj sona custom skin on leaguecraft which i believe is very popular , so riot may combine some ideas for it i think . 
  dubstep is mainstream so in sounds like a sellable idea, 
  ^ - golden info above, 
  what if the achievements are so high nobody reached it and that is why we dont see any ? 
  soloq makes people create wonders ... 
  well you can do it smartly . 
  like , only wins get achievements . 
  `` get a pentakill and win game '', 
  `` win as soraka 10 times '', 
  `` win with no deaths '', 
  `` win with having the most assists on your team '' ( antiks :d ), 
  king of araz, 
  redditor for 1 hour . . seems legit, 
  i would like to know that too, 
  im doing it anyway so . . ye, 
  i know a champion who takes no damage from lane minions ... :d, 
  dont play soloq normals . 
  ever . 
  nice try , karma whore, 
  nope . 
  edit : seriously , go fuck yourself . 
  see i know you are a cancer to the community . 
  i 'm pissed of people like you . 
  please be reasonable . 
  and dont forget to go fuck yourself . 
  that is the problem , you make jokes about something which has a poor reputation anyway . 
  throwing oil to the fire . 
  its like accusing the pope with pedophilia . 
  im fucking annoyed by the `` eve has no damage '' jokes ... 
  just today i carried 3 rankeds with eve . . with being the tank and de dps in one . 
  and i have to check my beloved reddit just to notice one asshole thinks he is so cool making jokes about a champion he doesnt even know shit about . 
  at least because of the unoriginality you all should avoid this shit . 
  lets go back to your first comment shall we ? 
  perhaps you dont have empathy but its sounded very rude ... how would you feel if i would say `` ok report this trollshit '' after you lock in morde ? 
  just think about it . 
  you have no reason , to do this , not even any fact to back it up . 
  ( actually , eve outdamages many champions 1v1 . . even in longer sustained trades . 
  even the almighty irelia loses to eve at level 1 . 
  with both having proper runes , that is ), 
  i 'm still pissed .
