  i need a tank i can always rely on , what are yours ? 
  i 'm an average player , always looking for improvement . 
  i decided that the next goal for me , would be in a successful clan that will most likely end up being in a position to be able for their members to obtain the tank mentioned above . 
  i have a few questions regarding this . 
  - my winrate is about 50 % . 
  about how much i need to be able to get recruited by a `` serious '' clan ? 
  - do i have to participate in every/most clan battles ? 
  if so , at least how much tier 10 tanks do i need , and what ones are the most desired ? 
  ( i mean i know which tanks are cw viable , just dont know which tanks are more desired because of less people actually having them . ), 
  i have no problems grinding out 3-4 tanks for this but i really need to know long before . 
  also i have no problems participating in cws but i have to plan my day around them . 
  - is every clan that will probably obtain this tank , and are recruiting , has the same wn8/winrate requirements ? 
  i have no dreams to be a member of - g - but there are probably lesser skilled clans that will have the t95e6 anyways . 
  i just want to make sure i will have that tank . . 
  thanks in advance . 
  recently i was grinding the is and because i wanted to get it done asap i thought it would be a good idea to just spam gold on it to maximalize xp . 
  knowing i have 217 pen apcr rounds on a tier 7 tank made me play that very differently than i though , but very enjoyable . 
  i want to grind out a tank ( preferably tier 10 but any tier above 5 suits really ) that has very similar playstyle that i played on the is, 
  so , i think it has speed ( i think its faster than the is-3 which i am currently at ) to get in to agressive positions , like the middle hill in redshire . 
  i used a very good crew with bia , recon , situational awareness , and i also used rammer , gld , and optics as equipment so i got a lot of spots and i started using hills as cover to snipe at the start of the game . 
  then when tthings got to the endgame i used my hp pool ( armor isnt that good - for me - on the is really ) to brawl with my high dpm . 
  almost 1v1ed a m46 patton this way . 
  i could use a tank that has a little bit more gun depression , and somewhat same characteristics , for tier , in armor , speed , dpm , and ramming capabilities . 
  also i want to have enough penetration to snipe on the edge of draw distance . 
  any advices ? 
  edit : forgot to add it would be very nice for this tank to have similar , or better camo rating than the is . 
  as anyone else i wanted to try out this new game mode with karl but every time i get to the loading screen it freezes . 
  i can hear game sounds ( which i assume is shots or something ) but all i see is the loading screen . 
  other tanks load fine . 
  my mods are xvm ( quickybaby 's pack ) and 128x zoom . 
  also i chose bia on the commander ( of karl ) and put vents + camo + bino on it . 
  hi there ;, 
  i played a lot of the russian lines , at tier 6 in most lines . 
  but the most i played is the is-7 line , i had is8 but the tank was so frustrating for me to play ( i hate it when i brawl and i miss a shot or take one because some teammate rammed me while doing stupid shit ... ) that i sold it . 
  i mostly play german tds ( both lines ) and my main niche i found enjoyable in this game , is wiew range and/or camo abuse ( my favourite tanks are e25 , alecto , t49 ), 
  so , i have a ~ 480 % russian heavy crew , mostly thanks to is6 which i farmed credits on , but now that i have a jt88 , i dont have to suck in the is6 ( i have sub50 winrate in that ... ) and i want to put this crew in a better place . 
  my question is , knowing the things above , what ould be the least frustrating , or , most enjoyable line i can play up to tier 10 with this crew ? 
  ( i have the gold to retrain . . ), 
  thanks in advance, 
  as you may know from the client ( http://worldoftanks.eu/en/news/community/hungary-event-240514/ ) wg is going to visit the military festival this saturday , and i 'm going , i was wondering who else will attend , and also , what might be the `` merchandise '' they bring , or the `` tank codes '' , will they just open a shop-like thing , or will they give away tank codes ? 
  plus , anyone will go by car , preferably from budapest ? 
  i 'm reluctant to go by train as i 'm not good with maps and its a looong walk from the train station  would be nice to accompany a fellow tanker ( of course i 'm paying for the ride ), 
  the only thing that keeps me alive is that there no toxic medicine available at `` home '' right now . 
  only laxatives and headache pills . 
  even if i take them all with half a litre of alcohol i wont die . 
  and i cant think of another method to kill myself, 
  prolly because i dont have the balls, 
  isnt it ironic ? 
  life sucks because im a pussy , but it won end because im a pussy, 
  nvermind nobody cares anyway, 
  i played fnv many times and its time for me for a maximalist character . 
  that means i have to plan forward what special stat-enhancing clothes will i use because that will determine how many points i will put into eash stat . 
  for headgear i read on the wiki that 1st recon beret can be weared together with lucky shades and also compatible with elite riot gear helmet . 
  but can the three weared altogether ? 
  ( that would give +5 per in total with four eyes . . ), 
  also , does it worth to have power armor ? 
  some variants give +1 str which is a free stat point in my book , but some other armors like the couriers duster also give point to another stat but has less dt and less movement slowing . 
  my question is , which is more benefical : wearing a remnants power armor for maximum dt , or have something like elite riot gear armor with 6 less dt ( since i plan to max endurance i can take a bit more punch after all ) and more mobility ? 
  or is the power armor absolutely necessary to be able to beat ( and tank through ) any enemy in the game ? 
  i was wondering whether i will be eligible for a beta key if i `` signed up '' but got no email confirming that . 
  i ca n't draw , applied on the website , and sadly i ca n't really spend the wait for release with another game because the most advanced game my computer can run without lag is diablo 2 ... 
  post moved to here :, 
  do you know the effect when you put more effort into expressing something , you expect similar effort on answering ? 
  or the more time you put into expressing something the more you are disappointed if there is no one to answer ? 
  well i [ just took ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/2hmvbs/life_is_a_game_and_someone_keeps_fiddling_with_my/ ) about 4 hours to express myself , but no one answered . . 
  on the other hand , at least i could express it , which is nice . 
  i dont know what i expected either , that every people on / new will read for 5-10 minutes each for me ? 
  still , the feeling sucks . 
  i wish i had someone irl so he would be there to listen and talk to me . 
  i think i have an addiction to talk to people but no one listens because im too . . much i guess, 
  warning : long and probably not so coherent read but as everyone else i just feel like i wan na let it out . 
  i 'm sure that this might be a dead horse amongst gamers , but it 's real . 
  life is comparable to a video game , or any game really , if you compare the right aspects . 
  there is a very influential book , garry kasparov 's [ how life imitates chess ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/749622.how_life_imitates_chess ) , i read it multiple times and it was one of the biggest impacts on how i wiew life in general . 
  it made me realize that situations in life , if stripped down to logical processes , series of decisions , can be very much comparable to processes/decisions in video ( or table - ) games . 
  one of my hobbies , started at least 2 years ago , was to invest copious amounts of thinking hours about how my also copious amounts of gaming experience can be `` mined for value '' - as in , how much of being an expert in a game helps me being better in life in general . 
  also , you can wiew the seemingly random effects of your life ( genes , skincolor , place of birth , wealth etc ) as settings of video games and frankly , it helps when you are down - thats how i learned to treat the relative poorness of my family as just a thing to deal with , not a burden . 
  i am now playing a game against money , not suffering an opression by money . 
  that 's a difference . 
  now , onto the real topic here . 
  i am still playing relatively a lot , but i feel like i got so much better in life , mostly on the `` approach '' front , that i can allow myself to even exaggerate a bit when it comes to comparing life to video games . 
  this popped into my mind when i came to the atm to draw the last amounts of money left on my bank account . 
  it was about 8000 forints ( 32 usd according to google ) . 
  i have to live for another 20 days from it , that includes eating and bus to the university ( from the dorm where i live , where the atm is located ) . 
  accidentally , a receipt fell from the top of the machine , probably from the previous user , i caught it and something catched my eye . . he/she withdrew 50000 forints ( 203 usd ) and still had 960k ( 3900 usd ) left . 
  normally , as many people i looked up to previously , would just complain about how life is unfair , how this fucking little spoiled kid has so much more money and how i feel so bad because of it . 
  but not so long ago i took an `` oath '' that i try to let go of all the bad feelings , this being one , and i just realized now . . 
  this kid is just playing life on another difficulty setting . 
  no big deal . 
  being a mostly hardcore gamer myself i almost always begun the games on the highest difficulty settings , trying to test my limits , to become better in game . 
  now i 'm just doing the same in life and it feels so much better than just whining about how im poor . 
  i can thank a lot for games and gamers . 
  being a somewhat introvert gamer lead me to fail in life a lot ( im 27 years , still a virgin , playing video games and already kicked off from 2 universities due to me not being sure about if the actual topic is what i wanted to learn about ), 
  but for the first time of my life i feel so much relieved and better by viewing life before me as a challenge just like in a start of a level in a very hard video game , and finally i have it on the right track . 
  let me explain . 
  ( personal details from now on , just things about me , point already explained , you can leave now if you dont want to read about me telling about myself , it just feels good to write it down - also some comments are appreciated as i 'm somewhat more social now . 
  if you continue to read though , please read through it as someone getting dropped in a vide game of life , just like i view the past . . ), 
  when i was little , i always felt like i do n't have much luck in the small things ( i had a lot of broken bones , got beaten too often , etc ) , but when it really mattered i had really weird spikes of luck sometimes , like if someone would tone down the difficulty settings just before a boss fight . 
  for example i `` cheated death '' multiple times : born with a muscle disorder so bad doctory didnt gave me 1 year to live , survived multiple lethal accidents just because someone was nearby or i had the presence of mind etc. . 
  but in everyday life , it felt like shit from the get-go . .
