  i agree as well . 
  eve is shit ? 
  ok , wait for stealth rework, 
  people flame ? 
  ok . report them , they will get banned . 
  people report me for picking a champ ? 
  not ok . 
  i get report ( and ban ) for nothing , and i ca n't even report them with the trust that they will get banned . 
  this is an unacceptable situation , meaning that tribunal doesnt work in this case , and this is a serious problem , so riot has to do sometihng about it . 
  either finish the goddamn stealth rework , buff eve ( give back stun ? 
  really that nerf only caused disappointment for both eve players and eve haters ) , or make immadiate steps about making sure poeople will not flame/report for only picking a champion . 
  thanks . 
  fuck off eve haters . 
  hahaha i just pictured it !!, 
  lol, 
  not sure if trolling . . by the time riven gets wriggles shen has giants belt + sorcboots , that means be still facerolls you with q spam . 
  once shen gets warmogs riven can say bye bye to that lane ... 
  why should a tank get mercs lol , the cc will land on carries anyway ? 
  uh , its `` hannover '' with two n-s . with as good organized things you linked , it ruins the picture by making you look unprofessional  can you edit the title ? 
  exactly , but because it is a german word , you should spell it german . 
  at least because of respect . 
  i dont recally any of my country 's `` localized '' town names like roma --  rome and napoli --  naples ( other than a few very old russian ones , but they have story ) . 
  so i assume its a cultural difference between our countries . 
  oh well , it 's the internet . 
  usually the two-n pronouncation was in my country , i forgot that in other countries other spellings may be way much usual . 
  tunnel vision on my part :d, 
  lol mumbai spotted !, 
  last one was pretty hilarious , 
  `` this guy has numerous accounts on the top 25 of the soloq ladder , makes biiig money by streaming , carries our team once in a while , lets kick him '', 
  sounds legit, 
  i see what you did there , op, 
  and im a man, 
  i think at least you should link the stream lol, 
  np , i got dowvoted for some reason ... lol, 
  we must go deeper . 
  medieval twitch . . im jelly, 
  also the dominion aura . . you just have to click once in the clone or the real one to determine if its the real one or not . 
  exactly . 
  when im afk because my cat is on fire ? 
  i 'll be honest ... i fucking hate people like you, 
  exactly . 
  red --  fb, 
  `` marry me eve , thx for carrying '', 
  i fear you cant really run through a speed shrine because revive buff expires but maybe, 
  mudo , old jax ( havent played 3v3 since jax rework ) , trynd , singed ... play whatever , win, 
  . . including you ? 
  sarcasm , nor for everyone, 
  not to mention they dont know how to work around your ulti , which basically means if you cant stay alive while ult-comboing the carry , it 's a sure kill or more , depending on how strong the ghost is . 
  never mind my previous comment , i was sleep deprivated . 
  the splash damage of her e is flat , which means if you want to reach a certain number of aoe dmg you are better going with the base ad plus some magic dmg from the ap , because ap is more cost effective than ad ( think about bf sword and large rod ) . 
  so in terms of actual damage , 40 % of her ( bonus ) ad in gold worth about as much as 20 % of her ap . 
  the kick is , she has base damage anyway , which means if you go ap , there is more damage on her q ( because q has way better ap rating than ad ... ), 
  so in theory flat ap kayle does more damage than ad . 
  but that is the same problematic with ap miss fortune ... the reliance on items , the lack of consistency through the game is too big of a price to pay for too little extra damage . 
  just my two cents , correct me if i 'm wrong though, 
  so they are much more efficient for me , lol, 
  ap like ryze ? 
  wtf, 
  exactly , with dots like malz e or cass poison it can mitigate a whole lot of damage , its lowers healing with every hit taken though , so initially you would heal more than you take , then less over time . 
  still great though . 
  not sure , but mabe there is a more effective galio build somewhere , 
  tristana can outrange turrets endgame right ? 
  okay , so lets see . 
  i 'm 25, 
  i 'm a man, 
  upvote this, 
  never understood shit like this , if you want porn , there is redtube ... this is just sick . 
  * blush *, 
  month ? 
  i farmed that ip in 2 days lol, 
  i guess i cant come out of this conversation positively , whatever my answer would be :d, 
  every time deman says `` wisely back away from this one '' , or `` in amongst all that '' take a shot, 
  nope ... 
  we have a winner there !, 
  every fucking day the picture of wits end and an aegis flashes into my mind , i feel like im slowly going mad . 
  eve ... 
  yeah hit me, 
  she stated she lost her voice ... why do you have to think the worst possible answer ? 
  you wrote prostitute , i didnt talk about drug habits, 
  he used the term `` not good '' which is not equal to bad . 
  probably its situational depending on enemy movement speed i guess ... 
  same in hungary, 
  [ queen of blades ] ( http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20080525113927/starcraft/images/thumb/e/ee/queenblades_novel_cover1.jpg/200px-queenblades_novel_cover1.jpg ) karma ? 
  go with your rant to gd please, 
  i play dominion lol ? 
  nope , not really, 
  would be nice , then these report would go to the tribunal and maybe there were an option to reward these players with ip . 
  thats the point , i never play a dominion game for 20 min ... all my games end at like 10-15 min and i gain like ~ 50-70 ip . 
  so i had to play about 50 dominions in 2 days . 
  3/hour , that is 8 hours per day . 
  and i played more that that, 
  and tiamat trynd, 
  lol jk its ww, 
  usually my build would be depending on team comp . 
  i play him 2 ways : almost-tank bruiser ( wits end frozen heart forzen mallet forze of nature and maybe ga or madreds ) , or half.offtank `` assasin '' : wits end madreds malady ionic spark and guardian angel . 
  build may vary , i dont like visage coz you have to sell it eventually endgame and its not worth the prize then , also for example against hard ad lanes ( gp tryn ) maybe i pick up wriggles . 
  for pushing or counterjungle maybe i pick up sunfire cape . 
  against agressive lane its ok to start e but max w first anyway . 
  also , yeah start cloth and mybe use more tankier runes . 
  np , but i might not be the best source , try lolpro.com,
