  the point is that not to send the best . . is to send the favourites like the website says !, 
  fuck , some people are so blind, 
  if we would want to send the best who would ask the public ? 
  jeez . 
  indeed !, 
  and what if snoopeh is the worst jungler in lcs ? 
  who cares , the fans want him so he plays , simple as that !, 
  man , you can even be downvoted for stating the truth . 
  and if the first 10 finds you there is no stopping down the way to the karma graveyard , even if you are completely right and dont offend someone . 
  i registered 18 months ago and i admit i came from 9gag to find a safe haven from decadence but it seems like they found a way in ... 
  no no no no no !!, 
  it 's a vote for your favourite player !!!!, 
  a player doesnt need to be the best to be your favourite . 
  i suddenly feel the urge to reinsta ... no no no no no, 
  noooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  fuck it , im gon na just waste another 2k hours again, 
  who 's in ? 
  no you got downvoted for having we flair therefore not presenting and unbiased look, 
  he 's right, 
  pretty sure it wasnt, 
  pls no, 
  snoopeh pls, 
  pls, 
  hey slow down , i didnt say you are biased , i say you look like one so others might think you are . 
  i for one dont think you are biased at all , lol . 
  just you have to be extremely coutious if you dont wan na get downvoted even when stating truth lol . 
  i think anyone should refrain from posting anything that sounds like biased , it just never spawns anything good , lol, 
  actually . . probably the rioter was wrong, 
  edit : there is no known language , ( at least i dont know , lol ) that uses the c for the `` k '' sound while using j for the `` j '' sound . 
  it 's either nicolai , or nikolaj . 
  ( we say it nyikolaj here but thats another story ), 
  edit : okay , fuck me . 
  reddit prove me wrong again . 
  what the fuck he is playing heroes3 ? 
  oops, 
  i though english almost always uses the i for the `` j '' sound , as my teacher ( for 12 years ) told me . 
  guess she was mistaken ( may she rest in peace ), 
  better than diablo 2 still . 
  i remember when i was 16 and felt like i had nothing to do with my life . 
  according to my calculations i spent 3k hours playing that game . 
  never again . 
  can you imagine how much time you have to sink to have a full-geared level 99 cbsmiter ? 
  fucking 50baalruns a day , just because i had no patience to do more lol, 
  dorans ring start in mid . 
  you got no potions , no boots to escape , its like you cry to get firstblooded . 
  though i do that on high natural sustain mids like fiddle or yi, 
  i got 4 ranked pentas , 3 with yi . 
  all of them were with no tank in our team :d, 
  even better , is when they ping to gank , you do everything , they ping back and say `` l2gank '' because the enemy didnt die . 
  that is the moment i know i will never gank that lane again . 
  i dont know . . that is exactly what impressed me positively in her , i mean , did you see leelee sobieski ? 
  she was my `` celebrity crush '' for quite a while, 
  woosh, 
  uuhh dem lips, 
  you look much better in the 3rd picture , i 'd give you a solid 7, 
  1 . hide in bush, 
  fear ad carry, 
  silence ap carry, 
  drain the most vulnerable target, 
  acquire pentakill, 
  heroiin hero udyr :d, 
  i was soling baron with warwick and smited early , graves bot killed me and stole baron with q :(, 
  i dcd once in a botgame for 15 minutes . 
  by the time i reconnected karthus had seraphs , raba , voidstaff and rylais . 
  all i had is a bf sword ... fuck that game . . we had to play it for 48 minutes until we could win . 
  probably because she has the kind of `` noble '' look ( also biggest appearance by her early , was playing joan of arc . ), 
  she is the part of the polish royal family after all . . and she 's jewish to add to that , 
  ellen still looks girly . . give her a few years i guess . 
  more like 25ish . 
  i dont remember correctly but i dc 'd about the 9-10th minute, 
  also he had 20 + kills, 
  well outside of bnet there are mods . 
  shit ton of mods . 
  cool story bro, 
  edit : if you feel like you need to rant over the players at bronze 5 , your main account is not over gold im sure ... 
  in bronze 5 you can win by literally anything . 
  i had a game on bronze 3 where i won with ad carry evelynn ... 
  bla bla bla , even the jungle kat was fed in your game . . can you get off your high horse ? 
  you are bronze 5 after all ... 
  oh yeah , and forgot :, 
  rush zhonyas , even before tier2 boots, 
  you look like you draw self confidence from the thing that you are happy . 
  i mean you are proud of yourself beause you are happy . 
  while that i think is great , keep in mid that it doesnt give that much self confidence , even on the long run . 
  you posted here after all . 
  i think , and i speak from experience , that `` chasing happiness '' is a bad way . 
  better make things that make you feel a man , be proud of it and happiness comes eventually . 
  i went through similar phases of my life and all i can the biggest mistake i made was to give too much importance ( in terms of being proud of , working on , etc ) to small things . 
  your face on the 2nd pic shows some `` ladies man '' which , at your age , makes me think that you have no `` social awkwardness '' but you might value that more than something that would make you more proud . 
  although i may be completely wrong . 
  * : for example , being very good in some important thing : sport , or your ( future ) work etc. . a trick is to view yourself as a 2nd person , like a very close friend , or relative . 
  what would make him proud ? 
  it is , i mean you let them have kills ok , that doesnt make you legible to rage over it though . 
  that game is far from single handedly carrying . 
  and even if you would do it , that doesnt make you some jesus on a piedestal . 
  reddit hates hate , if you know what i mean . 
  rant `` creates negative energy '' making you , as a poster here , toxic . 
  you create a bad experience by writign that . 
  if you are like that in game . . well . . change that or embrace the tribunal ( source : experience ), 
  yeah , i remember alex speaking about a scrim once when they discussed nasus toplane for darien .
