  except arty, 
  i 'd say the tier 7-8 are a pain in the ass to handle correctly though , especially tier 7 where you really need to make the 5 degree gun angle to work . 
  also tier 2-3 suks dick , tier 4 only relevant with top gun and even then its meh due to gun angle constraints , tier 5 is decent ( ly broken but shhh ) , and tier 6 just begins to be hightier russian : big , slow and no camo whatsoever . 
  all in all very not noob friendly compared to , say , the american arties, 
  tank : definitely dw2 , not only its in a med line but also sucks dick overall, 
  module : bl-10 and bl-9 , and sturers top gun although i would only prolly grind it as daily x2 anyways because it sucks even with it, 
  it can oneshot tier 5 tanks with he, 
  besides , another mass killing it would cause its just another sensation to report anyways, 
  i meant heavy tanks . 
  he has like 630 alpha and 65 pen , more than enough to oneshot a t1 heavy with a side shot, 
  pretty sure it wont, 
  261 , because fuck you hulldown jagzilla, 
  its technically a big t67 for me , and that tank with full apcr is barely good on tier 7 games meaning even if you get mm tiers 7-8 you get rekt by tier 8 meds really hard . 
  swag, 
  actually , it is not intended this way . . 
  quite a repost, 
  not so much for galio imo, 
  galio is not an ap champ , so be it ad or ap comp he faces he needs tankiness . 
  obviously if he snowballs ayssal athenes is really strong , but with boots + void + dcap , it leaves one item ( not so diverse ) it can be ludens but that doestn mean ludens solves galios problems ... 
  galio doesnt carry by damage , period . 
  ludens is very bad on him . 
  especailly so because it would mean you need to build full ap to be significant . 
  which he , franky cant do . 
  lux tho , can rush ludens after morellos if needed , so good point there . 
  but as galios problems i would rather buy spirit visage on him if he has problems . 
  i can see her all day she is in the fucking title bar, 
  no , he is ap bruiser , sort of like cho, 
  is-7 armor with the mobility of a leo 1 , and the gun of the standard t10 soviet meds, 
  yeah in how many games ? 
  dotn draw conclusions from a single game , it it build ap prolly cause he was allowed to . 
  that is not the usual cho build ... another point , competitive play is less than .1 % of the gameplay . 
  well then i cant help you , sorry, 
  or i could ignore you . 
  its the internet , i dont have to answer . 
  f o r s e n b o y s, 
  yeah , crom just wrecks type 64 teams by going closer, 
  `` lpt : drink water to not die of starvation '' posts must go . 
  halloween is a tradition only for a fraction of the playerbase . 
  also the opening dialogue was 2 hours of laughter, 
  hm ... maybe worth to buy, 
  i did it withe su-14-2 relatively easy , 2 shots hit . 
  those where hell of a shots . 
  one ap pen on an is-7 and one he pen oneshot a waffle, 
  lt alernative : load gold and so a shitton of damage yourself by camosniping where you are . 
  i use camo optics rammer for maximum camo + spotting in my type 64 , and its a suboptimal build , but optimal for mission imo . 
  got very close many times ( talking about the t28 ), 
  well i mean if you are camoed enough and you are familiar with the distance you can chip away at their health for free dmg, 
  isnt that 6k though ? 
  still , yeah you are right , but what i found out is that lategame cleanup you dont really need the gld or vents , so you can afford that extra viewrange ( both optics and binocs ) and camo ( so that they dont spot you even if you are sitting in the open , for example on top of a ridge ), 
  jp4 doesnt suck , if you spam apcr ,, 
  i dunno if you spam gold you have decent accuracy and best dpm , and camo is on par with the hellcat 's plus it has workable armor and viewrange . 
  it might not be the best ( has less mobility than hellcat and no turret ) but definitely way , way better than the nash, 
  `` i saw something , i thought it was cool , and im obviosly skilled and important so i am right but i need confirmation so ill just make up a clickbait title '', 
  no thanks , one drainpipe connected to my wallet is enough, 
  downvote me then . 
  if i am so toxic i wont listen to you anyways , so your comment adds nothing to the discussion . 
  i was at least trying to be sarcastic, 
  i dont know but i dont think there will be too many even if in the future wg will do everything . 
  wot imo is just not a specator sport like csgo or lol, 
  i dunno i was happy with 1 gb until 1 years ago . 
  granted i basicaly only played diablo 2 and lol, 
  we engaged similar conversation in the past . 
  did you not remember that you can never convince me , or did it not go across when i tried to imply it ? 
   because you mean it a little differently . 
  you dont convince me that it is true , more specifically you dont convince me that your perception is closer to reality in this context, 
  well most of the laughs are shallow anyways no offense, 
  wakka # 2676 , could use some help, 
  60 hours a week ? 
  may i ask what did you work ? 
  you mean r e k t, 
  akali too , iirc, 
  some people look for other things . 
  for eample a c9 diehard fan would look for hai more, 
  '' i need your clothes , your boots , and your moo-torcycle . '', 
  not if you are in britain, 
  not impossible to assume this car was modified for british roads , or just modified this way for the girl though . 
  of course i know dmc is american what kind of bttf fan you take me for ? 
  point taken, 
  rock paper scissors loop will happen ... 
  my e25 feasts on those, 
  ( i bet i made errors in that sentence ), 
  until you realize that every other variation also has 1/8281 chance, 
  my e25 pens the kv4 frontally on the mg port and the mantlet , and that is 150 pen . 
  and there are so much of these in cw, 
  ht15-2 : is-6, 
  td-15-2 : e-25 ( yes i did 4000 dmg in an e25 . 
  three times actually , because earlier when i was on platoon missions i did it twice ), 
  well i was wondering if i can pull it off with a tier 8 . 
  apparently not ? 
  yeah except on mt15 .2 you have to do all 2k to tds, 
  i want the girls for muh o-i, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veg_cnyj8yk is in my mind a lot of times when i play arty, 
  side note if you see t150 angling , just shoot his mantlet . 
  i would play the at series a lot more then . 
  or the us heavies . 
  also 122.44, 
  i got lucky on both the ht15 ( blocked 2.6 k dmg from a single is6 in mine ) , the td15 ( tomato vs tomato tier 7 game in an e15 ) and lt 15 ( got muh personal on-demand orbital strike platoonmate / u/me0fcourse ), 
  incinerator i got lucky and finished it on the first try with m4 76mm gun . 
  spg missions were a breeze with the su-14-1 . 
  also i got kv-220 for some ht missions,
