  there are artysafe spots even from ccc and besides , if they camp base you are on the other side of the map with arty , therefore you are less likely to hit due to accuracy loss on distance . 
  he probably did , hes just an entitled piece of shit , so nothing you ever say will change his opinion anyways . 
  that was the kind of commentary i expected from popular yt/twitch personalities and i always let down , except this time :d well done, 
  so secret . 
  i killed kycok once in his fcm , does that count ? 
  it 's not yours , and it 's not a secret ... 
  no , its just fucking obvious . 
  steel wall + sniper in my t18 . 
  steel wall in t-25 , kolobarnovs in arty , invader + raider in my s-51 , and i forgot the name of the medal but i killed 3 tier 6 tanks in my chi-he, 
  when i played this in the game i always thought its a reference to orwell 's animal farm, 
  existing . 
  cause you get rekt before that by face hunter and patron kappa, 
  nothing wrong with the `` before '' pic . . actually i would prefer that one, 
  on behalf of arty players ;, 
  at this moment yi is broken with sated just sayin, 
  wasnt ready for hotshots speech at the end ; _ ;, 
  did i miss something ? 
  what does lily have to do with hotshot ? 
  hence why you play more ranked on patchday , and exploit these retards, 
  * sigh * - * upvotes *, 
  farming their lanes when they are dead, 
  sweet , i dont really want to delve deep into the lives of these guys because i 'm not a gossip magazine , but if its so commonly known i guess i can be happy for them , 
  damn dude long time no see , hows it going ? 
  same reason i used to ban yasuo . 
  dont see you online , but i added you . 
  for some reason this summoner name was on my block list , but i correctd the mistake . 
  my father is 55 years old , has no papers about it but extremely good in repairman works ( fixing stuff around the house ) . 
  problem is , he sucks with computers ( i can help him with that ) . 
  do you think he has a chance to make it work once he eventually loses his current job ? 
  yes gold ammo is pay2win ... on the 13 75 that is . 
  heat for higher tiers , aim at flat surfaces . 
  you can do fine with thestock gun on the s-51 , if you are willign to spam ap, 
  in this case the doc is wrong because a t-25 was built . . it should be a `` foreign design '' label, 
  not really , most of them can be negated by either good accuracy , or good camo/speed to flank/snipe . 
  for example the e25 is notoriously bad in terms of pen but the accuracy is so good you can aim for weakspots at 2-300m , and the speed is enough to flank fast as well . 
  this is also true for a lot of meds , for example the t-34 doesnt have that much pen either but the rof is good enough . 
  i dont use any gold on either of those and i average 2.6 k wn8 on the e25 for example . 
  ( will probably go over 3k when i start playing it more ), 
  i think you are only fucked if :, 
  - you are a slow tank ( amx 40 yo ), 
  - mm fucks you in the ass ( 1375 , chi-ri ), 
  - gun is shit , but then gold ammo doesnt save you either . 
  some tanks have so bad gold ammo it doesnt even matter if you are firing gold , there is negligible effectiveness gain ( jagdtiger 8.8 , and a43 comes to mind ), 
  i dont miss the point . 
  i mean most tanks dont gain shit with gold ammo except in a few niche situations , and they pay a lot for it anyways . 
  my point is , that if you cant pen at a certain position you just find another . 
  you can overcome the `` need '' for gold with skill . 
  no you dont . 
  what i mean is the amount of wn8 you get by gold is so little compared to the wn8 clever play can get you , thus rendering gold ammo irrelevant in most cases . 
  there is a video of a jagdpanzer e100 bouncing heat form a waffle turret ( cant find it ), 
   eventually you 'll have a board of dreadsteed, 
  not really . 
  if you make 6 dreadsteeds with rivendare , the moment they kill rivendare the number of steeds will not increase , so its either rivendare +6 steeds , or less than 7 steeds, 
  unless you play the second steed form your hand after rivendare dies . 
  dunno what do you expected , everyone to realize your sarcasm ? 
  come on . 
  you have xvm you see their stats , how intelligent do you think they are ? 
   submissions should be for the purpose of informing and initiating discussion rather than entertainment . 
   do n't post end of game score cards . 
  i think you downscaled the deatchclaws a bit , but great work . 
  especially with the lighting . 
  just remember ; killing yourself is the easiest way but it never solves the problem anyway and creates new ones for others . 
  i wanted to suicide for a long time then i realized i like challenges and defeating depression is one . 
  that 's what got me not want to kill myself anymore . 
  i 'm still depressed though , but hey , its not an easy road . 
  6.5-7 / 10 depending how you smile . 
  definitely attractive , but probably more to indians than americans imo . 
  yeah it was posted , too bad its turret is shit, 
  where i live we just call it littering as it is under the same laws, 
  probably heat damage i suppose , or water/other chemical, 
  lol, 
  honestly , i dont see anything great . 
  yeah , and it would also make counter-arty harder , because you dont just fire on the exact start of the tracer , you have to approximate the gun length of the enemy arty, 
  most luxury buildings were built between ~ 1860 and ~ 1915 which were a `` golden age '' so to say , at least financially . 
  it all went downhill from there . 
  true , although most of the valuable stuff that got destroyed ( l\u00e1nch\u00edd / chain bridge for example ) got rebuilt so the city didnt lose most of the charm  its just we have `` holes '' in the 100 year old cityscape , most of these are filled with either soviet ear buildings or modern ones . 
  era wow i cant write, 
  so you mean the museums are swearing to attract younger people ? 
  holy shit, 
  s-51 and su-122a . 
  interestingly enought the su-8 was hard, 
  the 122s is shit tho , why wuld you play that instead of the 122-44, 
  is it that slow ? 
  there is no downvote in this sub so . . free karma i guess ? 
  i have no problems working temporary if that is what you mean , and as i said i 'll just take whatever job i get basically , so as long as i can sustain myself from cleaning it 's ok . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.nyidanmark.dk/en-us/coming_to_dk/work/work.htm ) it states that there are several ways to obtain a work/residence permit and i hope i fall in some of the categories . 
  i need a job asap and i would like to know if it 's possible that i 'll just make my living in dk instead of hungary . 
  of course i am serious . 
  a danish agency would be neat !, 
  any idea how i should begin or a simple google search suffices ? 
  ( i dont wan na run into scam ), 
  that i know . 
  but do i apply for the job first then the work permit ? 
  and does that job itself qualifies me for a permit ? 
  right , so basically the only `` gate '' is the job , meaning all i have to do is get a job ? 
  `` having a job yet still unable to make a living '' is that what you mean by living poor ? 
  since i 'm aiming for 40 + work hours a week it will not be an issue anyways i guess . 
  i got a lot of reasons , a few of them personal . 
  other than that , danish mentality is closer to mine than the hungarian , and the location is also just perfect . 
  out of all the countries i could go to , denmark is the optimal one .
