  your mom sees you play . 
  someone curses at you . 
  you mom doesnt want you to play this game . 
  now , will she even let you play to the end ? 
  if she decided instantly she wont . 
  and if she decided later , what makes it so that this time is exactly the end of the game ? 
  `` this game is bad for you son , you cnat play it . . except for this match '' said no parent ever . 
  its because dominate was famous . 
  i call bullshit on this one . 
  this is so easily said yet so easily proven wrong . . 
  remember that thread a few months back when someone had a permaban and he had to rally reddit to get his falsely banned account back ? 
  im pretty sure amumu has lower :d, 
  also had two huge personalities, 
  oh boy , them 5 bloodrazor ww ults :d, 
  fuck this shit im living in a small country i have to pay for everything :d, 
  fuck you muffit , i 'm jealous  . <, 
  it 's so free ... 
  its also easier to play with , as the pieces are so well-designed . 
  i laughed , and then laughed harder and harder, 
  i went 8-2 , got placed in s2 wtf, 
  i can spare a few dozen, 
  minus magic resist ... 
  like gold is better . . lol, 
  ( im in g3 , spent at least 1k games in silver but g3 feels like silver ... hell even plat5 feels like silver ), 
  666 deaths and counting !, 
  she was still good . 
  imagine how you play eve now . 
  that is what it felt like to play old eve against oracles . 
  also people keep forgetting the 26 armor/mr shred on level 5 e , that was really good if you could combine it with something like bc or malady . 
  you could then transition to lategame as offtank/shredder `` support '' build . 
  there was little things that made her not that bad , just not everyone knew . 
  the old passive was stupidly overpowered in early ganks . 
  you could heal up to full with ga revive during ult with assists . 
  her q could stun ( slow ) 2 targets . 
  crit eve could kill tanks during the stun ( slow ) duration . 
  spirit fucking visage increased the ult heal . 
  making flash heal roam eve a tower diving monster . 
  any damage gave her assist fr free heals during teamfight ... hello ignite/tiamat/sunfire !!, 
  tower true sight was way less range than now so there was many blind spots and you could gank from between tier 1-2 towers . 
  well her `` bruiser '' build was kinda hybrid . 
  triforce yoyos ga was core but then most ppl used rageblade for cost effectiveness and gunblade for sustain . 
  although eve snowballing was epic back then so after the 3 core items you could probably go for an ie . 
  since you were anticarry you didnt need any penetration so for last item you could buy somthing like gunblade , hexdrinker or visage , maybe eve warmogs . 
  i preferred occult though : dd, 
  level 2 when arriving nipton ? 
  did you skip primm completely ? 
  usually im level 5-6 when i arrive there , although most of the time i hit 3 in goodsprings and end the primm sheriff quest the shor way ( reprogram primm slim ), 
  no i meant euw , on my main . 
  this one in eune is my `` smurf '', 
  mouse over `` general '' at the sidebar to the right, 
  you can talk to the robot in the v&v casion and if you have 35 science ( easy to do , i usually up it to 55 asap ) you can reprogram it for ending the quest . 
  wtf ur flair, 
  i hit 30 , went into ranked , scored a penta in my third game ... as yi . 
  have you tried sotel on twitch ? 
  how does it feel ? 
  does it give some kind of early powerspike like for eve or ezreal ? 
  you name is pentakill riven . 
  your flair is master yi, 
  thanks for the late anyswer , 
  old world blues rewards you for any book / empty soda bottle iirc, 
  charge up '' stacks of passive at spawn . 
  use third on blue/red to help jungler . 
  when enemy midlaner comes to lane , walk close to them , q , ignite , voidling spawns , proceed to orbwalk while the voidling still attacks them . 
  works a lot more times than people expect . 
  my record , is with a galio q , tank build :d, 
  i dont think fallout is in the `` beatable in 20 hours or so '' category . 
  dont get me wrong , i love fallout . 
  both can also be done in 30 minutes . 
  i ust played both many . . 
  many times , and i would say the average playthrough is at least 40 hours , and if you take your time , f1 can be 80 + , f2 can be 200 + hours of fun . 
  one ... 
  more ... turn, 
  every time, 
  i guess he will do one * lata *, 
  armor for early game all ins when u take creep aggro , or hp/level for space effectiveness, 
  possibly . 
  it happened a long ago , my memory can fail  <, 
  on a serious note , iirc morello actually mains yi , doesnt he ? 
  that 's not how you spell i-m-a-q-t-p-i-e, 
  well i played for 3 years , rating range from 760 to gold 3 ( currrent gold 4 ) and i always mained eve . 
  i didnt see many others have mains , so i guess yea , we do have mains , but not that common . 
  no , it is morello . 
  when season 2 end date announced morello was silver , he posted he wants to get gold by the end of the season , people lolkinged him and it turned out he spammed yi with items like double bt . 
  fortify galio , i miss you :(, 
  so laughing at is a guilty pleasure ? 
  now give me karma, 
  all i see is jealous people, 
  if the enmy wastes precious stuns on a 4k hp cho , chances are you already won the teamfight ... 
  i got ahead of many yoricks with teemo using 0/21/9 touching all the resist/hp regen masteries , hp regen quints , and starting with 2 beads . 
  then again , im gold , its just an idea, 
   you might ban someone who counters whatever strategy you 're working off of . 
  good advice . 
  i would even taki it one step further : even in soloqueue you could ban champs that not necessarily have problem beating , but have counterplay against you . 
  for example if you plan to play fizz you can ban tf even though you can beat him in lane he can roam . 
  or , when playing ap yi , i usually ban leona, 
  a must-have for users of the laser commander perk ( if you dont have old world blues . 
  in that case jsut use elijah 's laer ), 
  high repair and you dont have to use the stairs . 
  also bring a grenade for easy finish of the keely quest . 
  sex sex sex,
