  i mean , if you think about it , all you have to do if you dont wan na pay for the same result is to play 15 % more which is half an hour more . . 2-3 games . . do they really think i will pay more than i spend on food per day to be able to shorten my xp grinds by 15 %, 
  i mean its okay if you wan na balance with numbers but can you plaease start with a reasonable abount of benefits ? 
  there are videos on youtube so i guess you can save the trouble, 
  yeah , i was suspicous when my average jumped to 91 % from 89.5 after one 3k dmg game ... your version makes more sense, 
  still it doesnt take away my point ( except the unimportant techinality ), 
  yeah anxiety can work as a motivation catalyst too . 
  just dont let it control you . 
  a43 ( brit heavy ) and scorpion ( us td ) is coming , and also there arent 2 tier 7 prems in the game , there are 5 . 
  though you will probably have difficulties obtaining the t23e3 and the type 62 , the t28 htc shouldnt be an issue if you have the right tanks for missions . 
  whoops , left out the panther m10, 
  '98 master race . 
  i remember trying to fit ' 98 + age of empires 2 + expansion on my 400 mb hdd . 
  i did it at the end , it was glorious . 
  there is no tank that the luchs cant pen in tier 4 , so i guess it will just be full luches , the autocannon is too op for tier 4 games . 
  but that is just my guess, 
  angled , no . 
  thing is , luchses can just cap or flank the ladies . 
  as for sideshot and rear , iirc , 60 pen is enough . 
  i mean i remember penning the matildas with my m5a1, 
  it was an end of the soviet occupation . 
  i dont think they would `` waste '' their current top weapons of war to maintain hold in a neighboring country . 
  but who knows, 
  define sorry . 
  tds get outspotted hard with the new wiewrange nerf . 
  b2 has not enough side armor and when its turned the luchs already unloaded i guess . 
  has good armor scheme though , especially against autocannons . 
  maybe can be used as a turtle tactic , but that gets countered by arty i think, 
  well uh , there is this game called league of legends , last time i heard the season finals filled the staples center and the tickets were sold out in 10 minutes . . that is pretty big imo, 
  not really , it is just significantly inferior to the waffe . 
  dont you have the waffe from the 3001h ? 
  well , that is what i come here for , to be bore educated about tanks . 
  thanks !, 
  i assume with the pom-pom ? 
  also yeah i forgot about the covenanter , you are probably right . 
  it has better camo too iirc . 
  not sure about the wiewrange + speed though, 
  thanks , will try that out . 
  i can still just work my ass off 7 days a week instead , but then might as well sell my acc then as i wont be able to play it ... 
  matlida motherfucking iv all the way lads, 
  well uh i mean regular matilda . 
  failfish, 
  lmao , sold s-51 for su-14-2 and did it on second try oneshotted a waffle and hit an is7 with ap and thats it , it was enough for top dmg . 
  thanks :d, 
  do you think the su-14-2 is good for the 260 missions ? 
  76 mm is just flat out better . 
  it might have slightly less dpm but its much more accurate , especially on the move . 
  good luck with td .15 then lol, 
  now i 'm thinking kerrigan looks a lot like andy, 
  i was more concerned about the mana curse most of the 10000000000 time i fought him, 
  it might have the same size but it sure looks bigger !, 
  `` great player '' lol, 
  we are on eu, 
  whoops, 
  how old is he ? 
  it looks like he isjust not mentally strong or mature enough to handle all this . 
  it is perfectly normal . 
  however a `` breakup forever '' is not the solution . 
  you have an issue with your depression which you have to solve and he has an issue about not being able to handle depressed people . 
  if both are solved then i dont see any problem getting back together . 
  if `` joe '' had a problem with you being sad then he will probably have similar problems with any other girls , too . 
  i think its his interest to solve that . 
  perhaps tell him that you wish to see him again when you are happier , and that if he truly loves you then he tries to change for you . 
  if he refuses then you should re-evaluate your relationship ... 
  so , every player ? 
   face my skill, 
  ftfy, 
  silenced, 
  alpha not there ? 
  just spam gold from the short 88 and you become a jt88 without armor, 
  i like how the ratte 's only `` issue '' is his size . . otherwise the deign is solid ? 
  i see he likes to include all possible cards shown on screen but its the second video he left out summoning portal, 
  from your username you sound like you are hungarian . 
  if you would like some info in hungarian , pm me , or add me on skype : hok_wakka, 
  whoops . 
  doesnt work . . wtf, 
  it looks like a robot from wall-e is poking out upside down, 
  i like you . 
  some of the mods are still 9.7 . 
  yasenkrasen 's session statistics for example , dont work in this patch . 
  you have to update it manually . 
  install aslains as normal , then download the correct yasenkrasen 's from the website ( google it ) , and overwrite everything . 
  or you could just install all those mods manually lol, 
  or ` side ', 
  and buy the maus, 
  isnt he romanian though ? 
  besneyepru 's medal : ram someone after being in the air for at least 2 seconds . 
  i had the same problem too , thanks . 
  i think the best way to play the game is to set an attitude , a personality at the start then think with your character 's head when you need to decide something . 
  that being said i never did legion because i found them inconsistent ( they are barbaric and brutal yet they think about most of the mojave as inferior ... ), 
  and nooooow i 'm sinking anouther 100 hours into the game as a legion . 
  i dont know whether i should curse you or thank you :d, 
  you better, 
  holy shit dude you are so delusional, 
  its funny how you think you are arguing . 
  i 'm not doing anything else than throwing the minimal amount of bait and having fun laughing at you . 
  how is 268 relevant ? 
  did you mistype 261 perhaps ? 
  for sure , i just thought he was talking other arties, 
   merican line can do every mission plus some . 
  fv is good for tracking though .
