  15 pentas on eve ? 
  can i ask how many games you got on her ? 
  i have 1100 and only have 2 pentas lol, 
  i got one with ad yi on pg . 
  no one builds armor trololo, 
  man vs bots you can get penta with 1 click ... 
  literally, 
  her ult sucks dick , you cant 100-0 people without dfg now , but this just opens up options really . 
  the early game damage is still high ( especially the level 2 burst , i usually fristblood the enemy jungler after blue or at least force recall ) , i think she can be played now as a jungler , banking on snowballing.you can go mpen/tanky if you famm behind , or burst ap if you snowball . 
  i 'd say balanced in strengths , but still niche , not an all-around good pick like jayce or thresh . 
  yeah the ult is overnerfed , when i play i almost always only use it for the slow and shield . 
  what answer , i didnt ask any questions lol, 
  dont forget the mana regen , it opens up more diverse jungle paths . 
  you can start at red , and since you got so much early dmg you dont need red to gank if your laner has cc . 
  udyr , obviously . 
  or not . 
  75 % of lol community doesnt even know what lineman is . 
  stop thinking you are the world , america . 
  i know what football is . . you probably mean american football i assume . 
  i dont hate usa . 
  i meant that there would be little market to sell that skin !, 
  jeez ... 
  they exist as a bad example . 
  very little part of the community bought them , i bet riot learned the lesson . 
  what do you mean by ignorance ? 
  i was stating truth, 
  wow fuck me , i read didnt as `` did '' . 
  my bad . 
  to my defense it was like 3 am, 
  worse . 
  god ... so i cant even shoot any jokes now ? 
  yes , care to explain ? 
  thats a good point , never thought of it . 
  to add to that , with the rise of ad bruisers there was an increasing popularity for long-range , safer ap mids ( like lux ) who cant utilize abyssal to the fullest . 
  you might be true . . but this behavior is like 99 % what i see in streams . . any my friends do it . . everyone ... 
  i jsut felt like it isnt much, 
  i dont think we can make a better system than reddit , despite being the shitpool it is, 
  people who seek high quality and relevant lol content are using / r/summoners anyway, 
  this is as old as the game itself ... 
  whatever you call it . 
  xddd, 
  `` here 's to you , kid ! '', 
  while you might be sarcastic it is actually true . 
  the most right person i think is more like morgana . 
  evelynn has blue skin and looks less mature, 
  asking for upvotes is against the rules . 
  had some fun with zilean + eve , invisible bombs, 
  comments like this makes me sure reddit is the exact same shithole i thought . 
  post popular catchprase without , or very little context , get upvoted . 
  meanwhile meaningful comments or legit questions stay lower . 
  given the time i spent redditing , with the same mentality as this guy i would have a million karma at least . 
  i regret giving reddit that time . 
  that can be said from like half of the female heroes but mostly eve :d, 
  [ `` i may be bad ... '' ] ( http://images.wikia.com/leagueoflegends/images/b/bf/evelynn.joke.ogg ), 
  no , it actually makes the game ( falluot 2 at least ) much , much shorter and easier . 
  a large part of the main quest is to get the ship in running condition so you can sail to the enclave oil rig which includes various parts need to be collected from all over the map . 
  if you are `` dumb '' i think someone has a dialog potion to do it all for you . 
  brb checking it . 
  edit : http://user.tninet.se/~jyg699a/fallout2.html#addenda, 
  look for the part `` how to finish the game in half an hour '' . 
  also take a little time to read that guide it is very helpful , i have been playing f2 for 2k + hours and still found new things there :d, 
  dumb , strong melee weapons guy, 
  sadist ( gra has chainsaw as a weapon ), 
  generally evel character who doesnt care about authority or other people ( so you can , for example , at the start gain powder gangers sympathy instead of `` vilified '' etc ), 
  scientist who never kills anything ( hard . . very hard , especially if you want to join the brotherhood you have to make your companions kill the entire van graff family etc ), 
  good but mean character ( choose the witty sarcastic lines in conversations etc ), 
  cannibal ( this is fun ), 
  or just look around the perks and see which one you always avoided , and this time build a character around it ( like chem reliant , sneering imperialist etc. 
  and roleplay that ), 
  hoard every single item in the game ( i did it for a while but got bored after nipton . . ) or one specific item ( like nuka cola or cofee mug ), 
  using the z button to have fun in the game is . . well . 
  fun :d, 
  just report him . 
  people using the tribunal are overusing the punish button anyway . 
  isnt it megazero who won an 1v1 tourney back then . . with tristana ? 
  i just climb up to the tower in the middle and shoot them one by one with the gobi campaign scout rifle . 
  that is my favourite weapon so far , against living enemies i think nothing beats it ( at least in weapons using the `` guns '' skill ) . 
  playing nv right now and i did it 2 days ago with veronica tanking some deatchclaws but not so much , i tried to isolate them by not aggroing much of them , still , im playing on very hard hardcore and it took a few quickloads ( alpha male was sometimes 1shotting veronica lol ), 
  i recommend honest hearts first ( somewhere around level 15 ) because it doesnt really requires much skill checks or levels and you can get away without having to kill much . 
  then i recommend a very big pause to go back to the main story or sidequests that doesnt require killing . 
  i ususally pick up the main story until i get to the strip but i dont go in , just go do hh then go back to the strip , `` rob '' the casinos ( 10 luck ftw ) , buy some equipment then go out of vegas to do some important sidequests ( brotherhood , boomers , khans , etc ) , then go back to the strip again , kill benny , and basically preparing the endgame with the other 3 dlc . 
  i recommend dead money second because the immense amount of wealth you get from it ( 100k worth of prewar money , some good weapons ( gauss rifle from elijah iirc ) and levels , also it doesnt really require much skill checks either . 
  third old world blues , that is tough because of all the scorpions who are very hard to kill with normal weapons ( i admit i brought a `` sniper '' character with joshua grahams armor and i had a much easier time by slapping them with protonic axes with 30ish melee weapon skill than shooting them with any weapon even though i had 100 in botth guns and energy weapons . 
  didnt use the pulse gun though ), 
  last is obviously lonesome road . 
  by this your `` tour '' through the dlcs will not only be optimal but somewhat `` according to the storyline '' as well . 
  how do you bring more than 3 gold ingots out from the sierra madre ? 
  or are you referring to the 100k you get from gambling at the casino ? 
  that 100k didnt solve my `` finances '' at all lol . 
  supplying the gcsr , the bozar and sleepytyme with ammo was a bitch . 
  not to mention all the hard stim/food consumption coz i like it hardcore very hard with light armor and no defensive skills :d, 
  phew , thats a neat trick , thanks !, 
  i will definitely try that next playthrough . 
  however i think walking to novac if you dont have the fast-travel perk is too long , i think longer than just leave all the gold on the locker near the dead body in the bos bunker , then , if you need cash just fst-travel to the bunker , pick up some and sell it . 
  because you probably wont need it all at once . 
  ( i know this because it is the method i use for the 3 ( ugh ) gold bar i saved . 
  i got encumbered when i got back my mojave items so i figured i just leave the gold here and come back when i need it . 
  on a side note : so basically , you say , you have to walk all the way to the elevator encumbered with the gold ? 
  that would definitely take longer than 1 minute right . . ? 
  i mean you can not initiate the self destruct sequence .
