  - solve quests . 
  so basically at the start of the game i 'll pick up every single quest i can in goodsprings , then loot everything and move on to primm , and since primm quests lead me to boulder city i take a moment and disover nearby areas . 
  and i dont think i plan on getting items that need to be stealed in sight of someone else . 
  i just dont want to get caught you know ? 
  so maybe , i 'll max sneak first and steal everything . . 
  even though i 'll get minus karma i think i lose more on items if someone will attack me for catching me stealing . . almost all quests involve items etc. 
  so for example i wont try to steal `` that gun '' , i 'll buy it . 
  but most probably i 'll steal the star caps from malcolm holmes etc. 
  / r/watchitfortheplot, 
  guess you dont ? 
  i think he is just a bad troll . . 
  regular , yes , in a gameplay sense . 
  plus i 'm going to pick up a shitload of burned books :d just to see how many are in the game . 
  and scrap metal . 
  lots of scrap metal, 
  oh , well , i forgot that . 
  i never called the legions wrath over me , most of my playthroughs were peaceful in terms of faction reputation . 
  ( because i thought i can get all the quests ! ), 
  guess i 'm gonig to have to create a legion hater soon . 
  still if you think you deserve the role better jsut because you communicate you are wrong . 
  no its not . 
  sometimes im sorry but i have to force my teammates into uncomfortable positions because i dont know their role either . 
  i can carry as mid top or jugnle but when i play ad carry i win lane but suck at teamfights , there fore if im 3rd pick and top and mid is picked i dont give half a shit about what 4th pcik wants i lock in jungle . 
  yeah . 
  i understand the point . 
  i just played silver elo too much ( 2k + games ) that i know how much i can trust my mates . 
  i 'd say 7 out of 10 times when i offer my pick to someone they either fuck me up by not swapping or jsut end up sucking anyway . 
  not only that but veigars base hp regen would made it so that he regenerates taht amount in the fly time of the autoattack :d, 
  that kind of passive would synergize more with sions kit instead ( talking of the ult mostly ), 
  he also said clg will release some documentary soon ? 
  how is this shit lol related, 
  where are the mods now for fucks sake ... 
  ah fuck it i dont give a shit . 
  well they are still kids , they got time to improve, 
  first time poster here - your mouth looks beautiful . 
  what kind of ammo you carry 2k with yourself ? 
  are you playing in softcore , filthy casual ? 
  nv all the way . 
  most likely because f3 is a little bit strange atmosphere . 
  it 's like bethesda used it as an experiment that came into fruition with nv, 
  a video playthrought , with highlights obviously , would be nice . 
  i 'd watch a half-hour video per game about a good walkthrough . 
  if you manage to roleplay it appropiately it would be glorious . 
  oh boy . . why ? 
  damn i would love some references to nv , the references made nv a really enjoyable game ( like how dead money hinted lonesome road etc , ), 
  why does everyone has problems about deatchclaws i dont understand . . 
  i kill one every vats round with the gcsr ... 
  also fires way slower . 
  not worth . 
  get aer-14 if you wan na have an endgame weapon that shoots lasers . 
  gannon family power armor . 
  man , fallout 2 flashback so much ... 
  sometimes when i 'm super bored i make up the wors character names possible , like `` rectal holocaust '' or `` sister fister '', 
  yeah you better have good medicine or survival , or high crit % for crippling heads ( maybe the meltdown ! ), 
  or else you wont survive long vs ghost people , lol . 
  my favourite quests are the ones the companions give ; especially veronica and arcade . 
  also , when you had to recruit 3 prostitutes for the atmoic wrangler . . and one of them had to be a ghoul and another one a robot , that was funny as hell . 
  oh and also old world blues all the way . 
  that dlc gave me 8-10 hours of pure fun and laughter . 
  ( dr. klein for president ), 
  woooooooosh, 
  or woooooooooo, 
  well technically for energy weapons they are both outclassed by many others but if you have the laser commander and all the laser perks + critmaxing then maybe its worth to have the aer-14 . 
  but remember the gauss rifle does more damage without crit ( 140 ) than the aer with crit . 
  it basically has 4x the damage for 2x the ap cost ( talking about the ycs variant , what else ) , and not even factoring one-hitting dclaws with sneak crit headshots . 
  but having a weapon that takes half of your screen is not really fun . 
  meanwhile pew pew . . you got it :d, 
  i often find laser weapons ineffective at close range because their lack of spread ( i ues vats and fps mode about 50-50 ) so when i got multiple enemies close . . it 's sleepytyme :d, 
  and against robots ( fuck robots ) just use some emp weapon like the protonic axe . 
  the satisfaction of meting someone with a gatlknig laser hm ... . 
  oh and absolutely love meltdown , jsut not in hardcore mode or else i 'll quickload a bit too often lol, 
  after finishing the game in hardcore-very hard , everything else looks like cheating ... everything else is cheating . 
  i do have 3k energy cells in my locker but man that alone weighs 300 pounds lol, 
  you obviously do , that is why you commented . 
  probably some hommage to the famous twisted sister ? 
  i dotn know , i just make up names , its most probably a coincidence . 
  gobi campaign scout rifle , the best .308 weapon in the game . 
  ( no , it is not better thatn christine 's rifle . 
  if we dont even factor crit gc still has about 3 dmg more per sec , plus it has better crits . ), 
  yes !, 
  now something constructive . 
  i 'm trying to improve it . 
  also , wasnt trying to sound cocky . 
  i tried to shoot a joke about how hard ammunition is ( i mean weight ) to carry high amounts , 
  no hard feelings guys !, 
  alternatively you can carry 2 sets of armor with you and pick it up in battle if you really fear from ghouls . 
  but that vault is all ghouls so if you bring a char wit good endurance or a good guns and a decent weapon your biggest problem will be radiation ... 
  i think every single time i have been in that vault i weared joshua graham 's armor , had no problem whatsoever , with various weapons from that gun ( easy to obtain ) to sleepytyme, 
  just re-read my post and think that probably a good armor + meltdown would help with laser weapons and close range . 
  or just sneak crit one of the group and watch the chain reaction . 
  man i got ta create a laser commander character . 
  along with `` always on '' in a full single player game, 
  and . . how about poor janet and jack ? 
  ye , although i loved bloody mess + slayer in fallout 2 :d would love some nv equivalent, 
  old world blues . 
  never laughed that much in a videogame . . 
  i needed to expain the whole thing to my mom who just came over from the other room :d, 
  lonesome road is fine but the courier 6 's lines are . . cheesy . 
  i think it has some `` woo hoo im a mysterious man doing mysterious shit '' feeling . 
  dead money is really best in terms of challenge though .
