  good old days of no flash kog or ad ahri, 
  no , el classico comes from spanish football decades ago . 
  lmao, 
  shadow isles surprisingly has a lot of film-compatible elements like eve dumping tf or the story of senna, 
  well , what do i know , i only played up until plat 2 and in gold atm . 
  not for ulti since it only `` crits '' for 20 % more damage, 
  well , so is mf , and you can shred 2 ppl at once . 
  no , we are at a subreddit that subject is league of legends . 
  stormraiders ? 
  thanks !, 
  that title of the page though . . i would have never guessed that it is the expression i have to search for . 
  better, 
  lmao , you are wrong , it is columbia . 
  how about cartoon crossovers then . . ? 
  rise of nations ? 
  on like 8 different accounts ... 
  or any support that is for poke , like velkoz/brand, 
  so was old fiddle iirc, 
  i use tlord on eve and the assasin mastery is great cause lategame is all about walking to enemy territory unnoticed and kill someone who tries to talke their red before teamfight or something . 
  ye , assasniate that frog !, 
  biscuits !, 
  ( that was the referral program reward of totalbiscuit btw ), 
  well yeah , when i pick fill i go full ap thunderlords lux botlane my self . . 
  if you have a level 5 mastery , level 7 is easier than all the 0-5 altogether so ... two level 5 masteries are a better achievement than a levle 7 imo . 
  well there is your problem , too high elo . 
  come here in gold where i have 14 kills average per game on evelynn . . after 200 + games, 
  release eve with 2 sec stun at level 1 with invis for 10 second ? 
  eve main here since season 1 . 
  back then when she had stun and she could literally oneshot tanks during the stun from invis with zero counterplay ( when lichbane had 1.0 ap ratio etc ), 
  soo . . back then , she still was considered trollpick . 
  thankfully it was so fucking broken i could manage those games when someone went intentionally feeding just because i picked eve . 
  her only problem was level 1-3 jungling . 
  she got very low in jungle so i just picked ignite , went mid invis level 1 and blow enemy flash for free , rinse and repeat everywhere until every lane had advantage . 
  i also had jungle paths for bot ap and triforce builds , but that involved heavy cheesing ( sorakabot revive eve anyone ? ), 
  that shit left me forever scarred , man . 
  700 eve games in season 1 . 
  none without flaming, 
  lmao, 
  ayy lmao i played like 1200 games with that build, 
  the airports in 1910 were just ridiculous . 
  [ speaking of which ] ( http://imgur.com/zeag392.jpg ), 
  i suppose , yeah , but what are my words worth lol , im speaking from an elo where ap nasus support is real, 
  yes , but also , if this wouldnt happen due to some system , people would just abuse that . 
  report everyone you dont wan na play with etc. 
  e max , liandris , then whatever . 
  and the combo is we . 
  thats it . 
  not even skilling up q. works okay with poke since e reduces armor and w slows, 
  i didnt say its good , i just said ppl play it :d, 
  sheen actually helps just as much in jungle clear as echoes, 
  i would say pd is pretty bad, 
  looks like something closer to the void for me . 
  it resembles the velkoz introductory video for me , but that might just be because of helmet bro, 
  that implies everyones judgement is correct which it isnt . 
  mine neither . 
  i get mad at people all the time !, 
  i nver report anyone because , right after the game , when i am mad at them , i dont know whether or not they really did something , or they just have a bad game . 
  imagine if i knew that they will never play with me if i report them, 
  it came out before bioshock didnt it, 
  sounds like you got mad over someone else 's rightful concerns ? 
  or am i reading the message wrong ? 
  a king is a god amongst peasants ( read : he stomps on his smurfs a lot ), 
  interesting , same here actually , but didnt make that connection . 
  attack speed is still completely useless in evelynn unless you heavily invest in movespeed to apply the attacks faster . 
  abyssal on the other hand has cdr and ap , much more useful stats . 
  old eve with the old ulti would love that item tho . 
  i would try ad bruiser eve with triforce , yoyos , swifties , bork wits end and ga tho ( swap bork for echoes in jungle ) . 
  used to play that but the up front damage and range dps of ap eve is superior to every other build , i found . 
  edit : and even in that build , nashors is more effective, 
  nah man e scales with ap 1:1 so the damage of the spell goes up a lot more with items than with spell ranks = mening you max this last all the time , except if you go ad or on-hit but both of these builds suck dick, 
  the korean eve is bronze 3 tho . . and picks ignite smite, 
  if you go tanky yeah but assasin builds need flash, 
  yoyos is core in ad build , yoyo triforce -  tank, 
  warrior sucks dick on eve its actually echoes -  sheen -  roveolver -  yoyos -  triforce -  etiher ga gunblade or whatever you need . 
  ad doesnt need cdr ( coz the spells dont scale with ad too well so you rely on autos = need more movespeed and attackspeed , thats why yoyos is good ) , armorpen is wasted because ult and q do magic damage ... 
  and echoes are just superior . 
  i agree , cdr and move speed is best , but you can hardly call yourself ad if you buy warrior for cdr and your only other ad item is triforce lol, 
  yeah , and alistar is a bull , not a cow ... 
  balls ? 
  well i guess that is the magic of 3d printing . 
  or seashells !, 
  wow 2000 % markup seems a bit excessive lol, 
  you mean dragoons n shit ? 
   exactly , dq was not really a good environment to train 5v5 anyway . 
  mostly because analysts creeping on players lolking profiles to determine what they are practicing lol, 
  or more like , implementing those would result in less money being made, 
  nice insight thanks !, 
  smurfs are very easy to detect ... 
  i have one , evelynn main ( < 3eve is the tag ) . 
  my ign is eveiynn bot ( small l is actually a big i , but you can copy paste ), 
  i love you, 
  but magic doesnt exist . 
  speciall effects do . . 
  and janna with 2 rings, 
  pantheon is sexualized as well , just not for heteros i guess . 
  lot of them have ridiculous muscles though, 
  as an eve main im loving it, 
  everyone : no, 
  as someone who usually fucks himself , go fuck yourself . 
  a lot of league chars are copy-pastes .
