  i was referring to the sunfire cape dumbness . . if you are in sunfire range you are already seen by people - . -, 
  yarr harr im viable again, 
  erm dude just buy cdr . 
  runes, 
  not to mention the pbe version of malph has an ap ration on e too !, 
  well , if i recall correctly it is actually a nerf because the armor ratio is now 30 % instead of 50 % , and the ap ratio is insignificant ( .2 or less ) i think its just to promote the more ap-oriented builds . 
  not to mention the extra dmg is magic , and you dont buy magic penetration on an ad carry . . 
  azingy builds on all tanks !, 
  +21 here but i only started using upvotes about 2 weeks ago :d, 
  infernal alistar , gatekeeper galio ... 
  would make sense with a special quote against zyra lol, 
  do the same with jaximus for epic amounts of free karma, 
  so there are 2 builds , a tank and an ap . 
  the ap on is stronger . 
  conclusion : he 's not a tank !, 
  he 's a tanky ap carry in my opinion . 
  q is still the same in terms of damage , only used for proccing sheen/lb/w . 
  has aoe though , so cleartimes are very good . 
  the damage is insignificant compared to e+aa s though . 
  w is a really nice addition , makes me want to use mspd quints + masteries on her . 
  e got nerfed . 
  they added an ad ratio but nerfed the base damage , and it doesnt shred anymore . 
  i guess if you can focus on ad then it will be a good endgame spell too . 
  i think the ad ratio is just here to make up for the dps you lose by casting the spell . 
  it hits twice , so fuck yeah rageblade . 
  the ulti . 
  holy balls its fucking awesome , a bit high cd on early , but ok late . 
  the damage is meh , the good thing i think is the sound effect mashit really well with eve 's kit , gives the `` oh fuck its eve '' feeling . 
  i think she is going to need a rylais though , to make it effective . 
  build-wise : ap eve now does sick damage without dfg and new stealth makes area debuff items viable on her ( old eve couldnt wera abyssal because the debuff icon gave away the element of surprise ) . 
  i still dont know what her proper build will be , as the 120 % as buff is very nice , although for a shor duration , moderate cd , so it should be up more than once in teamfights . 
  overall : they gave damage , utility , speed , and a slow-cleanse . 
  makes me thing that the absence of hard cc makes her either a carry ( like jax ) or a utility counterjungler ( like mundo/shyv ), 
  she is way better than the old eve and i 'm excited . 
  i got a counter example - kassadin wasnt intended to be an ap nuker at all . . 
  posting endgame screens is strictly against this subreddit rules ( i found out the hard way , lol ) . 
  how is this found its way to the frontpage then ? 
  explain please . 
  other than that , gj . 
  any jungle can start boots with a 30 armor + whatever rune page , you are just slower . 
  thing is , eve is not slow jungler anymore . 
  try yourself before speaking . 
  as an eve player i never got feared/attacked by shaco boxes when invisible . 
  yep , 
  you have to go for more armor runes , sacrificing offensive potential ( ap/as/ad rues ), 
  [ just look around when you post . . ] ( http://imgur.com/q6z43 ), 
  eh probably a vision ward was nearby ? 
  hm , got ta test it tomorrow , maybe my mind fucks me over . 
  lol . 
  ever bought visage at level 5 ? 
  bad at farming ? 
  first of all if you dont want a toxic community , stop using psa for things that has nothing to do with psa-s . 
  no , it 's not an announcement . 
  it 's you demanding something . 
  deal with it . 
  like you arent an ass yourself , calling me a kid without any knowledge of my age . 
  i care so muuuuuuuuuuuuch, 
  lets suck more froggen dick while adding nothing of value to the frontpage , gj . 
  finally , someone gets where i got the name from . 
  something something about my money and riot and that they should take it away yadda yadda, 
  why , you dont like mantheon ? 
  or lee sin ? 
  or rugged garen ? 
  looking forward to it , your content ( guides ) was always useful . 
  no , really . 
  used your ww guide in 135 ranked games lol, 
  i 'd play the shit out of that skin . . 
  wait that turned out wrong, 
  nuff said, 
  damn i wish i would be greek , that skin looks awesome . 
  duo q with someone who has the same intention * wink *, 
  probably , but that is if you level w, 
  when i realized you can swap items in the inventory . . i didnt buy dfg or zhonyas ever until that because i felt lame pressing 6 when my finger was on e, 
  no to mention his `` sacrificing minon '' thing was actually an 1k true dmg nuke to a minion so you could spellvamp with it . 
  spending rp on alistar - . -, 
  i noticed this when trolling as ap plank :d, 
  besides it worked with your ap carry having wota, 
  [ you ca n't ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw7xg2lxkbk ), 
  most likely 2 early points in q but max e yeah, 
  i did . 
  however that is only one version ; against early rapists ( mundo shyvana etc ) i like to build 0/21/9 and go for flat penetration ( sorcboots brut ) and mercs . 
  works really nice . 
  also 21/0/9 also works , not to mention the infamous revive smite eve , now with full offensive pagea ( anything lol . 
  full ap or full crit it doesnt matter ) and 29/1/0 like a boss . 
  or 9/0/21 aka cdrmaxing ap carry build . 
  everything works if you can utilize it to the fullest . 
  banshee fucks him over so hard , lol, 
  just because of that i love randoming eve in arabs arams . 
  so much fun playing a decent eve lol, 
  show this to egoignaxio, 
  i like this song . 
  you should fuck off . 
  came here wanting to see highest rated comment is somehing along the lines of `` liar !!!!, 
  ! 44 '' , wasnt disappointed . 
  [ that letters sure look real ] ( http://gifsforum.com/images/image/bullshyt/grand/i_call_bullsht.jpg ), 
  i think i found it in / r/frugal, 
  what did he wrote . . ? 
  i hope you are not serious . 
  you mean the other way around ... 
  it 's unacceptable to disable more than 1 ( for bugfix like the 1 hp yorick bug ) champion at ranked .
