  and decent view range . 
  hmmmmm ... 
  long years ago , something happened to me , since that i am really unable to present any emotions ( besides sadness ) . 
  since then i 'm seeking things that stimulate my `` feels '' so to say , and this post sent a chill down my spine which is a wonderful thing , thank you very much . 
  i feel a tiny bit better now . 
  yeah totally gon na raise a 4 skill crew and food to statpad at tier 2 . . nah man, 
  that , and frontin makes wonders :d, 
  anyways , i wish you and your ( soon-to-be-so ? ), 
  a long and happy life . 
  i most definitely think you deserve it . 
  it seems like you are using some texture mod or skin , that might be the issue, 
  this was better than expected :d, 
  basically , you only get cr for medals that have a yellow ribbon behind them ( and are on the right side of the xp number ), 
  thank god for html5 version . 
  the only thing i couldnt pen when i hit him , when i played the sturer , was a kv4 frontal , but it was a snapshot ( coulnt aim for his mantlet ), 
  not really , the gun mantlet is pennable with 175 pen, 
  my e25 just survived 4 heat rounds of a t57 heavy last night in cw , i guess i was lucky . 
  i also ammoracked another t57 heavy in it , in a pubgame . 
  ye but who isnt selfish ? 
  fucks that ram me out of my bino so they can spot first, 
  fucks that use me as cover when im in my scout in a bush and they are in an e100, 
  fucks that tk me when i accidentally bump into them, 
  fucks that tk me when i dont suiscout, 
  fucks that tk me so thay can have all cap points , or have more kill , or they just feel like it, 
  fucks who drive into my wiew to take a shot and dont move after, 
  why care ? 
  i play my elc as a td , and the whole team can suck my dick . 
  is that the 57 mm btw ? 
  yeah but you arent like most people . 
  i got 40 game chat restrictions while literally only saying `` gg '' and `` ss '' and things like that in chat . 
  must have been a reason ... 
  ( i play ww a lot . 
  ww needs blues until long into the game . ), 
  becausei know it would be pointless . 
  hence my username . 
  tribunal `` accuracy '' has a great logic flaw , it implies that most of the users of it are morally right when using it . 
  they base judgement on vocal majority , not morality . 
  which is sadly two different things . 
  when my first acc was permabanned , the tribunal casses i recaived ( 7 cases ) contained : 1 . where my offense was to crack a very inappropiate joke , 1 where i played nunu mid and did badly , 1 where i stunned the wrong person ( in a plat game ) as taric , and 4 others where i jsut got caught in a crossfire of flame and couldnt know what to do . 
  oh , and reddit told me its ok to permaban me when i asked . 
  then i realized all i hae to do is to stop giving credit to riot or reddit at all . 
  i just created this smurf , not buying any skins and thats all . 
  i dont think the system is right at all , so why complain about my ban ( that happened more than a year ago anyways ... ) ? 
  i dunno , i think the system itself sucks dick so i dont report anyone at all , its pointless . 
  just think about it : since tribunal has been introduced , did it improve your game experience ? 
  ( as in lessen the relative quantity of flaming ? ), 
  i dont think so . 
  i know the playerbase grew larger , but so did the flamers and tribunal didnt stop them , so why use it ? 
  lets have an example . 
  say before tribunal you had 20 % of playerbase flaming you , so every game you had 2 ragers . 
  nowadays there are waay more people playing the game , and lets face it the overall age of players went down . 
  therefore the average player is less emotionally educated , so to say . 
  i dotn really want to make an assumption but lets say there are 3 ragers in every game now . 
  you reprot every one . 
  they get chat restriction , or ban , whatever , they ban half of them , so what ? 
  statistically speaking there are still flamers , 1.5 in every game on average , so what changed ? 
  now there are less players flaming you every game but the bottom line is you still get flamed every game . 
  the only case where anything i said can be considered as flaming where some 12 year old took my contructive criticism `` man you really shouldnt take blue as trynd at 30 mins '' as flame . 
  i can provide you with the cases if you are interested . 
   i do n't believe you, 
   you 're either deluded or a liar . 
  you dont have proof that im wrong either , please dont make judgements just because you dont have proof of the other side of the argument . 
  thats not the case , i dont have any mana probs anyways since i use ls runes/masteries , and therefore i can afford to buy manapots instead of hp pots . 
  what i cant afford , is to buy cdr early for my ult , and without it i might as well not gank . 
  maybe you play better than me and you dont get reported for feeding ? 
  w.c. posts on the eune forums ? 
  or euw ? 
  i dont even use any riot forums at all , where to post ? 
  okay ignoring the fact that you are ignorant of my point , lets just assume by deluded you meant i dont see that i was the asshole ? 
  yeah . 
  that might be the case . 
  but see for yourself , does these 5 reports worth a permaban ? 
  ( i messed up the number of bans with other tribunal case from earlier ban ), 
  by top tier i meant highest number of tiers . 
  b2 neer gets to a game other than tier 4 games . 
  that 's a fact . 
  auto downvote bot to confuse spam bots . 
  that thing is doable in soviet arties too . 
  261 has similar armor to that of the 263 , and the 14-2 can have some miracle bounces too . 
  i remember having 2k potential damage once in my 14-2 , for bouncing 3 bl9 shot and a leo pta before shotgunning him for all his hp . 
  hah , good times . 
  i do , therefore you are wrong . 
  yeah , that jsut makes me not care about my winrate at all . 
  somehow its still 60 % + over the last 1k games, 
  ha , really liked the style . 
  more please , 
  aaaand late again . 
  also the turret side armor is flat and very penetratable to basically any tier 5 tank it meets, 
  i loved it , its a nashorn on steroids : better camo , better armor , better speed ( or not , dont remeber exactly ) and better dpm . 
  the only downside is that in higher tier games it needs a lot more gold than the nashorn because of the lower pen ( using the short 88 - with the 76 mm its just a stug with more hp anyways ), 
  yes , and also the dpm is amazing , nearly matchers tier 9 meds . 
  i remember face hugging a patton and coming out ahead lol, 
  were is the lowest armor value in a kv1 anyways ? 
  i know it has 70 + mm armor everywhere but sure has weakspots , isnt it ? 
  perhaps an apcr round form the 2cm flak ( 51 pen ) can sneak through . . 
  but leo is fucking awesome with the 5 cm, 
  mmmm hahah cruiser 3 clipping t18s from front . . best feeling ever . 
  sometimes you only need 3 ammo so you can use it on a low hp one nearby ... double kill !, 
  its still a worse cruiser 3 though ? 
  less wiewrange and gun depression,
