  basically she is more like poppy : highly item reliant but scales very well, 
  nunu is fine as he is . . actually he is a very good jungler , i dont know how people think its not viable . . lol . 
  if you think nunu is a bad jungler only because of him being singletarget , you are not understanding nunu at all . 
  that said , its is only good if you need to build hd early game , for example when the enemy karthus got some early kills or something . 
  i still think that super late game mom is not an option in any hero . 
  no , i mean , typically you build hexdrinker eraly then leave it , buying other items and then finiching with mom . 
  that is not typical imo, 
  do you think someone can climb up to rank 1 nowadays with playing only 1 champion ? 
  no just no . 
  in order to utilize the passive you must build resistances , so flat health is somehow bad on him . 
  for attack speed there is wits end , w and sometimes madreds . 
  for aoe there is sunfire but you dont really need it . 
  of course i know spamhappy ( < 3 ) but he is not rank1 . 
  exactly . 
  also the q heal scales with enemy hp so it can be considered as a `` flat heal '' as it doesnt scale with anything you build . 
  ( except if you have like 600 ap lol ), 
  aww yeah good old mid twitch times , 
  lol how didnt ths came up earlier lol, 
  there are 3 solid pick now : irelia , rumble and nidalee . 
  i have problems with renekton with any champion played top , but this is maybe because im bad :(, 
  critplank with exec works wonders against him . 
  also olaf . 
  fucking truedamage nurf pls ... i dont even know what is falsedamage :(, 
  i tell you what , this wall of text is a complete and utter bullshit . 
  i spent 2100 ranked games in the 900-1300 range and i can count how many times i met smurfs . 
  4 times . 
  once i got pubstomped by a 2k elo shaco who was streaming, 
  once i duo que 'd with a 1900 elo player 's smurf, 
  and two times i got matched with chaox 's smurf , once on his team , once against him . 
  so 4 smurf wins from the 2100 games . 
  that is 0.19 %, 
  you see the problem ? 
  unless you are about 52 times unluckier than me , you are talking about an insignificant number of games . 
  accept the loss and move on . 
  not hard but takes time , and people are not really willing to do it just because you told them to . 
  posting a link makes it only one click , and it means more lazy people will check out too . 
  havent learned marketing , did you ? 
  well the shaco one posted stream link in all chat . 
  the duo q was a friend of mine . 
  and i usually watch chaox, 
  well there is deny in lol , it 's just not that much . . 
  did you see voyboy 's lee sin ? 
  he shielded minions every time , actively denying the enemy laners . 
  i believe hp quints are superior to gp10 in tournament play ... amiright ? 
  him going 12-0 can be a sign :d, 
  what is the definition of denying then ? 
  i 'm fancy for some nitpicking, 
  probably tranlsation errors, 
  well the problem is maybe on the receiving end then , if you know what i mean, 
  gp used to . 
  but even deny playnk build was soo not worthy i think . 
  i though you get xp even when the enemy kills the minion , my bad . 
  so finally when you play against mao you can get literally snared, 
  enough of that joke we get it okay ? 
  i would play taric as support for an early game comp , to make a kill lane bot with urgot , making snowballing easier . 
  also probably soraka or tristana mid as a counter, 
  tie with shyvana i think . 
  depends on matchup imo, 
  trm did it once . 
  anybody has a spare fuck to give ? 
  they are all so quality , and humorous : ) well done, 
  1950 elo , only eve stream, 
  well you are wrong , sorry . 
  to be honest , what you said is bullshit . 
  also ther are some very good evelynn players here , for example bigfatjiji , he just didnt play her recently, 
  okay , lets nerf yorick to oblivion then , preferably after you played 400-500 games with him and got all skins , lets see how butthurt you will be . . 
  seriously though , try more empathy, 
  and i have the right to do that . 
  once i had an 1v1 ranked game in soloq ( 8 dc 's ), 
  unfortunately my opponent was malzaher , with me being trynd :(, 
  lol no , i can jungle . 
  that not the point . 
  there are hermless-looking champions like sona . 
  some champions are just more disruptive . 
  live with it . 
  also , i think yorick should be removed from this game way before eve . 
  eve is more like shaco . . never clears all the jungle , she ganks instead . 
  but yeah not so fast clear . 
  about the same as amumu or gp, 
  no , no no . 
  offtank amumu dies way too fast . 
  as stonewall pionted out he should be played glass cannon suicide burst mage , much like karthus . 
  ( source : http://rog.clgaming.net/blogs/jungle/6009-jungle-tier-list-lulu-era ), 
  exactly . 
  i can actually jungle very fast with evelynn too !, 
  what a surprise , is n't it ? 
  i have chosen motherfucking evelynn as my main, 
  beat this . 
  man you are trying to hard to prove me you ar right , you realize you cant win this argument ? 
  please , just move on . 
  be more tolerant, 
  the hate i get is ridicoulously high, 
  even here on reddit lol, 
  its a trap, 
  mistakeception, 
  loled on this one :d, 
  ( you meant to press f right ? ), 
  athene is not my friend lol . 
  he is a douchebag with an ego bigger than hitler 's . 
  not sure about this project however , it may turn out good .
