  when i play t18 i 'm actually hoping i get a 25-30 % chance ( xvm ) game because that means my team wont survive the first yolo attack so its bigger chances for me to get the kills . 
  using the 2 cm flak am i right ? 
   no mod will make the game more fun, 
  except gnomefathers sound mods . 
  that sound when artillery 's shell flies and then the impact . . pure sex . 
  i dont really know other tier tanks , but the luchs , which i have and love , has 95 mm pen on top gun so it doesnt have problems penning a lot of tier 8s from behind and has great mobility so personally i dont mind being in t8 games ; although i can imagine other ttanks have problems in this regard . 
  also the hp may be a a problem since t7 arties sometimes can splash you from great distances ... 
  and then you lag out so hard that you dont see that in the masses of engaging t7s there is an enemy t18 which can put 3 shots in you before you could see the next frame . 
  in this shot the t18 was behind me , but . . right after i took this screenshot i died . 
  i took no damage prior to 0.1 sec before this shot and i ended the game with 1200 potential damage taken ... 
  exactly . 
  and `` good luck and have fun , fellow tankers . '', 
  he has a phenomenal talent of playing every position like a machine lol . 
  even king 's gambit . 
  i admire it . 
  no , he played it earlier in a serious tourney . 
  but he went into a technical position , not typical kg position . 
  time to fire up my ms-1 skillz then ( got like 38 % winrate after 90 games lol ), 
  yes , obviously . 
  although i think its kinda balanced that it doesnt get always 4-6 tier games , because at tier 4 this gun is a terror . 
  at tier 5 its a terror as well , for light tanks and td/spg . 
  at tier 6 you can still 1clip arties and damage tds . 
  the difficulties come when you are forced to passive scout in tier 7-8 matches . 
  much like the pz1c has to do it in tier 5 games . 
  no , please . 
  see it from the other side : my brother has played 9k games , i played 1k , i 'm new to the game , dont even have a tier 5 yet . 
  but all my brother has is a garage full of tier 8s . 
  i just want to play with him . 
  i figured out that i can come scout for him in a pz1c while he is in a gw panther . 
  now , i can be useful but i have to get shot every time there is a guy in my team wants to make himself feel better ? 
  fuck this attitude , and everyone who does it . 
  fuck you all . 
  edit : a huge fuck off to anyone responding . 
  i have camo + bino + vent ; 100 \u00b0 crew + bia on my pz1c and 500 of my 1k games were in that vehicle . 
  i am going to spot , unless some of you fucktards shoot me . 
  1 tier higher a luchs with similar characteristics is getting matched with tier 8s but you really have to take away my fun just because i might take away half of yours ? 
  at least i try to win , assholes . 
  edit2 : for the mentally impaired : i dont really question the fact that i am setting back the team by having a tier 3 scout in a tier 8 game . 
  what i want to make clear is that tking me is just as bad . 
  its like `` oh no you took away my fun now i took away yours '' . 
  i was going to say i almost get you because rather you kill me thatn the enemy ( since im free kill ) but the hate i get just for asking not to tk me is immense . 
  my faith in the community is collapsed . 
  also , i met a failplatoon today and killed one . 
  i felt nothing . 
  at least not better . 
  i got less gold , because of teamdamage , and we still lost . 
  this '' i tk u to feel better '' is not working , for me at least . 
  i really dont see the point of tking a free kill . 
  yes he sets you back but . . oh wait i dont even care now, 
  and i will report you every time . 
  it was a fucking example . 
  when i had 1k games i had kv1 + su8 already , i didnt say i literally was the guy in the pz1c . 
  i talked figuratively . 
  the fact that i have 500 pz1c games is true though . 
  so not only i have to be a likewhore but i also have to buy something ? 
  wooooooooooo . 
  lol, 
  is n't the ltp worth its salt too ? 
  i played a lot of games on tier 3 and ltps seem to perform well in these games . 
  might be bias though because i usually play in the pz1c and the mauser cant pen these fuckers from front :(, 
  look at it this way , he will probably play it every day , in that sense it is much better than , say , a model tank which is purely decoration . 
  depends about the worth of 55 dollars to you . 
  for me it si one week of food for me so its probably not worth it , but if there is some kind of bundle then ill might buy it if i have the money . 
  in regards of buying something else : its tricky . 
  he might need it because he just likes the gameplay . 
  in this case a similar tank suffices . 
  ( for example the t34 is a heavy tank so if he wants it he might like the l\u00f6we ) . 
  maybe he needs it because he has a similar tank of the same nation and he wants to train his crew in it ( this is very common as far as i know ) . 
  in this case only a tank with the same nation and same crew member count and type suffices ( for example , he wants a su-122-44 , which is a soviet tank destroyer , then he would possibly like the su-100y , which is also a soviet td but with one more crew member , so if he has 5 man he can train them all in the su100y because it has 6 slots . 
  ( these are cheaper than 55 bucks though ) . 
  alternatively if you dont have 55 bucks for the cause , or you dont want to decide , you could just buy him ingame gold , as much as you want , because he can buy all tanks available from gold also . 
  and he can use the remaining gold for many more causes . 
  i think the most expensive tank ingame costs 12000 gold which is about 55 bucks but check the wargaming.net premium shop for it . 
  and last but not least , nobody will respond to an 5 day old thread . 
  redi 's attention span in about 12 hours maximum , maybe 1 day for interesting threads . 
  next time you can try opening another thread if you still have a problem . 
  geez i was speaking theoretically , sherlock . 
  better make all of those tanks elite , so the xp you grind can be useful later . 
  i would have some questions though , its very unclear to me . 
  - how does the game counts the xp , and from where ? 
  can i see somewhere my progress , like in missions ? 
  - does xp multipliers like premium account or a premium vehicle , count ? 
  can i even use premium vehicle for this ? 
  - i read `` tier 6 tank of each nation '' so arty is out of this ? 
  and , to my language raw translated it means that you have to grind 100k xp of every single tier 6 tank of the game . 
  thats much more than 700k xp so i think im missing something that were more obvious to native english ? 
  i started the russian when i was really beginner ( the su-28 was my second researched vehicle ) and it was really enjoyable until tier 5 , then it sucked , tier 6 was great again and tier 7 grind to top gun sucked again ( i chose the su-14-1 ) and now i sit on 100k xp on the top gun and i enjoysed every bit of it , 
  tried french arty , got tired of sucking at tier 4 . 
  the tier 3 was especially painful . 
  thought you would like a beginners perspective lol, 
  i 'll definitely do it , i thnk i play that much anyway , just have to grind out a few vehicles . 
  i 'll spam gold for more xp of more hits , hope that will help . 
  then when i 'm low on credits i just hop in the e-25 and start farming the is6ers :d, 
  i have a feeling though , that the top 10 xp rule might induce tking at start ... 
  except that she gets more shield with it then . . ? 
  yeah for me i only use it when im pretty sure i can get a kill after . 
  my maximum was 8 shots do destroy a building but then i killed the arty behind it with one shot . 
  so i guess its like pumping 9 shots to get a kill . . my only problem is that the 8 extra shots count as miss and i get no xp/credit for it . . 
  i think the cromwell is better to farm xp , as well as a hellcat instead of the m4a3e2 . 
  might be just bias though .
