  the tier 8 tanks that earn the most credits are the is6 ( russian heavy ) , the l\u00f6we ( german heavy ) , the jagdtiger88 ( german td ) , and the t34 ( usa heavy ) , so it would be preferable if you would have a crew for them . 
  otherwise , if you want credits , you better buy something that can accept your crews but nott necessarily tier 8 , for example a su-122-44 could accept your su-152 crew and makes nice money . 
  wait what ? 
  are they just other names for existing vehicles or have they got deleted from the game ? 
  not really , if you have premium acc you can easily get 50k + a day not counting doubles, 
  average 10 min a game , thats 4 hours . 
   not using d3rp, 
  who said its small , i said it is easily doable . 
  how did you get the reload to 1.9 sec ? 
  i got bia , vents , rammer and chocolate and it is never above 2.37 . 
  also , the aim time is 1.7, 
  or , maybe they are right, 
  my brothers were playing the game long before and they told me the best first line for me would be to climb up to kv1 . 
  i did that , and quickly realized that i need another tank to play when its in battle so i started down the russian arty line . 
  it was about tier 3 when both of my tanks ( su26 and t46 ) when i got constantly being pwned by pz . 
  1c 's to the point where i was pointing out to my team `` kill the pz1c please '' before every game when we got them on the enemy team . 
  i come from league of legends and i used the same strategy from what i learned there . 
  ( i started with warwick originally but i got raped by evelynns so many times i started to main eve ), 
  and thats how i bought the pz . 
  i 'm also a theorycrafter so i used the flak and laughed to the face of enemy pz .1 cs trying to pen my front with the mauser . 
  accuracy is not bad in itself , i think the aim time and shell velocity is more of a problem ( and makes it feel like it has less accuracy ), 
  its not fun playing heavy slow tanks for 3 tiers then switching completely on the elc, 
  t71 has good wiew range for passive scouting , as well as good speed and a decent autoloader gun . 
  i had tons of fun playing it , it can damage more tanks than you would imagine . 
  ( the only drawback is that is has heat as gold ammo ), 
  or the looks of an elephant . 
  i 'm grinding my jp4 and i 'm loving it . 
  the `` secret '' is to use the 88 mm and shoot only gold . 
  i dont know , i think my xvm is wn6 and i never botherd to upgrade . 
  my wn6 is 1005 , and my wn8 should be yellow too according to my platoon mates . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  if that is what it takes , i will train a lot . 
  i just used - g - as an example of a clan that i will not be part of in the near future ( or , never ) because they are too good for me . 
  but there are probably `` worse '' clans that will still obtain the t95e6 is what i mean . 
  i have a wte100 but i 'm playing piss poor in it , so it is probably better for me to just grind a more suitable t10 for my tastes , than just get better in the wtf . 
  thanks for the recommendations . 
  i 'm currently at the fv304 on the brit arty line , is the cgc any similar ? 
  it might be my playstlye . 
  also i 'm about 150k xp away from the object 261 if that counts . . 
  why would i need a spot every night exactly ? 
  isnt the cw reward tank for every clan member ? 
  ( not like i wouldnt want to play every night , just asking ), 
  thanks , that was some really insightful advice . 
  i 'm pretty sure i am nowhere near my skill cap as there are many ( irl ) issues setting me back and as i sort them out my skill will naturally improve . 
  i play chess as a measure of my mental strength ; when i was around 14 years old my elo was around 1900 , now it 's 1300 which is fucking bad if you ask me , and the only thing it tells me is that i am capable of so much more if solve , for example , concentration problems due to insomnia . 
  yes , and that was worse when i played league of legends . 
  average game there last 30 minutes . . and every second counts . . 
  mom why cant you understand i cant pause an online game, 
  i dont really know - better start preparing for it right now, 
  thanks , will try it sometime, 
  oh shit , better get really good then :d, 
  umm, 
  my only problem in the wt was to find a position close enough to the enemy that i can pen their weakspots without getting anally abused when i get spotted ... 
  when i loaded gold i could do that , abusing my 420 ( * giggle * ) wiew range , but it felt like cheating . 
  does everyone use gold in cw ? 
  can confirm , am wtf player, 
  very nice job tho , 
  meh , anything can happen in the next few years . 
  who knows , maybe i move to usa . 
  i just assume that there will be a clan wars exclusive reward tank and i want that . 
  i 'm a collector - also , free premium tank is always nice . 
  no , not at all . 
  thankfully though i use wot actually as a training grounds to understand real life ( mostly social ) motions and such ; therefore getting better in life in general and in wot is pretty much parallel for me . 
  sucks to learn everything myself but i think i have a good ground ( my mind ) to do so . 
  i just need time - lots of time . 
  exactly !, 
  i set my next goal and ijust wanted to know if its doable or not - it looks like doable to me . 
  if you just want to improve your stats , just play the kv1s , hellcat , borsig , t18 etc. 
  if you want to imporve your skill that is up to you . 
  we cant help you because we dont know what kind of a person you are . 
  english/hungarian fluently , some others i understand basics . 
  yeah fuck that . 
  part of the reason i quit . 
  i miss the times when i could force level 1 flashes with stunning out of stealth with roaming eve . 
  he is just buttmadjelly , move along, 
  and hp, 
  can i ask you how did you zoom in so hard ? 
  i think you have a mod which enables more zoom , correct ? 
  ( and can i / where do i get it ? ), 
  yup . 
  135 alpha x 60 ammo = 8100 damage assuming none of them is a killshot and none of them are he . 
  means he shoot all of his ammo with a 60 % + hit rate at least . . 
  thanks !, 
  what is l\u00f6we ? 
  fuck you with your logic we are trying to daydream here, 
  does that mean i used the short 88 on jp4 wrong ? 
  or arty :d, 
  d-d-d-dunked !, 
   m3lee, 
   great gun, 
  who talked about the armor ? 
  t92 has inferior shell arc though , meaning more people can be in cover from you behind a hill . 
  since , for example , the conqueror gc has very good shell arc , meaning the shell flies so much higher that it hits the enemy almost from the topside , many people use that to kill targets that think they are behind cover . 
  so basically even though the stats of the t92 's gun are superior on almost every way it sees almost no use in cw . 
  they use the cgc instead . 
  except its britain, 
  minecraft . 
  music is so chilling , and all i have to do is mine , forage or build . . no stress . . mmm, 
  besides all my premiums i keep some `` fun tanks '' in my garage that will never be sold or upgraded to other tier : t18 , matilda , pzsfl4b . 
  other than that i have tanks that i just dont care about how fast they will progress on xp ( currently its only the 212a ) , i only use it on platoons and dailies .
