  thunderlords when you only use one ability most of the time ? 
  i 'd assume deathfire would have been better for all those bluecard oneshots . 
  or does it not apply deathfire ? 
  at this point if would be fakernidaleegg, 
  nope , control ward doesnt see her either !, 
  other stealthed champs can see her tho ( shaco jump , twtich q etc. 
  also illaoi , when pulling a spirit , that spirit counts as an enemy champ so you dont want to be near it cause it might reveal you early . 
  can confirm that control ward does not reveal you !, 
  for me , it 's being cheap while still being 100 % eu ( minus the euro ) . 
  i cant do shit with it , but feels good . 
  that 's a major exaggeration , but ye , beer is damn cheap lol, 
  ye 1k is giga is expensive here lol . 
  for 550 you can drink very good tap beer ( in my own opinion :d i frequent a place which sells some belgian and czech beers for 550 ), 
  might be your taste . 
  i like soproni , to me its better than heineken or dreher , but there are better ones . 
  i like lowenbrau if shopping from tesco or something . 
  hey . 
  you got your point across very clearly in this post , so you cant be that dumb ... 
  ( i was in the same boots as you , my remedy was : playing games where smartness rewarded you and they werent that difficult to me , so i could feel smart compared to others , which gave me motivation for classes . 
  although on long-term probably discipline is the only option imo ), 
  i dunno i did not graduate . 
  i had other problems on the side . 
  in my case it 's pretty impossible because it 's an incurable disease , so i figured i 'll solve everything else . 
  i do n't really want to go into it , but it 's a muscle disorder . 
  ( sorry , disease might not have been the best word choice - not native english speaker . ), 
  i 'll be fucking there !, 
  i dont care if i 'm broke as shit , i 'll find a way . 
  this building alone got me into architecture . 
  very old pic ( i think 15-20 years ) , there is much more of the temple done atm . 
  if i were you i would avoid putting on too much make-up because your eyes are so radiant they are all the features you need to make your face memorable ( sorry , might not have used the best words there - not a native english speaker ) . 
  with minimal make-up : 8, 
  with `` usual '' make-up : 7, 
  it does n't work mate . 
  how have you been ? 
  like commenting on reddit, 
  lmao, 
  i 'm sure aurelion sol does . 
  last i checked bronze shines , so not so dark, 
  minecraft ? 
  / r/gatekeeping, 
  life is a dominatrix , is n't it ? 
  engage ? 
  if they fuck up the eve rework im done witith this game for good, 
  no shit m8, 
  in short , she got tricked . 
  oh yes , yes , they do have many special uses . 
  i know . . from a friend, 
  more like their high cost , but yea, 
   the relieving christian coalition forces, 
  who were mostly sobieski 's polish forces right ? 
  shame they are never happy, 
  well , if you do n't want to put the effort in you deserve to be inexperienced then, 
  i meant only in the op context, 
  lmao, 
  oh yeah my pick is lee every day for a good reason lol, 
  the darkin banana, 
  nice, 
  also his teeth , his taunt always looked like taking a bite to me, 
  wait you are not buying sheen at your first recall ? 
  i thought its standard for ad eve, 
  not so fast lol im only g4 though, 
  found the edgelord, 
  i love you, 
  double rainbow ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  except you dont decide what you vote about . 
  holy shit thats amazing, 
  i hate to burst your bubble , but this is not an english team she 's on . 
  international doesnt mean english dude . 
  it 's not even the world 's most spoken language, 
  the problem is , you assume she should know a language that is most commonly used as a medium . 
  what i say is , she only needs to learn ( know ) the language that is used during her work ( which is russian probably ) . 
  let me break down this to you . 
  wg , a russian speaking company , hired another company to do some stuff . 
  wg had absolutely no obligation to have their employees , any employee , to speak english . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  he deleted his post so i cant checfk but i dont remember mentioning gender causing any of the problems so i dont see the misogyny here , but i 'm open to criticism . 
  who said she couldnt communicate ? 
  maybe the other company has russian speaking ppl ? 
  maybe she speaks english after all ( she just cose to speak russian this interwiew ?? 
  you are assuming a lot of things here . 
  oh yeah you are right lol . 
  i just do n't like to dismiss people by stamping a label on them , because maybe they are just misguided, 
  i cant see it . 
  i 'd say that is latin , or greek . 
  not sure what you mean by not historically, 
  i 'm sure they influenced our languages already though ? 
  can i have some downvotes please ? 
  have you considered any other option ? 
  in hungary too, 
  you 've been hit by ... 
  ill give you that one for the joke , but its actually struck *, 
  yes , after every death, 
  a summoner has disconnected, 
  thanks . 
  after i posted i tried to calculate some more and i did something silimar to yours . 
  i think what you missed here is that all of these events repeat except the 0w4b and the 4w0b . 
  for example 1w3b happens 4 times :, 
  wbbb, 
  bwbb,
