  he is a great counterjungler , so laning is not bad if you can shove up the lane to your enemy tower then while he strunggles to reach you in last hits , go fuck up the jungler too :d, 
  hmm i must practice him top now, 
  they need to probably release another support before it would happen , or else you can just ban all supports and go for retarded bot lanes . . 
  well i must say here that you should avoid being overzealous , it might hurt your performance . 
  or could this be an another tanky-fucking dps with atmogs ? 
  who knows ... 
  there is a difference between sarcasm and hating , too, 
  mundo is not a tank goddamnit, 
  yeah , probably , but its the internet , so i dont give a fuck . 
  play the tutorials , and google is your friend . 
  sorry , but cant really help much , this game is really about getting the hang of it yourself . 
  * ahem *, 
  he has 2300 elo in photoshop !, 
  i play wth them exclusively . 
  swapped as quints right after the 2nd game with them the jungle is much safer that way . 
  4 . tank urgot is viable ( not ), 
  support lux, 
  support gp, 
  solotop eve ( yes you read that correctly ), 
  jungle malzahar, 
  and many others i cant remember . 
  no i play ap malzahar jungle ... 
  exactly , i play an agressive route against bluestart junglers . 
  i start at red , then gank mid , then go for enemy red . 
  hmmm that got me thinking , i played ww top exactly 96 times and i faced no renektons , but got a hard time vs gp 's and irelias . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  just wondering : since picking renekton in champselect is quite obvious that he is going top . . wouldnt getting a full , or almost full armor runepage fuck up renekton early ? 
  oh god . 
  so he is suddenly shit because no one played her at iem ? 
  man . . she just didnt fit in the team cpmps used there . 
  she is still one of the best late game carries ( along with trist and twitch ) . 
  can be abused . . not sure, 
  wonder if that date is ready , cant wait , 
  it will be like matrix 4 with jack sparrow ... you know the series had `` ended , you know that maybe the new star doesnt really fit in the story , you know that its maybe another attempt to get your money you spend on movies ... 
  but you just dont care , its so awesome you will see it , whatever happens . 
  google translator much ? 
  iswydt, 
  teemo is not an ad carry ... it 's like saying evelynn is an ad carry . 
  i 'm 1100 elo ( duh ) , but played many games so i own most champs , they dont even fit on 1 page to show , [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/qldfa ) is a picture of the remaining few i dont have . 
  came here to say this ... 
  i think the only time i gained mass elo it was accompanied by the following voice :, 
  taric : gay man, 
  ezreal : gay boy, 
  now get it ? 
  yes , you are completely wrong . 
  nevermind :d, 
  bitch please , i watched chu8 before it was cool . 
  we have all the rights to do it, 
  no , no , no !!!, 
  everyone, 
  i want a fork on the table !, 
  no , it actually does less dmg than ad reds , also it mecomes even less useful after lw . 
  because flat penetratino comes first ... 
  i want a piece on the plate !, 
  i would like to obtain one too ... 
  google it ... 
  ma bad , sorry, 
  im sleep deprivated right now :(, 
  yeah . 
  yeah check my ranked stats in s1 then in s2 ... sad, 
  well , lets wait until the rework i guess, 
  worth the time put in it , made me smile  so good job keep it up, 
  what about shaco ... 
  [ here ] ( http://www.own3d.tv/video/337274/chaox_s_ahri_-_first_impressions ) is the video where i got matched wth chaox 's smurf in soloq . 
  ( dat firstblood o.o ), 
  the dunkmaster is not that easy to dunk with, 
  it looks like ( at least reminded me of ) movements of a conductor 's had , or a painting , i found it very artistic . 
  i 'm surprised you didnt mention swamp kennen . . 
  chess.com 5min games . 
  kepps my thinking up . 
  sigh . 
  it 's not a question of viability . . it is a question of your teammates ' attitude . 
  i recommend giving zero fucks instead and carry on . 
  well just dont say shit on the chat and try your best . . you wont get banned, 
  you play a game with your friends `` nice skin ! '', 
  then another game '' oh you have that too !, 
  nice ! '', 
  i have three skins for * guess what * champion :d, 
  well there was some occasions . 
  when i met intelligent people who can help me to play eve to full potential ( counterwarding , assisting in counterjungle etc ) i can play eve more than once , and thank god it happened more than once . 
  dude they just suck . 
  thats why they dont buy pots . . leave it at that . 
  nice username man :d, 
  jax is a jungler , no ? 
  even better when you attack wukong . 
  eat bananas monkey !!!!, 
  report them , ignore them , otherwise dont give a fuck . 
  well if you add that duo/etc . 
  partners cant add each other ip , then its ok i guess . 
  good initiative :d, 
  sure why not :d, 
  no i mean 1/day from each of your friends ... cant be acceptable imo . 
  system should only give ip if you are 1st time met in that game . 
  how comes eve got up to tier 3 from tier 4 ? 
  and mumu was tier 3 iirc ? 
  i met that ww once in 1250ish elo lol, 
  this is not his facebook wall for fucks sake, 
  who the hell upvoted this to the frontpage . . 
  you cheated , simple as that . 
  not knowing you cheated doesnt make you innocent .
