  do you complete the zhonyas ? 
  i assume comparing to my build ( echoes-mejais-rabadons-lichbane-nashors-boots ) you `` replace '' nashors ? 
  makes sense thanks . 
  this way i lose 10 % cdr so i would need to compensate with runes so that i can have 40 % + without blue superlategame ( ult cdr is kinda shit plus any cdr is a direct buff to q dps and e being ready to cast faster means i can rotate back to teamfights sooner as eve is an in-n-out champ imo ), 
  do you agree ? 
  truely `` whoever is not with us , is against us '' mentality . 
  for milo at least i can see why leftists want to `` see him dead '' as he is a clear statement against their agenda and milo is making sense and he is a rightist so to speak ; but for sargon , the only connection i can make is that he is somewhat of a friend to milo ? 
  sargon is not rightist , he isnt even offensive by any ( political ) means . 
  he is literally just making sense . 
  that is why the want to silence him . 
  pathetic in my opinion, 
  should work , doesnt really fuck up the first clear as the current runepage ( 29 ap level 1 w/masteries ) kills small minions at red like on 6 hp or so basically if you lose about 6 ap or so , the clear will be still the same . 
  exactly , trolling is important because it is there as a reminder to freedom . 
  a small amount of trolling is healthy, 
  but hard, 
  yep with armor seals and ad reds . 
  thiknig about swapping precision to intelligence ( the small pen to 5 % cdr ), 
  kinda like you dont make your child grow up in a bubble ; sometimes you dont have to pick him/her up immeditely after he/she falls, 
   and eve is missing, 
  eve is always missing :d, 
  i love this period of time interms of culture . 
  no matter what style , or even the art form , many , many of the greatest things ever ( in my opinion ) were made . 
  horta , gaud\u00ed , mucha . . and then things like this . 
  proof ? 
  server ? 
  division of your main and your smurf ? 
   last year, 
  bruh ... 
  hehe . 
  my dad used to drive a 40 y/o lada until last year as well . 
  it just looked like a snippet of old times , and your comment reminded me many people probably still use cds because of cars . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm no expert but a little hurt ( being offended , being hit , eating some dirt cause you fell over etc. ), 
  works like . . a `` vaccine '' against more serious problems , just like how vaccines contain weakened bacteria that the immune system can `` train '' on, 
  about 2k here , and 1.5 k was on an account that is now permbanned . 
  yes i tried both a lot . 
  protobelt doesnt really fit into the burst build as it has lower ap then gunblade and eve doesnt really need any additional mobility . 
  gunblade can be a great alternative as it has a slow ; but then again we are playing 1shot build here , so i dont really think we need a slow . 
  however if you cant 1shot the carry yet , it can be a great item , as it also gives sustain . 
  ( edit : protobelt can be useful if you go semi tank with rylias , as the missiles will slow then , giving you a `` second ult '' . 
  protobelt-rylais-abyssal-sorcboots-zhonyas-void / liandris is a great balance build between tanky and assasin , and anticarry vs antibruiser ( you will never win vs tanks - if equally fed ), 
  i 'd say , buy gunblade if you are so behind you cant 1v1 the carry . 
  otherwise , go zhonyas or nashors , they are more useful . 
  the downside of gunblade is that you spend a lot on ad which you dont really need that much , and doesnt count towards your rabadons/lich etc. 
  i used to build gunblade every game for a very long time , but then i realized nashors do more damage , has more cdr , gives nice as which you can exploit on objectives ( splitpush ftw ) and doesnt have an active ( i 'm shit at using actives , and i dont need always need a slow - plus , i got my ulti ), 
  you would womder if it has something to do with the floating modenls , but malzahar 's tier 7 emote is just fine, 
  ... not the community, 
  is that a quote from hearthstone ? 
  oh yeah , now i know , its the shitty +1 spell damage minion , poor mans bloodmage thalnos, 
  this is perfect, 
  who 's kanga ? 
  tried this a while ago , no one responded . 
  no one . 
  fuck my friends, 
  o haha and annie bot is roo, 
  eve shits on lee , she has way more dmg pre 6 . if you abuse it correctly he has no chance even after 6 . 
  kindred can be painful if you dont punish her pre 6 . 
  but i believe the 2 best `` counters '' are : master yi ( outduels you as others said ) and amumu ( shits on your team faster than you could shit on theirs ), 
  i played 3000 eve games , and if i didnt click 3 million times on the q button then i 'm bigfatjiji - still , i dont have any problems with carpal tunnel , ( i 'm using my left ring finger for q btw ) . 
  on urf when i saw eve q cd i was like `` i was trained for this '', 
  i hope they preserve some of that , it was part of the experience imo . 
  i like that , looks like a cartoon villain . 
  then again , i dont think i could list something on eve that i dont like . 
  lack of non-ult cc maybe . 
  i preferred pre-rework eve but maybe then i would be just abusing a broken champ - and i like challenges . 
  perhaps that is the point . 
  it 's a video game after all , and voice lines can be an expression of something : parody , easter eggs , breaking the 4th wall ( you need to click once , fool !, 
  ) , etc. 
  i like to think the lines were intentionally cringy to give her a `` parody of itself '' feel . 
  and dfg . 
  but that shit was disgusting . 
  i mean her damage without dfg now is still able to 1shot anyone who doesnt buy 2 defensive items ( echoes , raba , lichbane , nashors , mejais , sell boots for another echo ) and is super fun . 
  but imagine that shit with dfg ? . 
  back when her e was magic damage ? 
  i 'd like soma real challenge thanks . 
  she is better top imo . 
  completely and utterly shits on champs that only have one slow as a disengage pre 6 ( nasus and malphite comes to mind ) let alone champs with no disengage ( rammus ), 
  only problem with toplane is that your roam is awkward . 
  and you cant really take tp cause you need ignite to pressure your lane so you can roam . . 
  i mean panth can do the same without ignite , ult bot and tp back so there are definitely some champs that can do this better . 
  but she punishes the average toplaner mentailty ( up to plat that is ) : farm farm farm and wait for teamfights . 
  the trick vs akali as eve is to go ad , at least in runes/masteries , and max e , and trade in bursts , like akali does . 
  eve has more burst than akali ( ratio wise - her e is 1:1 ratio ) people just tunnel vision maxing her q, 
  no , base stats are average , the base damages on her skills are insane though . 
  wel , , before the rework , q had a liffle bit less than a half cd than today . 
  about .7 cd level 1 and it went down a little as you built cdr . 
  i like to go more like w - e - the enemy adc is dead - w, 
  oh , i forgot . 
  i was only speaking pre 6 . 
  after level 6 there is no lane phase anymore . 
  so its not really `` myxing e '' more like put 2-3 points to it then max q. 
  at level 3 or 4 eve can back for a sheen . 
  after level 6 akali has the upper hand so eve 's plan is to push hard and roam . 
  besides . . did you second check your text for bias ? 
  unfortunately i 'm on eune , so i have to pass on the opportunity to make you eat your words :(, 
  when i get 2 kills with my first redbuff and enough gold to recall for sheen + darkseal . 
  same with teemo, 
  that eve that lets you wreck here level 2 is bad . 
  you need to play some mindgames against an invading lee as eve but you 'll be fine . 
  not gon na spoil my secrets but i like playing against leesin , they always think that with 2 detection spells they cant lose against me . . lol,
