  sigh ... 
  i die to red every single game i play eve ... 
  and its planned ... 
  no to mention he has an1 :1 ratio aoe nuke ... 
  it is, 
  they hate eve more than hitler, 
  useless my ass . . which jungler can have double buff at level 3 with around 50 % slow and guaranteed damage at ganks ? 
  ( besides shaco ), 
  it 's basically the same with any other champs . . `` ad '' gp is a soak/utility support/tank , his purpose is to do decent all game . 
  ap gp is a carry , sucks midgame but once you get lichbane + rabadons + mejais ( yeah mejais , it 's actually safe on him because of ulti ) then you do damage . 
  oh god you didnt realize we were joking right ? 
  ap trynda is the worst shit ever . . now you get it ? 
  prejudice , prejudice everywhere !, 
  weed . 
  scarra ? 
  i play smite revive eve , fuck you very much . 
  actually this build got buffed , but i wont spoil my secrets lol, 
  sigh , this topic has discussed a thousand times ... 
  soon, 
  no sorry i wont tell you , but seriously , revive smite jungle eve is so powerful like shaco lol . 
  ( other suggestion , ask me in private lol ), 
  what about sion ( im talking about e + atmas ), 
  i prefer the winning side, 
  those eyes ... lovely, 
  we just played a reddit inhouse premade draft normal . 
  our singed ( teusku ) walked right to the lazor and said in skype : `` im in their nexus . 
  what now ? '', 
  is twisted advance a skillshot ? 
  also what akali skill is a skillshot lol, 
  sorry i was still laughing , cant remember correctly :d, 
  oh , totally forgot that maokai r and akali w, 
  you got the point , sorry, 
  if graves dash is a skillshot , why ezreal flash is n't one ? 
  care to explain ? 
  its called flair, 
  exactly . 
  too bad i have university lectures that time hehe . 
  elementz wrote a very good guide on shen a few days ago :, 
  ( personal note , i disagree on items , i think it 's more imortant to rush warmogs instead of sunfire , it 's better for snowballing , but that 's my preference ), 
  4 warmogs, 
  like any chapion with teleport ? 
  i do it on trynd , yi , gp ... 
  wow , i 'm quite impressed !, 
  all roles except ad carry, 
  kayle all roles , literally, 
  i love you djuzuh < 3, 
  mundo seems very strong against him , just saying, 
  i used to play ww with 11 % cdr from runes so i need only a frozen heart to get somethong like 39.8 % cdr with masteries , but then i concluded i cant really give up early game defensive stats for late game cdr ... 
  blue pot ftw, 
  wait, 
  mf q doesnt proc sheen right ? 
  well at least not lichbane ? 
  what about morgana ? 
  prevents nunu with shield while stuning enemies after galio ulti ends ? 
  brand !, 
  strange ... once i built ap mf for fun and i was like with i have 600 ap , why cant i 1hit ninions with q, 
  miss fortune is easier to learn , bigger damage ( at least early game ) and basically stronger laning . 
  i recommand mf , with flash and heal . 
  pick up flat ad runes , and some armor and mana regen . 
  for safe farming from big range , get tristana . 
  for hard farming but much more dmg form long range pick kog ` maw . 
  ohh the drama oooh my gooood its killing meeeeee, 
  wait i dont give a fuck . 
  why not yorick then , with the exact same build lol, 
  i just wait until lol will not be mainstream anymore lol . . then we get the things you said above :d, 
  how is that even possible ? 
  anivia ? 
  umm hes a mana user ? 
  since ww doesnt really stack health items early , irelia is perfectly fine against him . 
  i play ww top often and my worst fear is irelia :(, 
  ironstlyus would approve i think :d, 
  it 's not a bug . . it 's been here since forever , and it 's intended . . people know this for like 2 years and using it lol, 
  its like `` wtf irelia ulti heals her , bug '', 
  did you watch the whole vid ? 
  the enemy akali was seen by us so it looked like stealh but in fact it wasnt . 
  so its just a graphic bug . 
  however i was referring to the stealth recall on eve/twitch , its not a bug . 
  there is nothing abuseable in this , you get this graphic bug but the enemy still see you . 
  i still can do stealth recall on twitch and eve without mastery ... lol, 
  qss, 
  learn to use it !, 
  you need to understand . 
  i play trondomere mid or i feed . 
  thats the point , , who wants to face an inevitable nunu ult ? 
  i fucking love that song, 
  shit just got real . 
  umm count me in i guess ? 
  i call him the little pick dildo ryze :d, 
  last hit with shield , problem solved, 
  i bet he would have killed tham with ad build too . . ulti has a very big base value and that small ap he had doesnt give much dmg . . 
  you know e only takes away hp when you attack right ? 
  if you kill minions with shiled explosion you get the extra max hp but dont lose actual hp, 
  geez . . 
  i think morde , maybe ? 
  outfarms/pushes kass and naturally tanky ? 
  yeah , too bad . 
  ad sion takes a shitload more skill to play than ap sion . 
  oh here you are sorakabot, 
  let me tell you something , from the deepest of my heart :, 
  fuck you for ruining my main,
