  edit : and eve is bullshit now, 
  thread of great magnitude, 
  until they release battle bunny gragas , that is . 
  yeah sure . 
  fuck you btw, 
  thank god it was an aram game . 
  [ ehh ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3mfk626al1rv59tto1_400.gif ), 
  get raped [ ... ] enjoying the ride ? 
  aww shit yeah fed ap eve ult + dfg and trololo u dead, 
  wow free karma , thx guys, 
  i dont !, 
  thats the point, 
  i actually enjoy playing gp, 
  and cassio as a champ . . ehh i hate living in a small country ( 10million ), 
  could me more if the surrounding regions could join ( new zealand etc ), 
  meanwhile lets maintain negative attitude on the subject , it will surely help, 
  there is also no point of being all negative about it . 
  some people have a problem and `` you wont get an answer '' is not an answer . 
  you talk like you are speaking in the name of all australians . 
  see , one of them went as far as creating a thread here on reddit . 
  it got upvoted . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  lets buy rylais on a mage who has no single target spell and has a stun on any of his spells . . logical . 
  are you buying manamune on ezreal too ? 
  dig up your dictionary ( if you have one ) , the term is actually `` egoistic '' . 
  by the way . 
  you called me an idiot for expressing my point about people want a server . 
  how are you surprised with me calling you a moron ? 
  by the way . 
  i 'm on euw so i dont give a goddamn shit about your server . 
  i was just trying to be positive and you dont seem to understand that . 
  displaying your egoism once again thinking you have the only right answer . 
  quoting the qford english dictionary :, 
   the words egoism and egotism are frequently treated as interchangeable , [ ... ] egoism is a term used in ethics to mean ` a theory that treats self-interest as the foundation of moral behaviour, 
  speaking of what i wanted to express egoism is more appropiate . 
  ( and you can not know better what i want to express ) . 
  although i can agree about egotism is the more commonly used word though . 
  i wouldnt use rylais for just to lant my stun better lmao . 
  brand has a stun too but cassio doesnt , so rylais can be appropiate on her , especially that she has a spammable single target spell . 
  for brand though , i would go revolver --  raba after the core sorc +2 doran ( or dfg -  raba , dfg -  abyssal or abyssal -  raba ), 
  the love child of urgot and yorick . 
  manamune banshee bt lw frozen heart . 
  spam minor dmg , do major dmg with lings and be tanky . 
  ( only on solotop since mid needs to have carry-like dmg ), 
  edit : tiamat warwick dem ults . 
  turn aroung ganks with w+e, 
  slow in chase with q, 
  get objectives fast with q, 
  and thie itemization isnt so bad either . 
  zekes + aegis or stack mpen and max q. . 
  holy shit what the fuck , i have to try it lol, 
  and then buy a green pot and crit them for 500 !!, 
  chillout dnb mixes , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8mwkshehxk&amp;feature=bfa&amp;list=llqejg7cwvntg3nzhe_5um1w ) for example, 
  wat , i have 90 % of that in ma favourites , lol, 
  try getting wota for epic heal on baron/tanks and rylais for epic slows ( q is single target ), 
  no it wouldnt , people would abuse this system way too hard . 
  dont picked what we want ? 
  kick . 
  dont pick what role i want ? 
  kick . 
  honestly , a majority of the `` nice players '' are in fact trolls too, 
  that way , no one will ever learn new things if he doesnt want . 
  many times ppl flamed me for picking eve , and then adding me after the game because i went legaendary , saying sorry for thinking you are a troll . 
  the op would eliminate all this . 
  kicking someone from the game is , whatever happens , negative to the player , therefore it sould not be implemented . 
  tribunal is anonymous so its ok , but a kick . . no please . 
  i prefer to play my own champs in my own role . 
  and win . 
  except his e has an ad ratio , yea, 
  except if you take mundo with right runes , duh, 
  armor yellow , as red , spellvamp quints , blues are preference . 
  although armor yellow and as everything + vamp scepter start is pretty sustained, 
  i like to roleplay as gangplank . 
  once i dived their vlad at the second tower and escaped through their jungle but they kept chasing me . 
  i was at 200 hp at one point but managed to dodge all the ccs thrown at me . 
  i was at our second tower when they tried to 4man dive me while i flashed to our jungle . 
  i think i wrote something like ** `` gentlemen , you will remember this as the thay you almost caught captain gangplank !, 
  then i died to a ( support ) lux ult . 
  or mods who do their jobs, 
  what bothers me , is that mods dont listen to redditors about how they should moderate . 
  and cover everything with `` it shall be this way because its logical '', 
  no no no . 
  this is a community , please serve the majority . 
  no it is . 
  i have too much karma , people might think im a karmawhore , had to do it, 
  i never want to be kicked lol . 
  well , it wasnt my idea . 
  stonewall and diamondprox both used it , thought its good , lol, 
  [ cant be more badass than the pirate ] ( http://imgur.com/bqo6d ), 
  first of all i never have a day full of losses !, 
  after 2 or max . 
  3 losses in a row i take a break or even end it for that thay and do something else . 
  reddit engine can modify downvote/upvote count to confuse spambots . 
  basically if a post has more than a bunch of upvotes , there is a high possibility that not all of them are done by actual humans clicking the upvote button . 
  same with downvotes ofc, 
  idk man , just have to get lucky . 
  i think i played 6 arams in a row yesterday , not one with a single leaver anywhere . 
  planet of the apes reference at the end . . epic, 
  sooo 17 downvotes ? 
  atm,
