  so , i deserved it , but looking at the positive side of things it wasnt that bad , i felt like i improved . 
  but something always bothered me , something i couldnt get over of : the incredible about of psychological pressure others created on me with threatening to report . 
  dont get me wrong , i got reported for ksing , of course , and losing my lane , etc. 
  i trusted the tribunal on that , and that trust allowed me to stay normal when after 3 deaths `` report for feed '' became a common thing . 
  however , the tribunal case of my above-mentioned [ 2 week ban ] ( http://euw.leagueoflegends.com/tribunal/en/case/771474/ ) got me worrying . 
  as i said i probably deserved it just because of the first game behavior , but in the other games :, 
  2nd game i got reported for `` feed '' ( by not doing well on ad ezreal mid ), 
  3rd game i got reported for `` trolling '' ( playing ap yi in ranked ) by a guy who was intentionally feeding already . 
  4th game i got reported for `` flame '' for telling a varus he sucks ( he was giving up when he realized our mid is donig very bad . . in a plat4 game ), 
  5th game i got reported for `` feeding '' ( i was not doing well on jungle eve , got fbed by enemy mid during a level 2 counterjugnle attempt . 
  after that , my mid and his duo q mate released a shitstorm and started flaming everyone , but i kept my cool anyways ), 
  so these reports , i might have created a bad environment to my teammates , but never , ever by violating the summoners code . 
  i feel they are undeserved but since i was a bad guy anyway ( look at first game ) i thought `` okay , i 'll just be even nicer '' . 
  every time someone said `` report this '' i felt `` ok , i 'm just doing bad , nobody will punish me for feeding when i didnt do it '', 
  i was wrong . 
  2 days ago , i got permabanned . 
  i submitted a support ticket for my [ tribunal case ] ( http://euw.leagueoflegends.com/tribunal/en/case/880435/#nogo ) and sure enough , no flame , no feed ( i would remember it anyway ) , no violation of summoners code , nothing . 
  i asked if they reviewed my case personally , all i got was copy-paste text about how they wont lift my permaban . 
  i read a lot of things about the tribunal and how it works , etc. 
  but never believed the situation is so bad people trying to describe . 
  i heard that when people want to report you for feed and/or trolling then you dont have to worry if you really didnt do these `` sins '' , because the tribunal is a good sorting system . 
  then i heard people just hitting punish there ... 
  personally , i dont really think the tribunal is doing its job : ever since it has been introduced , toxic players feel justification to be toxic ( flaming someone for donig bad ) and they can report them . 
  i feel like it just adds another layer to the toxicity . 
  well . 
  the tribunal made me a better person , thats for sure , to the point i stopeed to flame anyone , and tried to teamplay etc. , but then why it banned me ? 
  and what about the others ? 
  does it make other people less toxic too ? 
  i feel that people just trying to blame someone else every time they feel bad about the game and reporting is a good way to release pressure from themselves . 
  that might not be a problem if anyone would take the time to accurately judge every single tribunal case . 
  just a recap of my permaban case :, 
  1st game : was playing ap shaco , got reported for being useless ( shaco falls off late game , was trying to splipush to offset that , got flamed for `` playing solo '' ), 
  2nd game : was playing support teemo , i really tried to play smart and decent but i got too much deaths and people already flamed me and said they report me for feed , and they did . . still i didnt do any flame or violation of the summoners code . 
  3rd game : was playing jungle fiora . 
  i did very poorly ( got behind because singed stole blue with poision , whatever ) , got reported ( and flamed to hell ) by a toxic duo q i met earlier in a previous game . 
  still , didnt lost my shit , didnt feed intentionally or flame . 
  just played badly . 
  4th game : was playing top kayle , winning my lane but our tf was losing to a panth , fed him 4 kills so he asked for laneswap , i agreed . 
  but i was doing bad against this fed panth , i died to him so i got reported for `` feeding '' . 
  5th game : was playing top teemo , was doing great . 
  lategame i took red because i wanted to peel for caitlyn since our zac couldnt do so , got reported for taking `` her red '' by said caitlyn . 
  so , i feel like , reports are flying everywhere for no reason , punishes are flying everywhere for no reason , and since i was banned perviously for good reasons it was just inevitable to get reported again ,, 
  ( even though i improved on my behaviour , the still-toxic part of the community didnt ), 
  do you guys think it is deserved , what shall i do ? 
  ** tl ; dr ** : got permabanned [ \\ ( case \\ ) ] ( http://euw.leagueoflegends.com/tribunal/en/case/880435/#nogo ) for literally nothing reportable , support refused to do anything , pls help . 
  i 'm playing fallout : new vegas for the 231231st time and i almost finished , so i 'm thinking some very unusual stuff about my next character . 
  i plan on collecting every . 
  single . 
  item . 
  in the game , literally . 
  obviously not including random stuff and replenishing items ( like gun runners ammo etc ) but all other items like all sunset sarsaparilla deputy badges , party hat , etc. 
  i have a few questions about that . 
  - anyone interested on following the progress ( and the end result ) through save files ? 
  - if so , on what points should i save ? 
  - also what type of character should i play ( dumb or smart , or just generic gunslinger , what would you like ? 
  i plan on a high int high str melee/unarmed `` tank '' type of character , with all the defensive perks ), 
  - where should i store all the accumulated stuff ? 
  ( i 'm thinking wolfhorn ranch until i get to big mt , i plan on playing that dlc at a later point of the game ), 
  - any other ideas ? 
  i mean in the mental sense : for example kids who had no/bad parents so they have to learn everything by themselves , social outcasts/drug addicts who find themselves 30 year old and still dont know how to act like a grown-up . 
  or natasha kampush kind of persons ... 
  i want to collect every single item in the game including bent tin cans . 
  the problem is , when i arrived to primm i already had 800 pounds which i had to dump to an abandoned safe in order to travel furtherr not encumbered . 
  do i have to fear these items will vanish ; where do i find storages for that ( i will need a lot ) , and do they have any weight/number limit ? 
  hi everyone . 
  as most of you i was excited for this , a little bit too much that back then when i created my profile i forgot to carefully explain myself . 
  i just wrote that i like league of legends and world of tanks . 
  now , i think at least 2 months later , my ss picked up my data . 
  i panicked and updated my profile because not only i got fed up and kinda hate lol now , but also my giftee isnt really having a great profile either and i dont really wan na disappoint . 
  soooo , since my ss picked up my data it might be too late , how can i let him know that i updated it with more about myself ? 
  do i have to worry that he/she only read my data once ? 
  ( unlike me who stalk all day every day . . ), 
  i have seen many players using ( the same ) scripted messages and i want to be one of them . 
  this must be some chat script i assmue , does anyone else know where i can find it ? 
  a chat log displayed would be also good . 
  hi , you dont know me but i want to share a story about what happened in our family this december . 
  we usually get some useful thing ( like watch , a book , or a knife ) for christmas but this summer my mom got fired and so our spendings had to be cut . 
  so at the start of december my dad told us we dont have money to buy something for everyone . 
  ( usually our parents not only buy presents for us but give money to us to buy little presents to each other and to our parents with my brothers ) . 
  i already had some spare money ( i wouldnt sign up for the secret santa if i hadnt ) and then i had an idea . 
  how about organizing our own family ss instead ? 
  our parents gave us the spare money they had , we ( me and my brothers ) set up a box with papers with everyones name in it , and bam . 
  no one has to buy presents for everyone else , everyone only buy 1 present so everyone gets something for christmas !, 
  my gift is going to be the ability to participate in in reddit ss ( coz , as it turned out , shipping to australia from hungary is much more expensive than i first thought ) , but i dont care . 
  giving was never this much fun !, 
  and i 'm gon na get something anyways ( if my ss finally picks up my data lol ), 
  i might be over enthusiastic because it is my first time doing these kind of things but i feel i am part of something very big now with this , thanks reddit . 
  . . that todays ( 21st ) `` winter surprise '' is exactly the same as the one that happened in 6th ? 
  is it a bug ? 
  or mistake ? 
  or is it just normal ? 
  doesnt seem like a `` surprise '' to me ... 
  i mean , with most nations ( i play the russian line and i 'm at t8 ) you can have nearly the same gun characteristics as the tier 10 one , and you get more xp if you damage tier 10 vehicles in a tier 8 arty . 
  from my perspective , upgrading from 8 to 10 means almost nothing in firepower , very little plus in armor and i will get tier 10 battles every time , which makes it difficult to do outstanding damage numbers ( for the tier ) and xp numbers . 
  can anyone convince me it 's worth to buy or even research the 212a and object 261 ? 
  hi there . 
  i recently got my first tier 10 , the wte100 , and i realized this is not the tank i can play forever . 
  it has extreme power yes , but has extreme drawbacks so it doesnt perform consistently . 
  i figured i would ask `` more veteran '' players : what are the tier 10s you are consistently using everywhere ? 
  pub games tc , cw , credit efficiency ( loses less credits i mean . . ) , joy factor ... and most importantly missions : what are the tanks you `` grind '' the missions on ?
