  but yeah 3 ppl are not so much l0l, 
  second life !, 
  ... wait ... 
  riot hide that data so lolking couldnt datamine it, 
  crit plank , i play him when i can against , for example , riven top and quickly outscale damagewise midgame . 
  1 parrley = alf of your hp ad then pray i dont have flash up !, 
  i also play him mid against most mages . 
  there were several quadras i got with him , but the mist hilarious thing was a triple kill , involving me having 2 tiamats , and a sona ult catching all 5 members of the enemy team ... :d, 
  chaox 's smurf carrying my ( drunk ) ass : http://www.own3d.tv/solomid/watch/337274, 
  200 + here , still not enough . 
  i had 5k games though, 
  you mean willump, 
  this is two separate thing we talk about . 
  and i can prove evidence . 
  like we didnt already know that these mods are doing their job poorly . 
  that is why i didnt post anything in this subreddit . . because the moderation is just insane . 
  basically they for the content to their will . . instead of serving the public . 
  meh , i guess you cant find dedicated people there , as not many grown-ups have the time , and even if they do , power makes many of us distorted ... 
  there are posts on the front page ( occasionally , about one every day ) that violate posting rules, 
  many posts that add to the discussion , gets moderated/deleted . 
  even from trustable people like tnomad . 
  3 . teemos on the front page , is this all you can do to show you are a mod ? 
  like , really ... that was like shouting out '' i am childish !!! '', 
  dissonances in moderating behaviour like allowing a screencap of `` zomg i played a game vs pendragon '' reach the front page , yet deleting posts like `` this is xy , trusted & loved member of the community 's real birthday , happy birthday to him '' . 
  spam filter ... 
  can i ask you about the parameters of that ? 
  because i prefer not to ask a mod every fucking time i post . 
  yeah sorry im retarded . 
  fisrt you asked what are you doing wrong . . not how you could do better . 
  but . 
  i have a suggestion :, 
   they tend to turn into circlejerks/hate spam threads [ ... ] so we remove them . 
  well maybe wait until they do . 
  okay ? 
  prevention is not your job . 
  mostly because if it 's someones intention to really wish happy birthday to someone worthy , he should have the right to do so . 
  if not , then its ridiculous he can not do that just because you think so . . its like killing all neonazis , if you know what i mean . 
  i know its a bad thing , but lets wait until it turns into circlejerk okay ? 
  i know its probably more work for you , but your reputation would increase . 
  anyways you arent preventing it anyways , as circlejerk posts are on the main page every day . 
  ( i dont get why arent you deleting them too , along with all the fanart post ... remember the singed skin post reaching 5k + upvotes ? 
  that totally belonged in / lolfanart ... ), 
  by the way can you give some insight about what `` tons of work '' you do behind the scenes ? 
  cuz form outside it looks like a few deleted threads and teemos everywhere . 
  edit : what the fuck should i do when you arent offline and some relevant post is stuck in the spam filter ? 
  wait half a day for my post just to show up ? 
  by the time its not even first page of / new . 
  and we all know if you want something get noticed there is only like a 6 hour time frame when you should post it ... 
  yeah i have that on bookmark and read that every fking time before i post , carefully . 
  strange ... 
   report or send us a message and we 'll handle it . 
  are you saying you dont see the fanart post ( currently around no . 
  3 on frontpage ) ? 
  how is that not against posting rules ? 
  i 'm reporting whenever i can . 
  but the report only contains a title of the thread ( i guess ) so you wont see the reason . . and you dont look like someone who can judge properly , to be honest . . this spam of inappropiate threads show that, 
  i do act like a redditor and , for myself i fucking downvoted that post . 
  to add do that i massively dislike dyrus as a person . 
  i just think removing it is ridiculous . 
  yes i mean travis ' happy bithday dyrus post . 
  how was that poisonous ? 
  you seriously think this explanation , which i read tens of times before ( almost excatly this ) , will satisfy ? 
  this is a subject we dont agree on . 
  and honestly . 
  telling the posters what their wiews should be , is not the moderators job . 
  you serve , dont command us . 
  ... by the same logic , why didnt the `` joe died '' posts got removed then ? 
  me too but i think its more like a concentration problem, 
  no ... thats my point !, 
  search for lolking in this subreddit , i wont do it for you, 
  this one wins, 
  same here, 
  no one can be more badass than malzahar, 
  yeah his q+e is like stfu !, 
  gtfo !, 
  gave me goosebumps , not gon na lie, 
  ftfy, 
  dead serious, 
  dont play ranked before you get the hang of every champion and won at least 400 normal games in sr. . premades doesnt count . 
  oh god . 
  clarity tp kassadin and yoyos banshee ashe still haunting me when i sleep . 
  and these were top rated guides, 
  i actually use rammus as a counterpick to irelia lol, 
  just dorans shield -  boots -  hog -  sunfire and farm problem is over . 
  and if you cant last hit early with autos , thats your problem, 
  i didnt saw mobafire about a year ago so it might have changed since , lol, 
  aaaaand corki has two legendary skins too , so why not ? 
  true :d, 
  though you cant buy toboggan anymore anyway, 
  hm probably he can go solotop then, 
  awwwwwwwww close, 
  i think its awesome . 
  opinios are opinions, 
  its a fucking typo for fucks sake ... 
  poe 's law , for fucks sake ... 
  i could have belong in this club for more then 4000 games , then i got an 1v5 penta :d, 
  enemy team throw their cc at baron . 
  then i charged in as a fed ap yi . 
  ( im not counting normals because you can get matched with monkeys , but here you go , anyways ; i 'm not pentavirgin in normals either : got one with old twitch , and one with postnerf , pre-rework eve . ), 
  fuck , man . .
