  finally , some actually funny content on / r/funny . 
  i waited more than 2 years for this . . 
  what the hell are you waiting for ? 
  well said . 
  thanks !, 
  what about mathwarrior ? 
  its only legendary is grommash and it doesnt really feel necessary imo . 
  i also got up to rank 17 with mage rush , but that deck lacked some higher damage monsters ( i didnt have azure drake/leeroy ) . 
  can that deck work too ? 
  thanks everyone for the answers . 
  f2p as a principle atm , but might throw in a few dollars in the future here and there if i find it worth it . 
  / r/lookatmygirlfriend /, 
  no , you misread it, 
  i got an i5 4440 cpu and a sapphire r9 270 , game runs about 50-60 fps on max settings . 
  i dont think you need another cpu . 
  probably not, 
  or you can team up with someone who only wants what you dont , and split the price, 
  and then you get permabanned for playing ezreal mid , or missing a taric stun, 
  edit : some serious grammar nazism there . 
  allright time to peace out of this cancerous community, 
  you cant be serious ... 
  you can misclick it to a minion near the enemy ? 
  read other reply, 
  who talked about me ? 
  take a loook at my username and research a bit , then . 
  ye , still not permaban worth , though ? 
  nah , people report everyone for everything . . 
  you should not buy 2 lifesteal items as they serve similar purposes . 
  if you go tiamat , then you can increase the lifesteal effect by simply stacking more ad , so bork is kind of a waste , at least in the lifesteal department ( because it gives less ad than other choices like scimitar for example ) . 
  it is better to have each item serve a different purpose so you are more versatile . 
  except if you can make the itemstacking work , but stacking lifesteal is dangerous because your damage will be lower and you are basically forced into a bruiser-like role like warwick ), 
  think about a lategame perspective . 
  before the game starts , plan out your lategame build and then aim for that . 
  tiamat is core , so is boots , last whisper , and some defensive item ( preferably ga as it is the most universal one , but this is heavily dependant on the enemy team , banshee is another good candidate and so is randuins ) . 
  that leaves you with basically 2 empty spots which you can use to transition , snowball and eventually a lategame item . 
  for example after tiamat you can buy a brutalizer and after the 4th item you can upgrade it to cleaver or yoyos depending on what you need . 
  or you can buy a bf sword and if you feel you are autoattacking a lot you can upgrade it to ie . 
  personally i like to build triforce + ie as i probably gon na need some speed boost , q procs sheen nicely , and i dont want to ditch homeguard for furor . 
  triforce + ie also sets me up nicely to sell boots for a pd or zephyr superlategame . 
  ( this build only has lw as armor pen item , you can stack it with cleaver and yoyos , but i chose to run arpen reds and go for damage instead ), 
  sorry , but given her w adds a lot of damage , the bonus passive on hit of bork almost never worth the 60 ad loss compared to high-end ad items because having bork lowers the skills ' damage too . 
  only exception i can imagine is if you stack armor pen with it versus a tank that stacks health and not much armor ( sion , volibear mundo etc. 
  but not rammus ) , and even then you would have less damage vs their carries . 
  let the bruisers kill the tanks , itemize to oneshot carries in teamfight . 
  not really if you understand the differences to t-34 and you can make it work . 
  type t34 starts to have the distinctive feature of chinese meds : exceptional turret armor . 
  so , although it sounds weird already , try go hulldown with type t-34 and see what happens . 
  i will ban amporilla every . 
  single . 
  game . 
  also base set units should never be banned because it would lead to bullshit like a drone or engineer ban , or ban tarsier so amporilla is useless = 2 ban in one ( same with fabricator + gauss cannon ), 
  yes thats what i mean, 
  or fischer . . 
  dunno , kasparov seemed like a nice guy to me . 
  perhaps you mean karpov ? 
  yeah , just scratch that part . 
  it makes no sense now that i read it back, 
  i pretty much live on ramen so . . can confirm, 
  if you research the is-2 , you get the top gun on t34-1 since that is the stock gun of is2 . 
  i love my ltp and m3 light . 
  one daily double and bam , 6k wn8 easy as fuck . 
  ltp has nice frontal armor , can bounce a lot of machineguns like pz . 
  1c or lower . 
  it 's really good in tier 3 games if you can angle it . 
  not against tier 4s and tds though ... 
  you got nothing on [ anfield ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjhc27-ogk4 ), 
  ye , i looked after that after i posted - . - weird , i recall playing it like a t-34-1, 
  that implies i snowball hard in lane , i forgot to mention . 
  what an egoist thing to say that, 
  exactly , drone also adds a potential defender + material for things like forcefield tho . 
  0 golden cards ? 
  surely you have at least arcane intellect gilded ? 
  jesus fuck you are one stubborn motherfucker, 
  that is what im saying, 
  give +50 m wiewrange to su-85, 
  or penetration buff to the 7.62 mm mauser, 
  there is a maximum spotting distance , so depending on your crew , after a set wiewrange , additional range is just negating camo of the enemy , not spotting at higher distances . 
  and if the enemy is spotted anyways ( not enough camo , like heavies ) then there is nothing to add more range for . 
  that looks like a 4 man soviet crew . 
  what does he use it on , 122-44 ? 
  it 's a normal reaction of the brain to answer things that hurt you with violence and hate . 
  you have to have some intelligence to get over it , and lets just say not everyone does have that level, 
  haha , i use my 85b crew in my 122-44 ( even though i got isu researched , but that crew got retrained to meds ), 
  after a while on the internet , nothing can surprise you ... 
  useful link , thanks !, 
  when in doubt , always go for the kv-2 . 
  most fun tank ever . 
  i disagree , tier 5s can get thru your side with ease . 
  more like shit loads of hp though . 
  not for me ... 
  maybe 3 guys 1 hammer was . 
  i wonder if that works on eu , and are there any teams that usually do skirmishes ? 
  i am happily killing a red teammate if that results in getting off 1k + damage . 
  not so much for 100-200 though, 
  no , it only procs each 2 secs . 
  if you time it well it does , but dont count on it . 
  ulti procs it as well as any other spell , so if you put it correctly you can have quite a few sheen procs in a duel, 
  maybe he needed credits, 
  or , so to say , a console feel, 
  he really loves statpadding * ftfy,
