  or the tier 5 heavy vk 3001 . 
  actually , with an autoloading 8.8 it would work imo, 
  * ahem *, 
  eve 's 2 passives - one of them is really bad ( the invisibility ) compared to other ones like brand 's for example ; the trick is always : think about a situation where it 's advantageous and steer the game in a direction where you can abuse that . 
  for aram , that might be just some over-the-top retardation like stay invisible until they destroy a tower and then surprise them with a level 6 play `` bitch im not afk ! ', 
  sure it 's not as good as brand 's still , but you are n't an lcs player are you ? 
  find the fun in the game and if you dont find any , make it yourself . 
  for me , the most fun is shitting on midlaners with full ap 420blazeit burst eve . 
  often times i dont go for objectives because its more fun for me chasing kills . 
  all in all you should try having a different approach to eve in aram . 
  as for the second passive ( the mana regen ) it can be useful - most of the champs have mana problems in aram - eve doesnt, 
  good tipe except you never run precision runes . 
  ad reds , armor yellows and ap on everything else . 
  there is only one rune page for eve . 
  yeah sure , you can run whatever rune page you want , i 'm just saying that there is an optimum . 
  all the other rune pages are worse on jungle clears, 
  anus, 
  the answer is always anus, 
  which tier 10 td gold ammo does 2k dmg from 1 kilometers ? 
  to a heavy 's engine deck ? 
  doesnt matter the probability due to the high number of occurrences . 
  almost all tier 10 games have arty and heavies . 
  you are thinking of kazakhstan then not russia, 
  yeah the bishop is way better for the same job, 
  doesnt matter it can assrape anything from 450m, 
  you are one in a million players ... 
  also when it got province the game just got 1000 % more glorious, 
  just like my dick, 
  the amx 15 am and the bishop are both better than the lefh ( i have threemarked all of them ), 
  skorpiion g. already played the e25 so much i think the skorp would be my style . 
  the amx can . 
  well duh , of course i spam apcr , in the amx . 
  i like samurayi, 
  i like it :d, 
  i got my inspiration fot the name after sorakabot the original eve abuser player back in season 1 . 
  perhaps you have someone to look up to as a player ? 
  maybe a famous eve player like clearlove, 
  test, 
  not working, 
  ayyyyyy, 
  because you are 14, 
  inside i mean, 
  can confirm , staedler or whatever its spelled ( along with koh-i-noor ) is the best eraser brand . 
  used only those 2 for 25 + years, 
  but you arent , right ? 
  coz you arent on reddit right ? 
  thats a meme i havent seen for a long time, 
  except about 30 % of this sub, 
  i like how there is a gold player in this montage . 
  you know it 's not gon na be a great outplay but its still flashy nonetheless . 
  great way for all of the mains to feel included . 
  hey man , i think you need to recalibrate your sarcasm detector, 
  i would love a 144 mm gun on that tank, 
  they both have the same dispersion so you need to do the same playstyle with both of those guns . 
  and one of them has like 3x the burst damage . 
  on a burst tank . 
  yum :d, 
  you lost your bia then, 
  lol, 
  technically ro is before ep4 sooo ... 
  like i dont know ? 
  woosh . 
  it was still a joke technically :d, 
  aaany it 's in a bundle with things i definitely dont need/cant afford . 
  fuck my ass ... 
  you mean matilda time ayyyyy, 
  whoops , didnt notice . 
  still a bit short on that as well : =, 
  guess im gon na have to rely on my e25 to farm 6k damage one day :d, 
  ye , about 40 minutes into the game whereas ap eve would be like 15/4 by then, 
  about domestic cuisine , i personally prefer goose liver . 
  with some potato and bacon mmmmmm ... guly\u00e1s ( goulash ... sigh ) is pretty yummy as well . 
  on the street you may find kiosks ( or how do they called ) for `` l\u00e1ngos '' or `` t\u00f3csni '' they are sold pretty much like hotdogs in the us but they are nothing like hotdogs . 
  those are also worth a try . 
  if i play vs retards then i 'm 25/1 . 
  and the game is only not over beause my team also retarded or something . 
  a normal eve game would end way before your listed items could take meaningful effect - eve is a snowball champion . 
  if you want to buy defensive items on eve , try those that give flat damage bonus on some flat defensive stats - for example deadmans plate or iceborn, 
  aaand fuck my ass . . 
  well i dont play vs equally skilled opponents to say the least :d, 
  evelynn menstruates in a circle which somehow gives her strength and the enemy weakness . 
  bdsm goddess impaing everyone with spikes - of her imagination, 
  maybe take it as a challenge , like me . 
  i like challenges . 
  i like my depression !, 
  it forces me to do things , and i 'm lazy so it helps a lot . 
  not world of tanks that is for sure lmao, 
  if it doesnt give either 100 ap or 20 cdr , or a bursty passive , i dont buy it . 
  eve is the burst queen yo, 
  eve : has heels already . 
  no need for boots . 
  fashion sense, 
  dude look at the splasharts , league is full of fetish . 
  i mean . . look at mine, 
  you know what im gon na ask ... 
  source ? 
  merry christmas mike !, 
  cheers from hungary < 3, 
  effeminate ? 
  lots of eve cheese :,
