  then i focus on grinding one single tank , mainly because i like to spend premium consumables and ammo to spped the grind up . 
  currently its the is . 
  one game in a prem tank then 3 games in the is is my routine , it works well since the e25 is my workhorse : its stress relief , crew trainer and credit earner . 
  all in one :d, 
  serves them right for aiming there, 
  thing is , i dont think the tank i need is a heavy tank . 
  i 'm thinking more of a medium . 
   you want a tank that has armour , gun depression , speed , dpm and camo rating ? 
   armour, 
  not really , just some armor that i can use to some extent . 
  like the t57 heavy . 
  it has some frontal armor but even a tier 4 can pen its side . 
  not really , just a tiiiiiny bit more than the is . 
   speed, 
  just neough to get the position i need , so i dont get cockblocked by hellcat/batchat/t62a / elc . 
   camo, 
  just enough so i dont get spotted before i could spot back . 
  i would say the thing i am sure i need , is dpm . 
  thanks , will definitely consider it . . right after i acquire some spendable money :d, 
  thanks , great input . 
  does it have as good ramming as the e-50 ? 
  even though the 2g looks good on paper the 38t 's solidity beats it . 
  2g has too much reload , slow , relatively no armor , no wiew range to snipe , and the gun 's accuracy pretty muhc means you have to get close anyways . 
  in that case you want speed . 
  38t has decent pen , camo and wiew range . 
  i think he is fun to read . 
  am i guilty ? 
  there was a thread once when i explained how no one has moral right to tk and i got downvoted ( and bmed ) so hard i thought maybe they do . 
  then , after countless bans i realize i was right in the first place ... 
  except the elc never gets matched with those . 
  vents are for every vehicle that has closed interior . 
  meaning you cant get vents for a hellcat or a su-14-1 , but you can get vents to fv304 or object 261, 
  xp users will not be able to install comms thus not be able to redeem the codes . 
  people with computers nove even be able to run vista/7, 
   you were wrong . 
   you ca n't tell me what 's right or wrong based on my morals . 
  whoops , meant the 212a . 
  you sound like an elitist piece of shit . 
  you can uninstall after you get the codes lol, 
  you are still an elitist though, 
   being wrong as in `` i do n't feel that you should behave in such a way . '', 
  others being wrong is one thing , when you feel like they shouldnt behave that way ( regardless of whether they are right or not ) is another thing . 
  where i live , we dont say `` you 're wrong '' to people who shouldnt behave like they do because that sounds condescending - and wrong in itself . 
  i think the term `` you 're wrong '' has a bit more weight than you would think . 
  if you tell me i am wrong that implies i should change . 
  but you arent going to tell me that if someone tks me for fail platooning ( with still keeping game sense in mind ) he is right . 
  the game i got my alecto ace tanker on , was a tier 7 ( !! ), 
  game in malinovka where i tooned with 2 togs and i ended up having twice the amount of xp than any other teammate ( i played as a scout ) . 
  imagine what would happen if someone felt like he is entitled to tk me just beause he doesnt feel like playing with someone unusual . 
  in my understanding , and i think that is the right approach , `` being wrong '' has only one meaning therefore your above comment doesnt make any sense . 
  please , dont reply to this post . 
  i sense you want to convince me to change my opinion/approach , but that wont happen . 
  exactly , and as i found out it works the same with tracking . 
  even more : when you blindshot someone and only take his track then another guy blindshoots him and kills him you get the tracking damage . 
  technically that piece is about how pedophilia is ok ( juliet wasnt 18 ), 
  no , because i dont ? 
  will do a giveaway ( to pay it forward ) as soon as i get some money , if i win . 
  i think it might be a cool new idea . 
  thanks for doing this . 
  rng was good to him . 
  too good . 
  it 's gold per team . 
  they probably have to split it to many people . 
  they are slow, 
  awww its na . . 
  meh , pz1c meets tier 5 , where it can meet kv1 and at2 , cant pen those either . 
  condescending and rudeness doesnt pay off just saying . 
  just toon in with a tier 4 tank lol, 
  you are a massive dick but this time i agree with you . 
  just dont expose yourself to arty . 
  tada , no problem . 
  i understand how you feel . 
  someone was an ass so you feel entitled to be an ass with him because he deseves it . 
  you 'll grow out of it someday . 
  you have to , because too much of this can poison your mind . . 
  . . or not . 
  whatever . 
  it 's just a bad attitude . 
  ( that sounded condescending huh ? ), 
  it just happens that i have something to comment on your comments , thats all . 
  nothing personal . 
  to be even more meta : there is a difference between us . 
  i 'm a condescending dick because you are a condescending dick ( and currently i know no other way ) , but you are a condescending dick because . . hell i dont know but surely not for the betterment of others lol, 
  at least i realize it doesnt lead anywhere, 
  not so mighty that everyone knows that tier 3 guns can pen its turret lol, 
  thats nice :d 15k a day is piece of cake , even without prem, 
   due to a lack of good content on this subreddit, 
   just wanted to start an open discussion ** amongst blues and purples **, 
  while i agree with you and encourage you to do more , these above statements sound a bit too elitist for tha larger part of this subreddit 's subscribers , namely , the onesa arent blue or purple . 
  in order to not get raped by downvotes or negative comments i recommend composing your future posts with a bit more `` care '' . 
  sturer is definitely less powered than any other tanks in the line but i wouldnt say it 's bad . 
  i think it just needs a little bit different playstyle then the two ( most op tanks in the line ) it resides between : the nashorn and the borsig . 
  hulldown , as in using the shole hill as cover and peek out once in a while to unleash 490 ponts od damage is pretty nice . 
  i 'd take the jagdpanther over it anyday though . 
  bad troll is bad, 
  type 58 then ? 
  or su-85 ? 
  sion permastuns you . 
  reminds me of old hate spike lol, 
  i have that line there , still freezing . .
