  the true reason elo hell exists is that people like you cant stop arguing and ragequiting . 
  people learn to use the ignore button !, 
  you got a point . 
  but really , neither banshee or roa is good on ahri , and she 's got some early sustain with passive , so i would go for a quick tear + revolver on him , instead of doranstacking . 
  that is more glass cannon however , so i guess giant belt must follow . 
  rylais on ahri is soo good anyway ... 
  however , if you cant limit your spam than 2-3 dorans then rushing rylais is better , then forgetting aas . 
  but that means you limit your lategame ap to circa 500 , which is umm kinda bad on a spammy champ that can fill tear so quick . 
  ( btw , just tested it , and just got full tear in midgame ( about 30 mins ) ), 
  guess it 's situational . 
  doesnt fit into all of the builds . 
  rabadons is a must on all ap , so we got 4 spot left . 
  most mages build void staff as a must , 3 spot left . 
  some mages really need rylais , 2 spot left . 
  and i didnt speak about rod of ages and archangels . 
  you either end up sacrificing survival , penetration , utility or flat ap for that 60 sec cd nuke . 
  not to mention that you dont really need that cdr . 
  if you wear blue all time and you built 9/0/21 thats maxed . 
  ( maybe with runes + elixir ), 
  and if you desperately need cdr than better have ionian boots . 
  you are going to build voidstaff anyway . 
  edit : maybe with shorter cd ... 
  one word :, 
  empire !!!, 
  full armor rune page :d, 
  which heroes , you mean in soloq ? 
  morgana , kassadin , sion , akali , vayne , karthus , gangplank , tryndamere in ranked . 
  normal games , especially before level 30 , can be dominated with any char . 
  i used to stomp with evelynn and twitch . 
  like not playing ? 
  yeah credit goes to dyrus :d, 
  rude :d, 
  that is a very good buff to many mages now :d too bad they rarely got red right ? 
  and what is stonewall , an oracle ? 
  a god ? 
  no offense , but dont believe anyone , have your own thoughts . 
  i learned alphabet when i was 3 and i could handwrite at my 4th birthday ... 
  thank you for your opinion , it 's really appreciated . 
  i learn from all my mistakes . 
  sorry if i made a mistake . 
  now go fuck yourself . 
  never give up . 
  i always were on about 1100 elo , and recently dropped to 980 . 
  however i managed to win 10 games in a row somehow today :d, 
  now im 1170 , looking forward, 
  try out yourself , imo it 's a question of personal stlye . 
  for example , everyone told me vayne is one of the best ad carries , yet i suck hard with her , no matter the teamcomp , build or runes . 
  i just cant handle the playstyle . 
  i know , thats exactly what i said l0l, 
  siht im bad at grammar, 
  maybe this game is not for you , it can happen . 
  but seriously , if you lose 2 ranked in a row , take a break . 
  helps a lot . 
  o , just pointing out that is possible and not hard to do, 
  did you just faceroll your enemies on lower elo until you won or you actually did efforts to counter their playstlye , even if it 's totally not the meta ? 
  i mean , what you do when you are solotop akali and enemy locks in yorick + riven toplane ? 
  thx for answer , 
  related !, 
  argument : no cc . 
  skill shot taunt is the easiest thing to dodge . 
  you may mention that banshee is useless against her ( too many spells hitting you ) but really , l2p if you got facerolled by a champ that has lower damage than a katarina . 
  i guess he ran 0/21/9 for defense and mana in jungle . . maybe standard flat armor yellows , ad quints , 10 armor pen reds , rest maybe flat ad too . . and i guess blues are standard mres/lvl . 
  why are you so curious about what you did wrong if you are going to quit anyway ? 
  seems like you just raging over yourself which is bad . 
  be a man : either quit without thinking ( and telling everyone ) , or think ybout your mistakes and get better . 
  i 'm a fucking tryhard , i had 600 games in elo hell and still never tthought of leaving , because i learn from every mistake , perhaps slowly . 
  fyi my worst mistake was to actually queue after 3 pm . 
  her mobility is not on 70 second cooldown , so i do n't think so , and she has better defense with w , however her damage is easily negated by smart play , yes . 
  so does ahri . 
  for me , ahri is just akali 2.0, 
  well jungle tf maybe bad because of the aforementioned reasons , but what about roaming tf ? 
  or is roam out of meta now ? 
  okay here is another advice :, 
  never blame yourself, 
  even if you are right it hurts your ego which means it lowes your morale = lowers your winning potential . 
  simple psychology :d, 
  basically , never rage over anything , rage is never good . 
  ( also , dont blame others for the same reason ), 
  fuck , this bug again ? 
  i thought they fixed it like 3 months ago lol, 
  what a surprise , guess who is playing the finals :d, 
  if you cant get ganks play galio . 
  tanky enough her spells wont even tickle you . 
  get some hp though for the true dmg ... 
  you are right , i think there is a misunderstanding af the word `` blame '' on my part , in my language the exact translation has some other meanings too :(, 
  i just wanted to mention that the selfhurting part of blame should be minimized ( hope you understand ), 
  boy ? 
  what boy ? 
  yes  i sensed a bit of um ... self depression in the original post . 
  smoke weed, 
  lol, 
  both are good mejai stackers :d, 
  lol so you care about normal games ? 
  so many jukes could be written here ... 
  i 've seen chaox flashing in under the second mid turret to autoatttack for a firstblood . 
  before blue even spawned , and their team including the jungler was very near , yet he managed to get out nearly unharmed . 
  that was the moment that told me i have waaaaaaaaaay much to learn . 
  melee ad carry ? 
  there is only 1 melee ad carry in this game , as far as i know ... 
  can you explain why exactly ?
