  items to avoid :, 
  rylais ( flat hp doesnt scale well with shield and you dont need slow ), 
  any cdr item except dfg . 
  if you need mres buy a negatron and still get dfg . 
  dont need athenes or morellos, 
  you dont need sustain on a burst mage . 
  q is only for chasing 1 hp suckers . 
  eve ad ratios are not bad but gunblade is shit because she wont be autoattacking ever . 
  its like gunblade on karthus, 
  that , and the insane sustain he got . 
  early mpen build wreck eve so much, 
  you are talkin about a situation that would never occur . 
  eve is all about pushig then ganking , i 'm talking about a teamfight situation . 
  yes of course i know eve doest do jackshit against malz in an 1v1 . . just like 60 % of the champion pool, 
  so . . librarians ? 
  i dont know how did you speak with genja , i think he doesnt even understand english lol, 
  my mistake then , sorry , 
  i encourage you to subscribe to the sfw porn network ... so much eye candy ( for example / r/earthporn has landscapes , / r/architectureporn has buildings etc ), 
  honestly , after 3000 + ranked games i have to agree . 
  nothing wins more than picking just op shit and rape teamfights . 
  a good sona support + eve can 2v5 . 
  a good vlad + eve can 2v5 . 
  a good vlad + midraka can 2v5, 
  darius , ap yi can 1v5, 
  amumu + yi can 2v5, 
  etc. . 
  i would sooo not mute them . 
  ragers are 1000 % funnier when there is voice proof that they are 12 years old ... :d, 
  ye , actually i got only positive experiences as well . 
  one game we got 4 random ppl in ts , they all fed hard including me . 
  i was 0/10/0 yi but no one raged at me because everyone was busy yelling `` darius goign top , care '' which created a frindly and focused environment . 
  at the end coordination led us to victory even though we were down by at least 30 kills . 
  i think they should only make it so that they scale with heimers hp like yorick ghouls . 
  or take resists scaling with heimers resist or ap . 
  yeah just like the sivir `` remake '' which was basically nothing else than a new passive and w nerf, 
  yeah well sion may be the only champ to beat yi in 1v1 . 
  honestly yi carries so hard , he does more damage than a trynd when fed , and more reliable . 
  ( no crit just damage , has gap closer and sticking power , can dodge skillshots easy , has a `` fuck no '' w button against nukes ... 
  meanwhile all ad sion has , is his ulti , and a w that takes as much times to farm as a nasus q lol . 
  i think sion needs way more rework than yi, 
  shredder teemo is all about midgame imo . 
  he falls off endgame hard . 
  i think ap teemo is more in need of a huge nerf though , the e buff was too much lol, 
  as someone pointed out his ranged harass combo ( q + aa ) has an 1.4 ratio ( 1 +0.4 ) which is higher than kassadins , lol, 
  on a decent level . 
  and one in a perfect level which you should call for . 
  ref : see awesomefusion 's video about it, 
  edit : found it http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrx0igozn1w, 
  jun gle should never keep up witho other lanes , your job as a jungler to keep your laners up with the enemy , help them gain advantage while buying extremely cost efficient items ( shurelyas randuins for example , can differ with champ ), 
  10/10 would lmfao again, 
  though only for themed skind beyond legendary , as it were too much for 975 rp imo, 
  exactly 10000 people play it . . sure, 
  i smell `` upvote bot '', 
  what the fuck is all this draven fetish really ? 
  yet they say honor whoring is reportable . . double standards much, 
  also , if i jungle and snowball top with ganks and that teemo eventually goes 15/3 who gets the badge ? 
  him . 
  the ho ribbon doesnt really tell much . 
  it 's like if you dont have the ribbon you either suck hard or dont play a lot . 
  spend 400 gold to see anything , great :d, 
  buuuuuuuuuuuuuurn, 
  i wouldnt buy lichbane on ap teemo , would make him squishy, 
  imo , he needs exactly this build ( in no particular order ) dfg , raba , void , abyssal , zhonyas/ga . 
  google is your friend son . 
  because you are trading it for abyssal , duh . 
  looks a bit like sigourney weaver , at least the same character , in my eyes . 
  looks like she can defend her loved ones with anything at any costs . 
  lol :d, 
  i thought it is common knowledge to recognize such a unique painter . 
  guess i was wrong . 
  ( though i have an excuse as i 'm a longtime mucha enthusiast ), 
  and panth . 
  and olaf, 
  fuckit im buying it on ad carries too , lol, 
  definitely , especially with mana hungry champs like ezreal, 
  i still blame sorakabot . . 
  i said ad carries . 
  malzahar is an ad carry !!!!, 
  so is gangplank . 
  at least in my hands :d, 
  i thought that was the factual error op intended to point out . . 
  guess i 'm too young ( 25 ) to remember 1.2 mb floppies lol, 
  i think it has some torchlight2 flavor as well . 
  no . . on fucking singed, 
  reveals steath ... 
  [ look what is between her eyes ] ( http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110301204919/leagueoflegends/images/5/5b/evelynnsquare.png ), 
  i got my first own computer in 2000 . . 
  which is truely deserved . 
  thanks , 
   my other songs were well-received , so i decided to keep going . 
  this sounds like `` i got a shitload of karma last time and i want more '', 
  no offense . 
  and morellos suck to be honest, 
  you mean in your country ? 
  i learned about mucha in general highschool so i assumed everyone did . . guess i was wrong . 
  i dont know . . i feel like its whoring . 
  guess the problem is in me . 
  damn my self trust just jumped below -9000, 
  i like it . . 
  i lost games where i scored two !!!,
