  ( on an alt account ), 
  i cant imagine how ridiculously broken this tank would be if i had a good crew with bia ( and money to spend on apcr ), 
  low gun arc for sure , feels like a 261 , but man 223 pen on tier 5 is ridiculous . 
  and with that accuracy , rngesus save tier 7 heavies if i find a good spot to fire at them ( arctic region lower spwan for example , is practically auto win ), 
  also , m3 lee . 
  grinded out the m4 and the t1 heavy in one sitting , 19 games ( x3 xp referral platoon bonus ) , ~ 4k avg wn8 up from a stock tank 75 % crew . 
  not really , if you think about it the m5a1 plays a lot like a stock t67 : same hp , same mm , same speed , better turret traverse , better wiewrange . 
  only the gun is a little bit inferior in regards of pen, 
  yeah , ever felt like you can take on tier 9 tanks in your kv2 ? 
  that you only needed to relocate in their anuses for that ? 
  well there you go , t49 is your tank !, 
  you might wan na press 2 enters between rows . 
  what kind of crew do you have ? 
  i detect a terminally low amount of apcr, 
  perhaps you should try choosing a name that has positive meaning to you , or maybe a name that carries a meaning that shows the way to you as some sort of guide . 
  for example i consider myself kinda lazy so if i were ever choose myself another name it would be something along the lines of `` dilio '' ( to always remind me to be diligent ), 
  very beautiful eyes . 
  oh geez can you retards at least leave this subreddit please ? 
  gold ammo generally has faster shell travel time so it is easier to hit movign targets with it . 
  absolutely not , it will consume your life . 
  dunno , i never shoot heat :(, 
  casual racism is best racism . 
  lmao alienware gives those away btw http://eu.alienwarearena.com/giveaways/the-world-of-tanks-invite-code-key-giveaway-for-new-players, 
   is6 ' s sidescraping ability, 
  yeah , against people who cant shoot . 
  turret armor is shit , and the angled corner plate is easy pen . 
   while youre loading , youre invulnerable, 
  so is every single tank if you go to cover ? 
  i dont see how that is relevant, 
  whoah , i love how you saw my username , had your usual hate-boner , googled reliable is6 guides , searched for the first sign of me being wrong , then dismissed the rest of the articles stating that the is6 indeed has the weakspots stated in the video i linked ... 
  quote from the garbad article :, 
   the is-6 has a few relevant weak points , including : the ass of the tank , the driver 's hatch , the `` shoulders , '' the roof ( against other 120mm + ap/apcr guns ) , and the sides of the mantlet . 
  but each of these is relatively small , hard to hit , and still moderately hard . 
  for the most part , its best to just ignore these few weak points and focus on good angling . 
  so the weakspots is small = people who know where to shoot can pen you . 
  i only reply for others so they can see what i meant in my original comment , not arguing with you . 
  its pointless , and you are too ignorant for that anyways, 
  thing is , most tanks you will face ( heavy tanks and tds of the same tier and above ) have more pen than that . 
  ah , the 50 consecutive hell baals just for a half level of xp :d, 
  but dat feel when you soloed ubers . . totally worth it, 
  fucking sulik and his smg , at least it was an `` upgrade '' from ian ... 
  he just said what . 
  in latin . 
  not in 1.11 b. 
  plus cowruns were hareder to organize . 
  baals were just easy , there was always a baalrun open . 
  i prefered it over baals because there was less idle time . 
  i dunno they are hardcore enough for that , but no offense i think tactics is waay better than the community or even the press shows it to be . 
  i enjoyed it just as much as fo2 . 
  only thing it lacked is replay value imo, 
  whoops , i almost answered . 
  just please , ignore me . 
  it will be better for both of us . 
  i got to level 99 full legit , 
  gg , but read the side bar pls . 
  lol, 
  especially when a 2k dust face hunter deck shits on most of the decks anyways, 
  yup , and both 1.10 and 1.11 were major patches, 
  edit : well lod of course . 
  it was quite fun after it , just different , 
  yeah actually , and now that i talk about it i remember how i enjoyed the pre-lod stuff too . 
  my heart is in the cb smiter though , my only 99 , 
  i didnt do pvp at all tho , i made it to combat ubers , 
  didnt like pvp at all , i mean the concept . 
  besides , at around level 85 or so i got a weapon for free from someone , uniq pala scepter with 2 socketer ber . 
  he told me to build a cb smiter from it so it kinda went that way , 
  all the way over him ? 
  ca n't you just put on a very high , say , 10 minute delay ? 
  it 's just a symbolized tank i think, 
  psa : most people on reddit know that . 
  you wish you were talking to everyone , 
  my steam id is wakka_bot, 
  i 'd like witcher 3, 
  thanks !, 
  and apparely the whole companions ', 
  me too . 
  i remember arriving the city at 8 pm and leaving at 2 pm the next day . 
  i didnt sleep , and didnt take any bus . 
  just walked . 
  such a beautiful city, 
  you are playing a `` filler tank '' , a tank that is only ther on the tech tree because wg couldnt put anything else , and they needed ppl to spend gold to freexp over that thing anyways . 
  my best advice is , never spend free xp on tanks except very shitty grinds like the amx 38 and amx 40 . 
  was the 12t the turning point or did you just lost your patience because the amx38-40 grind took your soul ? 
  just asking because the 12t is much better tank ( and a better grind ) than the 38-40 . 
  i found the 12 pretty okayish . 
  you have to accept any gift at the gift shop first to appear on your account . 
  no , i just dont like to spoil the content of the picture by the url so i chose a random one, 
  ah right , without 6th sense and a full camo crew it sucks yeah . 
  then again you have to grind it up somewhere right ? 
  12t is the lowest tier 3-man french light so i would suggest keeping it until you get a 6th sense on the commander then move on . 
  you can even play tier 6 strongholds with it , if you choose to join a clan ( as a member or a legionnaire , you dont have to be a clanmember to play strongholds but it is advised , and there are a lot of social clans around ), 
  i really donth think you should mover the cdc crew over to anything but a medium except if you have gold to retrain . 
  when you retrain crews to other tanks they lose some xp and that amount is much bigger if you retrain to a different class . 
  playstyle of the 416 is different from a regular medium though . 
  its more like an opportunistic td . 
  it cant flex like another med could , due to limitations . 
  in that case , its a good idea . 
  just if you like the cdc . 
  you are training a light tank crew on a medium tank with different playstyle , so some crew skills might be different so you will have to waste another 200g per crew member to drop the skills and retrain them to light tank skills . 
  ( camo is not really important in the cdc but vital for the lights ),
