  fuck , serves me right for living in middle-eastern europe , not only im poor i 'm never up in time for these  . <, 
  i like this photo very much . 
  there is a well-respected photographer in my town ( she lives by it , its her passion as far as i saw ) who says that the most difficult part of photography is buildings . 
  so every time i see a good photograph of a building it reminds me of her . 
  great work . 
  in my experience ( one of my mains is gp ) lizard doesnt really worth it on gp . 
  it is a midtier item so its only worth buying if it doesnt hold back your chances of having a decent middlegame , for example if it provides as much damage as a high.tier item so it doesnt hurt you when you sell it for 6th item superlategame . 
  and it doesnt . 
  ult procs it yes , but the damage only really worth it if you could have a 1-2sec cd spell like evelynn has , to reapply the dot , yes you have autos , but with the burst items you have ( shiv gauntlet hydra ) you are better off having a bf sword instead . 
  the dot it provides doesnt worth the price anymore , only for early game niche , to snowball with , but it s very risky because it falls off lategame so much . 
  in my experiance if you want to snowball early game with gp , sheen + brutalizer is much , much better . 
  yu can hold on for bruta till you sell it for lw . 
  this is for critplank/adplank . 
  if you want a safer , more viable gp just go wits end + shiv and go koreanplank . 
  but lizard is not really worth it as you arent gonig to use all its benefits . 
  ( jungle gp is not only shit but you need extra items to stay alive ( lifesteal ) and even then , wriggles is better on him . 
  personally i only use 3 builds : the most viable being `` koreanplank '' or `` zeusplank '' with wits end , shiv , sunfire , mallet , last item situational ( triforce , gauntlet , ie , but mostly spirit visage for mr because i 'm maxing w on ths build anyways . 
  second most viable is tanky dps area plank with gauntlet + visage + cdr boots then going situational items such as hydra , shiv , mallet , triforce + ie or lw . 
  the most fun i had though , is with mid critplank , i often use it vs kassadins and its very efficient , but dangerous . 
  basically it relies on the fact that q can crit so the core is triforce + shiv + ie , no boots because triforce is too good + im maxing e after q. 
  usually i build lw then another ie if im rich ( to max out crit chance ) , or just buy ga or executioners . 
  it is very bad in terms of lategame though , you will have amazing damage ... but only when your q is up , as this build doesnt have as much survival as gp needs , so i would only use it when you have something like wukong leona varus fiddle etc. 
  ; something that makes you be able to get in melee range withotu gapclosers . 
  thats a nice way to say `` this '', 
  heh , it might not even proc on hydra and shiv , nor gauntlet , never tried though . 
  except ap carries . . , supports , ap junglers , adcs with no ap ratios or more than enough ms steroids ( vayne sivir ) , champs that doesnt use mana ap or crit ( lee sin , akali ) , but i agree it is very useful on bruisers without gapclosers or adcs with ap ratios like ez corki or mf, 
  yeah but you know what fotm is . . people mostly just brinlessly follow it no matter how bad it is . 
  so i have a bit of precaution using every fotm, 
  must be situational . 
  i wouldnt want spend 3800 ish gold on something that gives me only 10 % crit , some ap i dont need and hp i can jsut buy a crystal for . . 
  i think on a ms steroid adc if you want to chase , phantom is always better . 
  what i mean is , people been winning all over the place with vayne for more than a year without triforce , so it doesnt really becomes op overnight . . you know . 
  maybe you dont need the ms. maybe that chinese guy did . 
  just my thoughts, 
  it would be like hitler renovating the whole german industry . 
  o wait he did, 
  facelaz0r to crow party seems like a neat combo, 
  annie x ezreal : the virgin lane . 
  not the size is a problem . . its physically tied to trynd 's hand ... 
  maybe that one doesnt exist . 
  yeah i might `` buy '' fraps , thanks for the tip . 
  hey , can you read ? 
  photo taken by a russian photographer crew who like to climb up to the top of many famous buildings , their site is worth checking out : http://dedmaxopka.livejournal.com/, 
  ziggs was in lcs too, 
  can i have an upvote please ? 
  jk , will do, 
  nice !, 
  always remembers me to fuck the `` chances '' doctors give , i spent the first 1.5 years of my life without moving a muscle * and now i 'm 26, 
  ^ ^ * exaggerating, 
  ^ ^ bit . 
  ^ ^ was, 
  ^ ^ incubator, 
  ^ ^ that, 
  ^ ^ time ), 
  please dont spread bullshit, 
  nope , every seraph gives 1000 mana and 60 ap , the 3 % of mana converted to ap is unique, 
  shit , replied wrong comment , sorry . 
  welcome to the club, 
  hi , how are you ? 
  . . it was on frontpage already ? 
  what am i missing ? 
  no shit ? 
  any champ !, 
  i 'm doing it with malzahar , i heard kayle is the best if you want an all-around char-she can do well every role ( well kinda lackluster as adc ), 
  no , you just wanking over a dozen wins on a champ . 
  do it 100 times and i 'm impressed . 
  i dont think so , morgana is a fallen angel , a witch would be kinda degrading for her ? 
  blitz the r0b0t, 
  that would be a terrible idea if they would want to win any games - but a good one if they go for entertainment, 
  he can play . . 
  no shit ? 
  inst that the taunt ? 
  whoops , sorry, 
   communicate with your team !, 
   mute everyone and everything, 
  truer words have never been said . 
  you mean spirit or elder lizard, 
  reminds me of diana vickers , but younger and more pretty , 
  which one is hotter ? 
  i 'm in a dil * emma *, 
  ^ ( i 'll show myself out ), 
  dae breaking bad ? 
  another idea which worked for me . 
  if the enemy laner play passive ( because you `` counterpickd '' him or something ) you can go barrier + ignite mid with redpot and push mid . 
  when enemy jungler comes ( this works against a lot of melee junglers ) to gank , simply pop redpot and start autoin gim , that + the minion aggro will fb most level 2-3 junglers . 
  i did many firstblood double kills with malz this way . 
  ( althought i timed my voidling too ), 
  sounds too much like a 4chan greentext to be true . 
  you mean fuzzy ? 
  he isnt in the video ? 
  come on , only trial will do it justice . 
  railgun . 
  i dont even know how do you have the courage to not staying defensive on your point . . 
  i dont know man , you might be biased , i have seen them both play really well, 
  blitz silence was also 6 seconds once iirc, 
  because otherw were way more op, 
  well thats kinda how zed play no ? 
  you are a wd then ? 
  is it only for oce ? 
  rylais is not core .
