  also ap yi pushes real hard and mainly pushers counter fizz . 
  so , midgame just shove and roam . 
  if all else fails , go ad . 
  but i think yi counters fizz . 
  ( well not as hard as he counters karthus for example ), 
  good addition to discussion , enjoy some karma . . oh wait, 
  my bad . 
  cdr boots , manamune , banshee , frozen heart , guardian angel , last whisper . 
  i dont think genja knows english, 
  sorry to be a party pooper but this is just common soloq behavior . 
  nothing too `` extreme '' . 
  yes you read it correctly , i have 11 ranked wins with the exact same build above . 
  and only 3 loss, 
  o well i mean champions of course . 
  lol, 
  you cant rely on lifesteal when last hitting , as you only hit them for like 60 dmg, 
  you mean how this build works , etc. . ? 
  btw it was on 1200 elo if that helps, 
  looking at his elo graph , someone might have acquired his pw and fucking with him by purposely losing his elo . 
  or , he got a fatal irl mental accident , idk . 
  yes , or even hybrid pen quints as well . 
  they surprisingly add more damage , especially on akali . 
  although in early game , where the e dmg is loike 20 % of aa dmg , i would consider going 10 armor pen and the rest ad , for 25 armor pen . 
  masteries-wise i would get both pen . 
  you mean wits end . 
  madreds arent worth it , neither does malady, 
  oh the thing is , he is kind of a soak like mundo . 
  one thing you may notice about this build , that it maxes cdr and has a shitload of mana + manamune . 
  so basically you spam soft cc in teamfights , do minor damage and get 3 voidlings , they scale with ad and have sick steoids . 
  with them you do moderate damage , about the same as a ryze/urgot . 
  ad/armor pen + tanky runes , and you are like yorik in lane - unbeatable harass and sustained dmg with lings + aa . 
  also you can go manamune + brut then after banshee + fh sell brut for last whisper . 
  manamune + maybe some ad/lvl runes ( i used yellows and quints iirc ) give you enough time to buy these 2 defensive items . 
  edit : works the same as urgot . 
  you dont do carry damage , but make their dmg lower by cc and tankiness so your smaller dmg outdamages them . 
  so rewarding to faceroll jaxes who stun you only to face 2 voidling + w + ulti . 
  and if all else fails you can buy ap ( aa staff ftom tear if they stack armor , etc ), 
   about a little guy that lives in a blue world *, 
  ftfy, 
  edit : [ source ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4qgpwly-em ), 
  love your enemy , says the bible . 
  ^ lol, 
  fuck you , eves passive is what made her op , lol, 
  every time i see a post like this , it is done by the original poster . 
  butthurt much ? 
  i think you missed the links at the right , this thread belongs to / r/circloljerk, 
  i am being downvoted because this is reddit and this is 2012, 
  wtf ... 
  both . 
  miss fortune . 
  she 's causing too much trouble . 
  nah who am i kidding . 
  teemo , of course, 
  or any pusher lol . 
  singed . 
  anybody with a cheap aoe spell lol . 
  not just you . . lmao look at the stream chats, 
  the strongest ak-47, 
  9/10 loled on regi one, 
  yeah well sometimes some of my random posts get 200 + karma too , yeah idk why , lol, 
  any caster . 
  or , anyone with a silence, 
  lol ? 
  anivia . 
  wall in jungle + ult . 
  boom . 
  i can name 10 champs . 
  mundo, 
  irelia, 
  sion, 
  these all beat olaf lategame . 
  ye but his ult somehow counts . 
  was tested, 
  yeah well i was disappointed with the remake, 
  or kass, 
  stun him . 
  lol, 
  still waiting the day when eve gets his non-ult instant cc what every fucking assasin has . 
  akali has w , ahri has w , lb has silence + snare ... talon has slow + silence . . vayne has stun ... irelia has stun + slow , kass has silence + slow , lee sin has a shitload of tricks and a slow , nocturne has fear , panth has a slow + stun , poppy has s stun , shaco has a slow + fear , tf has a stun + slow , xin has knockup ... 
  yeah maybe fizz is the only other one without non-ult cc . 
  but he has 2 gap closes and a motherfucking trollpole . 
  what does eve have ? 
  useless w feels like tis doing 0 dmg , w too long cd and useless passive , speedup doesnt worth shit if you are withered . . e spell come on . . as bonus for 3 sec is like okay , you get 2 more autoattacks out in that period . 
  ult shield is so fucking useless , not to mention the cd is like eternity . . 
  50 % slow on level 16 . 
  on an ulti . 
  thanks riot, 
  en tho she was my main for 700 + games it would have been better to just remove her from the game . 
  why no malz flair taco ? 
  longest, 
  whooosh, 
  ever ... 
  gp as jungler . 
  gp as mid, 
  gp as support . 
  and fuck yeah , gp as ad carry . 
  if jax gets into melee range yeah, 
  idk man , i liked it, 
  i discovered that in my elo no top laner buys tabi . 
  so . . yeah,
