  majestic beard . 
  i always have too mcuh things to scrap . 
  a pistol scraps for 4 steel but i gave 1k + so why not sell instead ? 
  fuck you now there is coffee on my t-shirt, 
  have you tried emailing the mod creators ? 
  damn i want this tank , 
  op pls , edit the main post to include a link to wiki . 
  that is the lest you can do to promote the wiki !, 
  well at least you wont be cannon fodder with a stock config, 
  unrelated but why would you move from switzerland to turkey ? 
  family reasons ? 
  sweet !, 
  shitpost is shit, 
  i dont think his real name is sven , and his username svenskeren in this context doesnt have anything to do with sven either . 
  i havent got it confirmed but i have a strong suspicion ( 99.99 % ) that since he is danish , his name svenskeren uses the danish meaning ( translates to `` the swede '' in danish ), 
  he also has no upper lips . . wtf, 
  i got 3 marks on that thing so i think i can give some input . 
  first , the gun is very inaccurate and hitting too hard . 
  for example you hit an is for like 700 damage but that is about the only moment when the gun is worth firing at your own tier - you pretty much need tier 8 + games or you waste your alpha . 
  i feel like the strength of the gun is the splash , so buy gold ammo ( dont even fire standard he unless you are poor ) and fire it . 
  you will notice the difference . 
  equipment should be rammer gld and either optics/binos or camonet . 
  consumables-wise the only thing you need is improved combat rations . 
  crewskills : bia first , then gunnery skils ( snapshot smooth ride ) , then wiewrange skills . 
  take some camo inbetween . 
  playstyle : you are aiming and setting up for about 18-20 seconds . 
  so , move after every shot for as long as you cna but if you see 20 on your reload timer and there is an enemy to shoot , stop and aim . 
  think 20 seconds ahead though : if the spotted enemy has 400 hp and it was spotted by a 1390 chances are you wont be able to fire . 
  do n't be afraid to use it as a very long range td . 
  since the gun is inaccurate , try moving as close to the enemy as possible . 
  also , if you are covered but close , you can fire ap for hilarious effects . 
  the narrow gun constraints mean that you have to choose the direction you are firing from , meaning you cant just sit down somewhere and fire at whatever is spotted , like an american arty could . 
  take td-like spots but behind cover . 
  suggested ammo loadout is 1-2 ap , rest prem he . 
  the s-51 is very good for every arty mission up to spg 15 of t55a ( havent tested further as currently im struggling with lt and ht missions ), 
  one more thing ; tank is slow as fuck so you can use removed speed givernor/oil if you want . 
  just use repair kit in case an enemy arty tracks you when counterbattery-ing . 
  speaking of which : dont try it , its a waste of shell . 
  but beware of the enemy arty doing it , so move after every shot . 
  you dont need a 280 . 
  my 270 is totally fine , i got 50 + fps all time on maximum settings ( i have an i5 4440 cpu though ), 
  the massive splash damage ( about 5m if i recall correctly ) is on the regular he as well , it 's jsut that the gold is even better ( 9.4 m splash !!, 
  ) , the third best splash in the game and so basically what you are doing with the gold ammo is maximizing your gimmick . 
  if your reload is 50 s you want to do as much damage as possible , and if you miss . . at least do some splash ye ? 
  yes the su-14-2 is one of my favourite arties actually . 
  not only more accurate than the s51 , but it can mount ventilation , further increasing the crew ( better aim/load time ), 
  no but it definitely helps . 
  i 'd say its fine in t10 games but then again , you could use a t8 arty instead . 
  i 'd recommend failtooning only when it really counts . . 
  double daily , mission etc. 
  if you have to grind and there is a lot of tier 7 games , justmount the middle gun and shoot ap, 
   unless you have a hard-on for the obj261 , at least . 
  more toxic than teamkilling arty ? 
  i can do my own damage on lt 15, 
  i 'll have the ru for that, 
  not really , the average is kept low cause i ragequit a lot plus i usually platoon and let my platoonmates do the damage . 
  in solo i usually do around 2-3k damage . 
  edit : you mean that since the lt15 is 2k more , its basically like lt14 but i also need to do 2k on my own . 
  yeah but i can do more , and also i got platoonmates on lt14 , at least i can . . 
  i 'd say for a solo player 5k spot is way more difficult than 7k spot + dmg, 
  yup, 
  i do like 5 times a day varying from 8am to midnight , daily . 
  no one but serah helped yet, 
  looks like we are in similar shoes then . 
  i think we maybe have info to exhange . 
  hit me up with a pm if interested . 
  and a new account, 
  holy shit people think it works ? 
  so basically the same as jacquard 's machine, 
  `` extensive '' lmao, 
  well , fuck . 
  yeah also the card is practically only played at superlate game where most of the cards are drawn already . 
  i mean if you make a deck with 1 of each card then wtf are you going to achieve ? 
  being able to play reno in turn 5 ? 
  gee , useful as shit ... 
  no you are not, 
  suggestion : add birch gun as turreted ( fully traversible ), 
  lmao , binos on e100, 
  and about 100000 fucktons of hdr, 
  8/8 b8 m8, 
  the `` i got 3 marks '' means i had 3 marks on it before i had my account reset , so i can not prove it or provide an exact number . 
  although i remember , that when i hit 95 % on mastery , my damage ratio was around 4.7 , so . . 1650 , give or take a few, 
  had too many shit games played and i wanted to go into a better clan so i had to ask for support to reset my acc or else i cant get my wn8 high enough, 
  yep, 
  is there any reasonnot to use the search engine ? 
  not to mention the heat pen doesnt justify the risk you take . 
  at that point rather fire he . 
  also t95 rear is easily pennable by he too, 
  it is, 
  really good idea , if there is enough demand . 
  i could show ppl some type 64 tricks, 
  lol you had to choose the v/iv for this shot , do you ? 
  i dunno it takes effort :d, 
  fallout 3 , 4 and new vegas all have subtitles if that is what you are looking for, 
  yeah they all have something in common which is basically : the vast majority of the game is outside of the plot . 
  i dunno the 100y is also good ( in terms of money making ), 
  welcome to fatherhood . 
  enjoy it ( hopefully ) until you die . . 
  fuck me i 've been trying to do that mission for weeks now . 
  perhaps the toldi ?
