  i never insulted someone , only his actions . 
  ps : you can forget me now btw . 
  alright i wont let this just settle like that . 
   and you certainly are not entitled to attack others who have different opinion from yours, 
   i said you were a moron, 
  see the hypocrisy now ? 
  exactly !, 
  what am i saying is that by the same definition you are a moron as well therefore none of use have the right to judge therefore we should all just shut up . 
  ghost actually gets all the enemy passives as well , for example aegis aura . 
  care to elaborate ... ? 
  or sarcasm, 
  all of the similar guns of the same tier ( pz . 
  have more accuracy , rof or armor . 
  not worth it, 
  play the su-76i . 
  or the pz . 
  this is basically war golem + arcane intellect except its in one card and you draw one more card and the other part of the battlecry . 
  insane value in itself . 
  entitled, 
  holy shit dude 8/8 autism right there, 
  no it isnt , its just culturally different than yours . 
  how you you know he isnt into / r/vore, 
  ( attention : nsfw ), 
  nono , google image search it, 
   t 's only when people say something stupid , usually over and over again , that i 'll be less than polite . 
  or , when they play arty . 
  whether he was a redditor or not doesnt matter . 
  but you abused him, 
   what i do in game has no influence on me being a mod ,, 
  if you are such an asshole you tk arty , you will be an asshat here too . 
  honestly idk what u expected . 
  you did a shit thing . 
  a half-assed apology doesnt magically make everything good again . 
  so they are all assholes . 
  if everyone is doing sin its still a sin . 
  i 'd give a 7/10 but you are fit - 8/10, 
  overtaker : 1 mana 1/3 . . ah fuck it, 
  everyone posting score cards now without looking at the fucking sidebar . . love x5 weekends . 
  the only advantage of the jt88 over the su is that if you are hulldown in the jt you force even the highest pen tier 9 tanks to shoot gold . 
  not many moments are better than bouncing jagdtiger ap shells , 4-5 in a row :d, 
  ( though you cant pen the jt either ), 
  as an arty player , i dunno what you are talking about . 
  prokh sucks with arty if the enemy is playing correctly . 
  first , look at what kind of arty you are facing against . 
  i assume you play tier 10 , so i 'll only look at arties 8-10 . 
  against russian arty , zigzag movement is enough - all of the russians especially the 261 has shitty gun traverse . 
  if a 261 sits on the red line and you are on center , about 50m left and bam the 261 has to traverse the hull . 
  he wont , though , probably he will shoot somoeone else in his cone of effect . 
  take note of how many allies are in your vicinity . 
  for example if you have a slower tank next to you the arty is more likely to shoot that one , especially if you move . 
  against a cgc there is not as much cover . 
  thankfully it has very shitty accuracy and shell travel time , so nobody leads he target in a cdc , they just close their eyes , fire and hope for the best . 
  us arties have wider gun traverse , but they are also just as inaccurate as tier 8-9 russians . 
  if you are facing one , zigzag is prolly not enough , you have to move in an unpredictable pattern . 
  same with french . 
  germans are pretty generic , although if i recall correctly the gw tiger and p have shitty gun traverse as well . 
  this is only if you are playing fast ( ish ) tanks though . 
  if you are playing a slower heavy like a maus , your best bet is to be as far from the arty as possible , at least compared to the other teammates . 
  basically , keep in mind that arty always shoots the easiest target , and you can be harder to hit by moving , being as far as possible ( accuracy problem ) , or not getting spotted at all . 
  this is all that comes to my mind atm , although i only played the cgc and the 261 . but seriously i hate prokh more than himmelsdorf . 
  in himmelsdorf at least the enemy assumes i cant hit them so i can be sneaky or something . 
  but prokh is basically skeet shooting and it sucks on arties with bad gun traverse . 
  edit : also keep in mind the reload of arties . 
  have you fucking read my post though ? 
  if you drive a heavy tank in the middle of prokh you deserve to get artied . 
  i think its just manneurism . 
  overexaggerating, 
  if it works , it 's not silly . 
  i did it multiple times on different accounts . 
  first i did it with su-122-44 when it was 4k , then after it got remaked to 3k i did it with su-100 , another with e-25 . 
  i 'd recommend the highest alpha gun you have . 
  but the jt88 should make it easily as well, 
  by higher he prolly meant higher than the clans that he can apply for atm, 
  mount 122 mm , load heat , collect tears . 
  nike clothing . 
  i still wear those my mom bought for me in 1999 , but burned though several that we bought * later *, 
  when a purple does it . 
  especially if its arty . 
  just sometimes ? 
  well , nope coz the b2 is the best, 
  leo doesnt get tier 9 mm tho, 
  sweet , same here . 
  add lefexel, 
  yeah , matilda is a bitch . 
  thankfully i dont meet a lot in tier 4 as they are mostly in tier 5-6 games especially if the platoon, 
  or jus fucknig smash the glass and take all the money, 
  also fire a few ammo when hunting the last enemy then killsteal last alive =  fadins medal, 
  edit : capping 2v5 and win ? 
  tk your teammate at the last second --  kolobarnovs medal, 
  6/10 too much posing . 
  like i give a shit . 
  it was a joke, 
  hunter has 2 legendary - highmane and the other highmane, 
  arty is a broken game mechanic - literally anyone who doesnt play arty ( above a certain level ), 
   rng doomcannons are not fun mechanics . 
  for you . 
   even as the cgc player for a top 5 clan i do n't think arty is a good game mechanic, 
  what makes you think being in a top 5 clan somehow magically qualifies you to have an opinion worth more than anyone ? 
   but the game mechanic of arty being able to severely punish players for camping is not really a thing . 
  this one i agree with tho .
