  it 's just it happens more on hightiers cause on lowtiers nobody cares . 
  ( well , except some ppl like me ), 
  if anything , tier 5 arty is even more cancerous because in addition to the oneshot capabilities it also has a 20 sec reload . 
  and dont get me started on the bishop, 
  ca n't you just wash them manually ? 
  or you just dont understand sarcasm, 
  wow , this one is amazing, 
  p a r t i e s, 
  i am not , lol . 
  i wash my own dishes always , and will never buy a dishwasher , it is a waste of time , space , and money . 
  ( well , not so much time ), 
  it 's still worse than a cdc though , no ? 
  i want to buy a tier 8 med and i 'm wondering which one i should . 
  these , and the t54 prot seem like the only schoice , maybe the t-34-3 . 
  moneymaking wise , i think the cdc is better since higher dpm ? 
  or t34-3 cause alpha ? 
  6.2 k damage takes approximately 20 shots , with the 907 's reload it takes about 2 minutes to put out . 
  i assume you got into battle in 0 seconds , kept firing and penning every single shot since the first second of the game ? 
  nice job . 
  disagree and prove your point : -100 karma, 
  i wouldnt pick jinx into a yi anyways, 
  yep . 
  i won a camo in the t23e3 campaign and applied it to the ht no 6 just recently, 
  whoops, 
  she is not nervous, 
  my german detector is beeping, 
  where does a maus get penned by he though ? 
  not it cant . 
  after it penned 15 shells you are left with crippled tanks on the enemy team ( even if you penned 15 mauses ) and you cant do full damage on those . 
  and since you cant splash a he pen ... 
  no because if you kill 15 tanks the game is won, 
  `` old '' news . . it was even in a previous twis iirc, 
  on one `` iirc '' comment ? 
  man , i might remember incorrectly . . 
  salt level : over 9000, 
  i am referring to the state of the comment i am replying to . 
  i merely stated that if you only have teammates left to damage , the game is won, 
  turret shape from this angle looks like its a conq turret, 
  tier 7 med with t-55 hull armor ? 
  fuck yes, 
  can i get an `` arty apologist '' flair ? 
  unless im getting free shit , there is no place in hell im going to vote for wot, 
  5 tiamat twitch was the shiet, 
  are you from hungary ? 
  i dunno i did a fuckton of missions in arty in that mode . 
  zs\u00edr , 
  very funny , it 's like we never heard that joke about a thousand times . 
  yep , hungarian language windows client on number 12, 
  willpower . 
  i think you fired a shot which went near him , and the engine counted it as a miss, 
  or carmageddon, 
  not really . 
  concrete is good against `` pushing '' , for example when you have to hold something , or , an impact of a shell . 
  steel is good against `` pulling '' for example when something bends , or beams over large distances between walls ( so they dont bend ) . 
  steel in wallso doesnt do much . 
  in fact , an explosion would just melt the steel , or at the very least , bend it and heat is so much that the chemical bond to the concrete breaks , resulting in flying concrete everywhere . 
  sorry for my poor english, 
  probably not much to do with the steel i think . 
  think about steel like a rope inside the concrete . 
  very resistant to getting pulled apart but not resistant to bending/heating, 
  i 'll be your friend , 
  no , really , pm me if you want to talk . 
  i have lots of time and i like to conversate, 
  i detect massive amounts of salt, 
  that would be the case in a commercially deisgned building like a skyscraper . 
  but given that these bunkers were build in wartime ( needed to be done fast because the soviets were coming = loq quality concrete ) i doubt it, 
  no point . 
  just ignore her from now on . 
  she is terrible of making it looks like she is not reading the teleprompter ( which she totally is ), 
  i dont think you understand economics much, 
  fuck those times . 
   the proof for it is in the pudding , to coin a phrase . 
  that was fucking mental , you could see the kog ulti not stopping recall since it hit in the last 0.5 sec of the animation ... 
  interestingly enough , this play is now doable with every champion thanks to dangerous game . 
  ( well , at least on chamion kills ), 
  i have a joke about pax tf , but you would n't get it, 
  and the grandpa 's clock . . with grandpa strapped on its back, 
  need one pala for the conviction and one necro for lower resist , then its gg, 
  thing is , you also have to find a buyer , i mean there is a competition . 
  i uh . . kinda wanted to sell my account for like 3 months , and nobody showed up despite the decent ad and a selection of rare tanks ( kv5 , b2 , pz . 
  2j , and like 10 other tanks not available anywhere atm ), 
  someone prolly had a better deal somewhere else , or ppl just werent interested in that combination of tanks . 
  he got some cringeworthy grammatical mistakes as well, 
  you mean do ru fi n ? 
  that sounds evil . 
  i like it, 
  funniest shit ever is a tahm kench with garen spinning inside, 
  also decent wiewrange, 
  does that anime has anything to do with full metal panic ? 
  i think if you resort to apathy its most likely not your fault . . 
  to what ? 
  it 's completely accurate . 
  ayyyyyy grats, 
  its satire ... 
  adc might be dragon trainer tristana, 
  well , 10 minute stop if nb picks shaco, 
  dyrus is a decent support from what i have gatherer from worlds ... 
  fair enough, 
  111 feels like an is6 with shittier armor imo, 
  oh , and i forgot something .
