  so it 's more like constructively asked . 
  thanks for the input , and i will answer - to myself . 
  wow really nice input !, 
  definitely going to try , though i did not consider it first as i plan to be as constructive `` standard '' member of the society as possible . 
  your method seems to be a bit . . too unusual but nothing to be turn away from . 
  goes along well with couchsurfing i guess . 
  thanks , bookmarked the page , 
  yeah , i also prefer rue bread , but toast is better for things like . . well . . toasters :d, 
  thanks . 
  about the movie thing : interesting though to plan . 
  my version did not include that because it was a luxury for me . 
  but you are right , if i dont socialize enough i wont go anywhere :d, 
  thanks , stored it for later ( sleepy atm to translate ), 
  does that mean the sooner i apply the better ? 
  ( i mean , my chances ), 
  ( besides that would mean i only have to stay in a rented room until about march , when i apply for uni , i guess - nice ! ), 
  ok here is the short version :, 
  no once cares !, 
  you suck , fuck off, 
  better ? 
  it doesnt meet anyone 's standards but yours . 
  do you see how everyone is criticizing you ? 
  holy shit this thread is gold, 
  alright , i guessed so , but i 'll live with that . 
  i 'm on eu :(, 
  noted , thanks, 
  he is being sarcastic, 
  again thanks , that is some very good insight . 
  definitely going to try it out . 
  also , i 'd love just walking around the city and asking everyone if they have a job etc. 
  i did that in hungary - free city tour lol, 
  judging from the map : nobody was at the middle and you dont have 6th sense so you dont know if they see you or not . 
  bad combination . 
  part of the game knowledge is memorization of metagame ( aka what tanks go where usually at what time , etc. ), 
  usually , fast tanks with good wiewrange ( such as m4 ) can go middle this game and shoot like that every game . 
  he even had 2 seconds + to aim ( he had derp gun which has a long aim time ), 
  about 2 times the average of tier 8 prems i guess , so , about 60 dollars i guess ? 
  i thing its still the best tier 8 prem tank due to it being a medium . 
  with some armor . 
  allright , back to playing the fcm, 
  if i recall correctly , just copy the files into the res_mods folder and thats it . 
  probably a balance factor as it is fairly op for tier 2, 
  i think the unique mm is okay , i think the only buff it needs is wiewrange so it can scout properly, 
  your point ? 
  the only tier 6 the t49 meets are scouts yo, 
  that can be circumvented though isnt it ? 
  before i apply to dorm i just `` move '' home, 
  not like i want to do it though . 
  it would still cost money and probably not worth it . 
  most likely i will just settle in aarhus or aalborg and apply for copenhagen, 
  could volunteer as lore nazi but i dont consider tactics and bos as canon, 
  holy fuck thats a shit song, 
  shit shit shit shit shit . 
  shit shit shit shit shit . 
  nothing says peace more than a sawed-off tank barrel, 
  the engineering part is done by christie though, 
  good idea , but i assume you have a good crew as well . 
  i imagine you would use gld if you only had a 100 % crew, 
  hm . . makes me consider trying it coz i have a shit crew, 
  t i play too much lights and tds and got into that mindset instead lol . 
  i try playing heavies but i just cant seem to get them rigtht, 
  m3 light . 
  got it from a gift code , found out that it has similar or less required damage than some tier 1 tanks . 
  the tank is utter shit but if you just take some 3-4 shots at the start of the game on nubz ( tier 3-4 mm ) then you are looking at 4-5k wn8 i havent played it at all though , as i dont have a russian light tank yet, 
  yeah , to people with no sense of humor . 
  there is no proof whatsoever they plan another mission like that so why bother contemplating ? 
  that is an spg . 
  well the pen is not that good though , and even the gold ammo sucks compared to heat-54, 
  relevant username lol ? 
  2 heat shells is 1400 damage . 
  nah , you just remembered 750 just like the kv2 has and now trying to cover up . 
  admit it , it is easier . 
   you just remembered 750 just like the kv2, 
  meaning he remembered 750 because he remembered 750 on the kv2 too . 
  didnt say how much alpha does the kv2 have . 
  at least you get your shit right if you plan to call someone out ... 
  yeah sorry , a slip on my part . 
  it isnt really clear especially with that condescending undertone . 
  i can only blame my lack of english skills  . <, 
  would you rather have mm from where you cant do shit because everyone is smart enough to angle/hide/aim properly ? 
  think again . 
  i for one welcome pubz and gleefully shit on them, 
  i think the reason is that the t57 gun got really nerfed, 
  but what if you start from 1k spamming gold ? 
  how do you get to 4k then, 
  what you said is true , but for those who really cant aim at weakspots , gold ammo sometimes means the difference between `` sometimes pen '' and `` never pen this shit '' , for example when playing against a hulldown mirror match in jagdtigers, 
  well i heard ( on kajzoo stream , soo . . maybe not true ) that about 20 ppl got banned for rigging missions , or in kajzoo 's words `` for being too good '' . 
  if that is the case , i 'll wait . 
  he said he doesnt play the t22 anyways because thats even more of an arty magnet than his wn8 . 
  if he is not correct , and people are still around playing legit t22 's which they obtained by help , i 'm okay with that . . as long as i can obtain it too , rigging or not . 
  i know i got 3.9 k wn8 on it average . 
  never shot ap :d, 
  but for some reason i dont have apcr in some tanks that can use it like the e25, 
  kajzoo had it after like 3 days ( saw it on stream ) and he still has it ... 
  i 'd argue that the best tank in the game is not an absolute statement - relative to playstyles . 
  in terms for relative carry potential i think even the b2 is better , for example . 
   what are you even talking about ? 
  about the carry potential . 
  better dpm and hp for tier , and less ppl can pen you in a game . 
  also , people are worse in tier 4 .
