  very nice , but itsnt the scale of the batmobile a little too big ? 
  you mean calling for property damage, 
  no its not, 
  hungarian version ria was conceniently cropped out ... 
   have you not seen the menace that is on hit frozen mallet tankmo ? 
  can confirm got level 7 mastery on teemo playing that ( in plat ), 
  nah if you duel you are better off with red smite . 
  and if you need an active slow there is blue smite . 
  i played about 330 eve games from gold to plat and i used to build gunblade a lot , and realized that even though its nice to have , there are better , more needed items in terms of lategame and build synergy . 
  ( i go ap though : lichbane , rylais , then situational , but mostly protobelt anyssal zhonyas ), 
  red, 
  on a serious note , some upbeat music , usually trance does it for me . 
  but one of the best is https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvzljdmopvs, 
  well i got used to her voice playing her for thousands of times , so i would miss the original voice , but maybe the new one is better . 
  for example i mained her before the rework , but i wasnt amongs the complainers - i liked the new kit better . 
  when you assasinate , only use it if the enemy is tankier . 
  when teamfights , its a followup cc with a caveat : you need to use it asap cause its current hp % dmg . 
  otherwise dont count on the shield and eq is usually enough for carries . 
  there was a guy with cancer who loved playing lol and i think he went to riot offices with make-a wish orsomething . 
  he died shortly after , and since he mained jax , riot put his favourite skin jaximus for sale , and gave the benefits for some charity or something . 
  how do you have any mana problems ? 
  i thought rushing sheen before echoes solves that problem . 
  and sheen into warrior is also fine mana wise . 
  and if you really need mana you can go invis a bit . ? 
  i agree tho , ap is superior anyways , but i dont build any jungle itme at all after the starting item ( sheen -  reolver -  lich is my path ), 
  what do you mean `` kit '' ? 
  what kind of kit ? 
  do n't worry , `` the one '' will not be `` scared '' of your awkwardness ( if there is any ) . 
  maybe he will even like it !, 
  my girlfriend was always anxious about her burring , and it took a lot of time convincing her i find it cute . 
   im not very good at grammar, 
  eve, 
  probably because he yoloes hard, 
  buy mr early , spirit visage and wits end . 
  he does almost full magic damage . 
  holy shit . . 
  no , she is from the void, 
  torchlight then ? 
  sheen ( 1st spike ) - revolver ( 2nd spike ) into echoes ( somewhat of a spike ) - mobi boots - rylias - ( spike ) - lichbane - gunblade - voidstaff is by build atm . 
  ( about 370 eve games this season , plat2 ), 
  no , only talisman , starting krugs -  red or enemy gromp steal -  my red always . 
  then go around using red to regen my hp and gank until i have 1050g for sheen . 
  usually i go red smite yes , but only after sheen + revolver + mobi boots . 
  these are more important . 
  but must of the time i just upgrade the talisman straight away to redmite echoes for 2275 . 
  i gank a lot though . 
  usually im around 2/0/2 before level 6 . 
  yeah , sheenand revolver is enough if you can get it early enough . 
  after that , if you get behind , just buy rylais and be an annoying bitch :d, 
  the first 90 minutes were good but the shit we did on the overtime was painful to watch, 
  not if you go armorpen build, 
  your mom, 
  yeah , that 's what she said after . 
  i 'd do eve, 
  wait . . 
  and fucknig stay there, 
  so , nunu ult ? 
  urgot is about as much of a marksman as teemo, 
  the best !, 
  kinda broken english i guess , but what he means ( i guess ) is that catalonia doesnt wiew itself as part of spain . 
  edit : az \u00f6sszeget \u00e9n javasoltam ( ennyim volt ) , k\u00f6z\u00f6lt\u00e9k hogy nem lesz el\u00e9g  https://www.reddit.com/r/denmark/comments/3tu9s8/i_want_to_work_in_denmark_need_some_info/, 
  it is mine, 
  becaue the boosted player on quesrtion here is baaaaaaaaaddddddddddddddd, 
  looks like cgi, 
  oh the irony, 
  the mana stealing mechanics wont be implemented ever . 
  back then wits used to steal mana but they reworked the item because riot found the mechanics `` unfun '' . 
  nice concept though, 
  which server ? 
  looks like she is surprised by her own power :d nice, 
  cant help then :( ( eune here , too much ping ), 
  server ? 
  i admit , that was one of the best sessions of games . 
  i wasnt playing during the league of cleavers so this made up for it, 
  sincerely ,, 
  a dirty warwick picker, 
  lets count !, 
  ult , q , e , auto , thunderlords , gunblade , lichbane , about 6-8 nashors tooth procs , echoes , rift herald buff . . unless you are a lategame sion , nowhere, 
  that is part of the artistic freedom , good job :d, 
  `` ceases to discontinue '' lol, 
  this post is a start  any communication is a start in fact . 
  trial and error . 
  rectal holocaust, 
  probably kalista , dancing around impaling everyone . 
  yeah , cheap karma grab more like . 
  just like all this comment chain, 
  taliyah so i can surf donw mid in style !, 
  you mean homosexual sexy sex, 
  also you have to watch your friends die . . over . . and over ... 
  rumor has it , it was an arranged marriage and they arent even liking each other iirc, 
  would rather be garen instead coz of kata, 
  eve main since s1 here . 
  fuck you all, 
  i quit this game months ago and never looked back . 
  in fact the onyl reason i saw this thread is that i forgot to unsub . 
  well , its a brad thread , isnt it ? 
  i mean , im proud of leaving , so whats the problem ? 
  you wan na live in an echo chamber ? 
  this game is shit no matter how you wan na coat it, 
  how is 100 % crit not possible with triforce ?
