  the consensus was that nasus needs 30 minutes of stalling on toplane . 
  darien said `` then we can play it against clg.eu ! '', 
  you seem to confuse grammar with vocabulary, 
  dont worry . 
  judging by te looks you cant be over 18 . . 
  it 's not too late . 
  i 'm 26 and i feel how different my parents felt when they heard that i got a job in the past . 
  i 'm currently unemployed which ( they think ) is kinda bad and i appreciate they got honesty ; maybe your surroundings dont , but try to read them . 
  another good thing would be , to ask and speak to persons who you look up to ; wiser persons , they might not be your relatives but they can provide much valuable information about life in general . 
  my parents arent talkative ( nor wise either ) , so i went to a psychologist , which was also a good friend of mine for a long time , and i can safely say it was the best thing i 've done for a very long time . 
  i know . 
  but you must understand , sometimes not you are the white knight in shiny armor who carries your team ... also , fun ? 
  ranked is not for fun . 
  play normals if you want fun . 
  i realized long ago that ranked is a place where everyone wants to be froggen so it can never be fun , but with the right mindset i can win . 
  right now its different than yours . 
  try to not give a fuck and still carry . 
  you seem like jsut got mad over something that makes no sense and even if it would its still so less improtant . 
  i 'm gon na link you to an athene video in a minute . 
  while i dont like him as a person he makes a good point here . 
  edit : http://youtu.be/iam7mvlru6q?t=30s, 
  also, 
  i have all champs and 30k ip , couldnt care less ... 
  fuck , i wanted to pick that name for my smurf . 
  fuck you < 3, 
  he is really good ... also funny to play . 
  pick him 1-2 times in abam and you 'll see , 
  no one cares . 
  well , enjoy the downvotes lol, 
  why not ... 
  tear to get more ap later with aa staff ? 
  mpen boots ? 
  liandrys to go with your ulti ? 
  dfg to increase burst ? 
  good . 
  not necessarily . 
  just need someone who has the knowledge you want . 
  pschologists do it for a living , but be careful about that . 
  mine does it for free as a community service , so i can be sure she does it for the sake of help . 
  i 'd still recommend talking to a person you can trust and wise enough . 
  something like a grandpa or . . your school director , someone who does charity work nearby , a veteran , i dont know . 
  i 'm luck to have all these nearby to gain information about different ways of life . 
  muramana drains mana for gaining just a little bit more damage every hit than seraphs would give with lichbane , and you are all about small bursts anyway ( you cant go close to auto , too squishy and your autos arent doing much anyway ) . 
  plus , seraphs gives ap to w+r, 
  exactly , it gives like 100 dmg to it ? 
  even a statikk shiv is better . 
  with archangel you still get dmg to your q by lichbane and it amplifies your w + r too . 
  much better . 
  first off : dont ever post on mobafire , that site lost its credibility 2 years ago . 
  you are trying a bit too hard to defend your `` truth '' . 
  there is no need to do that . 
  people with any understanding of the game doesnt post on that site anymore , overall skill guide quality is very low, 
  irrelevant since i got no armor pen . . 
  dont upgrade spirit stone . 
  get early sheen if you can get into autoattack range . 
  if not , buy quadra pen + dfg . . 
  basically laning build which is risky with jungle gold , so you have to gank a lot ( which you can ), 
  another tip ; llok for / r/leagueoflegendsmeta, 
  6 with sight stone ... 
  except phantoml0rd :d, 
  recently used ? 
  link me to that game pls < 3, 
  a real `` classic '' where we are basically guaranteed to see great gameplay . 
  much like a carlsen versus anand . 
  thank you very much !, 
  your wife , your girlfriend , your boss, 
  buuuuuuuuuuuurn, 
  same reason you build it on fiora, 
  master 6 ? 
  fuck you , you owe me a coffee . . and a keyboard, 
  no , you deserved it 100 % . 
  go get a better attitude . 
  that is what the tribunal wants to teach you, 
  literally ? 
  death is the best cc - darius, 
  copy paste ftw, 
  lol finger ache ? 
  i know what you feel bro . 
  back then when the cd was 0.67 sec . . 
  actually i really spilled coffee on my keyboard , though the outcome was not as fatal as i thought , no material was harmed . 
  thanks for the tips though :d, 
  i 'm from hungary ( thats middle europe ) and i got a teemo statue along with a signed gangplank card ( i guess thats because my most played champ in s2 was gp ) about one month later . 
  never seen a fed ex car in hungary before . . o.o, 
  passive is a bit underwhelming imo . 
  just compare it to janna 's ... 
  unknown terror !, 
  it procced on everyone with twitch ulti resulting in sick dps . . imagine now with statikk shiv ... just . . imagine, 
  just like you did ? 
  lol, 
  always farm never die, 
  trynd jungle : /, 
  volibear lol, 
  or if picked some oddball shit . 
  i remember raping irelias with rammus top . 
  oh and pre-remake eve abusing the shit out of old passive :d, 
  60 stack eve . 
  bullshit , it was sick on baron, 
  yes twin shadows give so much mr. . . oh wait, 
  `` should '' is not `` will '', 
  yeah totally , thats why he has a male voiceover , right ?
