  ha ha ha . 
  when i sleep ? 
  no , scum . 
  i never sleep . 
  the shadow isles never sleep . 
  we watch . 
  from the shadows , from above any beyond , we know about your arrival before you do . 
  you may kill us . 
  but undrestand : what a death is to you , is just a timely change of form . 
  a scratch . 
  our power . . lies in things that you cant even understand . . not even touch . 
  if anything . . your lives are fully materialistic . . we are wway beyond that . 
  ever karthus `` dying '' ? 
  he is just toying with you . . steals your souls . 
  i will do , too . . 
  faster than you can imagine . 
  not even hurricane can stop us , you will all be embraced by agony . 
  now kiss, 
  rape every fucking lane matchup ( and then your voidlings die to aoe lategame ) . 
  exactly . 
  is that a dos prompt or a commodore logo ? 
  anyways really nice work !, 
  inb4 downvotestorm, 
  dude , no . . 
  i 'm at 1300 elo and yi-s here play better than you ... no offense but we only upvote quality material here, 
  i think it 's buddha , the head resembles the usual buddha face, 
  volibearable, 
  i have an idea . 
  just revert back so that her ulti applies on-hit effects . 
  the channel is already a high price for that damage , it should scale with crit . 
  early game it wont do much , but lategame , it should be a large nuke . 
  hell , even ashe ult can do more . . in a bigger range . . and it stuns . . 
  has so high sustain you dont even need hp pots . 
  ( just manapots l0l ), 
  high harass , can push really fast and he is an ap carry anyway . 
  does decent ad damage too , especially early/mid game, 
  lets be friends . . 
  forever !, 
  no really . 
  gosu pepper used it in several games, 
  i found sion 's silly part a bit cultural as well . 
  amen . 
  may the doubleswords help you on your path !, 
  yeah ihave seen teemos build gunblade and bloodthirster , like they think e procs it . . wtf, 
  ... and it 's succesful !, 
  why not ? 
  they will . 
  just in the utility tree ^ ^, 
  mad over negative karma , i see . 
  i dont think that ... 
  i clearly see that . 
  haha , you so maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddddddd, 
  lol, 
  use the search before you post ... 
  agreed . . 
  well thank you good sir . 
  like i didnt know :d, 
  breast size buffs are always welcome !, 
  what the fuck did i just click on . 
  worst half hour ever . . ( after / r/spacedicks of course ), 
  its easier with riven , given the aoe lol, 
  what the fuck , on a sidenote , are you doing with that flair . 
  you sir . . have a very small room, 
  ^ ( welcome to the club ), 
  i 'm officially jelly . 
  soooo jelly, 
  and annie , poppy , warwick ? 
  this tops mtwist , 
  please spend your creative energy on useful things, 
  i prefer : ban that motherfucker . 
  sure i can . 
  you are a flaming asshole . 
  you deserved it . 
  i would have hit punish . 
  now move on.l, 
  i dont :d, 
  dude wtf , are you circlejerking now ? 
  cant let good people sink into a pool of shit . 
  with liandris . 
  man the fuck up, 
  i had the joy of having a pentakill with ad malz . 
  skype was funny after that . . , 
  ... like with volley ? 
  come on ... lategame ( i mean by the time you finish hurricane on a support ashe . . ) you will have 3sec cd on volley anyway . . 
  how much money you spent on it ? 
  ^ ( get it ? ), 
  got a quadra today as hurricane twitch . 
  no rage on build feels good . 
  oh and also , people who like to theorycraft a lot , have an easier time countering enemy item paths . 
  i ate his soul, 
  just use enigma if you want . . 
  why dont you go play something els then , instead of whining ? 
   it crits with your auto crit from q which is a free insta 200 damage, 
  not counting masteries . . do n't you take the crit dmg % mastery on shaco ? 
  it is , does 250 dmg with ie and no masteries , at least it did on pbe, 
  ahem ahem, 
  and im more popular ? 
  might be worth a shot to mention that supports who get their abilities spike at the midgame ( particularly a level 9 nunu ) help cope with caitlyns midgame fall-off making the combo all-around good . 
  thats just my 2cnets though, 
  hurricane +2 dorans heals for 30 each hit , pretty neat .
