  a good story has a catharsis . 
  basically , when you realize what this means for you , you can just implement it in your daily life . 
  learn the lesson toradora gave you from life . 
  this gave me a lot of hope ( uh maybe i can direct you to my post before in this sub ? ), 
  and maybe for you too . 
  i did not feel sad for a moment because the realization in me that i learnt something great was bigger . 
  alternatively look for fan videos and amv-s on youtube . 
  this one i liked a lot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq-ec4_xkic, 
  you absolutely do not need mana regen or plus mana other than sheen because of the passive , so tear is literally 750 gold wasted on an item thats about to build into a subpar item for eve . 
  do not recommend . 
  it really is since most of the other choices makes her e do way more . 
  a normal ap build with lichbane does 1.5 k minimum . 
  yes , it is a strong item , but you buy any more item and it becomes weaker . 
  a build should synergize with each other, 
  hm lol i 'm interested in thiy build now lol . 
  needs testing though, 
  it can work against some meatchups . 
  start dark seal , rush sheen . 
  then go lich + ludens + ionian boots + one cdr item ( morellos or nashors ) and dcap + void . 
  throw a mejais inbetween . 
  gunblade can be good if rushed , but delays maxing cdr . 
  you need cdr to roam ( ult cd is high , and you wan na e twice in a teamfight ), 
  `` there . 
  a veil '', 
  gives me goosebumps just thinking about it . 
  dub watcher detected  ( it 's baka-chan in the japanese version ), 
  do n't you mean startcraft2 ? 
  a new eve skin !, 
  no clothes . 
  just skin . 
  with a blender, 
  you are right , i dont know why i remembered that way, 
  do not , under any circumstances , buy anything from the machines anyways . 
  even if there is no scam it can swallow your change lol, 
  ( so that she looks like she 's a bride instead of a dancer ), 
  holy shit those are amazing, 
  wonderful . 
  like an uniquely made animation film, 
  / r/unexpected, 
  everyone is ? 
  holy shit , 100 + pages of nsfw stuff . . 
  it really isnt , honestly, 
  not everywhere are they not terrifying . 
  tyrael from . . you know where . . is pretty nicely done imo, 
  harder daddy, 
  yes ? 
  my choice of main champ has nothing to do with sexual attraction / s, 
  i dont think so ? 
  i use the rubberduck one . 
  i know right ? 
  it 's comically out of character , yet still in character . 
  humiliating to get defeated by a ducky . 
  and eve loves humiliation right ? 
  i had to look it up , it 's from pool party 2016 event apparently . 
  dfg eve with post-rework ult was broken as fuck with it . 
  ppl played her mid into anything, 
  no it was a real item back then . 
  shens used to rush it along with fon . 
  basically mejais for tanks, 
  shields, 
  sure , pair it with mejais on akali/eve and you got the terror again . 
  let 's add back leviathan also , while we are at it , for maximum stackage, 
  which one though ? 
  also , he was not having anyone give him money for a while , so teemo giving him money is a `` change in the situation '' , double pun, 
  yeah full eve build in s1 was mobi boots , wriggles , triforce , mejais , soto and ga lol . 
  good old times when i was able to solo tanks during the stun time ... mmmmm not broken at all :d, 
  i mean uh . . nevermind, 
  that 's a fanart of ryuuji and taiga from toradora . 
  a real wholesome anime actually . 
  can recommend it . 
  watch the after-credits scene in ep25, 
  yeah , made the ending a bit more . . sense . 
  ( not wanting to do spoilers here ), 
  it also , when painted white , reflects light exactly downwards on every point of the arch , creating a more efficient heaven-like effect when you look up in sunny weather . 
  edit : i meant sunlight coming through the holes on the very top of the arch . 
  like in the pantheon, 
  no , dominion, 
  a lot of loign screens available . 
  very danish name i see, 
  storm totem with the vitality upgrade . 
  i know , i forgot the / s sorry . 
  ww too i think, 
  you mean when they changed the damge to physical ? 
  sad day indeed , but at least it opened up an ad build, 
  yeah , but for me it was ok . 
  i was pissed more when they nerfed the ult from max health % to current health % . 
  before that you could just eqqqqqq and when they flash just ult them for execute . 
  i have no idea why they took away an execute method from an assasin lol . 
  i mean zed has it , lee has it . 
  lol, 
  how do you know his or her skin color ? 
  you mean how young, 
  no lol, 
  did you watch the after-crdits scene on the last episode ? 
  nice . 
  nice !, 
  or panth, 
  pretty sure there is none in buddhism , but as far as i remember my encounters with buddhism they dont even call themselves a religion, 
  or simply just cel - celibacy is self enforced in itself , isnt it ? 
  all i can see is penis fingers,
