  the vigilant recycler and the other perk for guns thatt enable hand load recipes are very good imo . 
  some hand load recipes are just basically 30 % more dmg ammo . 
  sometimes better , with like -15 enemy dt which is nuts . 
  does it work ? 
  i think i tried but didnt , does it mean it got patched or something ? 
  ( i 'm playing with all the dlc 's nothing more ), 
  not like it would matter with all the xp lying around , especially now that you pass all the skillchecks, 
   small frame, 
  so its basically 1 free character point yes ? 
  try four eyes , its basically +2 , you just have to find lucky shades, 
  imo the best laser based weapon in the game is pew pew . 
  pro tip : owb , honest hearts and probably lr quests xp scale with your level . 
  just take them later in the game and you are fine :d, 
  there is one star cap in almost every single minimap location ( and there are many , for exmaple wrecked highwayman , where the star bottlecap is the only real loot ), 
  also on the route to nipton you can get 7 from the guy who is in trouble with his girlfriend . 
  oh , and pickpocket holmes . 
  you can get 30 + in no time , then when you get the main quest that gives you the location of every `` tribe '' you get a lot of map locations so you can get the rest of the bottlecaps there , and those that are on the way . 
  for example on the way to mojave outpost there is a campground with one star cap , its just filled with radscorpions . 
  all in all , if you dont just always take the shortest way and look sround , you can find plenty . 
  yeah , but who doesnt wear glasses , cmon ... :d there is one right on the desk behind the doc when you create your char so you never lose that 1 per, 
  plus if you are into stat maxing you take the lucky shades anyways . 
  tho , if you are going for statmaxing , you will have every stat set to the point where it just meets the requirements , and the equipment bonuses are just so that they max out at 10 . 
  for example i usually set the luck for 8 on start ( implat + lucky shades = 10 ) and per to 6 ( implant + beret + shades + = 10 ), 
  with 6 base per i 'm able to get better criticals and sniper too . 
  melee characters cna do with less per . 
  you are the one who has to, 
  probably not . 
  just grind a s-51 , cgc , or t92 and spam prem he . 
  i 'm sorry dude , but this post has zero useful value . 
  even if you think it is , its because you got angry over it so you see ranting about it as being useful . 
  it 's how human brain works , always trying to justify the actions , even if they were mindless . 
  that being said i am obviously against this kind of behaviour and i do believe we should fight it , but certainly not in reddit , because it doesnt make sense . 
  all i can recommend instead at this moment is to either mute them or burn them in chat . 
  at least that way you have a little fun . 
  oh , by `` burn '' i meant , do a funny retort exposing them . 
  well not really , because we all know silas is right , because we all saw the evidence except this bigmouth over there . 
  it was more like `` prove me the sky is blue '', 
  its kind of weird , i thought they arent the same . 
  i have no trouble washing my face and hair every other day but i just cant bring myself to brush my teeth since august . 
  yeah . . 
  it also does positive things to the blood circulation from what i have heard , and it feels good, 
  well shit man , if that was hard for you , you should take a pride in it !, 
  doesnt matter that its easy for someone else . 
  being right to be proud of yourself , from what i have gathered , is a confidence builder . 
  better build self confidence this way than asserting dominance by bullying , or something, 
  i 'll add to that a little bit . 
  ( edit : by that i mean a lot , sorry for the wall of text i just feel like i can relate ), 
  have you ever felt so sad all of a sudden ? 
  did you notice what sadness made you do , not care about anything ? 
  for example , you just heard that someone you loved , died . 
  even if you are a strong-willed man you get into a state for several hours where the small things in life like taking out the trash seem pointless because you are suffering . 
  now , imagine you get up every single day like this , and every single thing around you reminds you of how shit your life is . 
  of course self confidence will go low . 
  have you ever felt so sad you dont want to eat ? 
  imagine that you feel like that every day . 
  now , here is the important thing . 
  take for example , eating . 
  depressed people realize they have to eat , but depending on how shit they feel they just might not . 
  after a while they realize its a vital function but they still need some mental energy to make themselves eat . 
  therefore they find the last bits of themselves somewhere , deep inside , to do this . 
  where i live we call this `` lift yourself by pulling your own hair '' . 
  thing is , its fucking exhausting and it seems harder every day . 
  it makes you prioritize . 
  soon you will only have energy for the important things . 
  no hobbies , no friends , no excersize , no longtime goals , just bodily functions eat up all your daily mental ( and sometimes physical ) energy . 
  in a situation like this , its depressing in itself so it is very hard to get out of the self - consuming loop . 
  if you manage to insert something less relevant into your day like op did with the face washing , it feels like you did a fucking marathon , won a battle all by yourself . 
  what is important that you have to grasp it and never let go , because little events like this build up confidence and thus mental energy to be a little happier next day . 
  weird how it is literal yet also somehow symbolic too, 
  i feel you . 
  i 've only managet to get 3 stars on 2 tanks ( well the t67 doesnt really count , eh ? , the other is s-51 ) and almost always when i got up to something like 94 % it was due to some extremely lucky session . 
  thing is , it takes your last 100 games into account so if you play a new game , a 101-game-old result will fall out from the sample . 
  so basically you have to perform way over your average in order to move the average a slightest bit . 
  for example my average damage in e25 over my last 100 games is over 84.63 % at the moment . 
  that means that my average game i do about 1600 damage . 
  that is over 2.5 k wn8 over 100 games straight . 
  problem with that is , one game where i cant concentrate due to being sleepy or something , make a small error and die having 0 dmg and lose game , now that will be a 100 wn8 game and it will bring down the average by something like 0.7 percent . 
  now , if i want to bring it up by the same amount i probably have to perform over my average by that same amount , meaning if i wan na farm 3 stars for example , thats 10 more percent , with .5 percent every game thats 20 games , so basically i need to perform over 4k wn8 every game for 20 games straight . 
  for a 1.5 k overall scrub like me this is an unrealistic goal and there is no shame in that . 
  what is more realistic that over time i just improve , perhaps swap out equipment ( i have to say switching from rammer camo bino to vents optics rammer forced me to play very differently in the e25 , and much better ) , small things and improve step by step . 
  but because i have more than 100 games ( 2548 to be exact ) in the e25 , my average damage will not seem to increase much . 
  it is perfectly normal for the average person to improve by less than 0.1 % every game in average . 
  game is not rigged , you have to be super consistent if you wan na improve fast and seeing that mm is against you sometimes ( what can you do in an e25 when you are against 10 tier 8 heavies in himmelsdorf ? ), 
  it is infinitely more realistic to just forget short-term goals . 
  tl ; dr : just play your best , results will come eventually, 
  i 'm curious , by session you mean day , hour or . . ? 
  out of experience , what is the average time you can visit your tank again with confidence in results ? 
  or , should i say , what is the cooldown of bad luck ? 
  also , gold ammo . 
  lots of gold ammo . 
  i remember spamming about 2 million credits worth of super he in my s-51 in one day in my 3rd mark grind run . 
  totally worth it , feels good when i occasionally get a compliment from an unicum . 
  side note , it took like 15 games with over 2.5 k avg dmg each, 
  well . . 
  i play on eu and in 26k games i never saw one ( i would remember ! ), 
  so i guess its fucking rare ? 
  in comparison i saw a-32 about 15 times , hydro about 20-25 times , v/iv about 10 times . . ( 220 , b2 and 2j doesnt really count as rare anymore ), 
  edit : my average tier is 6 and i played a lot of tier 3 games ( not so much nowadays ), 
  15 % xp for 3 hours ?? 
  wtf ?
