  peace, 
  * yawn * cool story bro, 
  actual food  kfc, 
  once i counted that on average i pressed q about 1 million times . 
  ( makes sense with 0.67 sec q cd on my main champ ), 
  because the hp is already there while the starting 15-20 armor is very low . 
  so basically with the armor runes they get more gold value for effective hp % increase than hp yellows . 
  50 % of the female champions would be either pornstar , or whore, 
  are you ponto ? 
  come on ... the sheriff of piltover, 
  although ad trist with morellos smells like bronze, 
  twitch, 
  his combo can oneshot ppl at any part of the game . 
  eh , pooor wording , i mean after your combo , the silence + slow duration is enough to kill them with w-buffed autos . 
  an ss officer usually has some firearms too , lol, 
  and i dont, 
  as a hungarian . . remember eger 1552 ? 
  this thread will get removed in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  anything you do . . 
  stream it . 
  anything is more epic with lol and beards, 
  check the frontpage first , slowpoke, 
  your *, 
  oh , and gtfo with your flame , please . 
  yes it has been posted already , although very long ago . 
  well you can always use the search function before posting , 
  i dont know , when i was 12 my grandma died from a heart attack and i and my 2 little brothers ( 10 and 6 at that moment ) were perfectly fine ( emotionally i mean ) with that . . 
  `` grandma died '' . 
  that is what all my parents said . . 
  ap gangplank ( especially in arams ), 
  ap mf ( ditto ), 
  ad malz ( not really good vs aoe champs ), 
  my personal favourite is full ap nunu :d e has 1:1 ratio and good base value + low cooldown . 
  good to see he learned the importance of nashors . 
  maybe this ? 
  0:45 is what you are talking about i think, 
  or lie :d, 
  i think they should increase the % dmg on the passive and completely take away the as . 
  that way it will worth only if you have some as boost , which many ad carries have , or a pd ( again , ad carry stuff ) . 
  or , make the % dmg scale with your ad or be able to crit . 
  or qss/cleanse the randuins lol, 
  what about lee sin , does the active works with lee passive ? 
  ( like tiamat ), 
  i think twitch can build zephyr , cleaver , lw , mallet , hurricane now and be some `` secondary carry '' like jayce ? 
  the cdr , as i experienced , really helps to apply that e more , and ratty needs attackspeed to apply stacks before e casts . 
  i played many jungle twitch in season 2 and it worked as a semi-bruiser type ( mallet , wits end , old cleaver ) i think this type can be viable . . ( or can it ? ), 
  this is not dyrus , jeez . . 
  and it was worth reading  thanks for sharing, 
  i meant the active, 
  so much ap ratios ... 
  i 'd go with eve, 
  oh , how can i forget ... my bad, 
  because he is adding nothing to the discussion = worthy of downvotes ... 
  damn , siv used to be funny . . 
  u forgot manamune lawl, 
  so good on ad kass  not to mention gauntlet, 
  another plot twist : now that everyone knows his name , duo q-ers will troll so the other can dodge for skins :d, 
  both are spinning clockwise ... for me at least, 
  another brag thread , at least to me it seems like one, 
  sorry to poop on the party , but why is this shit upvoted ? 
  how comes it is relevant ? 
  what makes you think we care ? 
  what a pussy , man up . 
  it is not even funny . . 
  what tips ? 
  from a guy who is already quitting ? 
  i mean , there are like 200 + ppl redding above your level which i can easily access , and from all the things that make you special you chose `` i quit '' ? 
  seriously ? 
  it 's like `` i 'm gon na kill myself in 10 minutes , ama '', 
  because it takes space from more relevant stuff, 
  no no no , i mean , people on reddit have a very short attention span and the most appealing thing to many people is this , and not some esports article . 
  so the real content suffers, 
  i fucking dropped it, 
  i got it too . 
  with a postcard of gp . 
  guess they looked at ranked winrates os played games . 
  what makes it surprising that they sent it all over the seas to hungary . 
  makes me feel that i 'm not in some far corner of the world nobody thinks of . 
  teemo main detected, 
  sarcasm detector of yours , needs a battery change, 
  well right now , winning chances are proportional to the amount of blade of the ruined king in your team , apparently, 
  bad faceswap is bad, 
  obviously karthus ult . 
  imagine a manamune ie karthus, 
  maybe the lp `` lag '' bug caused you to think you entered promotion series when in reality you entered it one game later . 
  eve main/enthusiast here . 
  for runes you dont need ms quints ; just take w at level 2 . 
  you can use quints depending on matchup , i use flat ap for the extra offense , but hp regen/mr/mpen also works . 
  you will not be autoattacking much as your q is higher range and you always want to attack with near-maxrange q-s so you can disengage with w whenever you feel like . 
  so no ad , no armorpen . 
  ad build exists - but remember you got ta be way closer to autoattack and you need to constantly macro an ap eve anyway to mitigate damage . . imagine with ad . . just no . 
  if ever someone goes ad he needs tankiness to do so . 
  eve is an assasin , not a poke/sustain mage . 
  her sustained damage is q which is for hunting down targets , not to poek them . 
  so no liandris . 
  instead pick up an early tear to combat the high mana costs and upgrade it later to seraphs . 
  i 'd say u can go guise but dont upgrade it , but mostly i rush dfg/dcap/zhonyas anyway . 
  one more note , if you are toplane or against a toplaner and you feel the laning phase will last longer , you can rush sunfire . 
  it will fall off late game but very good early ; possibly it can get you kills enough to justify selling it later . 
  eve 's problems now are the high early manacosts and her dmg is not so high now that she can 100-0 someone with base dmg and a couple dorans .
