  rammer , vents , and optics to maximize dpm and wiew range . 
  at the beginning you can scout for initial spots , then snipe a bit , then at the end clean up . 
  i wonder if that panther airshot was staged . . 
  im more worried about the 4 tier 7 tanks who got nothing but upper tier tanks as enemy to shoot at . 
  wait a minute , if i read that correctly , xvm now needs our password too ? 
  is that secure ? 
  or even legit ? 
  too bad we see through the thinly veil of your bragging attempt, 
  weird , installed the mod now above every tank i just see squares . . 
  it has preferential matchmaking so it is always top tier which is very nice . 
  top 1k on na server , top 6k on eu server tho . 
  8/10 but the teeth are 9.5, 
  i did , i see stats , when i press tab . . 
  but in , for example , sniper mode , i see 3 squares over an enemys tank , i think its some font issue, 
  didnt find any  . <, 
  this is so beautiful, 
  the dpm with the 57 mm gun is comparable to . . e25 levels . 
  it 's almost broken . . you can rape emils on their reload time, 
  to grind out a tier 8 tank . 
  cry more . 
  your tears are delicious . 
  - an fv304 player . 
  e25 in t7 games is even more ridiculous , the 360 wiew range is really good . 
  you can rape ises unspotted ... 
  as well as credits . 
  sonce it has good wiew range and camo it can toon with regular t7s , or even higher , it can easily scout in t10 games if you know what you are doing . 
  also the gun is capable of penetrating , for example , t110e5 weakspot , unspotted . 
  you arent going to do 2k dmg in a t10 game but you can make 100k credits after a good scout run . 
  i got 12k games , 1200 in the e25 and i can safely say , best gold ever spent . 
  i enjoy every minutes of playing . 
  not sure about the 122-44 's gun though . 
  it is wayyy more inaccurate than e25 's . 
  then remove all the tank destroyers too , please . 
  its not wrold of tank destroyers . 
  wooooooooooooosh, 
  can you provide a screenshot ? 
  we might be able to see something other minuscule sign that can help identify the issue . 
  50 mm has bad accuracy , so i would jsut go full gold and fire as soon as the ai mcircle is in a reasonably small size :d, 
  at least thats what i did with the leopard with the same gun . 
  i tihnk i have about 56-59 % winrate in it . 
   ot remotely a `` woosh '' ... you did n't make a joke . 
  yes i did , you just suck at getting it . 
  hence the woosh, 
  yeah back when gunblades stacked . . mmm 5 gunblade lichbane morde was the shit . 
  i dont care what do i prove to you . 
  if i say whoosh please respect me enough that you dont take the liberty to judge whether i made an actual joke or not . 
  most of the people complaining about arty before the great arty nerf went on to complain about td ( wich arty used to counter ) . 
  so i said remove tds as a reference to these people wanting to remove tds right after the arty nerf . 
  make this a series , it is really funnny , 
  i 'm hunting the conqueror gc as the only tank i need for the expert for like 4 months . . 
  not just the front , if you turn the turret to shoot someone else the sides area easily penetrable with 150 pen . . from 400 + meters . 
  in the e25 , kv3 is my food , i just aim for the turret side, 
  man i love this thread, 
  mmmm delicious tears, 
  i was being honest ... and i didnt dw anything . . wtf ? 
  your accent is wonderful . 
  yeah they should have went proper historical values on the wte100 . 
  it really needs the 10 shell autolader . 
  you should crosspost it to / happy !, 
  people would love to read that, 
  yeah playing with the fcm forced me to learn a lot of map knowledge . . 
  yes , i am using win xp . 
  i 'll search for the calibri , thanks, 
  what is bf4 ? 
  you mean broken-as-shit dpm . 
  foch155 has apcr no ? 
  i think you should adda few tanks that are fully capable of scouting , like the e25 and the alecto . 
  9.0 didnt bring much changes for the meta , i think its more like people learned to adjust . 
  some key positions arent so strong anymore ( arctic region left spawn td camp spot comes to mind ), 
  most likely / r/mapporn though , or / r/dataisbeautiful, 
  it also broke projectiles if you timed it right , you scould flash a sion stun for example, 
  weird . 
  if you check the numeral prefixes , all of them are greek except for the quadra which is latin ( greek version would be `` tetra '' ), 
  that was after nerf . 
  release caitlyn ult gave vision and applied on hit effect iirc . 
  you could get a pentakill with tiamat that way . . 
  nothing beats the stock borsig . 
  also stock gun on hellcat has similar dpm but less pen , can work sometimes . 
  sent an application , hope there arent many ready-to-go esports pro writers out there to overtake me :d, 
  yup . 
  yeah . noticed when playing vs him as gangplank . 
  once the shield popped it was harder to anticipate his remaining hp , even though the shield didnt absorb anything but my passive dmg . 
  correction . 
  whenever someone clicks q/w/e / r and it has an effect . 
  when i play eve and i have to spam q i click it at least 10 times a second even though it has way longer cd than that . 
  i wouldnt want kass to gain an e stack every .1 secs ... 
  or gangplank . . yarrr, 
   el relevant . 
   it 's not wilful ignorance of the outside world , or the spouse affected . 
  it 's a coping mechanism to try and feel better when things are bad , or feel bad . 
  exactly . 
  you could do that on wiki too, 
  sigh . 
  there should be a rule against reposts . . 
  brb rebuying my t-43, 
  this superstructure doesnt look very thought out ... 
  suck to run the game on a potato eh, 
  and 9 more shots, 
  steel wall + patrol duty in t18 , invader in pak40 , but my favourite is a kolobarnov in my su-14-1 :d, 
  bounce a clip from a low tier autoloader like t1 from a failplatoon then bounce something like a 150mm borsig ap round ( low pen ) at least that is how i did it on the is6 once,
