  4 . yes but yi outpushes fizz early which is really bad for fizz , this is the same reason morde counters him, 
  when i plan to pick yi . . 
  fuck that shit . 
  vi too , although its easier , yi is cleanup and vi is initiation or anticarry , so in soloq i just wait until vi ults something else then go . 
  or if vi waits me then its up to someone else to initiate . 
  fiddle , fiddle fiddle fuck that champion . 
  luckily not many people play him mid, 
  7 . a good yi stay back when he meditates for lane sustain lol . 
  so you need really long distance stuns like . . sion , ahri . . nidalee might be working but other than the spears she doesnt stand a chance 1v1 vs yi , and not that useful in teamfights especially yi has a comp around him :d, 
  pick a champ that both has sustain and interrupt . 
  ahri , fiddle are good examples . 
  you have to build resistances early though . 
  oh , and forget hard runing mr. he can smack you with e ( this is why i love to go against galios . . i just pick my hybridpen page an laugh at his 20 armor with my q into duobly strike . ), 
  as ahri for example i would more likely go chalice to rylais . 
  if picked vs you . 
  abuse his very long cooldowns early . 
  for this you can play yi yourself to get a feeling of this ... yes he can get 4 cs with q but then you zone him for 10 seconds for 5-6 lost cs . 
  if you can . 
  use early mr but not a lot . 
  a good coordinated team can make yi 's day bad . 
  split up in teamfights so he doesnt hit you with reset . 
  or fight between minions so maybe it hits them instead of you . 
  if he doesnt get reset , all he has is a sheen or lichbane so if you survive his burst you are good . 
  use your imagination . 
  probably he told many people to fuck their relatives . 
  you can also flash lux q lol . 
  i remember doing it with tryndamere , then spinning to win after she flashed . 
  can be the same with yi q. 
  you mean malady, 
  i got reproted multiple times for ruining peoples games in coop vs ai . 
  although i can imagine a nunu rushing mejais runnig around timing his e and r , with 35 kills under 20 minutes , can be pretty detrimental to your game experience . 
  yeah althought a lot of champion mechanics has strong connection to game mechanics . 
  for example i learned to kite in bot games , but for sometimes , i learned it in normals . 
  the only exception is gangplank , i learned how to orbwalk with him in rankeds , but that was at the time when i already had 200 games on him lol, 
  for me , bots are for ip, 
  normals are for trolling ( ap ashe , you maddddd ? ), 
  arams for fun, 
  ranked is my life ( it was only half kidding ), 
  inb4 no one gives a shit about that overused ( and terrible ) joke anymore, 
  i mean . . you havent lost a single game !, 
  so . . you didnt see kung foot ? 
  lucy in the sky with diamonds !, 
  he might stun him and then backdoor, 
  i got banned for 2 weeks for much less , where is the justice . 
  ps : http://euw.leagueoflegends.com/tribunal/en/case/771474/#nogo, 
  here is my case , i dont think it should be punished either . . 
  by saying sion stun is long range interrupt i mean you can safely tank a few hits with shield to stun him so your `` influence range '' is high , not he actual range . 
  whereas , for example a taric stun is a little bit less safe . 
  this will get downvoted probably . 
  but the problem is that the tribunal is working as intended . 
  the makers of it didnt have a slightest clue about the psychological effects and the situation . 
  yes . 
  it is working as intender but the intention is wrong . 
  it forces good players to swallow insults . 
  imagine if a player wishes to rip your throat at 1 min of the game , how good is the rest 30 min for you ? 
  i dont give a shit about reporting . 
  it jsut makes me cry i have to swallow things like that because `` let tribunal sort it out he will get banned . 
  i meet this kind every single fucking game . 
  ok then i provide another example that can not be `` solved '' by the mute button . 
  jungler starts taknig blue , stops at 100 hp , waits me then smites it . 
  meanwhile i lose creep at mid because i had to go to blue because jungler pinged it . 
  another example is intentional feed because `` i called mid first '' . 
  well i dotn want to mute them right at the start ... 
  not really , 90 % of silver games last 40 min + because no one knows how to press advantage . 
  plus , for example someone says something to me in chat then reports me coz i didnt do what i say , then how benefical muting is for me ? 
  i 'll get reported and tibunal will even have `` proof '' because chatlogs dont state i muted him . 
  no what i meant is , the guy who flames me will 99 % report me and if i mute him the tribunal will probably punish me . . 
  op must have missed this so hard . . 
  it is yoda lol . 
  i have a feeling he went to tsm for money . 
  his epik days were more fun, 
  context pls ? 
  time to feeeeeeed !, 
  i thought there are no * people * in bronze v. . 
  yeah except he doesnt feed ? 
  lol, 
  ah , thanks . 
  its not proof , the nuber can be altered very easy . 
  also you said you played over 80k normal games and you have 86k wins that would mean at least 100k if not160k games , why didnt you wrote that number in the title ? 
  unless you won all games . 
  either case i call bullshit . 
  give us real proof lol, 
  rengar , sion and poppy . 
  ( how funny they all intended to be bruisers but they can be played ap ), 
  for one second, 
  god please , xj9 is a fucking kiddo . 
  the last person i want to see pictured as a professional gamer . 
  he plays good tho . 
  i 'm confused , are you calling me kiddo because i couldnt care enough to learn your language ? 
  lol i wan na see a teemo 1v3ing at level 3, 
  i think he sucks even in 1v1 . 
  at least versus the more versatile champs like jayce . 
  with metal in background . 
  time to shreddddd, 
  and poop-y on sr ? 
  yeah and in champ select no one will pick skillshots or aoe cc against him right ? 
  yeah you did . 
  ok : were you against lcs participants ? 
  you are right . 
  and as a last pick teemo can work for sure .
