  overall i have about 4500-5000 games ( got about 1600 normals and 800 dominion ), 
  where is blitz_bot when we need him :d, 
  stop telling me what to play . 
  holy shit , i was expecting some baron steal or something . . but this . . just . . no words, 
  no i was referring to the reddit user named blitz_bot . 
  he used to comment on threads like this , roleplaying blitz, 
  lost my shit on the lee sin one :d, 
  what about lifesteal quints + dorans blade ? 
  it serves me well in solo queue . . 
  mundo would like to have a word , with his cleavers doing ~ 400 dmg each to dragon, 
  shyvana doesnt need wriggles , does she ? 
  the thing is , i wo n't lose trades with 12 % lifesteal at level 1 . . not to mention the extra hp and dmg ... 
  i 'm supporting the idea , but that would mean it 's unfair from me to play with you guys , 
  so all i can do is to comment and upvote . 
  that is true . 
  my point though , is that if you know that you will not lose trades ( for example and enemy support is lux/nid/gp , enemy is bad , low elo , etc ) then dorans is superior to win lane . 
  i 'm hovering around 1200-1300 elo and here the meta is : kill everyone fast and get fed on kills , not cs . 
  so it 's better to get champs that can easily win lanes ( mf , maokai , soraka , ) , and champs that can snowball hard on kills ( kassa , akali , fizz , vayne ) , or champsion that have free damage and `` only '' need to build tankiness to win ( sorta ww , mundo ) if you want to win games . 
  honestly , i tried a shitload of builds ( the one in the video too ) and mine is very different from siv 's but i think both could work . 
  i went more for a carry build :, 
  now the 2 last item should be : triforce + gunblade , bt+ga or bt + any mana defensive item . 
  very late game , sell manamune for bt . 
  the kicker is , i max cdr by only boots and going 13/17/0 , giving me 12 % cdr from masteries , and my runeset is cdr/lvl enough to get near the cap ( 39 , 6 % without bluepot iirc ) , and all the rest is ad/lvl making sure to get ready to utilise last whisper to the fullest . 
  how i never lost any lane with these runes is beyond me though . 
  it aims for the late/mid game , although i had some sick plays with full flat ad and full armr pen pages , they had proven to be overkill . 
  siv 's build , imo , wastes an item slot on bruta , doesnt need gunblade because endgame you wont get any spellvamp from the low dmg u do with spells ( no penetration , very low ap and all your spells are dot or aoe except q ), 
  i 'm fond ( more like obsessed ) with weird builds , but i think it 's legit . 
  edit : only drawback is , when you ult , you have to make sure voidling is very near , or they take the full duration of ult just to come closer to your target ... annoying, 
  jungle is risky imo , it 's like warwick - better on top with farm because he has utility , but ganks are shitty without ulti and even though it 's somewhat easy to get back if you fall behind , the skillset implies carrying , be it ap or ad . 
  ( tried a blitz-like tankahar build for lulz , that was my first malz quadra lol ), 
  weird , i remember buying taric with ip at champselect . 
  if op is correct it 's impossible , so i must have been dreaming lol, 
  lol you made my day :d, 
  warmogs giving 100 ap !!, 
  that eve sucked dick , sorry to say that, 
  maybe i should get rid of crit anyway , going like, 
  boots mm, 
  frozen heart banshee, 
  and go for 21/9/0 , idk , will try, 
  but honestly , i do n't know if i can get better dps with it since after all my spells are gone i will aa anyway , might as well crit some ? 
  galio is a tanky ap carry . . like malphite or amumu, 
  no , i mean they are ap carries . 
  for real . 
  alex ich buys deatchap on malph , and so do i , 
  for mumu , he is a suicide grenade like karthus . 
  ( no one plays tank mumu anymore , and as stonewall stated he can be played like a zombie karthus because his ap ratios are sick . ), 
  check them at the wiki , they are a bit better than you think . 
  this is possibly wrong . 
  if riot works the same mechanism with all the similar skills , that would mean malzahar 's e is not doing more damage if you level up . 
  in reality , countless times when i leveled up e during it doind gamage to my lane opponent , it did more damage with the remaining ticks . 
  ( not to mention it immediately did more dmage as i leveled up , since i had ap/lvl runes ) . 
  this should be applied to the shrooms i think ... 
  what makes you think that . . ? 
  twitch is ranged ... 
  `` is your face hurt ? '', 
  `` cuz i think it just got rolled ! '', 
  liquid :, 
  [ indivision - secret vision ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fvzij9yjwc ), 
  and all the remaining indivision tracks lol, 
  thanks , whiny bitches , i couldnt watch the video , and now it 's deleted because of your nitpicking shit . 
  tb for president !, 
  ( @tb : haters gon na hate , dont mide the trolls carry on ), 
  just played a panth game recently , everything went fine ... 
  is that a question ? 
  i never ever played riven and bought the battle bunny skin on release day ... like 30 minutes after enabling . 
  i 's so awesome it makes you only want to play riven ... 
  both the same to me . . i honestly dont give a fuck . . 
  i use firefox and 3 or 4 differend adblockers so it feels exactly the same . 
  pikachu kennen, 
  just a few more ideas from the top of my head ... 
  yup . 
  exactly, 
  erm . . handling trolls in the postgame chat is a bit too late , is n't it ? 
  reminds me of those old flash comic videos which i used to laugh on . 
  good job , 
  because your outstanding attitude surely affect this community in a very positive way ... 
  okay this last one wasnt really needed, 
  what is your ad malz build ? 
  hm ... did you consider an urgot-like cdrmaxing build ? 
  since you will need max cdr to have 3 lings at once ... 
  i had some successes as a glass cannon crit ad but someone said they dont crit and you gon na spend your aa time to spam spells so no need to get crits for aa either . 
  so i went manamune bt lw , but won all games so idk what to build endgame . 
  :d thats why i asked . 
  also , how exactly ap trynd plays out ? 
  i mean teamfight skill combo , what to do etc. 
  ( since trynds e is all physical damage and scales with crit , have you considered buying phantoms and a lw ? ), 
  holy shit , why do you make a big fucking deal about it . . just fucking get over it if she ignores you afterwards . 
  you had a good night , get over the girl and stop philosophing about it ... jeez, 
  i 'll try to give an advice about the suicide part , because i was near it too and this helped . 
  beware it may be rough . 
  you want to suicide ? 
  i mean , life gives you lemons and you just suicide ? 
  just fucking give up ? 
  yes , it 's all mental , so get some balls like i did and just think positive . . or else they should write `` pussied out '' to your grave . 
  again , yes i know it was kinda rough , but couldnt use other words to keep the motivation value . 
  came here to say that , this is indeed 100 % a trolling premade team reporting for fun . 
  wish there was a punish reporter button for this . 
  i think it 's shen . 
  with the recent nerfs he is not that op but not so bad either . 
  also . . `` balance in all things '',
