  play the rock in the jungle or top ), 
  warwick says hi, 
  your hair matches your personality and your face too , meaning that i think you look like what you are , no lies . 
  i like it, 
  you might wan na transfer your old acc , lol, 
  genja doesnt speak english . . ? 
   i would do angelina jolie, 
  ftfy, 
  i dont know man , i think caitlyn hardcounters her , lol, 
  haha yeah . 
  people freaked out when i picked eve top vs yorik . 
  they freaked out even more when i went aegis philo . 
  then they trolled when i bought a sunfire . 
  thankfully i was 7-0 and carried ^ ^, 
  you look like an experienced akali main , what about a mallet instead of rylias ? 
  better slow ( more reliable too , after ult you get a free auto anyway . . ) , better dmg on autos ( coz the extra ad on mallet scales with ap ) , the only thing i feel like missing is the 80 ap for ult ? 
  but i guess with mallet i can chase forever, 
  this idea wins , we need to keep the randomness of tha game . 
  good point . 
  the 30 ad also scales to a shit ton of magic dmg ( idk , about 100 ? ), 
  lategame thanks to the % dmg ap scaling on his passive , which i buy it for . 
  but i wont buy it anymore , great insight . 
  wtf is this , and how did it get so many upvotes ? 
  i got like 200 images like this , all done by me ... does that mean i could reap a bit of karma with tem ? 
  yes . 
  but the more ad she has , the more magic dmfg she will do . 
  lets asssume she got 40 % magic dmg on her autos . 
  she got 100 ad , she will do 140 dmg, 
  if you buy 50 ad for her , she will do 210 damage . 
  imo depends on the champs , i dont see how froggen could beat me with no-runes eve when i 'm playing ryze, 
  edit : for nitpickers : i dont say he cant beat me - i just dont see it, 
  yeah . . people calling others retards ... why . . ? 
  i dotn believe in riot that they could do an animated movie . 
  i would pay for a hollywood movie though ... 
  not even yi . 
  if you play level 1 yi ( i did it , many times ) you might have to put points in meditate earlier , reducing your kill potential with getting points away from e. ( normal yi jungle skill order is qeqeqrqe etc. ), 
  and you heal with pots . 
  if you start with cloth to offset that , you still take more damage in jungle coz your clearspeed is much slower from not being able to start machete . 
  not even mentioning that without level 2 e you get very low on redbuff = no early gank . 
  i have to agree with you , to a certain extent . 
  for some people ( in this case : emotionally sensivite ) it might be better to not have a strict number to show as they tend to overreact when they see how many elo they lost . 
  ( presonal experience ... ) the new system maybe . . maybe can be better than the old for people who are extremely demotivated from a single loss . 
  for me , i dont know . 
  i feel very bad when i lose , but feel very good when i win , maybe the new system will `` grey out '' a bit . 
  for the avergae though , i 'm sure it will be better . 
  i predict a little bit less trolls . 
  stuns , or displacements . 
  also , dont stay near your minions . 
  you can spam / t, 
  ftfy, 
  she has the same voice actor as eve btw . 
  that might explain, 
  imagine ezreal with taric voice !, 
  yup , ppsh . 
  sweet cod2 days . 
  i know before though , for my granddad used to have one , lol, 
  my granddad called it `` davaj guitar '', 
  your mom 's op !, 
  i just pick olaf . 
  probably , sorakas ghost gives mr to the team ^ ^, 
  ye but costs a shitton too, 
  just play more lol, 
  i got 20k ip and got all champs and runes , idk where to spend, 
  just have an empty rune and mastery page ? 
  riot . 
  pls . 
  yes they do , remember party pool ziggs and astronautilus ? 
  i disagree . 
  she is basically the female malzahar , very skill intensive champion , a well-timed stun can easily catch enemies offguard . 
  without stun she has no damage though ( against a gapcloser assassin like akali , for example ) . 
  malz at least can wq himself if he sees a jump animation cast . 
  what i 'm saying is that assassins are having a good time vs syndra , yes , but they arent hardcounter as syndra has the ability to get ahead of them and keep the lead . 
  you need champs that have good early damage and snowball hard , plus versatile enough . 
  top : jax , jayce , darius ( elise , olaf ), 
  mid : not sure now with all the nerfs and buffs but i can tell eve , kat and khazix are pretty strong still . 
  also , ahri/malz/anivia have pretty good roaming potential which you will need if you want to `` carry scrubs '' . 
  jungle : nocturne , mundo ,, 
  support : anything with cc, 
  mf ult is so broken you rush a bc and a lw and all you need is a ga and stack ad after . 
  he has a very high skill cap but also very rewarding to play . 
  i 'd go for mundo , he is much easier to play . 
  so . . you found jesus ? 
  - the e range is about the same as an autoattack so you almost always able to sneak in an auto after you cast e to harass . 
  - the first tick of w dot procs instantly and casts almost always instantly , great to snipe low hp people if you dont have other tools to do so , as it has a little bit more range than ur auto/e . 
  - q hitbox is waaaay bigger than it shows . 
  cast it behind the enemy so he has tho choose between getting silenced or facelaz0red . 
  - you can use summoner spells while ulting , but ignite has a bit more range than it . 
  it also has a short casting time , during that the target can move a bit further than the max range ult , but still gets ulted . 
  if you try to ignite then , it will break the ult as he will be outside of ignite range so you will have to move first . 
  ( maybe i worded this one badly , not native , sorry ), 
  - voidlings has the same ad and armorpen as you despite what their tooltip shows , so early armor pen/ad doesnt hurt , as a well-placed voidling at level 1-4 can do triple the damage of any of your spells . 
  many malzahar firstbloods are more than 50 % physical damage . 
  ( personally i use hybridpen runes on malz , i think its definitely worth it - his autoattack range is 550 , can harass well vs lower range mids ), 
  - at the start of the game you only need to cast your q twice , spending 8 seconds on the fountain , to charge up your passive . 
  most likely you use the third q to help your jungler or against invaders , so the fourth cast can proc the passive in lane . 
  this way you can almost immediately go with your team when needing to invade . 
  ( instead of charging up 3 times which uses 16 seconds , implying that you levelup and cast q immediately after spawning ), 
  also , when you use clone , just have some man balls and control the clone behind you , they wont expect the real shaco to tank all the free damage . 
  works only once per game though, 
  cassio 's ult is the prefect disengage tool ,
