  spellvamp not useful , 70 % of your damage is aoe . 
  you got burst , a liitle bit of tankiness ( usually abyssal zhonas ) is enough . 
  avoid buidling lost of hp , you got shield so resists are better . 
  dfg : not really needed only if you go for burst . 
  but eve has nerfed raio on ult so its better played ( imo ) as a half burst-half sustaineddps hero : abyssal zhonyas , rabadon void and last item depends on situation : ga , dfg if you need endgame burst , but 90 % of the time i prefer archangels and go for the doubleshield ( ult + seraph ) ) lategame . 
  side notes : ad eve is shit , mpen tank ( triple pen to warmogs sunfire ) is ok but falls off , rylais only if they got multiple jumps so your team can catch up to the escaping enemy ( ahri khazic etc ), 
  you can play toplane vs any hero just build more tankiness . 
  i usually go tear to abyssal sunfire to ap in toplane . 
  avoid firstpicking her in lane , not really op , many counters now . 
  source : 1k + eve games thruogh 3 seasons . 
  nope . 
  wont happen lol, 
  well indeed , i meant for laning phase . 
  kat has more mobility and more damage so she has more killing potential in lane . 
  however , as eve you might have more teamfight presence as eve 's ult is instand and she has good sticknig power with w whereas kat ult is largely position/team reliant . 
  overall , kat can give eve a tough time . 
  another thing : pitotrek actually used bad build and it was qualityplayer who showed how ap trynd should be played . 
  hate is not an opinion, 
  its emotinal attachment . 
  opinion would be if you would say `` he is good '' or `` he is bad '' , something about his attributes . 
  but disliking is an emotion ( or feeling , dont know exact word coz in hungary we use the same so vocabulary doesnt help ) therefore it should be kept to yourself excet it has meaning . 
  in this case it is not relevant . 
  for example , i kinda like athene but i wont go on forums defending him when he does some bullshit trolling , because it would be biased . 
  my `` opinion '' about athene is not really `` tied '' to how i like him or not . 
  in fact i think he is doing it wrong but meh . 
  i hope you get what im saying ? 
  i dont want to be offensive . 
  i 'm pretty sure its an age thing . 
  ask people who you look up to . . wise people . 
  i have a bburago version . . and i will not rest in peace until i own a real one, 
  no shit, 
  can you kids can please stop sucking dunkey 's dick ? 
  aww : < 3, 
  yeah . . i always shed a tear when they use champs intended to be carries . . in jungle . 
  for utility . 
  that is like forcing a beast in chains for a circus act . 
  he is still frightening but not dangerous , 
  that said i like to play jungle eve . 
  lack of cs ? 
  i just get real fed and carry anyway :d, 
  0/10 try harder, 
  man please . . dont waste your worthy energy to a troll . 
  pls . 
  go play a game instead and make ur teammates happy . 
  this one is not worth your time . 
  i 'm a freak like that . 
  remember , i mained eve for 3 years . . what were you expecting :d, 
  what lyrics lol, 
  veigar killing himself with ult :d, 
  does it matter ? 
  they were all in skype or something anyway, 
  quick buy lottery asap, 
  unfortunately yours is shit . 
  all aboard the poo train !!, 
  i have teleport because i like to backdoor, 
  the ult has particles below him in the ground in the original skin . . how about spilled water makes him `` can not be slowed ! '', 
  how about l2p instead, 
  malzahar 's original lore mentions desert so in context he should look like a beduin or something like that, 
  i disagree , his sindra plays are so funny . 
  i learned a lot from it . 
  dfg ults too strong, 
  i think its a personality he `` wears '' as a cover for his `` show '' although it can have realistic reasons to assume he is similar irl . 
  probably he used to be an asshole but now he is less assholish and his douchy moves are more like jokes . 
  i can confirm annie is pretty common right now across silver all the way up to lower gold, 
  `` my ult is longer than yours trololo '', 
  tp smite yi all day long, 
  well if your `` opinion '' makes no sense then it will get downvoted . 
  no reason to cry lol, 
  if you want to farm karma / r/aww is your place, 
   they wo n't adapt, 
   khazix flair, 
  you are just saying lol in other words . 
  gtfo, 
  * yawn * cool story bro, 
  for shits and giggles, 
  wel not for the voiceover thats for sure, 
  nunu can solo it at min 4, 
  3 ad carry + support darius mid , shen top . 
  we won, 
  very high percentage of game knowledge comes with practice , or playing with/against people who play better . 
  i had the pleasure of tasting plat elo soloq ( being silver myself ) , and i can tell it is a whole new world . 
  i learned more in 5 games than the month before . 
  so , what i suggest is : instead of getting a `` coach '' , seek out either :, 
  plat + players who are willing to smurf duo q with you, 
  or silver players who have good game knowledge ( quite a few has good mechanice or undestanding , and im speaking of personal experience ) and maybe you guys can correct each others mistakes . 
  i like to think that i have good game knowledge but being silver i 'm probably a bit ... away from the truth . 
  but i 'm a silver myself so what can you lose ? 
  i 'm willing to help if you are interested . 
  i wonder what they are talking about . . 
  `` hey guys , did you have a heart attack too ? '', 
  why ? 
  they can just end it in 6 min lol, 
  i like how you captioned every picture with the champs :d, 
  ^ ( like we cant identify :d ), 
  still get countered by spawn soraka :d, 
  what are you talking about , people playing the shit out of dominion , there is a whole dominion community, 
  hue, 
  and how many people is that ?? 
  i bet it more than 50k, 
  wow fuck you guys , i wont sleep for the next 3 days,
