  how is that colorful ? 
  i see only 4 colors, 
  have you seen nasus dance ? 
  the key to immortality . 
  i think he snowballs way harder than ap tryndamere, 
  i think he went into the minions to heal off from them , it looked legit, 
  also ap rengar didnt have a 4 sec cd stun, 
   regardless , he is the loving husband of susan storm, 
   invisible woman , real name susan `` sue '' storm richards and also known as invisible girl, 
  call it what you want but she is the wife of mr. 
  so she is technically mrs. 
  fantastic , they just call her on other names, 
  sorakabot season 1 anyone ? 
  if charm is going to increase all dmage done to the target can we see ahri as adc ? 
  true damage and on.demand self-peel taunt combined with a high mobility and a good autoattack animation was tempting already ( genja used it sometimes ), 
  everything is food for faker, 
  more : shaco should be joker ... 
  they even have the same voice actor . 
  it would be foolish to not squeeze everything you can out of this thing . 
  you produced something valuable , if anything , for representation purposes . 
  my english is most definitely incorrect . 
  sorry for that . 
  i jsut want to say , apply to a lot of scholarships/jobs/etc with this , it has lot of potential, 
  he has more , his joke is an altered quote from conan iirc, 
   evelym - catherine zeta-jones, 
  she is 20 years too old for that role tbh, 
  i dont think she will be out for the anniversary like fiddle was , but a nice idea nonetheless . 
  i 'm all in ofr any eve skin really ( christmas eve , anyone ? ), 
  you should shave your moustache , its not strong enough yet imo, 
  edit : nevermind . 
  well that was my first impression so . . uh . . it is ? 
  ad mids usually lose very hard pre6 too . . so even witout ult malz beats them, 
  gladiator is a joke sin , the axes are so . . uh, 
  i dont really think so as even pre6 malz can time the voidling . 
  also , for this reason i use ad marks , really good trade for the loss of 9 mpen, 
  yes , but ad marks do more damage early , especially with the voidling . 
  also helps me not to push lane pre5 with spells . 
  ad purely early game , mpen purely lategame and i think i have enough lategame potential with dfg+w that i can omit the mpen marks . 
  hybridpen runes , imo , are for champs that have consistent damage thorught all stages of the game in both damage types ( nidalee for example ) because they fall off hard in terms of gold value if you only use the armorpen early game, 
  no you didn , t. 
  whoops , i stand corrected . 
  fml, 
  well l2bladder in time, 
  mouz blorn as cassio in an aram , he lost ( our tanks , my olaf for example , got fed ), 
  yellowpete as support evelynn , also aram ( these two games were season 1 ), 
  chaox on his euw smurf on ahri ( i have a video of that : http://v.youku.com/v_show/id_xmzmyodu4nty4.html i was the eve . . it was long ago okay ? 
  vman on karma in a dominion game when both of us were leveling smurf :d, 
  and a french lcs player on shaco , dont remember which , he was dominating us . 
  ad kass jungle !, 
  decent clear , as steroid , w damage and the ult adds stacks to shiv . 
  gangplank/udyr disagrees, 
  zombie eve, 
  jurassic malz, 
  you wish ... 
  if you have friends and they have money and they are willing to gift you . . im jelly, 
  gangplank level1 . 
  aaqaa too strong, 
  eve level 3 ( in case she jungles she gets all skills by level 3 , if she is midlane then its level 4 depending on what skills the player levels ), 
  visual settings reset every single game . 
  i dont know how to reproduce . 
  all i did was , to try to set all the . ini files to not read-only , but it didnt work ( as soon as i set them they become read only again ), 
  jungler camp yo, 
  dude imagine a gangplank q with hydra ... now that is scary, 
  or just mf ulting with shield on ? 
  not to mention fuking katarina ulti . 
  good luck ganking kass after 6 if you arent vi, 
  since you are going to have lots of ad , triforce and shiv is unnecessary because they give a set amount of damage , i would recomment 4 ies for maxiumum damage lol, 
  yeah critplank is about chunking anyways, 
  because he has troubles even reaching 6 without getting assfucked by any fotm jungler, 
  well 4 ies give you 100 % crit so after that a bt or an occul would be better . 
  or lw :d, 
  galio + nunu, 
  30 % thats like only the shroom . 
  you keep forgetting that a lategame maz ult hits for 1.2 k. . . 
  yeh , bruiserplank or koreanplank does half the damage but lives 3-4x longer in teamfights , 
  i am an avid critplank player and what i found problematic is that you need a shitload of stats on critplank . 
  you have to win the lane so offensive runes are a must . 
  i use armor yellows mr blues , rest ad for maximum damage - no lifesteal cause that would ruin my allin chances . 
  meaning i have to buy some form of lifesteal lategame . 
  also need lw . 
  i can leave out the boots as e + phage give me anough speed but triforce proc also falls off lategame . . although it gives enough utility to compensate i guess . 
  so triforce ie bt lw are a must then you need 65 % crit chance from 2 items or else you have to pray that your q will crit . . because a non-crit q doesnt worth going glass cannon for . 
  if you want to win games , triforce atmogs , or gauntlet visage is the way to go imo . 
  or , as the koreans do , shiv + wits end into tanky items, 
  i find myself often leaving the bt and just going for triforce shiv ie ie ie lw and sustaining with w. but as you can see its pretty trololo build , no sustain , no defense , one jarvan flag and you are dead lol, 
  yeha its kinda contraproductive that the best build has almost no snowball potential on a snowbally champ . . lol, 
  time to feeeeeeeeeeeeeeed, 
  noob question . . does it count if its on your team ? 
  so you could platoon with some willing guy who has it, 
  damn . 
  not like i want to , just asking . . for science, 
  also `` eahahhaewhehahehaeaheahhhhhaaaahhaaehheheheheheh '', 
  manamune roa anyone ? 
  pz1c in the enemy base buttraping their artys < 3, 
  they act like children though . 
  no you only get the link to the case if you ask for it with a support ticket . 
  ( at least it was in my case ), 
  you can bet i looked lol . 
  i got permabanned once . 
  please dont spread false information .
