  is this a reference , or are you joking ? 
  because the above sentence is just plain wrong, 
  turbo hetzers :d, 
  you mean rof . 
  pen is same, 
  pretty much this , except you dont build voidstaff since half your dmg is physical . 
  build mejais instead since you live on kills anyway, 
  nice loadout yo, 
  his right side track is damaged and the repair pack is missing so i guess he got spotted and tracked, 
  13 year old girl beats her ( in a serious match ! ), 
  and he cant get over it . . was [ funny as hell ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txeigipofse ), 
  depends . 
  chess prodigy starts realizing itself very early ; skill fades with age and you can give the kid time advantage . 
  i was at a simul when the kid next to me won a game against susan polgar . 
  there is always a non-negligible chance, 
  i 'm not saying the boy has all the chances . 
  just some . 
  anything can happen , the aforementioned boy next to me in the simul was like 1400 elo . 
  yep :d, 
  but maybe he thought `` imma play my is7 like a med today '' , like i sometimes do . 
  i think you chould check the after-game lobby and the damage types graphs . 
  definitely im not talking about 50 % , the bigger half is magical , but definitely makes the voidstaff worth less . 
  e and autos are still a huge chunk though, 
  and does 1k + physical dmg, 
  those are some really thought-out ideas . 
  i like the perks where there is a downside, 
  yeah no you just lied straight up, 
  short 88 . 
  full apcr . 
  and the w explosin damage stacking lol, 
  could you make an e-25 please ? 
  or a bishop . 
  did i miss something ? 
  since when is 113 good ? 
  did it get buffed ? 
  i didnt play for a long time ... 
  thanks < 3, 
  o damn and i did n't want to grind the chinese lines . 
  do you think it can be good for t55a heavy missions ? 
  not really , she was the first tank support, 
  its more because its really unfunny at this point . 
  true :d, 
  it 's under my umbrella ^ ela ^ ela ^ ela, 
  that smells like complete bullshit to me . 
  it 's very rare that a first game with a fresh prem tank gets you bottom tier . 
  also first battle with a prem tank get your top tier iirc, 
  imagine a tog sidescraping lol, 
  google is your friend, 
  you show him you love him by actions - listening to him , figuring out what he likes without asking . 
  basically try to think like him , think about what would make him feel less insecure . 
  and tf, 
  pretty much , yes . 
  although on those pictures where the outside of your eyes ( around your eyes ? 
  not a native english speaker ) is darker , you look a bit older . 
  if you hit the bard ult that is, 
  how about make a living where you make many people mourn you if you die ? 
  you ca n't know , but maybe a random gesture can brighten up someone 's day , and then for that person , maybe a stranger in the street , will remember you as `` the guy who smiled at me when i was sad ? 
  he died ? 
  oooh damn '' you can count that as mourning i guess ? 
  so go ahead and make someones day . 
  make it a habit . 
  you 'll realize that it will make your day too . 
  sry for bad english, 
  i like your attitude : owning up all your faults is the true honesty, 
  sorry no , that award is for age of empires 2 . 
  gon na look really shitty in 20 years . 
  is it not wood ? 
  well . 
  she is right , i dont give a fuck if she dies or not . 
   nobody ever called the sherman the m-4, 
  you mean no american ? 
  pretty sure many people outside the us called it m-4 at some point, 
  it has less range than a cait auto lel, 
  if not , then it has travel time, 
  you guys . . 
  of course i know the official designation lmao, 
  i meant more like , random people who barely knew how to write . . or newspapers or something . . jeez, 
  for some reason i ca n't stop thinking you should wear pink hair for this dress . 
  i did not imply that . 
  t-127 frontally is almost immortal if it faces a 2j and can pen the 2j with ease . 
  you can angle your lfp in the 127 and then the 2j has to have miracles to pen all of the shots . 
  also , yeah the apcr pretty much needed in the 127 but its a fun tank anyways . 
  so . . blizz rejected you eh ? 
  horses dont talk . . :d, 
  didnt play that game , ever . 
  lol, 
  i think its more sarcasm than joke, 
  pool, 
  very nice , but the title is so clickbaity . . 
  about 580k - i play other champs a lot , in arams and shiet, 
  edit : new title only slightly less clickbaity :(, 
  oooh now i see :d, 
  sigh , another premium heavy tank that does not match the crew layout of the tech tree is-7 . 
  i intended to spam is6 to get a crew good enough for the is7 but it seems like i have to train up another loader lol . 
  ( and no i wont play the kv-5 for that many games ), 
  repairs bia are absolutely needed on a heavy imo, 
  damn , that makes me want to play wow just for the community . 
  sadly i cant afford it :( but i 'm happy for you man . 
  get well soon, 
  it 's actually more like the gun on the bp .
