  i wear glasses since i was 6 years old , i got beaten almost every day in primary school because i was very different ( good at maths and reading , and shy with girls for example . . ) . 
  one time someone pushed me to a stalactite ( or stalagmite ? ), 
  so hard it stuck into my forehead , punching a 2 cm deep hole in my skull . . and i survived . . but i have a fucking scar on my forehead since . . just about when the harry potter books came out . . guess what was my sobriquet from then on . . ? 
  then in first year high school it got worse , they lit up my hear on fire , locked me to a cabinet often , bullied me so hard i developed an anxiety leading to being late from basically every class since i ran into the library every break . . then again i got very lucky , i got baptised that year and we chose the director of my school as my godfather , he obliged and turns out he is a very nice and carismatic person , also got a lot of help and gifts from him since . 
  ( side note , i 'm an atheist now , didnt have much care back then about that either , my parents wanted it , i was like `` whatever '' ), 
  i got indecisive , and even though i switched high schools to a much better one i had no luck in finding the right one : first i tried it because i liked computers too much - but i got fucking bad grades ( only passed one class : that was about writing lol ) and when i started again that year i realized i just like computers , dont care much about fucking molecular biology , thermodynamics and programming . . 
  i was still an active person back then , one of my hobbies was lego , especially modelling buildings to scale , began to appreciate buildings as i studied the details etc. 
  so at 21 years of age i applied to be an architect , they said nope , looks like i had to collect some more points ( in hungary they judge your appliance to university by your final highschool exams so if you fail you can retake the exams again later to have better scores ) . 
  i retook advanced maths , my strongpoint , 2 times more , managed to correct my 75 % score to a 82 % , took a 2 year school to learn `` high-tech building technician '' which by the way worth like a roll of toilet paper , but it finally got me enough points to get acccepted to be an architect student . 
  i was decicated and happy , for the first time in my life , i finally learn something i want , the bullies are gone too ( those years in dorm were the highlights of my life , really ) . 
  i can be an artist !, 
  nope . 
  first , my relation with my parents got worse and they started to verbally abuse me ( i dont blame them , the begining stages of depression really looked like i was lazy ) to a point where i got psychosomatic symptoms just from their presence ( to this day i start to shake when my mother starts to raise her voice ) which lead to concentration problems , which lead to sloppy and slow learning , and combined with the growing concerns about my university 's view on architecture , and the corruption and injustice of the craft in general , i happened to drop that university too . 
  i wanted to be an artist who desing buildings like [ this ] ( http://www.erdekesvilag.hu/kepek/sagrada-familia-2026/sagrada-familia-2.jpg ) , but in reality i would be probably designing buildings like [ this ] ( http://kp.hu/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/modern-kockah%c3%a1z.jpg ) for the rest of my life and it made me sick ... 
  at least in 2012 i spared enough money to go see my dream architect ( gaud\u00ed ) 's work , even if it was just one night walk in barcelona ( cheapest opportunity was with a fan bus ride to a handball champions league match , too bad we arrived 10 hours later than planned , so it was go to sleep , then tomorrow mornign match for the others - not to me , i said fuck you , i came here for the sagrada fam\u00edlia , so i walked all the way from the hotel to it ( a good 5 hour walk ) and spend the rest of the night photographing it , mind you it was in a country i didnt know the language of , inner city , midnight , all alone . . 
  but i survived , even used my leftover money to buy a ticket at the mornign to let me in . . 
  thanks to me staying all night around it , i was the first in line , but when they finally opened 9am the line behind me was already about 500 meters long lol, 
  back to my home city i guess , i thought , no problem , i can just `` start the level again '' , but living with abusive parents that cant realize i cant get a salesman job because of my depression and social anxiety ( dropped all my hobbies , started to eat almost nothing . . sometimes i didnt eat at all , a day ) , it got worse . 
  but by then i started to enjoy fruits of the only hobby i left , gaming and the irl parallels to it , that i realized something has to change . 
  and there is when my life started to become fucking weird , awesome , sad , happy , lucky , unlucky , all in about 2 months time . 
  this june , relations with my parents got so bad that i contemplated suicide for the fucktonth of time , but this time i really did it [ \\ ( opened an / r/offmychest thread after i failed to do it \\ ) ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/287tv8/looks_like_im_a_pussy/ ) , quickly i found myself talking to a psychotherapist after ( shoutout to / u/booktapeworm - without him/her i would just probably try to suicide again and eventualy succeed . 
  about 2 weeks into therapy sessions i got to a fight with my mother , and i realized that if i stay passive and in my comfort zone ( which at that time basically was , sitting in front of my computer redditing and playing games , that was the only thing that didnt made me feel like i wan na kill myself ) , it wont change . 
  she always brought up the argument `` if you dotn want this you can just fuck off '', 
  well , i did . 
  packed my stuff , all that mattered , from my official papers to my socks and toothbrush etc. 
  and just left . 
  ( in peace , at least . . 
  i tried to avert crisis ) they made me wait for my brothers to come home before i leave . 
  it was 9 pm when i left the house , with all my defining things packed into a suitcase , with no money to even get on a bus , in a town that has no social services anyways , so basically i was majorly fucked . 
  strangest thing about it , it felt so fucking good . 
  i was myself for the first time ever . 
  all the things before me looked like obstacles , not torment machines . 
  i remember it was raining ( how clich\u00e9 ? 
  ) , dark , and for the first time of my long , depressed life , from the bottom of my heart came this feeling . . 
  i cant really describe it . . 
  i was myself !, 
  finally !, 
  isnt that weird ? 
  well it gets weirder . 
  so , i walked in the rain wandering basically aimlessly thinknig about what will happen next , when i came near the house of the parents of the only guy i call my `` friend '' . 
  he was ( and still is ) in a 10 month long coach surfing trip in asia , so i was like `` wish he were home . . so i can talk to him '' . 
  i remembered he has a brother , we talked a little before and i knew his name ( chris from now on ) but nothing much else . 
  well at about 10 pm i started to feel exhausted after a long day of packing arguing , crying , and walking , so i stopped at their house , contemplating to ring the bell and talk to chris . 
  at that moment i jsut wanted to cry to someone , not tears of pain , but teaars of joy from realizing things . 
  he happened to just walk outside the house at ten fucking pm . 
  i recognized him , immediately started shaking ( fucking anxiety . . ) and nothing came out of my mouth . 
  he saw my mood , then my suitcase with me and said `` hi . 
  i know . . 
  i know , come in , you can spend the night here '' ) ... 
  i couldnt be more grateful , sadly i still couldnt say anything because i was so visibly shaking even remembering this makes me shake . 
  so he let me in , and after a coffee and about 1 hour i finally started to speak . 
  turns out he is a really nice guy , gave me a bed to sleep on , let me use the bathroom as well as listening to my stuff . 
  he was alone at the house at that time , as i mentioned my `` friend '' andy is in asia , their parents are divorced ( just physically ) and his mother lives in another city and his father were also abroad for a trip . 
  next morning we talked a lot , mostly about my chances and possibilities and he said i should stay for a few days until we figure out what to do . 
  ( nice words from a guy who i only talked about 10-20 sentences in my life ... ) at that moment i had no money , no work , no life goals , nothing . 
  one day , being still only the wo of us there in that house , just chilling , i was browsing the internet ( falling back to my safety ) , when i randomly came across an advert from an university , they offered `` second admissions '' ( originally if you want to start in september semester you have to apply in february , that time it was like august 1 or so ) for engineers , and if they do they get 50 % off the tuition . 
  now , i dont want to be an engineer , but that got me thinking - going to university again would be a great opportunity to me to gather myself together - but it was still costing money , so much that i could n't afford . 
  when i browsed for other available faculties , i found sociology and i thought `` fuck yes , thats what i want !, 
  that relates to my `` hobby '' of studying human relations from a scientific standpoint with the purpose of getting better in life ... 
  it just made sense !, 
  but it was still unobtainable as i had absolutely no money at all . 
  so i put up an advert on my local lego club ( thank goodness i still remember the url from about 9 years ago ) that i will sell all my legos asap in bulk . 
  i figured in 1-2 days someone will maybe answer , as usual , maybe a week . 
  i shit you not i got a phone call in 25 minutes . 
  and the guy said he can come pick it up right that day !, 
  he came with his 3 infant daughters , we went to my parents house , his daughters liked it so he decided to buy . 
  he asked for a price i said 30k ( 121 usd ) but after he heard about my situation ( he asked why i want to sell it so fast ) he said `` you know what , fuck it , i have 38k with me , here , have it '' , and left . 
  woooo , at least i had money to cover my expenses for a while . 
  i still needed a good 200k more to have enough for tuition and living expenses until i can get student load which comes in oct 15 . 
  so it felt good but i wasnt that much ahead , but then chris and andy 's ( names are slightly made up btw ) father came home . 
  he was obviously surprised to come home with an additional occupier in his house , but turns out he is a fucking awesome man . 
  first off , he is very pragmatic - he said i can stay as long as i want , because its the best solution . 
  oh fuck yes ! . 
  i was very shy still at that moment , in regards of administrational thing and handling my own causes such as applying to jobs and talking to people in general ( mind you about the previous section about me not being able to find a job because most of them involves talking to people and i had anxiety and depression which pretty much made me incapable of doing that ) . 
  thiy guy , lets call him abe , quickly realized that . 
  he was like my opposite - he was very straightforward , effective in everyday life . 
  he , by the way , as i learned , is a radio program host , and a teacher at a fucknig music academy , a professor !, 
  so abe , `` took care '' for a little , and helped me at everything . 
  we spent a day together , writing a letter for the university to ask them about my possibilities . 
  later it turned out the only reason they even bothered to read my email sent , is that because the foreword were written by abe , a very famous radio host ( classical music radio ) , and he was also a legendary child actor back in the '70s ... so they knew his name . 
  well we didnt get good news but at least i knew exactly how much money i need and what to do . 
  so i applied for the uni , and the deadline for the result was aug 28th . . school starts at sept 1 , go figure . 
  i had to prepare , and find some money out of nowhere , meanwhile managing to live somehow . 
  ( still going to psychotherapy amongst all the things ) . 
  so i spent august to cover my shit , acquiring all the papers i need to appply for discount for social reasons etc. 
  i had to write a contract with my parents that they no longer support me financially , to be able to justify my need of a free dorm etc. 
  meanwhile abe 's wife , lets call her andrea , comes `` home '' to visit , she stayed for a few days a few times and we talked a lot about me , her , andy and in general . . during those talks i made a close friend , turns out as a child i was unintentionally supported andrea on her divorce ( that was about the only few words i talked to her , mostly because i was reluctant to talk to them after andy filled my head witth negative remarks about his parents ) , so she was also grateful , and abe and andrea really value me jsut because the way i think and it felt so good . . we talked a lot about andy too , and i felt a little angry for him because all he talked about his parents were negative things and they were actually really nice persons !, 
  i did everything i can to give the suport back ( i lived a month in that house after all . . ) even using my craft ( i learned constructin remember ? ), 
  to do some minor renewals on the house etc. 
  the only source of money was to borrow from someone , but who can lend me about 200k , more than a month of pay just like that ? 
  the only possibility was my grandpa living in the other side of the country , 80 years old living on almost no cost , sparing most of his money in a back account . ), 
  at the end of the month , about 25th , abe says `` hey , i have to leave to korea in 2 days , and iam very grateful for you to help me with the house , you did me a favor which i otherwise wouldnt be able to do ( the renewal work on the house ) so how about returning the favor to you ? 
  we gon na hop in the car tomorrow , i 'm gon na drive you to your grandpa ( mind you its at least a 2 hour drive ) , and we gon na convince him together to lend you some money ! '', 
  holy fuck i couldnt describe what to say . . other than a reluctant `` thanks . . yes '' . 
  so we did meet my grandpa . 
  next thing i know , there is about 150k sitting on my bank account , on 28th i got an email i got accepted !, 
  felt like i entered some cheat code in this `` game of life '' . 
  or someone set my difficulty from `` very hard '' to `` easy '' . 
  abe left for korea next day , andrea even drove me right to my future dorm and helped to unpack my stuff . 
  i did all the administration things here at my new hometown ( didnt go smooth . . dislocated my ankle the first day so i couldnt walk for 3 days , got stomach pains for all these stress so much that one point the ambulance got me to er only to realize all these symptoms were psychosomatic ... ),
