  lets not get carried away . . 
  with apcr ? 
  it 's tier 3 , it meets tier 5s i assume you need lots of prem . 
  her smile looks soooooo unnatural ... 
  thats all . 
  hahah , sometimes i `` play with my food '' and take both of his tracks before killing him :d, 
  on par with the japanese at best ... 
  some tanks ( most notably arty and `` support tanks '' like kv2 ) are bound to have a less winrate than usual even with same performance , thats because simply , these tanks just cant carry games . 
  maybe you are playing those tanks ? 
  what is even more funny that you think that it has so much significance that its worth to post about it . 
  with gangplanks q, 
  still doesnt answer why eu gets inferior missions every time . 
   still , when i think `` economy '' i think `` player trade '' and not `` npc monopoly on tanks '' . 
  exactly , its your opinion about the subject , wg has another opinion ( about what economy means ) , so deal with it . 
  ye but their reasoning is not bullshit , so , you are wrong . 
  yeah but they cant say that , even if thats true . 
  it `` sheds wrong light '' to their business you know . . 
  just try to read between lines like you did in the above comment . 
  ( which i agree with ), 
  will do, 
  but so is black , so the knocked down piece ( that , if we put it back to the table , makes the position legal ) must address that ? 
  i think you should take a pill . . 
  not that kind . . , 
  no , no , jeez . 
  a chill pill perhaps , is enough , 
  ye , poe 's law in action ... 
  dont worry . 
  just grow a thick skin . 
  the internet is where gore spam is just a click away so dont get annoyed by anyone 's stupidity , ignorance or misinterpretation . 
  also sorry . 
  easy , its a thinly veiled attempt at bragging . 
  `` look at me i have 3 stripes on my stug '', 
  i think i paid 1200 gold to convert the remaining xp for is7 . 
  that tank sucks dick . 
  they way i grinded 100k xp on it , mounted vent bino vstab and played it like a fucking e25 . 
  dotn ge me wrong , for a good 140 games i played it liek a true heavy . 
  had 44 % winrate in it because playing it like a heavy , sucks . 
  after i rebought it i had more success playing it as a flanker/sniper , thats all, 
  friend list organizer , yes !!, 
  or at least add a note for each friend `` met in a solopub he carried me in his 1390 '' etc. 
  yes , 
  to be honest i like to call the e25 a `` casemate medium '', 
  is this a bait ? 
  cant people just search ? 
  or you just genuinely new ? 
  make sure you research everything from the kv1 tank because it leads to 2 lines with different playstyle and if you go up one line ( lets say you research the is-3 ) and decide you want the other line instead ( playstyle doesnt fit or something ) you dont have to rebuy it again . 
  but generally , elite every tank you play for this reason . 
  and the dunning-kruger effect, 
  or anything involving guderian . 
  actually , i 'm surprised no one named peiper i met yet ... 
  yeah , if you stretch it a bit a lot of names would be calassified as offensive . 
  if we ban hitler ( as an username ) why wouldnt be ban goebbels/mengele too ? 
  i , for one , found it funny that someone ( a lot of people ! ), 
  choose to name their user after a guy who are responsible for many deaths , often involving cruelty and a violation of human rights/genf code . 
  probably because it scound badass or they wan na showoff that they know this guys name ? 
  thats like i name myself xxxfrancoxxx . 
  yeah . 
  so orignial . 
  so edgy . 
  on the other side i am glad this shit exists . 
  it shows at the first glance what kind of person im dealing with . 
  like , im not gon na take a guy named 666death666 seriously . 
  she plays lol iirc, 
  indeed . . 
  yeah , `` whore '' you probably meant whoring attention , as in using her tits to appeal more people for what she does . 
  she did a teemo cosplay ( lol character for those who doesnt know ) and while being a decent job , people overhyped it because . . its a woman with decent sized breasts doing it . 
  that wouldnt be a problem if she were honest but if you look at [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/9afmkxhdpzc?t=59s ) you will understand, 
  maybe just rotate the 10 champins between summoners then, 
  its breakcore but who cares , its awesome :d, 
  exactly . 
  she is in the bar up there . . at least report something that i dont see every time i venture here, 
  anyways , the post itself is fine , i recognize the intention , so to say ; i was trying to be constructive , sorry if i hurt you, 
  focking tog . 
  doesnt matter if i platoon it or not . . 
  i just lose . 
  i think i have a 38 % winrate i nit with like .2 dmg ratio ,, 
  i got it on sale but doesnt worth the gold still . 
  maybe if i start to `` care '' about it . . equipment , and a good crew . . but who the fuck wants to play a brit heavy crew for ~ 2k games just to have a good crew for the tog ? 
  just doesnt worth my time imo, 
  must be because my two most loved tanks are everything the tog isnt : the e25 and the t49, 
  t2 light , too !, 
  ye but if you die you r crew dies = they get half xp thats like they stay alive and do half the damage/spot/whatever . 
  and you will die in the tog ... 
  im a recovering engineering student that means i dont have neither the money nor the ability to work to earn money to buy tanks . 
  i play a shitload of wot ( on pc ) though as a therapy session and it works . 
  a b2 would be awesome to blow off some steam ; grinding is not as fun as i thought , but what can i do , i 'm addicted already :(, 
  ( in case its not obvious my ign is lefexel on the eu server ), 
  this happens every time . 
  downvotes are anonymous , and i guess the next thought runs through everyone 's head : `` if i downvote everyone , no one will know it was me , and my post will have a litle more chance '', 
  op , if you see this , please dont decide over up/downvotes , consider reading through everything to give `` entertaining posts '' ( as you described ) a chance . 
  yeah , i had 700 games in pz1c yet not even past the 2nd skill . 
  0.9 % survival ratio ... 
  shiet ... 
  reminds me of my old diablo 2 days when i searched for the alt key every time i was at the cashier and heard the famous metallic sound . 
  nope !!!, 
  hotchkiss h35 , tier 2 light tank with the 25 mm gun has 35.29 base rof, 
  still ... for example the 2cm flak can potentially dish out 110 damage every 3-4 secs , thats like basically having a very inaccurate gun with 3 sec reload and 110 damage . 
  ( and shit pen lol ), 
  well that wasnt my point lol . 
  op asked for fastest firing non-autoloader thank and that is the h35 ( tied with ft ac but thats the same gun iirc ),
