  yes they do . . but they hurt themselves too , with the hp costs . 
  not talking about lategame though, 
  so kind , ima upvote, 
  i didnt even need to open up the thread to know this will be the most upvoted comment . 
  in my opinion the only living architect to be even worthy to mention gaud\u00ed as an inspiration, 
  is the `` played games '' only counts ranked ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  q : targeted nuke with aoe dmg where it travels, 
  w : targeted snare which also gives ms, 
  e : 1:1 ap ratio nuke bouncing 5 targets and giving as, 
  r : aoe nuke that gives mana and causes all of your spells to sustain and do even moar aoe damage . 
  passive : you are invisible and your q is on 0 cd basically . 
  jesus christ . . lets just say i have visual thinking, 
  twisted plank, 
  passive : moar gold, 
  q : skillshot nuke that applies on hit effects and moar gold, 
  w : press it to block stuns while stunning the enemy back ? 
  next level of not giving a fuck . 
  e : team as/cdr/ad / ms buff plus on-hit magic damage . 
  r : reveal all enemies then go all hiroshima on them while appearing right where they dont want, 
  passive : block attacks once in a while while gaining bonus damage . 
  q : nuke, 
  w : jump to enemy and shield yourself . 
  e : dash to enemy and spray spears all over their faces . 
  r : oh my fucking god, 
  yiora . 
  q : gap closer , gap closer , gap closer . . and a nuke . 
  w : steroids . 
  r : you are dead from these steroids . 
  q : gap closer and stuns . 
  w : slow , shield, 
  e : gap closer and ... stuns . 
  also slows . 
  passive : sustain trololo, 
  q : farm this and gg . 
  w : aoe stun + nuke reducing resists . 
  e : aoe `` exhaust '' and nuke, 
  r : transform to god an punish mortals for building ap . 
  q : gap closer sustain nuke applying on.hit effects . 
  r : skillshot aoe nuke knockup slow shark blood buffing team damage . 
  i like how you are talking about low elo players like they cant have a better insight to the game than you `` high '' 1700 elo player . 
  who are you to judge people simply by their elo ? 
  maybe they have better mechanics than doublelift they just suck at midgame decision making . 
  the thing that you suck at jayce and still 1700 elo doesnt make you a better player than people who are good at jayce but at lower elos . 
  asshole . 
  look at the xerath page , there are people with 2 wins 100 % . 
  though i dont understand why are all br . 
  every champion i looked at , i never found any euw player to be on the highest winrate charts . 
  only br , kr , or eune ... 
  doesnt seem to include euw or na players yet, 
  i should be on the xerath winrate page ( 2 games , 100 % ) as well as the varus page ( 5 games 80 % ) with the same logic . 
  but looking at the player profile links they got there , they are all br , kr or eune so i guess they didnt implement euw/na yet ... 
  look further , in this thread somewhere i mentioned that the yerath page is full of people with 2 wins . 
  just didnt want to iterate myself, 
  yes , but you should do it in a way not upsetting anyone . 
  or the least possible amount . 
  way to farm negative karma bro, 
  too *, 
  if you are going tear , then you should rush it asap . 
  preferably with mr blues at least because if you rush tear with having no defensive runes you will be paper . 
  another option is to go double dorans to tear , but that is a bit too much mana regen . 
  my guess is you have to learn to play with squishy early game , but it is simply not worth it to buy tear after anything else than boots . 
  you can rush dfg but kages to raba , kagest to sheen to raba , kages to lichbane , and kages to athenes is still doable build . 
  i recommend rushing athenes , but kages to chalice to rabadon is also viable . 
  though the cdr from athenes is good for ulti if you roam . 
  also , ionian boots if you dont rush a cdr item, 
  is n't it a bit too big for the normal human size ? 
  anyways , great work !, 
  [ woooooooooo ] ( http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/choo-choo-motherfucker.jpg ), 
  who the fuck upvoted this ? 
  this is actually a good idea . 
  lol, 
  maybe lolmature ? 
  or something like that, 
  sorry , not in creative mood :d, 
  are you ... arabic ? 
  or have any connection to an arab state ? 
  and they recruited some mods before . 
  like they want to improve . . 
  it is really well known that these mods suck , and all they can do is abuse power all day . 
  sad . 
  i bet none of them is over 20, 
  removing posts that should not be removed ( from people as trusted as travis ( sotl ) ) or they think it does not belong here . 
  basically forming this subreddit to their own will not looking at what the community wants/likes ( for example those fanart/cosplay/skin idea posts ), 
  jesus , disagree squad ... downvoting again . 
  o well ... 
  do n't hate on guinsoo please , he designed . . my . . uh . . ~ ~ meaning of life ~ ~ [ favourite champion ] ( http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/evelynn/background ) !, 
  it 's easier to count like this . 
  you have 200 ad and an ie + mastery , 260 % crit dmg, 
  a normal autoattack crit is 520 dmg, 
  darius w does , for example , 200 % dmg , so it 's 1040 ( because it amplifies a normal auto . . ) . 
  much like blitz e , it is a very good nuke in an ad build . 
  ( although ad blitz is . . eh . . less viable ), 
  wrong . 
  dont misunderstand me i didnt mean they did a 100 % wrong thing . 
  whatbothers me is that they did it without any community feedback . 
  i 'm shooting for 2k for the end of the season . 
  might be a bit hard seeing i 'm 1100 now , lol, 
  probably he pressed 1 enter between rows instead of 2, 
  coop vs ai , then normals until i win .
