  also the cdc has an extra crew member which you arent going to use so that xp on him is wasted , sort of . 
  if i were you i would rather just train the crew to the least acceptable levels ( 6th on commander , camo on everyone else ) , then put them on the 12t and start again a fresh crew on the cdc since you can play that without 5th sense ( or rather , you showed you are willing to play that tank without 6th sense instead ), 
  personally i only care about commanders , so i train up crews in tier 2 ( you can easily get 70 % + winrate there with the right tank so the average xp per game is better , plus no one has 6th sense on tier 2 so you dont need that either ) , then retrain only the commander for the new tank ( possibly pulling any other fitting crewmambers too , but they arent that important ), 
  is it me or does the is3 auto turret looks a bit like a lowe turret ? 
  from my perspective it looks like you are a person who always honestly says what is on his heart in interviews , which is different from many other starts who just feeds the audience . 
  is this true ? 
  does it worth it to hold this attitude ( both ethically and financially ) ? 
  has it ever backfired on you ? 
  which are the famous people you look up to , as a person ? 
  thing is , when buying a t8 prem you have to get a good crew and some routine with it and then it becomes better than a t5-6 prem . 
  i would suggest just really investing time being better in your rudy because it costs nothing , and skill is a huge factor in profitablity anyways . 
  ( and honestly a t34 seems like a better moneymaker - t54 proto gets tier 10 games as well , with a way worse gun , so you pretty much wont make credits in the t54 because you either fire gold or you wont pen . 
  cmon raiders had pink hair iirc, 
  spershing is not a good money maker since most of the time its better with apcr, 
  well yeah i meant that you need gold to pen tier 10s . 
  thats all, 
  yeah im not saying its bad , its just different from most meds . 
  nice write up , definitely appreciated . 
  shows how little i knew about non-gun characters . 
  i played about 2-3 of those and i never thought about critting since crit chance builds ( for me at least ) included light armor and light touch . . and i kinda dont want to play an unarmed char with light armor you know . 
  however if i max crit then i might not need any armor at all since i blap everyone with 2 hits . 
  no , it is not . 
  grats on your t55a , 
   hundreds of millions, 
  i think you mistake nerdniess for many lifestlye choices a lot of nerds have . 
  being a nerd doesnt necessarily correlate with poor social life etc. 
  therefore it shouldnt be considered as part of being a nerd either . 
  you were describing something much bigger than a nerd and while i admit a lot of nerds are like that , it doesnt mean being a nerd is being a loser . 
  its like you associate gypsies with stealing . 
  sure gypsies steal a lot but so are other people, 
  btw , im not writing this to / u/creativeusername25 - the above comment clearly states he has no intention to listen to different opinions anyway . 
  how dare you adress me anyways how do you think im a nerd just because i defend them ? 
  lmao, 
  but seriously , how did they think they can get away with it ? 
  just q first lol, 
  dunno about chur3 codes ( they are supposed to be rare ) but if you are okay with a free pz . 
  s35 code , head over to http://eu.alienwarearena.com/giveaways, 
  whoops , site doesnt seem to respond . 
  will dig into the matter further as i need an inv code right now as well . 
  textbook qq , 0/10 originality . 
  try again, 
  if you have a full wiewrange crew you can go vents , it wont make much of a difference . 
  sorry thyro i love your submissions and comments and all , but you are really an asshole on this one . 
  i 'm doing a reroll right now , grinding obj 140 . will report back . 
  but really , you are the best player on your team = you are the biggest threat = you should get killed fast if the enemy wants to win ? 
  it just makes sense to focus the best player on the enemy team . . 
  you can just spam apcr and pretend you are a vk . 
  i played the vk and i think the waffe is fine , but goldspam from the short 88 is where the damage lies imo . 
  thing is , the vk can sidescrape and this thing probably cant, 
  well yeah , but you shouldnt be the self-appointed judge of that . 
  tking arty because he killed you once . . you know . . 
  that nose and mouth are perfect . 
  other parts are nice too . 
  no it isnt fair . 
  he played bad and inefficient and you were on the bad end of that , but it is not an offense . . he was on the enemy team so its fine . 
  you arent player support or any almighty judge of people that can suddenly decide that the way he legally killed you was somehow malicious ? 
  i guess you just cant live up to the fact that with bigger wn8 comes bigger responsibility . 
  in short he took away your fun by playing completely according to rules , and now you are taking away his fun playing completely against the rules . 
  so whatever happens you are the bigger asshole . 
  ( even though focusing down a high wn8 target is not being an asshole , its just probably inefficient . ), 
  so now you are an asshole because you kill `` assholes '' . 
  what if next game we get matched i tk you because you are an asshole ? 
  you see where this leads ? 
  i dont reroll because my stats are bad ; i reroll because i dont wan na play my main account anymore ( planning to sell it because i need money ) plus lowtiers are actually fun . 
  oh , and i forgot the forehead . 
  please dont reply with a laughing gif to that very overused ( and bad ) joke ... 
  o well i probably only got so offended because i 'm hungarian . 
  not that its something to be proud of nowadays , but i still feel home there , 
   ( do you have a `` sorry '' gif perhaps ? ), 
  yep, 
  it was the t67 ( was called t49 back then ) for like 200 games , i had a 45 % win ratio and a miserable ~ 200-300 average dmg per game . 
  i kept playing it because people said its good so it was proof that im doing something wrong . 
  i forced myself to master it and the last 100 games were around ~ 1300-1500 dmg per game , and it became my first tank ever to have 3 star on . 
  b1 is not , though . 
  it is inferior in almost every way to the b2 and it has a huge weakness of being able to meet tier 5 tanks, 
  no , it has `` preferential '' mm so it meets tier 5 max , like the dw 2, 
  or his words, 
  ( best quality of time spent imo ), 
  fallout 3 + nv ; about 5-600 hours, 
  diablo ii - about 3k hours ( counting the time i played with mods ), 
  league of legends - around 8000 hours ( 20k + matches ), 
  also spent hundreds of hours on age of empires ii , quake 3 , baldur 's gate ii , stronghold , civ i , civ 3 , civ 5 and wolfenstein 3d back in the day, 
  right now i 'm playing skyrim ( ~ 100 hours ) and world of tanks 2500 + hours ), 
  only thing i regret is league, 
  forgot heroes iii and disciples ii , both around ~ 300 hours, 
  or anything else , just burn this pile of shit already . 
  i 'm pretty sure owners of fv4202 will get the new t10 med for free , it is the evident option , and also it would cause quite a shitstorm if they wouldnt, 
  well , its essentially a moba so after you are familiar with the basics it becomes really fun and challenging , the skill ceiling is also high ( in that aspect its similar to league ) . 
  it has very long grinds which you can shorten by paying ( basically you earn 50 % more xp ) , so if you engage a lot with the game you better buy a premium account of you dont wan na suck through the less enjoyable grinds . 
  i 'd say its worth about 9-10 euros a month. , but you dont have to pay . 
  let me know if you decide to try it out though , i can give you a referral link , perhaps show you the ropes , and there are bonus codes you can type in during registration which give you free stuff in game , including 7 days or `` premium '' time, 
  i wouldnt say the wte100 is an anachronism though . 
  i thought its a wiki or something and it was edited by someone, 
  well they are prety historically accurate in the game models arent they ? 
  and then when you are 1k below the ban limit earnings you go play slots . 
  hit oranges , boom, 
  also the kv2 has terrible speed so it is basically countered by long range snapshots , while a light tank in the same situation at least could fire back or close the distance . 
  except the 76 mm is superior on the a-43, 
  the 76 mm has way better gun handling and similar dpm , it is the better gun and the gold ammo on that is only 150 ish iirc, 
  also the type is open-top so it cant mount vstab , but it has more wiewrange to compensate .
