  fuck it , i wont argue with you , you are obviously biased . 
  you dont have a -89 sign next to your name for nothing . . 
  warwick is not ap , wtf are you talking about, 
  and im not biased on warwick im just fucking pissed about your ignorance . 
  and im silver, 
  you are a bit too cocky ... 
  i didnt say fizz is not a warwick counter , i said that he can be useful despite being beaten by fizz . 
  also , you might not know be , but hey , you might not know that i have a level 30 acc ( duh ) with a fuckton of games played with both fizz and warwick . 
  what i say is that simply picking fizz against warwick wont automatically win you the game , you still gon na have to work for it . 
  what i 'm criticizing is your ignorance about that . 
  you sound like you have an opinion and nobody will change that , no matter how bad your opinion is . 
  that is dangerous . 
  you are also ignorant , arrogant and probably nothing more than bronze ( edit : yup ), 
  being silver 2 myself i definitely feel like i have the ground to argue . 
  doesnt sotd give more ? 
  ( counting that you attack without active for few times then with active ), 
  i dont know , but i got banned for the same reason so i jsut state that this might be the case . 
  i would hit pardon too but that is because my opinion about punishing apparently not comparably to lyte 's . 
  keep in mind that probably you got reported way more than the cases you see in tribunal and you probably have more games than you got reported in so your `` good games '' are probably still a majority . 
  just work on being the same every game , apparenly tribunal doesnt like flamboyant/melancholic personalities, 
  all i want is olw w back , the new one scales with cdr and old one scaled with as which was a better stat for an ad carry with steroids . 
  nowadays i think sivir is more of an ad caster because of that , so her kit feels inconsistent with the ulti and passive being good for autos and her q and w being nothing but nukes scaling with only ad and cdr . 
  i like it , i dont really know what you guys are talking about . 
  to be fair her buttcheek is hella long, 
  talon is from noxus . . and he has no armor lol, 
  what about sion , he is clearly dead and has no connection . 
  his lore states he got executed in captivity of demacian forces , then later his remains were recovered by katarina . 
  the question is , how long it takes a sould to reach the shadow isles ? 
  i think there must be a purgatory of some sort if your theory is right . 
  nono , i mean the reason that he wasnt claimed by the shadow isles after his death , is that this claim is a long process and during that he may have stuck in some inbetween place like the void or some kind of `` purgatory '' for the duration of katarina seeking his body . 
  in other words katarina was able to save his sould before the shadow isles would claim it . 
  you mean dc ? 
  batman is dc, 
  if this is truly is your saddest moment you are very lucky . 
  mordekaiser is undead as well !, 
  hah , they got nothing on the shadow isles . 
  yorick top, 
  evelynn jungle ( need an assasin ), 
  elise support, 
  5 ad carries vs 5 assasins i wan na see that : ddd, 
  he has to burn flash for a surprise ulti unlike amumu , malph , zyra or orianna . 
  and if he doesnt hav flash his ult its knida predictable so he has to build tankiness to use the ulti threat as a zoning tool . 
  he is pretty much a tank with good farm skills = toplane . 
  and in toplane he is not as good as an olaf , darius , jayce or jax because they outclass him either in utility , damage , versatilty or safety . 
  if you can overcome his weaknesses though , if you can make him work ( like nyjacky made veigar work in lcs ) you can play him anywhere , he has potential . 
  pros dotn have time to master it , they need more easy to learn op champs to dominate with them with little effort . 
  it 's the same reason why high skillcap champs are rarely played but if so , they dominate the game ( fizz for example ), 
  this dress is awful . 
  looks sporty at the top side and more elegant from the skirt part . 
  it 's like wearing a jacket and a monocle, 
  more like because talon is a noxian assasin therefore the # 1 enemy of demacia ( probably along with katarina ) , his name is just a coincidence, 
  and free mejais stack :d, 
  nah i guess its just some hatesquad , look at other comments, 
  i really hope you dont think what you say is legitimately true ... 
  the worst thing is that i got there too , explaining it legitimately . 
  i dont know wtf is going on, 
  because you have proof its a fact ? 
  hell , people are like this in real life too . 
  ( sadly ) . 
  to be honest , he should only be banned if he purposefully does something bannable , like intentinally feeding etc. 
  if he has someone who dodges for him , ban that person . 
  what i want to mean is that i understand your point about athene being a jerk for money is tolerable , and i agree , but honestly , lets not alter the rules for him ok ? 
  if he does things you would ban anyone else for it , then ban athene too . 
  simple as that . 
  ( hes going to make another account anyway ), 
  no , you have this magical thing called `` blind hatred '', 
  man i usually dont agree with you but this time , i feel sorry you have fallen to the mass downvotestorm, 
  this game taught me i 'm homosexual ... 
  can you tell me why it sucked , and how ? 
  no , im trying to say that some pros dont pick up champs because they dont fit in their champion pool . 
  if you dont have knowledge on a certain champ , like you dont play 30 + games with him , it has to be op for you to feel the safety of it `` blindly '' picking it on a tourney . 
  i bet voyboy didnt practice ap trynd for 100 games but i 'm sure froggen has at least 800 games on anivia . . i hope you get what im saying, 
  they also somehow happened to witness me giving blowjobs to various relatives of mine , strange . 
  i just found out why i couldnt register with that username 18 months ago . . 
  my condolences , i feel you . 
  i already lost 6 family members to it , and literally all the remaining will fall soon, 
  is that your real hair color ? 
  because then it 's a beautiful coincidence the tattoo fits that well . 
  your points might be true , but that doestn justify the harshness . 
  i dont really said bad things , also wasnt offending someone , and what i said was true , someone might not understand it perfectly but that is because i 'm not native english and i have a hard time expressing myself sometimes . 
  so basically , even though you may be right , you are an asshole . 
  i wont stop just to get less downvotes . 
  i dont give half a shit about them . 
  i care more about people, 
  and banned for much less  . <, 
  why do i feel that this thread is just another weak attempt to reap in some free karma ? 
  brb , diamond awats me, 
  yeah i usually rush brutalizer then bt , then cleaver . 
  before cleaver nerf , cleaver lw ga bt bt build was not just viable but broken . 
  now its just `` good '', 
  edit : i know that the usual crit build has more overall damage but having a higher damage upfront aoe burst with my ult gives confidence in teamfight to my team as i experienced in silver . 
  seeing they take tons of damage my team can finish ( i love when we got khazix on my team ) . 
  ocelote used to main lb iirc, 
   nyphs sona is in a whole other league than anyone elses sona . 
  * ahem * edward * ahem *, 
  on a solotop ... tristana . . the nostalgia, 
  edit : deeeeerp , confused it with bigfatjiji 's ashe arrow , sorry, 
  sadly :d, 
  so . . they didnt lose ? 
  yes !!!,
