  depends if you want something else too . 
  you can buy gold in the premium shop and spend it freely . 
  for example use the leftover gold to demount equipments etc. 
  keep in mind that if you buy a tank directly from the store , tank price itself wont change , but it will include a garage slot which costs 300 gold ( if there isnt a sale ) . 
  so if you have free garage slots you can spare some gold by buying gold directly then buying the tank ingame . 
  good point . 
  it has some sincerity in it though , because usually pictures that rely on our imagination to transmit the message are usually advertisements etc. 
  but this type of pictures has some . . honesty ? 
  i dont know how to describe it, 
  those are some nice looking teeth !, 
  i finished 16k-th , no camo yet . . 
  would love to see a t-44 next . 
  i 'm not currently on the t54 yet but after 150 games i got a 2.5 k average wn8 in this tank , higher than any other , and this includes stock tanking , 
  when i go into battle , i just keep pumpin shells left right and center and someohow i always seem to do a shitton of damage . 
  definitely will keep this tank . 
  yeah , the t44 looks like it has an ufp well angled , but you know what they say ... a thousand times shit is still shit, 
  makes sense . 
  you could even make a playlist, 
  the gun is fucking awesome , best gun ever on tier 8 . 
  meh , 3 sec aim time . . 
  what kind of a dumb e25 driver would shoot an is6 frontally ? ... 
  having driven the e25 for about at least 800 games without any gold ammo ( yet still doing about 1.4 k dmg per game ) i had an easy time shooting is6 's side armor over and over . 
  just have to track them ^ ^, 
  besides . 
  you rarely meet is6 's and if you do they usually get chunked by the other heavies . 
  tl ; dr : having to shoot is6 front over and over is extremely rare in an e25, 
  just like the pak 42 l/70 hah, 
  vk 3001 p . when i learned that the short 88 is accurate enough and it has nice turret armor , i just loaded gold and went hulldown trolling tier 6-7s while dpming them down . 
  i remember unlocking the top gun on the sturer was the most satisfying moment in my wot career for a long time :d, 
  i like swamp, 
  wow , link plox ? 
  like the t7 car or the vickers vic didnt . . well i mean the t18 did on those tanks ' release days . . but you know what i mean, 
  last year they repeated like 4-5 items , this is at least somewhat better, 
  b-but . . 
  bt-sv !!!!!, 
  ! 44444444four, 
  yeah what i meant is that they made the t18 broken, 
  yes , except way better, 
  probably my most played tank , the e25.that is one tank i can play whatever happens . 
  thanks !, 
  i will :d, 
  also , no one sees my e25 anyways * wink *, 
  good point on t10 camo . 
  i didnt get the tank though ( finished roughly 16000th ) so i `` only '' got the camo as reward ( i mean , i didnt get the camo yet but im eligible ovbiously ), 
  the tank in the background looks more like a pz . 
  iv though ? 
  edit : apparently not . 
  oh wow i love this sub , thanks for the info . 
  not working, 
  o man cant wait to play it in my pak40 :d, 
  i 'm poor as fuck but no one is going to see this anyways, 
  depends on what do you mean by standards, 
  did you get the reward camo as well ? 
  meh , if you crave the type59 that means you played the game long enough that you paid for it -  you will continue playing this game so that the money isnt wasted, 
  i would tell you a type 59 joke . . but you wouldnt get it . 
  gobi  all . 
  sexy as hell , too . 
  however , if you want reliable shots you can consider the antimateriel rifle, 
  there was a tier 7 game in my chi-nu kai when the only survivors in our team were a tog and me against a jagdpanther , a churchill 7 and a hummel . 
  the tog and i were `` battle buddies '' at that point , but after this the tog decided to step up his level of teamplay . 
  he had more hp so he `` scouted '' for me , we killed the jagdpanther and the churchill but the arty escaped and the tog got his driver dead with 2 minutes left . . so it was my time to help , 
  we both had a great game , won by cap , and i added him later . 
  happy holidays !, 
  nice of you to give it away instead of selling or something . 
  happy holidays !, 
  ( i dont need an invite code ), 
  the ass is 170 mm ? 
  iirc its 140, 
  nothing . 
  barely have anything to eat . . 
  if only i had a family that is worth to be with them  . , 
  as in , tier 2-4 its statpadding . 
  try w-uni , a clan specifically designed for beginners . 
  the commander has some really useful videos : https://www.youtube.com/user/sirhavoctv, 
  it 's probably somewhere in his videos , that is how i learned about the clan, 
  no need to be passive agressive man , no one likes it , and its the internet - no one cares if you are hurt ; if you dont behave like people want you to , they wont do business with you, 
  below 52 % winrate and 1000 wn8 everyone is either a beginner , a retard , or a very casual player, 
  you should try the t67 then, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  `` ok accuracy '' ? 
  you mean nonexistent armour, 
  my guess is : bad google translate, 
  wow , you captured my hair really nice , thank you !, 
  except for the pak40 , for clubbing at least, 
  how the hell can you wiew other tanks though ? 
  holy shit im a retard, 
  the shittiest joke in a long time, 
  that is a weird way to spell awesome, 
  i got 700 with wt auf pz . 
  iv with 128 mm ap, 
  hey man , just because you dont share some opinions with someone you dont have to berate them . 
  it only makes it obvious you dont have any other argument to the topic than that you dont like those tanks . 
  also , replying sarcastically to a joke makes you a huge asshole . 
  not so hard with 30 alpha lol, 
  nice !, 
  if ammo had weight ue 57 would be unplayable lol, 
  yeah and now mittengard is a free win too with pak40 . 
  or at the very least an instant scout medal, 
  exactly, 
  damn , i want an xbox now jsut to shit on those kids in an e-25,
