  leona could headbang with shift 1 or 2 - . -, 
  damn, 
  oh boy , you have no idea how it was useful  thanks ( enjoy some free karma ), 
  this old woman gave me a good laugh and yet again reinforced my trust and respect on older generations . 
  maybe even my parents too . 
  look at the bright side , you can make new friends !, 
  or . . just . . not play, 
  what exactly ? 
  its a jookeeeeeeeeeee, 
  there you go . 
  trist, 
  and when i pick eve with revive smite ( which is legit ) everyone thinks i 'm trolling . 
  fuck you trolls . 
  i hate it when i volley for a kill in max range and miss only because the lucky motherfucker staying between 2 arrows - . -, 
  it 's more like `` working things in new patch ? '', 
  i know , but that doesnt stop 99,9 % of the community to report me fro trolling, 
  warwick , if you can master last-hitting and trading you cant be pushed out of lane ever . 
  nice work , definitely not the `` gross '' category we see nowadays but i think she is a bit too bright-skinned for it , 
  or dance like a dervish :d, 
  dude its on the fucking front page , stop reposting really, 
  inb4 everyone gets ip and case closed, 
  i 've seen enough hentai to know where its going, 
  listen , i 'm agnostic , but we have and `` equivalent '' of prayer too :, 
  i wish you the very best and hope your troubles will end soon . 
  let your faith fills you with warmth , know that helps these times . 
  know that someone out there is thinking of you . 
  regards , wakka, 
  ... with ignite, 
  fml, 
  what server ? 
  you have an eve rune page ???? 
  first option in list , i guess they didnt bother to check, 
  amen brother !, 
  they wanted to make a support - they created a good toplaner as well as a good mid laner . 
  ( meh , soraka and janna can be played ap mid so . . ), 
  forgive me for not digging the info up , but he really didnt have a wife , right ? 
  wow , these two themes are going well together ( not like sorakastar ... ewwww ), 
  yeah , after-game screen has some weird bugs . 
  before i relogged it always showed 2 games earlier postgame screen lol . 
  wow , that 's quality drawing right there, 
  how do you see in the darnkness ? 
  bmed ? 
  why not just write it out in numbers then . . ? 
  oh man , i thought everyone intelligent enough to use reddit knows it 's fake . 
  you pointing out , made me realize that it 's not the case ... 
  faith in humanity -1 ( still positive though ), 
  well to my knowledge he did n't , but i 'm kinda new to this subreddit so i didnt want to run into a nitpicker ... was overcautious with that question , 
  f u, 
  i still cant figue out how lb can instagib people ... w in , qre , step back , then wait for q ? 
  i want pulsefire lux . 
  so i can say `` pewpewpew '' in all chat ( instead of `` i 'm a farmer in malaysia ! '' ), 
  erm but you need the w to get in range no\u0170 ? 
  glad to see someone gets the joke l0l, 
  i think you forgot a champion who has n't got a skin since 18 months, 
  ... yes it 's her, 
  not to mention heimer ( turrets ), 
  that 's the point . 
  there is a difference between honor and `` omg its hotshot cream my paaants !!!!, 
  ! 4444four '', 
  lets give more ground to racism ... go go go, 
  * sigh *, 
  awwwwwwwwwwwww yeahhh, 
  there was a leaked picture of a medieval morde skin long ago , hope they bring it back on this occasion :d, 
  i wondered why no one else saw it :d, 
  not bad , definitely has some style . 
  kepp on imrpoving though , i can see you can be a pr0 drawer someday :d, 
  erm who was that eve ont that `` 2k elo team '' ? 
  fuck , it was epic, 
  wtf is this 4/20 thing anyway ? 
  yeah but ... how to help ? 
  i 'm just a guy sitting in front of my computer you know, 
  poppy , hands down, 
  just had a game where i played shaco . 
  they got lee jungle , talon mid and renekton top ... everyone was ad . 
  they got early kills , we were behind like 15 kills and 2 towers , morale was low . . but then our advantage of not having to buy magic resist kicked in . 
  was n't so epic but looked like we pulled off a win from nowhere . 
  at the end i managed to 1v2 a fed renekton and a fed talon just because my build was full ( 55 min ) : tabi , mallet , atmas , bloodthirster , last whisper and sunfire cape :d, 
  me . . ( on dominion ), 
  lol ok , here you go , another comment, 
  and another one . . upvotes are coming as well, 
  cool story bro . 
  people do n't realize that an offtanky shyco is a splitpushing monster endgame ... normally a splitpusher is answered by someone stopping him and 1v1 him under tower or somwthing . . but shaco , with his low cd ult , just laughs at any attempt stopping him , forcing either the entire enemy team to come , or 3v4 teamfights somewhere else . 
  worth reading , every word . 
  ehhh, 
  dont get me started on this . . 
  i 'm on evelynn rehab, 
  you can not really swap tank runes for cdr because you will lose lane then . 
  try building ionian boots + brutalizer , that is more than enough for cds . 
  i still prefer the tenacity from mercs though . 
  yes please, 
  ( you can guess which one i 'll use :d ), 
  let 's try my luck , hopefully it works * crosses finger *, 
  can you fucking post to him directly ? 
  there are 80k ppl not giving a fuck, 
  so does sona 's w, 
  get a stunner support and `` harass '' him by unloading massive bursts after a stun , then back , wait for cds , then repeat, 
  you mean permanently ? 
  or while in air ? 
  because when you are in air you cant cast spells , it 's not a bug, 
  and aaaaalll is fucked up when someone wants to roam now , instead of supporting .
