  i played every new champ on release like . . 2-5 times , but after the relaease of hecarim i barely even played them . 
  i have all the champs but i never ever touched zed/vi . 
  he has sick mana costs early game . 
  if you go passive ( stealth ) in lane , you will miss cs and harass opportunity so the passive kicks in either after level 6 or if you are jungling . 
  but jungle eve kinda sucks ( compared to mid , that is ), 
  i would prefer they just ban all those butthurt assholes immediately, 
  no you dont play her you abuse her . 
  ^ ( real eve players unite ! ), 
  go fuck yourself , owerpovered piece of shit . 
  at least talon players didnt have months of pain and hell in soloq just for picking their choice of champ, 
  did you happen to main eve before yorick patch ? 
  you speak like one . 
  you never played eve right ? 
  she has insane mana costs pre6 and if you try to utilize passive in lane , you miss cs . 
  or harass opportunity, 
  you get flagged for using torrent ? 
  sucks man . . here in hungary i torrent 40 gigs a day . . 
  it campus connection for the win, 
  or , you just suck too hard to provide any counter-threat, 
  right now eve is `` balanced '' in a way like kassadin/kazix does . . stop saying `` impossible '' to things you cant do . 
  just fucking learn how to nerf, 
  i took another route - 1/21/8 , mpen , ap , armor + mr runes . 
  you gon na do dmg with mpen and sustained q 's , not ap , anyway . 
  or 0/15/14 , start gold in utility , hp regen + tanky runes and go dorans + pot , works for me ,, 
  guess i like my eve bulky , lol, 
  justice !, 
  must be elise , khazix is only good coz of cleaver imo, 
  5x u mean ... ? 
  well actually he is the only true counter in my eyes . 
  my concern is that eeryone just fucking cries over how op eve is instead of actively trying to find methods to counter . 
  oh i mean you thought i tell the truth . 
  in fact it 's only an opinion . 
  ( however i tried to stay close to objectivity ), 
  i wan na see if this is real . . 
  glass and concrete everywhere . . fucking boring as shit, 
  no shit ? 
  with such an onhit build i 'd go hurricane somewhere in the build :d, 
  then tell me please , why does kayle e procs it . 
  stop referring to the wiki as a bible . 
  hey, 
  who talked aobut spell vamp ? 
  `` reported for ks '' ( i did 90 % dmg ), 
  actually they have the same voice actor . 
  you might see similarities in shaco/karthus/ryze / mord voices too ^ ^ they are voiced by adam harrington . 
  i 'd say 60 % lol, 
  ^ ( like i care ), 
  oops , my bad then, 
  can you . . elaborate ? 
  pls ? 
  i dont get it  . <, 
  oh , i thought it was a reference . . fucknig reddit insticts :d, 
  i once fed ashe a redbuff by mistake , he went on a killing spree of 8 kills, 
  im not native english okay ? 
  its a typo okay, 
  i got 2 coop vs ai loss , i cant even explain :(, 
  no , our family has one too . 
  and we still use it, 
  the pot is operational, 
  you mean ap offtank soraka ? 
  abyssal and rylais is so core on her . . so is tear, 
  max cdr , throw enemy supers to fountain, 
  now what do you would say to me when i pick malz and say `` ad '' ? 
  does the pick in itself counts as trolling , even though i play seriously ( and tryhardl legit ) ? 
  every single abam . 
  oh , i see , we got a different definition of trolling then . 
  mine is slightly wider i think  i completely agree with you , anyway . 
  yeah and people using 4 year old samsungs shoulg go fuck themselves right ? 
  jesus here . . daddy ? 
  i find him funny . 
  i like fun . 
  enough reason to upvote . 
  haters gtfo, 
  something something gods work shomething something riothirethisman something something choo choo, 
  ^ ( but really , thanks ), 
  an imgur library format would get you to the frontpage , just saying, 
  thats why i use a hp regen seal bitch, 
  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm scream , i like it when you scream, 
  jarvan + kayle vs. lee sin + panth bot lane ... only in highest level of play, 
  ^ ( and in 400 elo lol ), 
  lol, 
  no to mention if oyu get tanky enogh to auto spam under ult that is basically an easy ghost . 
  fuck this shit , i 'm moving overseas . 
  no love for eve ? 
  anyone ? 
  ^ ( * goes back to corner , sobbing * ), 
  you might consider a warmogs there, 
  `` troll '' is highly overestimating, 
  yeah just how many weeks did volibear came our before mundo ? 
  yeah i thought so, 
  start red , level 2 level up q , gank top gg, 
  you mean promote rally, 
  a little bit of addition to eve : her w used to stun on the first spell or attack out fo stealth , which means her q could stun 2 targets . 
  that old q was also the lowest cooldown spell in the entire game . 
  ( .7 s on 0 % cdr ), 
  ftfy, 
  i think they just got ... 
  * owned *, 
  i mean , hp is very good on rammus since it scales with the immense resists u get from w. i wish there would be only hp tank items other than mogs so i can spam them on rammus . 
  i think malphite is a very solid counter against her . 
  she has a low-cd high-dmg one-target nuke , but other that that , her main damage are autoattacks so malph with a fh can shut her down in teamfights ( not in lane though , i guess .
