  it isnt a direct link though, 
  yeah i mean i have a french crew in the pak40 already, 
   six present now, 
  u wot m8, 
  whoops now that you mention . . brb, 
  rivendare recincarnate shaman, 
  actually , no . 
  most of the others were over-the-top `` look at me i am so patriot '' , this one is at least sophisticated, 
  i 'm going to take a wild guess and say he probably didnt have as much fun as you had , though ... 
  sadly , not many . 
  i 'm a 28 year old male , and this gif just woke up some really bad memories . 
  obviously cant 100 % relate , but from when i was 6 years old to late high school i got harassed like that daily . 
  not for the same reasons but i think i have a clue about how she might have felt when she got to knew what this man did in his background . 
  it 's not pleasant . 
  i hope nadia 's will and self esteem is strong , because it can cause some serious emotional damage if not . 
  especially because it is based on a thing ( her looks and her sex ) that is permanent so she is always in the `` danger '' of getting harassed like that , so from now on she could be in permanent fear of when they will try to make fun of her again . 
  it took me nearly 20 years to realize that its an abnormal human behavior and perpetrators of it are the scum of the earth . 
  one of the worst ways to fuck up someone . 
  to the point : nobody seems to care . 
  even the better kind of people i met were like `` man up '' . 
  to me it was the same as the bullying itself . 
  making fun of my low self-esteem by implying i can just `` man up '' and deal with the situation . 
  ( trivializing the issue ) . 
  i guess people need to realize this is a very serious issue . 
  thankfully i 'm over it now ( bullying did n't end , it never will , it just doesnt affect me any more ) , but i hope this girl either realizes whats happening ( so she is already over it ) or has people around her who tell them whats up . 
  and this disgusting human ( the bully ) can go to hell, 
   not him, 
  you might wan na rethink what you just wrote . 
   you are the problem, 
  take poe 's law into consideration , also always recheck what you read , maybe its from sarcasm or irony or some failed joke . 
  i think maybe / u/kandoh wasnt 100 % serious, 
  had , yeah, 
  what exactly ? 
  ( other than being oversensitive ), 
  also , i would like to know why i 'm being downvoted, 
  its not like you dont have any . 
  i mean i stated i 'm 28 years old yet you call me kiddo, 
  i heard tier 1 games only get 4 maps . 
  my t1 cunningham says hello to himmelsdorf, 
  i got premium tanks however most of them i got as a gift , or farmed them myself with mission ( spershing , is6 ) , the rest i bought long ago . 
  ( the lowtier ones . ), 
  i havent had the option to buy anything for myself for 6 + months , and i 'm running out of premium soon . 
  ( wz missions ) . 
  i 'm also on the last ht mission and last tdmission with no tanks available to complete those ( so a t34 would be epic ), 
  can it be done with the is-7 or should i grind another heavy instead ? 
  thanks , will look into it later . 
  haha , salty much ? 
  i like the genuine enthusiasm presented in the video , and the laughs . 
  brought a smile to my face , 
  not really imo . 
  you could just ask the happy version of you how he got happy , or ask for his/her help, 
  lmao , ppl downvoting you because they dont know sarcasm, 
  i am not here for the karma so i dont give a shit . 
  must be a girl, 
   the chi-ri is n't nearly as bad as it seems . 
  dont worry about the cromwell , its probably very hard to get excellence in it because every good player has one, 
  yeah , if you think about it its a better nashorn ( if you spam apcr from the short 88 that is ), 
  dunno dude i got 29 pascucci 's out of 22k games.although most of them are in my fast tanks - 8 in e-25 , 10 in t67 and 5 in pz .1 c, 
  dont forget the excellent he shell capable of 1shotting many unarmored tier 3-4 tanks , and in some cases tier 5 tds like the flakbus, 
   abusing view range is tear enhancing . 
  then the tier 3 winner is pak40, 
  would add excelsior to the list . 
  it is very similar to the playstlye of kv-220, 
  well the pascucci is about luck while the pools is about skill , so i wouldnt compare the two, 
  with the short 88 it becomes a dpm monster . 
  240 dmg every 4 sec is insane on tier 6 ( jt88 has that dpm ... ), 
  i dont mess up anything . 
  both tanks have the exact same rof ( 11.11 ) and has the same alpha . 
  and by every 4 sec i meant it - i ran the jp4 with the crew i grinded the wte100 with , so it was already 4 skill when i put them in + chocolate because i heard people talking shit about this tank so i figured i do everything to shorten the grind . 
  i finished it in 63 games, 
  yes, 
  yes there is . 
  a sore loser, 
  m46 has nowhere near the dpm of comet tier for tier , though, 
  league of legends has way more cancer . 
  i left that game for wot because of the community . 
  just imagine the chat in wot , squared , and the fact that the battles at least 20 minutes long and 40 min games are not rare . 
  with the same people flaming you all the way . 
  point taken . 
  a-43 is also ramtastic, 
  yeah . 
  i uninstalled in september i think , just reinstalled 2 days ago . 
  played one game , to see maybe i was too intolerant . 
  nope , same cancer . 
  lol he really looks like paul walker, 
  that shit cray, 
  not anymore, 
  both , actually . 
  he has exactly 30k xp and he doesnt want to jinx it, 
  not really , a su-26 for example cant, 
   90 % of the games i 'm lowest tier . 
  confirmation bias detected, 
  i am willing to bet you are desperately trying to defend your argument just like people with confirmation bias do . 
  90 % is bullshit, 
  lol, 
  whoooosh, 
  with all those flashing bright text i couldnt even comprehend what other things are on the screen ... 
  23.8 gb but i dont delete anything . 
  the bottom line is , it wipes a more valuable card so it has more value . 
  100 % agree .
