  in the end . . 
  bah , fuck it, 
  oh yeah smart idea , i forgot about that so i spent like 50 walls/turn just to defend his attacks ... more units more lag . 
  calculating his attack and how much more blastforges i need for walls , was a big part of the time it took to take a turn . 
  yeah but khazix is better on almost every single aspect, 
  he is also almost completely useless if you fall behind meaning on the long term its harder to maintain a set win ratio than kha, 
  all i can speak about are the areas to live in budapest . 
  sadly there arent many areas optimal to young people . 
  the city in itself is very young friendly with all the bars and places to have fun/eat etc. , but the flats . . 
  most of the inner city is huge apartment houses with shitty common spaces , i mean there are mostly `` hung corridors '' almost falling off for example . 
  i cant really speak about the high-end living standards here but i think if you can pay for it , go for it , because where the middle class lives ( even the higher ones ) there is a tendency ( in the innercity ) to just not care about renovating common spaces . 
  ( you can find very nice apartments though , if you dont mind that when you open your door , some snuck-homeless people greet you , or just the smell of what they left there ... 
  also , the age distribution in these old apartment buildings is very wide , meaning not everyone thinks the same about the standards about living there . . endlessly complaining grumpy old men , a certain uncultured minority ( sorry its the truth ) , late night parties with huge speakers behind open doors . . it can happen . 
  actually you might seek out some universities for dormitories , they sometimes offer short or longterm rooms to rent and you are basically amongst similar people . 
  but i speak from a lower middle class perspective ( read : im poor as shit ) so some other people might alter the picture . 
  oh , and stay away from living in the 8th district . 
  it 's the harlem of budapest , basically . 
  yep and the jew district is very clean , unsurprisingly, 
  well , by clean i meant realative to other parts of the city  but i agree your point, 
  that nose piercing is well placed . 
  because they havent got used to use whisper yet ? 
  callista was the name of luke skywalker 's wife too . . 
  when i last had that problem we measured cpu speed by megahertz ... 
  can amumu do that too , with w ? 
  oh yeah when a 32 mb ram geforce2 mx video card was the shit , good times . 
  i dont give a shit about french , my problem was that he bmed me, 
  maybe he hit multiple targets on fire or ammoracked someone, 
  yeah mfw when its takes 2 minutes to download a program that takes afloppy disk, 
  no offense but that is more like the saddest moment of ** american ** sports ... 
  well , that means we have different definitions of jew district . 
  its my fault probably , i only got told where is that and someone might just . . lets say hid the bigger picture :d, 
  the last sentence sounds like a reference , care to explain ? 
  screw the penis , too, 
  that camera looks like it will satisfy your needs for a long time !, 
  i cant explain how happy i felt when i got a similar category one ( nikon d60 ) , sadly its malfunctioning now , but at least i can be happy for you because `` i know that feeling '' :d, 
  have fun with your hobby !, 
  i guessed so . . but still dont understand, 
  thanks, 
  how about varus w and evelynns q, 
  thats because sion w is half about the passive, 
  diana has hard cc in an aoe form and is used in hard engage comps , especially with orianna . 
  [ sigh ... ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/662/092/83e.jpg ), 
  i would say in aram he can work with hybrid runes and 30/0 and maxing q+e as usual but buying ap . 
  that way the early game can be nice with all the base damages . 
  yeah . 
  it used to do it , though , but that was release cait ulti proccing onhit effects.now it doesnt, 
  i guess it was the regi fanbase when he shittlalked monte, 
  yeah , but the question was about ap panth . 
  ap panth is just about as useful as an ap tmundo now, 
  yeah , but ap mundo suffers from the same drawbacks as almost any meta champ built-non-meta way : either not enough defense being able to put in the build ( mpen mundo is more likely to pull off with the only real offensive item being liandrys ) or there is no midgame power or the power curve is so wierd that even though lategame is ok , he gets raped until that ( ap varus for example needs 3 items before doing damage ), 
  so even though it works in theory in reality it rarely does . 
  i say that being the biggest fan of triforce yoyos eve , i think its disgustingly broken , but . . you got ta go in melee range and it sometimes just doesnt work vs champs like ezreal, 
  yet lovable . 
  please dont fix lakeville , after the corridorization of several maps its the only remaining map where i have a giggle in loading screen when i 'm top tier in a t67 or e25, 
  i like the editing , it myde the video more interesting by addint emotional touch , very nice . 
  would watch more . 
  very informative . 
  well done !, 
  yeah , kv1s looks like a better version of pz 4 now, 
  well its very old hardware so he was probably like `` if this doesnt work then might as well throw it out '', 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  makes me want to go to japan even more . 
  woosh, 
  how to make enemies rage . 
  acquire howitzer . 
  auto aim . 
  wait until they go back behind cover . 
  fire , and hit them from above . 
  harvest their tears . 
  so free i spent 300 dollars on it ... 
  it does for me , care to explain ? 
  wait let me recount that . 
  yeah , more like 700, 
  ( i got most of my skins on sales . . funnily enough the acc i spent that money on is now banned ), 
  okay , but you are implying that one can not like sports if he doesnt `` get into it '' . 
  he probably meant `` get into it '' as in actually doing the sport competitively , he might not be a native and uses the `` get into it '' expression improperly as many foreigners do . 
  i got used to it to the point where i imply he uses it incorrectly thats why it made sense to me . 
  i think he meant that he never really played irl sports but enjoys watching them and he told that by saying `` never really got into it '' because many direct translations of this expression means something else in foreign languages ( for example mine ), 
  read my comment again, 
  that would be even more awesome because he has a line `` they are thrash ! '', 
  oh i dont argue it doesnt make sense , i mean it makes sense to me and i told you why , i also understand why it doesnt makes sense to you, 
  bear with me please , i am not a native english speaker and i suck at grammar too . 
  shoot the mantlet or the cupola , or sidescrape him and spam he . 
  is it really hard to shoot the mantlet on it ? 
  it can be penned with e25 ... 
  or warlight , its what i played , extremely configurable and competitive, 
  its not just skins . . rune pages , release day champ bundles , ip boosts , name change ... possibilities are endless, 
  you mean gangplank, 
  the exact line is '' i hear you 're trash !, 
  bow before your king !, 
  and it is a taunt . 
  keep spamming taunt , he has 4 different ones, 
  . . princess mononoke anyone ? 
  you mean stronger ? 
  the strongest tier 5 tank is still probably the t67, 
  especially because the jt gun exists on a ceratin t10 td with less rof, 
  yeah , not including scout tank imo . 
  but the t67 is one of the rare tanks where it doesnt really matter if you are top or bottom tier . 
  yup , with less damage per minute .
