  hey , we are here , 
  as a matter of fact , i 'm really bored right now in general , and would like to listen to other people , and genarally curious , so if you want you can hit me up with a pm , we can talk about anything . 
  even your problems . 
  especially those actually . 
  i am learnign sociology , planning to get into social psychology and right now i feel like i want to know everything about everyone , so as i mentioned , if you feel like , we can chat about just about everything . 
  ( i also have mumble , teamspeak , skype and some other connection programs if you prefer live words . ), 
  there are definitely people out there , 
  get up , take a shower , or opena window to let some fresh air in , or just wash your face , or just take a walk , preferably outside , and take deep breaths , trying to not only get air in , but a little of the surrounding world itself . 
  analyze what you see before you , find beauty in it , and try to think about it , roll your thoughts like a snowball downhill and you will find yourself thinking about what is good . 
  then convince yourself that is something to live for . 
  that 's a start . 
  now get your ass to work on it . 
  i have been in the same situation : i found beauty in ** realizing ** peoples mistakes in social interaction ( especially my own ones lol ) and tadaaaaam , now i 'm studying sociology . 
  you are on a road that leads to beautiful things . 
  do n't fear to take more steps :d, 
  your so doesnt sound like he/she is your real so ... 
  can i have a good explanation of what are triggers exactly ? 
  in this context ? 
  i 'm foreign and i have no good idea , really, 
  just continue getting led by your heart and dont let your anxious brain stop it . 
  cant tell much more because i 'm not miles ahead of you either :d, 
  i mean that a real so supports you all the shit you go through and be there when you need him/her . 
  if an so would be mad at me because of what i am , i would at least question his/her feelings about me ... 
  he/she also doesnt believe you that you are depressed . . 
  love is about trust , too ... 
  because he might not be the right person for you it seems ... 
  you might not realize this because you feel emotianally attached therefore biased , but there is a thing called `` addiction to relationships '' and you might experience it right now . 
  do n't get trapped man . . 
  oops , i slipped , sorry . 
  to my defense there is no gender prefix in my language ( we use the same word for him and her ) so i have to concentrate , 
  you sound like you need professional help , no offense . 
  try consulting a better one than the ones you contacted . 
  i got too emotional . 
  it is except its only comforting to you , and there is absolutely no waking up next morning ... 
  not worth it imo . . 
  im glad i failed at suicide, 
  `` prime of your life '' is entirely subjective ... 
  i know of a 80something year old guy in my old town , he is always cheerful , caring , sociable , he even drives a car to anywhere he wants , he is feeling more powerful than ever . . 
  even though the love of his life is dead and he was a survivor of a labor camp in the '50s . 
  i think he is at the prime of his life . 
  who are you to say your prime is now ? 
  it might be 30 years from now . 
  it better stay dead , reddit is a shit place to tell secrets for , anyways . 
  i think this post belongs more like on / r/self because it might fall into the third rule of / r/offmychest . 
  thanks , probably will do . 
  as you wish, 
  so they consistent in baffling you ? 
  could be that wolf camp hit you ? 
  big wolf does 6 and little wolf does 3 damage , and there were bugs with that camp before where their damage would turn up as true dmg on recaps . 
  you mean `` mature gamer '' ? 
  no problem , hope you are better now !, 
  definitely not . 
  as you can see they are only suspended on one edge , the other edge is fixed to the walls . 
  the cables , judging by that they have to endure a certain amount of mass every time ( by law apparently . . there is a thing called architecture standards , in those there is a specific amount of mass that every single step has to endure , every time ) , so these cables , are probably oversized because the common atitude of architects `` lets build a better-than-required, 
  just in case '' . 
  which means they are probably ( i 'd say for sure ) just as strong as any other method of fixing the inner edge of stairs , for example a `` blade wall '' or metal bars or whatever . 
  source : studied architecture for 4 years ( havent finished tho ), 
  wouldnt that be illegal though ? 
  at 15a ? 
  jesus fuck that is so cringe, 
  post like this is what makes me feel like the feminists hate on gamers isnt fully without reason . . 
  no , you should hate anyone at all , ever . 
  what i am saying that this post objectifies the woman in question which might make some women offended . 
  i dunno , you might be right but i think objectification is an existent issue, 
  this is an interesting argument . 
  i 'll think about that more , lets see where it goes, 
  needbeta, 
  bertone is the midas of car design . 
  so ... an 1 hour delay , or am i lost in timezone conversion ? 
  or both, 
  along with marcello gandini , but that is more like my personal opinion than my objective judgment , 
  welp , looks like i have to bookmark a timezone converter  .  it 's the reason i missed a few streams too, 
  also the diablo , the miura , the urraco , and other iconic cars like lancia stratos , bugatti eb110 , and de tomaso panthera . 
  italians are the shit when it comes to car design , it looks like . 
  [ yup ] ( http://www.classicandperformancecar.com/front_website/octane_interact/modelpicture.php?id=2493 ), 
  [ first thing that popped into my mind when i saw the new engineer art :d ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jqsjj1c.png ), 
  they just did !, 
  woooooo, 
  elyot was streaming the whole time , also doing other stuff like giveaways and communicating with twitch chat , and he got to 2nd place , impressive given his handicap , 
  ass creed :d, 
  now go apologize to possible readers of / r/suicidewatch , / r/offmychest , / r/depression and / r/trueoffmychest . 
  edit : should have stayed in those subreddits . 
  i just hoped that comics were for fun . 
  and `` you have anxiety haha '' doesnt sound funny to me, 
  better than their current midlaner for sure . . imo, 
  well after speding 7 hours on the er because of psychosomatic ( chronic depression + anxiety ) spleen malfunction-induced stomach pains , it doesnt feel funny at all . 
  and i 'm not the worst people who has a problem to speak about , in the aforementioned subreddits . 
  spotted the 9gagger, 
  on a lancer ?? 
  game was written in a terrible coding environment , i presume . 
  could you please pay a bit or respect ? 
  your attitude doesnt help getting an answer . 
  `` okay '', 
  ye but they can induce lazy coding resulting in problems like that, 
  or maybe ironic, 
  do not watch the related videos, 
  nsfl material in some of them, 
  yeah , its not like he is not good-looking , but self-confidence is what makes the photo really good, 
  24 day only -100 ? 
  try harder,
