  yes it does , its the point of upvoting . 
  upvoting literally means `` i think this is good so lets push it up '', 
  or morgana, 
  ahh good old times . 
  i had 400 games as eve in s1 with a 1:2 kda . . but with a 60 + % win ratio , 
  i guess they are remaking her baceuse she was not very appealing to play . 
  like ... they didnt get too much money for selling lb skins because no one plays her . 
  idk , less silence , no defense at all . 
  kass at least has the passive . . and some sustained damage with w if the opponent is hard to burst down . 
  and . . veigar ? 
  nope , mostly roaming eve . 
  nothing like blowing a level 1 flash , 
  did i say `` no ? '', 
  i like it when they screeeeeeaaaaammm ... 
  nope , he is 0/1/0 . 
  he used revive . 
  that would mean he has a lot of assists . 
  yup , you are addicted . 
  welcome to the club . 
  there was a fucking year when every single day i had the same dream about playing eve mid ( this was back at season 1 ... see i think in league time too ) , every game was the same . 
  the weird thing about it was that i always bought phage , aegis and wits end and i always won . 
  it really haunted me though to a point when i just wanted to stay up till 4 am so i fell into a deeper sleep or something so i dont have to experience it again - . -, 
  a month break helped . 
  i dont . 
  i bet she has . . lets just say , more fur where i dont prefer it . 
  i played revive smite eve ( you know when you die to red at level 2 and shit ) , also i consistently died for kill + assist in ganks . 
  also i usually started to give kills to carries when i was ahead . 
  i guess you never heard of sorakabot right ? 
  you had to die to red in order to gain a massive hp buff so you can solo both buffs and gank with a huge advantage . 
  sorakabot 's method was nowhere near bronze league , he climbed to rank 1 on eu iirc , and his way was even played on na servers as well . 
  oh , i mean i always had more deaths than kills . 
  i had a shitton of assists though . 
  by kda i meand kill death ratio , now i see i used the expression wrong . 
  blu mar ten are one of the artists whom i can call `` artist '' . 
  absolutely love their tracks , all of it . 
  especially thi one , 
  crosspost this to / r/happy !, 
  he bought lw before ie iirc . 
  indeed it is . 
  also i feel like a bit uninformed when i found out they are hungarian ( like me ) , 
  the fuck ? 
  why is he using hungarian words for almbu title/track title then ? 
  i 'm confused . . 
  looks like i got ta check it out more, 
   the strongest attack speed steroid skill in the game ( 140 % on q ), 
  nope . 
  it 's on double q , and single q gives 50 while empowered gives 100 . 
  that is 150 %  on a single skill use it doesnt even counts as the strongest as steroid as both fiora and evelynn has 120 %, 
    on a single skill use it doesnt even counts as the strongest as steroid as both fiora and evelynn has 120 %, 
  yup , my bad, 
  care to explain to people from r/all ? 
   those with high blood pressure, 
  with low pressure too ( sadly ), 
  he was better with 5 gunblades :d, 
  now that i think about it . . 2philo +3 hog poppy anyone ? 
  on a second note i think low cholesterin values are also a no-no . 
  at least that is what they told me when i tried to donate . . all 5 times . 
  or karthus bot . 
  i dcd for 10 minutes from a botgame ( shh i was powerleveling ) and he had 25 kills . . 
  i dont see it a full problem that they give `` not real '' answers . 
  i take that as a sign that most people have different wiews on the topic and different pictures in their head about the expression i 'm talking about . 
  given the fact that a lot of people just trying to post witty responses for cheap karma , i did n't expect much anyway . . [ thefournier 's response ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/whatstheword/comments/1h15hw/wtw_for_someone_who_hashad_struggles_with_growing/caq0gfb ) seems decent though , i think i 'll use it . 
  if that is true , people would worship nika . 
  i do n't know where you read that it 's renaissance revival , but it is wrong . 
  correct is gothic revival ( neo-gothic is we call it here ), 
  to be a bit nitpicky the proper term is `` eclecticism '' which is basically free use of stylistic elements from classical to baroque ( because the building was designed in that era - the ecleticism era ) . 
  but the architect ( steindl ) used mainly neo-gothic elements so that is why neo-gothic ( or gothic revival , as you like it ) is also a good term . 
  were you been to barcelona ? 
  i was born in budapest and lived here , nowadays i go there basically everyday . . but i spent 17 hours in barcelona and i fell in love with it . 
  just curious what the foreigner might like in my hometown , 
  good call  although the parliament does not refer to the building itself ( like in hungary ) the name you thought of is probably the [ palace of westminster ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palace_of_westminster ), 
  ok , now elaborate please ... :, 
  the summoner name is right next to my flair . 
  now guess ... 
  dude , in silver and gold everything is viable . 
  i stomped ( had 20 + kills and won ) with ap mf , ap gangplank and ad carry eve ... 
  with 2 pd and ie ? 
  except ad eve sucks because she is too squishy for an ad melee champ with no steroids ( except a 120 % ias wich is quite unuseful because most of it is lost due to kiting ), 
  just like ap trynd right ? 
   that does obide by the rules we have to be linked by us . 
  wow , you really set rules for subreddits in order to be linked by anything else than related content ? 
  please . 
  i 'm not a gay , nor i visit / r/lolgaymers . 
  but i think the simple fact that it is a legue related subreddit makes it so you have to include the ling in the sidebar if you want to maintain an image of a neutral subreddit . 
  thanks for the clarification and sorry if i appeared offensive , that wasnt my intention . 
  freckles < 3, 
  8/10 , almost model face ^ ^, 
  agreed, 
  no man , that means you have to make extra sure . 
  also then , who goes bot ? 
  junglers are jnuglers for a reason : they are safe , can take a few hits in little skirmishes and an actually worthy addition to the team with significantly less gold . 
  the only carry i could imagine being ok from the jungle is master yi , but that is only because his strength is his extremely fast clear speed , but even him is completely buttfucked by nunu , both in premades and solo queue ... 
  10 str , 10 in , heavy hander hoarder . 
  so fun in hc , but rewarding . 
  1 endurance makes you think about what armor woulda been better etc. 
  not just automatically equip the best . 
  or try 10 per 10 luck , tag energy weapons and repair , take all the crit traits and perks + laser commander + meltdown . 
  laser critboom snipes are fun . 
  maybe he had revive . 
  technically , you arent , but essentially you are .
