  you can always ask for a laneswitch . 
  also i dont really an irelia pro so when i play i use as quints , maybe even swap them for ad, 
  dont think its 1 % so stay in bed :d, 
  i thought mao can finish him but nope , lifesteal !, 
  regi missing every single ult , lol, 
  well i do . 
  listen you are trying hard to disprove me . 
  all you need to know is that i played from one morning to next day 's evening and i got close to 0 ip from beginning ( 50-something ) and after the session i got 6300 . 
  why is it so hard to believe . . is it so uncommon to play for 8-10 hours straight ? 
  dont think you need ms quints on irelia , coz you have mutiple slows and a gap closer . . but maybe im not the best person to ask for , about irelia . 
  http://www.lolpro.com/guides/irelia/74-irelia-top-lane is a good guide written by sydtko , i recommend to use it , but you can twist it to your needs of curse . 
  i hope they will create a subreddit for asholes soon, 
  wondering the same about the magnificient twisted fate ... 
  that classifies as missing in my language , translation problem here, 
  ask my ancestors lol, 
  reworked eve . 
  that means you better come up with it before i quit , motherfuckers !, 
  i was initially thought it will not worth 16 minutes of my time , but i had nothing elso to do and i listened all through it ... 
  . . and i agree with every single word of stonewall , and more : i feel his words justified , and to the point . 
  but i continue playing ranked , sorry . 
  i want to know where is the limit of my play . 
  what you do is pretty much streghten a negative attitude against eve players and i hope you do fuck off . 
  misunderstanding here , sorry on my part . 
  i play jungle/roam eve and i hate to get rage just baceuse of the pick , coz i can play eve well , maybe even more that they play their champs . 
  please clarify your statements more , because perpetrating the rumor `` eve is bad '' even though its true , is like bullying homosexuals . 
  we dont like if they fuck with us . 
  can we just play eve in peace ? 
  even tiamat is better ... way better . 
  well your ranked team can have an opinion , and the rest of the community can have another . 
  wow . 
  just wow, 
  i 've been reading material about how to become a better player every day , different sources and i feel like i 've read through the bible 40 times ... also tried to figure things out myself ... and i still kept asking myself `` how can i lose with 12-0 top ww ? '', 
  and there you come . 
  willing to type for about 2 minutes only for me . 
  carefully explaining in a few sentences about what i 've been doing wrong ( yeah i have few normals compared to ranked ) . 
  you sir , are my new role model . 
  thank you for your time , and peace . 
  they both fill the same role in a team , so i guess top players need more balanced teams where each champion fills a different role to execute tactics more coherent . 
  who wants to have 2 goalkeeper in a football team ? 
  honest downvoteception, 
  oh god that good timew when i ran support soraka with 25 armor pen ... they were surprised about my harass dmg l0l, 
  sf2 fuck yeah, 
  i 'm kinda tired of answering evelynn-related things to these questions , but for me . 
  its 's hate spiking a shrouded akali . 
  i just stroll around , and she just dies invisibly :d, 
  also , blind cleavers over a wall, 
  exactly :d, 
  these jokes are phreaking outdated, 
  this . 
  taunt , true damage ... 
  my parents banned me to play diablo 2 as well when i was 16 . but i found a way to work around it to play 2000 more hours till they recognited it :d, 
  there are basically 3 ways to build ad carries :, 
  1 . triple dorans-wriggles-phantom dancer-infinity edge-last whisper-qss-bloodthirster, 
  bf sword-vamp scepter-infinity edge-phantom dancer-last whisper-qss-bloodthirster, 
  bloodthirster-phantom dancer-infinity edge/last whisper - last whisper/infinity edge-qss, 
  probably qss more early or swapped to ga, 
  ] ( http://www.myfacewhen.net/uploads/3223-dafuq-did-i-just-read-.jpg ), 
  well yes , but if you buy sometihngg liek madreds on kog , he is not an ad carry anymore . 
  not my build , its the op 's build . 
  i never build gb on ad carries lol . 
  well maybe in borderline cases . 
  good point . 
  but what if i build him full ap , is that still called ad carry ? 
  oh missed that acronym , didnt know , soz, 
  plese use the goddamn search function, 
  how is that a waste if you won bot with it ? 
  lol, 
  exactly . 
  totally . 
   milk thirsty, 
  ftfy :d, 
  to the infinity !, 
  shen is better in top , he scales much better with items . 
  you can even play nautilus ap mid . 
  me neither hue, 
  exactly , i got 600 ranked wins and sometimes i got carried by ppl with 30 wins lol, 
  just gtfo . 
  you dont say ? 
  you mean you finally fount out how photoshop works ? 
  corp mundo is awesome . 
  regarding build : just follow rincent 's guide , one of his mains is mundo and he is a top-elo player . 
  i use pretty much the same build except i switch as quints for spell vamp . 
  ( i also got the gree one and the corp as well , they all look different and cool :d ), 
  inb4 over9000 jokes, 
  ugh , you forgot sivir and vayne, 
  also mid xin if i recall correctly, 
  dont really remember, 
  shen is now god-tier in top lane , he almost sustains like ww, 
  feels like the old jax without passive, 
  same i think , except shen top, 
  dominion game start bugsplats too much , dont think there are many others this significant, 
  i guess you left after shyvana came out so besides her there is ahri , a good ap carry totally tournament-viable but still not the best . 
  and the newest champ fiora looks like the new master yi but only better . 
  might worth a shot , her builds are varying , might wait until pros figure her out . 
  jungle camps now give mana , many new bots , starks reowrked into zekes ( now give cdr to you and as/lifesteal aura ) , sword of divine removed and iionic spark now available in sr. 
  i disagree about shen being good in jungle i think mundo is better , even better than shyvane . 
  and i think it was n't saintvicious popularizing him , diamondprox used him at kiev and also we should give credit to rincent . 
  she is more of a counterjungler now , the ablility to cripple the other jungler 's farm is one of the best in this game . 
  not really , ionic spark is not worth ithe gold in almost all of the cases . 
  you might have a very strong point ther and made me think .
