  i 'd paint the wheel a little darker but it just might be the photo or the angle , i dont know . 
  that , and the stickers need to be removed as others suggested . 
  otherwise you have a damn nice looking car , 
  yeah all signs point to the t69, 
  interesting . 
  i had 5k + dmg in a spersh once , with an enemy team at least having 6 tds . 
  fuck me i didnt complete the mission - for some reason tds always get blown up when i spot them , even in tier 10 ( i admit i failplatooned out of desperation ), 
  edit : i 'm on the t55a missions , so ... got another set of platoon missions * wink wink *, 
  remember , you are not a `` customer '' , you are a cash cow getting milked . 
  i remember hopping on the test server , researching the e3 , loading full apcr and cola . 
  many lulz were had, 
  say that to muh cgc, 
   pictured above is an image from the online game, 
  well there is a t92 in the game so they got newer tanks as well !!!!, 
  ! 444444four, 
  well they are all getting rekt by the t-150 so ... 
  confirmation bias detected, 
   the `` kill 2 enemy artillery '' spg 10.2 mission, 
  platoon with 2 arty , get something with high rof ( bert is obvious but low range , something like a gwpanther is very good ), 
  actually , not really . 
  the beauty of gaudi 's work is that the process required to build them is very natural , and the structures itself hold a lot of clever solutions as well . 
  for example the parabolical shape of the arcades seen in the sagrade fam\u00edlia was acquired by hanging a thousand of ropes , attaching weights to them then putting clay on the rope model . 
  [ this image ] ( https://i0.wp.com/dardens.smugmug.com/year2011/barcelona/sagrada-familia-museum/i-jgshnjb/0/m/gaudimuseum-008-m.jpg ), 
  is upside down for example, 
  you should have tried harder then, 
  your mom is pc / s, 
  yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh except the hellcat doesnt need 4 repair kits, 
  thanks for setting a good example . 
  i look up to you . 
  server : eu, 
  area of expertise : camouflage abusing , spotting , and artillery, 
  wot username : lefexel, 
  wn8/win rate : around 2000 atm , 2200 recent, 
  wotlabs/noobmeter profile wont work cause reasons stated below, 
  other information : i had about 30k games , but after about 18k i reset my acc so i dont have many tanks . 
  right now i 'm grinding them back , so my max tier is 8 although i can scout in tier 9-10 np . 
  in some borderline cases it can be more effective not having camo . 
  for example in the pz . 
  ii your gun has a small effective range so you want to spot the enemy as late as possible so that your teammates dont steal your damage . 
  and you spot them by baiting them to fire, 
  source : ehm uhm ehm . . errrrrrrr . . lets just say i like the pz 2, 
  yes that is what i mean . 
  i want to be spotted because the pz2 has no wiewrange, 
  not just lol, 
  on tier 2 there are only a few maps and on malinovka and mines the way i found out to spot a bit more people , is to poke over a ridge and make the enemy shoot me . 
  by shooting they reveal themselves ( coz they lowered their camo ) . 
  but for them to be able to shoot me they have to spot me . 
  well noz for the pz2 . 
  no autocannon can pen it at tier 2 without gold , and some single shot guns hve a trouble too . 
  no but your ammo loadout does, 
  passive agressive post complainign about people complainign about wrong crew skills, 
  no they arent, 
  edit : dumbfucks it was a joke, 
  no shit ?? 
  still . 
  just saying snipe works with malygos , also explosive trap, 
  it is tested , the middle of the mantlet ( right where the gun is ) is pennable and also if you lift your gun then you also `` create '' a weakspot below your mantlet, 
  that was super useful , thanks for the reminder . 
  i am not confident enough to use danish yet as i 'm only learning the language , but i can say it was useful to get reminded . 
  thanks . 
  lefexel ( su-14-2 ) reporting in . 
  stronk gold spam ( better splash = even if i miss i do damage ) if needed . 
  how is that relevant to the topic ? 
  and the vk 3001h ass looks like hes smiling, 
  yeah retards should not be allowed to have fun . 
  hello . 
  what 's up ? 
  by all means , please , i would like to hear your story too . 
  chaaarge ... one more !, 
  with the d meaning something other than drachtenberg this time, 
  lorraine : tank named after woman , everything penetrates . 
  yeah gwp has like 3m splash , try something with 6 + at least . 
  i did it with su-14-2 which has 8.5 m and it was hard ... 
  do spg-15 with a tier 5-6 arty with 80 % crew skill . 
  then clam the crew member as your commander . 
  lul the naivete, 
  kaspy got rekt by ilyumdzhinov for something ilyumdzhinov does on a daily basis . 
  this guy is a poster man for corruption . 
  8.8 , apcr , rammer vents optics . 
  tada , you are a wannabe e25 ( with better armor lul ), 
  can confirm league is way worse . 
  122 mm heat all the way baby, 
  the vk is better than the kv4 ? 
  what is the secret ? 
  i see , so you play the vk close to the stlye of , say , an fcm ? 
  imma grind it for you * wink *, 
  nope , not anymore . 
  and i live in elsewhere now, 
  can it ass scrape like the is-3 ? 
  underrated post, 
  i am a jobless person , and i also have depression so that means wot is pretty much the only thing i am willing to do anymore . 
  how about whirlwind battle rage ? 
  you also took damage and that , added to your blocked damage , equals to , or more than 1k . 
  no , it just adds to the `` damage counted towards steel wall '', 
  i did that with the stock tiger . 
  dude , green players are just as shit, 
  of course there is . 
  google is your friend because i am lazy as fuck, 
  maybe they are old . 
  maybe their computer is shit .
