  the bug is not there since beta though , it got introduced with a patch , i dont know which though, 
  i mean it is still wow , bad wording , sorry, 
  i was in nph-a . . for a good 2 hours . 
  i got accepted then we needed to play cw right away . 
  it was a free win ( we knew the enemy put down only 1 chip ) but still . 
  we rolled out form base , and a med ran into me , then a td tked me because i + blocked + the med . 
  i left the clan immediately . 
  thats what they did with eve in s2 . 
  champ too good ? 
  lets take away the stun , we will deal with her in 2 years, 
  oh was it back in season 1 then ? 
  time flies ... 
  well if you mean games by release date , yeah . 
  i just dont wiew wow as a 11 year old game because it gets updated regularly, 
  iirc those are for when you are stuck in mud you put it under the tracks, 
  pertty sure anything but mgs penetrated them, 
  platoon with other meds so the mm will give 3 meds to the enemy team ? 
  or its not working ? 
  well maybe thats because they suck, 
  aww , i tohught if it works for arty then it works for others too . 
  i mean , i was obvioulsy in games of heavies vs meds , but i tohught that now that they have different mm weight at least the chance is higher . 
  especially when `` fail '' platooning tier 10 and 1shotting a waffle mmmmm sweet tears, 
  wichita ? 
  it 's a well known city ( at least i think so , i 'm hungarian and i heard about it ), 
  yep , that is [ tazilon ] ( http://www.noobmeter.com/player/na/tazilon/1001220800/ ), 
  from what i gathered on reddit , he said he is not going to play tanks anymore because that would be supporting a russian game ( that was during the ukraine conflict unfolding ), 
  little does he know , that wg probably has no contacts in any government , especially not the russian because it is in minsk . . lol, 
  his website , i think , is still accessible via google archive, 
  more like the su-152 ( last ) gun . 
  ( has better gun stats than the is-6 ) but essentially yeah , same gun on kv-85 , t-44 , is , is-2 , is-6 and wz-111 , 110 , 112 and a lot others, 
  it has decent hp compared to other tier 7 td 's and every tier 7 td has problems in tier 9 so you just listed general mm problems which are not tied to the tank . 
  except for accuracy , yeah , but this tank is a close range fighter anyways . 
  if you learn to create and abuse opportunities you can have great games even in tier 8 . 
  tier 9 is a problem , yeah but name one tier 7 tank that doesnt gets rekt in tier 9 games ... 
  not really , it was pretty easy , if you used a little sense . 
  the wz mission had 2 gauges , one for dmg , one for kills . 
  since lower tiers have less hp . 
  all you had to do to sync , is farm hard with your favourite tank , and if you got more dmg than kills then play a lower tier tank , or if the opposite , play a higher tier tank . 
  i remember doing the soviet part in one day ( 8 playing hours , and i did the dmg part in 4 hours ) for the wz, 
  i mean , on all maps . 
  t29 has like , 3-4 maps it can dig itself in reliably , and even there arty can shrek it in one shot . 
  how the fuck you think that its a good idea to post in spanish ? 
  i see , it is a commonly spoken language , but only amongst people who speak one other language ( english ) anyways . 
  it 's not worldwide because they use english for that . 
  and so should you ... 
  o well and s-51 , m12 . . yeah yeah i mean tanks that get shot at, 
  and only first class lol, 
  only retards dont recognize the gun barrel size difference ... 
  not really , he is just obsessed with light tanks . 
  honestly , the fact that you took that time to count and write this , makes me think you are a sad person . 
  my point still stands . 
  yeah especially if they are in a rush . . point taken, 
  spg player here , yeah you can play without 6th sense , but in most of the situations it is kind of needed to maximize your potential , especially endgame . 
  there was a game wherer we won because of it . 
  i realized i had the most wiewrange in my s-51 ( we had 2 tds left and me , both 1shot ) so i went to spot and the tds killed 2 unspotted . 
  when my 6th popped , i knew where the enemy could come from , quickly turned and killed him . 
  if i didnt have 6th sense i might have reacted 3 seconds later which could mean my life ( and the game ), 
  not only it hit the jpe100 ( if i saw correctly ) but it also hit an area where it penned . 
  261 ap pretty much pens everything but the jpe , just like the e100 , has a few autobounce areas ... 
  just curious , which med would you not put optics on ? 
  that site only lists how much percentage those equipments are used . 
  it doesnt show which eq they arent using . . 
  they could use both . 
  vstab optics rammer are pretty much standard , and the vents are high up in the list also , yea . . but it doesnt show which equimpent they are swapping it to . 
  could be the rammer or the vstab , too, 
  the bot thing is more like rhetorical i assume . 
  he wants to state that this guy is a nolifer . 
  but when you go and spend 3 minutes of your time just to prove that this guy spend s a lot of time playing ( which we know already , the exact numbers doesnt matter ) , then who really is a nolifer ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  in my opinion , tazilon at least does what he enjoys doing . 
  that is life for me ? 
  did this guy enjoy this 3 minutes counting ? 
  oh , and if i recall they have better bas wiewrange anyways ? 
  now imagine how i like sideshots of them in my s-51 :d, 
  possibly the turret side ? 
  hell yeah , it eats credits like no other . 
  but it is super fun . 
  i sold 2 binos just to fund it , totally worth . 
  so what ? 
  i am not wrong , i didnt explicitly state anything , i just said could . 
  i would say probably you are right , as the numbers state that , but mathematically ( logically ) its not proven - you cant tell that what the 10 % of unicums that arent using vstab , using instead . 
  i know , you dont have to go lengths to pint it out . 
  simply downvoting would suffice . 
  no need to be an ass over it, 
  lol muffit you play hs now ? 
  sup man ? 
  long time no see, 
  that angle its probably overmatch , but it can pen superstructure easy with 360 pen, 
  i got 60 % in my s-51 ( only played 200 games tho ), 
  t-34-85 is hd iirc ? 
  i quit lol mostly , now playing world of tanks . 
  also playing hs . 
  are you still top of the ladder in lol ? 
  potentially great news for everyone , althought i think it can be easily misunderstood for guarantee period ( dont know the exact term in englsih ), 
  aww shit yeah . 
  on a second note i never meat anyone one eu i could ever accuse of cheating , so i cant be assed to care, 
  yes , thats the word !, 
  drop a rivendare too, 
  you got yourself a new fan . 
  those drawings are incredible , the last one is definitely world class .
