  an idiot would not be as high rated in chess than he would be . 
  i would call him misogynistic . 
  . . or , what i would say , `` idiot when it comes to women '' . 
  not an all-around idiot . 
  all women can compete in womens tournaments and open tournaments . 
  men can only go to open tourneys ... 
  jsut imagine the shitstorm if there would be a tournament for strictly men . 
  such as . . ? 
  i really hope it will get moved the the planned eu tree when it gets introduced , jsut like how the chi-nu kai was originally chinese first because there werent any japanese tree around . 
  also , fuck yeah hungarian tanks . 
  too bad it just seems like another t-25 . 
  but still . 
  iirc , the chi-nu kai was introduced before the jap tree was , and it got placed in the chinese techtree . 
  technically speaking it might have had japanese crews , idk . 
  i did see in on the techtree though, 
  kv-220 has a paper turret , and has to use gold vs. t6 . 
  i asked if it has any quality over the same tier tanks , and it doesnt beat the power of the kv-1 . 
  pz .2 j for the same reason doesnt beat , for example , the 1c or the 38t in terms of speed and gun , and the armor its worth nothing if you meet something over 60 pen, 
  s35 is hampered by mm just like any other tier 3 tank . 
  chur3 has paper turret , shit mobility and shit alpha . 
  it might be a good keeper for those who like to suck dick and get artied in order to rack up crew xp . 
  type 64 has 10 ( or 20 ) more wiewrange then the t37 . 
  so it scouts better ( same speed ) . 
  you can make credits with is-6 even with goldspam . 
  fcm - in a good player 's hand though , the armor becomes less relevant which is kind of my point . 
  agree on the 127 though . 
  my point is that what the kv-220 and the chur3 does , the kv-1 does better . 
  for example mount the 57 mm on kv1 and you got better alpha , dpm , accuracy , speed ( lol ) and turret armor than the churchill 3 . 
  all you got is 60 extra hp . 
  same with kv-220 . 
  it 's like you didnt even read the whole post , my point was to determine which tanks are equal or better than same tier tanks in good hands . 
  so where was the chi-nu kai was placed when it was in the game ? 
  so what you mean is , when i visited barcelona and slept on a bench right in front of the sagrada fam\u00edlia with my nikon and all my money on me , for 6 hours , that when i woke up and found everything as i put it , was extemely lucky ? 
  then my memory was wrong , sorry about that . 
  the thread is about prem tanks that are better than their non-prem coutnerparts . 
  there are no t8 french prem medium so there is nothing to compare to , other than different t8 meds . 
  416 is probably a better tank than the cdc . 
  until you meet a t-127 spamming gold . 
  you cant pen him , and he can pen you . 
  come on . 
  every tier 5 pens it with ease . 
  except probably the leopard . 
  oh yeah , forgot that one . 
  although you probably need a good crew for it because otherwise tds wreck you . 
  anything but the lowe , basically . 
  russian arty please , 
  thanks !, 
  yes , it did happen . 
  context : i arrived with a bus ( from hungary ) as a fan of veszpr\u00e9m hanball team who were to play barcelona next day . 
  our bus broke down in slovenia so we were 10 hours late . 
  arrived around 7pm to the city , and the motel was outside the city , so the bus had no time but to go to the motel . 
  i asked the driver to put me down in the city and lets meet tomorrow at the game , because i didnt suffer through 40 hours of bus travel just to see a fucking handball game . 
  so there i was , alone in the city at night , and i decided to photograph everything i can . 
  i didnt have any money ( except for the stuff i put away for the sagrada familia entrance next morning , and a few euros for food ) so i just walked the city , and outside of the sagrada familia i got very tired and sleepy . 
  so i put everythign away in my handbag and went to sleep . 
  absolutely nothing happened . 
  i even had the first place in the line at the entrance next morning , because apparently i fell asleep about a few steps from it . 
  actually i wonder why a guard or something didnt wake me up . 
  just a little bit too much duckface on first pic , its off-putting . 
  otherwise , very good looking , 
  russians have way more boom every single tier except 10 . 
  just sayin . 
  man i wish i could reset my account . 
  i mean it requires proof from all my purchases and i am not able to do that ( i got gold from mobile too , and deleted the smses ), 
  wg support employee ? 
  i though you mean something like my netbank support or something , but thanks , i might just go and reset my main acc someday . 
  thank you for expressing that . 
   do not blame your depression for why your life is why it is . 
  a huge part of it is the depression , but you can change things, 
  that is an interesting look on the thing . 
  i will go deeper into it and see how it can affect me . 
  maybe you helped me that way , who knows . 
  shoot he , always damage kappa, 
  one thing i can recommend for the washing-face problem : just move a bit , take a walk in the sun or something . 
  your face will sweat , and then you go to the bathroom your face will practically ask for a little wash . 
  it will feel so good ... 
  you were an asshole who teamkilled him because you think you were right . 
  he did get the context . 
  it 's just a different kind of asshole . 
  you , because you are an unicum and manned up and carried the team instead of crying about them . 
  oh , who am i kidding . 
  i dont think humans are making progress . . 
  stop bitching about it and move on . 
  o shit dude , you oneshot targets that just sat there for the entire duration of your aim and shell travel time , geez , grats i guess, 
  yeah 14 ) shitpost about it on reddit, 
  the real problem is that he will actually report you and of enough retards do the same you get banned anyways ... 
  because tking arties is not unsportsmanlike at all . 
  or '' #rekt '', 
  i wish riot would allow mods like wargaming does with world of tanks . 
  imagina a sound mod that replaces kill sounds with airhorns, 
  does it make a difference ? 
  well no , if enough ppl get you reported you get banned for a day, 
  kv-85 can also be useful in tier 6 strongholds ( for some tactics ) . 
  but yeah , with the is-7 line you can never go wrong . 
  i 'm a turtle player so i pretty much only play bf < 3, 
  well i suck , at least compared to people who mostly play online . 
  once i visited an aoe2 lan party , and every single of the ~ 12 ppl i played , including an 50 year old man , beat me to death . 
  the party lasted 4 days and on the end of the 2nd day i decided to only spectate :d, 
  itt : people who think arty doesnt take skill , and cant bother too look at average damages of tomatoes ( in arty ) stating they are just as good ( because arty doesnt take skill ), 
  lets laugh at retards some more , it will make us feel different .
