  t-150 comes to mind . 
  personally i did those in kv-220, 
  i got some 7k xp in a loltraktor . 
  bas xp max was 1990ish with su-122-44, 
  if you think top gun was yours this game i have bad news for you . . 
  he has to draw them . . :d, 
  isnt 2k dmg secondary though ? 
  isnt 2k dmg secondary though ? 
  welcome to your daily arty qq shitpost . 
  nothing to see here , move on . 
  perhaps it is the opposite and you are just doing wishful thinking, 
  so how did it not perish then ... ? 
  oh , no doubt its doable but the inferior gun ( well inferior to other lights such as type 64 , t37 or vk ) makes it so its harder to do damage , and the remade version of lt-15 now counts your damage as well, 
  this doesnt look any better than the t-43 which is shit ... 
  just counterbattery . 
  right from the start of the game , aim for the location you expect the other teams spg to be , and if you see a white line , that is the tracer of the shot the enemy spg just fired . 
  so just aim where it started and fire . 
  be wary though , if you hit right where you aimed and you dont get a kill that might mean the enemy arty is aware of counterbattery and moves a bit right after he shoots . 
  in that case try to counter another arty , or just forget the mission for that game . 
  platoon with 2 other arty to make sure there are 3 arty on the other team so you have a better chance killing 2 of them . 
  i used superpershing , and i completed it on first try ( both stug and t55a ) , but i guess i was just lucky . 
  what patron warrior , it could be a math warrior :d, 
  it better has more mobility than the vkp or else its just a shittier version of an ok tank, 
  first czech tank in where ? 
  there is a t-15 and a t-25 in the game you know ... 
  i 'm just here to remind you that / r/progresspics also exists :d, 
  then again , there isnt many lower tier tanks that are good for learning the game . 
  ( t-25 comes to mind , the others are either shit or difficult to play ) better just not buy any prem tank until he learsn imo . 
  is it considered `` on the tree '' when it is a premium tank though ? 
  generally a light tank should be equal or better than a same tier medium . 
  besides that , lategame finisher / opportunist flanker . 
  get behind a heavy tank later in the game ( or if he is alone ) , and pump shells in his ass . 
  sometimes they cant even fire back because of the lack of gun depression / turret travers ( circle them ) or reload . 
  i think its because its hard to find a spot with a light where you can abuse your advantage over same mmed meds . 
  especially if that spot is already occupied by some tomato . 
  it also looks like fully functional , with the shock absorbers and steering . 
  of course it is a czech tank . 
  i just think you kinda went a tiiiiny bit clickbait over that . 
  my definition of the `` tank tree '' is the researchable tanks . . 
  and i think the t-15 and the t-25 are stated czech by their description so they are explicitly czech ... 
  oh , believe me , if you arent sitting still , a same mm tank can still fuck you over , by camping in the middle of your scout patrol route for example . 
  or lemming training so he gets all the spot damage , tanking with this hp and surviving cause your team knows how to shoot . 
  no shit ? 
  we are arguing about definition and its clearly different between us ; you are just reiterating yours , why do you think it should change ? 
  i didnt want to change you either though , just put mine out there, 
  actually i appreciate the effort put into your post . 
  i have limited experience with hightier lights ( i have 1390 but not even a gun mark yet ) so all tips welcome  thanks !, 
  people want to complain . 
  its always easier to blame anything else than yourself . 
  well , that is what you think . 
  sadly it leaks into this subreddit as well, 
  propaganda is not real ?? 
  where do you live ? 
  its like you are farming it, 
  you are awesome :d, 
  ( i dont need the stuff ), 
  camo and dpm on a td . 
  o wait the e25 is perfect the way it is < 333, 
  shame some textures/shading/whatever make some parts of the game look infinitely worse than some other parts . 
  just look how the wood looks compared to the nice water . 
  yep . 
  quite odd , or should i say the opposite ? 
  the only thing the hungarians have common with the nords is that the language is supposed to be in the same family as the finns , although we dont share any of the grammar horror the finns have . 
  i for one trust in historians , but when you compare the finn and hungarian languages the last thing you think about is similarity . 
  anyways this particular word is just another example imo , other ( slavic/roman ) languages have something like wulf , wolf , and vilkas as written above , and we got farkas in hungarian . 
  interesting to think about . 
  although the culture of the hungarians was pretty similar to that of the vikings in the dark ages ( although i guess we were closer to huns/mongols ), 
  i always ignored that guy , is there any interesting quest/convo with him ? 
  a real newb question here : i got into the elder scrolls lore with this game ( skyrim ) and i havent played it much ; lore-wise , does it worth to play other games before/after ? 
  swear im gon na kill him next time . 
  unfortunate that i played fallout 3/nv before a lot so i instantly though about the old pickpocket-grenade trick , shame there isnt anything like that in sykrim . 
  you mean counqueror cancer carriage . 
  i just started ( level 25 in my first playthroough ) and i never used poison ( i 'm more of a let-my-axe-talk guy ), 
  nope , your memory is incorrect , 
  ... but i am, 
  shoulda have used a single line : i for the 1 of the 13 . 
  much cleaner that way, 
  thanks for the comprehensive ( first time i use this word and probably incorrectly ) research . 
  i understand you probably did it by passion but its appreciated as well , 
  basically the su-122-44 is better in every single aspect except a little bit of rate of fire which is pretty high on the 122-44 anyways . 
  i see no reason buying the 122s . 
  if you want that experience , get a su-152 and mount the 122mm gun on it . 
  prem rounds in a chur3 vs an at2 make no difference . 
  you can pen weakspots with normal amo and you cant pen anywhere else with gold either . 
  his gun shield is a bigger target i usually shoot there . 
  there are tanks that can work without gold , use them for credit farming . 
  no sherlock the earth is 6000 years old just like the bible says, 
  apparently the 122s has better wiewrange which i overlooked . 
  doesnt matter really since it doesnt have the accuracy to snipe anyways , and it still doesnt have the wr to spot for itself ( except if you omit gld for optics/bino but good luck trying to move between shots cause now your aimtime is nearly as long as your reload ... ), 
  buy 6k more and a tier 8 prem, 
  yeah , but the 122-44 is much more versatile thus earning more xp on average , 
  what , you thought it is a business ? 
  sounds like you didnt enjoy giving, 
  also the end, 
  no shit ? 
  my pz . 
  ii eats both of those , i like the pzjg better cause i dont need gold for those :d, 
  amx 13 am . 
  tier 5 french arty . 
  currently about 93 % moe , 65 % winrate , ~ 2k wn8 , all with 75-90 % crew and only a rammer .
