  even thinking about that its a joke on todays hungary is not only extremely dumb but also xenophobic . 
  not cool man , not cool . 
  i apologize if my post came out as hate , though it doesnt change my point . 
  i didnt say that they stole the turret because of `` hard times '' , i was rather trying to imply that since it was a revolution and people starved and shit they went crazy and so they stole that , does that make sense ? 
  anyway , stop trying to be meta . 
  you wont change my opinion , and i wont chance yours . 
  it 's way off from centre , buddy . 
  learn some topography . 
  and stop trying to belong to where you would like to be . 
  hungary is middle east europe . 
  woooo hatespeak i am soo scared lol . 
  get off reddit man , see the downvotes ? 
  nobody agrees with your arrogant style and extreme rightist bullshit . 
  edit : you misused the expression `` as in '' . 
  thank reddit ( or res ) ofr the ignore button lol, 
  dunno , looks like i was lucky , i got through the amx 40 in like 8 battles , mostly doubles and a x5 game where i got ace tanker of like 8k xp . 
  i guess possibly you could load he because it does damage regardless of armor , although not so high . 
  i 'm usually not a very critical man , but this picture is so sexist . . 
  what makes one think that if he randomly mixes two things people often `` eat up '' ( as in , buy ) it will be a success ? 
  to me its the same thing as , for example , a tit-shaped beer opener or a racecar-themed bed sheet . 
  anything you find offensive or weird must me my wiew of the things . . 
  intuition for the win !, 
  they wont give one of the best premium tanks as reward lol . 
  that tank gets tons of money to wg , giving it as a reward for mission would be like a stab in the foot lol . 
  they give not-so-hig-selling tanks as reward coz `` you wouldnt buy it anyway '' . 
  spam gold , pen everything , gg . 
  so is t21 . 
  i remember ammoracking a foch 155 with it lol, 
  jesus fuck you are an elitist . . 
  wte100 has no skirts . 
  not exactly the funniest , but one i can clearly remember . 
  circling a tiger ii with my t71 and setting it on fire twice , i ended up kill him and then, 
  `` gold noob t71 '' in chat . 
  he didnt know that t71 uses apcr by default and i didnt use gold ammo :d, 
  [ another one i dug up ] ( http://i.imgur.com/itbn25p.jpg ) look at the damage log :d, 
  completely agree . 
  in the perfect situation probably he would be a slightly better choice , but in tier 10 games there is no perfect situation . 
  tanks have long reload , enemies have less aimtime and better accuracy so you have less time to think about maneuvers , etc etc. 
  sometimes when i play tanks that are doing ok in tier 10 battles with not penning many regular rounds ( t71 for example ) and can do very well firing gold , i just load full gold for the daily double . 
  because there is no time to think about ammo when you are circling a wte100 with a t71 . 
  or circling a jagdpanther with a luchs, 
  arent everyone carrying a few he for cap resets and 40 damage killshots anyways ? 
  hitting them for 2200 with su-14-2 is even more fun :d, 
  yeah . . i had the displeasure of playing kv2 for 6 hours in a tc marathon . . lest just say i felt fucking useless, 
  plenty . . but less . 
  yup that 35 ( t ) wiew range and the fact that it can pen t18 frontally , means gg, 
  he shell can damage things that you cant even pen with apcr , so no . 
  he has uses where apcr doesnt . 
  an example would be kv1 85 mm going to a tier 6 battle . 
  you can still 1shot tire 4 tds with he , or take the last 30 hp from a hulldown kv1s with a shot on the turret . 
  none of these can be achieved by apcr . 
  good luck banking the game on an ammorack lol, 
   fairly new tanker, 
   speaking about nerfs, 
  play about 6-8k battles then maybe you can complain about something begin op . 
  i dont know what the hell you think my argument is , but what i meant is , and i quote ,, 
   he has uses where apcr doesnt . 
  the fact that you found plausible ( although gimmicky ) uses to similar situations nowhere near means that my argument is invalid . 
  i bet you if you try 100 times to shoot a 85mm apcr on a t40 you will not ammorack it more than 20 times . 
  he of the same gun on the other hand , kills it a lot more than 50 % of the time ( the he ammo has 280 alpha and t40 has 275 hp ) . 
  i would say , follow the tds and try to support them , but that sounds dickish . 
  if you see good scouts ( spots appearing more than usual , more early etc. ), 
  you can go middle to snipe and brawl , but that takes a few games to get used to where you can fire safely . 
  in my mind the tiger is basically a nashorn with more hp meaning that can be played the same style with the additional possibility of brawling in later game stages . 
  the sad thing is , i have to . 
  after 15 years on messageboards i realized that if i 'm too gentle , people just ignore me because they dont take it serious , and if i 'm too harsh the ` stress defence mechanism ' kicks in and i get ignored again . 
  so , i 'm trying to maintain a healthy level of harshness if that makes sense . 
  it works most of the time , but not all people are equal , see , you got offended too . 
  i cant measure peoples tolerance in advance , so , suck it . 
  i wont be less harsh . 
  in your case - sorry to offend you . 
  but please , perharps , try to see through my forced mood and try to understand my point and - maybe - my cause ( explained above ) as well . 
  [ if it scales with your hp i think i have a good candidate ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c0uxt4m.jpg ), 
  its from the test server . . 
  or maybe , maybe , you are the one who sees it wrong ? 
  well since the gun is shit and i meet tier 6 i kinda have to spam gold as the he spam doesnt do enough damage , i would run out of ammo pretty fast ( i did run out of ammo this game too , imagine what would happen with he ) . 
  yes we did , i had fun :d, 
  oh , jesus , how can i break this down to you ? ... 
  just see a player abover 55 % winrate . 
  everyone of them carries at least one he shell . 
  ask them why . 
  heaven ? 
  jesus fuck , just try to understand what im saying . . ah fuck this im over with it . 
  for the rest of my life waffentrager waffentrager is all i will hear in my head, 
  i used the dw2 's gun on the leopard when i got my ace tanker in a t7 game . 
  my point : the gun is not bad , the problem is that the dw2 doesnt have either the speed or durability to get in position for side/backshots . 
  so , i guess try to punish your enemies , get to unusual attacknig angles , open new fronts , make them turn turret , maybe that way you can get sideshots . 
  or spam gold . 
  i vaguely remember something like tihs from long ago . 
  my friend had the same issuae and he solved it by `` installing '' a third , nonexistent `` virtual '' monitor and making the game run on the three monitors so basically the left one was his `` middle '' with the reticule on the middle of it . 
  on a serious note : go play it yourself , you will realize it 's not broken . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ( maybe ), 
  yes, 
  how about t40 derp , alecto derp ? 
  what gun would you use on the waffle ? 
  thanks . 
  how about the borsig/wafflepz4 ? 
  would you use the 128 on them as well ? 
  kv1s :(, 
  to me its a turreted td with no camo or wiew range,
