  1 shot and 40 spot dmg is class 3 in the renault ft lol, 
  is this how you supposed to deal with team damage ? 
  instead of forgetting the game ever happened ? 
  well he had to rant to cool himself i guess, 
  do it . 
  darude - sandstorm, 
  more like , they just want to validate their bad actions and bad attitudes . 
  mush like how a lot of pros desperately searching for reasons why arty is `` bad for game health '', 
  the real hassle was probably more like the ordering and sorting the parts online ... 
  just imagine you planned out what parts do you need , and only one store sells a specific part . 
  it can happen with every part . . 
  its just more hilarious when high level players do it . 
  i got pmed by kazna players for `` playing such a broken mechanics '' and then got shittalked . . well dude maybe its your fault sitting still for 8 secs in a type 61, 
  except in the video it is clearly stated that he obtained the parts via 30 different bricklink orders . 
  ( probably 30 differents shops , but worse case scenario , not more than 5 orders per shop for 3-4 shops then 1 order per shop for the rest ) . 
  problem with pab that `` just about every part '' is not even close to the whole range of parts obtainable , and if you want a specific part for your design that means you have to find someone who has the part , by bricklink . 
  i was part of a lug for years ( lego user group , basically adult ppl doing serious stuff from lego ) and almost never used pab ( pick a brick , the stuff you linked ) because it would mainly be used for common parts , which we had way cheaper options for . 
  tl ; dr : beauty lies in the uncommon parts which you need bricklink for . 
  found the whiner, 
  you can see on the move history on the left side that there was a faceless manipulator played . 
  so even if its possible it was not the case this time, 
  and pray for overmatch :d, 
  sometimes the zoning is enough, 
  i disagree , sometimes it bounces german 88mm shells it is glorious . 
  the challenger however ... 
  for you, 
  can confirm , as a broke university student i 'm practically living on popcorn since september, 
  damage ? 
  are you shitting me ? 
  bishop is probably the best dpm arty tier for tier, 
  its easier in lower tiers because you can just play op tanks like the stug or t67, 
  looks like pokemon cards on the floor lol, 
  o well i just mentioned a type of tcg for the sake of it really . 
  i dont know any tcg ( besides a local hungarian one ), 
  i got it on first try , u jelly ? 
  glorious . 
  more like 4/4 , honestly, 
  but we do, 
  fuck you, 
  first legendary i encountered . 
  fucking bastard , i kill him finally , no he has this weird shield ! ... 
  i kill hi mfinally . . whats that . . a free weapon ?? 
  fuck you ... 
  i smell salt, 
  thanks !, 
  i have assault and encounter on by the way , i like to play them . 
  261 has 7.28 m splash on gold , now the question becomes : do i buy the s-51 with 75 % crew just to have 1m more splash ? 
  ( or retrain the 261 crew ), 
  pretty old site , but useful still . 
  looks like i have to spam 261 gold then, 
  i disagree , it can reliably trade with tier 8 tanks even . 
  take 1 shot from an is-3 , shoot 2 back . 
  on a serious note , su-122-44 is a tank that changes playstyle the hardest when you are not top tier . 
  you just have to adjust - and load that prem sometimes . 
  good point . 
  i had to farm some credits then - or sell my gwp . . 
  i didnt skip anything on the stug but the light tank ones were definitely the hardest . 
  ( except td-15 and ht-15 but thats cuz i didnt have a hightier heavy or td , had to do it on prem tanks ), 
  any tank on assault defense . 
  i got 2 kolos in arty . 
  may i ask why , so i can correct it ? 
  can you just pm me then , please ? 
  ultimately the 3 drop would be a delayed si7 , with more damage and no need to combo . 
  borsig has more than decent alpha for tier 8 , even in the 128 , topped only by its own 150mm ( and the su-100y ), 
   only noobs that like to be outgunned and flanked use the t6 152 on the t7, 
  kek, 
  as i said , more damage . 
  oh , i was about to write that , i dont know why i didnt, 
  i 'm kinda sad , its a cool mechanic . 
  i had a deck built around that in another tcg, 
  this is going to be a base of a wonderful ( whirl ) windmill warrior deck, 
  not really lol . 
  it references real life undertakers in the plague in the middle ages, 
  so , uh , anyone has a link to this particular mod ? 
  for science, 
  you mean they `` always '' work :d, 
  problem is , is6 shell cost is way more than fcm 's , even damage wise . 
  so the net income is better on the fcm . 
  extremal unprofessional is a very mild way to put it . 
  this ... being . . is basically addicted to power and probably has serious mental problems . 
  honestly you can rely on stats but those are only one factor , another one being your style . 
  according to stats i should have a very good avg dmg in the kv5 which i absolutely suck in , while i do decent in the is6 and the fcm . 
  after getting the fcm as a present i realized it fits my play style and it became my main credit farming tank , i jsut couldnt do it with any other prem t8 i hads ( is6 , kv5 , spersh , jt88 ) even though stats say i could . 
  all in all i think vbbaddict should not be underestimated but also not overestimated . 
  actually it pretty much is . 
  nazism = national socialism, 
  good point . 
  not really , national socialism is very leftist , except with some extreme elements . 
  it is a common misconcetion , i dont blame you for falling it , many extreme rightists praise hitler , but he was nowhere close to rightist . 
  he and his nazi ideology was way more leftist than rightist . 
  that is like saying sliced bread is not bread . 
  math warrior ftw !!!!!!!!, 
  i 'm pretty sure its wow , but i 'm only guessing, 
  their quality of games surely dropped since bill roper left the company , but that was more like because the past games were extemely good , and the newer ones are just ... good . 
  others just grew up to the competition . 
  you have to cut them some slack . 
  come on , they are still better than 80 % of the game devs . 
  that number is just not 99 % anymore . 
  there will be no game like diablo 2 anymore . 
  also important to note that deathrattle - summoned minions dont get charge either which is the main part of the problem ; they used to before some patch , main power of it was like : run belcher to enemy 5-drop then kill it with the slime , or run skitles into enemy 4 drop then kill it with the spideys .
