  great work !, 
  ye thats like saying you get 10k credits plus per historical battle . 
  nope because you get more credits over time by plying just about any other tank . . because the historical battle queue time is so faking long, 
  i doubt the difference will be meaningful, 
  always looked up on those guys doing 750 dmg every shot . 
  then when i got one i realized the damage is about all it has going for it , everything else is shit . 
  no armor ( though the mantlet bounced is-7 not once ) , no turning speed , no accuracy , shit aimtime , bad top speed . 
  once its flanked you are fucked , its plays like an arty , and even then , a crap one . 
   390 alpha , same as an is, 
  thats right . 
  but without its pen , armor , or speed . 
  why use a chi ri when you can drive an is ? 
  load that skill !, 
  yeah but then again is mops the floor with tier 8 meds even . 
  fuck you wgna , just fuck you . . 
  yeah i had the joy of manhandling pattons in my is but i thought its maybe because they are tomato or something , diddnt want to overstate the power of is , but its sure it rapes t8 meds . 
  one of the best tanks tier for tier imo . 
  they are handled by a different office of wg , and that means they arent dependant of each other . 
  why wgna handles out those tier2-6 prems for free i dont have a clue though . 
  i woulda kill for a dicker max duknig the wtf ontrack ... 
  dunno , i feel like its not worth it so sacrifice all your armor , camo , speed and pen for some extra gun handling , but that might be bbecause im a scrub . 
  aim for exposed tanks tracks , that way you get more xp from the damage your teammates do after you destroy the tracks . 
  it works like spotting xp . 
  what if suddenly everyone would stop shitposting ? 
  just for the lulz . 
  probably when i killed 12 tanks in a t18, 
  ye who cares about money, 
  what the shit ? 
  in my client it can equip the waffe which is awesome for a tier 7 light tank ... 
  ( with apcr that is ... ), 
  i cant help form where i live , but i think you could try couchsurfing as a last resort . 
  if anything else fails . 
  because most statpadders who are too coward to play higher tiers , play the t18 . 
  it 's easy to do well in a t18 , at least its the general consensus ( i dont think so . . ), 
  i played because i liked the shoot-ram-shoot-ram playstyle, 
  its weird i have 60 + percent winrate in all the russian tds up to su-152 but then i have sub45 in isu . . wtf ... 
  ye but its after like 150 games each tank . . 
  although i admit i got lucky with su100 , i played it a lot one day , at least 60 games , where mm was weird , i dont recall a single t8 game, 
  you might wan na crosspost this to / r/montageparodies, 
  ye but he was alive 24 hours before died and still produced the record . . 
  oh , didnt know that . . 
  heh you are downvoted into oblivion but it doesnt mean you are wrong . 
  imagine eve , she was broken . 
  but back then a lot less champs had a gapcloser . . and there were oracles and invisible !, 
  sheesh , gp is an adc, 
  exactly , but nowadays even that wouldnt mean anything as half of the champs can just gapclose out right after the stun ends . 
  no scheisse ? 
  rachel quirico if i recal correctly ? 
  yeah it would make sense , first she gets a bachelors then he gets 2 masters that comes from it . 
  you cant get 3 bachelors in 6 years lol, 
  holy shit . . 
  too often for us to care , i guess, 
  and lol, 
  i like your word choices , your sentence rythm flows nicely, 
  and has much worse accuracy lol, 
  no i genuinely mean it lol . 
  just read it out loud . 
  sounds like a well versed poem . 
  we in hungary watch swearing as an art . 
  like poetry . 
  your comment reminded me of that . 
  depends on mood ant tank for me . 
  i play at about 1500 wn8 levels consistently with my is-8 which i hate , but on e25 i average 2.5 k wn8 a day , on t49 i average 3k + . 
  just curious , what would you have done if i meant it the other way ? 
  ( side note im pretty sure i fucked up the previous sentence 's grammar lol ), 
  yeah , you are right but i like to care . 
  :d dont want to offend people, 
  something something borsig, 
  this is beautiful . 
  i treat every soviet gun as a howitzer on max zoom , 
  so accurate . 
  wow . 
  when i get spotted i usually run forward . 
  that confuses the bitches . 
  i read somewhere that the e4 is slowly taking the e100 's place in cws, 
  i 'm pissed that the `` golden rule '' is nowhere near the top . 
  nobody seemed to take the question seriously . 
  yep but most of the `` good '' artists went into the advertising scene ( i dont remember exactly but it was maybe a banksy quote as well ), 
  on a jungler with no lategame offense scaling , 
  sadly i dont have anyone . 
  half of the people around me would take `` opening up '' as an insult , others would take it as something that annoys them and dont wan na be a part of . 
  i dont feel like im eligible for that subreddit . 
  i usually convince myself not to kill myself . 
  it 's the fact that i have to , sucks . 
  takes my life energy away . 
  shit i havent even read a book for 3 years because of that, 
  thanks for replying, 
  man if feels good when someone who actually cares talks to you . 
  thnks . 
  i feel bad because - and i try to not exaggerate here - my family doesnt know how to deal with me and my `` problems '' . 
  maybe wrinting out the whole problem would help ? 
  but would anyone read something that takes me 2 hours to write ? 
  no shit ? 
  honestly , i think every good comedy has a little satire . 
   the rules, 
   use reddiquette . 
  t92 worse than m53/55 is pretty obvious . 
  no it isnt good , jesus fuck, 
  i was just trying to further your point . 
  stop trying to blame me of issues before you have a solid claim .
