  so here i am . 
  3 months ago i was searching the medicine cabinet for any shit i can overdose myself on . . 
  i had nothing left to live for , nobody to live for , no goals , no will to even fucking eat !, 
  now , however , i have a stable place to sleep ( the dorm ) for at least a year , finally feeling great at the morning looking forward to learn what i really want ( all the classes i 'm so active because i finally enjoy them ! ), 
  got some friends meanwhile ( abe chris and andrea , and a few more on the internet . . 
  i 'm looking at you / u/me0fcourse ) i regained the will to live for something , i can finally have the will to care about myself ( depression made me basically take a shit on my mental and physical health balance really ) . 
  my roomate is nice , teachers are also nice ( some of them are extra grateful for my extra interest ) , there arent much homework for me to bury me with tasks . 
  as you can see now the past 3 months have been an emotional roller coaster for me , if you keep the metaphor in the post title it was really a game of `` easy-hard-easy-hard '' and i think i would probably die if i would have my old approach . 
  i call my new approach `` the mature gamer '' , so far it works , although i still have huge issues ( didnt have a real girlfriend in my life for example , ever ... ) the future looks bright and thats all thanks to , besides the aforementioned persons , years of hardcore gaming in general . 
  pretty strange huh ? 
  thanks for reading . 
  there is no tl ; dr because i think the title is accurate enough i think . 
  i have a request however . 
  it took me two hours to write this , so if you were kind enough to read all this , or at least parts of it , would you please also be kind enough to leave a comment ? 
  feedback is something i didnt really have much in my life and i would love to hear about what you say about the story . 
  thanks for reading , and have a nice day . 
  hello everyone . 
  first time posting here , not sure about how should i go about it so i 'll just jum right to it . 
  i live in hungary and i need a computer fairly soon so i have to order locally , so i 'll only post parts and approx . 
  prices . 
  i have about a maximum of 160k forints ( google says its exactly 666.66 dollars wtf ... ) . 
  i mostly would like to use the computer for `` everyday activities '' of an university student : office programs , internet including demanding sites such as flash/javascript heavy ones , like the university administration system page and such , skype or teamspeak , multimedia etc. 
  i also play league of legends and world of tanks , but on the pc i 'm typing it on , both games reached a level where patches increased the `` demand for power '' so much its relatively unplayable . 
  on the new computer i want to play these two games on the highest possible settings , while listening to music and/or using teamspeak/skype . 
  this computer has a seagate 600gb sata hdd , a generic dvd writer and peripherals ( monitor , mouse , keyboard , a headphone and a mic ) i can `` salvage '' , everything else is thrash ( just to illustrate my computer is upside down atm because if i dont use it like so , the power supply box 's weight bends the case so much that it produces some kind of error state where i cant even switch the computer on ) . 
  so , what i need , is : a case , a power supply , motherboard , a processor , ram , a video card , and for faster loading i would like to place the operation system and the aforementioned games on an ssd which i 'm going to use as the main boot drive . 
  i have a roommate who is decent in terms of knowledge about computer parts so he can assemble it for me , because i am not really good in that area ( last pc i assembled for myself was a pentium 2 , go figure ), 
  i improvised a part list with prices in huf ( 1 dollar is about 245 huf atm ) . 
  please check if that is ok , or where should i change . 
  i would like to keep the price at minimum ( so tell me if i 'm buying too much ram or something ) , the performance at relatively ok levels for occasionally trying out a few newer games , and the lifetime at maximum levels ( for compatibility at least ) . 
  also i want everything to load as fast as possible so i went for an ssd and a somewhat more expensive cpu and video card and ram . 
  so there it is :, 
  case : generic atx case | 4500 huf, 
  power supply : chieftec smart series 600w | 14200 huf, 
  processor : intel - core i5-4440 3,1 ghz s1150 box | 47300 huf ( wot is pretty processor reliant ... ), 
  ssd : kingston - 120gb 2,5 '' sata3 mlc ssdnow v300 | 16700 huf, 
  video card : sapphire - hd7850 2gb ddr5 | 48000 huf, 
  this equals about 160000 huf which is nearly the maximum i can afford , so i would like to read suggestions of my picks are ok , or if i can save a few thousand huf here and there . 
  i think i may have chosen a bit too big of a video card and too much ram , but i 'm not sure . 
  i got plenty of time to order it before my current pc decides to poop itself , but think i ca n't afford to order from abroad , too much and unreliable delivery time , and i would probably lose out on delivery prices as well . 
  i 'm goign to order in a local webshop and they can deiver it in 2 days , for a minimal price , i guess that is the best i can do . 
  thoughts ? 
  ps : sorry for the probably unnecessary lenghty post , i suck both at computers and formulating text . 
  hi there , i played a lot of games throughout my life and i didnt really enjoy all of them , and i came to a point where i 'm playing games i dont feel like playing , and i just want to get `` back to the old vibe '' , basically playing something that reminds me of the games i played . 
  i like my games with intense lore/graphical content ( for example i favored disciples 2 over homm4 and i havent played a game like disciples2 since ) , or extensive grinding if i dont feel like thinking ( diablo 2 ) , or huge world with responsive elements ( fallout franchise ), 
  i didnt really play anything that is 5 years old or younger because i didnt really have the computer for that . 
  now that i have i started playing alien isolation , but it 's really underwhelming for the hardcore gamer like me . 
  anybody knows a good rpg or strategy game i can sink a few thousand hours of all my different sleep cycle states ? 
  ( meaning , i am not able to perform at my best mental strenth all day and i would like a game where i can choose what kind of activity to do according to how awake i am ), 
  cheers, 
  hi , it 's my first post there . 
  i recently got into hearthstone , i played it on 2 accounts for 1 day each before realizing i probably failed hard on both of them : instantly spending gold , melting all my cards into dust to obtain a few cards needed for my deck etc. 
  so i started a clean account and did some research about what should i do . 
  i got a lot of useful info , but still , something is not clear . 
  in order to maintain a healthy account full of cards i probably have to get a decent deck first and `` farm '' achievements . 
  but out of the times attempted to do this , even on my first game i could run into a deck full of legendaries or epics . 
  since i do n't have access to those , i lost most of the time . 
  my question is , what is the easiest and fastest way to obtain a deck that can be a great way to start out an account and can win games ( against any deck , or most of the decks i can run into ) ? 
  i understand that money -  cards -  arcane dust -  any card i want so basically if i just throw money at the game i can build any deck i want , but i want to know if i can stay as low budget as i can , or possibly totally f2p . 
  hi there . 
  i 'm lefexel on eu server , and i 'm sort of a tank collector , but also a `` social animal '' as elliot aronson would say . 
  i 'm currently clanless and given the campaign that just started and the juicy reward at the end of it , i thought why not kill two birds with one stone and try to apply to a serious clan who has a shot where i have chance to accumulate enough fame points to be eligible for the reward tank while also being part of a competitive community ? 
  i think i reached a plateau on my skill level ( i could pad my wn8 but ... ) and so i also want to improve on tactics . 
  my [ noobmeter page ] ( http://www.noobmeter.com/player/eu/lefexel/514531638/ ) shows i have a recent wn8 of ~ 1850 which i held for a long time ( hence the will to improve ) . 
  thing is , i dont have any tier 10 in my garage . 
  i have enough gold and credits though , to research and buy one of these tanks : wt auf e100 , is7 , obj . 
  however i have no incentive of buying them unless its for cw . 
  should any clan would accept me , i can happily spend the gold and credits though ( i got crews ready also ) . 
  i 'm also at tier 8 in a lot of lines so if nothing else i can freexp or pwer grind a tier 10 if really needed . 
  i know it sounds like i only want the tank and then gtfo , but its more like i set myself a goal and i want to see if i can reach it , getting the reward tank would be a good indicator to me . 
  and i would stay on the clan obviously , because i really want to get into cw anyways . 
  i also have teamspeak or can install anything else . 
  thanks for reading ,, 
  edit : i tried to look for a few clans but most of them has impossible requirements for me ( rddt main requires me to have 4 tier 10 tanks , qsf looks at overall wn8 so with 18k battles and 1320 ov . 
  wn8 im kinda fucked . . etc etc ), 
  i 'm playing minecraft with a specific reason ; which is to have a chill moment , sort of recreation , to just do whatever i feel like . 
  problem is , i 'm kinda sensitive , and dont really like big servers , but i would really like to play with 1-3 ( max . ), 
  people who share the same thing , and maybe we could build and develop a world together . 
  i 'm sort of a beginner ; i know the basics , but since i got the game in beta and didnt really play much since then , i 'm behind in new features and complex things . 
  playing alone is boring , but playing in a 5 + man server is stressful for me . 
  anyone feels the same ? 
  what is the common thing between these 3 ( and only these 3 ) cards ? 
  ( other than they are all minions ), 
  ~ ~ death knight ~ ~ black knight, 
  floating watcher, 
  i wish i could bring up a prize , but i 'm poor . 
  i just wanted to share a little riddle for you guys . 
  edit : 2 hours in , still no correct answer ... 
  edit2 : 3 hours in ... 
  given that probably no one else will come and solve . . should i reveal ? 
  edit : okay , no one figured it out ... 
  they all have their `` twins '' in diablo 2 !, 
  black knight and doomguard = same name , floating watcher = several watchers ( those act 3 minions that attack you from the water ), 
  i have to deal damage to 3 tanks with 1 shot . 
  which arty is the best for this mission ? 
  is it always the bigger splash the better ? 
  i 've tried it with gw panther and obj . 
  261 , but no success yet . 
  any ideas what arty should i buy and/or research ? 
  my available arty are : amx 13 f3 , gwpanther ( in garage ) , fv207 , m44 , and all the soviet ones ( 261 in garage ) .
