  1 . take enemy wolves , get level 2 then go to enemy blue . 
  if the enemy jungler is taking it the blue is probably low so you can smite steal and kill the enemy jungler . 
  doesnt work anymore due to spawn timer changes, 
  take red then gank level 2 top . 
  this requires that your toplaner started with cc and plays like a retard level 1 to bait the enemy to engage . 
  invade enemy blue . 
  after stealing it take a loop behind your midlaner and go straight for their red . 
  proceed to kil lthe enemy jungler and take red with the levle advantage blue gave you . 
  after gank just hide in the bush lol . 
  with a sheen or revolver aroundlevel 3-5 you can 1v1 most toplaners if they dont have their mini core yet . 
  you dont even need the ally top . 
  ignite eve solo invade anywhere . 
  doesnt work against a jungler with escape , and doesnt work anymore much because of plants . 
  because of that i always take flash now , but it can work against shit like ww if you pay attention to plants, 
  shen toplaner with tp = free dive botlane level 6 . 
  just ask him to ult you before . 
  with your ult and his , its very big shield . 
  eve q fills up mao passive and kassadin e very quickly , you can surprise most ppl during ganks with it . 
  where most eves take thunderlords , e max with fervor + triforce rush can be funny as shit as well . 
  people dont expect your autos to do damage . 
  too bad it falls off lategame so most of the time i just go ap or ap bruiser . 
  works best when you are against a weak-early unsuspecting toplaner like yasuo or jarvan ( or any melee except darius lol ), 
  nice idea for w. i thought about a snow day skin before but had no idea for w. 
  i 'd love a zerg eve though . 
  she looks like kerrigan anyways, 
  jumpcuts are kind of his thing, 
  he is very positive towards anyone even the assholes . 
  if i would have to summarize it would be something like `` this is not ok , you are assholes . 
  why cant we live like normal people and focus on the real issues ? '', 
  panth as well, 
  eve main here yo ( 580k pts , plat ), 
  problem with that is that people even up to plat are so selfish that wards dont mean shit . 
  you can ward all the fucking map they wont help u set up a pick . 
  yup nobody gives a fuck about warding ( well against jungler ganks they may be useful but after a few towers fall its not worth it ), 
  same, 
  eve w, 
  this is from a lilypichu video right ? 
  forking nice username, 
  [ i am ] ( #s `` a retard '' ), 
  added you ( from another reroll acc ), 
  thanks for the offer , i already started to platoon with some other guy . 
  i guess i should have deleted this post . 
  well after i do this one . . i guess i can do another, 
  ill get back to you in time, 
  lemmy died 2015 dec. . . 
  stay here for a while . 
  help others . 
  other countries ' data is inflated . 
  a lof of romanians for example , only talk hungarian as a `` foreign '' language ( they are actually descendants of hungarians living in romania ) . 
  still doesnt describe why we cant even learn english . 
  i guess it 's just the laziness and attitude, 
  `` i like it when they scream '', 
  fitting quote for someone who feeds on unsuspecting carries, 
  what i meant is that they arent actually romanians , they are hungarians that stayed in romania after the versailles treaty in 1920 . 
  what the fuck, 
  ahem , age of empires 2 * cough *, 
  more like in the river . 
  he just ganks doesnt farm much , 
  fukken loved old gp , was my go-to toplane champ before the rework . 
  ( as an eve jungle main ) . 
  nowadays i just play eve top instead and roam . 
  new gp is a new champ . 
   edit : most high elo otp 's tend to be either extremely toxic or brain damaged, 
  also that guy who got to challenger only plaing poppy pre-rework , forgot his name , such a calm guy though, 
  crit-runes-gang-plank !, 
  back in season 3 there was a promotion where you got a teemo statue in the mail and a print with `` one of your favourite champions '' mine was gp ( dunno how they chose it when i had like 200 gp games and 1000 eve games , still salty about that one ) . 
  guess i had better winrate ? 
  anyways the irony is , when the thing arrived by mail my acc got permabanned . 
  i did not change , the new account has never been banned e_e, 
  which reminds me , got ta play it . 
  brb, 
  yup, 
  not really , its a fun game especially for lan, 
  i used to play cnc ( the original one ) before i got hooked on the cocaine thats aoe2, 
  yeah the point was never `` which game is better '' or `` which game has more players '' its `` which game has reasonably high playerbase comapred to its age '' and aoe2 rips the competition a new asshole in that field, 
  of your video games . 
  and they would answer russian  that counts as a foreign language though isnt it ? 
  goooooooooooo i believe in youuuuu, 
  no seriously , ask her out . 
  do n't worry if you `` fail '' something , women can sense it and if she likes you anyway , it should ' t matter . 
  you only have to avoid being cringy , 
  scrolled too fast , read ayylmao, 
  some t4 arties like the su-5 are entirely capable of doing 2k dmg in a single game . 
  i did mine with the 122a though , all the way to spg-15-2, 
  doesnt really matter as long as you are being genuine , honest and you are yourself . 
  your example can be a bit weird . 
  being beautiful alone shouldnt make anyone want to have a coffee with you . 
  i 'd suggest something like `` hi x. 
  < eyplain where do you know her from  i was wondering if you would like to have a coffee with me sometimes . 
  i 'd really like to know you . '', 
  and when she asks why , `` i do n't know much about people but i see you are < very ovbious positive trait you like  and that i appreciate much in people '' . 
  at this point you can be up front and tell her it 's a dat , but only if she asks , 
  but i 'm not the good person to ask . 
  i did not do this this much . . luckily though , there are plenty of stuff online about this , 
  good luck, 
  we might have a different definition of cringe then . 
  well to me i do it like this : imagine the situation in my head and try to immerse myself in the situation , then i would cringe when i would say something cringy, 
  same here . 
  the solution is just to deveolp a sense of self-worth insted of relying on others reaction to gauge your worth . 
  just remember to not confuse `` not giving a fuck '' with apathy,
