  its the internet , get over it . 
  i demand quality or i just refuse to read . 
  most people do it too . 
  i think mine was when dignitas ran ap trist mid and jarvan leona bot vs sk , and they started off nicely but lost . 
  i sooo wanted to see scarra with endgame ap trist ... 
  wow , what a neat conceit, 
  how about using the search function before you post ? 
  i think it is maybe a misuse of words here , i put the word in an online dictionary to be honest . 
  `` conceit '' maybe not the best word, 
  yeah lol fking typos in dictionary lol, 
  second that, 
  ahh, 
  ty ggg < 3, 
  k , top or feed, 
  true but there is no '' \u00d3 '' in the latin alphabet :d, 
  i have ~ 100 ranked games as gangplank but i can only recall 1 or 2 games where i built mercs . 
  i prefer ionians for the same reason : decreases w cooldown and it 's enough anti cc for me :d, 
  ( same with mundo , he got 35 free tenacity lol ), 
  bad trance music ? 
  dude at least have some respect for people who have other taste ... 
  til :d, 
  kog looks like vomiting far :d, 
  and of course dem bananaz, 
  you mean dunks . 
  i did with twitch and mf , they are surprisingly fast . 
  they dont stack additively i think ... but idk , maybe, 
  because its soooo beautiful, 
  i 'm an eve mainer and found this offensive . 
  but laughed anyway, 
  you dont get my point . 
  they are sitting on the eve rework while remaking other champions . 
  the worst part is they announced it then didnt came up with it . 
  it 's like your parents promised you a toy for christmas , but you get nothing . . and then your siblings get even better presents ... and they just keep promising . . 
  first of all warwick can jungle but please , no . 
  there is no warwick build that provide as much usefulness as a toplane build , with half of that gold cost, 
  oh really , i can get away from an 5 man gank with eve , its not that funny though, 
  the best way is to prepare for everything so you can decide in game wbout what you gon na build : procwick , tankwick , or qspamwick , etc. . 
  guardsman bob , who invented midwick afaik , currently runs mpen reds , mres/lvl blues , movespeed quints , and armor/lvl yellows . 
  i swapped the / lvl to flat for early game power and currently experimenting with flat mana regen yellows . 
  do n't use ap because you might want to use q on the enemy hero , and % scaling is way better on that . 
  ap quints lose its effectiveness very early . 
  and if you spam q on minions for sustain you run oom real quick . 
  better just stack up passive on a cannon minon i think . 
  edit : for hard lanes i have flat armor and flat mres pages with a bit of aman regen in each so i can live longer vs a trynd for example , this is more optimal than having the same page in all games , which has magic resist which is obviously useless stat against trynd , even more if the enemy jungler is ad based as well . 
  this way you can win trades easily with q + passive, 
  skarner, 
  it 's not that hard , really, 
  the first thing that comes to my mind is that buy valentive vayne for her , 
  fear not , i 'm cumming !, 
  nah i will just go full ad page then for lulz, 
  yeah i have been exploiting it since the new masteries came out ^ ^, 
  yes . 
  umm ... they did , lol, 
  i took the question as sarcasm so i responded accordingly . 
  - ganks are easier since you dont have to wait for the creep advantage , also you can initiate ganks so you get creep aggro instead of the laners . 
  with huge waves it makes a big difference . 
  - fuck the haters but solotop eve is a thing for me , of course only vs certain heroes . 
  for example not vs ad sion or rumble but can be okay vs poppy or leona . 
  so i can trade without giving any fucks about creep aggro . 
  - backdooring without worrying about creep waves . 
  the build i use has plenty of armor so turrets are okay . 
  to hit me too , for a few shots . 
  i love the look of her eye, 
  2 ways :, 
  solotop/roam : typical ad top runes ( arpen or mspd quints , ad reds , armor yellows , mres blues ), 
  jungle : full crit , revive smite, 
  masteries : roam : 21/0/9 jungle : 21/9/0 or you can have flash smite with standard ad jungle runes and go for `` normal jungle '' with 9/21/0, 
  also i use 30/0/0 on dominion . 
  build : start according to matchup , then choose following paths :, 
  - boots --  ( wriggles ) --  avarice blade --  sheen --  vamp scepter ( if not wriggles ) --  phage --  mercs --  triforce --  ga or ie --  ie or ga --  yoyos --  finish with defensive or offensive item according to matchup and needs , possible candidates : banshee , atmas , hexdrinker ( this one maybe more early ) , wits end ( this too ) , randuins , rylais , phantom dancer , htgb . 
  - boots --  sheen --  rageblade --  malady --  wits end --  triforce --  ga --  sell malady and buy either cleaver or madreds --  sell rageblade and buy htgb or rylais, 
  - this is one fucking ridiculous build , but funny to use : --  tear --  boots --  manamune --  sheen --  catalyst --  triforce --  banshee --  frozen heart --  last whisper , ie or ga. 
  have fun, 
  well end game evelynn is only useful for split pushing so yea . 
  hijacking top comment , sorry . 
  evelynn actually deals surprisingly high damage , the problem is her lack of gap closer/cc and her inconsistent skillset . 
  anyone who says eve has no damage and means it , obviously havent played eve ( or at least properly ) and therefore his opinion is biased , mainly because the hivemind community of lol . 
  please , dont perpetrate rumors like this . 
  i think i can speak on behalf of all eve players when i say it 's like a second sword in our chest . 
  it is not enough riot doesnt give a fuck about us , the community shits on us also . 
  i feel like the gay guy in high school . 
  the problem is that this elixir would be either useless or fucking op . 
  lets see a theoretical situation . 
  you have 1000 hp, 
  by building just resistances and buying a red pot makes your hp increase by , say , 200 , that is a flat 20 % increase of your actual tankiness . 
  not so bad but not op either , and its the most optimal use to exploit red pot , but not optimal for gameplas , so in reality , red pot wont really be that good . 
  maybe 10 % . 
  now another situation . 
  lets say you built no resistances , only flat hp . 
  you have , say , 70 armor and 30 magic resist ( base value ) . 
  if you buy an elixir like the one mentioned above , you either gain very low value ( like 10-20 armor to not increate tankiness so much ) but if you gain something like 40-50 armor that increases your tankiness by near 100 % , even if you dont build any defensive items , so endgame all carries would get it . 
  even if the armor/mr values given were optimal , the meta would end up where everyone gets it at least endgame , and its not the point . 
  if you are fed up getting only red pot on tanks , even mid game , try blue . 
  cdr makes you spam your cc faster , maybe save one more person in teamfights . . it can make a difference . 
  even if you build cdr anyway , you should not max it because blue pot is always there ( well , not on dominion ) . 
  the old starks was similar but they remade it , i dont think it would be useful coz you get last whisper anyway for armor pen . 
  flat arpen is mainly used on bruisers , and they usually doesnt need high ad values because have natural damage or high streioids ( mundo e , for example ), 
  sigh ... positive comments please ? 
  in this case , please fucking nerf that piece of shit shaco then, 
  i cant say i 'm disagreeing you .
