  mundo faster clear than shyvana , better counterjungler, 
  eve/twitch rework coming `` soon '' . 
  malph can be played mid, 
  annie epic early game , can snowball hard but falls off in terms of damage if not built glass cannon, 
  akali joke so appropiate now huh ? 
  look whos talking , duckface gaylord , 
  was waaaaaaaay more scary, 
  not really . 
  let 's keep it in mystery though ... 
  can you stop fucking talking about fucking pointless things ?? 
  cant you see its exactly like watching jersey shore ?? 
  edit : sorry , had to say it out `` loud '' . 
  solotop twitch wtf ... every day im learning something new , thx , 
  its not even an information , everybody knows that . . just fucking wait until you revive with ga then press ulti ... lol, 
  this, 
  a million times, 
  sunfire vlad , going on period while burning, 
  regi acts like he 's 15 ... 
  i wont learn anything from a guy who is 10 years younger than me ( i mean `` inside '' ... i bet hes older in reality ... but that doesnt count ), 
  i consider it as a must in junglers with gap closers like yi . 
  also good in ad champs for backdoor or split push , which is more valuable in lower elo imo . 
  change recommended items with yaric , any champ can buy sotd . 
  in ranked ? 
  lol, 
  lol ? 
  karthus has one of the safest farm in lane , and can farm enemy wraiths too , after a push . 
  then go top or bot to gank ... much better than a jungler, 
  nop , its a 3rd party program like lolrecorder to change recommended items , i use it, 
  idk , i dont wan na try, 
  or sivir ? 
  or nocturne ? 
  this , no one can prove otherwise, 
  what if they trolling us ? 
  lol, 
  or on ze wulf ? 
  singeds . 
  what the fuck is so hard to understand, 
  lol he bought two pd 's, 
  like he can crit the nexus !, 
  lol, 
  he would be totally okay with bloodthirsters instead ... 
  your problem if you cant fucking pronounce it . 
  learn to speak the language instead of trying to simplify it to your own will . 
  show some respect to the elders . 
  they gave you a whole langage with its beauties and flaws for a reason . 
  lol ? 
  it really doesnt matter . 
  he could have easily bd nexus with for example 1 pd 1 bt . . when he gets low he attacks a minion to get back some hp , then back to the nexus . 
  doesnt lose much movespeed with substituting 1 pd for 1 bt, 
  ftfy, 
  once i entered a game as jungle trynd just to witness 8 people disconnecting , to my horror the only enemy who did n't got dc was malzahar , so we arrived at mid for n 1v1 . . he pwned me hard ofc . 
  other one : my friends and i queued up for a ranked . 
  champ select bugged so everyone got random champs . 
  first time in my life i 've seen tank ezreal and ap trist  we lost though , enemy got randomed better carries lol, 
  my point is , just becasue someone ca n't pronounce it , it doesnt makes it unoffical nor makes other versions official . 
  it is singeds , deal with it . 
  / thread, 
  yup :d, 
  dear support ,, 
  fucking heal me you noob or i afk, 
  5 luxes : death star, 
  so much bloooooooooooooooood, 
  math major here ? 
  5 stacked rifhtwalks !, 
  guess what one :d, 
  urgot is prettier :d, 
  iswydt, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djzfhta6tfa ), 
  confirmed , after 1150 ranked games i still get +13 after a win, 
  evelynn was a girlfriend of twisted fate , but she lost interest pretty soon , 
  upvote for south park reference :d, 
  yup . 
  interesting read . 
  restored a bit of my faith in the community . . but let me politely ask you something ? 
  please , for the sake of your own happiness . . dont enter ranked soloq, 
  edit : it comes from a guy who had around 1800 soloq games ... it 's detrimental to your mental health , really, 
  after eading the comments , i 'm surpised . 
  never though so many people would react this way . 
  being a social outcast myself i cant express how i feel now . 
  keep on guys . 
  that is what makes you human . 
  edit : what server you play ? 
  from your attitude , i think you are a good example of how to play normals for enjoyment ... 
  i 'm short of teammates like that lol . 
  would be nice playing with you !, 
  for supports i use recommended item changeer yaric to get wards into recommended items lol :d, 
  lolit would be awesome , with league heroes as commanders in campaign mode . 
  ( swain etc. ), 
  and evelynn = tanya in red alert xd, 
  i think its very good in certain premade team comps when the support gets it , the other guys can alter their team builds now that they do n't have to max out cooldown reduction , especially on champs that rely on cdr ( q spam warwick comes to mind ) , or champs that simply ca n't afford cdr but benefit from it heavily ( mainly the manaless champs imo , akali/shen comes to mind ), 
  also , i like to play aura whore gp in soloq ( toplane ) , and when i 'm fed i build shroud , hp counts towards atmas anyway , and added auras always nice i guess , when you `` have to carry 4 retards '', 
   ~ ~ everything about her ~ ~ her tits are amazing, 
  ftfy, 
  ezreal , is that you ? 
  i dont like her . 
  i love her !, 
  i maybe bad ... but i feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeel goooooooooooooooooooooood , 
  xin smiling lol, 
  and free penetration !, 
  265 is enough if you have the +2 to luck quints,
