  i finally got my hand over it though . 
  years later , when i wasnt even in elementary school anymore , there was a major cleaning in the room of the `` computer technology '' teachers . 
  they found confiscated stuff from badly behaving students ... one of these was another guy 's old turbo collection , with 6 of these cards . 
  too bad it was like 2 years after i stopped collecting `` turbos '' . 
  anyways . 
  thanks for reviving a 20 year old memory . 
  i think its just a show , not a race . 
  the `` hounds '' arent different from each other at all , so if it were a race , the wiewers couldnt differentiate at all , which would make it harder to follow, 
  yeah , and after a little bit of google-fu it looks like he was the creator of the tron bikes too . 
  i know him for a different reason though , as i wrote in the edit to my op, 
  also fallout tactics . 
  no real repercussions except they have the best weapons around and with the gun runners arsenal dlc - or even without it - they have so much value in items you can sell every single thing you pick up to them, 
  i 'd compare kodorider to patron instead . 
  turn 8 you get 2x 3/5, 
  - next turn you hero power and get 2 more etc. 
  the fuck you expected with this post ? 
  that we side with you , a nobody , instead of ou trusted clan member ? 
  replay , or it didnt happen . 
  you went blue . 
  you were free to kill , thats it . 
  or just have a gallywix on the enemy board and draw 0 mana cost spells from nef, 
  i think it just a supremacist/racist thing . 
  could be wrong, 
  this is indeed an improvement  well done, 
  also `` can not be silenced '', 
  that is not how you lt. 
  you know , that is the kind of rule what people read and somehow didnt even realize in their brains because it is against their set worldwiew . 
  similar to `` no littering '' in parks . 
  are you sure about the duke reference ? 
  i mean it is a common word from a lot of other reasons ... 
  edit : downvotes are not disagree buttons, 
  i prefer this work on the citera : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaeyt-swwg0, 
  i spend about 100 dollars a month to feed myself . 
  that includes the copious amounts of coffee i drink though . 
  no shit ? 
  i just want to know why this is a thing . 
  correction ; while it is always the member with the lowest xp , if that value is shared ( more than one crew members have the same ) then the icon is put out randomly, 
  you can certainly invite anyone , but maybe you cant give rights to them so they have to use the public channels . 
  i dont see any probs with that, 
  can you tell me why ? 
  im a nub , checked the wiki and the item doesnt seem all that op . 
  you did well though , 
  strana please . 
  dont feed the trolls . 
  try to leave your mouth out form the act of `` making a face '' . 
  i 'm not saying you did a duckface but it looks like you instinctively wanted to . 
  ( existing ), 
  not really since the guns in question arent available on the vk anymore, 
  guy in the left would be a good candidate for a gabriel tosh cosplay . 
  does it work with po ? 
  like , i guess it copies the 4/4 buff but will it die instantly ? 
  ( i dont have an ooze to test ), 
  the only thing that would be more cooler is a tesla-beaton prototype , 
  yeah after i thought about it makes sense , i mean it copies other buffs also , like velens spell dmg . 
  better than faceless in that sense ( cheaper ), 
  fallout 3 and new vegas is basically the same game in a different universe . 
  military vehicles without , or only partial tracks . 
  s-tank ( as a td probably ), 
  [ koalitsya ] ( http://i22.photobucket.com/albums/b312/ddt87/eukraine/0_1222c8_6e004f2f_orig_zpsm7z0nlm7.jpg ) ( hope i wrote it correctly ), 
  wouldnt mind introducing tier 11 or higher , with increasingly advanced vehicles . 
  it 's sarkeesian . 
  she probably has armenian ancestors because sargissian is a common name there . 
  ( nothing to do with sharks ), 
  and i agree she is attractive . . until she starts speaking . 
  well yeah its pretty obvious that women arent play as well as men , so why should we treat them equally . ? 
  obviously they deserve the same respect and things , but dont expect the same money and organizing for womens tournaments . . 
  it is completely true . 
  if women would play just as well as men , where are women from the top 100 ? 
  i dont think its an inappropiate reaction . 
  she is a chess person , not a feminist . 
  it 's not a chess issue , it 's a feminist issue . 
  because that would undermine her entire past . 
  how come she is acting so different now ? 
  why wast she saying all these things 30 years ago ? 
  it 's because feminism got popular recently , and she is jumping on a band wagon . 
  excellent response , thanks . 
  whats your point ? 
  ( warning when i say `` you '' i mean the original point of the argument , not op ), 
  i mean i didnt watch the video because i 'm not gon na waste 1 hour of my time just to make my point , but what is yours ? 
  that the chess world is not a meritocracy now ? 
  can you provide solid evidence for that ? 
  see , meritocracy is a good thing , because you dont have the right to complain against it . 
  good players get higher ratings , simple as that . 
  but unless you can prove otherwise , all you do is complain that there arent many women in there , which can be for any reason !, 
  i provided a logical explanation to that ( that women are just worse chess players in general ) which might not be true . 
  thing is , you came up first with the first clam ( that there should be more women in chess ) that needs proof . 
  the reason that there arent many women there can be different , my clam may be completely untrue , that doesnt change the fact that the burden is on you to prove it is not a meritocracy . 
   and each time it makes a resurgence , there 's the same rebuttal that women are imagining sexism when it 's actually just a meritocracy, 
  show me proof that it is not true !, 
  show me one proof that the chess world is a system designed for men . 
  if anything the polgar sisters are the proof that the chess sytem is a meritocracy !, 
  it would be ridiculous to think that all they achieved in the chess world was despite the system . 
  if the system were against them they wouldnt be able to achieve those , for example , tournament victories because they wouldnt be able to participate in these tournaments !, 
   it \u00b4 s well known that women use 21,000 words a day in comparison to men \u00b4 s 7000 . 
  not really . 
  it might be true , but it is not well known , at least the numbers are not . 
  of course they are second class players now ... 
  would you call asafa powell the fastest 100m sprinter in history still ? 
  he was at some point but he is not ( atm its usain bolt ), 
  whoa , like personal record has any relevance there,
