  mmr decides everythign in matchmaking and it can be any number regardless of your division . 
  i ( silver 1 ) duo q 'd with a gold3 player once , but he had mmr so high ( he won like 24 game straight ) he got matched with diamond players . 
  so our gold-silver duo got matched with plat players . 
  no pressure . 
  i also met plats in silver , after checking a guy out on lolking i saw massive trolling and loss spree so i guess he lost so much he got matched with me ( you cant drop out of plat to gold i think ? ), 
  so basically , matchmaking havent changed in season 3 at all , and the new `` rating system '' called tiers is purely cosmetical , all that matters is the mmr which is basically old elo . 
  if you would met these players in old system you wouldnt notice anything when lolkinging them because it would only show elo which must be similar if you got matched together . 
  thats a fuckton of money per hour in hungary lol, 
  i would be happy with that wage for the rest of my life, 
  happened to me once , luckily i was playing prenerf jungle eve with the 50s invis . 
  they thought a jungle urgot is ganking them but noooooo, 
  i see it as a joke . 
  and i laugh . 
  `` yi so op , we will see lategame noob '' i got 2 pentas in that game after that, 
  nice . 
  but what you do when the enemy team sends 3 ppl to kill your push and your team does nothing 4v2 ? 
  and this goes on for 50 minutes ? 
  ok , what if they yell `` stfu noob feeder '' every time you want to tell an advice ? 
  yeah recently discovered galio as a `` cheap '' alternative to amumu/malph , 
  lol no fuck you , akali doesnt have invulerabilty for free . 
  but the above situation literally happens in every single game i solo - . -, 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  seems like winning your lane is more important than i thought , lol, 
  holy shit ? 
  thats what i call a price value gap . 
  1000 dollars per month here , can support an 5man family lol, 
  you wan na bench diamond for snoopeh ? 
  would be a bad move . 
  hitler , obviously . 
  but i bet it wont happen lol, 
  i dont know but the joke would definitely be `` your race is inferior ! '', 
  i think his ult + e can be strong than maybe for superlate eve , you dont need to do crit . 
  i think all core is mercs + hydra then maybe he can go full tank even . 
  not sure . 
  i want to experiment hydra + warmogs + spirit visage . 
  hm what about dorans blade start in thejungle ? 
  lol, 
  hm that maybe true . 
  my guess would have been armor yellows lifesteal quints , as reds/blues for 15 % and getting the lifesteal mastery in utility ( maybe the gold too so you can get 1 pot ) rest to defense . 
  start w and keep smacking blue for free , explode shield , smite . 
  get e second , tada you have full hp at wolves . 
  ( that would require blue start i guess . 
  might not work lol ), 
  but no doubt machete 5 pots is safer . 
  maybe need boots5 +0 / 9/21 for fast ganks , sion is really good with ms imo, 
  meh i guess he just goes some generic rune page or ap, 
  lol, 
  yup he plays every champ . 
  please get your shit right before trying to argue, 
  hm thats true . 
  i was going for warmogs because of the passive comboes well with having lost of hp , but that regen might be miniscule compared to the lifesteal now taht i think of it . 
  so . . resistances then . 
  in the items we have to cover cdr ( moar stuns ) resists , movespeed . 
  since tank items doesnt give ms he needs one offensive item outside of hydra . 
  i would go with zephyr because it gives 10 % ms and tenacity so he can buy the boots that give slow reduction ( dont remember the name after 9000 games lol ) . 
  i know many sion players use ghost but i think flash or even exhaust is better , plus ghost is mainly for ofsetting his low mobility which i think we adress with zephyr plus boots3 . 
  the problem is , imagine you rush lifesteal then zephyr , you probably need to go resistances before hyrda , is that viable or do you need hydra asap ? 
  i think not . 
  hdyra is mainly intended to be a splitpush/waweclear item but sion will use it in teamfights too . 
  thing is , i think you can get away by rushing zephyr + boots in lane phase . 
  zephyr gives 10 % cdr , visage gives 20 % so i would go one more armor plus cdr item like gauntlet ( although i dont know if you can procs it constantly , at least you use the ap too ) or ... locket ? 
  that leaves one more item . 
  i think its very unsafe to rely on your lifesteal to stay alive in teamfights especially if you dont have any armor penetration . 
  i think i have to test it . 
  i think there is two possibilities : you take last whisper and keep spamming autoattacks to stay alive in combat ( the mobility might be enough for that ) or just buy more tankiness and be a lighter version of nasus . 
  in this case i would buy a warmogs . 
  sadly i dont have access to my main account ( ahem ) so i cant test it . 
  what do you think ? 
  ignite ? 
  stun enemy , use shield , walk away , then walk back . 
  reminds me where i used to pick pre-remake eve vs irelias all time and ended up beating them pretty hard abusing the old `` useless '' passive lol, 
  jax has little to none aoe damage which both ap sion or hydra provides a lot . 
  jax doesnt scale `` infinitely '' . 
  jax has zero inbuilt sustain and even if he builds sustain items sion can build it too . 
  i would say , a proper jax takes more time to kill the team in fights than a sion , but thats all . 
  plus sion is more situational while jax is definitely a safer pick . 
  overall i would say jax is better , but not in everything . 
  for example you can just dodge stun and rape jax with sustain kings ( fiddle , warwick , mundo , etc ) so he has weaknesses too . 
  also if you get some cdr on sion you have the potion of stunning an important threat in fights while focusing the other . 
  for example when they got position based ap ( ahri , eve ) and an ad carry with light or no escape ( vayne graves , mf ) you run into fight stun ahri while zoning mf with mallet . 
  i think he works a lot like udyr or warwick, 
  also you have the option to work around defensively . 
  sion is a carry , maybe but definitely not a glass cannon . 
  i think exec only good on aa champs like caitlyn , they get shut down by randuins . 
  or gragas . 
  or rammus :d, 
  yeah but in soloq it probably doesnt work . 
  another note . 
  in teamfights you get a gauntlet proc right after the stun so it seems like wasted . 
  but you probably waste a good portion of the stun duration just to get close lol . 
  so in reality when you get close to them it might be useful . 
  mallet just doesnt seem right on him when he got a 1.5 sec stun every 6 sec lategame . 
  its like rylais on lux lol, 
  1 . alpha strike actually has a very long range when it comes to chain hitting targets behind each other . 
  so no matter how long your champions range is all that matters if you can get far enough from your minions if he alphastrikes . 
  so even if you are melee jsut push the lane when he has q on cd then gtfo . 
  kassadin or morde are good examples imo, 
  2 . good luck hitting an ulting yi with a skillshot . 
  3 . indeed , cho is another good example . 
  ward your shit though , because with jungler help yi can still snowball you hard ( i remember buttraping a cho after a fb my jugnler handed to me ),
