  i killed my first pack of legion assassins with it :d, 
  in fo1 and 2 you were pretty good against all enemies in power armor . 
  in nv , if you wear remnants power armor ( best dr - 28 ) and have 300 hp and 6 endurance , deatchlaws can sill 1shot you . 
  she is a drunkard . 
  in that case fo2 villains lacked moral ambiguity too . . 
  very '20s . 
  the contours made me think of mucha , may favourite painter . 
  well done . 
  it1s like she is recalling , very nice . 
  eve pls < 3, 
  the ponies are really sweet . 
  mucha is definitely worth checking out imo . 
  better revert ult nerfs . 
  very good point . 
  i think mostly hydra is better no ? 
  nid is all about splitpushing anyways, 
  they could just . . not do this competition at all . 
  eat shit . 
  also she has no steroids now . 
  ye but then eve doesnt really do anything with annie q, 
  nice little dress too !, 
  no , its a good joke , you just ate shit this morning, 
  how about man up and take the harass ? 
  because youare all bitching and nitpicking about it, 
  so you didnt see it the 40 times it was posted before ? 
  when gunblade stacknig was a thing ... oh man, 
  and they both suck, 
  things i definitely do not like :, 
  - unnecessary , exaggerated rage, 
  - jokingly presented but true narcissim, 
  - lists, 
  what i really like in 4chan is the gag reflex . 
  iforgot another item on list :, 
  so annie mid . . ? 
  str 2, 
  per 4, 
  end 1, 
  chr 4, 
  int 10, 
  lck 10, 
  probably have many points left . 
  will dump it on endurance in the future . 
  mentats , mentats and mentats !, 
  define love . 
  so ... what makes you think you are any different from the bronze-silver-gold players posting the same thing ? 
  i 'm sorry , but flaming/trolling is equally important at all levels , and you put extra emphasis on that you are diamond and you didnt climb all the way up for this . 
  while i understand , i think you are a bit selfish . 
  try to understand that from the point of trolling , your elo just worth as much as your age , or sex . 
  nothing . 
  i support your fight againt this though . 
  i wish there would be a behaviour tutorial before ranked . 
   they 're ruining for someone who fought so hard to get, 
  who are you to decide that it is harder for you to climb up to diamond in 1000 games than climbing up to silver in 8000 games to someone else ? 
  silver elo is top 30 % ( or something like this magnitude ) , start respecting that . 
  ( for the record i have 14k + ranked games on different accs since s1 , and my highest rank is g2 , now im g4 ), 
   thus trolls should be taken for seriously, 
  yes : in every fucking elo . 
  cant you understand ? 
  toxic players are toxic . 
  even if they win . 
  no matter what your rating is . 
  yes , in silver maybe you can win 4v5 ( just won a junglerless game today in g4 ) with a troll on your side , but that doesnt make his misdemeanor less . 
  or doesnt make the trolls in diamond a bigger offense . 
  i might do one ( 2k + played hours there ) i just have to learn how to make and upload videos lol, 
  no no no . 
  too much abuseability, 
  or take serious damage . 
  furor zerk is 1550 , bork is 3200 , mallet is . . 
  i forgot but somewhere around 3k . 
  thats 7750 gold for no crit and no armorpen ^ ^, 
  this is a very good point and something a lot of people miss . 
  clikcing `` play '' does not make you a player . 
  / r/watchitfortheplot, 
  no shit ? 
  meet the gambit named after my hometown !, 
   how do people not upgrade within 10 years time ? 
  more like . . how did that computer last 10 years ? 
  and then have nothing to pay for the internet or food , or a place for his computer . 
  must be nice taking multiple skin codes from the same event . 
  i meant nb4 !, 
  interesting . 
  good catch , he is a void champ too , like kog and cho . 
  except it isnt true . 
  and dyrus died at level 7, 
  on the second you look 7 , the others are 6 . 
  but that might be because i 'm not really fond of the kind of jawline you have . 
  twitch has much better ganks . 
  nd3 + ( bxd3 exd3 ), 
  14 . . qxb5 ( 15 . 
  can work as jungle with red smiteless start too, 
  ye , i play roam/jungle rat quite often and lifesteal  boots5  cutlass  homeguard  bork is pertty standard and great to snowball with . 
  if i see a mordekaiser on the enemy team i usually go for rat jungle and a sweet longsword start so i can buy occult of first recall , and from then on ... the fun starts . 
  ... the pope ? 
  man , this has no point . 
  i have to reconstruct the game every step , and no one but you and me sees it anyways . 
  let 's pla it on somewhere where at least i can see the board . 
  add me on chess.com if you like : katulinpeter, 
  \\ #eee 9bf, 
  add in some shiv procs too , they also work with parrrley, 
  or give me back my 5kages ryze , my 2philo3hog poppy or my 5hog jarvan,
