  lost me there then :d, 
  qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq, 
  sorry , usual eve routine, 
  face it dude , in silver that crit doesnt matter . 
  they dont auto much is the joke i guess, 
  you mean essence reaver +4 ie + last whisper :d, 
  in terms of that kill sure , but you can go 10/1 in lane and still lose if you know what i mean, 
  i know , i implied op doesnt though, 
  update pls, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm currently watching tamako market , after that i 'll see :d, 
  i got the suggestion on r/anime actually , originally my question was `` i loved the romance party of full metal panic but i kept saying `` come on kaname , just tell him already !, 
  '' , do you have any suggestions ? '', 
  sure , all of them noted , thanks for the suggestions !, 
  thank you for your kind words . 
  i 'll try to adress everything . 
  i got a few side projects for pocket money , all i need is a steady job now basically . 
  i 'm educated enough to get a job ( granted its just technician , not engineer , but hey ), 
  / r/decidingtobebetter is `` my jam '' . 
  i 'm dancing when no one watches a lot , i like uplifting music such as [ indivision - secret vision ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fvzij9yjwc ) ( dnb ) or [ besh o drom - laz\u00edt\u00f3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skrvsylrsvy ) ( world music - this one starts slow but its absolutely wonderful , you can hear that the woman is smiling while singing ), 
  i have not seen mob psycho , actually i only saw a few animes . 
  [ in fact , here is my list ] ( https://myanimelist.net/animelist/wakka_bot?status=7&amp;order=4&amp;order2=0 ) . 
  thanks for the recommendations - they are going to be very useful and you are right on not spoiling even the styles of one particular anime . 
  i saw erased ( boku dake ga inai machi ) though - one of the best i had the fortune of watching ( funny , that was alro a redditors suggestion ) . 
  i also saw a few episodes of ighschool dxd - ugh . . that amount of ecchi is too much lol . 
  oh , and taiga is best girl . 
  do n't get me wrong , love me some ami and she had the best characted development in the whole story , but . . cmon do i have to explain ? 
  ( check my 3 favourite characters in mal and you 'll notice a pattern ), 
  suggestion noted , thanks for that !, 
  yeah maybe until now my problems were that i tried to take several steps at once . 
  it 's food for thought nevertheless . 
  not sure i can get into that because i do n't have a video card , i 'm using the inbuilt one on my motherboard and practically the only `` 3d '' game i can play is minecraft lol . 
  sure going to note your suggestion though , i 'm into things that can change me - that 's what art is for , right ? 
  i mean the whole theatre culture started in the ancient greek times to have a way to make people realize themselves the right way to think . 
  ( just watch shakespeare 's the taming of the shrew for example , brilliant one imo ), 
  dude wtf lmao, 
  no , taiga is best girl . 
  your waifu is trash . 
  good idea , thats what i did with starcaft2 expansions - no way i 'm putting out that much money for them anyways . 
  heyo , i 'm 30 and i was ( or maybe still am ) in your shoes . 
  i have one sugestion which worked for me ( the only thing worked for me actually ) :, 
  do your absolute hardest be always honest , true to yourself , only say important or nice things , and care about others ' feelings and - the most important of all - learn to be proud of yourself doing the right thing . 
  ( this is what will make you worth it . 
  often i hear `` i have to be nice to this person ?? '', 
  yeah , but not because of him , because of you . 
  you can get immense self respect from doing the right thing . ), 
  it helps if you watch ( or read about ) such persons ; even watch a movea about a truely good person . 
  i can pm you some suggestions if you are taking this advice . 
  i have to add though , it 's never late . 
  i 'm 30 and i had to go through 14 years of doom but i 'm fine now , 
  no , hope is useless and emotionally exhausting . 
  i recommend discipline instead . 
  probably a fanart , proportions are all wrong, 
  this pic of taiga and minorin looks so good, 
  it 's from worst to best right ? 
  i ca n't offer any concrete answer , but one thing i know for sure . 
  do not try to shut in your emotions . 
  if you feel like crying , cry . 
  do n't care about how others might see you of you cry . 
  suppressing emotions only leads to not being able to feel happiness later . 
  i 'm not so sure on the influence , i think its more like they came to similar conclusions . 
  ionic order did not have double volutae , or volutae upside down . 
  it 's also a basic component . 
  looks plausible . 
  aeolic and ionic orders were generally accepted to be contemporary , although earlies examples of aeolic were found in 1000 bc and ionic in ~ 400 bc . 
  this op here is ~ 500 bc so i think it 's the other way around when it comes to influence - if i 'm correct, 
  ami got introduced as a despicable human at the start . 
  she had a lot of character development , perhaps more than taiga even , but she would need a whole another story arc to justify her love with ryu . 
  there is no way in hell she is meant for ryu , at least from the writers standpoint . 
  also the whole story is about taiga and how she learns to know what true love and happiness is and that is tied to her realizing she has feelings for ryu and vice versa . 
  i mean the should would be pretty shit if the writers would have just decided that ami is the one who gets ryu at the end . 
  it 's a t28 actually . 
  same , and i keep pressing space a lot, 
  lmao, 
  i 'm pretty sure the typo in `` high qulity '' on the amazon page should be a dead giveaway . 
  only 84 votes yet to 300 + , we got no power here :(, 
  / r/nocontext, 
  pretty sure the hungarian is wrong , it does not include kurva, 
  in the anime it was clear from the start lol . 
  doesnt take anything away from the enjoyment imo, 
  eh , i got used to romantic films/etc . 
  where the end is tragic or at least not satisfying . 
  * takes note : do not watch clannad *, 
  whoops i 'm retarded . 
  ( voted for ami anyways though ), 
  yeah , but . . um . . not now . 
  i 'm vulnerable after watching toradora . 
  the experience is still fresh y' know, 
  what do you mean shitposting , its porn on a porn subreddit . 
  it could be the other way around . 
  what happened yesterday ? 
  i was waiting for your daily post , 
  i have an idea . 
  it 's how i got over the pad as you call it . 
  you realize that this anime ( we dont need to use the term anime here , you can just use story ) is special in a way the characters talk to each other ? 
  well maybe not special , but . . rare . 
  what i mean is that in this story there are a lot of `` real talk '' . 
  usually in matters like these in the story people just play their fake selfs , to avoid getting hurt or humiliated . 
  in this story many people are just blatanly honest , and vulnerable . 
  what i think you should do with it , is try to think what does this honesty and caring leads to for each of the characters especially the one you can relate to most .
