  looks like something a viking atrist would draw , 
  how would you say `` fuck you '' then ? 
  i never though you would use the same word for that . 
  you are citing a romanian survey mate . . how are we suppsed to know how reputable it is , if we dont have the data in english ? 
  i dont give a fuck about trianon , you brought this up . 
  who cares ? 
  i was trying to find a reason and this looked like a good one . 
  ya they assimilated , but what i mean is that if you speak hungarian , then assimilate , then learn romanian , and there were like 5 million people doign this , then dont pat yourself in the back ( as romania ) that you have sooo many people in your country that know a foreign language , because its `` cheating '' . 
  oh geez ... talk about strawman, 
  what i meant by `` trianon '' was the disappointment and revisionist shit surrounding it , mostly by hungarians . 
  i was merely stating a historical fact . 
  i agree that i should have expressed that more clearly, 
  i was talking about a hypothetical scenario hence the `` if '' before that you conveniently left out . 
  l o l, 
  earplugs !, 
  how did that not came to my mind !, 
  guess i was still mad . 
  thanks !, 
  will definitely try !, 
  will have to look into how that goes with frontin but thanks !, 
  is that only for prescription ? 
  thanks a lot . 
  will try , 
  eyy grats man , 
  edgelord detected . 
  nothing else . 
  ignore him , move on, 
  chuck norris jokes were n't funny in 2008 and 9 years have passed since then . 
  the building is full of windows though, 
  now that the leo is here the comet has serious competition . 
  alrighty , shoot me a pm . 
  i 'll see what i can do . 
  ( would prefer someone who has time to grind with , though ), 
  for emperoroverlod : dont worry , i didnt forget you . 
  i 'll just grind another acc too , when you are n't online . 
  same for me too , although i filled up the filter 's limit of 100 subs in like 10 mins, 
  msg me tomorrow or whenever u wan na start then . 
  i 'm in nrc now mate . 
  the flair is old . 
  also i 'm out of credits and premium . 
   sorry that i ca n't be online much . . life is hard . 
  no prob the account is still there . 
  you can msg me here if you come online , or we can exchange some contact info so i 'll be there as soon as you are ready . 
  or , i can give you the acc so you can grind the e50 whenever u feel like it . 
  alrighty , ill be afk in the teamspeak , yell at me there to notify :d, 
  umm i forgot the ts address lol, 
  i mean , here inreddit cause i dont play on my main ( no credits no prem , sadface ) . 
  i 'm eu as well, 
  yyyeah , sec, 
  adding you from another acc ingame, 
  i 'm working until 3 pm , i 'll shoot you a msg tomorrow . 
  pm sent, 
  i would , but the lag is hard there, 
  learn to english ? 
  nice self burn there m8, 
  uhm , doesnt ghost bride morg referring to that legend ? 
  tldr : makovecz got high ( on alcohol probably , he was a heavy drinker ) and mixed catholicism with esoterics . 
  x3 first day then x2 for a week . 
  then you get the normal xp bonus from platooning . 
  that means 4 times as much xp for the first day . 
  i had 11k xp daily doubles . . on tier 1, 
  nope , eve q has ad scaling, 
  i thought i deleted this , i realized it too late . 
  whatever . 
  it stays up now, 
  your point ? 
  yeah they still do less damage than an auto ? 
  which was the original point ? 
  also , `` vaakakapina '' means `` vaa shit pussy '' in hungarian lol, 
  that looked like chess notation lol, 
  or / r/worldoftanks, 
  come at me, 
  someone was hit by a t92 ap shell before huh ? 
  i believe i do !, 
  ayyy next time camp better !, 
  cxd4 ( if nxd4 then nc6 ), 
  damn i didnt sleep so i had to resort to my pet taimanov-bastrikov, 
  edible diarrhea ? 
  or an architect , or a lawyer student . 
  s7 jungle rebalance opened up a lot of runepages for eve . 
  basically now , in the early game , you dont farm much of the jungle , excepf for buffs and scuttle crabs . 
  sometimes wolves . 
  other camps are too hard and give too small benefit . 
  therefore you can experiment with runes ( in s6 there was one one runepage for eve ) . 
  i would say your runepage is good , but depending on what your build is ( in terms of cdr ) . 
  for example when i go lichbane nashors glasscannon , i usually get 10 cdr per level in runes ( so i can buy mobi boots ) . 
  when i go lichbane protobelt zhonyas its the same runepage . 
  i got a 20 cdr per level runepage for ad eve ( ttriforce gunblade ga , then whatever ad items fit ) , and a zero cdr page ( just like yours ) for tanky eve ( protobelt frozen fist redepmtion ), 
  those are mostly derp builds though , only work if the enemy is bad . 
  i think on plat 2 + the only real build is protobelt lichbane into situational items ( but mostly zhonyas , rylais , abyssal , this kind of stuff , or full tank with omen ), 
  i ' v been entertaining the idea of a hp scaling eve with hydra and gotd as keystone , but it usually boils down to the hp only necessary to tank the enemy while you kill them slower , why not kill them really fast so you dont have to tank them for as much ? 
  ( and only buy the necessarly tank items like zhonyas or ga ), 
  same . 
  my record is matched against a bronze 2 as p5, 
  holy fuck . 
  because , at the really early levels ap only matter if you have a set amount of ap needed to kill the red/blue with 1 less q etc. 
  for example , wheter q has 50 or 51 damage doesnt matter because you kill the blue / red at the same number of qs . 
  against champions as an assassin , 10 % cdr is 10 % dmg buff . 
  cdr is essential on eve due to ulti having high cd and q having less cd meaning you can spam q faster . 
  yes you lose 2-3 dmg on one q level 1 , but its worth it on the long run .
