  triforce , ie pd reaver and shiv for example . 
  or you need armorpen too ? 
  what about full crit runes then ? 
  lol, 
  its curved not straight wtf, 
  lol, 
  i smell kerrigan and i like it :d, 
  im fine with them taking away stealth because of the rework but then pls mane rengar and shaco not cancerous as well . 
  reminds me of [ la pedrera ] ( https://www.lapedrera.com/sites/default/files/espai%20modernista_06.jpg ) in barcelona !, 
  you arent important either - funny though, 
  too many assists . 
  ks more, 
  or zed, 
  there is a video of bjergsen getting a quadra with that build . 
  i cant imagine what would jhin do if sotd would still be in game . . holy shit, 
  my first thought was `` this must be calatrava '' . 
  holy shit both are awesome !, 
  more like cexit, 
  yep . 
  i heard how people with 100 + chests opened only got 2-3 gems . 
  i got 3 after 15 chests, 
  rip, 
  getting a frozen vibe with this , while still actually depicting the original . 
  very nice !, 
  umm surely you mean t-34 and not t34 , one is soviet and one is us, 
  kv-1 is the proper designation as well , although i guess it is not to be confused with any us tanks because there were n't any kv1 's in the us, 
  maybe a stun on her w and a stealth mechanic reworked to be like twitch, 
  balanced my ass . 
  she is the weakest assasin in the game . 
  interesting . 
   and would n't make much sense if they just decided all of a sudden that the main star wars story was not about the skywalker family anymore . 
  this part i dont agree , literally everything except han , leia , luke , chewie and the falcon is new , including all the cast in the film crew ( or if i remember correctly lawrence kashdan is still there but i 'm lazy to check ) . 
  it 's a new film , new rules . 
  not even lucas . 
  but the other parts . . might be true , although probably still wouldnt want my daughter to face these conditions without my guidance . 
  i mean , its fine if you show her the bad side of things , but at least she needs a father figure when she grows up . 
  that was n't in luke 's character to jsut leave her like that . 
  could be her mother though . 
  imagine if he marries mara jade and she becomes . . crazy or something , and hides her from luke by force . 
  that i can support more . 
  then again , as i said , anything is more likely than leaving your own daughter to live on her own at such a young age ( you could see her age in the dream scene ) . 
  you are right on the point that that doesnt exclude the possibility that she is a skywalker , but the separation of her and luke must have happened 100 % against luke 's will in any case . 
  practically a slave , as you can clearly see , after a long day of scavenging she only `` earns '' barely enough food to eat . 
  that is basically slavery , abused by the slimy guy, 
  thats is true for every hero . 
  relatively speaking , reksai for example does alsmot everything better . 
  and what she doesnt do better , she doesnt need . 
  this will turn out to just be a major plothole i fear . . 
  o shit its you , forgot that you dont listen to reason . . 
  then why the fuck is reksai playrate 6.28 % while eve 's is 4.51, 
   so experience is more effective on a champion like evelynn, 
  yeah like a tiny bit , and you shoot yourself on the foot with that example because the total difference for players over 80 games is 1.5 % , the first time players difference only means she is harder to learn . 
  what i mean is that if you master a champion enough , the only difference in winrate will show because of champion strength . 
  for example , you can master warwick for 200 games , but i guarantee you will never . 
  ever have as high winrate if you would master hecarim for 200 games . 
  therefore we can objectively judge a champion 's strength by arranging them to a list by win percent of players over 100 + games on said champ over plat4 ( plat 5 is cancer it doesnt count ) , and eve is very low on that list , about 40th place . 
  while hecarim is second . 
  you are right tho , reksai is a wrong example , she is around eve now in terms of soloq, 
  ( interestingly enough lee is lower , amd things like kayle and morde are higher lol ), 
  no , my rule is not supid , you jsut fail to see that anecdotal evidence is not evidence , and that the best way to measure overall power of a champion is winrate . 
  ( with a few addendums like : only 80 + games per champ etc ), 
  only in my penis, 
  always happy to see someone is stepping towards his/her dream job, 
  also he has references to at least 5 metal band names/songs in his spells and the passive . 
  i like the grin on their faces :d, 
  his mace is called nightfall, 
  `` misery loves company '' is a song by anthrax, 
  his helmet resembles the letter `` m '' in logo of thrash metal band `` sodom, 
  and so on and so on . . 
  ap eve is just as good in splitpushing anyways . 
  for split i think nashors as a finisher is all you need there . 
  ad is only good if you can make sense of it outside splitpushing ( you have just as good synergy amongst your items as in ap : for example duskblade , trinity force tiamat etc. ), 
  tht is horse shit . 
  money does buy happiness . 
  if only i could buy my own house . . could afford ro replace my broken tooth . . learn do drive . . get a car . . i would be soo happy, 
  true , i was always poor so i never know what hardships rich people face . 
  ( not being sarcastic here ), 
  that is a tank destroyer , not a tank . 
  built pd on irelia coz i thought w can crit . 
  looking at galio ulti i thought `` so this is the farming tool '', 
  are her eyes photoshopped ? 
  i meant the color, 
  soft mobility reset on w ( like tristana 's jump but a speeedboost ) , and two types of damage almost equally split . 
  many good build paths . 
  hard to itemize against . 
  you can even start as ap ang roundout with tanky or even ad later depending on what your enemies do . 
  depends on elo , below dia i would suggest cheesing level 1 : ward their blue brush , steal gromp with smite then head to your red . 
  if he senses your cheese just either smitesteal blue or go krugs like you normally do . 
  once you have red look for gank/roam opporunities , or counterjungle . 
  depends on elo . 
  below plat full ap burst ( ligbane , gunblade , rabadons , mejais , echoes ) are king , on plat you might need to build the clearlove build ( lichbane rylais , zhonyas , abyssal ) . 
  otherwise the only core item seems to be either rylais + echoes into whatever situational , or as ad , warrior into triforce . 
  forgot to mention that if the enemy knows you are going to cheese him , a viable tactic is to just start at his blue , that way its harder for you to steal his buff and also you wont levleup instantly , making it not really worth to smitesteal, 
  gp - pls give back old critplank, 
  mf - actually enjoyable to play now , they fixed her lategame ( by adding a broken ult lol ), 
  fiora - trash tier , but good for montages, 
  poppy - the rework made her a different champion . 
  pls give back old poppy, 
  shen - no difference honestly , maybe does a little bit more damage, 
  taric - new ideas made the champ enyjoable to play if team reacts to his plays .
