  more spell can be cast on towers, 
  more `` im gon na sacrifice myself for you '' type of spells/skills ( like interruptin cait 's ulti etc. ), 
  maybe a support that scales with health and sacrifices his own hp to heal . 
  hemomancer support !, 
  that would be way easy to counter in higher skill levels imo . 
  skilled players just learn to control their champ that way . 
  lower skill levels its frustrating . . 
  although i like the idea in general . 
  how do you know it is a rental system ? 
  actually ap eve is worse in dominion as well . 
  try this build on dominion :, 
  armor/lvl yellows, 
  mr/lvl blues, 
  all else hybrid pen, 
  21/9/0 taking the both penatration masteries and leaving out all ap masteries, 
  mercs , triforce , black cleaver , malady , rageblade , gunblade or ga. 
  the damage is better and more consistent , while has some tankiness ( you can swap triforce gunblade for mallet atmas as well ), 
  i recommend mercs instead of cdr boots , you gon na need the mres and tenacity . . and if not , the mobility boots for fast movement is better than cdr . 
  nice try, 
  ahahuahauhahuhahahhaha i lost control over mylself, 
  maybe some lore related thing close to the original ww/corki ones , for example singed wearing urf as a shield, 
  king of mid haha . 
  my ass . 
  king of mid is soraka ... 
  yes . 
  quit for a while after 2 losses , that is my policy . 
  and dont play ranked on weekends , at least not soloq, 
  if you want faster xp , get xp quints . . 
  looks like he uses spell shield when its available , not when an enemy spell is incoming ... meh , seems like average play to me, 
  you mean javelin ? 
  since you rarely get 6 items nowadays , ashe and twitch are kind of out of the picture , although they are absolutely the best lategame carries along with vayne . 
  ( ashe got popularity though , because of her tf utility ) . 
  win lane , win game seems to be working on tourneys too , so we see carries like mf often ( we all know how bad mf lategame is , compared to kog 's for example . 
  all carries have weaknesses and strengths , ( for example trist has weak midgame . . and you reach midgame pretty fast ; or kog - sick damage , but a large portion of it is magic ( w ) so lw not working with that , also no escapes ), 
  support page :, 
  armor red, 
  gp10 yellow, 
  mr/lvl or flat mr or armor or manaregen blues ( preference ), 
  gp10 quints, 
  kill lane support :, 
  armor red, 
  armor yellow, 
  mres blue, 
  hp quints, 
  at least that is what i run . 
  depends on elo and skill/preference/playstlye . 
  back in the day when i didnt have much runes i ran 25 armor pen on soraka and zoned like a motherfucker with autoattacks . 
  indeed , corki is just not as universal as graves , you have to build a team on him ( lower range and armor shred . . you need an ad top imo , to be effective ), 
  thats some sick kda o.o, 
  thanks for posting , i missed this because lack of interest , looks like i did a mistake :d, 
  you own all champs derp herp, 
  catwoman eve ? 
  i got a better one : stack 6 warmogs , tank everything with w, 
  can be very useful if you do it on red and then he ganks your lane afterwards with full hp and dorans blade ( cuz he dont have to start cloth this way ), 
  for example lee sin or rattyface, 
  [ this immediately came to my mind !, 
  ] ( http://images.starpulse.com/photos/previews/mary-poppins-mv01.jpg ), 
  you are taking it too seriously . . its a fucking game , someone doesnt want to play , accept it . 
  and mundo has hulk skin ( legacy now ), 
  wow , never tohught of that but it is appropiate :d, 
  [ no i just found out what suits her best :d ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invisible_woman ), 
  you make my needlessly large rod ryze !, 
  10minutes maximum , i think, 
  make big plays, 
  yes , and later warding the jungle for teamfights etc. 
  build ap utility ( wota rylais zhonya ) like a man and rape noobs with the shroom field :d, 
  wait a minute i fucked up somewhere lol, 
  should i write a comment here . . ? 
  rammus + cdr is nice too, 
  edit : pd pd ie fk yeah, 
  not in the early game . . and its more important than having a few hp late game, 
  why we care about gd ? 
  the problem which we are speaking of , are present in every server . 
  i just got tired of it getting spammed to reddit . 
  i love the taunt :d, 
  `` evelynn '' has two n-s, 
  * grammarnazi out *, 
  i pick soraka vs kassadin mid and make the kid cry :d, 
  probably people ghosting dye44 's stream, 
  poppy is a lategame champion and that means she needs farm so he can reach lategame faster . 
  jungle poppy probably snowballs hard on lower elo , but on higher levels he just lacks farm and cant do jackshit midgame . 
  so i would prefer top poppy every time . 
  scyx17 , spamhappy , scarra , sainvicious pretty much play their only roles . 
  not to mention other streamers/celebs i do n't know, 
  ( lol they all start with s somehow ), 
  exactly . 
  there were times i blindly followed a counterpick chart , these were the times i lost horribly . 
  now i have my own champions mastered , i know a lost of thing about them that these charts doesnt mention ( snowball factor , item reliance , farm capability etc ) and i take these into consideration when counterpicking . 
  for example against irelia , the [ chart ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?hl=en_us]&amp;key=0aq-068l0cpizdhdzr3jtaxlodtzwqjjvb3fouvzlm1e&amp;toomany=true ) recommends fizz/rumble/olaf . 
  i have the later two but i trust my own self and pick ww , with gp runes ( 0/21/9 , armor yellows , mres blues , ad quints , armorpen reds ) , then get cloth +4 manapot and irelia cant do jackshit . 
  always remember there are indirect counters , for example karthus is a very safe pick vs morgana . 
  also soraka shuts down many low-range mids very hard ( for example the best ryze i played against had half of my cs and couldnt win any trades , though this is at ~ 1300 elo ), 
  yes indeed . 
  my piont is they dont vanish with elo , they just get better , 
  i met a guy once , he was a ~ 2k solotop player but never played kennen . 
  he picked kennen first to `` stomp his lane cuz he is a hardcounter '' but ended up feeding like 6 kills after 10 minutes , 
  or riven , to my knowledge these two never lose lane . 
  `` so long shitlords '' loled, 
  vlad also annoying , although its a `` skill matchup '' imo, 
  you can trick sivir with traps .
