  ... so what is your idea ? 
  i consider gp and olaf a tanky dps and if yi built glass cannon its not so viable so most people at least build a mallet on him , and an atmas maybe . . bit tanky . 
  at least 2 defensive item needed imo , which makes him a tanky dps , with high carry cpabilities ofc . 
  but the only one melee carry who can build all glass cannon , mybe only 1 defensive item , is trynd . 
  ( noting once again , its my opinion ), 
  he 's just curious ... 
  dyrus quote = instant upvotes ... 
  ( dont get me wrong , i upvoted too l0l ), 
  totally worth it !, 
  much more english speaking people here and generally enjoyable gameplay . 
  still got higher number tof trolls/nubz , but not higher %, 
   ~ ~ tee mo ~ ~, 
  fixed, 
  . . and the double sword !, 
  frozen heart mundo :d, 
  but only if he gets 1-3 kills for it so the wont actually lose stacks ? 
  look at loading screen when someone plays teemo, 
  vayne build :d, 
  and displacements like condemn or headbutt, 
  what made you make this post , exactly ? 
  the double sword !!!, 
  yep . 
  but i would n't have flashed just to get the kill , it 's just superfast judgement imo . 
  balance in all ( the ) things !, 
  you just ksed yourself :d, 
  i like the idea , put it in - another game . 
  many people bought rp and they would feel their money would be worthless . 
  or if you mean - from the beginning ? 
  i would have never started playing either . 
  that 's normal in this elo . 
  take a screenshot with ap ashe , double phantom trynd , tank leblanc . 
  it can happen . 
  did you just forgot to turn on q ? 
  btw . 
  no probs with the music ... 
  you had it ? 
  bla bla bla ... this is not gd . 
  gtfo . 
  lets get elementz tier list, 
  take away the first 3 tier, 
  the rest is the champion pool, 
  wtf with all the qq posts here nowadays ? 
  go to normal discussion man , this is a place where people are helping each other , inform each other , and theory/data base . 
  not some forums . 
  most of the people are nice here , and reading this post makes me lose my faith , making me less nice . 
  therefore you should n't have posted this at all . 
  maybe with a much shorter story and a quiestion after , because this . . is pure qq, 
  and if you think im wrong . . go fuck yourself, 
  cool story bro , everybody knows that . 
  holy shit , you are too lazy to put it in google but you actually wrote a reddit post about this ? 
  we need a moderator , r/leagueoflegends if full of shit . 
  dont you have the same chance to crith him ? 
  vayne and kennen . 
  i just cant pick up the playstlye needed to play them well, 
  edit : bought shyvana and volibear , they are complete bullshit champs too . . at least ahri is decent, 
  yep , but people play him as a tank he is not a fucking tank !, 
  he is an ap fighter . 
  just doesnt have any mobility ,, 
  okay so i queue up for a ranked , like its serious business , then im a scumbag for wanting to play the game like it 's supposed to be played ? 
  wtf, 
  umm was it a normal game ? 
  am i the only one who doesnt say anything without proof ? 
  if you dont know where it is dont say anything . 
  btw it is a capital of one of the biggest countries of europe . . really , if you only know like 30 countries ' capital city name , you should know kiev . 
  wow . 
  yellowpete is one of my favourite lesser-known players , and now they are joining forces with clg ... looking forward to tournament play , let 's see what they can brew together , yet nowadays the meta is same on both servers but maybe they can combine something to overcome tsm , 
  wastes the passive imo . 
  wow you got so much respect bro, 
  you are last pick = you go support . 
  dont qq, 
  this , pretty much . 
  yup , but if you cant play support , dont play ranked . 
  easy as that . 
  i remember i only played a few rankeds , then went back to normal and worked hard to learn all roles and only then went bak to ranked ... simply because in an 5-man team , you never know who cant support ( maybe none of your teammates ) ... elo hell you know, 
  4v5 wins are happening on 2k so yes . 
  i use them on gp too ^ ^, 
  i do n't think so . 
  champions and runes are feeling more like a reward for playing the game , at least for me . 
  i mean , i play x champs , then i get ip then im like what to spend it on ? 
  yes i did dome ip farm games but really , that was just only to get my 3 rune pages working for ranked , and after that , i had enough champs to learn all the roles ... all the ip i earned later on , i spent like `` hmmmm . . i buy kassadin just in case im firstpick and someone else wants it . . '' or `` lets make a fun runepage : all ad/lvl for tryn '' etc. 
  upvote for ** bananas ** yo, 
  now do that in ranked !, 
  ~ ~ demacia ~ ~ demaciaaa pack !, 
  maybe that will help, 
  29 upvotes wtf, 
  favourite is evelynn . 
  backdooring like a boss, 
  least favourite is garen . 
  you cant buy him yet , it says purchase not yet available . 
  problably the first champion since graves which worth the cost though , 
  basically everyone who has high elo , was unranked once . 
  so everyone had same problems as you , yet managed to win . 
  just own n00bs and win . 
  if you cant , you belong to this elo . 
  yep , im in elo hell too . 
  working my way up though , 
  weapon = disco sticks :d, 
  ... for you, 
  posted like 4 times, 
  isnt already a star wars skin ?
