  up the irons !, 
  too low regen bro :d, 
  umm wtf you have no yellow runes other than this ? 
  so that is why riot implemented the double penetration runes :d, 
  happens every game , but cool story bro :d, 
  same with graves , instabuyed him as soon as logged in with new patch and guess what , i won my first 7 ranked games :d, 
  strange , i experience the same as you, 
  fuck you were 8 mins faster :d, 
  lol true :d, 
  lol :d, 
  funny , in our language ( hungarian ) netherlands is translated hollandia :d, 
  reddit is not for this bullshit , please , we are not all the lol community , the people here are usually nice . 
  so gtfo, 
  not so old huh ? 
  yeah to be honest , its so gay . 
  seeing the same base concept of tanky fucking dps with low-to none cc . 
  if i want a tanky dps with no carrying damage and low cc i play atmogs eve lol, 
  yeah . 
  in one game the team comp was so silly with no communication after all , i decided to `` troll '' with jungle eve . 
  to my shock , ingame nobody said anything , they gave a good pull by garen ( who went solo bot against vayne taric lol ) . 
  still nobody said anything , yet responded to all my pings and started baiting before ganks etc. . 
  in the end i got godlike and the enemy surrendered in the laning phase :d, 
  i play jungle eve if i can , and found out it 's pretty ok , you just do n't do much cc along with your damage . 
  i run 20 armor 19 ap 10 arpen in runes , 0/21/9 in masteries , start blue with cloth +5 pots . 
  after red you have 1 pot to heal , then gank . 
  build for me is aimed ofr late game . 
  everyone says late game eve is bad , i dont ' t think so . 
  i like to go triforce-guardian angel ( works good with ulti passive ) , banshees and yommuu 's - infinity edge . 
  that way i have 2 defensive item , good burst and some backdoor potential if my team screws up ^ ^, 
  ** edit : of course i know ` ts not viable , evelynn is intended to be not viable . 
  ** i just use it in the doesnt-matter-what-you-play games . 
  ofc wriggles , forgot to mention it . 
  rush wriggles but sell it late game . 
  maybe pick up an avarice blade early . 
  boots are level 5 for ganking , but when the late game begins , sell it for mercs ( no point of speed boots in teamfights ), 
  rework incoming soon . 
  she will get a chmapion prioiritizing q , a premastealth with a bush check active on w , a gap closer stun on e and a shield on the ulti, 
  nope , with my runes 1 point on q at level 1 is enought to clear the jungle . 
  so qwe then r  w  e  q, 
  what ? 
  once the teamfight for our mid inhib was so long and intense , i managed to backdoor all 3 of the enemy inhibs with evelynn . 
  we changed that teamfight with the superminions :d, 
  on another game , splitpushed wth yi and asjed my team to suicide to keep the enemy from recallin , enemy got a quadrakill but i got 4 towers and the nexus :d, 
  blind baron steal with galio 's q , autoattack with mundo, 
  4-chain crit with trynd on level 2 on the ganking amumu made him cry, 
  winning a game when team score is 26-52 , just because of good coordination in teamfights, 
  first blood under tower with last tick of ignite ( yeah bro i calculated it bro ), 
  yeah that way u max w first you get more slow . 
  also since you do n't have stun anymore , start the triforce with phage instead of sheen, 
  you failed, 
  to / ignore her, 
  welcome to league of legends !, 
  i play it with full mana reg , dorans . 
  spam that starcall, 
  yeah i love eve too :d sadly i got 40 % winrate l0l, 
  anivia ulti ... literally inivsible, 
  exactly . 
  i get godlike then 5 minutes later my teamsurrenders and blames me, 
  nope , karthus needs so many must have items archagel doesnt fit . 
  rylais , woa rabadons voidstaff . . well maybe you can get the roa out from the build . . but really . . no one does that in high levels, 
  so you get instagibbed even by their support ? 
  no thx :d, 
  . . in the middle of the teamfight, 
  play tutorial , it helps . 
  pay attention to everything, 
  he were right . 
  actually it does not win games . 
  had your opponent ever resigned because `` omg you have more cs , gg '' ? 
  no , it will be tomorrow . 
  comment win . 
  * sleep ? 
  who the fuck uses penetration on akali . . you ever did ? 
  i mean , even the boots are mercs . . lol, 
  and even if you go voidstaff then the runes are worthless ( 50 % pen wtf ), 
  well i bought my pax sivir on ebay , so it is definitely legit , at least in my case . 
  try it with ashe bot , tons of fun :d, 
  especially if you can pull off an `` empire '', 
  no cc besides his taunt , and her late game damage is shit . 
  just like lb :d, 
  i got that bug too . . thought i spell shielded it but noooooo my sivir got feared o.o, 
  yeah . . on tanks . 
  why does it matter ? 
  i dotn give a flying fuck about grammar, 
  so what ? 
  dyrus is awesome ... oh no dont beat me noooooononononooo, 
  no other suggestions needed :d, 
  no time to explain !!!, 
  get out of here !!, 
  dark librarian lmfao wtf, 
  literally rofled on this one, 
  haha wtf am i recognised now or what ? 
  ... dude i was so sleep deprivated on that game l0l, 
  edit : upvote for using '' interesting '' instead of `` stupid '', 
  the fuck are you takling about , hes the best pro anivia pro player pro, 
  well to be honest , yes . 
  i laughed so hard i fell off my chair :( little fail there xd, 
  what the fuck is this , some big brother ? 
  really talk about the game or gtfo, 
  i think it is good to go full ap on her , maybe begin with a tear which could be upped later on to an archangels . 
  depends on team i guess , if your tank ( s ) can disrupt well enough its good i suppose .
