   you need to reddit harder , cunt . 
  ftfy, 
  well uh technically it 's [ legion centurion armor ] ( http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/legion_centurion_armor ) but as you can see it has pieces of power armor in it ( most notably the shoulder piece ) . 
  i 'm using the ultiamte edition with the latest patch so it spawns in legionary assassins . 
  what mods are you using exactly ? 
  fuck man , thats a lot :d, 
  yeah !, 
  no shit ? 
  malzahar bot with soraka to spam mana to him , or leona for all-ins . 
  also if the enemy doesnt have a lot of aoe you can go ad for lulz . 
  captain boots + aegis + banner of command on the support all give benefits to the voidlings . 
  ad malz plays a lot like urgot . 
  yeha that one i just autoattack 4 times and he is dead before he could pull me . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbckfjqgq5a ), 
  self explanatory, 
  ( it actually fits i think . ), 
  how about `` dont fear the reaper '' by blue oyster cult ? 
  subtle . 
  i like it . 
  fuck , i want this as a new map, 
  how come you only got banned after 4 years ? 
  i mean of you really deserve it a `` good '' system would sort you out faster , no ? 
  rather just go to the deatchclaw promotory with nothing but bare fist, 
  that kind of shortening doesnt make any etymological or linguistical sense , but indeed it is a possibility . 
  just not likely , i think . 
  nice work , although ther is no such thing as `` sacred '' geometry . 
  well done . 
  shaco :d, 
  yeah . 
  to cut the story short : http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1csnxh/feel_like_i_got_trapped_by_the_system/, 
  wow . 
  i appreciate taking your time to write that comment and i agree with you , but still . . it doesnt bring my pax sivir back :( the banned acc is silver 4 , the current is gold 4 , was gold 2 , been playing with plat4s . . but i 'd swap the two anyday . 
  grinding 400k ip for 20 runepages seems useless . 
  i mean . 
  its like they designed the system to be as addictive as it can be . 
  guess its a tough balance then . 
  just doesnt feel right not being able to access the things i paid a couple hundred euros for , just because some 13 year olds decided it is not right to take red as teemo , or play ad ezreal mid . 
  i saw it from inside , it is the most beautiful thing i ever saw . . 
  i didnt sleep for 2 days and spent the whole night outside before getting in but its worth it . 
  looks fucking awful ... 
  shhh i dont want people to play my secret op champ, 
  could avoid yours though , it would have been better tbh, 
  looks like teeemere, 
   creepy stealth vampire assassin . 
  * ahem *, 
  it 's just a mockery of art, 
  i could write a book about how i think thi thing violates just about everything i learned about arts but it doesnt deserve it . 
  i understand that this way i look like just a hater , but bear with me please , understand my situation . 
  i dont want to look like a professional , i am not . 
  i just learned architecture for 2 years , its my hobby , its my work , its my life . 
  and i have to puke when i see somthing like this , its like someone takes a huge plate of caviar ( architectural expression tools ) and just poops in the middle of it . 
  thats a lot of weapons , lol, 
  i concur , the 2 hour constant laugh the speeches at the beginning of owb gave me was worth way more than any comedy movie i saw . 
  i 'd go honest hearts first . 
  no big skill checks , not so huge overpowered loot , decent difficulty . 
  now depending on what char you play you might wan na choose between owb and dead money . 
  if you have a 9-10 luch char with desire of buying everything , get dead money and loot the casino . 
  after you rake in 10k prewar money , you can pertty much buy everything . 
  dont forget to max barter to 100 before spending it . 
  or if you want to go with a more generic , or melee type of char , go owb . 
  protonic axe is so good i went there with a sniper kid of char with 100 guns and i swapped to the axe even though i had the starting 15 % on melee . 
  ( although probably because of the emp bonus ), 
  dont even have to be skilled with melee weapons , . 
  a protonic axe plows through roboscorpions like butter . 
  that thing is really overpowered, 
  well there are a few things that can make dm really easy . 
  high crit chance + headshots and the ghosts dont respawn after the crit decapitates them . 
  meltdown . 
  high medicine really helps . 
  oh , i thought you are talknig about the combat difficulty . 
  dm is definitely the least fun of the dlc 's i agree . 
  i mostly go there only for the casino money lol, 
  because they like everything they deem decent . 
   malz 's pets hurt a lot more than you 'd think . 
  and it scales with ad . 
  against agressive melees that depend on early game snowball ( fizz , kassa to some extent , zed , lee ) , take ad runes and redpot and watch them cry when you 1v2 double kill him and the jungler at level 3 with 110 ad and a frenzied voidling . 
  the ad runes are good for aa harass too , so you only lose a little bit of lategame power . 
  he isnt a pro player ... 
  inb4 `` i dont know what i expected '', 
  afaik only stun polymorph , taunt and knockup are hard cc, 
  just like how you will get downvoted . 
  same thing really . 
  i would say a hard cc is something that can stop you , doing damage for the entire duration , and silence doesnt stop autoattacks . 
  i think i 'm with the majority here . 
  or do dmg one day in 1 month vs female champs, 
  just stopbeing an asshole and people wont treat you like that, 
  yup . 
  wrote too fast , sorry, 
  actually , that game is great too !, 
  i dont really know why most people bash it . 
  i enjoyed it as much as f1-2 , although it was way shorter . 
  oh well , cant wish for a perfect game , 
  `` have an upvote '' is something you should avoid like cancer . 
  shouldnt he just go chronological ( release ) order ? 
  like 1-2-tactics-3-nv ? 
  not to mention patches . 
  nv is full of bugs . 
  later editions work pretty well though . 
  this is how everybody should behave , in my opinion . 
  ratslayer is pretty good .
