  14 , need platoon . 
  dont have friends :( ( i mean friends with tier 7 + lts ), 
  wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooossshhhhhhhh, 
  hungary . 
  it is in the text though i believe, 
  noted - although my findings say otherwise . 
  noted everything , thanks !, 
  i thought it will not come up but the reason i am pretty sure i will be able to attend university this time are personal - in short , none of your business . 
  if i am stable enough financially by september , maybe i 'll delay starting my studies and focus on learning danish . 
  18 months of extensive learning should surely be enough ... 
  the reason i am so confident about my chances of learning danish is that i am confident in my abilities , and besides , i am learning danish for 2 months , already going well according to my danish friends . 
  i mentioned my english knowledge because i am preeeeetty sure it will be way easier to find a danish language course in english than in hungarian ... 
  i mentioned 3 other cities in my post , you might have slipped through then . 
  i am also considering any other suggestions . 
  allright , but where you see `` extremely unrealistic '' i see `` extremely challenging '' . 
  and we are talking about the same thing , reality wise ( as in , i dont flat out deny what you are saying ), 
  alright mate , i 'm not bullshitting . 
  and being realistic does not mean denying any chance deemed too low . . 
  yep , if it is not restricted by law or prejudice there is a chance . 
  and if there is a chance i 'm going for it . 
  that is all i need to know . 
  i would not like to disclose my motives , but i do have a lot . 
  personal info , how does it suggest badness ? 
  well then i would not say the complete truth and i do not want that . 
  besides i said enough about it in my first post . 
  if you are so curious about the personal stuff , i can tell you that in pm, 
  woly fucking shit i only watched the first picture but now that the mantlet weakspot is gone , facehugging will be a good tactic again . 
  also nice retardbait after patch on the drivers hatch - it will be a stronger point now , not a weaker one lol, 
  still , your post has no value because it gets compared to people who do much better, 
  wait what ? 
  so if the rend includes utilities , you have to pay for those in the deposit as well ? 
  i thought the deposit is only for the room not the utilities . 
  why would i pay my water and shit 3 months ahead ? 
  how do they know how much will i drink ? 
  not like i complain , just curious . 
  it 's just something i have to plan about . 
  might need to bring more money . 
  yeah but this is not your personal feed . 
  if this has value only to you then it will get downvoted to shit . 
  you are not a special snowflake . 
  remember you are posting for others amusement here , not fishing for compliments . 
  reddit is a `` meritocracy '' the merit being how popular you can be . 
  one moe is a very bad way to start . 
  i have one moe at least , in every tank i play . 
  they all have value to me . 
  should i post 33 + times ? 
  no , because nobody cares . 
  i do , but i 'll keep it to myself . 
  more like 4:1 but yeah . 
  i dont know about the cost of living though . 
  i can eat on about 35k here in hungary , that multiplied by 4 is about ~ 3000 kr . 
  in denmark but somehow i doubt literally everything costs four times as much . 
  it is not snobbery . 
  you see , people are doing so much better than you , that the average standard of posts are much , much higher than the average player . 
  therefore your posts should have an expected value and you are underperforming that , so we have all the rights to call you out on that . 
  at least this way i am honest . 
  nice of you !, 
  here are some stuff i would like to know the price of :, 
  ~ 250g canned ( red ) beans, 
  one bag ( ~ 90g ) of microwawe popcorn, 
  one pack of ramen, 
  these are just some examples off the top of my head and i dont want to bother you with more . 
  thanks . 
  thanks !, 
  constructive criticism is always nice to have !, 
  i can bring about ~ 25k and maybe if i ask around my relatives they can help . 
  will look into it . 
  edit : this initial money will only needed until i get my first payment of course . 
  i would like for us to expand on this though , as i am always open to others opinions and like to be challenged . 
  that is how i grow as a person . 
  if i would say something like `` i want to find the love of my life in denmark '' while it is completely true ( it is ) i would not say the * complete * truth just as i wouldnt say it when i say '' the rest of my motivation is none of your business '' . 
  although the difference is , you dont know the reason on the first case . 
  you can look at it and say `` this is his only reason '' which would be a false picture to paint . 
  now i see though , i might need to open myself for others to help me ? 
  so it might be a trust issue ? 
  i am always tought , at least if you dont want to say something , dont bullshit over it , just say what you can , be honest . 
  lol the hungarian government is very much against its own citizens business when it comes to learning in , or going to an other country . 
  besides i want to be financially stable * before * i start learning . 
  i 'll look anyway , i might be wrong . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  not really . 
  i just write down what is on my mind . 
  i dont see how it is bullshit . 
  nice !, 
  looks like the prices are about 1.5 - 2x of hungarian prices . 
  to project , that makes me able to live on ~ 1-1 .5 k kr . 
  thanks , noted . 
  how is that not honest ? 
  lol, 
  `` i dont want to tell '' is honesty at least where i live . 
  maybe i used the wrong word . 
  perhaps `` sincere '' would have been a better one ? 
  both of them translates to '' \u0151szinte '' in hungarian which is what i wanted to be - to only tell truths , basically . 
  noted , thanks . 
  does that 50k translate to an average danish lifestyle though ? 
  because i plan to live on the minimum for start ( got ta put away money for important things later ), 
  thanks !, 
  can i move in to the dorm before september though ? 
  since i plan to move asap , that means i would love to spend the holidays in dk already . 
  i see .
