  that janna sucks . . ? 
  world of tanks . 
  well thats what i mean , wot just kinda paved the way for warthunder and the other mmo obsidian is brewing and cant be assed to google the name of, 
  i disagree , wg makes sure the program has such low settings it runs well on very low pc 's , and to add more to it , most of the performance is textures , and the game is easily moddable ( much , much more easily than lol ) so that you compress textures to your liking for instant fps increase . 
  what ? 
  i 'm no fps expert but i think the king is still cs ? 
  i mean , on the competitive/hardcore scene at least . 
  of course i know cod is the mainstream, 
  or , the playerbase simply grows up , lol, 
  dick joke haha get it ? 
  i dont really wan na get mad over a free to play game but what the actual fuck ? 
  do you think its fair we get a large ventilation whereas the us gets 12 prem days and an ltp ? 
  seriously ? 
  i dont want the ltp . 
  i want all the servers to have the same specials , be it ltp or not . 
  its like when your parent gives you 1 ice cream and then gives your brother 10 and then expects you to act like its normal . 
  can we just do something ? 
  like , ask wgeu to just copy the us missions or something ? 
  or at least ask why they give us clearly inferior missions ? 
  pen it . 
  use turret armor . 
  you tell me . . my main support is janna . 
  its just that she is inferior to others . . 
  i just suck at any other supports lol, 
  well , didnt plan to grind the 183 anytime soon anyway . 
  looks like the `` keeper '' from that line , at least for me , is still the alecto :d, 
  easy , 4 kills get you a nichols !, 
  i think you might like neurofunk . 
  [ the qemists - stompbox ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tptv-wuiisc ), 
  i think us people are more addicted so they need more `` stuff '' to stay addicted, 
  yup , i need my daily dose of t49 like herion, 
  thats not how addiction works . 
  what i wanted to say is, 
   i think us people are more addicted so they need more `` stuff '' to stay on the server, 
  bullshit , they push down halloween and d-day on our throats , might as well enjoy the bright side of the american culture , not just the fucking jack o lanterns everywhere ... in a middle european catholic country ... 
  fuck this have an upvote . 
  somehow qq thread/comment always gets dwed , whether its legit or not . 
  m3 light . 
  fire 5 shots for 200 dmg , bam you are purple player, 
  no , no , no . 
  what i mean is we get specials for d-day and we get to experience , from other sources , d-day as a positive thing . 
  my country fought with the nazis . 
  i understand it was not a wise thing to do , but it still feels like `` you gon na celebrate you lost ahah '', 
  its ok in usa , but not in east eu . 
  can you please have a bit of sense before judging me ? 
  no , im just sad we lost the war and i dont wan na hear about it ? 
  get out with your judgemental ignorant logic please, 
  o wait i still dont have one :(, 
  and what makes you think there is any point posting that ? 
  my crew with rammer , vents and bia reloads in about 4 secs , that would be 45 rounds a minute for a 3 man platoon . . about 10k damage/min , with that rof you can literally kill an entire team in 2 minutes in theory, 
  it also makes good money if you can scout , even in higher tier games . 
  has better camo than most t6-7 scouts so if you can passive scout ( maps like malinovka , prokorovka ) you can earn 100k + ( in a tier 10 game ) by not even shooting a shell , pretty hilarious, 
  kv-2 , compared to my other tanks i do pretty well in it ( my recent wn8 is 1800 , doing 2100 avg on the kv2 ) but i seem to win only half of the games while having 62 % winrate over my last 400 games ... 
  haha , those karelia edge-of-draw-distance 600 + m oneshots , never failing to amaze me :d, 
  eh , the he shell has 85 ( ish ) pen which is enough to pen any tank at the same tier , or lower . 
  most from the front , even kv1s , some tanks like m6 you have to side shot . 
  and the at2 has low hp so you can oneshot him with a non-penentrating he shot anyways . 
  lol , for 1 second ? 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm planning to buy the church3 again because i enjoyed it while i had it , but i fear its not really a viable tank in a sense that you have to work harder for it to perform as well as a kv1 with less work . 
  well yeah , but sometimes i want to have a crew without having the tank . 
  i just recently researched the is-7 , i dont have a prem acc , i didnt have any leftover credits so i was like , that there will be a lot of time before i can even put any crew in is7 , so might as well use the money i gained from selling the is8 , to buy a lower tier tank ( in my case the kv2 ) and `` train '' the crew in it . 
  now , if i would have a churchill 3 , i would just put the is8 crew in that , retrain it to the is7 without buying the tank itself and play the church 3 with the is7 crew a hundred times to have enough credits to buy is7 . 
  of course , i have another tanks to farm the credits with , but they all have very good crews so i would rather improve the crew i will have in a t10 , than to farm credits with jt88 or e25 which already has 580 % crews . 
  i have a kv5 but i suck dick at it , and an is6 too , but the is7 needs another loader so both are unable to do the job for me : /, 
  what does `` free giveaway '' mean ? 
  or . . are you that guy who gave out a lot of tanks during christmas ? 
  in that case , ( in the name of those who got something ) thanks . 
  speaking a somewhat common language makes it easier to unterstand each other and so culturally these nations form a somewhat `` lets all be family '' attitude and that serves as an example for other countries who speak the same language . 
  i spam gold in stock tanks , or when im learning a tank then i slowly transtition to the desired amount of balance between ap/apcr . 
  i spam gold ammo in tanks that i know have very low pen ( like the jagdpanzer iv with the short 88 ), 
  and i have a lot of tanks , to buy , or to buy equipment for . 
  all in all im a `` gold noob '' :d, 
  if you look around the things he posted you can see he handed out massive amounts of tanks before . 
  dont judge someone before you know everything . 
  i didnt get anything , by `` in the name of '' i meant that if they ( those who got something ) didnt thank you then i will . 
  plus , all i can do to `` give back '' atm is to give gameplay advice or offering to toon for fun or something . 
  i have a few prem tanks but all of them i got from christmas from my brother , have it from codes handed out by wg , or farmed it myself with the month-long quests . 
  in short , i have no money to even buy tanks myself . 
  but if i had , i probably would give back , yes . 
  edit : if by `` give back '' you mean . . to you , if you have an eu account , my name is lefexel on eu , seek me , we can work something out if you wan na have some fun tooning or need advice etc. 
  but right now thats all i can give , 
  lol, 
  simply by human decency ? 
  normal human beings feel sypathy for each other . 
  i 'm hungarian , but i feel very sad for the armenian genocide , even though that happened almost a hundred years ago and i have no personal or political connection to it . 
  aussies and `` yankees '' can feel the same way in a positive sense , if you know what i mean ? 
  dude u replied 3 times to my post , wtf ? 
  in that case , have a good time !, 
  cheers m8, 
  me , obviously . 
  allright people , i think eu people are out of this since he needs to have an eu account to be able to send gifts to eu users, 
  not to mention he would have to log in to the eu shop drunk . 
  did i do something wrong ? 
  i see , so what you mean is that i probably only able to oneshot a red player in a kv2 ? 
  you play the kv2 as some flanker in city ? 
  obviously , but what i mean is that if you create opportunities for te enemy to make a mistake the jt88 is very much able to punish . 
  `` received damage announcer '' . 
  i see a lot of cruiser iv 's what gun do you pr0s use on it ?
