  edit : not even selling it because at the start of the game you dont need caps anyways , and whatever i wan na sell i just hide in a locker and i will sell them when i get my barter to 80 +, 
  my best revenge stories are usually in arty . 
  it always go similar :, 
  - enemy purple med shittalking about both teams , clamining game is too easy, 
  - i oneshot this guy cause he was out in the open , spotted , farming damage, 
  - he proceeds to shittalk me later , claiming i did nothing that game but trying to kill him, 
  i remind him i did double his dmg and they usually shut up . 
  could be interpreted as a homage to lego 's origins , too !, 
  someone post it to the official lego page on fb or something , they might be interested . 
  especially when you play arty . 
  always a fun time reading the qq between oneshotting people . 
  i dont really understand , the tank looks the same , did they just adjust the armor values ? 
  i mean something surely must indicate this tank has more armor compared to t-28 . . an added plate or something ... 
  grind it !, 
  seriusly , that tank is so similar to the type if you force yourself to play t-54 you will bcome better at type 59 too, 
  i did exactly that and it did not work . 
  probably because i 'm playing the whaddayacallit edition with all the dlcs so its probably patched . 
  plus i dont really like to `` cheat '' anyways . 
  i dont know , i only played that line to 7, 
  yep , oneshots with arty :d, 
  haunted mines loadscreen is full of bones tho ... 
  6-7 in my book , but more like 7-8 in a standard book :d, 
  no , i just didnt have credits for t-34-2 :d, 
  t-25 german tier 5 med play very similar to fcm, 
  no `` noob tank '', 
  none , because at the rare case i would totally need 100 of a skill ( for example lockpick in sniper 's nest ) about 85 is enough , the rest can be dealt with by a skill magazine + mentats, 
  it 's more like king 's gambit level of cheese here . . 
  took 300 damage in arty ? 
  / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  xx just means 100 . 
  means his ratings are so high that he is in the top percentile of player rankings . 
  given that he is driving a cromwell and he has 0k games i think its safe to say its probably a reroll account . 
  well , the natural water source would be rain isnt it ? 
  if you `` simulate '' rain then nothing bad can happen ? 
  but it just my 2 cents . 
  dont go so hard on her though . 
  she might just be protective , she doesnt want you to waste water or something . 
  better play a fucking undertaker then, 
  or two, 
  what did you say about dicks ? 
  except the long 88 was never mounted on tiger ? 
  it had the short 88 iirc, 
  talking about is-7s . 
  it 's even worse when a ccc wrecks 3 modules and 2 crew members and leaves you on 200 hp . 
  150-170 pen : probably only lfp if unangled . 
  if angled , gtfo . 
  175 pen : as above + driver hatch in middle of ufp . 
  200 + pen : gun mantlet, 
  dear black prince ,, 
  fuck you and fuck your frontal armor . 
  sincerely , e25, 
  many tanks in wot have unrealistic top guns , most of them has a historical gun as stock or middle guns . 
  ferdinand for example had the long 88 also . 
  is-4 had the 122 mm d-25t ( yeah that one has 175 pen in wot ) , t54 had d-10t ( the middle gun on t44 , and stock gun on t54 ) , t-34 had the 76 mm ( though some of them were mounting the 57 iirc ) , and dont get me started on the russian td-s being named by caliber and in wot they have a bigger or better one ( su-76 has 57 mm , su-85 had a 100mm before , su-100 has a 122 m. . etc, 
  we had some upsides to the uncitoricality though . 
  the autoloader gun proposed on the waffle , was an aa gun and orignially it had a 10 shell clip . 
  if you torrented the game you have no right to complain . 
  and if you bought the game you get all the dlcs ( according to this post ), 
  simple as that . 
  well the only 150 pen gun i imagine to meet the is6 frontally is the e-25 which shoots the lfp form below , a good angle . 
  can also overmatch the belly armor too, 
  so is the obj 261 . 
  `` hai guys i pen literally everything frontally for 1.1 k dmg every 28 secs across the map '', 
  i dont complain , i 'm just pointing out that wot is not a perfect picture of historical reality, 
  uh , im afraid i 'm not the right person to ask . 
  different maps favor different tanks . 
  i wish they would balance it so that the mm would weigh in the factor of which vehicles the current map favor , and make it so that a specific type of favor doesnt appear too much in the long run . 
  i mean , regardless of the type of vehicle you get the same % of city maps , same % of open maps etc. 
  its frustrating to get the 5th prokhorovka in a row with a maus but it is equally frustrating to get the 5th game in a city map with arty . 
  allright i still dont have much info about the specifics of the personal missions . 
  do you guys think its worth to wait until 9.8 to complete the harder missions ? 
  depends on tank though, 
  ( i mean im pretty sure kv1 makes more money overall than an arl v39 ), 
  yeah `` hai gus which one of you has ht-15 ? '', 
  except females . 
  nova , kerrigan , all skinny . 
  that is what i was looking for ' thanks !, 
  i just suck at searching keywords apparently . 
  are you sure it wasnt a quick ram + shot and what you actually died to , was a shot ? 
  or , you know , there is that type for ram when he is on top of you and constantly does 1-2 damage in ticks ? 
  maybe that counts as a successful ram attack every tick ? 
  i ram kv4s if i am on reload and that means 30-40 plus damage at the end of the match, 
  therefore , you can stop at the charioteer , play it so much you research the conway then go up the other line :d, 
  well , foch undervalues and overvalues several things, 
  i was trying to imply that foch 's opinion might not correlate what op 's perception of that specific tank line is . 
  as in , reddit says charioteer is best , foch says conway is best , but who knows maybe op will really enjoy the 4005 . 
  i asked reddit sometimes about what tank line i should avoid or shwat should i grind but almost always realized its best to try myself . 
  i really enjoyed playing the arl v39 for example . 
  it 's like ten thousand fucktards when all you need is a mute, 
  i played 237 battles in my arl v39 though . 
  for comparison i played 291 in is-8 . 
  and it will eat all the xp for accelerated crew training , for nothing basically, 
  imagine the su-122-44 he dpm then, 
  e25 he !!!!, 
  also , tier 8 ends all scout lines, 
  and it looks like the one from fallout 2, 
  one of my friends ( with the nickname of sniper , how fitting ) said `` i kinda feared from the oil rig so i patrolled the shore and get up to level 72 before it '' i was like wtf man the oil rig is easy . 
  he showed his character once , he really did patrol the shore for a fuckton of times . i guess he likes repetitive shit . 
  my chars , i think at most , were max 26-30 level, 
  well , so is barter . . in a way,
