  i 'd say the type is more like a camo sniper while the t37 is versatile ( it can mount vstab too iirc ), 
  kv-5 doesnt have a rarity value anymore ... 
  yep , but dispersion is not everything . 
  soft stats make the gun better . 
  dispersion on the move , dispersion after shot , dispersion on turret rotation , all these stats have a speed coefficient ( some tanks have nearly the same accuracy on the move no matter how fast you go , some tanks accuracy on the move greatly depends on speed etc. ), 
  there are also a lot of hidden stats like module damage , shell speed , etc. 
  basically , the 76 mm feels way more fluid , especially if you stop to shoot , snapshots are easier . 
  the 57 mm is a `` noob trap '' for those who only look at the stats ingame . 
  i mean , everyone can have a kv5 now so it isnt so rare anymore . 
  just like the kv-220 , and to some extent the pz . 
  there is a program called the tank inspector , people use it extensively . 
  especially when new tanks come out . 
  you can check the hidden stats of premium tanks before you buy them etc. 
  sometimes it helps you realize some tanks are way worse than their stats would show . 
  looking at the average tier , yes . 
  same wn8 would be shit on tier 2 :d, 
  better that way . 
  it was sold for 1 day in eu and now it is in every tier 3 game . 
  yeah but that is only rare because no one is dumb enough to buy it : dd, 
  same with t-34 in russia, 
  definitely worth the watch . 
  when i watched i felt like the atmosphere is somewhat close to the original planet of the apes films . 
  lmao `` had to '', 
  perhaps the files are hidden ? 
  idk, 
  brits . 
  got ta love how imperial age longbowmans outrange almost everything . 
  come to think of it that thing would be fun in deathrattle shaman with kt lol, 
  you could also try otk worgen deck with charge , rampage , commanding shout etc. 
  quite the fun . 
  main combo is to use it as a sort-of berserker by giving him hp with rampage or commanding shout then damage him again , and charge him at the end . 
  i guess pyromancer fits in that deck too . 
  fuck now i have to try it lol, 
  you can , actually . 
  well , you know , black market is a market too , with its own economics values, 
  how about filling up your board with mekkatorque ( he can die it doesnt matter ) then kt + unstable ghoul . 
  every turn you get a ghoul which you can run into the enemy ( and he has to kill it because it has taunt , but at the same time he cant because he takes 2 dmg every turn for every leper gnome ) , and if he doesnt have any minions your leper gnomes can just go face, 
  true , although after this combo you will have a borad of lepers again o 2 boards of lepers is more than enough of a tempo swing i guess, 
  true . 
  i havent thought it that way . 
  it 's just like the patrons + comanding shut i guess , i clear everything and i have a full board of 3/1s i dont need another one :d, 
  clean , for the lack of a better word . 
  you either care a lot for your skin or very good at makeup , 
  fucking hell , i typed an extensive reply with links of my favourite artists . 
  now its all gone because i pressed `` back '', 
  here is one randomly : [ aliz\u00e9e - fixty sixty ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29l7ueclwsy ) i still ca n't believe [ that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddwkpguivme ) voice is in [ that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=240s04eccc0 ) body . 
  why doesnt reddit have a dating service already ? 
  i dont have a screenshot of it , but i played a night with the obj . 
  261 , 48 games . 
  i won the first two then lost 46 in a row . 
  i had decent dmg in all of them though , and thats all i cared for at that moment anyways . 
  ( i was farming xp , and i got a lot of battle heroes ( high caliber , gores etc ), 
  alan parsons project < 3, 
  fucking hope so . 
  do you really want to waste 2 hours to watch ? 
  my alt has an a-43 , can i join ? 
  it doesnt have 4k games yet but i assume you meant game knowledge, 
  got to 99 % mastery , 
  also s-51 for some reason. , even though i prefer the su-14-2, 
  for lower tiers there is the pz . 
  ii ( 100 xte , ~ 500 avg dmg ), 
  she is fake crying in a few videos , but this one is real , as mentioned by herself in the comments, 
  i can translate to hungarian : `` a kurva istenit le ne menjetek a tengerpartra !, 
  i noticed `` for the love of fuck '' is a somewhat language specific swearing so i used this one istead which roughly translates to `` fucking god '' or `` whore god '' but probably carries the exact same message :d, 
  hearthstone , grinding ladder with no-brain decks ( face hunter , zoo ) after wot eats my brain, 
  and now they wont get any money if they wan na go begging because they look like they arent homeless ... 
  werent you cooperating with your opponent ? 
  you were cooperating , even though it was only rng that let you win there . 
  it was you who got the ghrzilla dmg up so it was cooperation . 
  or velen lmao, 
  yes , you incidentally cooperated . 
  how hard it is to understand ? 
  scd cum bag machine ? 
   cooperation implies intent towards the same goal, 
  no it doesnt . 
  archer is broken, 
  achilles is workable, 
  challenger is utter shit, 
  charioteer is broken, 
  conway is workable, 
  fv4005 is utter shit, 
  see a pattern ? 
  in your stupid mind . 
  or pay 5-10 euro for a lowtier permium tank and grind credits for like 4 hours, 
  - make sure there is no heat firing jagzilla on the enemy team, 
  what about the priest then ? 
  surely wg wont want to just delete such an iconic vehicle from the game . . 
  unexpected pacman is unexpected, 
  yeah , but you had fun right ? 
  also , sorry for leaving early , i needed some `` alone time '', 
  t18 has a huge weakspot which most guns over 40 pen can easily pen , though . 
  panzer ii with 39 pen pens about 2/10 each clip , and if i load apcr its 8/10 . 
  so it is just the same as , for example , the t28 proto - only good vs ppl who dont know where to shoot . 
  http://www.targetdamage.com/usa-tier-2-1 you can see frontally it has a huge green area where you can easily pen . 
  nothing serious . 
  i just like to be alone sometimes . 
  people are exhausting . 
  i already have you tagged , so that doesnt surprise me . 
  it 's uh . . the . . uh . . yellowish green i guess . 
  or greenish yellow ?
