  swamp master kennen = yoda and there is a master yi skin with lightsaber ... 
  k. you wont be mised i guess :d, 
  are you dyrus ? 
  lol, 
  haha yes !, 
  especially when im 25/10 and game is 1 hour long lol, 
  lol how much crit you want ? 
  35 +25 +30 is enough , you dont need zeal - . - neither avarice, 
  more lke jarvan ult ? 
  100 cs at min 20 is not decent . 
  more like 200 . 
  max you can farm is 240 if you are laning, 
  fair enough, 
  dont try ranked before 400 normal wins and at least 3-4 champion mastered for each role ( top offtank , mid ap , jungler , ad range carry , support ) and a proper rune page for all of them . 
  including unique ones , for example vlad ( he doesnt need mane regen runes ), 
  lux laugh, 
  / thread, 
  not new at all , at least 1 years ago it was there - . -, 
  but terraforms ? 
  `` torture noob '' button . 
  protip : press tab, 
  you can search for champ name, 
  me too !, 
  mastered this shit for nothing ? 
  lol, 
  or 10 yoricks vs 10 shacos :d, 
  skype make my comp lag so hard its unplayable, 
  holy fuck windows 98 ? 
  guess which one , huehuehue, 
  [ after reading the win98 posts below i made mine , and you failed to spot it ] ( http://tapestryoflife.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/sarcasmart.jpg ), 
  top : warwick , trynd, 
  jungle : udyr , shaco, 
  ad : caitlyn , graves, 
  these are hard but rewarding and fit in very different teams . 
  for example galio is and unnderplayed char but a counter to almost all ap champs at mid . 
  lol he designed singed , he may know something :d, 
  it doesnt work . 
  but next time read back , it has been posted at least 6 times in 3 days, 
  holy fucking shit triforce and lichbane ? 
  uuuuh dont listen to this guy, 
  get 20 armor , 19 ap and 10 armor pen from runes . 
  go 0/21/9 and rush wriggles , you start blue and you can clear jungle with ease , preferably gank after dual buff , you will have about 70 % hp if you did it correctly . 
  go wriggles-boots-avarice blade-triforce-guardian-infinity edge-yoyos then late game swap wriggles for an item of your need , be it defensive ( for example banshees ) or offensive ( black cleaver maybe ), 
  edit : im an eve mainer and tested it really wide , found this build to be the best for me, 
  holy fuck did you ever read the tooltips ? 
  lichbane and triforce proc doesnt stack ... 
  long time wut, 
  like 2 days ? 
  or maybe 75 %, 
  because , you are a melee ad . 
  lol .60 downvotes wtf, 
  more like introduce dominion specific items that are almost same as their sr equivalent ( like sanguine blade and bloodthirster ) , just give more cdr ? 
  this . 
  9/0/21 + ionian boots + morellos rushing is what i feel standard for me on all mages ( soraka too ) - . -, 
  i have a champion who is good for it , but wont tell you ... huehuehue, 
  old sivir . 
  manamune = infinite w, 
  or release vlad . 
  lol, 
  `` game item '' you know, 
  nice use of ldd and lego items , especially in this scale . 
  keep up the good work . 
  funny , i gained 100 elo in holidays just by soloq ` ing ( im on 1210 n ow ), 
  holy shit yes !, 
  his ulti rapes teamfights . 
  just ult the enemy ad and watch his ghost doing a triple kill for you, 
  edit : ofc im talking about ap offtank mord, 
  soo bad photoshop , i mean paint, 
  so a 1800 elo player stacking mallet with triforce ? 
  should i believe this ? 
  it doesnt stack man, 
  is it randomly ( when its next tom it ) jumps to a ward ? 
  maybe it can be used to cripple his mana/farm a bit ? 
  i use gp/10 quints and yellows , rest is crit chance . 
  that is 20 % chance at level 1 ( with mastery ) starting with regrowth pendant and rushing the 3 obvious gp10 item . . then just warmogs or ie or whatever i need, 
  yeah i forgot its situational . 
  only when i win my lane , wehich i do often :d, 
  ofc against a garen i take a chainvest early etc etc, 
  well she can be reported but wo n't be punished so . . 
  also attack speed debuffs like nunu 's e, 
  you mean ** tridanemer ** ? 
  oh , i thought you are referring to this, 
  you mean laz0r, 
  what about 2 pd ie mallet bt last whisper ? 
  mallet to compensate for lack of boots, 
  nut sure if troll or just stupid - . -, 
  urgot is male too, 
  dan dinh also does it , seen him doing it on stream and on mlg, 
  thats why, 
  no the solution is to accept that these champs are having their skills for a reason , and l2p without wards, 
  voidling tanks everything , and e makes farming much faster . 
  no to mention e gives back some mana ... 
  hilarious to make it work . . level 4 dual buff full hp malz is just lol, 
  you dont understand it . 
  playing without wards makes you 1 item more stronger late game and only that is the time you must abandon playing with wards . 
  because the game makes you do that . 
  btw , at the 60 minute mark i bet the support will have the place to buy wards anyway . 
  and there exists oracle and cv, 
  lol, 
  triple phantoms on release irelia .
