  i think in enhances autoattack crits though ( i mean e passive improved autoattacks . 
  you will aa a considerable amount amirite ? ), 
  spellshielded . . umad riot lawyers ? 
  why did i click that, 
  more like katarina imo , it sounds more appropiate now that we have the remake . 
  pretty much . 
  only bundle i regret to buy - . -, 
  just like minuteman gangplank is the man . 
  did you see the splash ? 
  he is holding a sword by the motherfucking blade . 
  how is that not badass ? 
  commando jarvan . 
  epic suit with sunglasses . . and a sword . 
  yeah need i say more ? 
  there really is only a handful builds :, 
  the `` akali build '', 
  the `` dfg + tanky ap '', 
  the triforce tank or mallet aegis, 
  the ad carry build ( ehh ), 
  the support build, 
  the warmogs + fon build ( used on mundo , volibear etc ), 
  the hybrid ( triforce ga gunblade rageblade wits end ), 
  jungle trynd with enough as runes can go atmallet bt lw ie i think . 
  but thats a soloq build , and soloq is a world of miracles . 
  1200 elo - where ap ashe can win games !, 
  it used to be like 2 % ... 
  what do you use on him instead ? 
  no i mean seriously . 
  triforce , warmogs , ie , maybe lw , i used to finalize with ga , what do ppl use ? 
  come on , tanky aps get obliterated by tanky aps , i dont think its viable anymore . 
  you still wont listen to us , and just trying to back yourself up with all this yadda yadda . 
  or cassio players !, 
  am i right ? 
  come on that rework was a nerf lol, 
  also gp is more manly yarr, 
  where to submit my liver, 
  the new eve is even more shittier and doesnt feel like the old so its a new champ to me . 
  i moved on . 
  yeah well ap eve is still pubstomp , but whats the point ? 
  i can pubstomp with ap leona , ad malz ( buffed voidlings yo ) , ap yi , support mundo , jungle kassadin ... 
  yet all his skills visually involve vomiting something . . anorexia much ? 
  you mean the proc . 
  and it has 2k more cost, 
  teemo , teemo and teemo, 
  come on , you know better jokes . 
  there we go . 
  poe 's law at its finest . 
  if you max it lol . 
  and in jungle you dont need armror ( besides runes ) , you need clearspeed, 
  call me butthurt but my post containig the same shit got removed by admins . 
  especially the mafia skin partice . . ohhhh, 
  . . shooting dildos, 
  did you ever see mundo crit, 
  so what ? 
  if he would refuse to go to hitlerjugend he maybe dosent live to become pope . . 
  i main ap yi , nothing bad with the q. 
  this is gold, 
  9gag goes really far copying reddit . . the main reason i left that site, 
  oh man the most scary skin ever . 
  doesnt even get close to sp fiddle ... 
  we will comment , they will . . ah , fuck that joke , i 'm not a karmawhore, 
  [ you think ? 
  ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/you+really+think+someone+would+do+that+.+just+go+on_981b71_3201562.jpg ), 
  somebody elaborate please ? 
  i missed that game entirely . 
  yeah and next is pantheon lol, 
  fuck , i wanted to see ap eve mid . . if the game lasts long enough it maybe goes into the littel brains of elohell scrubs that they should not flame if i pick eve, 
  edit : thx for answer, 
  [ at last i can use this gif appropiately ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qco5j.gif ), 
  rework eve ( this new eve is shittier than before , honestly ), 
  buff sejuani ( wan na see her as an ap jungler ), 
  nerf karthus ( do i really have to explain ? ), 
  remove medieval twitch so i wont get jelly . 
  yes please, 
  dude , it says ad carry . 
  its like ther is only 4 ad carry items ... 
  i dont think so . 
  imagine the whole elo range from 0-2800 as a line . 
  now its shrinked to 1000-1400 . 
  a 2800 elo range shrinked to 400 elo , meaning a 700 elo difference will mean 100 elo diff . 
  in the new system . 
  this means if you had 700 elo season 2 , you will have 1100 season 2 . 
  1400 elo players will have 1200 , 2100 elo players will have 1300 and 2800 elo players will have 1400 . 
  basically , divide your old elo by 7 and add 1000 . 
  my elo is 1262 atm , so i will have 1180 roughly . 
  i think . 
  meanwhile the elo gain remains the same , meaning that with the more crowded elo brackets it will take less elo ( so less games ) to get out a certain `` skill range '' . 
  this means if you `` dont belong in elo hell '' you win a few games after the reset , for example 10 games each with +14 elo . 
  say you were 1400 elo season 2 . 
  if the reset doesnt happen the 10 wins get you 140 elo so you are at 1540 . 
  after the reset your elo will be 1200 and after 10 games it will be 1340 , but if we revert the countings ( doesnt know exact word - subtract 1000 , mutiply by 7 ) your new 1340 elo will worth 2380 elo in the old system . 
  meaning after your 10 wins , you will play and get matched against players who were 2380 in the old system . 
  whereas in the old system the difference was exactly 7 times bigger . 
  basically every win of yours will worth 7 times more , in terms of getting higher skilled opponents . 
  but that is , if the other guys doesnt play . 
  after a few weeks where everyone will get to his place , this increased worth of elo will devalve ( devaluate ? ), 
  just like ti did with the season 1 end reset . 
  but this all implying that they reset your elo my way , which is the most logical imo , but i 'm not einstein neither tryndamere , if you know what i mean . 
  way to repost something from the front page . . like we didnt see it in the client anyway . 
  lol,
