  btw anyone tried, 
  archangels, 
  frozen heart, 
  on him ? 
  you might not like me for this ... but the old sorakabot evelynn build/route now available with any runes . 
  ( i use full crit for early game damage ) . 
  maokai kassadin bot lane . 
  maokai free sustain , kassa free e harass . . just theory , havent tried it . 
  ad carry top against nonsustainers ( singed , talon etc ), 
  ad carry mid against melee aps ( caitlyn    kass ), 
  jungle mf/twitch/ashe new meta trolololol, 
  what the fuck did i just read, 
  same with kog ` maw and akali, 
  guess its the stealth ? 
  akali kills kog, 
  in shroud, 
  i would gladly sacrifice that 20 minutes, 
  nah , i just use eve , shes a walking ward endgame anyway, 
  shes my main lol , i was being sarcastic, 
  no she takes 2 !, 
  lol, 
  yeah op ... i pick eve , dont need to lose elo !, 
  no , i literally never dodged but wintessed a fuckton of my teammates dodging lol :d, 
  its super effective ... 
  in a small range, 
  i see what you did there !!, 
  i used to faceroll people with ap mf in soloq . . one day i went 5 straight wins with it . . pople just wtf when an e hits them for 300 on level 3 lol, 
  she used to be an early game one trick pony , now that she doesnt have stun she is shit early game , and even worse late game, 
  no , gm bob is not a good resource for top level play . . 
  he is just above average . 
  he 's just super chilling to watch . 
  true that . 
  i just feel like im on the level where gm bob sounds kinda obvious . 
  i bet its twitch, 
  what is orbwalk and why is it so hard/important to master ? 
  sorry , you are right , my bad , i ca n't really express myself so deep in english , i 'm not native . 
  fuck you . 
  i have 200 + games of gp myself , with 89 being ranked , and yet i fucking hate this hero , seriously, 
  very `` noob friendly '' , good job, 
  i used to play top lane a lot ... though i didnt master any of your mentioned champs :p guess its time to, 
  hopefully after stealth rework !, 
  lol, 
  pudge, 
  pudge, 
  ( meh , we have blitz q , mundo w and warwick ulti , but why not . ), 
  yeh fuck the people wh thinks a guide should contain the perfect build , you just have to understand the champion , and your guide does it well , everyone should read guides like these for every champ they wan na play . 
  ( in fact i did it with every new champ i played in soloq ), 
  guess which one im rushing on galio, 
  lol, 
  phoney , phreak reported a gangplank and this guy is a tf, 
  add twitch , insivirble poison !, 
  didnt you hear it ? 
  no jungle we need to defend towers noob, 
  nerf ??? 
  what, 
  wtf 18 upvotes . 
  make this world a better place , ~ ~ genocide all the idiots ~ ~ smile . 
  lol wtf, 
  just notice , best typo ever, 
  yes . 
  to be honest , i think i 'm constantly fighting with this effect : i think i did good ... but i lose , then i have to think `` against '' my ego . 
  it 's hard , not because i love/hate myself , it just doesnt come into my mind !, 
  so i guess i just have to constructively accept the `` why dont you do xyz you noob '' from my teammates . . or something like that . 
  bitch please . 
  evelynn was like 3 times free in a 2 year period ? 
  and i 'm not complaining . . god save us from free evelynn week, 
  anyone tried ap/lvl runes and tear + catalyst --  roa + rabadon + aa build ? 
  i 'd like to buy swain but do n't know what to build on him exactly , especially against certain matchups . 
  is his base damage considered high ? 
  or moderate ? 
  [ ... ] tank or i feed, 
  ftfy, 
  i rape shyvanas with mundo ... xd, 
  no knees ? 
  more like kassa ? 
  while doing 1k dmg to your team as well, 
  well i got banned for 4 days . . 
  mundo, 
  they also both share a skill with pudge , why blitz ? 
  oh well , im not  but i wasnt a dota player much, 
  [ here is my wallpaper with the four most played champs of me :d ] ( http://lolwallpaper.betacero.com/wallpapers/35817548399.jpg ), 
  do two wallpapers with paying attention to margin numbers so when you use the two together , it will look like one :d, 
  genius !, 
  with a purple ** hue ** to it, 
  misread it first , guess i 'm an addict :d, 
  lol community :, 
  98 % assholes, 
  70 % nice guys who report assholes . 
  sarcasm ( and irony ) too ... 
  or buy a pc like every sane person ... 
  everybody plays eve ... 
  it 's more like `` i facerolled tanks before her rework '', 
  or `` i 1shoted carries before her rework '', 
  or `` i backdoored all 3 inhibs before it was cool '', 
  ( i did it all huehuehue ), 
  holy shit what an idea ... take all my upvotes, 
  make it global !, 
  careful who to ban , you might be ending up with trondomere on the opposing team ... or the dark librarian . . 
  yohoohoooooo and a bottle of op, 
  miss fortune is the best laning carry , just weaker endgame ( midgame she 's still a beast ) .
