  sorry , i havent played nv in 2 years so my knowledge is rough . 
  still doesnt change my main point that ratslayer doesnt do shit vs power armor and the like, 
  did you fucking read my comments ? 
  i 'm getting angrier ... 
  see . 
  i told in like 4 comments now that why i think ratslayer is bad in the endgame . 
  by listing ( vague ) facts . 
  do you think that stating these very same facts back to me is going to help your issue ?? 
  what the fuck were you thinking when you typed your response ? 
  that im going look at these numbers and go `` hmm , , at the second time its really good '' or what ? 
  spread doesnt mean shit . 
  if weapon has high spread just go closer . 
  you just have to be not spotted , not max distance . 
  whoa whoa whoa , slow down . 
  set reachable goals , reach them , then set new goals . 
  for a top 50 clan you pretty much need at least 15 + people with 1800 + wn8 showing up to cw every day , and a commander with tactics for every map you play . 
  i thought the current derogatory term to go by is `` gamer '' nowadays ? 
   however , the c\u00edmer should be unadulterated . 
  pretty sure all op did was a color swap, 
  what the fuck bro ? 
  please , dont even have a slight doubt that he is competent . 
  he is not . 
  he is a power hungry lunatic . 
  you absolutely do not want him . 
  trust me . 
  although the abolishment of him and free pierogi would be nice , but i coulnd not think about what he would do to your country . 
  not really , unless he play something more . 
  a spider tank will do 9 dmg to face before dying , a yeti 16 . 
  that is 25 over 5 turns where swipe does 20 , but kills both so unless you have something else that has more than 5 hp or played 2-3 turns after the yeti , you lose, 
  i blame it on too much cofee, 
  never saw a ht-15 in tier 8 mainly did by damage . 
  i did it in is-6 but that was because i blocked 5k dmg . 
  well done , 
  thanks :d, 
  maybe a kv-2 also count ? 
  appropiate username :d, 
  deep throat, 
  budget : $ 47,500, 
  box office : $ 600m, 
  sneak in ? 
  confirmation bias, 
  and then put the is gun on it kappa, 
  is4 too . 
  there is a video of a te-ke penning an is4 turret frontally . . 
  iirc , he got top dmg once , in a patton . . with the derp gun, 
  kv4 - shoot the gun . 
  exactly the gun . 
  it is pennable by 150 pen easily , which means almost anything it meets can pen it , it always breaks the gun and always pens . 
  for 150 pen ( tested on e-25 ) to always pen you have to be at ~ 100 m though . 
  if the kv4 lifts up the gun you can shoot under the mantlet too . 
  how is that relevant to the discussion ? 
  how polite . 
  as expected, 
  oh , i know , i was being sarcastic, 
  it was a subtle hint at my clan commanders who dont really like the 261, 
  / r/nocontext, 
  geez you stubborn as fuck, 
  sorry , comment was long ago and i tohught you were the original one who kept going all berserk on me . 
  not like it matters anyways . 
  downvotes say everything, 
  except turret armor i guess which is kinda irrelevant . 
  by that logic having the fv304 in the game in itself violates it soooooooooooo ... . :d, 
  also arty has missions to kill td, 
  i know its good , i know , but i jsut fuking hate it . 
  it is advertised as fast but if that is fast im not looking forward to play any tier 10 heavy . 
  gun is fucking unreliable , even with 4skill crew + vstab + rations + vents aiming just sucks . 
  pen also sucks . 
  also i have no armor anywhere except my turret . 
   wickd irelia, 
   dyrus singed, 
  list goes on ... 
  also , empire !!!, 
  `` bananas '', 
  and there was an ogn game with heimer jungle and a 5 man 4 min top inhib rush . 
  i doubt tpa 's tropy was any iconic . 
  if any , we remember it because it was shady as fuck . 
  okay , then . 
  how about sorakabot and ego ignaxio ? 
  well by the time froggen was raping the soloq with anivia he was just as iconic as them . 
  he just happened to go pro after . 
  from what i see it lacks taunt . 
  a sunfury would be nice to go full warlock after you activate majordomo you can just drop the good old double molten sunfury . 
  baron rivendare . 
  i still try to make it into a deck , too bad i still need a lot expensive cards for it ( sylvanas , sneeds and boom for example ) . 
  but its awesome when rivendare + kt hits the board and i have a reincarnate in hand :d, 
  i spent about 30 euros on this game including brm and i opened 4 ... 
  tank compare is incorrect , the tank indeed has 7 degrees of gun depression . 
  old team battle mode with my borsig , ensk map . 
  usually i put up the 150 and go brawl with the is-3s in the city , which i did . 
  so , game starts , casually strolling to the city when i realize i got the 128 mm -, 
  `` guys i got the wrong ... '', 
  is3 appears left to me , i panic and snapshot him . 
  i hit his side , ammoracking him from full hp . 
  ( happened in my 261 ), 
  it looks to me it goes under the building . 
  wg map modeling fuckup i guess , the building is actually `` floating '' and there is a slight gap between between it and the ground . 
  i mean , drop giants , suicide major , then sunfury, 
  what if he likes eating potatoes ? 
  get vents + optics + rammer ; play it like a conservative 2nd line medium . 
  much better damage that way , also camo skills for everyone , bia + situational + recon +6 th sense also mandatory .
