  he did not say that the playerbase decreased , he said many players quit . 
  i need a brit tank to grind the wz with . 
  might as well be this line then . . 
  how does it do on the ht missions ? 
  i 'm on the t28 , for example which tank in the line is the first that can do the ht-15-2 reliably ? 
  ( did the pervious ht 15 with is-6 ), 
  also how much credit do they eat at hightier ? 
  i assume up until the caern there is not much pen problems with top guns , but do you guys fire gold above tier 7 ? 
  hat would be neat as the brit heavies arent nearly as popular as the `` crowd favourite '' is line , but just as powerful , therefore info is much needed around players like me i guess . 
  yup and it has more camo i assume, 
  he them to death, 
  very disappointed in this video . 
  in the first half he just reiterates common arguments then concludes its bad . . 
  he doesnt even mention all the important concerns , there is no consistency or integrity in this video . 
  sorry anfield , but please , learn to argue better . 
  exactly . 
  of course i did . 
  gbay99 is one of the best youtubers related to gaming advice . 
  nice to see his vid there . 
  i played with the thought of becoming sort of like him for wot , but first i would have had to work on my skills , and then the scene was much more controversial anyways , so many high profile wot tankers like anfield would disagree with me on topics , so i wouldnt get his fanboys as an audience . 
  i got a steel wall in t-25 and fcm 50t once . 
  the secret to the top gun is gold ammo . 
  445 is max , and if you got more with like , bia then its useful because the more viewrange you have the sooner you spot the target . 
  basically , for each tank individually there is a set distance from where you can spot them , and camo decreases this distance , meaning that with extra viewrange you basically `` burn camo '', 
  grind the kv-1 first ( o-i exp might also be good but too new tank to decide ), 
  kayle can do it, 
  m ` bronze, 
  they dont have the kjpz camo though so it still outspots them, 
  lol rammer obviously . 
  the dpm is so shite, 
   i 'm a hacker , i use tor, 
  lmao, 
  something is wrong in everyone . 
  pretty sure something is wrong with you as well . 
  ( nobody is perfect ), 
  i cant , but i 'll just sell my liver or something, 
  so he is full of shit actually, 
  priorities . 
  check them . 
  i have no idea how i will obtain a copy as i dont even have money to eat lol, 
  alex played a lot of game-defining champs mid like off-tank galio or ap yi, 
  it looks ... more natural as well, 
  i just listed two examples . 
  he is also the first pro to make mid eve work ( rip shushei ), 
  or shoot you with 122 mm he which you get enough of after the 5-6th, 
  a while ? 
  i can eat on 5k ( assuming its dollars ) for about 3 years, 
  i live in hungary and i can eat very healthy for about 1200 forints a day . 
  5k dollars as around 1.5 million forints which divided by 1200 ia 1250 days which is around 3,4 years , but lets assume in some days i eat some more expensive shit for variety so lets round it up to 3 years . 
  paying less though , would ruin my health ( sadly it is tested firsthand ), 
  no , just cheaper part of the world :d ( very frugal though ), 
  i said eat on . 
  meaning that only covers my food, 
  can you fucking read ? 
  i said nothing about rent jesus fuck, 
  * checks username * - oookay , nothing to do here folks, 
  none of your business . 
  mg port i think, 
  except there will be more whites applying , every time, 
   oh the classic `` i am not at fault , everyone else is '' noob rage . 
  also known as the dunning-kruger effect . 
  do not research the top radio . 
  it has significantly more weight , making the handling of the tank a bit harder , and it doesnt add much radio range . 
  umm was it another japanese tank then ? 
  hmmmmm ... 
  really accurate , except for the hairstyle , 
  tldr : he had a lucky streak , gained 3 moe , then fell back to mediocrity, 
  kjp ? 
  edit : i am retarded, 
  ayyyy, 
  this looks more like kylo ren, 
  ok imma try something . . 
  eh , ad or onhit eve can be okay without q. 
  only thing ad eve uses q for is sheen procs which are irrelevant before sheen anyways, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm sorry , but if you took 3 ap shots in a row from a 1390 , you suck, 
  lockpicking . 
  i dont really understand . 
  in the video the mod displays his clip reload as 40s , and you can see , he has no module dmg and his reload is really around that time . 
  but when you go to the gun selection on the mt-25 it says that the 37 mm gun has 4.2 sec reload and 5 shells . . 
  not if you count the anus, 
  not only did they capture several b1 's , but they repaired them , sent them into battle , some of them had an artillery gun mounted actually, 
  i did it in type 64 , but i needed the right map ( malinovka middle , risky bushes ), 
  yup , reminds me of old malinovka where i got 8k spot dmg in a tier 10 game with an e25, 
  ya , but its shit . 
  we are talking about op tanks, 
  lol, 
   wn8 is harder to pad, 
  yeah , except there are tanks like the pz . 
  3a which is just as fast , but the gun is way more accurate , etc etc. 
  it is fast yeah but withotu either armor on gun is useless . 
  there are specific tanks which shit wn8 like no other . 
  jagdpanzer iv , im a 2.1-2 .2 k player myself but average 5k on that . 
  also m3 light . . tier 3 light that has less damage expectancy than some tier 1s ... 
  elc is good to farm wn8 on , but there are way better tanks to farm wn8, 
  thanks . 
  more like two third but yeah, 
  or he wants to go divine favor soon, 
  just watch the game where an underdog team picks jungle heimer and win by rushing top inhib at like 4 min . 
  he is full of joy from the moment they pick heim ( forgot the teams names ),
