  lee sin is a very good pick for anything a jungler does : gank , jungle clear , counterjnugle , and killing enemy junglers , has 3 gap closers as well ( if you pick flash , that is ) . 
  there are some champions that do some things better than him ( for example mundo has a much faster clear ) , but they are usually lacking in other things ( mundo ganks not too scary ) , making lee an all-around good pick . 
  for counterjungle/duel i 'd say mundo is nearly unmatched . 
  for stealing camps cho/nunu is best . 
  for ganks : shaco ... 
  and these are the `` easier '' junglers . . if you need a jungler only for ganks/roaming you can pick up twitch for example . 
  i think this is the point where i would mention eve , but i refrain myself from it in order to avoid mass downvotes and shitstorm . 
  galio taught me to clear big minion wawes with ulti . . derp, 
  i remember when kage stacking was a thing ... once saw a boots +4 kage ryze get a penta in normals . 
  looked very badass . 
  it was on level 20ish though, 
  i start with it on shaco like a boss, 
  falls into the same category as ad malzahar jungle ... aoe aoe aoe but overall low clear time , no sustain and shitty ganks before 6 . . not to mention you wont worth shit midgame with the lack of farm from the jungle . 
  i dunno , i watch scarra/wingsofdeathx often , they seem like the opposite of dyrus lol, 
  ( not intended to derogate dyrus , hes cool and all , iwatch him too sometimes but scarra es # 1 huehuehue ), 
  or use ad runes like a boss !, 
  nah just kidding . 
  i do it too , doesnt seem to increase my overall cs . 
  might as well just learn to last hit like a pro with every champ i play . 
  that said , at mid i main easy farm champs ( morde , malz , soraka ) but someday i got ta learn anivia . . and i will be in trouble that day :d, 
  yeah . 
  voidling 1:1 ad and armorpen scaling too stronk . 
  cdr maxing = 2 free voidlings all day erry day . 
  not to mention they got steroids . 
  ( inb4 fotm ), 
  yeeah lets give everyone a free sivir e. 
  and enjoying some free upvotes meanwhile, 
  ( including mine ), 
  shhh dont make it so widely known, 
  veigar , lux , karthus , kog is that i 'm sure of , not sure about xerath , ziggs, 
  there you go, 
  there is a legendary trist skin in the store so i do n't think it will be more :d, 
  when i get trolled at champselect i just intstalock eve for roam or jungle , making the trolls thinking i 'm trolling back , but actually i 'm serious . 
  playing my main is a good way to relieve myself from the pains of getting raged at and generally not giving a fuck . 
  that is not a legendary ... duh, 
  the tristana one . . duh, 
  [ when i realize people judging me just by my champion pick ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1u15u3iebxa&amp;feature=related ), 
  this build is kind of viable but the problem is , its much more expensive than the usual hog-visage-warmogs build . 
  that said , if you can snowball hard , why not ? 
  if you have balls , try out sorc shoes , wota , rylais , abyssal , zhonyas , rabadons ... its fucking hilarious :d, 
  ( and urfwick , but that was before i joined ), 
  of course terrible , but hilarious !, 
  lol epic, 
  it does not exist and i think i have a very simple explanation . 
  the ranked-playing playerbase is so very high that there are hundreds of people with the same elo ( at least below 1800 i think ) . 
  meaning , if a troll/baddie wins a game because you carried him , he is most likely not going to win the next 3 in a row , because chances are very nearly 50 % that the next game the enemy team will be better . 
  that means , even though you get trolls , feeders , leavers etc. 
  in a game the system is very accurately represents your true skill , mainly because of the high pool of players . 
  the trick is that you are not going to win your game by cs or kills . 
  the game goes on in champselect , in teamchat , in your teammate 's minds . 
  lower elo games have a very high chance to win if the team morale is high , not to mention these games have a large psychological factors a.k.a watch your mouth kid . 
  probably not , however mordekaiser 's ghost does . 
  great idea ... not sure if it works though, 
  i once met a ww who said he is going ap because it 's op . 
  when he rushed dfg i gave up inside . 
  the scary thing is he ended up carrying the team with a 25/6/21 score ... 
  na server i guess ? 
  sadly i only have a low level smurf there :(, 
  always build depending on enemy team comp . 
  possibly they will get stuns against you so qss can be useful . 
  the only `` core '' is infinity edge and last whisper , other that that you will need lifesteal ( probably rushing wriggles then sell it for bloodthirster later ) , more crit ( typically phantom or yommuus ) , and the rest of the items can be defensive . 
  my usual build is : wriggles - merc threads - phantom dancers - last whisper - infinity edge - guardian angel ( this one helps a lot if you are getting focused ) - maw of malmortius or qss, 
  tl ; dr : as glasscannon as a carry nowadays : get high dmg items then a bit of defense . 
  hmmm great insight , the problem is , since no one picks them , no one will give a fuck about them being useless , so the community wo n't stand up for it . 
  would completely fuck up the elo system . 
  i think you should read about the system itself , then probably you would n't come up with these kind of suggestions , which are constructive and good , just not for this system . 
  yes , but at the same time , you have to make it attractive . . you have to `` sell the idea '' and atm even i would n't buy it . 
  you might want to rethink what you just wrote ... 
  when i dou que with someone like 600 elo above me , we get matched with 300 elo above me ( and 300 elo below my partner ) thus averaging out the player strength . 
  this , and the huge playerbase causes that you almost always get +13 elo . 
  theorethically , i will never get matched with erwinbooze , but for example i would , lets say everyone in that gem is 2.6 k elo and i 'm 1200 , which i 'm at right now , i 'm sure i would gain more . 
  ( if i win , that is . . not to mention that he is na and im euw ), 
  once i duoq 'd with a 1450 player wehn i was 1300ish , in our game almost everyone was like 1450-1550ish and i lost only 11 elo instead of 13 . 
  i agree about the opinon that the system is flawed , but this is still the elo system . 
  i enjoy evelynn , especially at champselect ... my teammates always welcome my decisions with warm , friendly words . 
  ingame it gets even better . 
  playing eve is very rewarding , every kill i get is followed by my mates ' congratulations for `` kill secured '' . 
  they are shortening it to ks , which i agree with , they write it many times after all . . 
  not sure about what `` report '' means though , perhaps they are encouraging to write riot an email about how great player i was . 
  tons of fun . 
  i just love it, 
  also he has the most badass skin ever, 
  mpen reds, 
  mr blues, 
  yellows : manaregen or armor ( for agressive trading behind minons ), 
  quints : ap for most mids , spellvamp for ones with high base skill values ( mord , kennen ) , movespeed for slow mids ( kata ), 
  nooo this joke is not old and not reposted 40 times . . nooo, 
  knight, 
  lets see . . 
  trynd/ashe obviously king and queen . 
  for peasants we can have 8 yordles ? 
  kennen/heimer/corki / tristana/lulu/ziggs / poppy/rumble, 
  for rooks we need tanks , preferably robust-looking , maybe nunu/malphite/nautilus / cho/nasus etc. 
  for knights , we can have assasins : akali/eve/shaco / talon, 
  for bishops , we can have long-range characters : lux/caitlyn/ezreal / kog, 
  that is 1 set but let 's say it 's a normal blind pick :d, 
  not valid on euw, 
  not valid on euw, 
  not valid on euw ... probably all gone imo, 
  nice ign you got there,
