  basically , he is a tanky dps without any hard cc . 
  he can survive and do lots of damage , but for example , so can udyr , and he has a stun ... 
  haha did it once with 4 % crit chance , the enemy was like `` wtffff hackkomggg '' totally worth it :d, 
  actually riot does a very good job in selecting skins/art imo so i guess basically any christmas skin would be nice :d, 
  i am already tryndamere , cuz `` my right arm is a lot stronger than my left arm '' ... , 
  heheh :d, 
  you are using q on creeps wtf ? 
  you are doing it wrong , get wriggles, 
  yes exactly the same with gangplank , q is a harass tool , and only secondary to farm ^ ^ problem is , veigar relies too much on farming ... 
  hm wat about sending an ad mid and getting veigar bot ? 
  zero, 
  only lasthit to prevent tower dmg . 
  no , i mean people thing gp 's q is for farming only . 
  umm you forgot wards, 
  nice :d, 
  i thought they cant top the starcraft commentators when they get over-amazed by a psi storm micro , but i was wrong :d, 
  wrong , banshees save you from being detected . 
  it consumes the shield , though, 
  also i managed to accidentally spell shield tf ult once with sivir when pushing lol :d, 
  yes we do !, 
  i want a warwick and a teemo skin too, 
  that is why i have full armor and full mres rune pages ... cuz maybe i meet a fking malz on top l0l, 
  so what , i can press s to cancel action . . now noobs can use tf too dammit, 
  can you tell me when is the stealth rework coming , then ? 
  bookmarked , maybe we should even print screen it and rub it in everyones face in february :d, 
  holy shit i laughed my ass off, 
  if eve is worthless ( feeding ) then shes not 400 gold :d, 
  just . . 
  wow . 
  oh totally forgot about that :d i thought firstblood or something , 
  you must have been veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeery drunk, 
  +1 sir from hungary , where this guy ( arpad elo ) born . 
  actually its '' \u00c9l\u0151 '' and '' \u00c1rp\u00e1d '' moreover in hungary we use the eastern name order so its '' \u00c9l\u0151 \u00c1rp\u00e1d '' but yeah . . what to expect from this community lol, 
  love the lux drawing :d, 
  wtf you are actually sportsman ? 
  nice , you must be the 1 % then :d, 
  i used to go sanguine blade -  phantom dancer -  infinity edge -  guardians angel -  yommuu 's . 
  getting boots + avarice blade first . 
  edit : boots are cdr for lulz . 
  with masteries + runes cdr is maxed, 
  edit2 : try out the double phantoms + rabadons + rylais + lichbane + dfg for epic spinz :d, 
  pick trynd , press r. 
  enemy picks trynd ? 
  pick akali , burst down , wait 5 sec , repeat, 
  edit : for serious notice , one trick i always use is that i set my runepage according to enemy damage . 
  for example against garen i go full armor , against gragas i go some magic resist ( speaking about tryn ofc , other chars may need some runes like hp or mana regen ), 
  what if two singeds fling each other ? 
  two bc grabs each other ? 
  what if jax stacks 4 archangels + rabadons + atmas ? 
  just like any other champion ... 
  say hello to my mercury threads :d, 
  what if tryn goes phantom + ie +4 bloodthirster then ? 
  or lb :d, 
  lets try in a custom . 
  it was never full ad wtf ? 
  it 's actually pretty hilarious i think :d, 
  candy panda tristana, 
  voyboy karthus, 
  and cait/twitch, 
  got my first quadra with nunu bot , penta with demonblade tryndamere . . yep, 
  lol, 
  duo queue with a good ad carry , simple . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhyhjf-f-1q for example, 
  exactly , thats why i always ban sion and kassadin no matter what . 
  i play soraka on solotop trololol, 
  hahha hilarious to watch , i did it sometimes with singed too . 
  omg please tell me the soundtrack title !!!, 
  no , seriously, 
  doable in lategame . . 
  thanks , i 'm totally gon na search after him ^ ^, 
  its for-tay in italian though , amirite ? 
  do it and take out money :d, 
  soraka , instant cast , long range , not predictabe . 
  yes , and like 10 more ... 
  ap sion is the worst thing i ever met in mid . . besides good xeraths, 
  yes , although it was a bit other in my screen, 
  seems like you have a thing for global ults ? 
  you must have cried a lot when they got nerfed :(, 
  too bad i cant play ryze :( got ta learn it , i suppose, 
  not . 
  this and bear stance . 
  and some fine hp regen while you ult :d, 
  are you gay or something ? 
  no offense . 
  thx :d, 
  / ignore , nuff said, 
  hoooooly shit im moving to china, 
  yeah like who needs armor lol . 
  maybe even worth to buy 2 boots for midgame on certain champs l0l, 
  i mean this + another one for as or tenacity, 
  sarcasm - not for everyone !, 
  priceless !, 
  its from the beach, 
  or biatch :d, 
  holy shit man , yes . 
  new vegas was like fucking unplayable when it came out , yet its like the greatest fallout ever made and my favourite of course , stealed like 1k + hours of my life lol, 
  i 'd swap a warmog for a fon but yeah basically that is the troll build :d, 
  i use them on trynd sometimes , the reactions after 3 of 150 + chain crits on gankers are hilarious :d, 
  that awkward moment when tristana saves the entire enemy team by ulting them away from morgana :d, 
  ... i mean , after the rework , of course :d,
