  looks so wholesome < 3, 
  it 's not . 
  i 'm not sick !, 
  i 'm just attracted to predator types . 
  noo i meant the `` ooh im so edgy '' one !, 
  no , the petite one with ridiculous hair color !, 
  no i told you !, 
  it 's the one with the big circle thing on her forehead !, 
  he said bullshit , not op . 
  nooo . . 
  i meant the one with the spikes !, 
  i have no interest in this game anymore whatsoever . 
  peace guys , it was a good run ( not ), 
  he did not say it is , he said it sounds like it, 
  i wish i could sell mine lol, 
  i 'd buy a kindlegem before steraks to max out cdr, 
  but then he would have to end the first ... ? 
  probably the reason for gt being bad at translating hungarian is that hungarian is not a germanic language and the translating script probably tries to force a germanic word structure . 
  for example it can translate danish much better ( to english i mean ), 
  ca n't hurt to have more friends , 
  that wont stop them from picking . . 
  yes you are right !, 
  there is an old film ( firefox ) where an american spy steals a combat fighter jet that is thought controlled , from the soviets . 
  he ca n't even start it at first until he realizes he has to `` think russian '' . 
  i understand your attitude , but i think - and i think i 'm not alone with this - the best way to make friends is that treat everyone a potential friend until they prove otherwise , 
  chinese, 
  lol, 
  i did not need this . 
  thanks anyway ;(, 
  i love you , 
  it 's okay to use games as an escape . 
  better than most other solutions at least . 
  stay strong m8 . 
  raptors start for sure, 
  eve in a void outfit , with large skeletal dragon wings like that morgana and that zyra skin has . 
  that would be the end form , over the game she would gradually transition . 
  the start from could be some kind of project aesthetic . 
  so . . basically sarah kerrigan, 
  lmao, 
  this is a good idea, 
  not sure if you aware but `` i 'll bit your legs off '' is already in the game ( gentleman cho , a legendary skin ) along with other cool references, 
  how about spooky scary evelynn where he is basically a zombie ( think combie brand effects , but cooler ) also she jumpscares you when coming out of stealth . 
  just imaginign an 1 year old getting first blood made me chuckle, 
  would be a nice counterpart to junkyard trundle, 
  yeah i wouldnt remember it either , but i got that skin from a chest for free so . . got ta play it i guess, 
  shitty ? 
  mate you need to rethink your attitude , its free discounts , be happy with it, 
  yeah , reminds me of fo2 start area, 
  yes except instead of the point we use a comma in the metric age . 
  i may have used the wrong word then :d, 
  sorri for bad englando, 
  good catch, 
  i really like it , but why is her hair behind her eyes ? 
  stream long enough *, 
  i like this one best, 
  i miss old gp . 
  ww said if they run, 
  yeah if you take 10 minutes for each line ... for a professional oice actor it 's probably way less . 
  oh , i see , thanks for the explanation, 
  how about oldschool build ? 
  triforce , yomuus ga gunblade, 
  you could spend more time getting the screen resolution right, 
  yeah that is why i thought some constructive criticism would do good, 
  it 's distorted for comedy ... 
  it gives a nice all in - and i dont jungle much on eve , 
  joining in to be just one more person who tells you to roll with it . 
  tell her . 
  if you are insecure about it . . just show her this text . 
  ( not the comments lol - just the post ) it is beautiful . 
  when i read it , it felt like it 's a confession written to a third person only as an artistic disguise , and really it 's written for the girl . 
  i ca n't tell much though . 
  the situation might be different in reality . 
  all that matters is what will make you happy . 
  what do you feel ? 
  would you be happier if you would n't have to hide it anymore ? 
  if you would n't have to joke about it anymore ? 
  plus at this point she probably knows it already , or at least suspects it . 
  or not . 
  who knows . 
  without her you do n't like this job - this is perfect . 
  the worst that can happen is that you will feel like you want to quit . 
  can you afford that ? 
  ( i mean financially ) . 
  liquid ? 
  alright fuck cancer, 
  also may your dad rest in peace my friend, 
  are you sure it is not your insecurity speaking ? 
  if yes , i agree with what you said above . 
  just make sure you rule out insecurity as a possible cause of inaction, 
  oh yes . 
  please . 
  casters made it even better, 
  a hommage to soraka bot the original eve onetrick player back in s1 . 
  also the l is actually a n uppercase i, 
  mute everyone including pings, 
  i like the way you think . 
  i dont ' know how will i react to totally changing a character that is almost 7 years old . 
  i might leave this game . 
  but the leaks surely are concerning - i loved the massive outplay potential with stealth , now they reduce it to only near walls ... fuk that, 
  wooooo :d,
