  and this is why in times of austerity peoples views shift to self interest much more directly , they want themselves to be helped first and foremost , and everyone else can get their own . 
  when most of us do well , that 's when you see people make choices that go towards others . = , but even then it 's still under the knowledge that we will get a return on that investment in the future if we needed it . 
  i pay national insurance to cover my health and welfare when i work , not because i am sick or need jobseekers allowance , or need the help now , but so the help is there when i need it . 
  the mutual benefit , and the self serving part , is that we can all get something back when we need it , if we all offer to put money in the pot to help others now . 
  because he can afford it . 
  it 's a drop in the ocean to him . 
  it 's like saying bill gates would be negatively affected if he set fire to a pile of a million dollars , sure he would technically lose out , but he already has so much he can afford to waste it . 
  would warren buffet support the idea to work for $ 20,000 dollars a year and use the rest of his earnings to bring as many other people on less than that amount to the same amount ? 
  no of course not , because it affects him negatively . 
  maybe i should qualify my point to be somehting like no one in their right minds would vote against something outside of their ` affordable negative impact ' an amount that they can lose without having having much impact on their lives or lifestyles . 
  remember here that the point spawning this was that a guy voted against inheritance tax because it could make his family business unsustainable , even though by voting against inheritance tax he is allowing the already very wealthy to be much better off , and leaving people with little money either unaffected ( or even worse off because the tax money could benefit them ) . 
  in what world should he have chosen to help others rather than himself ? 
  he could put his whole livelihood and business at risk here for the sake of others just because inheritance tax is the right thing to do overall , lose out and then what does he have ? 
  can he rely on someone else to come and bail him out ? 
  when it comes down to an issue that has an actual tangible direct impact on your life , you are n't going to vote to fuck yourself over . 
  warren buffet might want to pay more tax to help others while he can continue to live the life style exactly as he wants with no negative imapact . 
  as soon as that tax amount became enough to influence his lifestyle , he 'd turn against it . 
  if i had a billion dollars i 'd give plenty away to charity etc , but if giving away to charity affected me buying the house i wanted , guess who is the one to lose out . 
   is there no cause that you would vote against your own self interests for ? 
  sure many . 
  but they also do n't affect me negatively , that 's what i was getting at . 
  same for the gay issue . 
  it does n't affect me negatively wither way , so my opinion on it is n't directly self interest driven , except the deeper you dig into why i picked the side i did the more you realise it actually is . 
  let 's say a straight perosn votes against gay marriage ? 
  why ? 
  it 's against there religion . 
  immediately you 're hit with their self interests affecting their choices in an issue that does n't affect them personally at all . 
  their own reasoning and personal do n't even apply to the people that are affected . 
  the reasoning is that they think what limits and boundaries apply to themselves should be applied to everyone else , it is an act of self interest , they do n't want to allow gays to married because they are afraid it will have knock on effects on their own interests . 
  people who are for it , are acting altruistically in a sense but only so far as they will stand up to defend the rights of someone in the hopes that the same favour is returned . 
   finally , no-one is enlightened by this novel idea you have that people learn things based on their experiences . 
  good not trying to blow minds here . 
   why do working class people vote right when the left guarantee a hand out ? 
  uh is the rise of voters voting for right and far right parties an argument against people voting in their own self interests ? 
  who exactly does a party like ukip look out for ? 
  these guys are very much right-wing . 
  do you think lot 's of non-whites voted for them to bolster their white friends ? 
  or would you agree that that party is sustained by people who view politics as a means to pursue their own self interests . 
  because most people would say that ukips views are bad for society and onyl good for a select few , and yet they got a lot of party support . 
  lot 's of working class people vote for them . 
  the conservatives , also far right , and against things like welfare , the nhs and even more . 
  what type of person do you think would be against the nhs , or jobseekers allowance ? 
  someone who has altruistic views and is willing to make sacrifices to themselves to benefit everyone else ? 
  or someone who is only concerned about themselves and their needs ? 
  if you think the working class of britain are making choices on what they think is best rather than what they thinks benefits them you are deeply deeply mistaken . 
  it even fucking says at the end of the article you linked '' when working-class people vote conservative , as most do in the us , they are not voting against their self-interest ; they are voting for their moral interest . 
  they are voting for the party that serves to them a more satisfying moral cuisine . '', 
  so when the working class vote against the parties that look out for minorities , or the needy or the poor , turns out they are also voting in their self interest , and for the party that suits their own needs best . 
  how many working class people on jobseekers allowance do you think voted conservative in the uk ? 
  how many people with chronic illnesses ? 
  what you 've done here is provided a source that backs up exactly what i was trying to say . 
  in times of hardship , when decisions can negatively affect them . 
  people vote almost entirely in their own self interest . 
  in times when we 're all doing great and we 're all successful , then we start making choices to help others . 
  the priority is help yourself -  help others that matter to you -  expect others to help you . 
  it 's just evolutionary game theory . 
  i 'll scratch your back if you scratch mine . 
  sure i 'll share a little food with you when you have none and i have lots because if you owe me , i can get something back later when i need it . 
  the second the food dries up though , it 's every man for themselves . 
  it 's all self interest even when it does n't appear to be at face value . 
  do you think people people donate to homeless charities purely for the homeless persons benefit , or do you think they also believe that if they were in that position they 'd want help ? 
  they provide help to others , in order to be allowed to expect help in return . 
  that is the basis of behaviour of a societal , social animal . 
  same principal with politics and money . 
  the fact that people can and will vote in their own interests is a product of democracy . 
  it 's it rule by the voice of the people . 
  it will always act to the benefit of most people interests especially where a lot of peoples self interests coincide . 
  the idea of a government run by people who make objectively right or wrong decisions despite themselves or their interest is something else entirely . 
  and not being able to vote for my own self interests is a symptom of an oppressed society , where there is no such thing as `` i want '' or `` we want '' there is just '' you get '' . 
  no one in their right mind is going to actively vote against their self interests in a way that will negatively impact them . 
  ( allow me to qualify the point i 'm making here ; i 'm talking about people voting to give something up that has a significant negative impact on their lives . 
  sure someone volunteering to pay more tax is a negative on paper , but if you can afford to do it without taking any other hit , that negative impact is negligible in reality . 
  i 'm talking about a real negative impact like the op 's . 
  he could vote to keep inheritance tax because it 's the right thing to do overall or he could vote against it and help himself . 
  the negative impact here could change his whole lifestyle , so why would he ever vote to sacrifice himself . 
  if op had a billion dollars in the bank he might think , '' well the business will take a hit on the tax changes but i can afford it , and inheritance tax benefits the needy '' , but he doens ' t ahve enough to make a sacrifice to himself without a significant negative impact as opposed to a neglible one , so he ca n't . ), 
  right and wrong decisions and votes will be made on things that do n't affect people directly only if the overall effect on them is neutral . 
  further , everything you do is driven by your self interests and personal experiecnes , that 's why people formulate different ideas of rights and wrongs . 
  gay marriage , 10 % of the population is homosexual and affected by this law , but people that are not homosexuals have very strong opinions on the matter , why ? 
  because they have preconceived notions of what they feel is right or wrong influenced by their education , experiences and upbringing . 
  there 's not really an objectively right answer to the question , there 's no person in the world who can separate themselves entirely from their previous knowledge and approach an issue in an entirely objective way . 
  the best idea is the idea that most people agree on . 
  the idea that most people agree on is what they feel is the right choice . 
  the right choice to make is influenced by all their prior experience and knowledge up to that point . 
  self-interest is an inherent part of democracy , and you ca n't remove it . 
  what you 're getting at is balancing it with altruism . 
  '' maybe i should vote this thing that affects me not very much , but makes a really positive difference to someone else '' , '' maybe i should take a small negative impact in order for my peers to be much better off . '' . 
  the thing is though altruism also comes back down to self interest at it 's core '' if i do this for them then they might do something for me next time . '' . 
  it 's great to weigh up decisions and make choices based on right and wrong that impact others , but you inherently expect the same in return . 
  when you are suddenly the guy getting stepped on to give everyone else a leg up , i can assure you your choices will bend much more to your own self interests rather than continue helping others . 
  or a briton . 
  the uk had that . 
  they were called the ira and the uk branded them terrorists . 
  i took it to be similar in the uk , where it might be something i could get away with in my own known company , but in a setting where other people could overhear me , or the people it might be directed at could be present it could land me in the shit . 
  i know for sure here that if i was to sit in a pub spouting about how i '' hated the fucking jews '' or something equally offensive , i 'd be frog marched out of the place by a bouncer or staff member at least . 
  at worst , someone would probably give me a showing or turn the police on me . 
  the police would get involved here if my conversations were inflammatory to anyone who might overhear , because it would almost inevitably lead to arguments/fights etc , which is grounds for disturbing the peace or inciting hatred . 
  no need for the sarcasm really is there . 
  just because you are a german it 's not making what you said any less wrong . 
  i looked it up because i thought it would be surprising if you could get away with speech like that in germany of all places , and from what i 've seen you ca n't .
