working on your tans then ? 
  anything over 10c is t-shirt weather . 
  if the reddit community 5 or 7 ( but not 6 ) years ago , was full of pedantic , arrogant , and narcissistic cunts like you , then i 'm glad the common muck like me came , because i relish the fact that it seems to be ruining your enjoyment of this site . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure most of people that could be considered part of your elite little online community '' 5 or 7 years ago '' thought you were an arsehole too . 
  hence why you 're lingering around like a bitter fart in the air , filling everyone 's nostrils with the stink of your foul attitude . 
  never tried fullers , i 'll keep an eye out for it . 
  aye , i 've read through and worked out what most of the comments mean , the ones i did best at understanding were in german , which i guess makes some sense . 
  makes me wish i 'd tried harder at school though . 
  although , the only option we were ever given was french . 
  hehe , at the minute nothin ' special , just this cheap little french lager they sell at aldi . 
  i forget what it 's called but it comes in stubby little bottles and does n't seem to turn to vinegar when it gets warm like a lot of lager does . 
  so it 's not too bad . 
  when i 'm feeling like something nice though i usually try and get a hold of a decent dry cider , or if i 'm fancying ale , a pint of adnams goes down dead good . 
  reminds me of being on holiday in suffolk . 
  fridge full of beer 's sorted . 
  sitting on a boiling hot train for two hours to get to the seaside might be more hassle than it 's worth though . 
  gon na have to stick to the garden i reckon . 
  cheers !, 
  i 'm just sitting here feeling guilty for fulfilling the stereotype of being a brit that only speaks english . 
  except maybe a little bit of spanish i absorbed from my housemate speaking it all the time . 
  an american posting to / r/europe in japanese though . 
  i like that . 
  you 're a fucking moron . 
  i 've been on jobseeker 's less than a month , and am yet to receive a single welfare payment . 
  i 've just graduated from university and may have already found work before i even get any money from the government . 
  you 're accusing me of having an inability to find work because of a small grammatical error in a comment made on an internet forum ( sorry for not meticulously proofreading everything i say ) . 
  now you 're telling me that jobseeker 's thoughts/opinions are irrelevant . 
  it might seem shocking to you , but most people * want * to work , unfortunately your dream job is n't handed to you the day you leave school , so most people have to find somewhere to start and begin searching for work , which can be a very long and time consuming process . 
  before you rattle on about how you pay for people 's welfare and that we do n't deserve it ( if you so decide ) . 
  two things . 
  firstly , everyone pays into the pot , jobless or not , everyone stills pays some taxes ( e.g. 
  vat , alcohol tax , cigarette tax ) which puts money in so that people who need it are helped . 
  secondly , you might not be using it now , but it 's for your benefit too . 
  i can imagine you 'd be pretty pissed off if you found yourself without work , or your children had to spend periods of time out of work , and they ca n't get a single penny of help from anyone . 
  the fact is , most people will probably need it at some point in their lives . 
  but this is all pointless discussion anyway . 
  you 're an american trawling the / r/europe subreddit for apparently no other reason than to pick internet fights with strangers , which tells me that you must be a pretty unlikeable cunt . 
  no one likes a pedant . 
  students are pretty keen on protesting , once this porn blocking sets in they 'll probably burn parliament down . 
  these teenagers need to whack off , think of all the pent up wankxiety it 's going to cause . 
  what 's the point being a job seeker if there is n't even any jobs , porn , or dope to stop me from applying for work , getting stoned , drunk , and wanking myself into oblivion . 
  if they take the porn i have nothing to live for anymore anyway . 
  kick us out and have germany and france step on our larynx until we stop squirming . 
  it 's the only way to protect the porn . 
   it 's the things that some of us take pride in in ourselves ** but better ** . 
  ftfy arguably , they have as good or better football , better beer , a better economy , they are at least stereotyped as more hardworking than we are . 
  i would add that they generally are n't known for their ` anti-englishness ' or even being ` anti ' towards any nationality really . 
  whereas most other places tend to have rival nations that they like to say they dislike . 
  doubt it . 
  there 's many more french speaking countries . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_territorial_entities_where_french_is_an_official_language than german http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_territorial_entities_where_german_is_an_official_language, 
   nazi jokes  it 's inselaffen , there 's no r. grammar nazi ? 
  hahaha fair enough , i still think if a german called me that even with all the vitriol and hate they could muster i 'd still giggle . 
  surely you know them ? 
  it 's always about the same stuff , food , war , and sports . 
  krauts and nazi jokes and shit . 
  inserlaffen is just funny . 
  is it a very derogatory word for the brits , or is it intended jokingly ? 
  i do n't think i 'd ever find it offensive , i 'd just laugh . 
  inse ~ ~ r ~ ~ laffen is a fucking brilliant word . 
  they call us island monkeys lol , that 's so much better than shite we the brits come up with . 
  yeah i 'm in pretty much full agreement with you now . 
  i think i 'm actually seeing the counter point here . 
  in answer to your question , at some level , we fund things that benefit others , because we 'd want others to do the same for us . 
  it 's empathetic and altruistic and a kind of '' i 'll scratch your back if you scratch mine '' mentality , and it works out to benefit everyone along the way , but it can also directly benefit me and be in my self interest . 
  there 's a lot i can gain by being generous and nice and courteous when i can afford to , and calling in my dues later when i 'd need them most . 
  whether you consider the idea that you might support nhs , or public welfare money , or charities an act something from self-interest because effectively you 're saying '' i 'll help you guys now while i can afford to fund it and you need it if the situation changes and roles are reversed you owe it to me to do the same '' it could still be considered somewhat selfish because i 'm ensuring help for myself first and foremost . 
  i do n't pay national insurance just so all the sick people get seen , i pay it so that i get seen when i need it too and it wo n't financially destroy me , it 's just a mutual bonus that if we all agree to use the system we can all benefit from it equally and much more than if he acted alone . 
  i mean if everyone had perfect altruistic intentions there 'd never be a case against people who use the nhs without ever paying money into it , it would n't factor as an issue because all we 'd be concerned about it helping others not about where * my * money goes , and why people get the same treatment as me even though they pay in more or less . 
  so i agree it 's charity and social healthcare and stuff are mostly altruistic intention , we want everyone to do well . 
  but there 's also the selfish benefit to , of basically setting up a system where others will help you when you need it . 
  like a favor on demand . 
  '' hang onto that thing for me , and make sure you give it back when i need it . '', 
  sorry the conservatives bit was a mistake i still had ukip on the brain , i 'm aware they are not far-right . 
  i 'd agree with you on your points about ukip . 
  it is still significantly a party driven by self interest as opposed to a societal equality or an objective balance of right or wrong though , i feel . 
  they just do what they want for themselves to the detriment of others , in my my eyes . 
  i 'm interested in your points about war and slavery , those kinds of factors had n't occurred to me when i made my initial post , and they fall under a interesting bit of politics and philosophy . 
  in most cases where war is left up to the public opinion do n't most people and countries tend to be against the idea because of the risk ? 
  at least until it get 's to the point where the public opinion shifts to choice of a lesser of two evils . 
  it 's sucks to go to war . 
  but we risk to lose a lot more by not going . 
  how often has it been shown that a country has gone to war purely for the sake of others , with nothing for that countries personal gain ? 
  ( out of interest , not a point of contention - i 'm sure there are cases here ) . 
  you 're actually right , i would ban slavery if i could vote on it . 
  even if it would collapse the economy and fuck all of us together , i mean i 'd do it under the hope that that would n't happen and that we could get something better afterward , but i 'd risk it sure . 
  you 've got me convinced there that there are some things worth losing over . 
  i guess i should n't put words in people 's mouths about the priority thing . 
  the point i was making though is that we as humans will generally have an abundance of something enough to sort ourselves out , before we will consider helping others . 
  to help someone else at my own cost when i already have very little would only occur in personal terms , in personal relationships . 
  see this is it . 
  you can afford to make sacrifices like paying more tax , because the overall impact on your quality of life is presumably negligible or very small . 
  i doubt you 're you 're having to pull the coins out from under the cushions in your sofa to pay your energy bill because you 're paying out so much tax to help everyone else . 
  say your situation changed would you steadfastly remain an altruist and vote for higher taxes when you could n't afford to because it benefits others ? 
  perhaps i was too literal in saying any negative effects . 
  i 'm talking about something substantial , a life altering change like op mentioned about the effects that tax law would have on his business . 
  at some point you will have enough affluence to be able to share it without it affecting you lifestyle , and part of the reason you do that , is because you also hope that if you found yourself on the receiving end you 'd want others to help you . 
  it is a mutual process of self interest . 
  you help others now when you can , under the expectation others help you when you need it . 
  not many people will give everyhting meaningful to them up , and expect or get nothing in return .
