  - the mother first said that he was not home , since she said he was sleeping . 
  then i said `` you can go up and wake him up , '' and then she said `` no , i can not , i 'm not allowed . '', 
  then went fredrik malm colleague woke up and the suspect . 
  self he remained downstairs and started to play with some of the family 's young children , a girl and a guy who was curious and thought it was exciting with the police . 
  - suddenly , the mother with a shawl and put on the girl . 
  as i perceive it as it is because i am one . 
  but the daughter is only five years . 
  it begins as early how to be nurtured . 
  it is the environment . 
  i do not feel at home when i 'm in that kind of accommodation . 
  fredrik malm stresses that he is not opposed to the headgear , religious or other . 
  but it felt , he thought , as if the five-year girl was sexualized when the mother put on her shawl just because a man came to visit . 
  it may sound paradoxical , but it circumscribed life that some girls have in sweden can make them more susceptible to the siren calls from is in syria , believes fredrik malm . 
  while it awaits the is is about oppression and exploitation can remotely seem like an adventure , a way to get away from the family 's harsh supervision . 
  as for the guys who go from vivalla to war with is sees it differently . 
  they often have a messy past with drugs , attempted robbery and theft . 
  fredrik malm is not quite fathom how vivallajihadisternas religious commitment really looks like . 
  it appears irregularly in polisinspekt\u00f6rens eyes . 
  - sure , you struggle to get a place in paradise . 
  but are you completely honest now ? 
  drugs are of course also haram ( forbidden ) . 
  according to sapo has about a third of the swedish syria passengers a documented criminal background . 
  one of them is 23-year-old amin ghezali , mohamed qadars travel companion . 
  when he was 18 , he got stuck and two buddies in customs at the oresund bridge with two kilograms of hashish and three automatic pistols . 
  the district court held that it was impossible to prove who of the three who handled hashish . 
  amin ghezali was sentenced for aggravated contraband for his gun , but escaped prison because of his young age . 
  since then he has been convicted of several new crimes as theft , drug and weapons offenses amin ghezali is thus little brother of mehdi ghezali , who was detained among al-qaeda sympathizers in the border region between pakistan and afghanistan in late 2001 . 
  he was handed over to the us and was detained in guantanamo for over two years . 
  guantanamo is a naval base located on land that the united states leased from cuba for over a century . 
  after september 11 , 2001 established a prison camp for suspected terrorists , a legal black hole where the us military undisturbed could torture people in search of information . 
  orebro comforter mehdi ghezali never formally accused of any crime . 
  when he went home to sweden in the summer of 2004 , he told me that he had been tortured by the us military . 
  the then 25-year-old ghezali evasive press inquiries about what he thought of al-qaeda leader osama bin laden : - i do not know him as a person and therefore i can not judge him . 
  the us military wrote an opinion on the mehdi ghezali before he was released : `` he is easy to manipulate , will be happy influenced by others and will be very vulnerable to attempts to recruit him for future terrorist activities . '', 
  in summer 2009 , mehdi ghezali was arrested again in pakistan along with 28-year-old swede munir awad and several others . 
  they were suspected of pakistani authorities to prepare for terrorist activities . 
  munir awad 's 19-year-old swedish wife and their two-year son was also imprisoned . 
  after six weeks of pressure from the swedish foreign ministry released the four swedes and had to go back to sweden . 
  2010 munir awad was arrested in copenhagen after several months of surveillance cooperation between swedish and danish security police . 
  along with two swedes and a tunisian , he had prepared a terrorist attack against the jyllands-posten editorial - the newspaper that published the mohammed cartoons in 2005 . 
  munir awad now serving a twelve-year prison sentence . 
  mehdi ghezali still live in vivalla . 
  in recent years he has studied the electricians , and even driven some taxi . 
  in spring 2014 , he was sentenced to ten months in prison for aggravated fraud , because he bought a new four-wheel drive nissan pick-up with trailer without paying . 
  in autumn 2013 , he ran abroad with the car - including the belgian capital brussels and the district of molenbeek , who like vivalla fostered many jihadists . 
  several of the islamist terrorists who in the 2000s were behind the bloody attacks in europe have lived in molenbeek . 
  mehdi ghezali lived in brussels for several months . 
  he even arranged so that another car , a vw van , driven down from sweden to brussels . 
  in december 2013 , he flew home , and left the two cars left in brussels . 
  \u00d6rebro police who investigated bilbedr\u00e4geriet mehdi ghezali said he left the cars remain in brussels as unknown persons demanded to have them as payment for a gambling debt . 
  - they threatened to kill me , he said in the police interview . 
  investigators failed to get him to tell me why he went right to brussels . 
  he said only that he lived with `` friends '' . 
  - what did you live in ? 
  asked orebro police interrogators . 
  - with them i lived with , said mehdi ghezali . 
  - how much money did you have with you ? 
  - do not know , can not remember . 
  mehdi ghezali rarely say much , according to fredrik malm . 
  his brother amin is more snackig . 
  when he still lived in vivalla and sweden , he could become aggressive and hostile towards the police . 
  - at some point he asked me to go to hell . 
  but then he came and asked me to apologize . 
  he then had a period when he was a little more contact applicants . 
  perhaps , considering the local police , he should have seen the signs that amin was about to leave . 
  - i visited friday prayers in the mosque when i had the opportunity , and met him there occasionally . 
  the weeks just before he went to try to get to syria ended amin ghezali to greet fredrik malm when they met . 
  he was probably in `` some sort of process of trying to isolate themselves , '' believe policeman today . 
  - if someone new is behaving that way , i will probably try to actively seek out that person . 
  when yasmin said ahmed stack she lied and said she was going to visit a friend in stockholm . 
  her friends and family back home in sweden were shocked when they realized that she instead traveled to be part of the is terrorist sect . 
  now they have been told that she met her husband and giving birth to the couple 's first child in syria . 
  while growing up in link\u00f6ping was yasmin said ahmed fickle and impressionable . 
  one week she was `` super left '' , next week she was conservative blue . 
  a religious period when it was important for her to walk in the veil and to ask could be followed by a time when she said she could not be bothered to care . 
  her upbringing was not particularly rigorous , and the parents let her decide pretty much on his own life . 
  when she was nineteen , she married and moved to vivalla . 
  her husband was five years older man who `` got all the warning lights flashing , '' according to a friend . 
  he was authoritarian and showed anti-democratic views . 
  in the autumn of 2013 he traveled to syria and declared that he would not come back . 
  yasmin said ahmed 's friends wondered why she did not differ when the man went to join is . 
  now they know the answer . 
  if you are unsure of their opinions can is radical islamism seem attractive because it claims to have the answer to all social problems , reasons of yasmin 's old friends . 
  - it is a political package . 
  unfortunately , i think that she is a convinced supporter . 
  it 's not about a brainwashed victim but about a young woman who made a conscious choice . 
  - he said to me : `` you betray my brother 's dead body . '', 
  the offer also killed mohammed came to the family via social media , says mahdi warsama . 
  the family went into a mourning period . 
  - somewhere , i think they hope he is still alive . 
  the mother announces via mahdi warsama that she can not be bothered to talk to me about their sons . 
  when i call the father of the family qadar he would not talk . 
  one time he was interviewed about their children by the newspaper expressen . 
  it was the autumn of 2014 , when liban had gone back gets to fight for the second time . 
  the father told me that he repeatedly asked his sons if they `` are interested in the islamic state . '', 
  - they have said `` no , no '' . 
  but i understand that they do not say anything to me . 
  they know that i am against all that is stands for . 
  the father thought a lot about how recruitment is . 
  who gave his sons money and inspiration to travel to syria ?
