  i see and agree that this is a collective and unhealthy mental hangup for swedes but it 's not based on nothing . 
  it 's not about poltava . 
  has anyone stated something about british future relations to esa ? 
   they were there from the start i do n't think poland agrees on that one . 
  or well they do but not in a way that makes the ussr or russia look better . 
  russian nukes does not solve your problems of energy dependence . 
  on a unrelated question how is the most expensive building in the world going ? 
  whos ground forces ? 
  and also daesh is loosing ground on all fronts , sdf is less than 10km from raqqa and the iraqi army has taken at least half of mosul and is currently cutting it of from the rest of their territory . 
  they no longer hold any territory outside of syria and iraq . 
  we are just gon na end up with the muscovites taking over novogrod again . 
  i 'm calling it now . 
  how do you get putin to run against putin ? 
   same-personness = zero . 
  ftfy, 
  europe is n't the us . 
  russia has no reason to expect the eu to ` shun ' them in libya . 
  just like the eu is n't in tunisia and was n't in moldova or ukraine . 
  it 's usually impossible to get a nation to recognize historical mistakes or lies . 
  so that 's mostly a non-starter . 
  it would be like russia recognizing it 's transgressions against moldova , georgia or ukraine . 
  as for relations between russia and a revitalized libya i cant see how any one could guarantee such a thing if the eu is going to have it 's way with the new nation being some form of free market democracy . 
  the size of the russian economy in comparison to the eu guarantees that libya would orientate more towards the eu if they were given a free choice . 
  the only way to guarantee any form of more than cordial relationship between russia and libya would be some form of dictatorship and from our point of view i think we would rather see the state split than accepting that . 
  i ca n't say that i really know what the russians want in libya . 
  especially as they support one side but did n't veto the other side getting recognised as the official government by the un and that those sides are n't afaik actually fighting each other right now . 
  as for syria i do n't see what europe has to give that 's worth that much to them . 
  pretty sure the russians would . 
  i have a hard time to see what we have to offer russia that we are willing to give . 
  dialling back sanctions is of the table , and recognizing crimea as russian is not even in the room . 
  so what is there to compromise about ? 
  that is bs . 
  all ` the right ' has done in relations to the eu is to bitch and whine about the cost . 
  sure ` the left ' has complained and moaned about the morals of having a boarder so they were n't any help either . 
  as per usual no side in the eu was willing to look beyond their ideal solution to a problem until there was a medium or bigger crisis brewing . 
  and you seem to be labelling the debate of 2014-2016 in media as the only debate going on . 
  the issue of external eu boarders has been on the table since the early nineties at least . 
  different sides has had the upper hand in different times but a compromise has never been reached . 
  as such the eu has never acted with any measure of force in the issue . 
  so we trade ukraine for libya then ? 
  i do n't think russia would accept that at the current time considering the relations . 
  was there any side that said that they wanted to pay for the boarder controls collectively five years ago ? 
  italy and greece ? 
  the struggle within the eu about how to treat the external borders and frontex has been going for at least a decade . 
  the lack of enough consensus to even have a proper discussion has been glaring . 
  most i have seen have the same shade . 
  it 's probably mostly the photos that are shit . 
  the powerhouse of swedish armaments industry was founded on the expertise of immigrant walloon gun casters . 
  and that is almost relevant . 
  it 's not ` red ' it 's * burgundy * . 
  seriously ? 
  and also : why ? 
  you can see across europe that the breakfast buffets at hotels are becoming more pan-european by the year . 
  we are becoming a federation one danish rybread/french cheese sandwich at a time . 
  who would want to live in a disunited europe if that means that i ca n't dip belgian ( french ? ), 
  chocolate pastry in my black scandinavian coffee every time i stay in a hotel ? 
  i hope ireland will get its [ cable ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/energy/sites/ener/files/documents/pci_1_6_en_2015.pdf ), 
  amnesty , human rights watch and ` doctors without borders ' are `` collaborating to spread lies about israel around the media '' ? 
  she 's a strong and independent market and needs no permanent partner !, 
  shame on you all for spreading gossip about her !, 
  i think they like the strategic dimension very much but i think it 's partly about improving the competitiveness of the inland and open a middle alternative in the cost/speed calculation . 
  they spent many years trying to convince russia that they should be allowed to pay for and build a standard gauge track from donbass to kazakhstan but putin said no . 
  no , we have to create a new organization to be able to place it 's headquarters in strasbourg so we can get the french to let the eu-parliament stop moving . 
  france needs to have three separate armies . 
  it 's the only way !, 
  i think we should keep ada, 
  if we want to confuse and anger the anglos we can form a eu-comity to create a better english later . 
  the at-4 and javelin are not that comparable as systems . 
  an at-4 weighs a third as much and is single operator . 
  javelin : unit cost us$ 246,000 ( fy2014 ) at-4 : unit cost us$ 1,480.64 they point of at-4 is that everyone can have one . 
  it 's a direct descendant of the panzerfaust and still has the idea that you are supposed to be able to teach civilian kids to use it in less than an hour . 
  i do n't think ( hope ) us troops use javelins to blow holes in walls the way they used to with at-4 . 
   and still said fuck it let 's fuck libya up . 
  was n't libya already pretty fucked up by that point ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  there is a slight difference in intervening in a country in the middle of a bloody civil war , and invading a country on the other side of the globe for ... 
  i do n't know reasons . 
  also most of the anglosphere seems to forget the for better or worse very special relationship between france and its former colonies in west/north africa . 
   it was a bad pun man that 's some / r/sweden levels of unprovoked shitty puns . 
  well done . 
  yes amos is a cooperation between patria and h\u00e4gglunds . 
  but the patria part of the project was purchased by bofors according to swedish wiki . 
  the swedish procurement department recently ordered 40 amos mounted on cv-90 chassis btw . 
  why would double or single barrels make it harder or easier to find ? 
  the main advantage of nemo in my world is that it can be mounted on our existing combat boats while amos had to much recoil = /, 
  afaik the gotland class is not ocean going . 
  there should be a price estimate for what it costs in an ocean going version as the aussies was offered that a while ago . 
  if we are bragging about superior swedish murder technologies i must recommend [ bonus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bofors_155_bonus ) and [ amos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amos ) ( i think strix as mentioned in that article is a single munition version of bonus ), 
  did n't harley davidson do the same ? 
  mmmm [ bonus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bofors_155_bonus ) you should be able to modify the design of the submunitions to make a version that fits in 122mm . 
  i think it did have those ? 
  did n't it ? 
  i hope mexico will start to call the yank-wall ` the anti fascist defence barrier ' . 
  would an audience at a political debate in the us really be chocked and maybe offended by a political candidate saying that they are n't the greatest country in the world ? 
  is that controversial for real ? 
   us infrastructure transfers between the states are last i checked 10x the whole eu budget ( including the cap ) . 
  the cohesion policy is over 1/3 of the eu budget and is moving towards 1/2 of it so there is n't much need to differentiate between them . 
  the us transfer system seems as most usian things , somewhat arbitrary and in need of constant political bickering . 
  much of the transfers seems to be that spending to achieve common infrastructure or technical goals is placed in the poorer states . 
  but the eu does n't have any such things , esa is n't technically a part of the eu and as such it has a hard time to make it move production to greece .
