  so yeah . 
  saab needed computers firstly to simulate things like aerodynamics on but the yanks refused to sell that level of strategic products to sweden . 
  so we made our own . 
  this is defence saab we are talking about not saab automobile or saab scania . 
  most paper machines and steel plants with machinery from before the 90 's change the control systems after a while . 
  no one maintains an old datasaab machine or similar when it starts giving up its ghosts . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm wondering if the piezoelectric sensors are old piezo-beep loudspeakers or if they are purpose built . 
  sooo ... could you translate the part you do n't understand ? 
  because going to the take outs is mandatory and if you say ' i do n't want to go ' you wont have to . 
  or actually , you will be ` forced ' to fill out a webform ( as it worked last year in the old conscription system ) and if you fill out a 1 on a scale from 1 to 10 on how much you want to do your military service you wont have to go to the take outs . 
  they want way less than 10 % of every cull and there are a lot of kids that want to serve and the service has a generally ok reputation in sweden . 
  i would say that it 's rather that a big group ( way over the less than 10 % per class amount ) would happily do their duty if asked . 
  but if the defence says that they can solve their manning without me i 'm not going to go asking to serve for a low salary and medium to poor career possibilities . 
  if you feel that it would be forced they probably would n't have wanted you ... 
  hey , do n't forget the curryketchup . 
  if that 's when they said it will be done it probably will be . 
  afaik there have n't been any delays . 
  out for for smokes huh ... 
  why the hurry ? 
  and here i thought it was about all the poles getting stabbed . 
  [ geraffes are so dumb . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/8aqjh/awww_this_is_just_too_sad_pic/c08pp5z ), 
  all i am saying is that smugness is n't the sole motivation . 
  i 'm not saying anything about it being a good idea or not . 
  imho the ethanol obviously was n't . 
  you are thinking backwards . 
  vestas needed a market and support to grow , so the danish government gave them some state aid and started talking about the environment , probably mostly motivated by a wish to decrease import of coal and being energy independent without using nuclear that the population hated . 
  sweden did similar things for asea ( now abb ) and were hoping to do it for ethanol although that did n't pan out . 
  norway wanted to do it for locally produced electric cars but teslas and leafs are better , but that 's ok . 
  they imported all cars before , and it was a long shot anyhow and the energy and pr effects remain anyhow . 
  the governments do n't create the ideas , the ideas come to them and they squeeze them into the most popular issue of the day . 
  you seem to only see smugness where there is also a lot of self interest . 
  scandinavian brands have gained much from the last decades of pro-scandinavian circlejerking . 
  and i do n't think it 's a coincidence that vestas is danish or abbs hvdc division being in sweden . 
  sweden has spent quite a bit of cash trying to make ethanol out of wood in an efficient way and doubled down hard on ethanol in the international debates when they thought it was going to succeed . 
  norway trying to maintain it 's status as a petro-state by decreasing local consumption of easy to export energy ( oil ) by increasing the local consumption of hard to export energy ( hydro electricity ) meanwhile increasing the export capacity of the harder to export energy too , is another example . 
  good ol' knifey necky poke, 
  they walk back if we move them =( afaik the attempts at transplantation of wolves from genetically more sound areas to scandinavia has mostly failed . 
  where are seagulls in general protected ? 
  restoration from the healthy swedish population you mean ? 
  the population of scandinavia is almost completely isolated . 
  it 's on the national news with cheering biologists every time a finish wolf reaches past the reindeer areas . 
  the population of scandinavia is almost completely separated from the one in russia/finland as the reindeer population is in between and their owners have a shoot first ask later free-card for wolves . 
  everything about languages is political . 
  we could merge all scandinavian languages in a generation or two by only changing the education slightly and having common tv-news . 
  i have assumed that calling your language serbo-croatian is a way to say that both groups have the same right to their language while at the same time saying that they have yet to move apart enough linguistically to merit calling them by two different names . 
  scandinavian seems to be as close as languages can be to each other without linguists refusing to accept that they are different languages . 
  i would think that swedish-norwegian is a closer comparison . 
  but i dont speak any south-slavic language so i dunno . 
  many norwegians do understand both danish and swedish but danish seems to be moving away rather quickly at the moment . 
  norway is not really a good example of whatever point you are trying to convey as most of the differences in dialects are inside norway while sweden is much more homogeneous ( in modern times , it was n't in the past ) so most of the scandinavian dialectal continuum is inside norway . 
  `` it 's not militarized !, 
  look it says securitas over there on that tank '', 
  if it contains how and why i would guess it 's very helpful during a political career in europe . 
  it 's probably hard to remember who to trust with all the backstabbing . 
  does the visegrad group and/or followers really want a different lane ? 
  you ca n't organize an eu army from the edge of the union , and that seems to be one of their goals . 
  i 'm talking about the [ tyndp ] ( http://tyndp.entsoe.eu/ ) reports from entso-e . 
  there are probably similar reports about other things than electricity grid development but probably not as good and/or thorough . 
  you are blaming eu for stuff that the institutions of the eu have little to nothing to do with . 
  the eu is funding infrastructure and other projects in both greece and portugal . 
  the parliament and the commission ca n't do much when the * national * ministers of the councils are in agreement . 
  when someone suggests bigger structural funds or other transferral systems it 's not the parliament or commission that shoots them down . 
  after reading biennial reports for a bunch of rotations you start to get a feel for what 's snide references to previous failed projects and what 's just bad english . 
  yeah man all that state aid we gave to help ericsson or nokia or any other of the european former big cellphone/computer/electronics manufacturers . 
  but apple is totally different . 
  we 're coming for you !, 
  that does n't always go smoothly as we can see in the krupp vs saab government sponsored hostile takeover of kockums . 
  the swedish government went in and seized all key technologies they had helped develop while saab started making offers to key personnel all defence contracts were reassigned to other wharfs or postponed . 
  the remaining parts of kockums were sold cheaply after a few months . 
  you are way to negative on the results of the `` 20-20-20 by 2020 '' goals . 
  most nations are on schedule to meet most goals and as you can see in [ this graph ] ( http://imgur.com/gwywnq5 ) the eu as a whole will reach the targets . 
  the 10 % interconnection by 2020 goal is also going ok almost all nations will reach it by 2020 and most stragglers will reach it before 2025 and be on course to reach the ( so far ) unofficial 15 % by 2030 goal . 
  i ca n't really comprehend what 's happening in the uk as they seem totally paralysed in the whole energy department . 
  as for germany a massive amount of nimbyism has forced them to abandon several projects that would have helped them achieve their goals and all they have left now is offshore wind and grid projects that wo n't be done in time . 
  sweden builds it 's average of .5 gw of wind power each year it has been slowly going down form over that to under it now , i think that will increase slightly as we build more interconnections with the continent . 
  i do n't think my 7th grade book in social sciences would do you much good ... ( i 'm not a lawyer ) the legal traditions of europe and the anglosphere are completely different , eu-laws apply above local laws , you ca n't have local laws that break laws of the level above it . 
  this is one of the main jobs of the commission and the eu-courts to see that no local laws or rulings break eu-law . 
  in sweden for example the eu laws are considered technically above the constitution as there are provisions in eu law that our constitution must follow but not the other way around . 
  my ( still not a lawyer ) understanding is that in ireland the constitution is more parallel to eu-law as they have to have popular votes on every treaty change . 
  it 's the irish who govern ireland as such the treaty signed and voted into law trumps the decisions of any government . 
  they signed the treaty including the parts about following the decisions of the commission , and not giving companies unfair advantages . 
  `` the word for risk is the same as the word for opportunity in \u00f6hh chinese or something . '', 
  eu-law is irish law . 
  the deal between ireland and apple was illegal by irish law when they signed it there is nothing retroactive about this . 
  ** there is no loophole being filled . 
  ** that is all there is to it . 
  if you want to change your laws and enforce them retroactively to punish the eu do so ( but there are more us corporations than eu corporations in the usa so i do n't see how that would work ) . 
  that is however not in any way the same as enforcing a law that 's many decades old and that has been enforced one way or another continuously during the period . 
  the exception is for fully electric cars not just teslas . 
  and is that in denmark too ? 
  i thought it was only in norway ? 
  lkab and surrounding mining and robotics research is probably a part of it at least . 
  the military industrial complex has to go first anyway if you want a smooth implementation of a fully armed european army . 
  that said there is no reason not to start with lighter and/or more specialized units before that . 
  you mean that the factor for going from ` did n't even flinch ' to ` all out trade war ' would be less that three ? 
  are all us foreign relations wound that tight ? 
  [ in all , with two previous fines , the case has cost microsoft a total of $ 1.64 bn . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2012/jun/27/microsoft-loses-eu-antitrust-fine-appeal ) not that different .
