  - there is someone who brainwash our children , ` said the father . 
  expressen 's reporter also spoke with one of his sons , a brother of mohamed who previously fought in syria but come back . 
  why did he and so many others in vivalla join the is ? 
  he was reluctant to answer . 
  he said he did not trust the media because journalists do not `` add up what you said it . '', 
  the message will not arrive `` one hundred percent '' . 
  - why is it so difficult for you to get hold of the boys , said mohamed qadars brother expressen . 
  on instagram , it was easier to communicate . 
  no filter . 
  no journalist who interpreted . 
  only one 's own pictures and words that you yourself chose . 
  in 2014 posts mohamed qadar several idol portraits of olof palme , including a picture of the now murdered the prime minister in a lectern , with the social democrats red rose in hand . 
  `` palme 's sweden is gone , '' writes mohamed later in anger when he was arrested by the police and forced to provide urine samples for drugs . 
  the photo to the text shows a female police officer in reflective vest with disapproval . 
  another of mohamed instagrambilder shows an empty pill map of the narcotic pain tablet tramadol is on the wet asphalt in vivalla . 
  the text in english about the peace that comes with a opiatrus : `` thoughts operation like ocean weeds and vanish in the distance . 
  you need sadly that when you live in an area with 60 % unemployment and everythingthat comes with it , compared to the national average of 8 % . '', 
  in autumn 2014 , he posts an is flag and open tributes to the `` islamic state '' . 
  in january 2015 , he writes about a meeting in iraq , when his brother and another swedish had met a third swedish somali jihadist , abu bilal . 
  it was strange to hear the swedish language spoken among all the is-warriors : '' ` welcome ' , abu bilal said in a language as misplaced as a lamb would be amongst a herd of wolves , ` the islamic state . ', 
  ' the year before he travels publishes mohamed qadar more and more condition quotes and pictures from orebro mosque . 
  he writes appreciatively about a group of young muslim men who , according to him `` put a stop to the left party representatives '' when they wanted to enter the mosque : `` we 're not letting you pass . 
  we worship god here . '', 
  the almost 30-year-old is sympathizer expresses understanding of young people 's apathy and contempt . 
  politicians treat young vivalla guys `` who horbarn they got outside of marriage , '' he writes , recalling poverty , hopelessness and unemployment . 
  vivalla , writes mohamed qadar , the `` third world first '' . 
  inside vivalla mall has local police fredrik malm his office . 
  he is a spirited , sporty aura and open look . 
  a short cut policeman in his forties who talks about that he likes to bike to work and be stopped by vivallabor who know him and want to talk . 
  - growing up as a youth in vivalla means that clearer than elsewhere must take a position for or against crime . 
  for or against drugs . 
  for this , you will come in contact with . 
  it will be available as an alternative career path . 
  one way to earn money . 
  children 's drawings on the wall , files on the shelves . 
  fredrik malm has had its office in vivalla seven years . 
  as police here have to cope with being `` verbally undressed , '' he says . 
  - many young people trying to get you out of balance by testing some limits . 
  do you get scared if we say that we know where you live ? 
  but i have always been `` yes , welcome home , but came when i 'm awake so we can talk . '', 
  young people in vivalla want confirmation . 
  they pepper their community policing issues . 
  are you working only here that you get money for it ? 
  you say you care , but to show it . 
  fredrik malm tries to gain confidence through `` to go a little beyond the scope of what is the police . '', 
  like reading stories to children at the library . 
  - as well liked certain `` not to be police sit and read fairy tales . '', 
  but then you have saved the five year old cars . 
  they will remember it still . 
  and now they are 7-8 years . 
  and then you have that relationship . 
  he remembers what the county police chief said as he began : local police are in vivalla should `` make sure it does not grow new bank robbers here . '', 
  - he could well not in his wildest dreams could imagine that we would work on preventing terrorism , says fredrik malm with a wry smile . 
  but as it is now , he says . 
  - until late 2013 , early 2014 , i did think that this was the responsibility of the security service . 
  but in the fall there and in the beginning it was a local problem , because the parents were getting worried . 
  when the parents of jihadists first began to hear from fredrik malm to ask for help as he was set . 
  `` what can you do from the police ? '', 
  asked the parents . 
  - i replied that `` we can not do anything . '', 
  it was a mistake to put it that way . 
  they felt that the police do nothing . 
  it was in 2013 , when the first travelers went from vivalla to syria . 
  a bunch of guys at age 25 , says fredrik malm . 
  he did not see how one could stop syria trips , legally speaking . 
  - if someone chooses to go abroad , so they choose it . 
  can we prove that they are going to war - then maybe you could find anything in there . 
  but to prove it when someone just pulls away to turkey ... then it was difficult . 
  plus , often got these calls from parents not before . 
  they came of course when they had already left . 
  more and more vivallabor became jihadists . 
  and they were younger . 
  in 2015 started the first girls to go to syria , says fredrik malm . 
  - it was a trend that went over both sweden and europe . 
  the guys who have been recruited and there and warrior 've been promised anything . 
  maybe the money , but also women . 
  and the women were not there . 
  so then you had to refill . 
  as a girl here is often much more tightly held than guys are . 
  in this kind of neighborhood you notice it at night . 
  there are not many girls out there . 
  fredrik malm , police the women who first arrived from europe to syria was a talented recruiter for other girls and women , according to fredrik malm . 
  they chatted with teens in vivalla and elsewhere , attracted by an exciting life . 
  - as a girl here is often much more tightly held than guys are . 
  in this kind of neighborhood you notice it at night . 
  there are not many girls out there . 
  as for sports activities is always guys . 
  many of the girls live here after their lives online . 
  and , perhaps its greatest freedom there . 
  especially if you grow up in a credit context . 
  fredrik malm know five girls from vivalla as skiing or tried to go to jihadistmilj\u00f6er in syria . 
  he describes them as tightly maintained young women trying to find their identity and who wants to stand on its own . 
  - we 're talking about girls who are becoming adults and may not have the opportunity to vent their thoughts . 
  man tries to find himself . 
  the youngest of which i know has been 15 years . 
  he tells how the is recruiters online chats with girls and `` groomar '' them to be receptive to the terrorist group 's extreme ideas . 
  - in conversation it is sometimes about religion , about having the right faith and such stuff . 
  in the end , says this person `` do your parents like this ? '', 
  and the answer may be no , they do not . 
  no , but then they 're not the true faith .
