  or actually electric cars are more efficient than ices so that 's a free win in efficiency . 
  and just as wars of old no one will recognize your right to control a territory just because you manage to wrestle it from its previous owners . 
  it took sweden three wars to conquer scania and get denmark to release all claims to it . 
  i just do n't see many good working historical paths out of a strong dictatorship . 
  empowering the masses just seems to result in some sort of revolution and they seem to mostly be a big gamble and a lot of dead people . 
  they did n't seem to learn shit , and if russia saw it as a credible threat they would n't be allowed to go . 
  and btw what do you want the poor to do with their enlightenment ? 
  [ authorize the united nations to facilitate a political process to determine kosovo 's future status . 
  kosovo 's future status would take into consideration the rambouillet agreement which serbia refused to sign in 1998 , and which calls for the `` will of the people of kosovo '' to be one of the guiding principles in defining kosovo 's status , another being the respective compliance of the disputing parties to the agreement . 
  the resolution reaffirms calls for `` substantial autonomy and meaningful self-administration for kosovo '' . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1244#summary ), 
   people will be able to see european life for themselves the rich will , just as they did and they wont have any questions as they know where their money comes from . 
  i resent the equality sign between a process that took a decade and did n't result in an annexation with one that took six months and did . 
  these situations are comparable but that comparison does not make russia look better , and thus not norway either . 
   but it 's basically fait accompli now . 
  i could say the same about permanent sanctions against russia . 
  there is a slight difference between getting invaded by foreign troops and ` declaring independence ' with armed forces present and then being annexed by the nation those troops came from all within six months . 
  or having an un intervention to stop widespread violence , start negotiations on the question of independence , negotiate for a decade and fail and then when all other routes are exhausted declare independence and remain an independent nation . 
  it 's not like albania invaded kosovo occupied it and declared it an independent state who then conveniently want to join albania a month later . 
  it 's probably the closest thing to a common foreign political move that the eu could create a consensus on . 
  it 's territory that israel occupies inside other countries ? 
  that polisario want to include people living in refugee camps in algeria and how that would work is also a source of friction . 
  if i remember correctly . 
  i do n't think fbi would be a good selling point to the european populace as the image of fbi here is more mib and mobster shoot outs rather than getting kingpins thrown in jail sort of deal . 
  i have seen eu fbi being used as something negative a few times . 
  but other than that i think that something like this would work as a populist party that could draw voters from both the right and the left . 
  a platform of `` corruption is bad m ` kay '' is something that 's very sellable to the electorate . 
  olaf is only for things that apply directly to the eu ( funded projects and institutions and such ) . 
  i want them to investigate corruption in anti-corruption agencies in all member nations , and major paneuropean organisations and thirdly lend support if a national organization requests it . 
  so you want citizens to read up more ? 
  the eu is generally way more transparent than the average member state . 
  [ here ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/info/index_en ) is the site of the commission . 
  there is a somewhat interesting pdf about what they think we should do to help the european steel industry withstand chinese price dumping in there somewhere . 
  what do you want to change ? 
  i can start : i want a eu wide prosecutors office for corruption , and a stronger audit service . 
  they go to germany instead afaik . 
  seems more likely the internal political win for the prosecutor of being in international news all the time is going below the loss of the discussions of whether this really is common practice and what the associated costs of this is . 
  you are old !, 
  yanks , it 's yanks . 
  you are all yanks . 
  and before you ask , it applies especially to southerners . 
  it sort of does . 
  then the eu should just make that illegal as it 's restricts the market ... 
  are n't we doing all of those ? 
  the issue with ` a ' is that it will meet the russian turk-stream in turkey so we will get mostly russian gas anyhow . 
  i thought ` b ' was n't able to supply an amount that helps in the short run but building it would start infrastructure investment in a direction that is n't russia so it 's good anyhow . 
  and ` c ' is still pretty early in the project but the parallel powerline seems to be going ahead so i think it 's going to happen . 
  we are also reinforcing the gas infrastructure along the eastern boarder to be able to supply eastern eu and ukraine if some delivery points are cut but not all . 
  we are also building gas-ports so we are able to import liquid gas from qatar and other places . 
  is n't the gasmarket in germany open ? 
  what stops polish companies from just buying the gas from germany if it 's cheaper there ? 
  i have never really heard of any issue with ns2 that was n't solvable with a working european market . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_emission_trading_scheme ) is the mentioned ` market ' , it never worked partly because it was politically sabotaged . 
  there are efforts to save it but there seems to be as much effort to undermine it . 
  would greece accept czecho-macedonia as a nato and/or eu member ? 
  the mandatory military service was returned this year . 
  this time including women . 
  ~ 4000 will serve every year . 
  i find the [ ebu broadcasting area ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/03/european_broadcasting_area.png ) to be the only sane definition . 
  we are the eu . 
  lower your trade barriers and surrender your markets . 
  we will add your national and political distinctiveness to our own . 
  your culture will adapt to service us . 
  * in varietate concordia * . 
   smartcard is not required from : ...  passengers who contributed to clean-up operations at the chernobyl nuclear power plant , wut ? 
  also how does it work for those who are not required to have a card ? 
  how many can accompany one child below three years old ? 
  [ if you build a sphere with a diameter of ~ 1km it floats like a hot air balloon with just a degree or two higher temperature inside than ambient . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cloud_nine_ ( tensegrity_sphere \\ ) ), 
  talk to the netherlands i think they could help you . 
  how would you ever get a work visa without giving someone your personal information ? 
  then sue the living shit out of the german grid for obstruction of the market and heat yourselves by burning the pallets of euros . 
  it 's also worth noting that russia has to fill the turkeystream too , if they do n't azerbajan will as the pipelines converge inside turkey . 
  you vision is also built upon the idea that russia is able to go without the income for longer than europes gas storage lasts . 
  with a common and integrated market for gas it makes no difference if russia cuts one line or another as long as they deliver enough gas in total . 
  if russia ( or rather probably when ) cuts of supply to eastern europe and only provides gas via nordstream and turkey . 
  the plan is to supply eastern europe ( including ukraine ) through reverse flow of existing pipelines . 
  at this time it 's not enough to cover all of the loss but we will get trough the winter with the storage that exists . 
  you can read more about it on the entso-g website . 
  comparing some random douche on the internet with an actual publication is a bit disingenuous . 
  papers should have a much higher level of responsibility to be impartial than average citizens . 
  the v\u00e4nn\u00e4s of sweden . 
  it has more of a ten year old kinnarps feel to me . 
  from '77 to '99 an english speaking nation won eight times . 
  that 's from the recreation of the rule to it 's abolishment . 
  form 90 to 99 five winners were british or irish . 
  i for one do n't want to go back to that shit , it was horrible . 
   wdms weapons of dance music ? 
  no not really ... 
  i miss a saner russia , who the fuck supports two sides in a civil war and ` allegedly ' influences them into not accepting negotiations with each other ? 
  it 's mostly that there is no-one to agree with in tobruk or tripoli that matters . 
  libya is still in a civil war , and mostly external interests are actively keeping it that way . 
  despite there being wide agreement on which side to back and how negotiations should work . 
  they make shorts out of leather and are scared of power lines , the weirdness of germans is well documented even without the nazis . 
  nah it was like 8 years later when he was a part of stopping what [ should have been the event ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_peasants%27_war ) that the french revolution became that he fucked up . 
  depends on how you see bigotry in relation to ` being stopped by being gay ' . 
  differentiating between them is not stoking irish nationalism enough any more . 
  pretty sure that it 's one step before that and since then the loss to inbreeding has been 30/64ths or so . 
  if you ask for it systembolaget will get you most things you ask for . 
  but you might have to buy a full box of bottles depending on if they believe they will be able to sell it .
