  my point is that if that is the big nordic defence cooperation then it 's of to a really shitty start . 
  and your comment drives home my point , considering that you ( and norwegian media ) seems to see no fault in this not working on your side of the table . 
  the finish and swedish amphibian forces train together a lot . 
  and there is talk of exchanging officers for a deeper cooperation . 
  they recently made it possible for their forces to use the other nations harbours without governmental permission , i think . 
  is n't this mostly dead ? 
  all common purchase agreements died at least ? 
  norway did n't want archer , gripen or to buy the same trucks as sweden . 
  what is left ? 
  morocco are members of entso-e and the synchronized european grid . 
  so i guess they sent in a form applying for funding and their application was one of the better ones on the table at the time . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/europeaid/node/102940_fr ) is the article from the comission on why . 
  [ here ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/europeaid/node/102938_fr ) is the almost identical one about the funding of stage 2 in the same complex and finally [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/neighbourhood/neighbourhood-wide/neighbourhood-investment-facility/index_en.htm ) is an explanation on how and why we fund the well behaved neighbours of the eu addendum : it might be worth noticing that the noor project started as a kind of test site for the ( now defunct ) desertec project . 
  so there is another reason for the eu to take some responsibility for this specific project . 
  russia throwing money quite litterally in the sea is not a big concern to me . 
  how would stopping russia from building a new pipeline stop them from trying to fuck with everyone ? 
  all europe can do is view them as an unreliable supplier and build our infrastructure in a way that minimizes our reliance on them . 
  and if the fines are n't a big enough deterrent just negotiate bigger fines next time , if they are high enough you can buy lng for the money . 
  seems unlikely the transfer trough existing pipelines would cost that much . 
  and a quick look at the german gas-grid and markets makes me think that it 's not a monopoly . 
  so i see no reason to why they would take out that much . 
  the gas infrastructure in europe is quite extensive the pipeline trough ukraine is not necessary for transferring gas to the rest of europe . 
  especially if you include the storage to smooth the consumption spikes in winter . 
  so russia could choose to not send any gas trough the pipes in ukraine to try to create congestion and deficit in ukraine . 
  but i 'm unsure if that would work . 
  googling ` the guy who owns british media ' leads to this [ wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rupert_murdoch ), 
  what if all british instances has said that they need the approval of the parliament but the ecj say they do n't and the government activates article 50 without parliamentary support . 
  but that 's one of the rarer whether phenomena in the nordics . 
  and as it is now finland has a electricity deficit at most times . 
  having generation that fills some of that deficit does not harm at the time when it does n't . 
  plenty well considering the north of sweden have a lot of them and it 's the same climate . 
  that makes more sense than the ` some one is having a stroke , is it me ? ', 
  scenario i was considering . 
  except that is n't true . 
  [ wind passed coal a bunch of years ago ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electricity_sector_in_denmark#gross_electricity_consumption_.26_production_in_gwh_with_renewables_share ), 
  and how is any of the storage capacity or market access of those hydro facilities changed by letting the electricity price in austria and germany diverge ? 
  yeah . 
  or well if you consider the reservoir that the turbine stands on an integral part of the turbine it 's true . 
  100 anglo decimeters should be about 40 meters . 
   and the split actually is not a kick up the backside , au contraire - it takes away pressure to invest in the grid how ? 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  splitting a price zone into two does not disconnect them from each other . 
  it lets the price diverge creating more incitement to improve the infrastructure between them . 
  if the internal barriers of the german price zone is a hinder for a more integrated european market ( which it is ) it should be split . 
  a split would however be most effective if the line cut trough the congested areas , not necessarily at the same place as the geographical borders . 
  the water is not in the top of the tower . 
  it is in a 40m high reservoir at the bottom . 
  narwi linked [ this image ] ( http://green.streetsofeurope.de/wp-content/uploads/querschnitt-wea-wasserspeicher.png ) in the / r/energy thread . 
  nordstream when we stop using the gas . 
  you should really look up how the electricity markets work , it 's quite interesting . 
  the point i 'm trying to convey here is two fold : if we create a working market for gas in the eu it will self stabilize . 
  if anyone is offering gas at a cheap price at one point and an expensive price at another the cheaper will get to be sold and then all other actors on the market who are priced in between will get to sell before the expensive one . 
  so if russia tries to sell at a cheap price in germany and expensive in poland , russia will get to sell the cheap gas in germany and some of that gas will be sold to poland the back way . 
  now if the price that russia is offering in poland is over the market price for lng all storage facilities will sell their capacity before russia gets to sell any of their poland gas as they can import gas cheaper and the import capacity in western europe seems quite big . 
  the kicker is that any other situation creates price differences and if you tax transfers between areas with price differences you get a cash flow that you can earmark for removing those differences ( build more pipes ( or lng terminals ) ) . 
  my second and more important point is that this scheme is sellable and defacto eu already bought it . 
  what i described is the end-point of the gas part of the energy union . 
  eu as an institution and western europe as a collective will never buy the idea that the solution to a broken highly regulated market is more politics . 
  if poland want to solve this problem they have to sell an idea that the eu can buy and buy wholesale . 
  market deregulation is an idea eu loves , gigantic centralised governmental trade monopolies is not . 
  sorry for the wall of text . 
  i started and now i 'm here = / . 
  oh well time for fika . 
  but that 's the point . 
  we should n't force russia to do anything . 
  if we just force fair trading within the union and invest in infrastructure based on demand , russia will be forced by ` the invisible hand of capitalism ' and ours will remain clean . 
  if russia wants to sell more expensive gas to poland than to germany that 's ok but the market wo n't buy anything trough the russia-poland pipe for a higher price than the russia-germany pipe ( + regulated transfer fees ) . 
  the gasmarket should be deregulated into something comparable to the electricity market . 
  with transfer fees lowered to the actual maintenance cost , and a day ( or month ) ahead market deciding the directions and magnitude of flows , russia would be unable to fuck with individual nations . 
  which part of the eu is it that lacks democratic oversight ? 
  the parliament is elected , the council of ministers is the representation of the elected governments of the members , and the commission is elected based on the populations vote in the parliamentary elections ( same way most european nations elect their governments ) . 
  but how did you put any effort in to find these answers ? 
  the links / u/seefor posted is the first result if you just post your questions into google . 
  it 's sad and shitty that you ca n't trust your media to help you digest information any more , but was that a new revelation to you ? 
  what happens if scotland leaves the uk , stays in the european union and 10 year from now the shetlands want to join norway ? 
  that was implied as it was compared to the loss of jobs in the bank sector . 
  i do n't see you winning the race to the bottom against nations like turkey . 
  and i frankly do n't see you out teching the germanics . 
  but ok . 
  scandinavians usually talk about nordics not scandinavia . 
  finland is included in nordics but not in scandinavia but it gets confused since the locals use the terms interchangeably . 
  what effect will lead to more manufacturing jobs if i may ask ? 
  there is n't much to win for the eu in taking over frances place . 
  but then again it 's much more likely now then it was before brexit . 
  roof insulation is one of the easiest things to retrofit and [ typically repays itself in less than two years ] ( https://www.uswitch.com/insulation/guides/how-to-insulate-a-loft/ ) [ in average shitty british houses 10 % of heating costs can be saved by reducing draught ] ( https://www.uswitch.com/insulation/guides/draught-proofing/ ) i have no clue about the situation in poland but everything i have seen or heard from britain tells me that there are droves of low hanging fruit to pick in the home energy saving area in that country . 
  my experience with insulation is that changing a window or insulating an attic is a fun one or two weekends project and everything else is a real chore . 
  more insulation payes of for the consumer pretty quickly if you do it yourself . 
  it 's not like we are talking about passivhaus levels here . 
  we are talking about changing draughty shit-windows for good ones and maybe actually having some rock wool in the roof and walls . 
  you could start insulating your houses you know ... is triple glazing still considered some kind of luxury in gb ? 
  entso-e is one example . 
  i think the uk is some sort of member of nordpool also . 
  there is probably similar organisations for natgas and pipelines . 
  there are tonnes of weird eu and eu-ish organisations that are open for non-eu members . 
  that 's my guess from only watching that specific part of the video at least . 
  it was a joke about grammar . 
  / u/heathenbear s comment can be interpreted like ( s ) he only supports the protests if the women who protests if they have been ( or are being ) raped or if there is a risk to their mothers life . 
  you would get very few strikers if they had to fulfil that criterion to strike . 
  if i remember correctly the one in the museum here ( link\u00f6ping ) is from a paper mill ( or was it steel ? ), 
  in finland ( or maybe one of the baltics ) .
