  probably four different pipes that needed fixing , that 's usually what happens here = /, 
  does n't that say more about your expectations than the actual quality ? 
  yes they were winning against the crappy part of the axis so the stronger part of the axis had to intervene . 
  it 's not like the invasion and suppression of greece was a german war goal . 
  but you are right the germans should have surrendered at that point and said no it 's morally wrong to kill greeks !, 
  poles , frenchies , meh who cares but * greeks * no that 's where we draw the line . 
  what part of that happened to people who are mostly not alive today and was done by people who are mostly not alive today do you not understand ? 
   i hate that one coherent groups ideology of dividing the world into opposing groups . 
  but they do n't seem to blame the ones who broke their neutrality . 
  if italy had n't invaded grecce would have just sat on the sidelines for most of the war . 
  and that is actually besides the point as the point is why are people below 60 blaming people below 60 fore shit that group as parents/grandparents did to group bs . 
  yeah fucking germans totally forcing italy to invade greece . 
  they were so pleased with the way that pushed greece to the allied side in the war . 
  germany is definitely also to blame for the retarded british anti communist campaign , that does make sense . 
  dae all not nice things that involves germany makes all living germans literal nazis . 
  man they beat us to it =(, 
  - the host has not yet noticed the ongoing assimilation progress . 
  - nordpool integration program is soon complete . 
  - preparing fagification ray for next step . 
  and soon enough it will be . 
  we could let them cut their defence budget . 
   sweden would also be a poorhouse if they relied on natural resources exclusively . 
  they do have natural resources , exceptionally well-suited for tourism . 
  it 's a service industry just like switzerland 's banking . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  tourism in sweden became a thing some time after the cold war . 
  steel , wood , and fur built sweden from the viking age to the modern welfare-state . 
  [ swedish exports ] ( http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/export/swe/all/show/2013/ ) if you look at norway they were really poor before they found their oil . 
  with the extra money that their oil gave them they can probably ensure that they wo n't go in to a slump later when the oil runs out . 
  but without it their situation would at best be on par with ireland or iceland . 
  spains connections to france are maxed out at the moment and there is a 2 or something like that difference in solar noon between them . 
  because they have no significant industry nor unique natural resources . 
  with that said ofc we could make greece anything we ( / they ) want with enough money . 
  and maybe we should . 
  a european solar petrolstate would be funny and useful . 
  cold and inhospitable home of some of the bigger steel and wood industries in the world . 
  thank you very much . 
  we just want karelia returned and a free ingrian state . 
  unions can be solved later . 
  how can you get a fan-club if you do n't inform the public about the status of you mouse issues ? 
  well [ synesthesia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/synesthesia ) is n't that uncommon actually . 
  wanting to institute use now does still not mean that you want it at any price . 
  there is a lot of wiggle room between the current policy where more integration only happens in areas where the public wo n't notice and a policy where we force trough use with as few referendums as possible . 
  thinking something should be done does n't mean that you want to force it . 
  [ not really ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  if you * need * one or two of your children to survive you have to have a safety margin . 
  [ nuland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuland ) ? 
  no but it is n't the map that op claimed it to be and if it were it would be different . 
  what is your point ? 
  i do n't really see how that could be the case since you are balancing your grid with imported power from sweden . 
  if you import energy at all times how could an intermittent source hurt you in any way ? 
  just import less ... 
  profit making companies are building wind farms in huge projects spanning years in the location where their studies says it 's best because our less than a year old government is retarded ? 
  i was talking about our lappland not your half . 
  it 's a map of a * simulation * of the amount of wind at 10 to 80 meters if i read the study correctly . 
  if someone builds where your simulation says it should be shit to build then you should see it as a hint that your simulation was n't perfect . 
  there are loads of new wind power being built in lapland so the wind map is probably inaccurate in some way there . 
  we get different things . 
  sure we pay more than we get but the improved trade relations with the rest of europe ( especially germany ) is important . 
  and above that it 's because of the eu that we in scandinavia have had the possibility to influence fishing and environmental policies of the rest of the states around the baltic . 
  the integration of the baltics into the nordics is also a major win for us , we would not have been able to get them toward our sphere alone . 
  what is the source of this ? 
  is n't it sardinia that has been building lots of wind ? 
  what are the blue blobs in the czech republic ? 
  if it 's produced in china it 's not lego . 
  what do you think that the a in jas stands for ? 
  large parts of scandinavia ? 
  i would guess that there are places in spain also maybe ? 
  but many of those barriers are there for trading services also , i do n't think that stops it from being considered a common market . 
  it 's not an energy union yet . 
  because there are fewer than 28 energy markets and someone who talks about this from a lithuanian perspective should be aware of that . 
  the system uses marginal pricing so when finland has to start using peak-power the price quickly doubles . 
  they hit the import roof . 
  the cables ca n't handle more import between se3 and fi , and fi has internal hidden issues that hinders them from utilising available power from se1, 
  finland pays about double price of sweden during the midday peak every day . 
  they drag estonia with them , both up and down . 
  finland 's grid is shit and they refuse to split their country in different price zones like sane people . 
  is n't it kinda weird to be talking about 28 energy markets in eu while in lithuania , who are in the process of joining [ nord-pool ] ( http://www.nordpoolspot.com/about-us/ ) the already existing common energy market for the nordiccountries ? 
  ( [ map of current power flow and pricing ] ( http://www.statnett.no/en/market-and-operations/data-from-the-power-system/nordic-power-flow/ ) ), 
  i 'm not saying that you do n't have a point . 
  especially vis a vis the german part of the internet . 
  i have several times run in to the problem of finding a solution to some kind of electro mechanical problem or discussion about a product in german technobabel that google translate ca n't help me with . 
  that said i think that the vorsprung durch technik philosophy of the german-speaking industrial world would n't translate very well to english or romance languages . 
  the cultural differences between regions are very important for technological progress and i believe that language is an important factor in that . 
  i see cultural difference as an important source of technological innovations . 
  difference of language foster difference of thoughts and ideas and thus approaches to the same problems/possibilities . 
  do n't really see how the exact wording of the quote changes it 's importance in a discussion about the political nature of language . 
  especially as he never actually said those exact words , the quote is a motto derived from what he said . 
  i 'm to lazy to find his original quote . 
   cultural , political and social cultural : not all languages are the same and some things are much harder to express in some than in others . 
  grammatical processes like verbing that are easy in some languages but harder in others slightly affects the whole culture and the views of its people . 
  political : that one is easy as according to some nations all who speak their language belong to their ethnic group and as such is in need of their protection . 
  there is a saying in finland on this topic ` they wo n't let us be swedish , we do n't want to be russian , so lets just be finish . ', 
  there was a [ big movement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnicization ) where parts of the upper and middle strata of finnish society changed their names and language to become more finnish . 
  edit : i misremembered the exact wording of the fennoman credo . 
  they are going to attack dissidents with radar planes and single use anti-tank missiles ? 
  if you are going to complain about swedish defence industry at least complain about an upsetting case like the sale of artillery systems to india and pakistan or grenade launchers to the us . 
  we have mostly sold weapons that are hard to use against your population , if that is any conciliation . 
  we should at least not let them build the rockets themselves . 
  [ the german experience ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mittelbau-dora ) tells us that the product quality would fall .
