  for a while they added 1.5 million $ per day to the fine because of microsofts delaying . 
  edit : it seems they were fined another 500 million $ after that because they stopped complying with the deal . 
  [ bhopal comes to mind ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bhopal_disaster ), 
  i do n't remember but how big was the us reaction when the eu sued microsoft ? 
  this is n't the first time something like this has happened , there is no real reason to think this time would be different than the last one . 
  it 's not post facto as the rule is older than the deal and ireland was a member of the union when the deal was signed . 
  the deal was never valid , they should have known this and incompetence is not a valid defence . 
  how did you get the idea that this would be outside of the jurisdiction of the commission ? 
  it 's what they do ... 
   how many of your office stuff are imported ? 
  you have office stuff that 's not a computer or paper ? 
   veeery neo-liberal outfit i kind of agree but it 's not neo-liberal in the standard sense . 
  the whole : ` lets state sponsor a whole sector of the economy to improve infrastructure , to create a new pan-european market that furthers our common political goals ! ', 
  is a world view that at least feels a bit un-liberal . 
  maybe it should be called neu-liberalism . 
  are there other nationalities that are innumerable in swedish ... 
  there is none that come to me right now at least . 
  if it makes you feel better it 's quite common to call people from the us yanks . 
  i think sweden has somewhat stricter rules . 
  [ well you asked ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noko_jeans ) the answer was obviously public opinion btw . 
  nah , adding something about improving market integration and energy independence that 's where it 's at . 
  you have to imply the fucking of russia not actually say it . 
  no one in the thread of nordic cross flags mentioned the [ glorious flag of \u00d6sterg\u00f6tland ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%96sterg%c3%b6tlands_flagga#/media/file:flag_of_ostergotland.svg ) it 's also being repressed by the horrible fascist mods of / r/sweden =(, 
  i 'm a bit unclear on how the whole skirt measuring works , are the girls allowed to wear pants if they want ? 
  because otherwise i really do n't see how equality can be an argument for enforcing mandatory showing of skin in a uniform . 
   for instance , production of aircraft is shared between almost a dozen european countries . 
  we have four in use brands of fighters within the eu ( saab , dasault , eurofighter gmbh and panavia ( but maybe there wo n't be a typhoon 2 ) ) . 
  equally so we have two producers of mbts ( after nexter and krauss-maffei wegmann merged ) and a literal shit load of producers of ifvs/light tanks/stuff with tracks . 
  sure over the years it seems to be percolating together through weird mergers and cooperation projects but there is a good while left until we have a unified eu military industrial complex . 
  you can just look at the hostile takeover of kockums by saab from thyssen-krupp to see the cracks . 
  you could have a article five equivalent where a member state can request the immediate help of the eu army in emergencies . 
  and there is no reason for that help to be limited to military as it could also be a disaster relief force . 
  eu could ( should ) easily own a couple of planes to put out fires and stuff like that . 
  you do n't buy land in peace treaties . 
  the alaska purchase was n't a peace treaty afaik . 
  is it the ingrian people or the karelian you are denying the existence of ? 
  both were certainly more finish/estonian than slavic . 
  and both were there way before either of our nations formed . 
  finland stole it as much as you stole it from sweden as much as sweden stole it from novgorod/russia . 
  if you 're fine with that so be it , but do n't claim it 's anything other than ` might makes right ' . 
  so st.petersburg should be estonian or independent ? 
   ingria was ceded to sweden by russia together with the county of kexholm by the treaty of stolbovo in 1617 . 
  what does your gardener have to do with this ? 
  put him in the same cell as breivik and make the slow-tv version of the odd couple . 
  the annual `` spring is here so svt has to report the flooding of the same basements again '' report is damaging my sanity =(, 
  is n't most of the towns around v\u00e4nern flooded regularly ? 
  like every year ? 
  the energy union is not only about fossil fuels . 
  the integration of electricity grids of europe to create one working self financing market is policy . 
  all eu members are supposed to reach a level of interconnection of 10 % of their peak production by 2020 ( everyone except the brits will reach this by 2025 ) . 
  the eu is financing the construction of an actually working grid in the baltic states , improved interconnection of the balkans , connection of iberia to the rest of the continent and an intercontinental cable between greece and israel ( via crete and cyprus ) . 
  [ you can read more about this here ] ( http://tyndp.entsoe.eu/ ) throwing in a couple of pipelines to appease v4 is quite cheap in the bigger scheme of things . 
  but changing the way we trade gas with russia without creating a free market is something i do n't think will happen . 
  as far as anything ever just pass in the eu it did . 
  why would they be against it ? 
  it 's one of those most eu of eu projects . 
  interconnection moves the problem of intermittance further of into the future and as a species we tend to not solve problems until we absolutely have to . 
  the current goal of the eu and thusly entso-e is 10 % interconnection for all grids by 2020 , almost all will reach this goal . 
  the rest will reach it before 2025 ( even cyprus as it looks right now ) . 
  i think the goal for 2030 was 20 % but it might have been 15 %, 
  why stop at eu , is n't it patronizing to the inhabitants of the glorious an sovereign city of london that it needs some kind of ` super city ' to make sure that the lord honourable mayor does n't neglect certain areas ... 
   it would just keep going and the biggest obstacle would be bollards on the street . 
  bollards are quite effective at stopping vehicles , it 's kinda their purpose . 
  in a big ac system you remove air from the building and pump new air in , you usually heat ( or chill ) the ingoing air with the outgoing . 
  in a building with a lot of people you get much more heat form he people inside than what 's needed to heat the incoming air . 
  you can take that extra heat and heat water with it and then pump that water to another building to heat it . 
  shh ... do n't tell them !, 
  is just their traditional war chant . 
  it 's just a ruse !, 
   than maybe they do n't do it to you . 
  but where is the fun in that ? 
  i do n't actually have a list of ` words that germans have come to associate with nazism and genocide ' but i guess that you think that ` germanization of poles ' always means ` gas them all in camps ' and ca n't in no way be meant to mean ` slowly turns more german as their culture changes to adapt to the current situation ' . 
  and threatening to invade a smaller country because you got your feelings hurt by a joke about tourists is an appropriate response ? 
  germany is not the only nation that is exposed to tired memes . 
  it was a tired meme response to a even more tired meme . 
  i for one find the constant bantz of this sub entertaining as such i contribute to it . 
  ahh the subtle humour of germans . 
  it would be a shame if you lost pommern again . 
  the situation in syria is in no small part caused by the climate . 
   this coincided with the most intense drought ever recorded in syria which lasted from 2007 to 2010 and that resulted in a widespread crop failure , increase in food prices and a mass migration of farming families to urban centers . 
  -- wiki so it has already begun . 
  so adding germanization of poland to the list then . 
  have they started digging holes yet ? 
  biggest not tallest . 
  swedish police are very courteous and fair . 
  that does n't change that they wo n't stop trying to arrest you just because you resist . 
  the people who get hurt by swedish cops are generally ( not in any way always ) either demonstrators or drunk . 
  [ glace au four ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glace_au_four ) is nice . 
   my heart , it hurts . 
  you really should stop deep frying your marsbars then . 
  resisted probably . 
  if i can without filing any papers do the following : go to italy to do two weeks of consulting on a machine purchased from switzerland , produced in sweden and sold to japan ( final testing in hiroshima , end customer was in norway ) . 
  i would call that pretty complete . 
  there was maybe a months notice . 
  i really should tell my local pizza guy about the sausages in the crust thing . 
  it would make one awesome xmas pizza . 
  prinskorv in the crust and sliced meatballs on top with r\u00f6dbetssallad on the side ... 
  i assume you have seen a [ kebabpizza ] ( http://cdn3.cdnme.se/409429/7-3/pizza_extra_allt_5374a17c2a6b225112338b1c.jpg ) ? 
  if you by top down mean from the municipalities and down through the schoolboards . 
  then yeah .
