  [ rohs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/restriction_of_hazardous_substances_directive ) ? 
  people tend to remember the shitshows the discussions on cucumber curvature and other shit . 
  they seem to forget the common planing needed to build the infrastructure that made the free trade work or that there are areas where we still do n't have enough infrastructure for working free trade . 
  is n't bigotry generally worse in areas not affected by the group being discriminated against ? 
  so your area should n't hate on the poles because they actually know a pole or two . 
  i did n't see that it was different diacritics on the thumbnail ... 
  i 'm just blind apparently . 
  why the ten e 's ? 
  are the diacritics different because they did n't seem to be ? 
  generally it 's the parents that causes the insanity . 
  [ but it is based on a true story ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gleneagles_hotel,_torquay ), 
  the european attempts at diversification has more often than not resulted in civilwars and/or semi dictatorial regimes . 
  the original plan was to diversify by connecting azerbaijan to the south via turkey . 
  that plan is at least partly going ahead but with russian gas connected half way via turk-stream and russian troops a couple of km away from it in georgia . 
  the second alternative was going via syria and/or iraq , you should be somewhat up to date on how that is going . 
  the current plans are a smaller pipeline to israel via cyprus and possibly another one to the mahgreb region . 
  there is also a new field being discovered between cyprus and egypt that might help on the longer term . 
  the idea of having eu negotiate and buy gas as a union is one of the most un-eu ideas i have ever heard of , it 's not odd that it died on the table . 
  why would we treat the gas grid any differently than the electric grid ? 
  improve the infrastructure and regulate it and let the markets trade freely . 
  considering the russian bitching and moaning about the electricity market i would assume they would hate that . 
  as for self reliance that is not possible for gas , we have to stop using gas ( as we should anyway ) , there are n't enough viable sources within the union . 
  relying on turkey shifts the problem out of the election season for the major eu countries , that in and of it self makes it worth it . 
  we got a small improvement of frontex at the same time so when turkey fails us we will have a better base to build a working eu-borderguard . 
  umm ... 
  the eu is financing the construction of a international gas grid that connects all the different routes for russian gas and thereby neutering their ability to use gas as a weapon against individual countries . 
  note that this includes helping belarus and ukraine . 
  what is your suggestion ? 
  migration and/or border control has been a huge shit show in the eu since before 2004 . 
  i 'm just glad we maybe had any internal progress at all this time . 
  but either there is a constitution limiting the monarch to not creating institutions to better control and lead her state or there is n't and the monarch is free to choose to institute whatever institutions or rules she wants in * her * state that she * owns * . 
  also i 'm super sure you would totally come out on top in the cut throat world you are suggesting ... 
  it 's going to be interesting to see how well their 5.6 d chess boards stack up in the linear petanque game that is the french election . 
   constitutional monarchies are pointless . 
  i am a royalist . 
  or  not unlimited which is it ? 
  [ here is a starter pack ] ( https://bookshop.europa.eu/en/bundles/comics--cbtmoep2ix19kaaaevztkhowsr/ ) for zesty eu-memes . 
  is there no combination of time of day and theoretical solar eclipses that sets the sun ? 
  are n't the roads in a favela way too bad for a drive by ? 
   `` united kingdom of non-brits '' is semantically impossible . 
  nah it 's just a reference to poland-lithuania . 
  edit : or sweden-norway, 
  you are comparing the eu with a state and that is just wrong and weird . 
  the eu vastly outperforms the sum of it 's parts in diplomacy . 
  on issues where there is consensus the eu can somewhat manage to speak with one voice and almost act as one . 
  it 's not enough but it 's a hell of a lot better than it was before . 
  the eu sanctions against russia is much more than what would have been done without it and the eu is slowly starting to cooperate in the question of returning illegal migrants to unwilling countries . 
  and the soft-power is being utilized quite aggressively in some narrow fields like electricity grids and gas . 
  so what is norway doing about it outside of the eu ? 
   self-styled kings of the eu they do n't become self-styled anything just because you keep repeating it ... 
   ( , if a mod could turn it in to a np link that would be great ) just write np instead of www in your link . 
  a 30gw switch yard is not a tiny thing with living quarters and maintenance workshops and storage it starts to get big . 
  and considering the size ( power-wise ) of that thing they will be required to have very good uptime so they will want to be able to get spare-parts and consulting from siemens and/or abb ( hopefully not alstom ( fuck you alstom ) ) asap when needed . 
  i would guess that it 's round to decrease erosion and at some point in the first design discussions when they were discussing ten platforms or an island with a diameter of ` x ' meters , and when x started to get close to the length of a short airstrip they just stopped discussing any other alternative seriously . 
  when the oil rig approaches 6km ^ 2 in size and needs a landingstrip for logistical reasons it starts to get cheaper with an island . 
  but if someone has an old carrier they want to sell for scrap price i 'm sure there would be interest . 
  and yes she will . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqldwy-lt_o&amp;list=pliioupoge0ltw77tnvgrwwu5oc3eowqxq ) is a video with a guy who explains how to build one . 
  the first part is about space elevators , he talks about orbital rings after 4:00 ish . 
  some time after material sciences has reached the point where it 's possible . 
  afaik orbital rings are possible with the current level of technology although getting them of the ground could be a bit tricky . 
  that might cause problems with getting full entso-e membership . 
  how is transnistria connected to the grid ? 
  ( are they ? ), 
  his tag says monaco . 
  you really need to listen less to what the different politicians in the eu says and look more at what actually gets done . 
  you never hear about all the pragmatic shit the eu does because it never gets any media attention * . 
  and you never hear why something was n't done ( or at least not ten years later when we needed it to have been done ) . 
  there is never any uproar about building highways in eastern europe . 
  there was n't any loud protests about the eu rebuilding most of the baltics grids after making them close a nuclear plant that was considered unsafe . 
  \\* except in the uk ( nooo !, 
  lumps of lard and bread is not allowed to be called sausage any more !! ), 
  pretty sure that monaco will remain as some sort of appendage on france and/or italy no mater these changes . 
  did n't they rationalize the deals for all the micro states a decade or so ago , making them mostly identical ? 
  / r/totalynotmoonnazis, 
   yes but renewable is too expensive at the moment . 
  how is olkiluoto going ? 
  sweden has 1.3 gw more windpower installed than denmark ... sweden installed 493mw last year , denmark installed 220mw last year . 
  # \\ #sad [ statistics down around page 18-20 ] ( https://windeurope.org/wp-content/uploads/files/about-wind/statistics/windeurope-annual-statistics-2016.pdf ) . 
  good job lithuania . 
  i think it would be better in the long run if we formalized the tiers of the eu . 
  they are already there and i think the treading on the rights of the lower tiers is easier now that it 's unofficial than if we had a more formal system . 
  i think it would be much easier and clearer to both sides if you said things like ` you have to be in schengen to have the euro ' or even ` you have to be a member of entso-e before you can start assention talks ' . 
  if we had a few clear levels we could at least in theory represent it in the parliament . 
  if finland would just finish one of those plants and stop leeching of the swedish grid we they could throw a new cable over the puddle and let swedish hydro be the backup to the estonian wind . 
   parades are stupid . 
  why ? 
  in a proper city with working infrastructure they should be a net benefit . 
  i 'm very sure that stockholm pride is a big net benefit . 
  both from an economic point of view with all the tourism it generates but also from a social point as it creates new meetings and interactions that would never form without such an event . 
   food colouring mushroom soy ? 
   stay clear of italians pfft , those guys do n't even put kebab and fries on their pizzas . 
  i think they pur\u00e9ed it instead of mashing . 
  if people use them all in one post they tend to mean that there is a difference in motivations . 
  how that is supposed to be a defence is beyond me but that is how i see it being used . 
  as far as this case goes i consider it very interesting that these people claims that any people from east of germany or south of austria has been considered white . 
  i know for a fact that neo-nazis in sweden do n't consider french people to be the same race as them . 
  and they protested in the streets in the 90s about yugoslavs . 
  so lets get this straight . 
  the english wants access to the internal market of the eu while bartering special exceptions , and to compensate for those exceptions they offer more exceptions that no one has asked for .
