   eu is making everything intentionally worse . 
  is n't that a rather bold claim for a nation that is getting most of its electricity grid upgraded without cost by the eu ? 
  but that is about norway obviously . 
  a mile would have been cheaper there i think ... 
  in 2009 sweden made commemorative coins to the ** story ** of another nation on the other side of the sea ... 
  and then the free esa moonstate joins eu, 
   the current state it is in right now suits them ideally . 
  annexation ? 
  the bosporus is special though . 
  mountainous narrow frozen shit hole of a border is no border . 
  are you sure it 's not a reference to belgium and wwi ? 
  if one join both will join . 
  it would be a national/nordic nightmare for sweden to join and leave finland behind and if finland joins first there is no reason for sweden not to . 
  and south ossetia is getting how many m ^ 2 bigger for every unprorussian decision they take ? 
  i for one appreciated your comment ... 
  but is n't that the real problem here ? 
  in what way is sweden an enemy of russia ? 
  we are not in nato . 
  we let them build infrastructure we have no use of trough our economic zone . 
  we have given them sewage treatment plants and other random * shit * like that . 
  we are . 
  but that is of our own choosing ( well mostly at least ) . 
  and it has affected our sovereignty . 
  considerations that we should not have to take are being taken in both national as international policies . 
  we are being targeted by childish military bullying and then mocked when we take it seriously . 
  but this is n't about nato , it 's about everything . 
  russia has stated that they see every step in the process as incursions . 
  we could not sign one deal with them without asking russia first . 
  and that would be handing over their sovereignty to russia . 
  no sane nation feels contained by increased stability and economic progress in its neighbours . 
  we are n't living in the 1800s any more , your security is correlated with your neighbours not reversely so . 
  romania did n't feel contained when it 's neighbours joined eu , it saw an opportunity . 
  if russia had n't been increasingly assholeish ukraine and georgia had n't been interested in joining nato . 
  a world where russia joined schengen would have been possible and it was not eu nor eastern europe who choose to make that impossible . 
  deciding that eastern europe is the wall in russias ~ ~ prison ~ ~ assylum is revoking their sovereignty . 
  who are we to decide that some states should not pursue what 's best for their population , instead forcing them to sacrifice themselves on the altar of status quo . 
  it was the baltics saying that the increasingly authoritarian and jingoist dictatorship in their neighbourhood would make land grabs unless other nations could defend themselves that caused the land grabs ? 
  not the authoritarian jingoist dictatorship ? 
  are n't ukraine and georgia supposed to be independent nations that are free to do what 's best for their populations ? 
  is n't that what he sees as a problem ? 
  he would have liked a row of neutral buffer states so that he could ignore russian aggression . 
  improvement on the single most important infrastructure on europes single most important trade route is not relevant to europe ? 
  kalmarunionen , danish queen and then king over the whole of the nordics . 
  [ fallujah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fallujah#health ) does n't agree . 
  something something kaliningrad . 
  they could make that into some kind of tv-show . 
  i think it has one . 
  and finland was a fully integrated part of sweden and it was probably a majority of finns in the swedish cavalry during the deluge . 
  finland has almost as much common history with poland as sweden , seeing as finland * was * sweden . 
  i know about the deluge it 's well described on wiki , just not in swedish history books as it was n't a major event for us . 
  it was n't even the most important part of that war as it was the same war that the swedish army crossed the belts . 
  the scores of the balts and poland is probably partly due to not being able to start up parts of the grid if there is major disruptions . 
  so there is a part of it that is about quality of grid and interconnection . 
  we are taught about the deluge from the opposite view and it 's consequences for poland is not really discussed only inferred as a major actor in our history disappears . 
  for swedes it 's all about sigismund being a catholic who refuses to convert and has the audacity to try to use foreign tax men on our soil . 
  this leading to the swedish crown splitting from the polish and later wars in poland ( that are n't discussed much ) . 
  most talk of how horrible our wars was for the local population is centred on the 30 years war and germany . 
  ( this is my personal experience of our school system and especially school books ) talking about the deluge and finland not being scandinavian in the same text is rather weird . 
  nordics use the word nordic , we do n't talk that much about scandinavia because it is a geographical grouping that cuts straight through our culture group and our historical domains . 
  iceland and faeroe is n't scandinavian either . 
  wow the american wet dream ... any actual invasion force reaching the us would travel trough a nuclear wasteland shooting of anyone in their way . 
  did any saudis write anything in that thread ? 
  that the ones in power likes a system is n't the same as random citizens saying they do . 
  you have a different historical lens to view this trough . 
  that the current governments are elected is nice and good but i and most swedes has a genuinely positive perception of the state and everything it 's involved in . 
  it goes back at least several hundreds of years . 
  the king and state was on the side of the peasant population against the nobility , our whole state is built on top of this idea . 
  we built a huge bureaucracy to keep check on the population , educating us but also requiring tax and military service . 
  this positive relationship with our state explains many if not most cultural misunderstandings between yanks and swedes . 
  i 'm not worried about the states intention in the question of free speech and i get a society where i do n't have to hear nazis screaming about ` the jews ' or mexicans on fox-news . 
  just as i 'm not worried about having higher taxes and i get most of my healthcare and all education for free . 
  we fought for livland to the last balt too , 
  that 's hate speech against aussies man . 
   my point is that if you believe that the government answers to the people , instead of the other way around , then it does n't make sense for the government to decide what the people can and can not hear . 
  democracy requires individuals to make up there own mind , not be `` protected '' from supposedly dangerous ideas . 
  this is actually the big difference . 
  as a swede i see the government as an ( rather inept ) extension of the people . 
  the people has come to a consensus that there are some things that are beyond what 's reasonable to say or print . 
  it 's not worth risking peoples lives and livelihoods over someones right to * lie * . 
  you are thinking of finland . 
  sweden has always fought againgst russian oppression to the last non-swede in the country . 
  that 's the real plan behind our immigration polices btw . 
  i for one live close to a canal that is a beautiful testament to our repression of russians ( built/renovated whatever by pow ) so there is that . 
  something something holocaust something something germany . 
  is turkey really interested any more ? 
  we should build a statue of a v2 in central london . 
  maybe put up a sign commemorating the people who died during it 's development . 
   frozen conflict  south ossetia [ yeah ] ( http://www.eurasianet.org/node/74201 ) so cold and static . 
  it 's not considered a joke if it 's true . 
  mmmm \u00c5bo . 
  we can put it in svealand to avoid confusion . 
  [ it 's like halal meat ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20150707/you-become-a-muslim-if-you-eat-halal-meat ), 
  i for one blame the red colouring in p\u00f8lse . 
  on a more serious note i think that it 's going to continue to diverge as at the root of the difference seems to be a growing difference ( still small tough ) in how the cultures view liberty and progressiveness . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ha12sat.jpg ) is probably relevant too . 
  they are still the best at bronze casting right ? 
  the refugees of the walloon crisis are of course welcome in sweden . 
  nah they are more different than worse but i would say that they are worse than germanys . 
  dar dar , if you ask nicely we could probably build a nice power cable to you after we are done with the one to lithuania . 
  livland is just as dear to us as estland and ingermanland , riiga is as relevant as reval and n\u00f6teborg .
