  so do men put a wedge between the child and parent . 
  fredrik malm tells about one of the girls from vivalla , who was free to go to syria when she was heading to the airport . 
  - she is currently married to another city . 
  if she has chosen it yourself , or if the family has solved it that way , i do not know . 
  many supposed as still married off in any way . 
  the 22-year-old swedish somali yasmin said ahmed mohamed qadars travel companion , does not really fit the image of a hard coherent girl who joined the is because she wants to stand on its own . 
  she traveled to reunite with her husband , who in 2013 left the vivalla to war in syria . 
  i started above, 
  of orebro district vivallas 7200 inhabitants has about twenty young men and women traveled to syria and iraq to join the is or other jihadist groups . 
  one of them is mohamed qadar , which is assumed to have been killed in august last year . 
  his instagramkonto @dundergullan remain , and gives an insight into a young swede radicalization process . 
  orebro mosk\u00e9s leadership accused the imam of the neighboring town of eskilstuna for extremism , but denies the allegations . 
  a small bunch of is-supporters denigrates the reputation of the mosque , says the mosque 's president . 
  the view of extremism and is creating right now big conflicts in a number of swedish muslim congregations . 
  `` in eskilstuna it 's worse that as a muslim say that you are against the is than you are for is , '' said abshir osman , a politician who had been threatened several times after having expressed concern about extremism . 
  chapter 1 orebro sppring 2015 wrote a group of mothers from \u00d6rebro district vivalla a letter to the swedish government 's former coordinator against extremism , social democrat former party leader mona sahlin . 
  `` we are parents of young people skiing in the way to syria . 
  some have been killed and others live . 
  we know not what they do or why they went there . 
  there were tragic events that affected all our family members in a way that we can not describe with words . '', 
  7200 people live in vivalla . 
  of them , about twenty young men and women traveled to iraq and syria to join the is or other jihadist groups . 
  the large number of jihadists per capita makes vivalla unique in sweden . 
  almost everyone who grows up here know someone who went to join the sunni terrorist organization that claims to create a muslim state by forcibly suppress dissent and impose extreme sharia law . 
  there as elsewhere , is something terrible to hear about on the news - fighting for is - can vivalla appear as a career path , among others . 
  syria passengers are sometimes mythical figures among young people here . 
  the legends are woven around them and their destinies . 
  in the middle ages vivalla a farming village . 
  life revolved around god and the church . 
  arable land belonged to orebro monastery . 
  in the 1500s came the reformation and gustav vasa confiscated land to the crown . 
  but religion continued to be important in vivalla . 
  1605 born poet and adventurer lars wivallius here . 
  he was the son of a farmer and was originally named lars svensson . 
  his new surname he took from the village where he grew up . 
  lars wivallius was a restless young man . 
  penniless , he bluffed his way down the continent , pretending to be noble , ended up in jail . 
  when he got out , he wrote his main contribution to the swedish literary history : `` klage-wijsa , \u00d6fwer thenna dry and cold w\u00e5\u00e5hr '' . 
  the long poem is a kind of prayer which expresses the poet 's longing for spring warmth and joy , for drizzle , greenery and `` queue n\u00e4chtergals song . '', 
  wivallius are extremely humbled by the creator : `` wij hafwe o gudh tigh sinned emoot forgive us the shortcomings swara '' when today vivalla built in the late 1960s was god no longer so important . 
  sweden was in a strong period of secularization . 
  the religion had no role in the new swedish society planned , more modern than ever . 
  vivalla million was included in the program , the swedish government 's effort to build `` a million homes in ten years '' as formulated in the social democratic party 's policies in 1964 . 
  this was a time when the social democrats won all swedish elections . 
  how government of sweden would go to could largely formulated on the s party congresses . 
  when vivalla conceived the idea was to avoid past mistakes million . 
  the area would not feel that any alienating concrete desert . 
  therefore , the focus was on the low two-storey house , with plenty of vegetation between . 
  the ambition was high : car-free farms , natural feel and good public services at the center . 
  when the 2400 apartments were completed in 1970 vivalla became nationally famous . 
  never before had it in sweden built a completely rented residential area with only low buildings . 
  when i 45 years later visit vivalla 's comfort feeling remains . 
  the low houses look cozy out , with warm lighted windows . 
  but the fear is just below the surface . 
  for svt 's local news tells a man in the area of christians in vivalla who dare not decorate for fear of muslim extremists . 
  even ordinary muslims are afraid of the is-sympathizers in vivalla , says the man . 
  - many feel that there is nothing else to do but to move . 
  concerns are also available in the is-sympathizers families . 
  vivalla mothers writes : `` we believe that many young people will be inspired by those who have gone , and the is propaganda films . 
  what we see is frightening . 
  we see young unemployed people who are frustrated and hanging on the wrong side . 
  is and other criminal groups may take advantage of young people 's frustrations and we must react and take swift action , otherwise we will lose many young people . '', 
  one of the most talked jihadists from vivalla is mohamed qadar , born in 1986 . 
  a photo interested swedish somalis with a penchant for clean , minimalist compositions and motifs in bright colors . 
  on his instagramkonto @dundergullan he has posted hundreds of photos and short movie clips . 
  a beam of sunlight that hits orebro mosk\u00e9s deep red prayer mat . 
  orebro castle , reflected in svart\u00e5n . 
  laughing children throwing snowballs vivallas between rows of houses . 
  an imam with a beautiful voice during friday prayers . 
  in may 2015 traveled mohamed qadar to join is . 
  according to what his mother told the police , the plan was that he would work as a photographer for is , take pictures and make movies that terrorist organization could use in their propaganda . 
  in august , three months after his departure , came news of the death of syria . 
  `` yet is \u00d6rebro death , '' read the headline in nerikes allehanda . 
  mohamed qadars instagramkonto @dundergullan is still online . 
  often he published texts there too : thoughts on vivalla , about drugs , about religion , about society . 
  it is clear that he put a lot of time and effort on both photography and writing . 
  jihadists rely seldom media or western authorities . 
  therefore , we get the stories and testimonies of what goes on in the mind of the young swedes who are attracted by the is . 
  it makes account @dundergullan especially interesting . 
  there is a window right into a swedish is supporters everyday life . 
  when mohamed qadar had traveled three vivalla guys have died in syria . 
  he knew them all . 
  one of them was his own brother , liban . 
  @dundergullan described the three dead as `` salihiin '' , an arabic word meaning true believers and pious people : `` love you all brothers . 
  may allah unite us in paradise with liban farah ahmed o o all other salihiin . '', 
  23-year-old brother liban had been killed in january 2015 in northern iraq . 
  peers buddy farah died almost simultaneously . 
  in younger days they had played football together in the local team vivalla stars . 
  the third vivallabon killed was 25-year-old ahmed barre , another friend from vivalla . 
  `` may allah accept you barre , '' wrote mohamed qadar when news of ahmed barre 's death came in february 2015 . 
  on @ thunder gullan account , he put up a beautiful picture of her friend , who in a white cassock walked backlit with the silhouette of vivalla center in the background . 
  mohamed qadar was not deterred by his brother and friends ' death . 
  he designed his trip during the spring as his mother-wrote the letter about the dangers of is and extremism mona sahlin . 
  he traveled with two younger friends from vivalla , a girl and a guy . 
  22-year-old yasmin said ahmed wanted to reunite with her husband , who previously traveled down to fight with is . 
  23-year-old amin ghezali was the brother of vivallas most famous residents : mehdi ghezali who had been imprisoned at guantanamo . 
  it was not easy for the trio to get to syria . 
  when they disappeared had relatives in vivalla sounded the alarm to the swedish authorities and asked for help : please , stop our young people from joining the is . 
  the young \u00d6rebro became an international news story when the swedish authorities acted . 
  `` sweden asks turkey for help finding isis-bound nationals , '' wrote reuters in a telegram .
