  the veggie food is in no way worse than the other shit schools serve . 
  why you would consider the industrial carrot patties to be worse than the industrial ` meat ` balls . 
  nononono [ the burger goes * inside * the pizza ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ha86cwkd50u/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  i 'm seeing that typo too often . 
  i 'm starting to suspect there is some kind of super low key meme going on here that i 'm not aware of . 
  as a transient solution you could have the right to send commissioners be touring like the presidency . 
  that way we could have the number we want and just select from a different pool every cycle . 
  how so ? 
  is he able to sell that ? 
  would you buy that tripe ? 
  is there actually any treaty stopping the french from sticking the people in calais on a ferry and shipping them to the other side ? 
  i get why that is the most pragmatical solution for the uk-fr border considering the tunnel and all but i ca n't see why the hadrian border would be the same . 
  the nordics are in schengen though . 
  you can have special deals above schengen just as we do . 
  the tolerance for special deals seems to have diminished as both uk and the swiss are pulling bs on us at the same time . 
  the shit sweden is pulling on a permanent basis with the euro probably is n't helping either . 
  the answer seems to be : yes , if you leave on good terms with the ruk . 
  and standard boilerplate no exceptions . 
  now you just need that from someone in power . 
  i find your weird dialect of swedish quite intelligible . 
  that 's one long tunnel ... do we even have a definition of how deep a nation goes ? 
  silly stalin why were you so blind as to accept when hitler forced you to annex half of poland . 
  if only he would have known the dangers of appeasement . 
  one of the councils is the upper chamber of the parliament . 
  the other council is supposed to decide and direct the political direction while the commission is the executive . 
  it 's mostly a naming issue . 
  and also confusing because the councils have an overlap in participating individuals . 
  i do n't think you would consider norways relationship with the eu as being ` out ' if you read up on it . 
   a 52-year-old man has been arrested, 
  maybe that alaska is a petrostate ? 
  the process would have barely started in one year . 
  this disentanglement bs will take forever . 
  i do n't see why you just do n't solve this but then i 'm swedish and generally consider me and my government to be on the same side . 
  would n't it be much easier to fix your databases so you could all just go and vote . 
  with the added benefit of decreasing the amounts of illegal jobs and increased tax revenue ? 
  asking anglosphere people about their taxation system is like watching the most boring episode of the twilight zone . 
  the yanks defending having the vat added at the register instead of having it included in the price is much odder than this though . 
  well ours is central , you have a legal obligation to register when you move ( for tax purposes ) , and that same list is used for voting . 
  to continue my examination of your administration : is n't the tax agency centralised in the uk , or is it just the lists that are somehow local ? 
  is it only which municipality you move to or do the government in fact actually have a list of where everybody lives ? 
  edit thanks for the answers btw, 
  how does municipal tax work then ? 
  do you have to register where you live every year for taxes too ? 
  our driving licences are valid id , actually they are valid for travelling within the nordic passport union and our national id card is a theoretically valid schengen passport ( in practice i 'm told you tend to have to see the inside of security offices every now and then if you do n't also bring a passport ) ^ ^ he ^ ^ said ^ ^ bragingly, 
  refineries with gas flares and shit . 
  it 's just that if you look around most countries have one or two of these weird systems that strike you as odd and sometimes against the bigger ideals that their society seems to hold . 
  when you dig a little deeper you usually find a pragmatical reason for these systems . 
  i ca n't find any sane pragmatical reason for having to register to vote . 
  but in most western countries all of that is automatic . 
  you get a letter in the mail with you voting card and you show up where it tells you and show an id and they check you of on the list they have . 
  why would you need to register for that . 
  i struggle to see why you have to register to vote at all . 
  it feels very middle-easty , they should start making you dip your fingers in blue dye after voting while they 're at it ... 
  probably . 
  im not superinterested i just wanted to help the ones behind the great firewall of china . 
  it 's a company mostly based in sweden in both production and sales and they have n't paid any profit tax in sweden for a decade , literally none . 
  but what kind of visa would a early-retiree in a gheto in spain apply for ? 
  i get why britain would n't want to loose 100k plumbers over night but spain seems kinda fed up and have historical reasons to distrust the brits . 
  letting people apply for visas according to existing or similar rules is not what i think of when someone says grandfathering but ok . 
  what would be in that deal for eu ? 
  according to sapo has around 300 swedes traveled to syria and iraq to join the islamist groups . 
  130 of them have returned to sweden . 
  several of them are in vivalla . 
  keeping track of the returnees and find those who may pose a threat is security service chief work right now , according to the security service chief anders thornberg . 
  the sapo yearbook published in march 2016 , read : `` those who survive and choose to return has accumulated new knowledge , new contacts , lowered its threshold and violence can become status figure for other extremists . 
  the returnees who still believe that ideology is correct probably continue to operate in sweden in support activity or radicalization . 
  some are traumatized or repentant . 
  a few forms an assassination threat . '', 
  lars vilks ' roundabout dog drawings have raised the threat level against the whole of sweden , according to the national center for terrorhotbed\u00f6mning ( nct ) , which is a cooperation between the security service , the fra and musts , military intelligence and security . 
  the combination of dog vilks and the presence of blue and yellow soldiers in afghanistan is unfortunate from a strictly security perspective . 
  - right actions that are perceived to violate islam with military presence in muslim countries are among the most hotdrivande factors for sweden today , says the nct 's director , mats sandberg in sapo 's yearbook . 
  sapo says he stopped the two planned terrorist attacks by militant islamists in sweden in 2014 and 2015 . 
  the planning of the attacks was in an `` advanced stage '' . 
  it was not returning from syria were behind them , which according to the security service show the importance of working broadly and not just worrying about your is travelers . 
  in april 2015 , a young woman in vivalla beaten by her brother because she smoked hookah . 
  thus , she had shamed the family and damaged the family 's honor , according to what she told the police interrogation . 
  the girl who was beaten was the sister of the is-warriors and mohamed liban qadar , and the brother who beat her was also jihadist . 
  he had gone to iraq or syria in 2013 and seriously injured when a tank fired on a house where he was . 
  he underwent surgery for his injuries in turkey and then traveled home to \u00d6rebro for care and rehabilitation . 
  according to the district court judgment , he had gone home to his sister 's apartment after he found out that she had smoked a water pipe at the home of a mutual friend . 
  first , he looked at his sister 's little son was in another room . 
  then he struck her in the face and body with a toy mop of plastic . 
  when it broke , he continued the assault with a toy vacuum cleaners and their fists . 
  before he left the apartment told the brother to his sister that he would come back and beat her every night . 
  after a night with severe pain called sister police . 
  a patrol took testimony and photographed her bruises and bumps . 
  the brother was arrested after friday prayers in the mosque orebro . 
  a few days later she wanted or dared no longer participate in the investigation . 
  she told police that she was worried about what would happen now that she reported as `` clan used to deal with such events . '', 
  she was silent through the district court hearing . 
  court sentenced anyway brother for assault and unlawful threats . 
  police interrogation and documentation of the injuries was enough as evidence against the former syrian passenger . 
  the sentence was probation . 
  fredrik malm like vivalla and think that the image of the area may be too simplistic . 
  he often defend vivalla and its inhabitants . 
  but at the district 's conservative patriarchal families he meets occasionally a view of women and girls that he has difficulty , and he does not always know how to handle . 
  some parents put too tight frames around their girls and limits their freedom , he believes . 
  - as the summer : a father and a little boy in shorts and a tank top , and after a mother and a daughter fully p\u00e5p\u00e4lsade . 
  there is no chance for the girl to play the same way in those clothes . 
  a memory that gnaws at him is when he and a colleague would fetch a young man who was suspected of a crime .
