  yes it is likely this was preventable . 
  what is useless is blaming this on `` the system '' instead of on those truely responsible . 
  if the fire was preventable charge the owner with a manslaughter for every person that died . 
  make sure the state officials that failed to act can never find state employment again . 
  do n't go around blaming whatever you feel is responsible . 
  soft brexit is staying in the single market , thus bound to many of the reasons that made them want to leave , while losing say in the european parliament . 
  hard brexit is the uk leaves the single market and has to conduct trade with europe as an outsider . 
  there are other differences but these are the primary concerns . 
  just going to put my opinion out there . 
  i was fairly neutral to brexit but since they 're suppose to be leaving a solf brexit seems retarded to me . 
  to make a long story short a soft brexit looks like being tied down with all the things that made people want to leave , while no longer having say in the european parliament . 
  when i hear people talk about what a soft brexit would look like it just reinforces my view that it was hard brexit or no brexit . 
  was this his plan to revitalize the economy all along ? 
  at this point it 's time to just sit down , grab some popcorn , and enjoy the shitshow . 
  i was told living in interesting times was suppose to be a curse !, 
  i 'm having a blast . 
  i honestly think the opposite . 
  in the countries that are having a big shakeup in politics we 're seeing the honest truth about our politicians and countrymen . 
  it 's bringing a lot of ugly things into the light , but now that we see what people honestly think we can start to address the problems . 
  i think the us , uk , and anywhere else that votes in an `` extremist position '' will see some hardships and internal strife , but it will relieve the social stress that has been building up in society . 
  i could be wrong but despite all the retarded shit happening i actually feel optimistic for the first time in my life about politics . 
  all i can tell you is enjoy the show . 
  i honestly hope the complete shit show of us and uk politics spreads . 
  the chaos it has been spreading has done a lot to show how people really think and feel . 
  it might cause some hardships but i think it will be beneficial in the long term . 
  people now got to see the conservatives show how shitty they are . 
  over here almost all our politicians are falling flat on there face . 
  i think when the dust settles we 'll have better politicians and better governments . 
  until then there 's little to do but sit back and enjoy the show . 
  at this point i 'd say stop worrying and enjoy the chaos . 
  i 'm wondering if we 're going to see a hard brexit simply because the uk government is incapable of negotiations , so article 50 times out with no deal . 
  if that happens i 'll be laughing like a monkey for days . 
  there are no roaming fees between states , at least to my knowledge their are n't , but some providers only have coverage over a portion of the country . 
  france kind of is . 
  unlike most of the rest if europe they still have massive amounts of state owned industry . 
  if i remember right about a third of the country works for the state . 
  has this all been a plot by the conservatives to deflate the pound ? 
  if you 're thinking that i assume no one in europe can speak multiple languages you 're mistaken . 
  i still think it can cause problems , especially in a chain of command breakdown . 
  in combat every second is essential and any miscommunication can cost lives . 
  before we even get into the politics of such an action i 'm just thinking about the logistics and practically of such a force . 
  the most obvious problem is language . 
  in event of a breakdown of chain of command you could have polish and spanish units in close proximity the officers at the front might not be able to fully understand each other . 
  you could have a greek squad struggle to order artillery support from a german battery when every second counts . 
  there are many ways to mitigate this problem but it would be difficult to eliminate . 
  next big problem is logistics . 
  since nato this has been mitigated with the implementation of standardised nato cartridges but it seems every country has to have a special snowflake gun that uses a caliber round that no one else uses . 
  then you have the question of spare parts . 
  there are many different standard issue rifles across the continent and making sure the equipment to keep them all maintained gets where it needs to go would be a nightmare . 
  it 's the same story with tanks , apcs , snd afvs . 
  unless the vehicle fleet is standardized i would have no envy to an eu army logistical officer . 
  i do n't think it 's a great idea and that 's without factoring in political concerns . 
  just as a side note , the daily stormer has unironically announced it 's support of corben . 
  i saw the article and thought it was hilarious . 
  i have a friend that i badgered into actually voting and he told me he wrote in vermin supreme . 
  [ for those unaware ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4d_fvgq1cse ) . 
  so you 're saying these are ferengi clerics ? 
  my view is the america that people loved died with jfk and it simply took a while for the corpse to rot enough that you could n't pinch you nose anymore . 
  the `` free world '' has n't been particularly free for quite a long time . 
  this is either a testament to the ineptitude of the turkish government or a testament to how hard it is to censor the internet without cutting it off completely . 
  i should make it clear i 'm no expert . 
  i 'm just sharing my thoughts . 
  i think it 's mainly because parts of the country were never cut off from europe . 
  in the northern states the culture has been `` european '' and the people can clearly trace their accessory quite clearly . 
  the reason we do n't see this in the south is because of generations of illiteracy . 
  because of this records are n't as well kept , but more importantly the culture fractured away from the `` european '' culture of the north , into something uniquely american . 
  the north sees itself as a descendent of europe while the south has developed a strong american identity . 
  again i 'm no expert and i generalised a lot to keep this brief . 
  i know that but i ca n't change other people 's minds . 
  i live close to boston so i have to constantly listen to `` muh irish ancestors '' . 
  those people are insufferable when they start talking about their `` homeland '' . 
  us ` muricans ca n't stop preaching about `` muh heritage '', 
  they flipped for trump for a very specific reason . 
  jobs . 
  the states that flipped did not see much recovery under obama and are stricken with poverty . 
  trump spent his most of his campaign there while hillary did n't show up once until the last few weeks of the race . 
  turns out talking a lot about jobs in areas that used to be an industrial powerhouse but are now rusting away works . 
  trump 's history did n't matter because he was the only one that went to these places and offered them a positive future . 
  it 's painfully simple yet so many people do n't get it . 
  your eagle looks like it has downs http://www.bmas.de/shareddocs/bilder/en/bilder/teaserbild-rentenversicherung.jpg?__blob=wide&amp;v=2, 
  i 've seen some people saying that he 's deliberately talking the way he does as part of his political strategy . 
  long story short the way he talks allows you to project what you want to hear over his words . 
  if you want i can go on in detail later but i do n't have a ton of time right now . 
   accordion of kebab removal plays in the distance, 
  while you have a point about bullet proof vests if you look at the pictures of the protests the right leaning groups are now frequently in sports gear . 
  also with the already infamous bike lock attack there were people there that had first aid kits , seen in the footage of people bandaging the guy up moments later . 
  on top of that it 's not just rocks thrown at the right winged protests . 
  they had m-80s thrown at them in one of the berkley protests . 
   capitalism made record levels of inequality . 
  listen i do n't want to get into a moral debate over how good or bad socialism is but do n't spew such bullshit . 
  do you not know what came before capitalism ? 
  it was feudalism , the system where you give what you make to those wealthier than you unconditionally or you 're put to the sword . 
  slightly off topic but i still think it 's important . 
  the may is saying `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' while corbyn has been saying that `` no deal is not an option '' and these could lead to vastly different futures between the uk and eu . 
   no bismarck you make me sad germany, 
  big subs are for carrying nukes , and last time i checked the germans do n't have their own nukes . 
  their intended role is likely convoy raiding and attacking isolated warships . 
  i 'll let this review of the game speak for itself . 
  the american way is not to ask `` why '' , but to ask `` why not '' . 
  the american way is not ask `` why '' but to ask `` why not '' .
