  you got two options man . 
  you can laugh or you can cry . 
  the western world is in an absurd situation , thought impossible just two years ago . 
  i 've chosen to enjoy this crazy ride until its end , whatever that may be . 
  once we get there then we 'll either be cheering or sobbing , and we ca n't know which it will be for sure ; so i 'll enjoy the ride while i can . 
  so i say laugh while you can , we may not have the chance later . 
  actual answer here . 
  at the super bowl , biggest ( american ) football game there is , the falcons had a massive point lead at half-time , but the patriots pulled an absolutely massive comback . 
  it 's no 7-1 but it still was a pretty damn big win . 
  we have no idea why we make our restrooms that way either . 
  all i can assume is one day some cheapskate wanted to save 0.50 $ so made his bathroom stalls with the minimum materials required , and it caught on enough that it 's the standard across the nation for public restrooms . 
  1204 was an inside job !, 
  what i was trying to say is violent bolshevik groups destabilise society to the point here fascism is seen as preferable . 
  the nazis justified their rise to power with the blood communist groups spilled . 
  these neo-bolsheviks seem to have forgotten the number one cause of fascism in the world is violent bolsheviks . 
  you try explaining to those tankies the difference between keynesian economics and an actual free market . 
   communists  thinking also it appears that they 've forgotten that violent bolsheviks is the number one cause of fascism in the world . 
  i wonder if that `` lurkers of the world unite '' is more recent . 
  it seems like something straight out of lefty / pol / . 
  i love me some irl shitposting . 
  in the arms of an angel ... 
  you 're suppose to get luxembourg in your sphere before `` three huzzahs for germany '' if you want it for free . 
  i have n't heard about this before now . 
  would anyone mind giving me a tl dr about this ? 
  you posted this just because of the pepe , did n't you ? 
  i 'm going to wait until the court case is over before i make any judgments . 
  i 'm not a fan of le pen , but lets keep the pitchforks in the sheds . 
  your first point is why i hate whenever anyone proposes hate speech laws . 
  you ca n't get an objective definition of what is and is n't hate speech . 
  because of this it will be abused . 
  i 'll give the point i always give when this comes up . 
  when you ask a room full of politicians what is hate speech at least a few of them are going to say `` i think criticizing the goverment is hateful '' . 
  i know it 's an extreme but when you give the goverment power you have to always think about how it can be abused in the future . 
  not mentioned is the fact that they used this as a distraction from the fact that the german goverment just banned online anonymity . 
  i 'm all for gay rights and all that but governments always use feel good issues to distract from them passing complete shit . 
  that pose just makes me think of the ted cruz `` hand over the delegates donald '' memes from the elections here . 
  it hurts because it 's true . 
  the reason i went on a tangent about my own problems was because i 'm absolutely horrible at explaining what i think and feel . 
  evidently this is only making shit worse . 
  this is why i dread talking to people . 
  i always find a new way to fuck up . 
  the water company has control over the fucking water . 
  they should have no control over anything but water . 
  the house is the property of it 's owners , be it the residents within or the bank that they are paying mortgage to . 
  when the people stopped paying what would happen under laissez-faire is they get their water shut off . 
  because of the merge of political power and economic power companies now get to influence the affairs of state and intervene in the economy specifically to befit themselves at the expense of everyone else . 
  now the water company gets to put it in the law that you must be buying their goods or they will use the power of the state to take away your house . 
  i ask again , why on earth does a water company have the power to effect anything other than if you get water or not !, 
  i ask you this . 
  why does the water company get to decide who gets to live where ? 
  does the water company own the land those people lived on ? 
  how do they have the power to evict people from their property ? 
  i 'm an autist so i do n't know how to say what i think in a way others empathize with . 
  i ca n't predict how people will react . 
  the best thing i could think of was making my point blunt and clear . 
  also before you accuse me of not being empathetic to the victims let me tell you a quick story about myself . 
  i 'll keep it quick for you . 
  when i was young my parents got a bunch of fireworks for the 4th of july . 
  while they were talking with the neighbors i lit off a couple of things and i was standing far too close . 
  sparks lit my shirt on fire . 
  my parents had a fire extinguisher and it got put out before i suffered any permanent harm but to this day i still remember the pain . 
  i would never wish it on anyone . 
  so you can shut the fuck up about me not feeling for the victims . 
  every time i read that someone died in a fire i get reminded of the pain i suffered and i am left to wonder how much more intense was the pain ? 
  how long did they have to endure before being given the release of death ? 
  do i may be shit at expressing how i feel but i still feel . 
  also this post was about who/what was to blame , so i did n't want to spend an hour trying to say how horrible this was before i got to the point , that the owner cutting corners was to blame , the states ineptitude was to blame . 
  this is not the residents fault but with a destructive and uncaring force such as fire you should never take unnecessary chances . 
  which is worse , a lot of people being kicked out of the building with all their possessions , or people burning to death ( one of the worst ways to go if you ask me ) and those who survived losing almost everything ? 
  of course no one losing anything but you seem convinced that is not an option . 
  i think you underestimate the power of collective bargaining but even if it were to fail i think the outcome would still have been better . 
  again this is just my opinion . 
  i honestly think a soft brexit would be the worst of both worlds . 
  the uk would still bound to the will of the eu , and the biggest reasons that drove people to vote leave would be left unresolved . 
  i 've listened to people supporting a soft brexit and they make it sound like the uk would go from being a member of the eu to a subject of the eu . 
  while your economy might do better i honestly do n't think the british people would tolerate such a relationship for long . 
  the issue of national sovereignty would still be there . 
  the uk would still have no control over whoever comes in . 
  so many issues would be unresolved that uk would likely come out worse . 
  collective bargaining has worked for a long time . 
  if one person threatens to skip rent he would undoubtedly be kicked out . 
  if a dozen do they probably would still be kicked out . 
  if the entire tower threatens the owner has an ultimatum . 
  he can either conform to the demands or risk losing all the rent money that the building generates , and it would be much harder to get new residents because kicking out hundreds of people would gather media attention , at least at the local level . 
  if the owner is dependent on that property being profitable his options are invest in fire safety or go bankrupt . 
  this is the exact same reason that makes unions work . 
  i 'll agree with you on your next point , it is difficult to determine if a fire was preventable or not . 
  that said with how many people seemed to have known about the fire hazards in this case i can hope that justice is done . 
  finally , i 'm not blaming the victims . 
  they are n't the ones who made the building unsafe . 
  that said they could have taken actions that could have changed what happened . 
  i fail to see how me looking at what could have been done is me blaming the victim . 
  i do n't want to sound disrespectful to those who have fallen but unfortunately i must to make my point . 
  capitalism is not why this fire happened . 
  it was ineptitude from the state and lack of personal responsibility from the people living there . 
  the state knew the building was unsafe but refused to act , proving once again that trust in the government is always trust misplaced . 
  if i remember correctly the people living there were aware of the fire hazard . 
  when the state failed to act they should have . 
  the entire population of the tower could have banded together and threatened to collectively stop paying rent if the fire hazards were not adressed , but instead they decided to stand idle . 
  yes it is still tragic that people lost their lives , homes , and possessions .
