  the millennials also have better relations with immigrants because of all the foreign exchange students in their colleges . 
  the right wing is now popular with the old and the teenagers . 
  when the economy crashed much of the older generations lost their jobs , and their children watched as their lives worsened . 
  immigrants flooded the labor market , depressing wages . 
  they saw politicians care more about problems abroad than problems at home . 
  at the same time the progressives in america have fallen into a purity spiral while becoming more authoritarian . 
  the progressives keep saying you have to be even more accepting or you 're a horrible bigot , and the progressives will try and ruin your life . 
  you might think that they 're just a crazy minority but you have to remember that perception is more important than reality . 
  these young kids were born with the internet . 
  think about how many anti-sjw people there are online . 
  they get exposed to much more of this progressive purity spiral . 
  also think about the crap that happened with pewdiepie . 
  crap like that makes the young loath political correctness , sending them further to the right . 
  i feel like i rambled incoherently a bit so if you want something clarified just ask . 
  [ shitposting is eternal ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/926/744/93f.png ) . 
  i probably should have specified when i said `` the right '' i meant the far right . 
  it 's like tony blair in the uk supporting remain , or bush supporting clinton , or merkel saying germany needs to bring in more refugees again . 
  i sometimes wonder if these people ( except bush ) secretly support the right and are doing everything in their power to help them . 
  when you 're desperate you lower your standards a lot . 
  the only candidates that were willing to talk about the biggest problem on everyone 's minds in the country , jobs , were sanders and trump . 
  sanders lost the primary , though wikileaks shows some pretty scummy stuff happened behind the curtains , so trump was the only option . 
  you had a choice between a career politician from new york , who promised to be four more years of the same , which was hurting many areas of the country , or the real estate tycoon , also from new york , that went to all the small town and told people `` i 'll get your jobs back '' . 
  sure trump might be lying through his teeth but clinton did n't even acknowledge their problems . 
  it was either keep the same shit that you hate or take risk it on the wild card . 
  there has been a lot of social strife going on in the us that does n't get talked about a lot . 
  a lot of americans have felt disenfranchised by nearly every institution , media group , and political movement . 
  people had real problems that were ignored by nearly everyone . 
  this all resulted with trump , who is a giant orange middle finger to everyone else . 
  trump is n't the result of idiots . 
  he 's the result of ignoring too many people 's problems for too long . 
  you ignore people 's problems you get reactionary movements . 
  if you want california you can have it . 
  in the us hillary clinton spent a lot more money than trump but trump still won , being the first person in a long time to win the presidency with a smaller budget . 
  it simply came down to the clinton campaign being out of touch with many important demographics across the country . 
  there is also the fact the internet has become an entrenched part of society were the old , more expensive , ways are less effective . 
  you could do what clinton did and have a centralized internet propaganda machine , which only produced mediocre quality content and on faster paced websites they would be outdated by the time it was posted . 
  because of how reddit works it 's harder to notice , as they could vote to keep their message on top . 
  while less is known about trump 's online propaganda there is no way he was too dumb to not have some . 
  even on the fast paced sites i use there was little in the way of the old style centralized propaganda . 
  what i believe is that instead of trying to build an artificial narrative his campaign cultivated natural movements . 
  on the sites i use where conversation is much faster paced there were many people posting pro-trump one liners and memes , and it was much more than the normal autism . 
  i think instead if trying to hand build a narrative and maintain it through supremacy on the sites he went with the `` throw shit at the wall and see what sticks '' strategy . 
  once his fan base started using one it rapidly spread to other sites . 
  this strategy would never work in the while tv and newspaper were the main sources of information , but the internet is becoming the dominate force . 
  the main advantages are it 's both cheaper and more effective . 
  the propaganda itself is less obvious and it spreads naturally , preventing the biggest breakdown of online propaganda , of everyone having identical posts . 
  centralized propaganda has everyone reading scripts when questioned while this form you 're dealing with actual individuals with unique opinions . 
  the reason it 's so effective is because once it gets going it becomes near impossible to recognise for the propaganda it is . 
  thing is this is a good thing . 
  it makes it dirt cheap to get your message out there . 
  the reason campaigns are so expensive in the us is because you need the money to dominate the tv and newspapers . 
  making a message the resonates well with people is now more important than media domination . 
  this will only increase as the internet becomes even more relevant , and tv loses more influence . 
  tl ; dr elections will no longer be decided by who spent more on media coverage but who has the dankist memes . 
  thing is that it is fairly clear that the new internet based media is competing with , and more influential than , the old guards of tv media . 
  the old guard media wants to keep it 's money but is unable to compete with the internet so they 're using the only tactic that got that still has any effect , which is slander . 
  i do agree , the `` mainstream media '' versus `` alternative media '' argument can simplify things to the point of it being useless , but i 've seen enough to believe that the old media is desperate to keep its relevance and it 's big paychecks . 
  the war between tv and the internet has few differences to the war between tv and the newspaper . 
  however in the us we got the next generation of teenagers coming , many of which will be voting in the mid term election , that are swinging heavily to the right . 
  generation z is looking to be the most conservative generation in a long time . 
  at least in the us it 's primarily cultural . 
  the rural parts of the us hold self determination , independence , and person responsibility to very high regard . 
  they are responsible for their own wellbeing and others are responsible for themselves . 
  there is also the belief that policy from more leftist groups is at least partially responsible for their situation , which in the us is n't entirely wrong . 
  the person i replied to essentially said that anyone who believes what the trump government says is ignorant or gullible . 
  point i was trying to make is he is fulfilling more of his promises in the first weeks when most do n't even attempt to fulfill half as much over their entire term . 
  as i said you can criticize what he 's doing , or his supporters for not taking him serious enough , but you ca n't say his supporters are ignorant for thinking he would do what he promised . 
  russians i 've talked with online say that calling him a wannabe tsar is more appropriate . 
  look up squire on youtube . 
  he 's done some crap like that in warthunder . 
  so far he had made good on more campaign promises in a month than most politicians do in their entire term . 
  you could argue about what he is doing is wrong , or had terrible implementation , but you do n't really have the argument of him not doing what he says . 
  i was trying to give the simple quick version , but yes that is the offical term . 
   pennsylvania as north german confederation nice . 
  could make a pretty good book . 
  i 'd say try and write it , or develop the idea more and pitch it to a writer . 
  i can see where he got the idea . 
  washington dc is an independent city state . 
  essentially back then senators were appointed and the founding fathers really did n't want the politicians influencing who gets in the senate . 
  so dc is independent of all the other states but is not a state so the city does n't get senators . 
  did n't romania elect a muslim woman to a really high up position in their government a few months ago ? 
  i felt that the post i was replying to was implying that trump 's foreign policy is an accurate representation of what most americans want . 
  i was trying to make the point that most americans care very little about foreign policy , and that the reason trump won was because of his economic stances , not his foreign policy . 
  to be honest most americans care very little about foreign policy unless it has heavy implications on domestic policy . 
  it was n't views on foreign policy that won or lost the election , it was economic . 
  clinton promised to be a continuation of obama , put the problem is that obama 's economic policy may have helped the coastlines but pretty much everywhere else has suffered . 
  almost all of trump 's campaign was about wanting to improve our economy . 
  when election day came the traditionally republican states voted republican , and most the traditionally democratic states voted democrat . 
  the big shake up was that the democrat 's stronghold in the rust belt flipped red , along with a few swing states . 
  ohio , michigan , pennsylvania , wyoming , those were all states that have been voting democratic for a while but went republican this year , and the answer is simply because of jobs . 
  those were the manufacturing heart of the country but now all the factories closed their doors and the only job left for many people is walmart . 
  i know a lot of what trump said about foreign policy can be frightening but that 's not why he won . 
  time to retake constantinople ? 
  i got a bunch of my friends to vote this election by buying a case of beer for them . 
  of course this year all the candidates were so terrible that one of them wrote in vermin supreme . 
  yeah but not by a very wide margin . 
  voter turnout has been pretty low the last couple decades . 
  the only candidates we 've had for a while have only ever gotten fringe groups to vote with enthusiasm . 
  this election we had two famously unpopular candidates , making it dip down even lower . 
  this is something i started saying a while ago .
