  europe 's vast cultures are a bigger threat to the eu than anything else . 
  a government can only rule over so many different groups of people before to starts to oppress someone 's culture . 
  i live with the principal that as long as you are n't hurting anyone else you 're entitled to live life as you want . 
  europe is simply too big and diverse to work under one government . 
  different people want different things from their government . 
  as far as i 'm aware a system that can govern so many different cultures does n't exist yet . 
  a more powerful eu would oppress many people 's culture . 
  this is what happens when you play with meme magick . 
  i 'm not sure but if i were to bet it 's probably just some shitposting . 
  as an outsider looking in i see two scenarios as likely . 
  first scenario is the eu reforms , becoming less powerful . 
  in this case the eu is mostly a large trade pact . 
  what i feel is most likely is the eu will break up into several smaller pacts . 
  the eastern european countries would form their own union . 
  scandinavia would likely form it 's own union . 
  i could see the french , spanish , and italians banding together . 
  germany would have austria ( insert 4th reich joke here ) and anyone else willing to stay . 
  despite the breakup i 'm near positive they will all stay in nato . 
  as long as nato stays mostly intact there wo n't be any wars between the new smaller unions . 
  i really doubt that europe will go to war the moment the eu is gone . 
  if the eu were to try and federalise i think that will only make the second scenario happen , as it would be fuel for the fire for the nationalist movements happening right now . 
   soldier http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/137/137/597.jpg, 
  problem is the `` alt-right '' is n't a cohesive movement . 
  yes i know the first people to call themselves alt-right were a bunch of skinheads but the term has been used to talk about so many groups of people it has become an almost completely useless term . 
  at this point `` alt-right '' pretty much means `` anyone that leans right on the political spectrum and does n't like the neocons '' . 
  now `` alt-right '' refers to a great many different groups that are only related by a leaning to the right on fiscal issues . 
  my mistake . 
  sorry about that . 
  i still stand by my point , that the places with the strictest gun laws here have the worst crime . 
  also you should be careful when looking at gun death statistics . 
  one thing i often see is people citing the total number of gun deaths , which can include suicide and suicide makes up about half of our gun deaths . 
  the next thing i see is the use of `` homicide '' which in the us includes both murder and killing in self defense . 
  someone with an agenda can say `` gun violence is down '' despite the murder rate rising if they wanted to . 
  not accusing you of anything . 
  i just wanted to make it clear some of the misleading statistics that i see often used . 
  over here in the us the places with the worst gun related crime of the strictest gun control . 
  our capital is practically disarmed yet has one of the worst murder rates in the nation . 
  most of south america has very strict gun control yet has sky high murder rates . 
  restricting guns has very little effect on crime here . 
  the only statistic with a strong correlation is greater availability to guns increases the efficiency of suicide . 
  why the russian subways ? 
  close quarters is the worst place to fight zombies . 
  heading for the urals would be the best option if you ask me . 
  he 's a billionaire that puts a lot of his money into political movements , some of them have not been well received . 
  worst i know about on hand was him funding chapters of the black lives matter movement that turned out to be violent . 
  after looking throw this thread now i want to find out how hard it would be to get my hands on some here in ` murica land . 
  i doubt it 's cheap to get frozen goods overseas . 
  i 'm sure i could find `` italian style '' ice cream about but i have my doubts on their authenticity . 
  i guess i did n't really think about how much the things have changed , but you 're right . 
  the right still had many different movements attached to it . 
  monarchists and a lot of the governments in south america come to mind . 
  honestly the left/right dichotomy is too limited to cover a significant number of political ideologies . 
  politics is hardly one dimensional yet we insist on using a one dimensional scale to compare them . 
  all i can say is it 's called `` the third position '' for a reason . 
  the right wing generally gravitates to free market capitalism and traditionalism while the left generally wants state control and * more progressive * values . 
  fascism enforces traditional values and has a corporatist economic policy , where the corporations have great say in the government 's economic policies , which does really fit well into both the left and right wings . 
  the accusation that the nazis are left wing comes from their different approach to the economy . 
  in standard fascism the corporations are effectively part of the government , but the nazis kept the corporations power limited . 
  instead of having great say in government they were subjects to it . 
  influential subjects but still subjects . 
  i do n't really agree with the accusation that nazism is left wing but i thought i would explain the argument for it . 
  it 's really simple . 
  trump is the knee jerk reaction to many of our problems . 
  we do have a problem with illegal immigration , and to most people the very first thing that comes to mind is `` build that wall '' . 
  it is n't the most effective thing to do by a large margin but it 's the first solution that comes to mind and it 's the one that feels right . 
  you can apply this to almost everything he said while campaigning . 
  he is offering everyone the solution that feels right . 
  10 out of 10 quality shitposting here . 
  trump is extremely uncooperative with our media , but there is a world of difference between being uncooperative and censoring the press . 
  one is legal , the other is direct violation of the constitution . 
  as for voter id whenever i ask someone how it will effect minorities more their answer is effectively `` black people are too dumb to get an id '' . 
  sure they dress it up in nice sounding words and a big ribbon on top bit that 's the meat of their reasoning . 
  with convicts not being able to vote after prison , i 'll concede this one to you . 
  there are arguments in favor of such policy , but i do n't support the idea so i 'm not going to defend it . 
  the electoral college exists for a long list of good reasons , though i do think it needs reform . 
  i 've actually thought about this for a while . 
  if i had the power i would make it so the people have a ranked vote . 
  the states would have electoral points instead of actual electors and the points would be divided proportionally how the state voted . 
  if no one gets a majority than the person with the least votes in a state gets dropped in that state . 
  if everyone is eliminated but no one has a majority than the president will be whoever had a plurality of the orginal electoral points . 
  i think this would maintain the spirit of why the college exists while making it more in line with modern demands from our government . 
  as for our congress , just standard ranked vote should be sufficient . 
  i do n't know enough about europe to make any claims but i really do n't think we 'll see a non-democratic us . 
  to put it simply the ideas of liberty and democracy are at the very core of the american identity . 
  yes , we have suffered erosion of our rights . 
  most people are complacent until it directly effects them , however look at how react to the idea of limiting free speech or the right to bare arms . 
  even the suggestion of such things is ferociously opposed . 
  if one day we were n't able to vote there would be a bloodbath on capitol hill . 
  while we have our cycle of being authoritarian and libertarian the only way i could see the end of american democracy would be a series of events similar to those that led to the end of the roman republic . 
  i would n't completely rule out america wanting to intervene . 
  the monroe doctrine and the pax americana were still at the core of american foreign policy . 
  even if a theoretical alternative war did n't hit america directly we would still have likely picked sides if one was a threat to the american hemisphere , though unlike today it would need to be a real threat . 
  as i said we do n't know for sure how it 's going to end so just in case it ends up being shit i 'm going to enjoy myself while it 's possible . 
  the alternative is to just wallow in misery . 
  this a thousand times . 
  i think the best things we can do are to just ship over tonnes of condoms , help build local infrastructure , and stop sending them free food . 
  i know the last one sounds harsh but it 's one of the reasons africa remains poor . 
  if they do n't develop and maintain high birthrates we could see another migrant crisis that will make the current one seem small in comparison . 
  if europe is buckeling now i would not want to see the results of this possible next migrant crisis . 
  but does he know what a leppo is ?
