  they had more opportunity than 90 % of the world , and most this country , but because they wasted their years on useless degrees they want the people that actually got a job to pay for their college debt . 
  antifa , the fuckers marching with the hammer & sickle , or the red on black , are mostly sheltered college kids that are angry they could n't get a job with their useless degree . 
  in every big leftist protest all i see are either fat or scrawny delicate young men and women talking about how the free market is bad . 
  like it or not they have become the face of the left , and it 's reinforced online every time a leftist calls some a moron for disagreeing with them . 
  the face of the left is privileged kids that threw aware their opportunity and complaining that everyone else is n't breaking their back helping them . 
  it 's different than that . 
  the left has been a bunch of self righteous bourgeoisie talking down to the plebs from their high horse . 
  the left only cares about us poor plebians when we agree to submit to their rulership . 
  when you disagree with them you 're an ignorant buffoon that deserves to be mocked . 
  people do n't often vote for someone/a movement that they think does n't care about them . 
  til that the eu is all of europe . 
  someone should tell the swiss they are n't european anymore . 
  i 'm trying to figure out how he gains from this . 
  all he is doing is enraging the groups that are most likely to hard ball turkey . 
  he would be best off ignoring europe and bullying the middle east . 
  is he confident the anti-islam groups in europe wo n't gain power ? 
  previously i would think they have a lot of work to get in power bug erdogan is doing the heavy lifting , conferming all of their worst fears . 
  those groups will hard ball turkey if they get in power . 
  all i can think from listening to him is that he 's making a good argument for the retaking of constantinople . 
  what on earth does he gain from this ? 
  but he 's practically campaigning for the people that would be most willing to hard ball him , killing the country 's economy . 
  unless he thinks he can turn turkey into an industrial , or agricultural , economy capable of self sustaining in the next few years he 's dooming all off turkey and himself . 
  i do n't see a situation where he can continue down this path , and not face revolution in a few decades at most . 
  but ... nato is still a thing . 
  unless i really have n't been paying attention le pen is the only one that even suggested leaving nato . 
  i mean if the eu breaks down everyone will start competing economically but i ca n't see the possibility of all the nations of europe going at each others throats . 
   poland  higher than germany on this well color me surprised . 
  i know pols are n't as moralist as they often get portrayed , but i figured germany would be much higher up . 
  erdogan are you trying to help get more reactionary governments in power ? 
  i 'm struggling to figure out what is endgame is . 
  all his actions are essentially confirming the fears of all the anti-islam/anti-immigration parties across the continent . 
  if they start winning they are going to hardline turkey . 
  is he too retarded to see he is signing his own death warrant ? 
  earlier i probably would have agreeded with you but with the migrant crisis it looks like there enough unassimilated immigrants to cause significant social alienation . 
  the fring political movements of europe would not be growing if there was n't any alienation . 
  i 'm sorry to say it but my outlook on europe is more on the pessimistic side if the unassimilated population continues to grow . 
  nationalism is the idealisation of your nation and its people . 
  facism is totalitarian dictatorship . 
  nationalism can lead to jingoism and it can be used as an excuse to institute a fascist regime , but fascism and nationalism are not synonymous . 
  just because people are proud of their nation and their heritage does n't mean they 'll start goosesteping and try to build an empire . 
  from what i can tell most of the far right groups are currently pushing for nationalism not fascism , though i worry that if problems keep growing that could change . 
  if you think wilders is bad you have n't seen anything yet . 
  the migrant crisis has kicked a hornets nest of social problems and i do n't like the way things are going . 
  in the recent elections i 'm seeing centrist parties fall apart while the fring parties grow both more extreme and in numbers . 
  this is a recipe for disaster . 
  erdogan are you trying to get most of europe to start goose stepping straight to your door ? 
  i 've thought this for a while . 
  the demographic changes in europe are causing great social stress , and the longer it takes for a solution to be implemented the worse the situation , and the solution , will get . 
  if there is n't a change in course i have a pessimistic outlook for the future of europe . 
  i 'm not saying we 'll a nazi revival is around the corner , but if things do n't improve i wonder what the state of the continent will be in a decade . 
  erdogan has only accelerated this . 
  if i were to guess it 's far from over . 
  the social alienation that had people move to the right is n't likely to be addressed with the current governments , which will cause them to grow in numbers and ferocity . 
  thing is mattis is n't a warhawk . 
  he 's a soldier and he loves his men too much to throw them away without reason . 
  politicians throw men into the fire without consequence but the officers have to write to the families why their loved ones died . 
  he knows what the price of war is so he is n't intent on paying it without good reason . 
  the propaganda machine here is maddening . 
  pretty much every tv news network is a propaganda service for either the neocons or the neolibs , both of which love war for the benefit of corporate interests . 
  worse of all is no one seems to remember they lie to the people . 
  because he 's got some charisma and has the support of the media obama conviced most the country he 's a peacenik while blowing up children across the middle east . 
  hopefully some day soon people will wake up to the propaganda machine . 
  our government is full of cold warrior warhawks and either through propaganda or charisma convinces the public to not worry about yet another war . 
  at least the warhawks are getting old and wo n't be around much longer . 
  most well known of them , john mccain , seems to be going senile , ranting about reds under the bed . 
  i do n't remember who said it but someone i watch on youtube said his haircut makes him look like teenage stalin . 
  yeah we really do need voting reform , but i doubt it will happen any time soon . 
  we do n't even have a two party system . 
  we have a one party system that pretends to be a two party system . 
  on the positive side democratic party is in complete disarray , and might even fall apart . 
  at the same time trump is sending tidal waves through the republican party . 
  it might be hard to see now but i 'd bet big money the republican party ten years from now will be nothing like it is today . 
  with both the major parties in their state some actual change in the political landscape might happen . 
  trump and erdogan are conspiring to enrich the jews by causing a hilarious international diplomatic crisis so jewish owned corn farm will have never before seen sales . 
  at the same time the jewish bankers will invest heavily into the popcorn industry , making a killing off the stock market . 
  it is all a plan so cunning we almost did n't notice , unless they wanted us to !, 
  are trump and erdogan working together to boost the us economy by making popcorn sales skyrocket ? 
  i 'm just wondering what the hell will happen to scotland if it leaves the uk . 
  when oil prices were higher they would have been fine but eith prices low now what would their economy be ? 
  i just do n't see an independent scotland lasting long without significant aid from the eu . 
  well if you consider absolute power a european value he has a point . 
  shit like this is why i love visiting subs like this and lurking on / int / . 
  these crazy regional festive are amazing . 
  this is one of the few matters i think america has a good solution for , at least with the limitation to culture . 
  out here we 've had people of many different backgrounds show up and , for the most part , we 're all able to get along . 
  the descendents of the waves of mass immigration here still have a great deal of respect for where they came from but they all call themselves american and have loyalty to their countrymen before elsewhere . 
  some groups still have traces of their previous culture but they still fit in with the rest of the nation . 
  we got people to integrate because whrn these waves of mass immigration came they ended up in areas where their children would learn english , and , in my opinion was a larger factor , is our nationalist culture . 
  americans are proud of being american and it has been able to unite people who have nothing else in common . 
  as for racial tension , we 're still trying to figure that one out . 
  it looked like it was going strong in the right direction for a while , then about 5 years ago it all started to fall apart again . 
  i can take a guess at why but i 'm fairly bias . 
  i think it 's been the breakdown of american nationalism . 
  our most notable civil rights speakers proclaimed `` there is no black america or white america , just america . '', 
  over the last couple decades we 've had a lot of unpopular wars , that have only resulted in more suffering around the world , making it hard to be proud of the country . 
  with nationalism weakening the unifying identity of american weakened too , allowing old wounds to be reopened . 
  again i got to admit bias , because if it was n't obvious , i 'm a fairly firm believer in nationalism . 
  i do n't really know enough to explain the reason in europe but i think i got a good idea of why it 's on this side of the atlantic . 
  much of the millennials in the us grew up in relatively wealthy families and the school system encouraged many to go on to college . 
  in general college kids are more likely to be left leaning , and maybe you believe the kgb defectors that claim they deeply infiltrated the education system to raise an extremely left leaning generation .
