it is a site from 2003 that has only ever really changed by adding or removing boards . 
  easiest way is to go to the home page , 4chan . org , click the board that interests you , then right above the first thread all the way to the left there is the `` catalog '' button . 
  that brings up the list of all the current threads , showing the title , header picture , and op 's post . 
  what threads are active is based on the `` bumb order '' . 
  simplest explanation is when someone posts in a thread it bumbs it higher up the order , until it reaches an upper limit that varies from board to board . 
  when someone makes a new thread the one at the lowest in the order gets replaced . 
  this all means activity , not popularity , is what determines which posts are highest up . 
  as for how to read through the threads it 's probably best just to lurk around a bit to figure it out . 
  when you do want to reply to something in a thread you just click on the post id number and it will open up the reply box and all the link to the post you click on . 
  that most the basics . 
  only other things really worth mentioning are keep / pol / on / pol / , and try to stay on topic for where ever you are on the site . 
  those are really the only rules you need to know to not get banned/suspended . 
  ironic you say that . 
  i like lurking there from time to time and 4chan has a pretty diverse user base . 
  yeah americans make up the largest portion but they are at most a third of the site 's users . 
  take a look at any of the boards that show what country the poster is from for ten minutes and it will become fairly obvious . 
  with the government the dutch have smaller parties are able to have more influence . 
  also we had the party that ultimately won the election start making a lot of anti-refugee talk in the last few weeks of the election . 
  wilders is still significant as he is causing policy change in the netherlands . 
  also i have n't seen anything about domestic surveillance or being anti-gay about front national . 
  maybe i 'm uninformed but this is the first time i 've heard of that . 
  some of the other parties that come to mind as potential major players are the swedish democrats , pvv ( again the dutch government allows a party of their size to still be very important ) , front national , and m5s . 
  from what i 've seen of these groups they all fairly leftist , from an american standard , but are more nationalist/patriotic than what has been the norm for europe , and are opposed to mass immigration/refugees . 
  why i do n't think afd has the ability to make any real change in germany is a combination of the their size , my understanding of the german government , and a bit of gut feeling . 
  last time i checked afd 's polls were floating around 15 % . 
  if my understanding of the german goverment is correct , without the aid of other parties they will be little more than an annoyance for the main parties , and from what i 've seen they wo n't be getting any help . 
  i also just have a gut feeling that afd is n't capable of growing much . 
  i do n't mean any offense by this but i ca n't really see a majority of the german people supporting a nationalistic/patriotic movement . 
  if you have a different perspective on this feel free to tell me but this is why i do n't really see them as a having the capacity to really change the direction of germany government . 
  i honestly have n't payed much attention to afd . 
  unlike a lot of the other groups they do n't have enough support to really effect the political landscape of germany , let alone get the highest office . 
  i knew wilders would n't win the election in the netherlands but his party is now big enough to have significant effect on the policy of the nation . 
  i see a lot of other groups with the potential to do the same , maybe even win an election or two , but the german group is n't one of them so i have n't read too much into them . 
  also i think it 's worth mentioning both parties love the surveillance state , and only ten years ago the democrats were anti-gay , almost as if demographics they rely on to win elections are extremely religious . 
  ( black and hispanics are very religious in the us ), 
  the european `` far right '' is what we would call a democrat here in the us . 
  all the `` far right '' movements in europe that i have actually read about are center left at the most , just with much more focus on patriotism/nationalism than europe has seen for a long time . 
  closest thing to an exception is the netherlands with wilders , but i ca n't really tell if he 's left or right wing as the only thing he seems to campaign on is no refugees and being willing to leave the eu to do it . 
  that 's an issue that does n't really fall into either the left or right . 
  there may be some actually right wing groups but i do n't know about them . 
  i think it 's important to mention we track unemployment in a pretty retarded fashion here . 
  pretty much everyone uses the statistics for how many people are receiving unemployment benefits , and if you ca n't prove you 're looking for a new job , or stay unemployed for a year you lose those benefits , thus technically lowering the unemployment rate . 
  only because they control opec and if they fuck with oil prices they could destroy the us in a few days . 
  it 's well known they fund fundamentalist mosques across the world . 
  i 'd bet every dollar i got if we just got rid of saudi funding of mosques terror attacks would plummet . 
  that 's what / politics seems to believe . 
  [ the romans had the best shitposting ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/926/744/93f.png ), 
  we truly live in the best timeline . 
  the autistic screeching meme id one of the best memes i 've seen in a long time . 
  it 's better than bane posting . 
  do n't want to get involved with the larger conversation but i can give a quick run down of how the electoral college works . 
  when electing the president each state has electors that make the `` actual '' vote for the president . 
  the number of electors is based mainly on population but also gives the less populous states a few extra electors , the idea being that the large states wo n't be able to trample over the rights of the small states . 
  the people will vote in the state they live in , and the electors make their vote based on who wins in their state . 
  normally it 's winner take all , so if you win by one vote you get all the states electors . 
  some states have laws to enforce this , and it 's argued these are unconstitutional but no one has brought it to the courts yet , while some states encourage splitting their votes . 
  the two biggest problems with the system are that it is first past the post and political minorities in a state do n't see reason to vote . 
  if you were to ask me the best way to improve the us voting system is to get rid of first past the post , and encourage states to split electoral votes . 
  this is only for how we vote the president . 
  for congress it 's a normal vote for all the people competing to be the representative of your area . 
  again first past the post . 
  anyway , that 's how we elect the president . 
  their are plenty of arguments for and against it but , at least for now , it 's the system we use . 
  i want the market to be as free as possible without us going back to the industrial revolution , where you could lose a limb in machinery , and get sewed by the factory owner for the damages to the machine . 
  we have gone long past that point however . 
  i do n't know how it 's going out in europe but here in the us we have goverment interventionalism that destroys small businesses and continuously makes it harder for people to work their way out of poverty for the benefit of the big bankers and corporate elite . 
  the corporatists lobby congress to make it harder to do business in this country , killing off the small stores and workshops left and right , than corporatists can fill the void , getting even closer to having a monopoly . 
  government intervention here has long ago turned from a shield for the working class to a sword for the corporate elite . 
  government is killing competition and consolidating more power to fewer people , allowing the average person to be abused even more . 
  that 's what interventionism is now . 
  how about instead of reading the name of it you do as much as searching it on google . 
  negative income tax is when someone makes less than a specified amount of money they that receiving money instead of having it taken away . 
  it 's more efficient than any other welfare system out there . 
  as for workers rights , i believe people are still responsible for harm caused by their negligence . 
  if the law were to reflect that that that should solve that problem . 
  either you put in effort to prevent harm in the workplace , or if/when someone gets hurt you get your ass hauled to prison for manslaughter . 
  seems functional to me . 
  for you . 
  yes i have been to / pol / . 
  i 'm a frequent lurker . 
  the chans are a unique place in the internet . 
  the nationalist socialists and the communists hate each other . 
  the libertarians and anarchists hate and are hated by both . 
  the trump crowd is hated by all three for not being an extremist . 
  they all think each other idiots but their is always are debating each other . 
  i 've seen more political debate in there than anywhere else online . 
   free market is bad how 's venezuela doing ? 
  but to be serious what alternative is there to a free market ? 
  we have the social democracies , which are mostly free market with high taxes and a lot of social spending . 
  we could go with a plannes economy , but look how that worked . 
  soviet union went broke and collapsed . 
  china went to a mixed model economy to keep the same from happening to them . 
  hell , according to recent defectors north korea has a mixed model economy , just on a much shorter leash than the chinese one . 
  cuba has been okay and stayed a more puritan planned economy , but cuba is a small nation . 
  again venezuela is falling apart . 
  what alternative is there to the free market . 
  and this is before we even consider all the atrocities and famines that happened under regimes authoritarian even to enforce a planned economy . 
  if you were to ask me i think a free market economy , with much less interventionism than we 've seen for a long time , combine with negative income tax , which is a form of universal basic income , is the best way to go . 
  i 'm an american but all across the internet leftists take a shit on anyone who disagrees with them , often with attacks on intelligence . 
  over here all the big leftist protests are from privileged millennials that went to college with their parents money .
