  try eu4 with the `` voltaire 's nightmare '' mod . 
  the mod makes all the states of the hre . 
  as / siderax said , liberalism and progressivism have had there definitions conflated over here . 
  when people say `` liberal '' in the us it 's normally in reference to being `` socially liberal '' which is just progressivism . 
  because free market economics was the standard practice in the us since it 's founding it 's seen as the conservative position to most people , even though we 've had an interventionist system for the better part of a century . 
  the only `` proper liberals '' ( free market and less government ) are the libertarians . 
  yeah we 've had the definitions of words drift quite a bit . 
  as for liberal becoming an insult , i think that 's a fairly recent phenomenon . 
  i think it 's come from the `` social justice warrior '' crap that has in the last couple of years started to leak out of the internet into real life here in the us . 
  as i said earlier , liberal and progressive have been heavily conflated , and `` social justice warriors '' believe themselves to be liberals even though they are primarily progressives . 
  because they call themselves liberal people have associated social justice warrior idiocy with liberalism . 
  at this point it 's in a feedback loop having the association continuously strengthening itself . 
  how we got here with the definitions of words drifting as far as they have is a mystery to me . 
  only answers i 've found start to go into conspiratorial crap . 
  calm down with the neo-roman ambitions son . 
  gaul has nukes now which makes conquest more complicated than it used to . 
  my guess is that it 's interns that do n't give a single fuck . 
  have you ever had the feeling that god got drunk and is just throwing things about just to see what happens ? 
  \\  america within the last century \\  non-interventionist it does n't exist folks, 
  mass immigration lowers wages , which as been a big part of / u/thebiggreengun 's argument . 
  we ( the us ) are having the same problem here where huge numbers of immigrants are lowering the value of labor . 
  in fact we have it worse , because they are illegal immigrants the farms and factories that higher them do n't have to pay them minimum wage . 
  the native population is displaced , ** and ** the illegals that come here are exploited like they are slaves . 
  even in legal immigration we 're having the same problem . 
  h1b visas are meant to be a system where companies can bring in skilled workers that they ca n't find locally , but it has been exploited for a long time . 
  i have heard countless stories where most of a department gets fired , and replaced by immigrants on h1b visa . 
  the remaining half has to train the immigrants ( despite how they 're supposed to already be skilled workers ) , and once that 's done they rest of the native workers get fired . 
  both us and the immigrants are being exploited , but i 've been called a racist xenophobic bigot for saying we need to get it under control . 
  what is so evil about wanting to preserve your culture , if you are n't hurting others ? 
  unless they have the same problem with borderline monopolys like we have here you should be fine . 
  if you have companies that actually compete the second one steps out of line and starts throttling data every other internet provider will make a massive advertising campaign to make sure everyone knows how much of a huge dick their competitor is . 
  of course here the two biggest companies have agreed not to compete so they both can have a monopoly of their own selected regions . 
  quick question . 
  are these numbers the final results or predictions ? 
  i did n't expect le pen to win but from everything i have been looking at i was expecting a much closer result . 
  quick question . 
  is the 65 % i 'm seeing the final number , or a prediction ? 
  i did n't really expect le pen to win but i thought it would be a significantly closer race . 
  small states getting more electors was there for a pretty decent reason . 
  states in the us are comparable to countries in the eu . 
  when we were getting around to becoming a country none of the states wanted to become subjects with no influence in the affairs of the nation at large . 
  this resulted in a lot of fighting between the large and small states . 
  this is also where we got our two houses of congress . 
  this is why in the electoral college the number of electors you get is 80 % population and 20 % based on the number of states . 
  you could argue that as our federal government has become more powerful this has become outdated , but i personally believe the federal government is too involved and power should move back to the states . 
  as for the rest of what you said i agree with you completely . 
  this is the idea i have for making our election system better . 
  first off get rid of first past the post and institute ranked voting for all federal positions . 
  for the presidency and electoral college i suggest that we get rid of the electors and have electoral points instead , and the points get distributed to match the way the state voted . 
  this lets the small states still have influence on the result of who is president , while eliminating the problem of political minorities in states not being compelled to vote . 
  1204 was an inside job . 
  i 'm fairly sure it 's not as malevolent as you think it is . 
  from what i 've seen he 's seems to put a lot more of his money into political activist groups than most other people as wealthy as him . 
  he also is connected to a lot of banks , and everyone loves to rant about how the banks are back . 
  then ... well just look at [ him ] ( http://www.trevorloudon.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/soros-via-progressivestoday.jpg ) . 
  he looks like palpatine from star wars . 
  i 'm sure we both think it 's illogical but there is something in the brain that when you see that perfect caricature of `` evil old guy '' you think `` i should n't trust him '' . 
  as i said it is n't logical but people are rarely logical actors . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's simply because he 's ridiculously rich and openly uses his wealth to influence the political landscape across much of the world , not incoherent raving about jews . 
  i get that she 's trying to eat up some of fillions ' supporters but women your supposed to sound like him not copy him . 
  i think my brain burger got overcooked trying to comprehend just a fraction of that . 
  me being a burger about all i know is hitler and  holy  roman  empire, 
  i do n't think anyone denies that there was russian propaganda spread around . 
  the us is the world superpower . 
  everyone sends propaganda at us . 
  what most people are denying when russia get 's brought up is the retarded conspiracy theory crap that we keep hearing about . 
  there are people who believe during the early days of obama , trump went to a hotel obama stayed in , ordered hookers to piss on the bed obama slept on , get caught doing this by the russian government , through using this as blackmail and offering him a bride that was something close to 0.5 % of the entire russian economy got trump to run for president five years later , so he would lift sanctions on russia that were put in place as a response to the annexation of crimea that would not happen for another three years . 
  alex jones makes more convincing conspiracy theories , and yet i see a bunch of people on reddit seem to believe this shit . 
  people act like it 's a forgone conclusion that trump is a russian puppet , and so is every anti-eu movement . 
  i 'm sure the russians have favored candidates and support them in the hopes that they can sell more oil , but stop with the conspiracy theory bullshit . 
  until the evidence is publicly available i have no reason to believe a word of any of this . 
  while i would say it 's unlikely there is still a noteworthy chance that le pen could somehow win . 
  i 'm giving her a 25 % chance . 
  it will be unexpected but not earth-shattering if she wins . 
  second there could always be a last second shakeup . 
  a last massive scandal in the last week . 
  a major terrorist attack could shake things in le pen 's favor . 
  hell there could just be some good last minute campaigning from her and her supporters . 
  again , it 's unlikely but anything can happen . 
  maybe because right now it 's practically impossible to make a deal with the uk ? 
  right noe they 're still in the eu and we do n't know what the terms of brexxit will be yet so there is no guarantee that it would still be possible . 
  that and without the rise of fascism it is very likely that germany would have fallen to communism . 
  we could argue all day about which is worse , but a communist germany allied with stalin the stuff of nightmares . 
  have a source on that ? 
  i do agree with you completely on us needing election reform , though i would disagree on how to change it . 
  this is the united states . 
  states have a lot of rights , almost like countries in the european union . 
  this makes the question about the electoral college difficult . 
  what i think is the best way to go about this is to have some sort of ranked voting for all federal positions ( federal government ca n't force the states how they elect their local politicians ) . 
  that should greatly change the composition of congress . 
  as for the electoral college i think the best way to go about it is to replace the actual electors with electoral points , and those points will be distributed proportionally to how the people of the state voted . 
  i think that would get rid of the problem of voter suppression in `` decided '' states , while still giving the small states influence in the presidential election . 
  so far trump has been less authoritarian than the last few presidents we 've had . 
  yeah he shouts a lot at the other branches of government , but he is yet to completely step over them . 
  the travel ban is the best example . 
  trump makes the order and the courts stop it . 
  i bet every penny i got obama would go straight to the supreme court and secure more power for the executive branch . 
  trump instead revised the order and it was struck down again , and he still has n't gotten the supreme court involved . 
  this is a healthy balance of power , just with a lot of reality tv drama . 
  with him going after congressmen that are being obstructive it 's the same story .
