  it 's easier than calling non-latinos as `` non-hispanic whites . '', 
  in addition to my earlier comment about turner 's thesis , realize that firing a gun ( at the range , hopefully ) make one feel powerful . 
  carrying one does as well . 
  watch lots of true crime . 
  lol, 
  to avoid getting any trace evidence on it while transporting it . 
  i mean this has to be done carefully . 
  in an area where there would not be any trace evidence . 
  and the person needs to be dressed appropriately - shower cap on hair , clothes to throw out later , etc. 
  i just mentioned the general steps . 
  btw , bleach does not eliminate all traces of blood ; only hydrogen peroxide does that . 
  take a shower before seeing the police ? 
  you need to avoid them for at least 48-72 hours . 
  you are on the right track . 
  the green river killer stopped for years at a time because getting rid of the body , cleaning up took so much time ... 
  it just was n't worth it after like 47 women . 
  hardhome is my choice for the scene in the series , and i do n't usually like fighting/action scenes . 
  for a quieter scene , margaery 's seduction of tommen with ser pounce nearby . 
  comedic , poignant and so ironic in the long term . 
  tommen would have been so happy with her , and she would have so good for the seven kingdoms . 
  i hate to say this , but this sounds like a cautionary tale . 
  nevertheless , august was very brave and self-possed . 
  that 's liz , but not in 1949 , more 1946 , 47 . 
  in ' 49 , she cut her hair in the fashionable short style of the day , and mgm finally developed the famous thick taylor arch to her eyebrows . 
  she had very thick straight eyebrows naturally like emilia clark 's , but they were not fashionable . 
  so , they started shaping her straight brows , trying different styles until they came up with the full arch . 
  a former pet turtle joined a group of turtles producing beautiful knickknacks with their eggs and other found items . 
  our turtle felt very fortunate because it was the only turtle industry nearby . 
  an old turtle , who could no longer produced eggs , managed the process and became her friend . 
  they shared everything . 
  our turtle was happy the boss liked her , especially because she knew her way around , not ever having been a pet . 
  our turtle gave the boss turtle her eggs which the latter put in beautiful arrangements . 
  a big frog took over turtle inc. and began auditing the eggs , some of which were subpar . 
  the boss turtle used all the subpar eggs her friends laid and attributed them to our turtle . 
  big frog fired our turtle for the inferior quality of her work . 
  lesson : do n't trust anyone at work , especially with your work product . 
  i have given this some thought . 
  asshai probably stems from a mythological city . 
  a good candidate is [ scholomance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scholomance ) . 
  excerpts from wikipedia detailed below . 
   the scholomance was a fabled school of black magic run by the devil , supposedly located near an unnamed lake in the mountains south of the city of hermannstadt in transylvania . 
   where all the secrets of nature , the language of animals , and all imaginable magic spells and charms are taught by the devil in person . 
  only ten scholars matriculate at a time . 
  after finishing the courses , nine sorcerers return to their homes ; the tenth remains with the devil as payment . 
  he is mounted on a zmeju ( dragon ) and becomes the devil 's aide-de-camp . 
   the small lake , immeasurably deep , high up among the mountains , supposedly holds the cauldron used to create thunder . 
  in fair weather the dragon sleeps beneath its waters . 
   the nine remaining sorcerers , known as solomonari , are `` tall , redheaded men clad in white wool ... [ possessing ] several instruments of magic and a book of instruction . '', 
  other cities may apply as well . 
  me , too . 
  considering the map has carcosa on it !, 
  and tyrion looks up with his trademarked awe gaze . 
  calligraphy . 
  very true , unless you get a top score , it 's held against you . 
  tailoring is key . 
  you need darts on everything or else you look blousy . 
  also , undergarments are essential . 
  so many great quiet scenes . 
  melisandre 's old lady reveal and her loss of faith . 
  melisadre attempts to resurrect john and thinks she failed . 
  jon 's resurrection . 
  jon reuniting with sansa . 
  jaime and brienne waving goodbye . 
  everyone being rude to cersei ; cersei 's militaristic crowning as queen . 
  tormund making eyes at brienne . 
  and best ... the first interview with little lady mormont . 
  that 's a reasonable interpretation . 
   the edric storm and gendry theories are interesting . 
  what a twist , if danaerys goes down in flames after all this , and we end up with a baratheon back on the throne . 
  i agree with this . 
  jon may not have an interest in iron throne , and we think dany dies beyond the wall . 
  so , that leaves gendry as the next heir to the throne . 
  someone can legitimize him , if necessary . 
  there was a bit of foreshadowing in one the earlier seasons . 
  something along the lines of gendry telling arya , `` you will be my lady . '', 
  she then disappeared like a preteen with a crush . 
  ( she is quite upset about gendry 's being sold to melisandre . ), 
  me , too . 
  would n't want another birth to happen there . 
  i agree , after looking at the photos and realizing that it is n't snowing now , i think the site will represent the reach being looted by the lannisters/tarlys . 
  highgarden ( the castle ) is probably that castle aldo-whatever in spain . 
  asshai -- there 's not much about it in the books , but it seems to permeate certain aspects of the story . 
  moreover , it would be interesting to research grrm 's inspiration for the city . 
  one aspect of asshai is that many go there to learn magic . 
  here 's a good candidate for that : scholomance . 
  excerpts from wikipedia detailed below . 
   the scholomance was a fabled school of black magic run by the devil , supposedly located near an unnamed lake in the mountains south of the city of hermannstadt in transylvania . 
   where all the secrets of nature , the language of animals , and all imaginable magic spells and charms are taught by the devil in person . 
  only ten scholars matriculate at a time . 
  after finishing the courses , nine sorcerers return to their homes ; the tenth remains with the devil as payment . 
  he is mounted on a zmeju ( dragon ) and becomes the devil 's aide-de-camp . 
   the small lake , immeasurably deep , high up among the mountains , supposedly holds the cauldron used to create thunder . 
  in fair weather the dragon sleeps beneath its waters . 
   the nine remaining sorcerers , known as solomonari , are `` tall , redheaded men clad in white wool ... [ possessing ] several instruments of magic and a book of instruction . '', 
  other characteristics include a formerly large , now depopulated city , devoted to religion - imagine dark age rome . 
  the polluted river with deformed fish has to come from somewhere the corpse city - again , what other locations inspired it . 
  the creepy black stones , no children , the grim countenance of the citizens , a place so poisoned it has import food and water . 
  imho , asshai is an amalgamation of several cities from the distant and recent past , as well as fictitious places . 
  have you thought of working on your image ? 
  do you look and act like someone other people would find interesting ?
