  get him spayed !, 
  they always judge - lock that door !, 
  put her outside !, 
  get some dried , natural-healthy , cat food . 
  the felines do n't like it . 
  but , put it in a bowl and it is always available . 
  he is protecting you , you nitwit . 
  she trained you . 
  learn to handle your lizard . 
  lizards are intelligent and can figure out what you like and do n't like . 
  pet door ? 
  let them . 
  they are protecting your house . 
  have you considered ear plugs ? 
  dogs will be dogs . 
  start put out dried dog food , available all the time , when they 'll get hungry enough , they will eat it . 
  have you checked his butt ? 
  maybe there is a problem . 
  they only bit because they love you . 
  tell people the leather work was done by teeth . 
  an effective alarm clock ; a well-trained dog . 
  stop following him . 
  he 'll get to the food bowl when he 's hungry enough . 
  is it a pug ? 
  you need to learn how to express them . 
  mine does , too . 
  i am relaxed about it . 
  dominance move no his part , reburne37 you are his bitch . 
  so funny , keep the baby wipes where he ca n't get to them . 
  this is called `` missile-ling . '', 
  yep . 
  they do it . 
  pugs do this because they are proud about what they have done . 
  she 's smarter than you . 
  no respect for you , you are not alpha in your pack . 
  dominance gesture - break them apart and punish the aggressor . 
  i just installed a doggie door - do n't give my dog any ideas . 
  no one respects you there , establish dominance . 
  google is your friend . 
  do n't let her into your room - show her the broken bric-a-brac and , then , out she goes . 
  it was a 1984 reference , sorry if i offended you . 
  here 's my two cents , fwiw . 
  first , do not let anger ( no matter how justified ) cloud your judgment . 
  make this decision coldly . 
  a few points -, 
  -- they do n't respect you . 
  you have put in too much effort to keep the job , and this implies you do n't have other options . 
  they can do as they please . 
  -- you do n't have an influential champion to say -- `` hey sadlikevivi is worth keeping , look how well she reacted to the layoffs . '', 
  -- you are going to need their references so keep that always in mind . 
  -- i agree that you should take the new contract job and do the minimum to train your replacement . 
  but enough so that you do n't get accused of sabotage . 
  `` yeah , sadlikevivi was upset she did n't get what she wanted , and she has n't trained the troglodyte we hired to replace her . '', 
  -- look for another job . 
  if you find one in the next three months - even a contract position - your negotiating stance improves enormously . 
  -- do n't forget management has the power and truth is a function of power . 
  their story will be the one others will find credible and rely on . 
  -- when you quit , say , that you wanted to try something new . 
  no more explanation - your bosses will know exactly why . 
  chin up and do n't give up . 
  and what are the israelis doing ? 
  edit : `` i am not anti-semitic and a supporter of israel . 
  i just thought that if the us has 1000 spies , the mossad must have many , too . 
  probably three times as many the israeli olympic team . 
  please stop downvoting the comment , readers are misinterpreting it and attracting the worst . '', 
  the war on drugs . 
  how european immigrants were actually treated upon arrival . 
  what the old south was like . 
  it was very nice . 
  i am not anti-semitic and a supporter of israel . 
  i just thought that if the us has 1000 spies , the mossad must have many , too . 
  probably three times as many the israeli olympic team . 
  please stop downvoting the comment , readers are misinterpreting it and attracting the worst types . 
  this story makes the australians and their snorkels look like snowflakes . 
  a very lovely ceremony , a beautiful torch . 
  one of the athletes said that with all video projections , it felt like being inside a video game . 
  i like the quiet moments , giselle doing her best catwalk to `` girl from ipanema , '' an old man singing the national anthem on a classical guitar . 
  did the catholics or the lutherans build the berlin cathedral ? 
  only pertinent comment on this thread . 
  although , i love the witty anti-nazi remarks . 
  thanks -- does n't look lutheran . 
  from the guardian . 
  the sobering report from the dutch media is that annemiek van vleuten is in intensive care with concussion three fractures to her spine after her terrible fall in the women 's road race final . 
  horrendous . 
   from the guardian . 
   the sobering report from the dutch media is that annemiek van vleuten is in intensive care with concussion three fractures to her spine after her terrible fall in the women 's road race final . 
  horrendous . 
  meant to put it here . 
  there are conflicting reports now - the first was from 43 minutes ago , and 13 minutes ago the cycling association tweeted that her condition was not serious . 
  maybe we need to wait . 
  i think she foresaw her own death , on the show at least . 
  she appears to be so afraid when she talks to arya . 
  [ arya melisandre meeting ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kc7oe7e08pu ), 
  floridian here , can confirm . 
  that area is still very frightening . 
  all the interior of florida is south of orlando . 
  you start unemployment benefits after the severance expires , i. . e. , in two months . 
  do n't worry about that !, 
  they are n't offering much for 8 to 10 years , btw , i would take the lower position . 
  see how they react .
