  dangerous work , especially in stilettos . 
  ca n't wait for the first white supremacist , referring to the rape , to say `` when trump is president , they let you do it . '', 
  anna wintour , editor of vogue , is sister to one of the guardians top journalists . 
  her father owned a newspaper in england that was socially progressive . 
  she is very rich , very privileged and politically liberal . 
  resorting to several lines of bolded text is akin to going all caps . 
  how can we be having this discussion ? 
  it reveals the corruption of media , willing to air counternarratives , like `` he was trying to secure peace in syria , '' to muddy the waters . 
  yea , kushner 's little back channel plan , and trump 's actions favoring russia against nato have shaken many people . 
  as if firing the fbi director was n't enough . 
  maybe people were in denial about that , but this last week makes an innocent explanation challenging . 
  love shirer 's `` nightmare years '' about his time in nazi germany as a reporter in 1930s . 
  incisive reporting of living in that state at that point . 
  i love it !, 
  no one is doing wat you allege . 
  you 've charged people with honest disagreement on issues and changed to having them physically marking people . 
  you do this to escalate and justify your argument . 
  you are lying or paranoid . 
  the cynic in me goes with lying so to make a better emotional appeal to your audience . 
  but , not here dear , is that clear dear . 
  some of them want a race war ; some want genocide . 
  not all . 
  most of them can barely draw a swastika accurately . 
  the real nazis should sue for copyright infringement . 
  are you threatening violence ? 
  no , he 's not nazi . 
  here are a few reasons :, 
  -- chances are he can not draw a nazi swastika accurately . 
  -- nazism encompassed an ethos and aesthetic of well-tailored clothes . 
  willing to bet he does not do this nor care . 
  please do n't confuse real nazis with this rabble . 
  although they are a threat to civilized society . 
  it 's koa feef , last e silent . 
  obscure frenc phrase one yells out randomly after a frenchman crushes your knuckles . 
  say what you will about dubya and jeb , both married for love . 
  jeb entered a real estate office , saw columba and was hit by the thunderbolt . 
  learned spanish , converted to catholicism , etc. 
  dubya married a spinster librarian from a small texa town . 
  they met at a party given by friends to introduce them . 
  considering the wealth both came from , they married women outside their social class , neither a trophy wife . 
  mango flies should be extinct !, 
  jon touching the skull and looking away from the others may symbolize his preoccupation with other matters , the undead , and threat of the night king . 
  jamie is looking at cersei strangely and flexing his hand as if he is preparing to grasp something . 
  dany is standing and looking straight ahead . 
  wearing green , symbolizing envy/hope . 
  i believe she determined to achieve her goal . 
  tyrion is also looking away and not looking at dany . 
  he 's tightening his tie . 
  is he looking at cersei ? 
  the hourglass means time is running out . 
  the dagger indicates betrayal by someone at the table . 
  no one is looking at it . 
  cersei is in purple , a color often associated with royalty . 
  she looks at the camera , serenely confident and disinterested in jamie and tyrion . 
  the dog looking at cersei represents the hound ( arya 's sidekick ) . 
  the dog stares at her intently , as though waiting for the right time . 
  the dog is below the hourglass . 
   pomegranate . 
  it 's all broken and spilled . 
  because a pomegranate is a symbol of fertility , this could represent cersei 's miscarriage . 
  sophie 's apple is green , symbolizing envy . 
  maybe she gave in to littlefingers machinations . 
  there is a dwarf . 
  because jaime is flexing his hand , he is staring at cersei and wants to grab something . 
  look at his expression . 
  sansa took a bite off the apple , meaning succumbed to some temptation . 
  pomegranate symbolizes fertility ; this could symbolize a miscarriage . 
  maise as two flowers , one unopened . 
  she is in the process of blooming . 
  not an empty threat to trump . 
  wan na bet he was supported/indoctrinated by moscow . 
  the russians know trump was humiliated by macron . 
  this is a feel good moment for mr. trump . 
  sawyer and every character in lost . 
  i have a taxi cab , if you need it . 
  regarding palace intrigue stories, 
  read sarah kendizor 's warnings on https://sarahkendzior.com/, 
  or follow her on twitter at @sarakendizor, 
  she explains how much of this is a sham and distraction . 
  fun to read , though . 
  eric is fredo ? 
  true . 
  imagine this is one reason putin feels this is payback . 
  probably . 
  + take another run at healthcare . 
  `` my tree fredos . '', 
  see old-time sitcom here . 
  hai part works , but zor part needs more research, 
  there are no pugs in westeros . 
  the kingdom 's history does not allow it to happen ; op 's photo is a delusion of a got-deprived fan , who owns a pug . 
  pugs originated in tibet , made their way to china and then france , as a gift from the emperor of china to louis xiv ( sun king ) ; they quickly became widespread among the aristocracy as lap dogs . 
  no similar legend in westeros or essos . 
  if pugs do exist , they must come from asshai , have dark powers , serve the great other , refuse to be house-trained and cause havoc while being unbearably cute . 
  this is how those insidious cuties infiltrate castles , allowing the white walkers to enter smoothly . 
  but , this is only a non-canon legend . 
  otherwise , no pugs in westeros and no pug wights . 
  otherwise , margery would most certainly have had a pug and oleanna , too . 
  typical pug owners . 
  love the good life & have servants to clean up after the little devils . 
  indeed , comey is an american hero .
