  you are spinning preposterous yarns , building strawmen . 
  please read up on the subject to discuss intelligently . 
  do you have an agenda ? 
  one has to admire the stage management of this little theatrical scene . 
  i think that 's because it would open pandora 's box . 
  after they start questioning the obama officials , the democrats can ask other questions and it will come out in the open . 
  yes , it was a non-denial denial . 
  `` no reason to believe ... '' vs. `` the president is not the target of an investigation . '', 
  note : was n't the statement `` i have no reason to believe ... '', 
  carter page sounds scared . 
  but , he 's appears conflicted . 
  he wants immunity but ca n't ask for it . 
  he 's hoping someone offers . 
  maybe he ca n't risk asking and being turned down ? 
  hey , donnie , keep insulting everyone . 
  makes them think of you . 
  consider it as `` share of mind . '', 
  have an upvote , love canary in coal mine analogy . 
  yep , prez t would rather not do health care reform . 
  it 's hard . 
  ca n't be explained in 140 characters or less . 
  sean hannity -- a tool that needs to be booted off air - simply laid the groundwork among trump 's followers for this move . 
  we are getting rid of obama saboteurs , not firing the guy ( in manhattan ) that will prosecute us . 
  thank you , so many of us do n't do a deep dive in that sewer . 
  yes , i know they prepared their base for this . 
  fear-mongering , arm-twisting weird vampire-like creature . 
  fear-mongering to reluctant republicans in congress . 
   socially transmitted mental disease . 
  upvote for great diagnosis . 
  need to include in next dsm . 
  yep , why are they lying about meeting the russian ambassador ? 
  they probably met with other diplomats , particularly in the side event to the gop convention . 
  note : did the russian ambassador meet with everyone ? 
  he never met with me . 
  feeling left out . 
  talk about whitewashing !, 
  cuban from sfl : second-generation cubans vote democratic or based on personalities . 
  the days of a straight republican ticket around the mid-90s . 
   it 's not that hard to see why many republicans felt that things had turned in their favor when it comes to hispanics and that gop fortunes looked good for years to come . 
   but then along came obama on one side , and then the tea party on the other . 
  bingo , we have a winner !, 
  not really . 
  many hispanics work industries where undocumented workers lower the average wage . 
  they see it every day . 
  especially in construction . 
  yeah ... it 's creepier . 
  ever visit the churches ? 
  omg statues drenched in blood . 
  supposedly living saints in glass coffins . 
  statues with magical powers , even though the historical record shows they were carved in the 17th century . 
  an overwhelming amount of religious paraphernalia ; rosaries , scapulars , medals ( miraculous or not ) , sented rosary beads , relics that ca n't possibly be real , holy cards , churches with over 100 different statues , votives , novennas , different masses , etc. 
  i think that trump called to smooth things over . 
  still , it 's very odd that white house chose to fire all 46 at the same time without replacements . 
  makes one wonder if one the 46 attorneys was dangerous and this was an opaque way of eliminating him/her . 
  of course , bharara jurisdiction and reputation are interesting . 
  i agree with you ; the white house cherry-picked 2005 returns because they were from the cleanest , most recent year available . 
  * 2005 was before he got into russian money big time . 
  * and , where he showed a reasonable payment due to alternative minimum tax . 
  * only the 1040 form was released , not sub-schedules , where the details could provide real leads for additional investigation . 
  the tax returns are big red herring , imho . 
  many off-the-books transactions would not show up on a tax return . 
  that is what off-shore bank accounts , shell companies , and trusts are for . 
  how about a successful distraction . 
  totally . 
  i am afraid so . 
  or maybe seeing what happened to bharara , comey wants to keep his job ? 
  trump loyalists are projecting their wishes/actions on career civil servants . 
   i find it much easier to believe that they 're easily duped morons than that they 're successful highly-effective sleeper agents . 
  maybe , but what if you factor `` easily duped morons '' with a big $ $ $ payment ? 
  they may still not be capable fsb assets , but they would be willing to commit treason . 
  my fave theory ( at this time ) is the prospect of $ billions + chance to push their racist/xenophobic / agenda . 
  not mention giving cover for right-wing republicans pushing a `` back to the past '' economic policy . 
   you already have people celebrating, 
  they are celebrating there 's official confirmation of an investigation into treason , bribery , and abuse of power . 
  it 's still early and a week is a lifetime in politics . 
  there is a precedent for this . 
  during cold war , us govt . 
  would flag publications as sponsored by the ussr . 
  the russians were distributing a time magazine look-a-like that parrotted their propaganda . 
  each issue contained a note that the russian version was not to be trusted . 
  source : saw the back issues myself in the stacks of my college library . 
  i did n't need the russians to know the dnc was crooked . 
  during the fl primary , votes in dade , broward , and palm beach were counted by 9 or 10 pm . 
  no way that happens naturally . 
  especially dade , where they do n't stop counting down ballot races for several days . 
  even mitt romney conceded fl even though dade had not finished counting . 
   from obama taking their guns , immigrants taking their jobs , blacks taking their women - history is full of gullible , dumb , uneducated white men getting angry at everything except what is actually a threat to them . 
   trump is a culmination of forty years of work and planning . 
  a manifestation of their efforts . 
  a bombastic , inflammatory , divisive , and ultimately hollow puppet . 
   every moment that he exists in the office makes them more powerful . 
  gives them more leverage , more opportunity to grow and consolidate power and territory . 
  well-said , have an upvote . 
  yes . 
  very accurate . 
  thinking the same thing . 
  the story is made-up . 
  i was thinking the final big bad reveal , after trump and bannon , is putin . 
  new name is kittenfeed . 
  http://www.kittenfeed.com/ is down .
