  die thou , unsung , as tears unshed, 
  shall dry and die in lost carcosa . 
  -- `` cassilda 's song '' in the king in yellow act 1 , scene 2, 
  pussy galore , honey ryder , kissy suzuki , holly goodhead , plenty o'toole , mary goodnight -- in fact , many of the early ian fleming names were double-entendres . 
  of course , these are character names . 
  little known fact - pussy galore was the actual working name of a madam that ran a brothel in florida . 
  i quit on jan 1 , 2014 - after 35 years of smoking . 
  the first two months were terrible - did n't do anything other than not smoke . 
  now , i do n't miss them . 
  i still worry everyday about all the health risks i accumulated , that are simply not going away . 
  still better than smoking --, 
  stop smoking and stay quit - as soon as possible . 
  the younger the better . 
  from casablanca -- whenever , some asshole tries to start a conversation with me with `` you probably think that i am < insert random euphemism for asshole  '' response `` if i thought about you i suppose i would . 
  my favorite is to cut the person -- no eye contact , nothing - if possible request some authority that this person no longer speak to me again . 
  i was really nervous , about doing it right . 
  i read a few cosmo advice type stuff and when for it . 
  i am a really good kisser now . 
  datalounge - it 's gay anonymous board , but lot 's of heteros there too . 
  `` tell me about yourself . '', 
  now move the conversation to childhood - look for areas of vulnerability - empathize . 
  share a vulnerability of your own - see how they react --, 
  now , say something witty to lighten the mood . 
  move to fun areas of their lives . 
  my sister has recently complained that she had to clean her contact lenses instead of disposing them . 
  agreed - `` europe 's last summer '' breaks new ground , in my mind . 
  i agree . 
  there 's more out there . 
  ghana just got it 's first patient and the man had just come across the border from burkina faso !, 
  sorry - scary times . 
  isis - by far the most dangerous and an affront to humanity . 
  yep -- these `` thought leadership '' articles are all publicity related . 
  i do n't know why were are paying attention to this woman . 
  the eu and euro ( aka a banking cartel ) have made germany into a massive , bullying collection agency . 
  they install technocrats to prevent default ( banks losing their money ) in small , vulnerable countries - greece , hey , even italy - completely ignoring election results . 
  other countries they simply bully into accepting onerous terms so no banker loses a cent . 
  they extract the money from the population , but do n't touch the local elites who stole quite a bit . 
  sorry for rant , but the woman preaching to putin - pot calling kettle black . 
  outside of atlanta , ga is * deliverance * country, 
  it does n't have to -- that is so mid-20th century, 
   errrr ... those countries do n't want to default . 
  because than after the default , they would need loans to function and no one would want to give it to them . 
  default worked well for iceland . 
  if greece could default it 's currency would devalue and allow it to compete more effectively . 
   completely ignoring election results . 
  italy ? 
   they do n't `` bully '' - countries can just not take the money . 
  honestly , since when are irresponsible countries owed some blank check ? 
  why should anyone be expected to lend money that wo n't be paid back ? 
  depends on what you call countries - the money was lent to the elite ; however the population as a whole is paying it back . 
  i was reading the web site and thought it was very simplistic and i know nothing about hacking . 
  do n't understand the allure of doxing , either . 
  but , what about the other way around -- you know someone name , address and phone # and wish to know their user id for posting on different websites ? 
  i am not sure i understand what a pentest is . 
  here 's the situation - my dad cheated on my mom like all the time . 
  she did n't figure it out until he died after 20 years of marriage . 
  there was no money for her or her kids - literally spent it all on wine , women and song . 
  so , i have always been hyper-vigilant about my sos . 
  the last one used the same user name everywhere and it really helped at one point cause i searched for it on a web site i knew he posted to and found a really sweet post about me during a time i thought he was angry at me . 
  ( yes , i am paranoid ), 
  my current boyfriend - we do n't live together and i do n't know where he posts . 
  i would like to know before i commit that he 's not posting to grindr or something . 
  but , i do n't know his user name ( s ) nor do i have access to his computer . 
  lozenges helped . 
  no never admit guilt . 
  ever . 
  even in a traffic stop , when they ask if you know what you did - feign ignorance . 
  yes !, 
  actually , it is controlled in nigeria and guinea ; not sure about sierra leone - out of control in liberia . 
  very sad , thinking how poor and devastated this people are . 
  yes, 
  totally old school cool - looks better than most movie stars and was actually reporting the war from london for cbs at the time . 
  had a real job -- `` this is edward r murrow from london . '', 
  rocks the fedora and trench - not the black ( dark ) leather gloves . 
  total badass - no one else could pull off the shorts . 
  the car !, 
  absolutely correct - right on . 
  second this --, 
  let 's hope not - but , i agree with you, 
  this is for internal consumption -- so russians do n't get scared about his adventurist foreign policy . 
  i love pics of liz horsing around -- there 's a whole set of them with james dean and rock hudson on the set of giant , and with monty on the set of place in the sun . 
  yes , at this point the royal family are like the disney characters in disneyland that wave to crowd and participate in the main street parades . 
  very important component . 
  lovely lady , though - great constitutional monarch and leader . 
  awesome , great find !, 
  this !, 
  they ( we ) do n't know how active normal people are and think that watching tv all day is normal . 
  well -- so many health care workers have died that i 'd chase them off , too !, 
  they could easily contaminate me . 
  totally agree - the germans are now basically a collection agency , worried more about unpaid bank loans than wars of aggression . 
  that is role ( and expense ) of the americans and the brits . 
  the afghan mission was a response to the taliban 's sponsorship of an terrorist attack on a nato member - the us . 
  the self-defense clause was invoked ; but germany did little , badly and late . 
  as far as ukr is concerned , i do n't see it as that distant on map . 
  seems more like germany is counting on refuge under america 's nuclear umbrella than anything else . 
  totally cool - some thing in the way he walks , just an ease with himself . 
  always gorgeous - she would have been 39 here ; looks older by our standards . 
  loved the song . 
  i agree with you - the best volume is their finest hour ( 1949 ) in the 6 book hard cover edition - or alone or commonwealth alone in the other editions . 
  speaking of the summer of 1940 , he stated ( i am paraphrasing ) - `` it was a good time to live or die '',
