  we all want it to be ray 's kid . 
  none at all ( i assume you mean ray ) . 
  the ex-wife is just being vindictive to further destroy the relationship with his son . 
  a cool father/son interchange -, 
  chad - mom just told me a serial rapist was my dad . 
  ray - the rapist is not your dad , i am the one who raised you as my own knowing you probably were n't, 
  chad - i love you dad . 
  or - scary one, 
  chad - mom just told me a serial rapist is my real dad . 
  ray - i 'm sorry , she should n't have . 
  chad - it explains so much !, 
  ray - your red hair ? 
  chad - no my rape fantasies , especially of mom . 
  ray - you have fight those , ask your mom to take to a doctor . 
  asap !, 
  just ropes made to look sinister . 
  i do n't see the felix inscription . 
  still do n't see it -- do you have a lighter image . 
  wow - great eye . 
  mindboggling is n't it . 
  i know the european theatre is responsible for about 40 million . 
  that means the pacific accounts for 20 million - mostly in china , i guess . 
  i guess we understand a little of the background to dropping the a-bomb on japan from this factoid . 
  yes - this ended the wiggle dress and walk . 
  women used to practice walking while swaying their hips - but you need a very tight dress or long full skirt for it to look right . 
  the new fashions were so revealing that hip swaying was `` too much . '', 
  mob ? 
  agree , in part . 
  however , very talented students in liberal arts should get scholarships . 
  i think more scholarships for stem , period , than for other disciplines . 
  for the lacey lindley character - how about lindsay lohan ? 
  i do n't understand what you said - perhaps you may want to take a few english courses . 
  i know that -- unlike most americans , i know that the soviet union defeated hitler . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/yourusernamehere, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/tierras _ ignoradas, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/tierras _ ignoradas, 
  does the gpa - 3.7 mean you graduated with honors or something . 
  if so , mention the honor . 
  if not , after the master info - field of study , university , year , add `` graduated with 3.7 gpa . '', 
  no one will ask about the undergraduate , trust me . 
  oh -- did n't get it . 
  maybe because i did n't hear the delivery . 
  completely agree -- the better wording should be something along - `` the soviet union lost 27 million people repelling the nazi invasion and defeating germany '', 
  just a badly written statement that implies russia sacrificed non-ethnic russians to win wwii . 
  thank god !, 
  no reason to arm neo-nazis . 
  `` in seem almost like little mini episodes that exist outside of the show . '', 
  frank and his wife exist in their own show . 
  like betty existed in her own show in mad men . 
  it may end up being the cult season . 
  anybody got a picture of the dog ? 
  i want to adopt her and her pups !, 
  he 's lying - notice how his eyes move ... 
  i ca n't imagine anyone other than colin ferrell or rachel mcaddams as their respective characters . 
  i feel a younger danny devito as frank would have been awesome . 
  the paul character , a great many actors could do it . 
  however , it 's a major star turn for taylor . 
  he ca n't understand it , so he puts it down ; refuses to argue because he has not points to make . 
  maybe ray wo n't believe him , but leave it at that . 
  he works for frank now , needs money for the custody hearing , just lets frank know that he knows . 
  the pan american games are like the summer olympics but just for countries in the western hemisphere . 
  they occur every four years , different cities host them , they have medals , opening / closing ceremonies . 
  why you never heard of them ? 
  they 're totally uncompetitive . 
  the usa steamrolls every other country in medals and tournaments . 
  oh ... and puerto rico competes under its own flag , as well . 
  presumably , so the us can grab a few extra medals . 
  it 's a relic of the cold war . 
  the second in most medals - about half as many as the us , but more than brazil or mexico , is cuba . 
  i agree , noir has nothing on southern gothic . 
  not only the art direction , but the names and flavor , as well . 
  i read a short story by flannery o'connor . 
  it started as a typical story of family sunday drive with a very miserable , hyper-critical grandmother . 
  they get stopped by an escaped murderer who murders the entire family one-by-one . 
  the grandmother sort of positions herself to be the last one , hoping to survive . 
  at the end , the grandmother looks at the killer and feels like he could be her son - meaning they are just the same . 
  then he kills her and takes their car and calmly goes on his way . 
  the whole story was so riveting . 
  just another dude making eye contact with paul . 
  ani would have recognized her . 
  * a good man is hard to find * ( short story ) ; it 's a little different than i remembered it . 
  essentially the same . 
  the final scene is controversial . 
  oh , we 're definitely not in kansas - i mean beverly hills 90210 - anymore . 
  i love noir , too . 
  ca n't blame them - after munich , it 's hard to be trusting and a believer . 
  no , the bar is ray 's place . 
  it 's where he meets his only acquaintance frank , then ani goes there to find him , where the waitress cares about him , where he dreams of when he 's unconscious . 
  it 's a reflection of his mental state . 
  you hit the nail on the head -- the victim is so unsympathetic . 
  lol --, 
  it 's a phrase from machado 's adelfos, 
  es una flor que nace en tierras ignoradas, 
  she 's a dark horse ... reason to hate he father and brother . 
  well -- a dark bird . 
  no - the munich agreement , the craven appeasement by neville chamberlain to adolf hitler which partitioned gave the latter the czech side of czecho-slovakia . 
  hitler just absorbed slovakian part the following year . 
  i think ani is very sexy -- but i agree with statement . 
  she 's not beautiful in an adult business sort of way . 
  different standards - like supermodels are not beautiful like miss america contestants .
