  what was the fire in drogon 's eye ? 
  can someone get a screen cap ? 
  yes , true . 
  but still ... 
  the eye changed from the red eyes with slit pupils right before . 
  what was the fire in drogon 's eye ? 
  can someone get a screen cap ? 
  not about parenting, 
  drogon 's eye changed from the red eyes with slit pupils right before . 
  what was the fire in drogon 's eye ? 
  can someone get a screen cap ? 
  true !, 
  thanks , it appears to be a fiery iris around a slit pupil . 
  the red iris gone . 
  must be he recognizes jon as a t. 
   i 'm skeptical about the more `` salacious '' stuff , but it 's likely that trump has given the russians plenty of dirt over the decades . 
  do n't be . 
  the salacious stuff involves underage girls and abuse . 
  at least as reported in europe . 
  real kompromat is rumored to be worse than any sex tape . 
  it 's trump agreeing to something colloquially called treason , but does n't reach legal threshold . 
  essentially , trump offered to change multiple us foreign policy stances in exchange for money . 
  jon will do it when he bends the knee . 
  that appears to be an unconfirmed rumor . 
  afaik , trump was caught discussing his transaction with russian agents who were being monitored by multiple western spy agencies . 
  your next question . 
  well , the fbi counter intel is one , right ? 
  not necessarily . 
  it appears to be uk & germany . 
  of course , i presume the russians have their own recordings as well . 
  i see your point completely . 
  i gather information from publications and writers i trust . 
  * the best assessment published so far posits * there is no smoking gun * in the hands of the west . 
  * the us was completely taken by surprise despite it happening under its very nose . 
  * other western intelligence agencies picked up signals in the course of other activities . 
  * when everything is put together , the collusion is there . 
  but , the evidence is circumstantial , and because treason is based on intent and state of relations with the other country , what trump did is more like a bribe . 
  * regarding sex tapes , trump engaged in sex tourism in many places and he was taped there . 
  so several countries have tapes , including australia . 
  if western intelligence gathered snips and pieces , then it is obvious putin has everything in a neat bow somewhere . 
  re : mueller and trump ; it will take at least a year to put together a case this complex and circumstantial . 
  trump as no incentive to leave before he needs to . 
  he is far safer as president . 
  any other declarations are just click bait . 
  what i know :, 
  1 / two recordings , one in moscow and another in st. petersburg, 
  2 / the sexual acts depicted are considered illegal under moscow law . 
  3 / age of consent in moscow is 15, 
  russia is not the only country w/compromising material on trump . 
  mr. trump is a wealthy man who travels widely and engages in sex tourism . 
  many govts track these activities and have tapes too ; e.g. 
  australia . 
  putin uses high-definition digital cameras . 
  only the best for the fsb ( new kgb ), 
  for the moscow event there is an american witness to a commotion involving trump , some russians and girls . 
  not clear exactly how this occurred , but `` the activity '' spilled out into the common areas . 
  an american witnessed that part of it . 
  melissandre plays a decisive role in defeating the night king . 
  he represents the great other in battle w/r ` hilor . 
  jon needs her help to destroy the night king . 
  mel probably perishes in the confrontation . 
  remember she started getting cold and needed to wear furs ; was uncertain when resurrecting jon , to the point of asking please ; didnt give any prediction about the battle of the bastards and looked dishelved . 
  all changed when she was looking down on winterfell . 
  depressing though the leaks are , they seem comprehensive . 
  * everyone dying in a wildfire explosion could simply be a d&d timesaver . 
  in the books the characters could die separately . 
  * valonqar prophecy is gender neutral . 
  can be both little brother or little sister . 
  arya is cersei 's little sister-in-law thru sansa 's & tyrion 's marriage in s 4 . 
  * the 3 year jump makes sense to me , in general . 
  basically , jon & dany 's baby on the throne , and good people leadin the 7 kingdoms . 
  * bran becomes the next night king b/c the duel between r'llor and great other is eternal . 
  and the cycle begins again . 
  * in the books , euron 's role in the endgame would be greatly expanded . 
  for example , it makes complete sense that he would hire a faceless man to kill cersei . 
  teon & yara would probably die and the ironborn would elect another leader . 
  * and , euron would commit atrocities . 
  desecrating daenerys ' corpse seems likely . 
  another example , after cleganebowl , he executes the hound with fire . 
  euron could use a kraken or two to kill off a dragon . 
  * this leak seems like a rushed ending that ties up all the loose ends . 
  with different characters executing key plot points . 
  for example , jon maybe the one to kill daenerys and become azor ahai , but in a rushed ending he is somewhere else . 
  or yara as leader of the ironborn because there is no time to show good leader emerge and be elected in the pike . 
  if the leaks prove to be true , i will not watch season 8 . 
  very pretty . 
  you realize one does not dance ballet in heels . 
  but , then again the movie 's plot involved liz having trouble finding a boyfriend . 
   depressing though the leaks are , they seem comprehensive . 
   everyone dying in a wildfire explosion could simply be a d&d timesaver . 
  in the books the characters could die separately . 
   valonqar prophecy is gender neutral . 
  can be both little brother or little sister . 
  arya is cersei 's little sister-in-law thru sansa 's & tyrion 's marriage in s 4 . 
   the 3 year jump makes sense to me , in general . 
  basically , jon & dany 's baby on the throne , and good people leadin the 7 kingdoms . 
   bran becomes the next night king b/c the duel between r'llor and great other is eternal . 
  and the cycle begins again . 
   in the books , euron 's role in the endgame would be greatly expanded . 
  for example , it makes complete sense that he would hire a faceless man to kill cersei .
