  this is great - let it age ( distress ) naturally . 
  in 1960 , mayor daley held back the votes from chicago , until all the rest of illinois had reported ( they were conservative then and nixon took those counties . ), 
  when daley saw nixon 's vote count , he turned in cook county 's vote . 
  just enough votes to win !, 
  it was something of scandal back then . 
  the big northern cities have a history doing this . 
  do n't count on wayne county to turn in the votes until they know how many they need to put hillary over the top . 
  or , whether they ca n't turn in enough votes to put her over the top . 
  old story . 
  what he 's saying makes no sense . 
  ** at no point was wilson for free trade that hurt american industries . 
  ** yes , he was for international relations , league of nations and so on . 
  but , no , he was not for the kind of trade policies that allow the wealthy to hollow out america for their own enrichment . 
  no , see my post on the subject . 
  it looks like cruz 's supporters left their compounds to vote for him . 
  who woulda thunk ? 
  yep , this is it . 
  he will carry new york and california . 
  why does it always seem to come down to florida ? 
  totally agree . 
  cruz in the general would be a gop massacre . 
  after the debate , hillary supporters `` smelled blood in the water '' for their candidate . 
  two things hurt --, 
  * her ill-advised stab in the ribs about bernie not supporting the auto bailout . 
  sure a lie a day and half before the election sometimes works . 
  she failed to realize that in michigan everyone follows the auto industry . 
  * african-americans are more sophisticated up north than in the south . 
  they do n't necessarily vote how their preacher tells them to . 
  they make up their own minds -- that 's why she under-performed the farther she got from detroit 's inner city . 
  the old detroit machine just did n't have the votes to deliver . 
  it 's a hollowed-out american city , destroyed by the very trade deals she endorsed . 
   a democratic socialist just won michigan, 
  and he picked up the rural counties . 
  well he carried the arab-american vote , which is substantial in michigan . 
  and he 's a jew.maybe that threw the models off . 
  basically , the polls were n't contacting the right people . 
  yep . . expect her to have trouble in the northern midwest , which a democrat most win , to win the election . 
  it 's the percentage of black poor vs. white poor . 
  omg !, 
  yep, 
  women love alpha males . 
  yes , it 's politically incorrect to say so ; but is often the case . 
  illinois is not in play - chicago is all political machine and emmanuel will deliver for hillary . 
  unless something yuge happens . 
  ohio -- there 's a chance , a hollowed out state destroyed by trade deals hillary endorsed . 
  florida -- a lot of old people and they tend to vote for her . 
  and , i am floridian , i can assure there are lot of stupid people in my state . 
  do n't know why , we spend so much on education . 
  some things are beyond explanation - need the to call the x-files . 
  i think he has a chance there . 
  i think trump has a chance . 
  if hillary is having trouble in the industrial midwest -- then trump 's message of protectionism , saving american jobs or as he put it regarding trade deals -- `` treating us like babies . 
  very , very stupid babies . '', 
  truth is without michigan , minnesota , wisconsin and ohio - she ca n't win . 
  it 's telling she 's having trouble there . 
  this is n't massachusetts or washington , which will vote democratic , regardless . 
   a vp kasich will win ohio for the gop though . 
  i 'll bet now he 'll be picked . 
  me , too . 
  totally agree, 
  i think it 's biological - from his grandmother 's side . 
  plus , the abusive household and the threatening climate in their `` village . '', 
  because he 's close to norma , it manifests itself as some sort of oedipal thing . 
  but , if norma had left him as a young teen , he might have developed as a simple serial killer . 
  me , too . 
  marion checks into the motel . 
  but , will it be norman who checks her in ? 
  they said a twist was coming . 
  what about norma 's fashion . 
  love her suits . 
  when she goes to the psychology class , she looks like a hitchcock heroine . 
  it 's just good storytelling -- the best in tv in my opinion . 
  we all know how it will end , yet we are rivetted by the way they get there . 
  dylan and emma are wild cards . 
  on point . 
  totally agree . 
  they say a major twist is coming at the end , but it has to remain faithful to the original psycho . 
  otherwise it 's just another creepy melodrama . 
  parse the words ... is he really denying it wo n't hook with psycho . 
  glad you are attached to the characters . 
  that 's the point . 
  when they die , it hits you all the more . 
  especially how sympathetic norma is , compared to the psycho version . 
  granted that was all in his head . 
  but we get to see the real woman . 
  as for norman -- obviously something is seriously neuroligicaly wrong with him . 
  it makes it more poignant , because psychaitry has advanced so much . 
  we realize his problems are biological and how they manifest themselfes is due to his relationship with norma . 
  a damaged person in her right . 
  great summary and analysis . 
  i thought this , too . 
  when they said that they had twist ending . 
  basically , norman kills both norma and emma and taxidersmies ( ? ), 
  them . 
  dylan shocked and with the same biological make up loses it completely . 
  kills norman . 
  and takes on the weird norman persona . 
  good theory . 
  an homage to hithcock at the end . 
  awesome .
