  this is great , somehow do n't think it was so virginal in our grandparents time, 
  lol, 
  you 're right , and common courtesy requires a brief , nonjudgmental explanation . 
  a simple -- `` i just do n't think this is working for me . '', 
  is fine . 
  if they flip out , excuse yourself , and stop all contact . 
  because income inequality is something our pay-for-play politics can not/will not deal with . 
  so , people are frustrated and believe a con man who tells lies that make them feel better . 
  when those lies are questioned , the pent up anger erupts . 
  me , too . 
  tried other reps in my area , same thing, 
  yes , mcconnell is a liar ; ca n't trust a word he says, 
  edit : given his venality , this is mcconnell 's opening position for concessions ( bribes -- all that russia money , sure many want to `` wet their beak '' ), 
  we can not get complacent . 
  everyone was saying until yesterday morning/late tuesday night that it could never pass . 
  it did . 
  apparently , voting yes was made worth their while . 
  already cindy mccain is being considered for a top state dept role . 
  hmm . 
  mcconnell 's wife is in the cabinet . 
  the republicans and trump are counting on our complacency , our getting tired of calling , etc. 
  and just accept what they do . 
  the price of liberty is eternal vigilance, 
  trumpcare will at least cull the herd . 
  just terrible . 
  stay healthy, 
  god and mr. trump parted company a long time ago . 
  rioting is for the powerless ; i am not powerless . 
  do n't go around being so provocative ; it will be too easy to take your shit away legally . 
  come on . 
  i want to give you a sporting chance . 
  this story is part of a narrative that the deep state is out to `` get trump . '', 
  expect more on this ; erdogan used a variation to seize more power in turkey . 
  despite the spin --, 
  1 -- an aide of flynn 's wanted additional top secret info , including us vulnerabilities assessments . 
  2 -- flynn aide did this by attacking office that produces it . 
  3 -- pentagon takes away sec clearance ; now aide ca n't even remain in national security council with access to intelligence . 
  4 -- it looks like mcmaster & mattis got rid of another one . 
  can confirm . 
  a big one , with multiple outlets in s. fl , was n't even burying people . 
  the corpses were found in a mass grave near lake worth . 
  they 're still in business , so i guess they paid a fine or something . 
  i am hazy on the details . 
  i have the same problem when someone tries to make contact . 
  this crippling inhibition . 
   i hate the idea that owning a phone is some unwritten contract that means you 're 100 % accessible to others 24/7 . 
  well , your workplace may think so , esp . 
  if you work remotely . 
  the key point here is that you know a group chat is going on . 
  how did you find out ? 
  did they let you somehow ? 
  stay away from that group . 
  particularly in work situations when the `` friend '' is using you . 
  they want to know all about you . 
  most people only have a few friends . 
  the rest are acquaintances and companions at cool or work . 
  they were using you , for entertainment and a shoulder to cry on . 
  i worked for cisco , it was 24/7 . 
  on call , if needed . 
  others had in worse . 
  from s fl , so we used northern textbooks . 
  very balanced , showed the white confederate viewpoint , the valor of its soldiers and brilliance of its army commanders . 
  the north was motivated by maintaining the union and portrayed as heroes . 
  left out -- the slaves not until ap history did my teacher explain that it was all about the slaves . 
  that abolition groups were fierce , that the free wage movement meant whites did not want to compete with slaves and homesteaders feared sourtern planters would buy all the ood land . 
  learned how profitable slavery was and how the south viewed blacks as inferiors and the races inherently unequal . 
  there were moral economic and racial issues . 
  i thought it had been a sort of break up between the states . 
  andre malraux , mid 20t century french writer asked a priest what confession had taught him about people . 
  he answered that people in general were much more unhappy and lonely than one would think . 
  it 's right next tho the very porous border to belgium were the bataclan terrorists came . 
  also , note nice where that truck driver attacked a promenade . 
  from declaration of independence, 
  that to secure these rights , governments are instituted among men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed , -- that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness . 
  very perceptive . 
  wy trump skates when others would crash is a mystery to all of us . 
  is n't possible that hillary broke the law with her illegal pay-for-play server and that trump has broken every law since ? 
  both parties could be guilty . 
  let 's see what the doj does here . 
  will they decide to prosecute on fbi findings ? 
  it will be interesting , to say the least . 
  she was apparently forced to resign . 
  so much for rosenstein being a good guy . 
  ( or perhaps sessions has not recused himself from the russia matter , in practice . ), 
  we are at a dark moment for our republic . 
  wants to abolish the first amendment : freedom of the press right to assembly , freedom of religion . 
  white cristian nation here we come !, 
  so many colleges depend on fed govt . 
  money ; the students were n't wise to insult her . 
  though i can understand their feelings . 
  no , hrc 's server , which was against obama 's rules indicates she had something to hide . 
  pay-for-play is just shorthand for why she had this server . 
  note : she had a low-level techie do it . 
  why ? 
  because other firms would be worried about compliance . 
  sorry to disagree with your point of view , but her private server as secretary of state is very suspicious . 
  he sure acts like he 's not in any trouble . 
  reassurance from the wh ? 
  in trumps thinking , flynn was a plus . 
  tey did n't heed warnings because they wanted flynn .
