  seeing that the base can be beat up if a conflict occurs . 
  good , let 's hope he does n't get them . 
  i am not waiting : i think jason had a second & third wife . 
  this is not true . 
  of course , trump authorized ( demanded ) it . 
  trump vs. 
  generals is a case where i trust `` mad dog '' more than the president . 
  of course , they are . 
  totally , the better question , what is the payoff to trump & family . 
   giving a waiver to exxon right now would look like blatant favoritism . 
  that 's why it was denied . 
  it 's kabuki theater to give trump cover . 
  and , also a fat one !, 
  any dead russians ? 
  original psycho . 
  watched on tv in the afternoon , completely unspoiled , at about 14 years old . 
  i was riveted . 
  despite commercials and bright daylight , i found it so suspenseful . 
  and the end was shocking . 
  sorry , but being unlikeable . 
  yes , i know . 
  i ca n't agree with you more . 
  the democrats need to tone down abortion rhetoric and support for extreme stances . 
  most people can live with early term abortions , abortions for rape and health of the mother . 
  but abortion militants push those boundaries . 
  partial-birth abortion is sometimes necessary to save the life of the mother . 
  and an option , if the baby is not viable and pregnancy should end . 
  it is a loser in terms optics . 
  the whole procedure just looks like killing a baby . 
  regardless of the individual circumstances . 
  another one : notification of the parents of girls under 18 having an abortion . 
  most parents do n't agree their daughters ( some as young as eleven ) getting abortions without at least them knowing about it !, 
  allowing girls to get abortions without parental consent can be explained in cases of incest and on-going sexual abuse . 
  but , the extension of the right to privacy for children is a slippery slope , to say least . 
  the way democrats craft their support for abortion makes them look scary to moderates ; moreover , these positions are incredibly easy to distort by the gop . 
  let the right-wing make take their extreme positions . 
  and , fight against those . 
  put the onus on them . 
  i once sent a christmas card to a man who helped me at work . 
  in the card , i specifically thanked him for the help he gave me . 
  handwritten note , regular mail . 
  later , i was told he kept it . 
  meanwhile , back in russia ... 
  even the navy seals were cooler in the 70s . 
  we 've come so far , in the wrong direction . 
  i agree . 
  she looks mad , he looks like he 's disappointed - `` what can you expect from arty types . '', 
  jonathan pie - a british comic who rants about the stupidity of both the right and left-wing . 
  when norman tells norma that she told him to get the belt , norma says that she did n't , and norman sees things that are n't there . 
  so , this norma/norman confusion existed before going to white pines . 
  please pm me , too . 
  we need to stop giving these people a pass , just b/c it makes us feel better that they are stupid . 
  sorry , but i noticed this trend in myself . 
  deadliest day in war in us history is the first day of the battle of antietam . 
  2nd day was 9/11 . 
  third day , was 2nd day of antietam . 
  hitler did everything possible to disassociate himself from the holocaust, 
  also , hitler explained is association wit himmler by stating he owed him a great favor . 
  taking all the guilt onto himself . 
  sadly trump may have been more than complicit ; he was the key decision maker behind the whole conspiracy, 
  agreed -- my grandparents were spaniards and chose to immigrate to cuba ; other members chose peru . 
  as mentioned above , higher economic growth than spain influenced the decision . 
  most important was not having to learn a new language . 
  similar customs and legal systems also influenced their decision . 
  why are joseph mccarthy 's files still sealed ? 
  was he a russian agent , too ? 
  is that why his investigation fell apart in a manner of days ? 
  officially ... 
  great idea -- pitch it to universal . 
  i agree bradley was a huge loose tread . 
  norman could still have cody and bradley could be hanging out the bates motel , bothering emma until she does something sexual that makes mother take her out . 
  like norma catches bradley making moves on dylan and seeing normans puppy eyes to bradley . 
  would have been more organic, 
  mother appeared after chick told him , `` do what you need to do , but remember shes dead . '', 
  norman tried to commit suicide , but suddenly mother shows up . 
  everything gets all christmassy . 
  she stayed until he found that he killed his mother ; after that , there was nothing to protect him from . 
  in a way , romero killed norman 's fantasy world . 
  moreover , dylan , catching normans drift , said ` do n't make me do this . ', 
  dylan figured it out . 
  live under the radar , die under the radar . 
  i thought the mascara streaks were from romero 's tears . 
  you know , i expected her to come alive . 
  horror movie trope . 
  it was intentional . 
  sorrow was etched on her face if you look at te promo pics . 
  i did not like emma 's change of character , either . 
  but , then i realized how conditioned we have become to the craziness of the bates household . 
  1 she was right to throw out a former child molester ( caleb ) and not allow him access to her daughter . 
  emma did n't need to explain his relationship with katie , as that was crazymaking . 
  2 she was upset that dylan kept so many secrets from her . 
  emma wanted a healthy family life without secrets , not a dysfunctional one . 
  3 when she left dylan at king 's motel , she specially said , `` there 's too much crazy around here . '', 
  she was right to get herself out of the situation . 
  5 when she visits pine bay , she mentions that katie is staying with her father . 
  6 originally , she called the police right talking to dylan . 
  but , the show runners cut it out because it interfered with the drama of the final scene . 
  7 emma represents mental health , who has not been affected by the crazy household . 
  we identify with those crazy bates , so we see her as cold . 
  in reality , the crazy bates need to avoided at all costs ; emma represents a rational approach .
