  now . 
  was the rest of the ceremony any good ? 
  i live in florida and i found reduced cost psychiatric attention ; moreover , the pharmaceutical companies have free or reduced cost medications . 
  you do n't need therapy right away , you need the medicine now . 
  please contact your university clinic - now . 
  wow -- cool , let us know how you make out . 
  not sure what you are referring to . 
  `` what is a man - a miserable little pile of secrets '' is from andre malraux . 
  at any rate , the character is then is corrected by another who says `` a man is what he does . '', 
  idk - but , was this machiavelli -- i believe the quote is `` revenge is a dish that those who taste like it served cold . '', 
  you need to go into rehab first . 
  it is a type of art - religious , specifically catholic art . 
  when you see this type of art in paintings and statues , you will note the similarities . 
  many persons had intense reactions to seeing it - which is the purpose of this type of religious art - many persons turned themselves into the police for crimes they had committed , some people watched it over and over again praying rosaries , in protestant denominations - whole congregations went and afterwards many otherwise unreligious men stood up made a pledge to accept jesus as their personal savior . 
  religious art exists to create these feelings . 
  in this sense , the movie succeeded . 
  however , in our secular age , these feelings seem alien . 
  btw , everyone knows the character and story . 
  the movie did not need to build it up . 
  it 's just the last days - a passion play , intended to evoke certain emotions . 
  the movie was no more anti-semitic than the source material . 
  gorgeous photo, 
  when someone tells you that they are an asshole - believe them . 
  true story , a former boss of mine said to me , `` i should n't tell you this , because then you 'll think i 'm an asshole . '', 
  i said -- `` i do n't think you are an asshole . '', 
  i ended up in tears by the end of the conversation . 
  you idiot -- if they were gay , the women would n't be pairing with them in figure skating . 
  ( with the exception of married couples and brother/sister teams - except the latter are as prevalent as before . ), 
  this is an amazing photo - imagine seeing a life/death struggle right above you . 
   in the murder of helen jewett by patricia cline cohen , a story tracking the murder of a call girl in 1830s new york , you can see how prostitution could be a rational choice . 
   essentially , helen was a lower class girl destined to be a domestic or married to a poor man . 
  she was relatively pretty and promiscuous , which got her fired from her servant job . 
  she went to new york , became part of a brothel ( in a nice building ) , had lovely clothes , drank champagne , went to the theatre and even took train rides . 
   her clients were nice young men , new to the city , for whom she was a sort of `` rent-a-girlfriend . '', 
  they would write letters to her , she would respond , etc. 
  unfortunately , she appears to have been killed by one who got very jealous of her other `` boyfriends . '', 
   however , the book shows how prostitution was a much better life than the other alternatives open to her . 
  so strange -- i do n't believe in esp or anything like that . 
  possibly his hearing , eyesight or sense of smell picked up on something off putting . 
  yes - like when animals alert others that a predator has entered the vicinity . 
  does this help with proofreading - i always have a tough time picking up typos that spellcheck leaves out . 
  as a girl who suddenly had a d cup at the age of 13 ( and got bumped into by all the 13 year old boys ) -- good for you !!, 
  big boobs are not attractive , especially if you are short . 
  and , they can be the only thing men notice about you - in business , by professors , etc. 
  this is more what i was thinking , but the pheromone theory is very good . 
  it would explain a lot stuff in true crime - specifically why killers can get away in relatively open areas , which are suddenly deserted during the time of the murder . 
  the regular traffic would decide not to go down the path , through the alley , up the stairs . 
  the scent of blood is very strong and recognizable . 
  also this happened in a park , so maybe the critters inhabiting it had all stopped making noise and they were very quiet because they knew something was happening - like crickets stopping . 
  he might have been used to a certain amount of background noise that simply was n't there that night . 
  i was struck by this detail , too . 
  he must be familiar with the area and knew this was a likely all-night place . 
  how would it be different today ? 
  sounds right !, 
  i think you acted appropriately , btw , especially walking right at him in the crosswalk and hiding in the alley . 
  that should have been enough to deter him , imho ... but he checked out the gas station to see if you were there ( a reasonable guess , he was probably a local ) . 
  so he was bad news . 
  after the marines you should consider police or detective work . 
  it depends on your definition of pedophilia . 
  is a person a pedophile because he harbors these thoughts or because he acts upon them ? 
  regardless of definition -- i agree - it is not a choice . 
  i find it revolting - i ca n't imagine what they are thinking !, 
  definitely get a psych degree and study it ; these mutants/predators need to be understood better . 
  i wen to moscow in 2004 - after the yelstin catastrophic 90s and many told me things were much better in the old ussr . 
   the cure would be an injection of 125 grains of lead to the cranium , at about 1700 fps . 
  this !, 
  why would any country give up or stop making nukes now ? 
  you can be sure russia would not be invading if ukraine had nukes . 
  the eu is a banking cartel - they are not a military power , they depend on their american mercenaries for that . 
  actually , a little close to the truth . 
  because the eu is really just a banking cartel . 
  the americans and brits do all the fighting . 
  i do n't agree with everything you say ... but , the west was wrong to meddle in this area . 
  while i do n't believe there is any real threat to ethnic russians in the ukraine - the current government is not legitimate by any means . 
  the russians are ( imho ) correct in feeling completely sandbagged and i can understand their need to show their displeasure in the outcome . 
  unfortunately , they were left with only military options . 
  as a latin american familiar with the monroe doctrine , i do n't see the russian view of their border states as much different the us view of the countries in western hemisphere . 
  good for them - so far only the brits and the czechs have shown their face in kiev . 
  called by ben judah in politico yesterday, 
  [ article ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/03/russia-vladimir-putin-the-west-104134.html#.uxtcp2cybz4 ), 
  also follow his tweets - he re-tweeted rumors last night . 
  [ twitter feed ] ( https://twitter.com/b_judah ), 
  perhaps the chancellor is not accustomed to someone not doing as she tells them - like , for example , the other heads of eu countries . 
  i agree , my parents lived through the cuban missile crisis ; it terrified them . 
  they lived in ft. lauderdale , then a sleepy fl tourist town of 70,000 people . 
  people lived in their bathing suits and spent boozy nights on boats , in bars , at parties . 
  very dissolute . 
  during the crisis , the locals would hear military trains , day and night , one after another , heading south . 
  police and firemen ran into serious men who commandeered whatever they wanted . 
  people started going to church . 
  then kennedy spoke to the nation , saying the russians deployed nuclear missiles 90 miles away , that this represented an act of war . 
  everyone held their breath until `` the other side blinked . '', 
  of course , cuba stayed communist , so it was a compromise . 
  it was a fright no one wanted repeated . 
  just to clarify - yes , there is truth to this statement . 
  far right , white supremacists participated in yanukovich 's ouster , which was not strictly legal . 
  moreover , in western ukr there are some very unsavory right-wing elements , anti-semitic and anti-polish . 
  and , the eu and the us supported them against the pro-russian yanukovich . 
  it was a very unfortunate situation which masked the legitimate complaints of much of the ukr population against corruption in the govt . 
  at all levels .
