  i believe it has already asked to join poland and told no - although they are ethnically poles . 
  catholic . 
  no jewish ancestry . 
  look the baltic states have been very belligerent lately , did you see the lithuanian un rep browbeating her russian counterpart . 
  i would n't have done that ; it was so disrespectable - let 's say , undiplomatic . 
  check the bbc article below . 
  looks like the brits are trying to calm the baltics down . 
  on the other hand , look at the `` good neighbor '' behavior of hungary . 
  it 's not appeasement , it 's common sense . 
  [ fallon : russia ` danger ' to latvia , lithuania and estonia ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-31528981 ), 
  prussia was part of it - very militarized society ; `` a nation hatched from a cannonball '' as napoleon put it . 
  in 1914 , they were relatively poor compared to other parts of germany . 
  but , because they controlled the military , they had outsized influence . 
  the current historical theory is that the old junkers saw their power diminish within the empire and so conspired to start wwi ( which they expected to last 10 weeks at most ) to make themselves relevant again . 
  ( all politics is local , my friend . ), 
  ( they also wanted huge chunks of land to their east in russia and to permanently reduce france as an power . ), 
  it was a very unstable society - with vast wealth and sophistication in manufacturing , arts , science and social welfare -- and this almost medieval group calling the shots . 
  please read `` europe 's last summer '' - based on the latest research ( many german historians ) regarding this group 's behavior . 
  and then compare their petty concerns - ` the rhineland is richer than us prussian aristocrats ! ', 
  - to the horrors of the western front . 
  in a sense ( not fully ) , nazism was prussian imperialism on steroids . 
  was not aware of this - makes nato kind of irrelevant then . 
  thank you . 
  ( i am in the minority , but the us has spent billions on european defense and when it came to help us out in afghanistan , only the uk and poland contributed significantly . 
  places like denmark might send one medic who stayed in rear performing vd checks . 
  so , spending money on nato , sticks in my craw . ), 
  i know -- but i do n't like it . 
  either way they are going to cause trouble . 
  now they have more time on their hands . 
  if you subscribe to the theory that maidan was bankrolled by the west - then there wo n't be any anti-government protests . 
  so true . 
  i blamed mh17 on malaysia - they chose that route because less fuel was needed . 
  there was an alert that day in the netherlands to not fly over the area . 
  malaysian airlines is just ... 
  i do n't know . 
  lol, 
  ( canada does n't need nato , the americans will rush over the border to help ... and then stay . ), 
  thanks -- good stuff . 
  i was joking -- these calls were seen as sinister by russian propaganda - like `` poroshenko needed to get his orders from his us masters . '', 
   which , you know , raises a question : was it so bad under franz josef ? 
  no , very mild and the archduke was inclusive in both personal and professional life . 
  yes - srebrenica ; i remember that , how the word trickled out that a great massacre was happening . 
  it was not even acknowledged in the us until months later . 
  the internet was not the same back then . 
  i too regret that germany suffered as much as it did . 
  the expression on the german moderator 's face at the very end was priceless . 
  i completely agree with this article . 
  while one ca n't be too cynical about putin - such a thing is not possible given the limitations einstein 's physics -- acting disrespectfully and undiplomatically is not only wrong , it is stupid . 
  the west needs to stop disrespecting putin ; that would be the first step . 
  that does n't mean the cynicism about him or his motives needs to stop . 
  but , there is simply no excuse for bad behavior . 
   but when you use `` nazi experiment '' and `` anglozionist empire '' in consecutive sentences , you are a madman and ca n't expect to be taken seriously by just about anyone . 
  so true !, 
  i am of the minority -- us dollar as the reserve currency makes it harder for our economy and exports to grow . 
  same thing happened to the british pound about 100 years ago . 
  let de-dollarization continue . 
  looks like someone wants someone else to do the fighting for them . 
  it was n't that bloody - considering they were offered a corridor for withdrawal . 
  it was reprehensible to keep those troops there , without orders to breakout . 
  this was ukr 's fault , imho . 
  more important , the russians could have cut that column to pieces if they wanted to . 
  i think putin did not want a massacre - just enough harassing fire to make want to make them accept the next corridor offer . 
  i know , but that 's what we were raised to believe . 
  i remember required reading in high school -- `` masters of deceit '' about how the were communists everywhere ready to ... kill you , or something . 
  our teacher gave us the book , told us it was required by law and did n't bother to give us a test . 
  i did n't read it , of course . 
  no test . 
  totally agree -- i think obama is rightfully ignoring it as much as politically possible . 
  let angela merkel manage this . 
  she has so much experience collect overdue funds from the greeks , spain , etc. 
  so true . 
  i know - it is mindboggling . 
  yes , that 's why the timing is so right for putin . 
  i am permanently shocked at what americans believe . 
  i was raised here and when i went to moscow , they told i was propagandized . 
  i told them we had a free press . 
  since then , with the rise of the internet news - and access to british media - i have begun to see things much differently . 
  the us media does not have journalists , it has stenographers . 
  calm down -- there is n't going to be a wwiii because of putin . 
  but there will be a long-term , low grade , asymmetrical conflict with islamic fundamentalist . 
  which is a shame , because most muslims are lovely , generous and kind . 
  these extremist make one suspicious of all of them . 
  well , the world court ... somewhere . 
  maybe in illinois where motorola was founded . 
  i am sorry -- just making an apparently unfunny joke about how inept malaysian airlines is . 
  yes , i know the it was shot down by the separatists with russian weapons . 
  thanks , never heard of him before - named himself after a walkie-talkie . 
  i get it now . 
  germany is looking so iffy in the alliance regarding russia . 
  no wonder the poles and baltics are scared . 
  completely agree . 
  i am also very surprised . 
  i do n't understand why --, 
  regardless of reason , it 's rude , counterproductive and stupid . 
  yes , it is done on purpose . 
  fwiw , i think putin is essentially a gangster . 
  i very effective one , but a thug , nevertheless . 
  i would never disrespect vito corleone in a public forum . 
  it 's just stupid . 
  true --,
