  perhaps a spy in the wh was par of the deal . 
  this might have been a step too far for pence and co. 
  are they going after `` bad hombres , '' or just women and children ? 
  most were americans , i see . 
  is this a job for ice ? 
  is this to show that the russians ca n't be guilty , they were affected too ? 
  otoh , my nmom left my beautiful wedding early . 
  with citronella candles to ward off insects !, 
  as an immigrant woman , i have no problem with confederate statues . 
  i understand african-americans are offended . 
  i do n't see anyone tearing down statues of grant , who was a butcher or sherman who committed atrocities against native americans in his post-civil war career . 
  moreover , some of them are works of art ; art is value nuetral . 
  i would not like people tearing down contemporary sculptures because they are offended by them . 
  plus , where does it end ? 
  if anti-immigration takes hold of the nation , they might send the statue of liberty back to france . 
  with citronella candles to ward off insects . 
  real nazi would demolish them instantly . 
  they did !, 
  not one person signed or put their name to the statement . 
  it was from wh but anonymous . 
  no , trump was trying to et him into the pack & compromise him . 
  this is n't as bungling as it looks . 
  it 's manipulation . 
  and trump realized that comey was n't buying the friendship angle . 
  that 's always the giveaway . 
  rw sites need to throw anti-semitism around to make their readership happy . 
  lol . 
  or , i am the hidden iman revealed , one of your mullahs told me . 
  ( do n't worry the saudi laid back about religious matters . ), 
  trump is visiting jerusalem , that 's even more religious than the vatican . 
  trump will probably get pope slapped and not understand wat his holiness meant . 
  do n't worry trump will claim tte pope canonized him . 
  `` he told me blessed are the peacemakers . 
  i did n't realize it at the time , but the pope was talking about me . '', 
  okay , trumps 28 hr visit needs to be reduced to a brief flyover over israel and palestine . 
  maybe circle once over jerusalem . 
  ya think ? 
  i know !, 
  the article made no sense , except as a blatant apologia . 
  it skipped so many critical details , such as the lovely photos from the oval office , kissinger 's stuffed corpse , the presence of only russian media and that disclosure is putting someone 's life in danger . 
  oh and not only do the jews control international finance , the media , whatever else , but they now control the deep state , too . 
  i ca n't wait until trump casually leans against the wailing wall , crosses his ankles and tries to chat up the chief rabbi . 
  `` and , i was so nice to him.h why did he look at me like that . '', 
  not even being the first president to establish diplomatic relations and visit communist china could save nixon . 
  worse , the thumbs up sign for arabs is equivalent to `` giving the finger '' in the us . 
  of course , the saudis who just got $ 110 billion in jets , simply because they paid kusner a brokerage fee , are happy to ignore everything . 
  note : these arms deals are usually controversial with much diplomatic linkage requiring the saudis to do human rights stuff they do n't want to support us mideast plans they rather not . 
  trump makes it easy for them , pay a fee , change us policy . 
  see comment above . 
  the one 's that pay obviously . 
  nato could change everything in a second by slipping him a few billion . 
  the israelis will show him the kompromat , however . 
  during a difficult time in my life that i did n't want to share with anyone at work , i stopped talking about myself . 
  i do n't anyone noticed . 
  but michelle does n't have melania 's porn credentials !, 
  it 's looking more and more like flynn was russia 's trump handler . 
  remember the russian ship off te coast of dc when flynn was fired ? 
  remember trump musing ( stream of consciousness style ) to the press how he would want to shoot that boat ? 
  methinks that flynn was part and parcel of the russia deal . 
  would you trust trump , by himself , to do your bidding ? 
  effectively , i mean . 
  s fl : snowbirds , please do n't come after thanksgiving and leave after may 1 . 
  short vacations in winter months are great for business , but you guys clog up the roads , drive incredibly slow , do n't tip well and argue over every charge . 
  hope fl takes away your driver 's license . 
  difficult to get it back and your home state will acknowledge revocation . 
  all the other starks had black backgrounds . 
  sansa 's was white . 
  fade to white in movie language means death . 
  more revealing ? 
  you 're correct . 
  if you look closely , you can see the head of the flayed man . 
  completely agree , it 's fifth-generation warfare . 
  or maybe a new phase of 4th generation , using more advanced techniques . 
  yes , for example , we know that trump dismisses his secret service when meeting with russians at mar-a-lago . 
  what about the flunky who tells the secret service , `` your presence is not needed at the meeting . '', 
  not knowing what the meeting is about . 
  they could wonder : am i liable , should i report it ? 
  not the ones with the crushingly lovely little elizabeth taylor . 
  or babbling secrets left and right ... 
  i mean declassifying secrets . 
  plus they are carrying fancy red shields . 
  the got version of a redshirt . 
  i hate to say this . 
  but , given the times we are living in , we should fly the flag upside down , with the blue field on te bottom right corner . 
  but what will the neighbors think ? 
  its a reconized distress symbol and allowed under law . 
  pay attention to what trump does ; not what he says . 
  remember orwell 's 2 minutes of hate ? 
  they expect those people to either be taken care of by family or die . 
  ahca cbo score mentioned $ 3 billion in savings from earlier deaths . 
  well , the russian ambassador is very forgettable . 
  my sister mentioned i met wit him last summer and i simply can not recall it . 
  all i know is that i take microfilm to a pumpkin patch on a regular basis in a zombielike state . 
  of course , the russians were talking among themselves about it . 
  the nitwit wanted to sneak into their embassy and use their secure communications . 
  not realizing that no country will let a foreign national do so . 
  it was a big red flag and they needed to talk it through with several vodka bottles on the table . 
  kislak was reported flabergasted . 
  just be thankful teen vogue is on the case . 
  it is only a matter of time before one of their journalists is body slammed by the gop , with the crowd yelling `` rape her . '',
