  because that would not be the case . 
  moreover , this location is very close to the walls , the cameras and other equipment would not just point inward , they would point outside to id any incoming threats . 
  at any rate - renovations would not make a difference , these systems have redundancies that would take into account things like renovations , power outages , etc. 
  with the kremlin , we are talking the best - state of art . 
  otherwise , it would not be so easy to walk all around there -- to give that illusion of openness ( which you do n't see in the us ) costs a great deal money , sophisticated technology and highly-trained operators . 
  i agree - i was not putin . 
  i disagree - while putin is upsetting the balance of power in his area , he is nowhere near as dangerous to the us and west as is isis . 
  last i checked , putin was not destroying priceless antiquities with a sledgehammer , conducting mass beheadings of coptic christians , burning people alive in cages , crucifying children , et cetera -- really , who is more dangerous . 
  are you insane ? 
  perhaps it 's not polite to be having conversations in spanish . 
  i hope works out for your country . 
  who knows ... 
   it 's also the most active agent surveillance area, 
  you know your vs systems !, 
  yes , it 's not just the cameras - it 's eyes behinds the cameras in real time . 
  btw , in disney world there 's a `` mouseketeer '' looking at each camera , and if someone , idk , starts having an epileptic fit , someone pops up from a hatch and takes underground , out of sight . 
  the hatches are often shaped like adorable mushrooms . 
   visible signs of a security theatre, 
  love that phrase --, 
  i understand - but those ideas have been translated into all languages . 
  yes , i know , 
  a nobody from a long time ago . 
  putin 's been tolerating him and his criticism for a long time ; i do n't understand why he was suddenly worthy of an assassination . 
  very true . 
   but you still got ta admit that narrative is bullshit . 
  it may not be an anti-russian move on their part , and simply a reflection of the fact that old media is dying and cutting their staff , especially foreign experts , leading them to make one-dimensional caricatures out of faraway countries . 
  but it 's still bullshit . 
  there is some truth to this . 
  however , too much has come out lately about ( esp fox news ) newscasters and journalists on tv receiving talking points first thing in the morning , that one wonders if they do n't have experts because they simply do n't need them . 
  corruption , inequality and not investing in economy . 
  [ new york times interpretation of video ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/01/world/europe/killing-of-boris-nemtsov-putin-critic-breeds-fear-in-russia.html?_r=0 ), 
  key quote, 
   on saturday , however , a television channel , tvts , broadcast a surveillance video purporting to show the murder , though from a distance . 
  mr. nemtsov had left a restaurant in the gum shopping center on red square and was walking with his girlfriend , anna duritskaya , a ukrainian model . 
   a snowplow blocked the scene . 
  but the video , which has not been independently verified , appears to show the shooter was hiding on a stairway on moskvoretsky bridge waiting for mr. nemtsov and ms. duritskaya to pass . 
  later , the figure of the supposed shooter runs to a getaway car that pulls up on the bridge . 
  is this the same as the cctv we are seeing . 
  agree - what does this video say to you ? 
  i noticed part of it was cut off . 
  what direction was it shot from ? 
  yes , it has not been confirmed . 
  what does the video say to muscovites ? 
  does it look real ? 
  from where was it shot ? 
  it does seem to involve multiple people . 
  is the assassination blocked by the snow plow/garbage truck -- because if so , they knew where the camera was !, 
  thanks !, 
  where do you think this was shot from ? 
  this looks bad - especially the camera angle - there are cameras with better angles . 
  thanks -- and the kremlin spires right there !, 
  wonder what those cams showed . 
  yes - period . 
  it 's not that nato wishes to attack russia , it just wants to push back its influence as far east as possible . 
  in a geopolitical sense , cripple it by encircling it on the european side with west-aligned states . 
  i do n't remember exactly when -- but after the warsaw pact fell , russia asked to become a member of nato , it was told no . 
  got my own answers . 
  the camera is a weather camera , not security camera that would have better resolution . 
  it appears to be high up and facing toward red square and st. 
  basil 's cathedral . 
  there are cameras on the light poles of the bridge itself that would the show the murder close up and clearly . 
  all sorts of analysis on the web - it appears that the assassin is somehow related to the garbage truck/snow plow but still gets into a different car . 
  traffic seems to stop around the time of the murder - do n't know what to make of it . 
  evidently from the attack to getaway was less one minute . 
  5 shots - one to the head , the rest to the body . 
  i remembered this - thanks for finding it . 
  there is no such thing as a nuanced view of putin . 
  in the uk , they get paid 10 pounds an hour . 
  or so i read on the guardian 's web site . 
  it seems like it . 
  the reason is that since the crimea annexation , social media seems to be littered with posts in a type of english that while not grammatically incorrect , still sounds off , awkward or wrong . 
  it 's called `` writing english like a foreigner . '', 
  i have the same problem with spanish . 
  i was raised in the us and my spanish , even when technically correct , sounds off . 
  the reasons i 've been told : i use spanish words that are close to the english version , instead of the most common version ; these words often mean something else ; the syntax is in english , not spanish even though grammatically correct ; small words - articles , prepositions are wrong . 
  same with writers of english with a different dominant language . 
  i 've been accused of that on the guardian 's web site . 
  do n't forget doug has the journal showing claire lied about the abortion being tied to her rape . 
  now that claire left frank -- that journal may come in pretty handy . 
  totally fucked up, 
  that was self-defense . 
  key quotes, 
   duritskaya , a 23-year-old ukrainian model and actress , had reportedly flown to moscow from kiev on friday , and nemtsov met her at the airport . 
  the two had dinner at the upscale bosco restaurant on red square and were walking across a bridge to nemtsov 's apartment on ulitsa malaya ordynka when a white car pulled up beside them and a gunman shot nemtsov dead , media reports said . 
   duritskaya 's lawyer , vadim prokhorov , told the interfax news agency on sunday that she is being kept at the home of a friend of nemtsov and is not being allowed to leave . 
  she is in contact with a ukrainian consul and says that she would like to go back to ukraine , her lawyer was cited as saying . 
   however , duritskaya has not been able to accurately describe the killer or say the make of the car or its license plate number , the vzglyad news site reported sunday , citing a source in the investigation . 
  a snowplow driver who was reportedly meters away from the scene of the crime told the lifenews agency that he did n't see the killer . 
   duritskaya met nemtsov a few years ago through a `` vip agency that arranges for models to meet russian businessmen . '', 
  okay, 
  i know --, 
  lol !!, 
  i love remy but thought he could do better . 
  i liked it , too . 
  to me , it 's like a cross between west wing and dallas . 
  except ole jr was much more likable than frank underwood . 
   i believe she wants frank to lose, 
  yeah , i think so . 
  i ca n't figure out why francis is not enough anymore . 
  he gave her every thing she asked for and her losing the un ambassadorship was something everyone in diplomatic community wanted .
