  - the cantons in switzerland contain fierce fighters in almost impassable mountain terrain . 
  imagine invading a mountainous area where your opponents know every little valley or trail that is not on your maps . 
  so , the prussians had no stomach for mountain warfare with armed swiss who did n't want them there . 
  i guess i am saying , there were practical aspects , too . 
  also , christianity was deeply influenced by neo-platonism . 
  so they may have given precedence to plato 's writings to save or not overwrite over aristotle 's . 
  i was just going to say this . 
  however , in summary -, 
  in terms of influence on western and islamic culture - yes . 
  in terms of influence on the future of the euro - yes . 
  in any other terms - no ( unless you mention a specific , out of pattern part of history ) . 
  sometimes destiny ca n't be held back . 
  let me clarify - latin america and i am one , is considered part of the west for the reasons i mentioned above . 
  my mistake - get them mixed up for some reason . 
  i think a quick victory in virginia would have allowed the union unimpeded access to the south - charleston , savannah -- unfortunately , the negotiated settlement would have occurred with no extension of slavery but no freedom for the existing slaves . 
  and the south would have continued fighting in congress - as they still are to this day . 
  perhaps things turned out as they would have . 
   joseph johnston , james longstreet and thomas jackson, 
  all great - but , would they have followed lee ? 
  he was their sort of moral leader . 
  lee would not have allowed corruption to the extent grant did . 
  he was more hands-on , more selective in his subordinates , and a stickler for correctness . 
  the history of louis xiii - the spider king . 
  he messed with the swiss and never did again . 
  i agree -- he would n't have the officer corps that he would be used to . 
  they say that they are unopened packages from older versions . 
  do n't i get the license ? 
  the phrase `` white hat '' and the subsequent poster 's mention of a shady business makes me think it 's a place you have to be careful . 
  andrewharris - this has been answered here - [ https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/26myp9/eli5_why_is_the_us_constitution_treated_like_a/], 
  andre malraux wrote of the roman respect americans have for their constitution . 
  i think malraux meant that americans view the constitution with the same respect that the ancient romans did their laws - which were carved on forum for everyone to see , were not arbitrary , and were final . 
  other countries ignore their laws : things do n't look right - judge ignores the law , crisis - new constitution , war - cancel elections . 
  in america , saying something is unconstitutional is the end of many arguments , you ca n't ignore the law because there will be penalties if caught because the trial judge ca n't overrule , the us did n't even cancel elections during the civil war and there is no wholesale rewriting of the constitution . 
  andre malraux wrote of the roman respect americans have for their constitution . 
  you are correct - my mistake, 
  when some one says they are not a good person , believe them . 
  also , this gets their ever declining base out . 
  along with voter restrictions and jerry-mandering districts , it can keep them in power while the nation undergoes changes . 
  this has happened before . 
  in the years before the civil war , the north had a majority in the house and the south insisted on equality - by selecting which states entered the union in the senate . 
  they passed rules stating slavery could not be discussed in congress . 
  after the 1920 census , which showed an enormous population shift from the south to northeastern cities . 
  congress simply refused to reapportioned itself . 
  it did so after the 1930 census . 
  thanks !, 
  can you recommend a good book ( has any been written yet ) on this ? 
  i had never even heard of link farms . 
  ita with gage creed and you could add church , too . 
  thanks - you should write a book to inform people about the penalties involved . 
  many are misinformed . 
  thanks !, 
  the answer here is obviously texas - it 's only matter of who -- i think they would really clean up their border and establish a buffer zone with mexico . 
  yes , texas would start wars ... just cause . 
  they would go after mexico . 
  if you are surrounded by equally smart people - and this is happening more and more , you do n't feel any different . 
  let 's not forget the exorcist, 
  did you notice how the mini-suv just proceeded with his left turn un-phased ? 
  maybe don draper will disappear and be replaced by dick whitman . 
  will get buried -- ** elizabeth taylor **, 
  my mother had liz 's coloring ( except her eyes were leaf green ) , hair , general face shape and close to the same petite body . 
  for the longest time , she adapted liz 's makeup and clothes for herself . 
  she was a few years older than liz . 
  mom died in 2007 ; so i started surfing the web , looking for liz photos , liz information , etc. 
  i became something of a liz expert . 
  it was strangely calming . 
  then liz passed in 2011 - i was so heartbroken . 
  it 's like mom died a second time . 
  i still surf the web for liz pictures when i get depressed . 
  agreed -- any talk with soldiers about recent cop stories are filled with details about ** how they ca n't handle guns , use unnecessary force and are cowards . 
  in broward county florida , the fire department openly despises the broward sheriff 's office , stating their acronym bso stands for bull shit officers . 
  i know of two cases were ** firemen took someone about to be arrested on bullshit charges to the hospital to get away from the police . 
   real issue is the shooting stance of the officer as he fired his weapon . 
  he was not in a stance where he could maintain control of his aim , which if youve had basic fire arm education , you know is seriously wrong . 
  nailed it - and the cop missed the dog at point blank range . 
   the fact is , cops are weak and cowardly and we see evidence of just how pervasive their cowardice is on a daily basis now . 
  our society is imperiled by these chickenshits with deadly weapons . 
  agreed - too many soldiers in battle zones have mentioned the lack of courage cops have . 
  ** they rely on intimidation and this escalates rather than deescalates situations . 
  agree - he knew hannibal , so he was saying something like do you see my accomplice . 
  this is another side effect of colonization , it does n't directly answer op 's question . 
  it is important to note many conflicts and failed states result from the commercialization of farming and mining - particularly in central africa . 
  during the late 19th and early 20th centuries , this process destroyed traditional society in many places . 
  without european influence and exploitation , these societies might have evolved more slowly and naturally . 
  the wholesale drafting of the local population to exploit natural resources disrupted family and sexual values and created an environment where dangerous diseases came out of the jungle into densely populated environments . 
  hiv had a low grade presence in villages relatively isolated from one another both geographically and sexually ( multiple partners were not common outside the village , if at all . ), 
  commercialization created roads , trucks and prostitution and hiv mostly took that route out of the jungle to the slums of now urbanized environments . 
  many were near ports , originally used by europeans to export their farming and mining products . 
  from there , hiv came to us . 
  source : the coming plague : newly emerging diseases in a world out of balance by laurie garrett, 
  i can give a guess , too . 
  the spanish civil war had a romantic mystique at the time and many americans and britons volunteered to fight in it and wrote famous books - hemingway , orwell , etc. 
  after franco wins , spain becomes another fascist dictatorship . 
  franco kept spain out of wwii , despite intense pressure from hitler . 
  an anti-communist , he benefited somewhat from the cold war - although no participation in nato , the common market ( as the eu was then called ) and , sadly for poor destroyed spain , the marshall plan . 
  my guess - the history of spain after the civil war was waiting for franco to die and rejoin europe . 
  but , he was in power a long time and spain slowly recovered , mostly because of the stability he provided . 
  it is just not that interesting or relevant . 
  i just got it season 2 !, 
  did you name your car christine ? 
  it sure takes care of you .
