  if so , if you can set foot here , you are a legal immigrant . 
  sometimes , cubans in florida go out seeking cubans at sea trying to get to the coast . 
  sometimes the coast guard gets them and sends them back . 
  because you are brit - go to cuba , get naturalized , get on a raft and hope for the best . 
  pm when you are ready to go , i 'll try to get you before the coast guard . 
  but beware , if you are caught in the gulfstream , you may end up back in britain . 
  none -- we should concentrate on the good ole usa , that needs a lot of work . 
  are you good looking ? 
  marry an american girl . 
  yes , propose , get her pregnant - you 'll be a resident pronto . 
  even if you are not good looking , some american girl will marry you - i believe money to buy her a car would be sufficient to get to romance started . 
  because they feel threatened by russia today . 
  i can understand - but nothing - i am an american - will happen to poland without serious nato intervention including tactical nukes . 
  to many memories of betrayal of poland , too many polish-americans , the brits have long memories of being betrayed by stalin , too ; the polish pope is on some fast track to canonization - too many catholics all over the nato alliance . 
  the nato alliance will fall apart if poland is not defended . 
  putin is an asshole - but not an idiot , he 's not going there . 
  hell , he may never get to kiev . 
  very astute analysis . 
  however , i do not think the smaller nations would better off in the eu - ask the greeks how that is working out for them . 
  i agree with this statement . 
  i was raised in the us from the age of three . 
  my view of the ussr was a monolithic state , where people had very little of anything and where everyone was either indoctrinated or in a gulag writing masterpieces on scraps of stolen paper . 
  no in between . 
  ( i vaguely knew the arts were better in russia but it was ballet or impenetrable novels . ), 
  all this changed when i visited russia and met real russians . 
  when i went to the tretyakov gallery and saw how powerful and accessible the art was . 
  but , mostly , the warmth of the russian people - whom i had be taught were indoctrinated automatons . 
  good guy , putin . 
  thanks for seeking confirmation . 
   i only told them that we do n't have any troops in ukraine and the only people that russia is fighting against are ukrainians, 
  not true . 
  the us has sent in `` advisers '' which is code for special forces . 
  do n't know about specific tanks - which the russians always overestimate their battle importance due to wwii and the fantastic t-34 . 
  but the us has sent lots of humvees . 
  source - us media . 
  yes - you have to go the vatican to see western churches that opulent . 
  i 'm catholic - we do n't read the bible either . 
  look at the evangelicals - they read the bible and draw the most outlandish conclusion . 
  true - just a guy , a bible and his interpretation of stuff 2000 to 3500 years ago . 
  it 's very hard to tell what is going on over there . 
  what is the russian objective here - they usually go to weak areas and begin pincer movements to encircle ua forces . 
  can anyone guess what the strategy is , i do n't know the area . 
  i do n't believe catholic interpretation to be divine . 
  however , informed readers of the bible , with a good knowledge of the background of the writing , can tell what was really meant . 
  what is simply outdated , etc. 
  it 's not something you can just start reading and taking everything a face value . 
  as for the russian church , it survived stalin ; and there is so much to distract the eye - the incredible architecture , art , singing , accessories for the worshippers , etc. 
  the bible is more complicate than just having priest tell you what it all means . 
  that 's a good point - if it is associated with bad breath , then it is probably related to bowel issues . 
  let 's hope hillary needs the super delegates to get her over the top . 
  yeah - that was their undoing ; they tried to beef up their case and it fell apart on them . 
  me too - they were both dropped at nicole 's and one was left there and the other planted at ojs . 
   `` daddy , tell the truth . 
  what does the music truck do ? 
  what does the guy do in there . '', 
  he 's a pedophile - stay away from the music truck !, 
  do n't blame others for my shortcomings , even if , objectively , someone else has caused it . 
  it 's a slippery slope to start blaming  i other people for your problems . 
  people are racist , sexist , sizeist , mean , nasty , rude , sadistic , etc. . . this is common knowledge . 
  shitty people exist . 
  your job is to navigate around those people as best you can . 
  sometimes they catch up to you , or block you , but that 's life, 
  so , true . 
  do n't expect good behavior from everyone . 
  from hell is great -- it does n't id the ripper but it captures completely the ambiance of whitechapel and the east end . 
  both jonny depp and heather graham are fantastic . 
  it 's fiction . 
  otoh - with jon gone , we are no longer invested in the night watch - so the white walkers can slaughter them . 
  i think that 's why sam left to go to maester college . 
  there 's probably a severance clause in the contract . 
  he joined the ss -- they wore death skulls as accessories ; of course he was a narcissistic sociopath - probably a sadist . 
  note how he refers to the diary as `` the little book '' -- diminishing it . 
  too bad he 's not mentioned in it in an epilogue - so that he could have been shamed for it . 
  that 's all he cared about `` will millions of people find out ? '', 
  it 's interesting to note that when resurrected , they still have their previous scars . 
  however , all of jon 's scars are on his body , none on his face . 
  and , this is a surprise ? 
  very good point - easier to copy than to originate . 
  kip - just a short note to let you know that we , who have been following the police shootings , noted that charleston immediately took action against those `` killer cops '' you mention . 
  we ( white and in florida no less ) were surprised that south carolina took such swift action as it seemed that as the birthplace of the civil war it would not do so . 
  stay strong and my condolences are with you and your `` courtly city by the bay . '', 
  btw , visited charleston and found it warm and welcoming - with lovely houses , distinct architecture and a love for dogs . 
  so many charlestonians stopped and complimented my pug , who was wearing an adorable pink fleece hoodie . 
  i had no problem with your font . 
  i do n't think joining the eu is as good an idea as you think . 
  it has it 's benefits and drawbacks - bankers and european elite run the eu . 
  some countries do better than others . 
  they will give you loans you may not be able to repay - given the skimming of the top done by local ukr elites . 
  then the eu will demand austerity measures that the whole population will have to repay with added interest . 
  right now greece is looking to default . 
  anti-austerity parties ( read leave eurozone ) are gaining traction in spain and the uk , which never adopted the euro , is looking to redefine its participation in the eu . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  i do n't understand how to read these charts . 
  it looks very planned , and more disturbing , very practiced . 
  i think they had seen you before walking with your group ** while they were out scouting deserted rural areas . 
  did you ever see them again because i think were from out of town . 
  it 's probably an out-of-towner . 
  just a theory . 
  there are so many cameras everywhere in urban areas , that an impoverished rural town with drug addicted prostitutes is a good bet for a killer . 
  what about the woman that answered her cellphone , went into a convenience store and then vanished .
