  here 's the deal . 
  trump initially stated that nk was china 's problem . 
  but ... the trump family needs $ $ $ $ from china . 
  so , the policy is now changed . 
  nothing is going to happen . 
  trump was just shaking them down . 
  sadly , there 's only one shower scene , the original . 
  disturbing by itself , the context made it terrifying . 
  i first saw the shower scene on tv as a teenager completely unspoiled . 
  the killing came out of nowhere . 
  i invested in marion and her circumstances , and abruptly , she was dead . 
  at this point , all bets were off narrative-wise , i committed 100 % to the story . 
  when vera miles went into the house to snoop , i was on pins and needles and cried out when she turned mother around . 
  the movie , imho , is so intense that even on tv , on an afternoon , with commercials , the fear/suspense roared forward . 
  the only time i ever cried out while watching something on tv . 
  note : this is from `` suddenly , last summer ; '' liz is in character , playing catherine , who was very unhappy on that beach . 
  no smile . 
  still sultry . 
  i agree with this . 
  lose your job , stay unemployed a while , and you do n't have many options for marriage or other community participation . 
  this flawed reasoning makes me question the conclusions of the study . 
  the answer for the decline of white male participation in the workforce is found in the 1960s , where we first witness the steady decline . 
  i think that the civil rights act and women 's movement played a key role in this . 
  the economy just did not grow fast enough to accommodate everyone entering the workforce . 
  these events directly impacted white men , but no one wants to say it . 
  they had the highest labor force participation before the social movements in question . 
  it stands to reason that the lower end of white men , regarding skills and motivation , would suffer as higher skilled more motivated minorities and women competed against them . 
  before , these groups were excluded from the competition . 
  who would you hire , a white male high school graduate with little job or education progression , or an ambitious woman with a community college degree ? 
  of all the lies , claiming syrians are faking a chemical gas attack is one of the worst from putin 's regime . 
  give me health care or give me death ; pretty much sums the situation up . 
  yeah , and some land owned by texans , arizonans , etc. , too . 
  building the wall will be tied up in the courts for years to come . 
  u/errk _ fu - neither can i. 
  have you seen tillerson 's statements ? 
  they are no more 30-50 words long . 
  often just a sentence or two . 
  thank you u/delafayette and u/fissureking . 
  whatever one wants to call it , we are reaching the threshold of criminal negligence . 
  of course , the presidency is immune from many civil & criminal liabilities . 
  yeah ... is disappointing too pointed or should i say troubling ? 
  ron paul , are you on moscow 's payroll now ? 
  are they aware most of us think you are bunkers ? 
  did moscow not have any other ( more credible ) takers to their offer ( bribe ) ? 
  not a bad idea . 
  after trump builds some part of his wall , we can turn it all to solar panels , wind farms in `` no man 's land '' on the us side . 
  add in nice gardens , some fountains , outlet shopping and you have a tourist attraction . 
  we all realize the chinese have planned for every moment of this meeting , down to the floor plan of mar-a-lago & the psychological profile of the president 's companions . 
  our side has not even determined the menu yet . 
  sad , but true . 
  yes , low bar . 
  just not upsetting the applecart is a win today . 
  i just realized that don jr. saw political office as a money making opportunity . 
  i think page is looking for better terms . 
  the fbi already spoke to him ( i do n't remember where i read this , it is impossible to keep up ) and he knows what he is up against . 
  so he goes on tv , reminding the powers that be that page still exists and that with a little help he can be gone . 
  page is the lynchpin of the rosneft deal , the quid pro quo of the trump presidency . 
  between putin and trump , page expects enormous amounts of cash and a safe life elsewhere on the planet . 
  i think that is what he is trolling for . 
  maybe page thinks he 's more relevant than is . 
  yes , the rosneft deal can be proven w/out him , and perhaps tptb do n't even think of him . 
  but the case is easier to prove with page as state 's evidence . 
  that is the only i can for the weird tv appearance.s . 
  someone has to . 
  otherwise , people may be in for a big disappointment if the criminal justice agencies do n't have enough to go to court . 
  not that trump and his cronies are innocent , they are not . 
  it 's just that classified intel is hard to use as evidence in court . 
  applies to `` all of trump 's men . '', 
  most innocent people do n't have the power to obstruct an investigation in this way . 
  they are dependent on false alibis from family members , friends & family to clean up the crime scene and overall lying . 
  this type of obstruction is particular to an influential political figure . 
  liz should consider herself lucky that venal , corrupt man has decided to cut communications . 
  her day suddenly became better . 
  yep , seems there were two with jason :, 
  1-he was having an affair that in utah could be a second wife . 
  2-he laundering russian money . 
  it sure looks like the russian had all their pieces on board . 
  it looks like a third possibility , too . 
  remember comey sent a letter stating he was reopening hrcs email case to congress . 
  chaffetz then leaked it . 
  jason then received a $ 10 million donation from trump . 
  not sure about this , just a rumor . 
  both - vampire & turtle . 
  is that clearer ? 
  not by their inaction ; they all accepted russian money in different ways . 
  there 's a crowd-sourced analysis on twitter of trump 's campaign contributions . 
  ( right he was not self-funded . ), 
  it 's showing lots of phantom donors and russian-owned firms ( though american in name . ), 
  not really , these attorneys are changed whenever an admin . 
  changes . 
  but , it is curious ... 
  trump has not appointed all his open positions , allowing appointees to continue on their jobs . 
  then he ids this person for removal . 
  weird ... 
  probably removed red-hot trumpers w/out ids . 
  ( it 's indiana ! ), 
  what a laugh , which pr flack suggested this ? 
  supposed it plays well with the frankentrumpers . 
  he does n't care . 
  either following frankentrump 's orders or playing to the base .
