  yep - someone gets thrown under the bus when the group is finished with them for whatever reason . 
  at this point - so-and-so is an alcoholic and their fellow drunks are just shocked . 
  this happens after so-and-so has lost their usefulness . 
  this is very important . 
  i am surprised at how `` sandusky acted alone . '', 
  yes , penn state ended up in big trouble - but someone had to bankroll that boy 's charity of his , especially in the early days . 
  what about the boosters who took sandusky and kids to bowl games in private jets - where are they . 
  nope just a lot of whispers and then nothing . 
  that charity was a grooming factory for white , vulnerable boys - he started it when he was just beginning as an assistant coach . 
  where did the seed money come from . 
  he was not rich . 
  i do n't believe it was sandusky 's private playground . 
  or perhaps mr. putin is behind the leaks -- it 's not like the eu is letting him do what he wants . 
  also , note how this stuff is first aired in tabloids -- so that it can die a quiet death if no further revelations need to be made . 
  my favorite part of this story --, 
  when mcnamara told jfk that american jews had helped smuggle enriched uranium out of a nuclear plant in pennsylvania ( i think ) , jfk sighed at the boldness of our ally and then , perhaps realizing the importance of the jewish vote in large northern city political machines said ,, 
  `` well , i supposed israel needs the bomb . '', 
   yeah i was n't saying she named her character that after a gay guy, 
  i do n't think margaret mitchell thought about that angle , either . 
  this is also to intimidate coalition air pilots . 
  i am not putting you in danger , my friend . 
  this is their war , their ideology , let them figure it out . 
  stay safe -- godspeed . 
  this is very true . 
  a good book on the subject is `` a peace to end all peace . '', 
  to intimidate pilots flying missions for the coalition -- including us , uk - several arab countries . 
  this !, 
  not again ... 
  blue -- for both, 
  what , no star trek -- would have loved to see the end of the enterprise 's 5 year mission . 
  ** thank you for a common sense response . 
  i just stumbled on this sub-reddit and ca n't believe the grief you are given in the comments . 
  yes , the comparison to the nazis is valid - the russians , who defeated the germans , did not stop to consider whether this or that individual german soldier could be rehabilitated , had participated in mass murder , or * really wanted to be there . 
  he was part of invading force fighting a war of annihilation . 
  at this point , survival was at stake . 
  for people in the middle east - near isis - iraq , iran , saudi arabia , jordan , syria , turkey , the gulf states , isis is a ** clear and present danger . 
  this is an existential threat and , such , deserves the overwhelming response . 
  this means violent action , unfortunately . 
   they 're pretty mellow in the us , but they also live in the us . 
  funny and true . 
  all good points - please edit milleniums and the * pbuh * section -- the first sentence is very good and should be quotable . 
  cheers . 
  i disagree - having many muslim friends and acquaintances here in the us . 
  extremist muslims are a direct result of saudi and gulf funding of a very puritanical , fundamentalist brand of islam . 
  yes , you are correct as to the root cause - dismantling the ottoman empire , the oil factor , the cold war and , of course , support for israel . 
  but , now -- today -- it 's the elites in the gulf states . 
  maybe it 's a self-reinforcing loop or whatever . 
  at some point , you have stop looking at the past , stop unearthing root causes and focus on present conditions . 
  this is tough . 
  it seems you do n't want to accept reality and your depressions are forms withdrawals . 
  another way of saying this , the betrayal brought out feelings of being bullied in the past , you regressed to an earlier state . 
  it seems to me you were highly dependent on this girl for feelings of self-esteem . 
  she supported you while you got better , but this was very taxing on her . 
  relationships like this are not healthy - but do n't spend time analyzing it . 
  just feel the feelings , own them and take action in your life . 
  instead of the therapist and the meds , please consider a more straightforward approach . 
  - accept that this has happened and your life is where it is . 
  acceptance is the first step to overcoming any misfortune . 
  - plan your day - and force yourself to go outside and meet people . 
  even if you just volunteer somewhere . 
  even if you do n't think it will do any good . 
  you can still do a lot between 3 pm and 9 pm . 
  - join toastmasters so you get back to public speaking , for example . 
  eventually , you should get out of your funk , even if initially you do n't feel like doing it . 
  `` you must lose yourself in action or wither in despair . '', 
  it 's more of a chi-chi thing to do among parents . 
  and , it gives idiots this completely false of sense of personal power - refusing to vaccinate . 
  `` i wo n't let the doctor vaccinate dakota - and i got exemption from the school . 
  now , while i do n't like the cafeteria 's food , i simply do n't have time to pack her a lunch every morning . '', 
  it 's pompous , idiotic and dangerous all at once . 
  * acceptance is very difficult and you ca n't force it . 
  however , `` act as if '' - pretend you have accepted it , what would you do now ? 
  * regarding telling yourself to do something . 
  just wait until the day itself and then do what you want to do - even if it 's just going to the drugstore or something . 
  just make sure you talk to someone in line or at payout . 
  * i suggested toastmasters because it would be a low risk place - you wo n't care what they think . 
  it 's first step - there may be others . 
  * do n't think about accountability -- think of it as self-care and taking care of yourself . 
  think small things -- baby steps . 
  wishing you the best . 
  i believe his contemporaries sized him up best . 
  he was shrewd politician , well-versed in parliamentary politics and domestic affairs . 
  he was completely out of his depth when it came to foreign policy . 
  as churchill put it --, 
  `` neville chamberlain looked at foreign affairs through the wrong end of a municipal drainpipe '', 
  it should be noted that most of britain wished to avoid war and chamberlain did what he could to secure peace . 
  unfortunately , it was wrong approach . 
  i do n't think germany should have unified - not in 1870 . 
  caused too much death and destruction . 
  love the expression of his face , wisdom and skeptism of age . 
  the rat pack , the mob , the seedy glamour of it all . 
  now , it disney world for adults . 
  z directed by costa gavras is the quintessential political thriller . 
  i do n't think you need to much a definition -- it is simply a thriller where politics for a key part of the plot . 
  this looks fishy to me . 
  is it standard to commit suicide in germany if you are caught in a scandal ? 
  at any rate , he embarrassed schauble deeply . 
  schauble was lecturing his greek counterpart on addressing corruption in greece when someone brought this up . 
  this happened in front of the press . 
  maybe he was encouraged to do it .
