  maybe they 'll sweeten the severance settlement . 
  yes , this is a horrible situation , and there are no good options . 
  but , you are better off employed at six months at your current salary than unemployed with only two months severance . 
  does anyone else have any ideas ? 
  your daughter is lovely and a lucky girl . 
   you set a high bar there pops, 
  yes . 
  and not just in furniture . 
  you set a high bar for future son-in-laws , too . 
  yep ... [ entymology uncertain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spain#etymology ), 
  jon and dany marry , despite knowing she ca n't produce an heir . 
  a horrible , costly battle with the ww ensues , and practically everyone dies , including dany 's dragons and jon . 
  nevertheless , the humans win the battle of the dawn . 
  after burying john in winterfell 's crypt , she goes to the ramparts and sees drogon 's carcass burning . 
  melissandre joins her , having failed to revive jon a second time . 
  they wait quietly for dawn . 
  she sees the sun rising ; melissandre looks shocked . 
  dany 's asks , `` why ? 
  is something wrong ? '', 
  melissandre answers `` the sun ... it 's rising in the west . '', 
  dany feels a quickening in her belly and lightly touches it . 
  my friends and i were disgusted by our `` fellow american 's '' behavior -- two silvers is splendid , especially considering the stress she was under . 
  what 's going on with the nails/paws ? 
  btw , you captured the eyes perfectly . 
  this is how a pug who loves you looks at you ,, 
  while i do n't identify with lf , i can see why you would . 
  hope you find your own catelyn or sansa . 
  wishing you the best in everything . 
  melissandre - i spend a lot of time and money trying to look younger than i am . 
  still have n't sourced the necklace , though . 
   i chanced to watch it . 
  i was really young and generally could n't sit still for dramas - plus as a child of the 70s i was so over black & white and my folks , being children of the 30s , always watched b&w movies . 
   and yet i was riveted . 
  that 's how i found bette davis . 
  hardhome is the best action scene . 
  i saw it right after botb and just preferred it . 
  for quiet moments , cersei awaiting the results of blackwater with the children and ladies . 
  so tense , the sinister preparations already made . 
  for cgi , dany 's rescue by drogon in the fighting pits ; he flew around making terrifying noises , smoking people alive , getting hit , losing half a wing and , then , in a subtle bit of action on his part , silently communicating `` we got ta get the hell outta here '' to dany . 
  mace -- comic gold . 
  i found the constant communication with the mother a bit too `` in real time '' during such a blinding blizzard . 
  also , op ca n't see far ahead of her , yet quickly gauges the man 's height at 6 '' 4 . ', 
  however , a bus is not difficult to obtain ; they are cheap , and kids are used to them . 
  ivanka ran the government while he just showed up closing deals . 
  pence survived on horse tranquilizers and ailes pruned the republicans of any anti-trump elements . 
  good point . 
  unless it 's vital to confront the statement , let it be . 
  using weasel words just says more about the speaker than the subject they are talking about . 
   if experts said something then i want to hear them say it . 
  and why they are considered experts . 
  `` four out of five mediums recommend the be in the know 900 line for accurate prognostications . '', 
  your point about links is valid . 
  an article will cite a prestigious publication , a long scientific title , and even a date . 
  remarkably , it will omit both the author and the link . 
  a little search quickly shows that the article , if it even exists as noted , comes to different conclusions . 
  good point about competing studies . 
  anybody can commission a study and massage the results to show what they want . 
  for example , a study by the institute for climate change denial states ... 
  you just described a way testing arguments for acceptance by stakeholders - trial balloons . 
  when the fallacious argument falls apart , the parties pushing it can say `` well , these are other valid reasons , too . 
  we are still on the same team . '', 
  let 's not forget probably . 
  any reference to language abilities is always questionable . 
  for example , `` our global , multilingual team ... all speaking variations of english . '', 
  we have bilingual service ... by non-native speakers of dutch and frisian . '', 
  `` our talent bilingual staff ... which counts one recent immigrant from iran who speaks a little english and farsi . '', 
  to follow up --, 
  mention the languages : spanish , english , and russian . 
  and abilities -- all speakers at the college-level ; talk , read and write . 
  and pear-like products . 
  i remember when she responded to bernie by saying something to the effect of `` college education should be more affordable . '', 
  well - from $ 25k per year tuition to $ 24,999 qualifies . 
  i prefer later or latest version of the software myself . 
  as in , let me install the latest version , your version is out of date . 
  and then i install version 6.2.3.5.8.9 a. 
  or when you a publish journal for studies your association funds . 
  according to a double-blind , peer-reviewed study in the journal of naturopaths , massive doses of vitamin k may improve your vision . 
  found - came back smelling like garbage and very happy , her big adventure . 
  thanks for the upvotes . 
  thanks !, 
  yes , i meant that it was another use of weasel words . 
  it 's russia -- there 's always a dissident . 
  in this case , it was a snowflake refusing to turn into a ring . 
  the paperweight in 1984 . 
  when i first read the book , i led a very bleak life with nothing beautiful in it . 
  the paperweight seemed symbolic of a better life , filled with lovely things , friendly people , festive parties . 
  i felt it was a precious , small , and beautiful item ; one could easily hide it from those that took anything lovely away . 
  i still remember how i felt when i first read the description , even after all these years . 
  he does n't see reagan as the man who started the downfall of his country . 
  it 's either yeltsin or gorbachev . 
  yeah , there 's a comic/clown aspect that ca n't be denied . 
  in ft. lauderdale , you can immediately spot an out of touch euro by the speedo . 
  even old , fat men wear them !, 
  omg !, 
  some euros wear very tight trunks , or weird brief-type suits high waisted , covering the navel , but no pant legs . 
  however , many are now wearing long surfer style suits . 
  for women , if you do n't a have a bikini body , wear a cover up when walking on the street , especially if you do n't have a tan . 
  for god 's sake , wear sunscreen . 
  you will turn red and have to walk around with a white , zinc covered nose . 
  do not humiliate yourself in this manner .
