  this is my favorite stat !, 
  i was raised in a very conservation spanish , catholic family . 
  if i had eloped before college , i am sure my parents would have thought i was a whore and the boy a rapist . 
  if this law had existed , i am sure they would have invoked it . 
  i read in another site that you guys were following the boston marathon bombings in real time . 
  i came here and was just fixated , kept pressing refresh , thought that you guys were going to catch him . 
  sorry about that poor man that committed suicide , though . 
  because the police can not solve crimes , they only arrest the obviously guilty . 
  works best in a group when you behave normally with everyone else , but never address them and when they address you - look about one foot to the left of their head and answer minimally . 
  also , whenever they talk , look very bored . 
  he 's so young -- could be in high school !, 
  the big girl could n't figure out how to get out . 
  that look is saying `` hey cowboy , how ` bout ya help n ole gal like me . '', 
   his church was n't open for much longer after that . 
  i think the building was re-purposed as a garage or something . 
  love this line . 
  that is in very good shape . 
  think of picking it up and putting it on ebay . 
  this is excellent advice -- especially the marijuana , thorazine and amphetamines . 
  there is no reason to make a terminally ill patient to suffer . 
  my dad was given three months to live ; with aggressive chemo - in pain , vomiting , no hair , eyes unfocused - had to wear eyepatch , wheelchair , etc. , he survived 11 months . 
  there was no cure -- he should have lived those three months in peace , visiting spain and maybe passing on there . 
  thank you very much --, 
  thank you again -- she just mentions this only happens when she has been walking - the standing is n't such a big part of it . 
  my sister is , too . 
  take care ... 
  `` sadly , that 's not what society expects me to do , i 'm just suppose to get good grades , become a doctor and work till i am too old to do anything . 
  such is the life of an asian '', 
  i know . 
  try to do something just for yourself once a month . 
  even if it 's just going to another city 's music festival . 
  i was more afraid of death when i was younger . 
  but , now ... well , it seems like something that will just happen . 
  what i do n't want is to linger past 80 -- quality of life just plummets - i ca n't imagine being 107 . 
  me , too . 
  i was devastated when my beloved pug , brazen died on may 1st . 
  i still cry when i think of her . 
  a lot of people are just like you -- please invest wisely . 
  i meant - are you investing wisely in vehicles with good investment returns ? 
  i became very conservative after 2008 and the interest rates are so low - but the stock market seems overpriced . 
  to be honest , i am considering specialty index funds . 
  in your 20s is not too early to start understanding this . 
  trust me looking / analyzing your portfolio is a full-time job later on . 
  start now !, 
  when it is still relatively small and the available investment vehicles easy to understand . 
  you 'll find the complexity grow as you get older . 
  btw , 16 % with 5 % matching is great . 
  try to add an ira at year end . 
  even if its only a few hundred $ and buy a cd . 
  you 'd be surprised how they grow on their own . 
  good work !, 
  good for you !, 
   first things first , fuck that bitch . 
  what an awful way to act , and it 's shit that she would put you through something like that . 
  she is genuinely a terrible human being , and she always will be . 
  i 'd like to believe someone like that would get what 's coming to her , but maybe she wo n't , that 's life i guess . 
  some people are just so unsympathetic to ( or straight up just do n't understand ) the degree of mental health issues . 
  but she acted beyond that , and showed herself to just be a bad person . 
  at least your not like that ... 
  you are much better off without this bitch in your life . 
  i have been in the same situation , during bouts of depression . 
  my sister has acted the same way . 
  first step for me - keep her at arm 's length . 
  you are fortunate - she left . 
  be very , very careful . 
  i made the terrible mistake of confiding in my boss ( yes , i know ! ) . 
  he seemed so considerate , understanding , wanting to know all about it . 
  i opened up to him , he seemed like the only person who cared . 
  well , there was a reason he cared . 
  he was something of a sadist , and when he realized that i was susceptible to stress , he went about purposely stressing me with job assignments . 
  the more he knew about me , the easier it was for him to get me to fall apart - from little things like getting lost in the building ( wrong floor ) to sending emails without attachments to suddenly producing substandard work . 
  you are right to be cautious - just be careful . 
  there are people out there who want to take advantage of the mentally ill . stay safe . 
  they never remember , do they ? 
  so many name stories . 
  here 's mine . 
  nmom told me that i was supposed to be named sylvia rose , except that a relative had twins the month before and stole the sylvia name . 
  she had to scramble and put together a first/middle name in the few weeks remaining . 
  she actually named me after herself . 
   never tell anyone in a position of power over me , and i try to never show i 'm upset or hurt by behaviour , it 's like limping in front of a predator . 
  very well stated . 
  wow !, 
  cry me a river -- and now the latvians are terrified of russia invading and want nato , i.e the us , to protect them . 
  i see two small issues, 
  1 ) the us has the largest jewish population outside of israel -- why should they pay to protect latvians who collaborated with the nazis to eradicate local jews , and quite effectively , too . 
  2 ) latvia , as well as estonia and lithuania , were only created by the treaty of versailles - they were part of russia for hundreds of years before that . 
  of course , the bigger issue is that these 3 lovely baltic countries should own up to their own history . 
  tierras_ignoradas is by a phrase in adelfos , a poem by the spanish poet manuel machado . 
  it refers to the desolate lands where the flower symbolic of the poet 's passion grows - simple , exotic , without color or perfume . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with the baltic countries . 
  i have not ignored the baltic countries - in fact i know far too much about their activities in wwii . 
  i understand the languages are different , as is the religion and culture . 
  but , so is quebec 's from the rest of canada . 
  having a different language does not guarantee a right to a separate country . 
  in spain , the basques speak a different language completely , there different dialects in different countries . 
  well -- you collaborated with nazis -- remember the now extinct jewish population in riga ? 
  not according to wikipedia , key quote :, 
  `` the german army marched into riga on 3 september 1917 . 
  on 3 march 1918 the treaty of brest-litovsk was signed , giving the baltic countries to germany . 
  because of the armistice with germany of 11 november 1918 , germany had to renounce that treaty , as did russia , leaving latvia and the other baltic states in a position to claim independence .
