  he dies off-camera . 
  hopefully , he 'll do more than that . 
  i thought of that , too . 
  me , too . 
  the current khal is a cheap imitation of khal drogo . 
  hopefully , ghost will kill and eat olly . 
  yeah , like why did roose , knowing his little tike , ramsey , like he does , explain to him that he lost both a greyjoy heir and a stark wife because of the `` games he plays ? '', 
  ( bolton-speak for sadism ) . 
  and again remind him of a legitimate heir in the oven . 
  too stupid to live . 
  they will , they will . 
  remember how long tyrion was awaiting trial in season 4 . 
  cause cersei was willing to do what it took to get out . 
  that is what is implied . 
  in the workplace , or any competitive situation :, 
  * trust no one . 
  ( i do n't mean , do n't talk to people , but think what their motivation might be to say what are saying , what 's their spin ? ), 
  grayscale helps you find lost objects . 
  it has a `` lost dany 's ring '' app . 
  stupid yes , but in character . 
  i do n't know ... 
  i go back and forth . 
  `` to live and die in la '' had more varied noir settings . 
  there were too many highway shots in true detective 2 . 
  that was fantastic, 
  a perfect early example -- robb stark becomes suddenly stupid midway through season 2 and gets progressively worse through season 3 . 
  by the red wedding you almost feel like roose was forced into it -- to avoid a suicidal commander . 
  it 's always darkest before it gets really black . 
  winter came a long time ago , i am afraid . 
  so many problems come down to economic dislocation ; the elites do n't want to change how the economic benefits of globalization are distributed . 
  it just has n't started snowing everywhere yet . 
  you need to engage the terrorists to stop this on-going carnage . 
  otherwise , you will just be attending funerals and mourning the victims . 
  btw , the victims do n't know you are mourning them . 
  i wondered that , too . 
  in the past , some eu countries have paid off terrorists not to attack them . 
  for example , the plo in the 70s and 80s . 
  it could simply be the germans have better security services than france . 
  another point may be that attacks in france make a bigger `` splash . '', 
  would the attack receive as much attention if it had occurred in hamburg instead of the french riviera ? 
  let 's not go there yet . 
  some countries may have to do so , though . 
  i was reading in * the guardian * that people were running to restaurants and shops only to find closed doors and drawn curtains . 
  many were already full and could take no more in . 
   edit : i 'm just spitballing here . 
  yes , you are . 
  destroy mecca and you will enhance its status as a pilgrimage site . 
  obama did not do this , he did not order it , it is not a byproduct of his policies . 
  this violence is caused by the destruction of iraq - blame 43 . 
  one of the videos looked like an old arnold schwarzenegger movie . 
  i disagree ; he needed to disengage from iraq after the horror perpetuated by bush administration . 
  the us does n't need to be in that place . 
  unfortunately , no one was interested in nation-building , too much money , no glamour . 
  so a vacuum was left behind . 
  it 's like we left with a shrug and said , `` we wanted to liberate , sorry it did n't work out . '', 
   destroying countries in the me , like libya and syria , allowing extremists to take over and encourage more to their sides and to commit atrocities . 
  some things ca n't be justified , you do them and never talk about them again . 
  i hope your scenario does n't happen . 
  i totally agree . 
   we have to realize that this is not random violence . 
  it 's not some kind of entropic chaos that we ca n't understand : it 's time for people to watch the videos of the dead , the broken , the bleeding . . and actually change something so these horrors are reduced in the future . 
  easier said than done . 
  you see , it is random . 
  iss has a policy where a terrorist does n't need permission to do something like this . 
  so lone wolf attacks are very difficult to stop . 
  you ca n't surveil the entire `` suspicious '' ( however defined ) population because it takes multiple people to track one person . 
  and , lone wolves still fall through the cracks . 
  we have destroyed iss 's pseudo-state in iraq and syria . 
  yet , they have us on the run in places where conventional military responses do n't apply . 
  just be happy they are just terrorizing the population . 
  they could analyze the infrastructure and determine where to hit our interconnected systems to cause the most damage . 
  hard to take , yes . 
  but , better than the opposite . 
  totally agree . 
  where 's the video ? 
  much worse and birth rate is an issue , too . 
  even if you stop all immigration to france , now . 
   the reality is that most people are in a position where , if they lose their job for some reason , they could become poor , not because they did n't try hard enough or chose to be poor , but by sheer bad luck . 
  there are examples everywhere of those people , who often are not able to recover from that situation by themselves and as a result stay poor for a long time , if not their whole life . 
  totally agree . 
  there 's lies , damned lies , and big data . 
  i agree . 
  fwiw , wolves and lions stay out of each other 's habitats in the wild . 
  in europe , the wolves drove the lions south to the mediterranean . 
  a pack of wolves is ( after man ) the world 's apex predator . 
  nissa nissa is melisandre -- that could explain her obsession . 
  i do n't know who azor ahai is . 
  assuming this story is even true in the form we know it in westeros . 
  toxic relationships . 
  madonna looks like her . 
  is n't the taller jean patchett ? 
  this is a semi-candid photo of liz and burton relaxing on a boat . 
  she 's still wearing her cleopatra makeup from the day 's shooting . 
  the bikini was dark turquoise . 
  yes , they are a dime a dozen and most have better veneers , other details , and attached original mirrors . 
  you did a wonderful job giving a new life to this old dresser . 
  the color is also nice , giving a nice 60s refinished vibe to it . 
  like something mary quant would own . 
  thank you for clarifying the difference . 
  many americans do n't know .
