  no idea -- just reporting what i heard . 
  poor thing -- tail down the entire time . 
  please explain how an emotional feeling that someone is backstabbing you is something to just let go . 
  sometimes the feeling precedes the actual realization . 
  very 60s liz taylor - great hair !, 
  homeless person . 
  they probably noticed you before . 
  the coordination with the truck and man was too coincidental for it to not have been planned . 
  sorry , if i just scared you more but be careful walking around there . 
  a little like christina hendricks, 
  yes -- the five eyes - us , uk , canada , australia and new zealand . 
  all up to their eyebrows in spying . 
  they would spy on each other to circumvent laws against domestic surveillance and then share the info . 
  during the 1990s the uk recorded almost all telephone conversation in ireland . 
  it 's not just the us . 
  israel -- the rest of the world does n't understand why america supports israel on whatever it wants . 
  i 'm pretty sure germany/france have not joined the 5 eyes club nor expanded it to 7 eyes . 
  they keep requesting , but are turned down ; although there is some sharing of info . 
  the 5 eyes is strictly anglo - i think the brits thought it up but the us funds it . 
  complete with sending the other eyes money from nsa budgets so they can bypass parliaments in those nations and not get asked questions . 
  it 's a club - germany and french can beg all they want , but they are n't part of it . 
  what is it about the brits ? 
  is snooping and eavesdropping a big part of everyday life there ? 
  u/themadchild is correct . 
  medication can stop these obsessions . 
  ita -- i think one of the reasons it looks primitive to us is that the colors were not that flat , etc. 
  there were probably glazes , shading , variations and other effects . 
  yes , it makes it so much more vibrant , though . 
  one of my favorite episodes - gary lockwood nailed mitchell ; and i loved this early depiction of kirk before he evolved into an interstellar womanizer . 
  the righteous - some much courage to help jews back then . 
  i do n't if i could have been one of the righteous or if i would have been found with jews hidden in my florida room . 
  i believe this could be a staged photo . 
  pre-code hollywood - great stuff , thanks for sharing . 
  thanks !, 
  she has been found . 
  she has been found . 
  yes , she appears to be . 
  i will !, 
  do n't know -- there were no witnesses to what happened at 7-11 when brazen got away . 
  i just know from witnesses - how she got picked up ; and how she was captured @ 7-11 and her time with katherine at her house . 
  please help -- i am sure there is a common answer as this is not a unique question . 
  it 's for a team building activity at work, 
  i am sorry , if it 's an easy answer , please help . 
  i do n't do this type of puzzle well at all . 
  i have tried many times, 
  thanks to person who told me to google it, 
  anyone know how to access this page for august 30 , 2012, 
  thanks !, 
  no article , video , or collection attached . 
  it was a question for people who knew the internet and helped me very much, 
  i was doing laundry and not paying close attention . 
  i hate myself for it . 
  i have a fence , but do n't want her out there until she 's older . 
  this is a beautifully composed shot . 
  i got a pug puppy and the next week she got out of the house ( i was n't paying close attention cause i did n't think she would sneak out when i took the laundry to the outside utility room . ), 
  she was eventually reunited with us -- after two horrible days -- those chips really work . 
  i ca n't imagine what you are going through . 
  but , think : can i volunteer at an animal shelter ; can i foster a pet ; can i adopt a mutt no else wants ( who may end up your best friend ) ? 
  there 's stuff you can do -- do n't wallow in depression . 
  best of luck !, 
  * europe 's last summer : who started the great war in 1914 ? 
  * by david fromkin makes a good case for the germans knowingly starting the war . 
  in brief , prussians were feeling left-behind in germany due to the wealth from rapid industrialization in the western part - rhur valley , etc. 
  that coupled with a prevailing sentiment that they were n't respected as a world power , made them create a bunch of excuses for preemptive war . 
  i agree ... one of the biggest indicators that something is wrong is the complete absence of common animal noises - animal noises common to that place - no bird noises , no crickets chirping , silent cows . . 
  large breasts are a curse ; i do n't understand implants . 
  that is a gorgeous picture !, 
  during the depression , the writer 's group looked for find any existing slaves and their descendants . 
  these are slave narratives , first person account . 
  please see, 
  vogue , life , home and garden . 
  i looked up the articles in the university school library that still had the original copies . 
  they all stressed that he was bachelor and that many women were after him . 
  * life * even had an end ariticle about this in the issue that featured his invasion of poland . 
  population control ? 
  late to the thread `` the story of o '' -- it was just horrible , i skipped all the s&m stuff that she willingly participated in and got to the ambiguous ending . 
  later , i found out it was author 's allegory for her marriage !!!, 
  in this case , i feel sorry for the guy . 
  did you know it 's an allegory of reage 's marriage ? 
  pity the poor husband whose wife feels this way . 
  i had the same problem when i was young . 
  i `` blossomed '' during my 13th year and was constantly harassed if i walked anywhere . 
  there is only one thing to do when they slow down and start a conversation . 
  scream at the top of your lungs `` get away from me . '', 
  - yes , while he 's still in the car , before you say anthing else and you are still outside his car . 
  they all drove off . 
  guess they thought i 'd be more trouble than i was worth . 
  the british museum -- so many statues wanting to go home . 
  same for the lourve . 
  totally wonderful !, 
  i agree with everyone 's comments . 
  * regarding the eastern front - it is a bit thin and dependent on germans available at the time , who had an axe to grind , both in terms of the weather , the vast expanses and hitler 's generalship . 
  a better eastern front documentatry would be [ soviet storm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0a6uwkk2u4s&amp;list=plnnmfyy_ccrhl0yajzy3r5nfq2-xr22di ), 
  * the beginning regarding that small town in france states the impact of the war and cruelty briefly and concisely . 
  * olivier was the best narrator for this very serious topic . 
  * i was surprised about how unsantized it was regarding the deaths . 
  today 's documentaries have polite `` look away '' footage after an initial description or still . 
  * * red star * was heart-breaking ; it brought the suffering and need for revenge of the russian people to life , with their words and poetry . 
  very , very good . 
  [ r/documentaries ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/ ) considers it the best ever .
