  she was a disaster . 
  just the text related to the murder in the article . 
  hmmm ... 
  i see what you mean -- but this type of information comes out in tabloids first and then is quoted by the respectable press . 
  there are reasons for this . 
  well -- that his personal life is complicated . 
  that he is rich and has a beautiful young woman on the side . 
  none of this surprising , btw . 
  because she was causing too much chaos . 
  crashing the israeli embassy meeting , getting the seal killed , having a critical political prisoner commit suicide while she slept in the same room , inviting pussy riot , going off message at a summit . 
  did you see how she was treating the israelis and the palestinians as children when she was getting them to compromise and how uncomfortable they looked ? 
  she was completely played by the russian ambassador ( whom she previously insulted in the ladies room ) . 
  if she could be played by non-putin , the chinese could play her too against russia 's interests . 
  he probably felt better with a professional in charge . 
  more predictable . 
  yes , soft eyes . 
   verbal conjugation is quite reminiscent to my old high school spanish days, 
  true . 
  thank you for your research into people like this -- it makes all understand how violent america was . 
  rigging elections -- the problem is they are too amateurish -- really , they need to study chicago . 
   but , it 's obviously him sending a message to his entire opposition by killing a member that was much less relevant than others, 
  after much thought , i realized that this was the motive . 
  otherwise , i could n't understand why he would this . 
  i beg to disagree -- i spent a month in russia and can tell you its `` differentness '' is very striking . 
  also , russians tend to discuss art and literature and all sorts of stuff most americans are not interested in . 
  when i visited the tretyakov gallery , i saw a very excited little man , leading a bunch of soldiers around explaining the paintings . 
  i was told that on sundays , russian army goes to museums . 
  these were young men that did not want to be there . 
  they managed to find a video game some place and were looking at that surreptitiously . 
  this would never happen in the us . 
  if the us army was forced to visit museums on weekends , they would mutiny . 
  georgian foods and wines are awesome . 
  however , they are a little heavy for western tastes -- perhaps some sort of novella georgian cuisine that has been lightened a bit . 
  this was my first thought too . 
  it happening right in front of the kremlin with all those security cameras and ukrainian girlfriend going on a stroll with him . 
  ( she had just arrived that day ! ), 
  an internal power struggle from someone unafraid of the video surveillance system . 
  that 's what creepy . 
  i just think `` one war a time '' - isis is just so much worse than putin . 
  and , netanyahu is more volatile than putin . 
  i 'm sure the ukr does n't want to be absorbed into russia -- my family comes from spain , ask the spaniards how good it is to be part of the eu , or the greeks . 
  the average person would be just as well off under russia as under the eu . 
  just wait in bills come due !, 
  corrigan -- the man was discussing suicide and she not only insisted the russians have no access to his cell , but she took a nap . 
  saw it with my own eyes . 
  i was shocked . 
  if a banker makes a bad loan , he deserves to take the loss and write it off . 
  if a banker makes a bad loan , he deserves to take the loss and write it off . 
  if a banker makes a bad loan , he deserves to take the loss and write it off . 
  not on reddit , but another web site . 
  someone i was close to figured out who i was and started posting the most horrible posts , just terrible things . 
  i stopped going to the web site . 
  cuban here - the cubano , the inimitable cuban sandwich . 
  attended several corporate functions and ate at the roof of the world restaurant . 
  two things struck me - it was very utilitarian in its d\u00e9cor ; not super rich looking the world financial center across the street . 
  elevators were fast . 
  one more thing - it was awesome , looking down and seeing clouds . 
  yes i do - the clouds like waves underneath the floor i was one . 
  i do n't know -- i remember ( well , read about it ) when vietnam started with just advisers . 
  yes , i agree . 
  lee harvey oswald was not some nut , but russian-speaking former defector who was either an fbi informer or an watch list of theirs . 
  the cia did not report that fact a month earlier he had gone to mexico to try to defect to cuba . 
  the whole jack ruby thing . 
  dying -- although the rich live about 10 years longer than the poor - it 's not like that decade 80-89 is a something to look forward to . 
  ego death . 
  everyone faces it , rich or poor . 
  although those who believe in an afterlife go more peacefully . 
  wealth is positively correlated with education , and higher educated people have a higher percentage of unbelievers . 
  this is a case where a poor religious person facing death more calmly than a wealthy atheist . 
  this looks so amazing . 
  ** in general ** an atheist can look about at feel it 's time to go ; the pain is too great ; the body is not functioning optimally . 
  he would expect ego death calmly , realizing it 's time to end it . 
  a religious person would not expect ego death , he would expect to `` wake up '' in world without pain , where they would still be themselves . 
  big difference !, 
  ' i tell you the truth , it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven . 
  again i tell you , it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of god . 
  when the disciples heard this , they were greatly astonished and asked , `` who then can be saved ? '' jesus looked at them and said , `` with man this is impossible , but with god all things are possible . '' matthew 19:23 -26, 
  anecdotal evidence - my dear scientific number cruncher . 
  in medieval times , the rite of extreme unction was very important ; it , in a sense absolved the sinner , let them go to heaven . 
  i know one - her secret eat little , exercise more , slather on moisturizers . 
  well , you are definitely the target . 
  how much does it cost to get this information ? 
  here [ in their natural habitatat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmklud_r8os ), 
  hopes it works !, 
  thanks !, 
  what is prison mentality . 
  lack of reciprocity of intimate feelings is always a tip off . 
  let us know - it was painful reading . 
  i do n't mean to insult anyone . 
  but the neocons see russia as `` an easy win . '', 
  they are all in the pay of their defense contractor friends . 
  last time they saw `` an easy win '' was iraq . 
  hope common sense prevails - however , the baltics are destabilizing ; every day another one shows up with evidence of putin evil doing . 
  much more than the poles or the germans . 
   `` the fruit of the tree of knowking good from bad '', 
  what does that mean ? 
   the messiah will be an ordinary human being who fulfills all the prophecies during his life . 
  jesus did n't fulfill any of the prophecies , and then he died . 
  game over, 
  yeah , but he rose from the dead .
