  this allowed gangsters to wrap themselves in religious ideology and tap the vast pool of `` violent young men '' with nothin to do . 
  the solution , sadly , is to let it play out and adopt effective anti-terrorist measures , something the belgians have not done . 
  the french otoh kicked ass after bataclan . 
  we ca n't `` nuke them from space , its the only way to be sure . '', 
  they are too dispersed . 
  counter-terrorism will create society like israel , but with each country 's taste for authoriatism mixed in . 
  what else is to be done . 
  this is a very good point . 
  targeted raids , assassination and all over disruptance of terror raids should the belgian top priority . 
  but they have done nothing , this is a failure of their intelligence and security services . 
  like the spanish inquisition ? 
  europe does n't have the manpower/infrastructure for that . 
  not to mention , no public will to that . 
  yes ... our friends the saudis . 
  yes , you ca n't `` nuke them from space , it 's the only way to be sure . '', 
  they are dispersed and act on their own initiative at times . 
  the only way -- become israel , always on the lookout , human rights violations , etc. 
  sad to say , but true . 
  no -- if the eu ends , it will because their financial elites are transferring their losses to the local population . 
  this excarebates unemployment within eu countries , and even more among `` other '' groups within each country . 
  you need to consider counter-terrorism activities . 
  that 's the only way to get the ones already living in the eu . 
  bombing syria will only create more refugees . 
   you mock ( including people who have been personally affected ) then offer nothing . 
  you are worse than useless . 
  yes , very true . 
  but most eu countries -- due to austerity measures -- do not have the manpower to mount an effective counter-terrorism response . 
   hopefully our democracies will remain ` open ' and not turn into surveillance states . 
  no , this is the new normal . 
  it depends more on how much money , and who will pay , for added protection . 
  counter-terrorism actions and intelligence cost money . 
  this is what the eu does not want to spend . 
  especially , belgium . 
  there 's a good case for letting it play out on the ground . 
  as long as this pull this kind of stuff , they will be newsworthy . 
  the issue is , how to stop them , through intelligence , counter-terrorism actions that cost money , manpower and time . 
  you may want to retire that counter . 
   some people want to bring the crap with them that made their homes places they wanted to escape . 
  some people come here specifically to do things like this . 
  and until we have a way of sifting those people out , you have to shut down the influx of people from the countries they come from, 
  in a nutshell . 
  no one will support genetic warfare ; the populations does n't feel right about profiling . 
  you are delusional . 
  it 's just so much of the same , same , same ... 
  isis sympathiezers act on their own . 
  without instructions from on-high . 
  they are radicalized . 
  yes , if persons who -- however tangentially are connected to isis , and then act alone . 
  the group claims responsiblities . 
  it legitimizes the terrorist attacks in the eyes of their supporters and get another attack for free . 
  nor false in a religious sense . 
  allah is the jewish god and the christian god the father . 
  brush up on your religious history . 
  it will come to canada -- just take more time . 
  no kidding -- i thought the same thing . 
  well , if muslims die that 's somehow to be expected , but white privileged people in the heart of the eu hq -- that something different . 
  what people believe `` is ; '' is more important than `` is '' objectively . 
  but the technology has not been deployed by the belgians ; they have suffered from budget cuts and other eu austerity measures . 
  sad . 
  will be lost -- but fear brings out the worst in people, 
  unless obviously biological , it is probably a mental disorder . 
  i had a male friend who was very femine , he started the process . 
  i applauded . 
  then i hear about celebrity children before puberty thinking they are a different sex . 
  sorry , that needs to be investigated . 
  this is not a surprise . 
  this is why she wanted her own server , because she did n't want the favors she granted for donations to the clinton foundation to be subject to foi requests . 
  i do n't have much hope of hillary being brought to justice on her server shenanigans . 
  i 'm sure japan will do well . 
  but , i ca n't help but be concerned . 
  air superiority usually requires mobility-meaning carriers . 
  carriers need escorts , meaning carriers become part of carrier groups . 
  after you have your first fully equipped , superior carrier group , there is an overwhelming need to get more . 
  the japanese , planes , carriers ... this may not end well . 
  competent police work . 
  yes , all this solidarity after attacks is getting old -- the attacks keep happening . 
  i 've noticed many sources being unwilling to continue blaming europeans / imperialism / racism for terrorism . 
  as some point they need to stop . 
  one way or another . 
  no , but given their situation in belgium , they might want cell phones purchased with ids . 
  not that would change anything , as fake ids can be made ... but still ... this looks bad . 
  some animals should be extinct . 
   i do n't see the passion of the christ as anti-semitic per se , as while the jewish villains certainly look , shall we say , distinctive , they can also be seen as generic forces of evil as much as they can be seen as jewish villains . 
  in this sense , the passion of the christ is anti-semitic as schindler 's list is anti-german and 12 years a slave is anti-white . 
  i agree . 
  the film is no more anti-semitic than its source material , which to many is the word of god . 
  in terms of what gibson was trying to achieve , we need to consider the nature of religious art . 
  such as gothic cathedrals , the ceiling of the sistine chapel , the art of raphael , etc. 
  the purpose of this art is to instill deep religious feelings in the viewer . 
  in some cathedrals , such as the one in reims , everything is designed to create an elevated feeling of exaltation . 
  tpotc simply shows that christ suffered and died for our sins . 
  during its screen run , many people were inspired to go to the police and confessed decades-old crimes , after a screening men would suddenly rise and declare themselves for christ , viewers would re-watch it while praying their rosaries silently . 
  i do n't think modern art theory explains this . 
  instead , look at it as medieval/early renaissance art . 
  yes , probably a bad joke on my part . 
  the red and the black - stendhal, 
  so funny, 
  niles : maris never liked holding hands , she has slight webbing between her fingers . 
  frasier : the woman has no skin pigmentation , [ in the sun ] she sears like a mahi-ahi tuna . 
  i noticed that when jaime was sailing to dorne , they passed tarth , the sapphire isle .
