   i 'm not american , but you can bet i imitated them . 
  did you know the words to anthem ? 
  can you sing it ? 
   do n't say anything even close to negative about soldiers or the military , people will just freak out . 
  if you meet a member of the armed forces , immediately say `` thank your service to our alliance . '', 
  ( or whatever is appropriate ), 
  do n't be aggressive about grabbing a parking space . 
  the first car gets it . 
  in florida , people have been killed for stealing a space . 
  i know . 
  i 'm just talking about tourists and did n't loudly . 
  just a quiet , respectful acknowledgement . 
  idk , anyone who risks their lives and health for our sometimes dubious wars deserves to be acknowledged in some way . 
  by pug , brazen came to a room , stopped in the doorway and looked around ; she saw my mother , my dogs and me relaxing in front of the tv . 
  she then left the room and urinated on mom 's bed . 
  it was so intentional and calculating . 
  she knew it was wrong and wanted to make sure the coast was clear . 
  she completely lived up to her name . 
  good for you - most americans do n't know all the words either ; they pick up at the end with - `` the land of free and the home of the brave . '', 
  hey , guys , i did n't mean to offend you !, 
  i know a lot of you do n't see combat and others do n't want awkward remarks like this one is i guess . 
  wo n't thank for service again . 
   the way many people do it is a bit obnoxious . 
  they mean well . 
  after wwii , i understand , no gi could buy a beer on his own for a couple of years . 
  somebody would always offer to pay . 
  fixed it . 
  the essence of cool . 
  sad but true . 
  in a way , the modern world would n't have happened without it . 
  a question for / r/askhistorians , i guess . 
  the little guys , dying to perpetuate their species . 
  sorry -- i hate to say it , but sometimes when people are at rock bottom , there is a reason for it . 
  your comment details exactly how israel got the fissional material . 
  they stole the uranium from us . 
  when mcnamara told jfk - the latter sighed , `` well ... 
  i guess israel needs the bomb . '', 
  the things we tolerate from this ally . 
   we let our ally pakistan sell nuclear technology to iraq and nk . 
  did we let them or did they just do it ? 
  yes , and both kit and liam appear to be in character when they leave their dressing rooms . 
  winterfell surprised in the middle of the night ? 
  i thought it was cigarettes . 
  was he inspired by seven brides for seven brothers ? 
  yes , my stylist is gay and accidentally used the word homosexual , and he was silent . 
  i immediately knew i had committed a faux pas . 
  it makes sense . 
  go on youtube about all sort of `` homosexuals '' warning videos from the mid-century . 
  here 's a [ psa against homosexuals from 1961 ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbgh9kk2lt4 ), 
  in spanish we do n't use `` homosexuales , '' we say `` los gay . 
  and other less kind words like homo ; as in `` homo passion job '' to indicate a lovers quarrel ending in death . 
  ivanka knows her dad acts like a caveman around women . 
  given his paternalistic attitude toward his children , i assume that he warned her about `` men like me . '', 
  my dad was the same way , and he warned me constantly about sexual predators . 
  yep ... using himself as an example . 
  me , too . 
  i am sure if you go back further enough , they are all related to one another . 
  i think this part of the prophecy already happened . 
  rhaegar was azor ahai , and lynna was nissa nissa . 
  did n't you see the bed covered in blood with a sword beside it ? 
  john is lightbringer . 
  i think melisandre 's corpse might have some use in the coming seasons . 
  mary kelly 's eyes were the only part he did n't mutilate ; her face was a mass of flesh , and he removed the eyelids . 
  he posed her head so that anyone entering her room would think she was staring at them . 
  well , that 's not news to anybody paying attention . 
  in the case of miguel , seeing his high-demand among producers , closing the deal on the last episodes with him as director , as soon as possible , seems likely . 
   ygritte yields to jon, 
  you must mean jon yields to ygritte , 
  tile -- it changed my life . 
  instead of going through months/years of therapy and habit building , use technology to solve the problem today . 
  you call it from a smartphone . 
  the tile ( attached to the object ) makes a noise so you can find it . 
  if the object is not in the vicinity , tile will show you where it is on the map . 
  it 's not that expensive -- $ 70 for four tiles , and it is the best purchase i ever made . 
  clean it with hydrogen peroxide ( dissolves organic matter ) and bleach . 
  dry it with cloth and wrap in cellophane . 
  drive out of the city to get away from cameras . 
  go into a wooded area -- do n't go too far in , you 'll get lost . 
  take it out of cellophane and bury it . 
  you could also just drop it in a river . 
  bury or dispose of the cellophane and cloth elsewhere . 
  obviously , you are doing all of this with gloves , and you are looking for areas near water . 
  edit : from the replies below --, 
  -- you need to look for areas near water in case you need to ditch it quickly . 
  -- obviously , do n't have a cell phone with you . 
  -- thanks for the info on gps in the car . 
  i did n't know about that . 
  -- do not talk to the police for at least 48-72 hours . 
  be very polite and say `` i want to help ; let me just check with mom before i do anything . '', 
  then `` sorry , she wants our family attorney there with me , and she wants to come , too . '', 
  then - show up with mom and a real estate attorney or whatever she has . 
  really , op why did get yourself in this complicated situation . 
  do n't even get me on how to get rid of the body . 
  [ turner 's thesis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frontier_thesis ) . 
  the paranoia results from american colonists ( later citizens ) spending the first 300 years or so fighting native americans on the frontier . 
  it also explains the gun culture and , sadly , the ultimate destruction of native american culture as well as the us reliance on total war . 
  after feeling relatively secure for a while , pearl harbor took this underlying fear to the nth degree and made it global . 
  it 's not a race ; it 's an ethnic group . 
  latinos first started referring to themselves that way , and then everyone else followed .
