  to distract from this struggle , they are resurrecting the old , threadbare russian threat . 
  the europeans are scared of russia 's actions in ukr ( which the euros entirely provoked ! ) . 
  since the invasion , they have calling washington to deploy us troops closer to russia . 
  so they can feel safer . 
  what i do n't understand : why does the us let them get away with not paying their share of nato expenses -- only a few countries do , the remainder are `` working towards '' paying . 
  do n't worry , it 's all a shadow show . 
  the us will not risk nuclear war with russia over latvia ; russia will not risk nuclear war with the us over latvia . 
  ( please do n't tell the baltics no one cares that much about them . ), 
  for most us/europe/russia conflicts , i 've found al-jazeera to be great , same goes for the israeli papers . 
  a lot of entities have paid commenters . 
  r/politics was filled with hillary shills . 
  it seems her campaign felt the bernie supporters needed `` their perceptions corrected . '', 
  sounds orwellian , sounds stalinist . 
  i do n't know -- did n't we start the week with meryl streep . 
  so much has happened in one week , it seems unreal . 
  it depends on what u/haysus25 is doing in finance . 
  is he creating financial reports from information given to him by cpas or is he calculating derivatives ? 
  florida reporting : why do tourists think canals and artificial ponds are watering holes ? 
  not here , they are full of alligators , water mocassins , and other scary things . 
  used to work for the irs - agree . 
  you are one the good people . 
  he will surely fight back . 
  expect smear campaigns , planted evidence , even broad daylight murder . 
  his people already told the cnn reporter that he would be thrown out of the next press conference if he ( they ) `` ever did that again . '', 
  ( either referring to him pushing trump for an answer or the network for publishing the story . 
  it 's unclear . ), 
   yes , i am dissapointed with his reply . 
  who appointed you judge ? 
  and , btw , it 's spelled `` disappointed . '', 
  aside : ca n't even write , must have inherited any money he has . 
   also , i have n't seen anything mentioned about making sure it 's affordable . 
  key point . 
  nothing stopping persons with pre-existing conditions from being offered insurance at steep premiums !, 
  it 's appalling . 
  there are many chronic illnesses with low-grade symptoms ; many mental ailments fall into this category . 
  but also , for example , mild epilepsy . 
  get diagnosed with epilepsy and guess what -- problems all over the place . 
  not just with health insurance , but driver 's licenses , auto insurance , doctors demanding appointments every three months for refills for medication to keep a driver 's license , etc. 
  different entities monitor the patient for the rest of their life , each with different rules . 
  not to mention nothing is a secret anymore ; how easy violating hippa is . 
  i know there are public safety concerns , particularly with high-symptom patients . 
  but , those who just space out now and then avoid diagnosis . 
  even though the medication to make their lives better and the public safer exists . 
  patients with serious mental illnesses often get their doctor to enter a lesser condition to leave out a diagnosis that causes additional problems . 
   diabetes , heart disease , amputations , chronic illnesses , and it was only because of the aca that they were able to get treated . 
  i met a woman who finally could afford the knee surgery she had needed the past 30 years . 
  i think your employer was covering more than 2/3s . 
  not enough people know about biosimilars . 
  yes , it was called `` faux insurance . '', 
  i did n't have faux insurance , but i was terrified to use it . 
  even the drugs the insurance co. paid for a root canal i paid out of pocket resulted in a premium incresase . 
  i saw it as $ 600 / month catastrophic insurance . 
  the plans mentioned above are not catastrophic plans ; they are those cheap health plans sold through `` insurance panda '' that had very low maximums . 
  yeah ... many of your ayan rand followers would prefer persons with chronic illnesses and rare conditions to die off if they ca n't pay . 
  particularly , if the disease is genetic . 
  you are n't thinking of darwin , though , because the sick rich would be unaffected . 
  they had plans that were essentially fraudulent . 
  the cheap plans , with numerous limitations , insurance panda would hawk . 
  aca made such plans illegal . 
   those cheap subsidized plans for chronic conditions mean other people are getting gouged , badly . 
  you are lying !, 
  those cheap plans did not cover chronic diseases and small yearly and lifetime maximums . 
  some even had ceilings for certain procedures , drugs , and treatments . 
  they were like an average dental plan . 
  remember , `` there is no why ? '', 
  i understand your dislike of the ending , it seemed like the producers tacked an action ending to an otherwise thoughtful film . 
  she was cleaning her old grandfather 's home in pennsylvania . 
  he died two weeks ago , no one but herself attended the funeral . 
  that was a good thing ; she did n't waste money on flowers , hearses or anything else the funeral `` family care specialist '' hawked . 
  she even rented a coffin before she cremated him . 
  cleaning the house was n't that bad , it was small , and the area he lived in before he died was smaller still . 
  this is where the gross smells were ; everything else was just dusty . 
  the old-people smell was everywhere . 
  she threw out all of his belongings -- pictures , furniture from different times , dishes , kitchen appliances . 
  they were n't worth anything . 
  she tossed the ashes , too . 
  now , she needed to paint , water the lawn and see what she could get for the house . 
  she did look in his change jug -- nearly empty , she guessed he had been slowly using them for cigarettes or whatever . 
  grabbed the remaining coins and left them on a change tray at a convenience store on the way to get paint . 
  ian went to kwik-mart for a pack of smokes and spotted a copper shilling on the platter . 
  he asked jorge , the cashier , if he could keep it . 
  jorge nodded , absently . 
  ian had not seen one of these since just after the war . 
  it was an unusual coin , created just for photographs . 
  not very valuable , maybe $ 1,500 . 
  the shilling was in mint condition . 
  the coin brought back memories of fiona ; they had worked on its photo shoot together before she left him for a yank and settled in america . 
  ian yelled at his grandchildren , `` guess what i found ? '', 
  the kids looked at it in wonderment . 
  ian felt he needed to comment , `` reminds one of the days of empire , does n't it . '', 
  his wife , pamela , looked at it , `` i have n't seen a coin with old king george on it in fifty years . '', 
  `` kate , do n't put it in your mouth , dear . 
  you do n't know where it 's been . 
  we 'll get to gettysburg soon . '', 
  and the lovely english family continued on their road trip . 
  ian and pamela planned it so their children could have time to themselves and the grandkids could see america . 
  `` coming to america '' blared from the speakers as they left . 
  trump knows better than anyone what people can pick up on just being casual guests at a property . 
  my feeling is that he will run his presidency from property he controls to keep the comings and goings a secret . 
  of course , how expensive is it to buy a membership at mar-a-lago , to stay at his hotels and rent office space in his buildings .
