  teon & yara would probably die and the ironborn would elect another leader . 
   and , euron would commit atrocities . 
  desecrating daenerys ' corpse seems likely . 
  another example , after cleganebowl , he executes the hound with fire . 
  euron could use a kraken or two to kill off a dragon . 
   this leak seems like a rushed ending that ties up all the loose ends . 
  with different characters executing key plot points . 
  for example , jon maybe the one to kill daenerys and become azor ahai , but in a rushed ending he is somewhere else . 
  or yara as leader of the ironborn because there is no time to show good leader emerge and be elected in the pike . 
   if the leaks prove to be true , i will not watch season 8 . 
  i agree with you . 
  or it could just be ... avoiding repetition . 
  dany did got on top of drogo and insisted dario disrobe before anything so she could look him over . 
  ygitte had to force herself on jon snow . 
  producers said `` hey , let make jon initiate sex this time and danys respond . '', 
  true . 
  fortunately , in 50 yrs or so , we wo n't hear any more florida man stories . 
  no , bunch of us are still here . 
  irma looks dangerous , did n't it would stay so strong . 
  i know miamians who relocated to orlando . 
  are now racing to atlanta . 
  not a leaver . 
  but naples looks bad . 
  not yet, 
  weather channel w/brian norcross, 
   russian hookers ? 
  putin paid for those, 
  but death by fire is purest , most desirable death, 
  but death by fire is purest , most desirable death, 
  they can say disruptive all they want . 
  at this point , we know they profiting from sex trafficking and foreign powers attacking our republic . 
  ( so far !, 
  i understand the facilitate drug trafficking by providing platforms for china to illegally sell fentanyl to opioid addicts in the rust belt . ), 
  the optics are just bad . 
  facebook & google probably want to wait for things to die down . 
  yeah zuck , i do n't believe you will be president . 
  always fight back . 
  peaceful protests , first . 
  but , if you are harassed by a nazi who gets in your face , you are right to defend yourself . 
  for example , if a woman leaves a subway station followed by man yelling sexual epithets at her , she would be right to feel threatened and mace him . 
  i do n't understand how this happened . 
  i know ludendorff suddenly requested an armistice - and then took it back . 
  however , his request started a sequence of events that lead to the armistice . 
  still - why surrender when your territory has not been entered and you still occupy land belonging to your enemies . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i do n't even understand why ludendorff requested an armistice and hindenburg let him . 
  thanks in advance . 
  my sister who has been active most of her life , but has become very sedentary because she now works from home has been complaining about lower back pain . 
  the symptoms are : she gets the pain when she has been walking or standing for about 30 minutes and get relief the minute she sits down . 
  so far , that 's it . 
  her vitals --, 
  \u2022 age - 54, 
  \u2022 sex - female, 
  \u2022 height - 5 ' 3 '', 
  \u2022 weight - 145, 
  \u2022 race - white, 
  \u2022 duration of complaint - started a few weeks ago , without any precipitating event , like lifting something . 
  \u2022 location ( geographic and on body ) - s. florida , just the lower back , nothing on the legs . 
  \u2022 any existing relevant medical issues ( if any ) - she drank a lot and had borderline pancreatitis ; has been sober 45 days . 
  \u2022 current medications ( if any ) - paxil 30 mg ; klonopin 2mg, 
  \u2022 include a photo if relevant ( skin condition for example ), 
  i am thinking of taking her to an urgent care clinic , what doctor should i take her to . 
  did you ever get over it ? 
  what advice do you have to those on the receiving end of getting fired after character assassination , bullying , gossiping ( mostly false about you ) ? 
  what do you think caused it ? 
  in many stories about cleopatra , it makes it look like a cosmopolitan city , much more sophisticated than rome . 
  is this true ? 
  were there any other ancient cities that were not exactly tourist destinations , but great places to live . 
  i lost track of hsbc a while ago . 
  so i know they are up to no good -- and they are arrogant . 
  but , lately , it seems to have heated up , emma thompson is somehow involved . 
  can someone provide a good summary or link to one . 
  last i heard they traced the vehicle to an agency that provided cars to the finance ministry . 
  has the girlfriend returned to ukr ? 
  also , some dash-cam that showed a smaller while cad parked behind the street cleaner . 
  any more ? 
  nice review of their social life . 
  why does it matter that she had her own ; why does her server being at her house matter . 
  i was just diagnosed with what used to be called coated tongue . 
  it seems to be related to bad breath . 
  i recently had much work to eliminate cavities , decay , and gum disease . 
  now i have a 6 step process to treat my geographic tongue . 
  it sounds so made up . 
  like a pharmaceutical company discovered both the condition and the treatment simultaneously . 
  please let me know if it 's okay to just brush my tongue with my regular tooth brush . 
  thanks ,, 
  it seems like there 's a good explanation for anything . 
  having visited moscow , i know the flu can last two weeks of absolute misery . 
  however , the longer this lasts , the weirder it gets . 
  the us govt claims it does n't know what is going on . 
  i woke up at 3 am in a sweat . 
  i had dreamt that he shot me in the head ( he did n't ) , that the wound closed , but no hair would grow back . 
  have n't been back to sleep since . 
  it seemed to be some sort of staff decision , with a lower officer motoring around hearing horror stories . 
  could they hold out a little longer ? 
  zachary taylor , when asked said `` let it be robert e lee . 
  what if lee had said yes ? 
  i do n't the latest version , just a recent enough to catch on all the features . 
  which latest version would you recommend ? 
  is this a good field to enter ?
