  were the participants on the call `` unmasked '' because spooks were listening for something else and stumbled upon flynn on the line ? 
  fox news , please !!!!, 
  he was wiretapped because was on the other side of a call made by the russian ambassador . 
  these calls are routinely monitored and have been since at least the 1940s . 
  no , brazen my pug does . 
  yeah , that was yuge . 
  it was even on the cover of time . 
  was n't pence an outsider ? 
  i do n't think he is privy to what the inner circle knew about this . 
  apparently , right now , he is trying his best to remain clueless . 
  if trump starts talking about russia , pence slowly backs out of the room . 
  mcconnell stopped the dossier from being made public , and his wife was named transportation secretary . 
  he 's compromised and , reportedly , skipped the fbi meeting . 
  when has he even cared ? 
  he went on tv in 2009 or 2010 to state his legislative goal was to make obama a one-term president . 
  party over country . 
  well ... we are still a long way from downfall . 
  i can speculate that the donald , who is familiar with bankruptcy proceedings , will try to negotiate the best deal possible for himself . 
  who knows ? 
  ca n't even say , `` yes , as far as i know . '', 
  herculius , you are entitled to your opinion . 
  i certainly see where are coming from . 
  maybe you wo n't feel this way when things get out that make you uncomfortable . 
  the fbi is currently pursuing an investigation that goes beyond the trump campaign and the trump administration . 
  it is concentrating now contacts between private members of the trump organization and russia regarding the lifting of sanctions . 
  while i do n't want to make any assumptions , it appears , more and more that a quid pro quo was involved . 
  if this is the case , the president 's political allies will run for cover . 
  i did n't mention pedophilia ; you are deflecting . 
  the mossad already knows trump may be compromised . 
  they are very good at predicting subsequent moves . 
  i would n't mess with them . 
  trump should have reassured netanyahu . 
  however , after a call a few weeks ago from king abdullah of jordan , he changed his mind . 
  strange . 
   bibi might be israeli , but he 's giving our gop a run for their money when it comes to hypocrisy . 
  the israelis do n't take what they consider to be existential threats lightly . 
  my feeling is that they thought they had a deal with trump and then he blindsided them . 
  moreover , bibi wants political distance from trump . 
  he is aware of the russian issues . 
  it 's not a ship turning away from republican orthodoxy ; it 's a ship trying to distance itself from trump . 
  this change in direction ca n't happen overnight . 
  right now , there are four motivations for increasing maneuvering room among republicans . 
  * entanglement in some nakedly criminal enterprise . 
  * outrage over a blatantly treasonous act among the more patriotic . 
  * political cover in case a smoking gun surfaces . 
  * hatred of the man , in particular among those that ran against him ( and their associates . ), 
  yes , like to so many foreign policy problems , this one began with our side interfering . 
  i suspect that left unsaid is that after peace is declared , us/rs set ukr 's eastern boundaries at western reaches of the russian army and the us recognizes crimea as belonging to russia . 
  ( putin already signed an order to convert east ukr passports to russian passports . ), 
  the eu and nato do not participate in the peace discussion . 
  sanctions lifted . 
  everyone happy : trump org. , putin , oligarchs , exxon-mobile , and other players get minor shares of the deal . 
  even one or two is worth millions in the long-run . 
  i thought the same thing about rico penalties . 
  a significant impact on the kids . 
  the two older brothers , jared and ivanka , may be caught up in this mess . 
  melania can make a valid case that she could n't understand . 
  it could all come crashing down . 
  heard rumors of a rumor that money from wh and trump org was leaving the country . 
  rico allows for triple civil penalties . 
  i am not sure , but a pardon shields one from criminal prosecution but not civil suits . 
  yes , the president ca n't be charged with any crime until after he is removed from office by the senate . 
  if it gets to that , a pardon would definitely be offered as a way of getting him out quickly . 
  you know , i do n't think he got the full 19 % . 
  most probably that share was divided among the participants . 
  my understanding is that order to the call to the russian ambassador was trump  manafort  flynn . 
  manafort and flynn were under surveillance through fisa court warrants . 
  so maybe the fbi have him talking to one of his accomplices . 
  trump 's part of the deal . 
  * lift the sanctions , give east ukr and crimea to putin . 
  * set up a puppet rump state in west ukr . 
  * exclude nato and eu from the proceedings . 
  russia 's part :, 
  * hack the dnc and discredit the democratic primary process . 
  * conduct social media activity to influence voters ( which would need a center to execute and trump 's campaign did not seem to have one ) . 
  * a share in rosneft . 
  the man has no shame . 
  what if he tries this with other countries ? 
  what if he sets a bidding war in the middle east , where he determines policy by who gives him the biggest amount ? 
  another thing , what if putin comes back for more . 
  like , you can build a resort in sochi , we 'll finance it . 
  now , about the baltic states ? 
  well , flynn did , too . 
  he probably discussed it with trump because flynn reported to him . 
  i was not aware of that distinction . 
  another day , another dossier . 
  this leak sounds like a warning to trump . 
  agreed . 
  i think the spy ship off the coast of washington was also a message . 
  i noticed that trump mused about shooting it during his stream of consciousness press conference . 
  glad they are calling it a secret plan . 
  that is just what it was . 
  trump is even on record stating no computer is safe , and the only way to be secure is to type it out and send it by courier . 
  remember that sally yates received her firing notice via sealed letter sent by a courier . 
  this one is hard to call . 
  because at this point , everyone has a motive . 
  the brits and israelis because they are always among the `` usual suspects . '', 
  an advanced arab intelligence service , because russia is doing thankless work in syria . 
  the us , because of the russian penetration of their intelligence apparatus . 
  the russians themselves , due to their byzantine factionalism .
