  latvia , with riga as its capital city , thus declared its independence on 18 november 1918 '', 
  they did n't defeat the germans at all !, 
  the germans were forced to renounce there rights because of the armistice . 
  do n't know about the russians - but there is no mention of them being involved in a war to recapture the baltic states . 
  i believe russia was more occupied with other things in 1918-1921 . 
  i was unaware of this - please understand i am an american and was taught the versailles treaty established separate countries for the self-determination of peoples under the direction of our visionary leader woodrow wilson . 
  to me , i ca n't get over the anti-semitism of many countries in eastern europe - not just the baltic countries . 
  moreover , regardless of ethnic differences , russia has historical rights to it . 
  the baltics are too small and too insignificant and with too checkered a history to justify the nato alliance for . 
  does anyone really think the us will risk european war to save riga ? 
  look what happened to the ukraine 's agreement of understanding when it dismantled it 's nuclear arsenal . 
  none of the signatories honored it . 
  for this reason , it would have been more prudent to leave them out of nato and provide other aid . 
  in fact , i never understood why gorbachev let them go . 
  these people became the yuppies of the late 70s / early 80s . 
  i was in my teens in ft. laud . 
  at the time . 
  it was wild -- i remember girls like you - i was n't allowed to talk to you . 
  i was going to st. thomas aquinas and closely monitored by priests , nuns , my mom , my dad and my grandmother . 
  ** wild times , great to be young and free . 
  so many stories . 
  ** my dad was a civil engineer and his boss invited him to his home . 
  well , it was such a big deal - he had just come from cuba and he thought this important recognition for his hard work . 
  my mom spent a week sewing a jackie o inspired dress . 
  when they got there , it was a wife-swapping party . 
  they left , immediately . 
  the fashions do n't match for the 1920s . 
  her hair is not a 20s bob . 
  this looks like the 60s and there is something creepy about the picture . 
  especially her expression , - the eyes , and the way her hands are . 
  i hope it was a happy marriage . 
  at the height of the battle of britain . 
  as he wrote - `` it was good time to live or die . '', 
  totally badass . 
  it looks like a gutter ball , , 
  back then , they would try to look modern - not today . 
  how times have changed . 
  they were freedom fighters then . 
  fighting the soviets . 
  how times have changed . 
  the marshall plan was a direct result of the beginning of the cold war - it was implemented in april 1948 . 
  at this time , the soviets were in control of eastern europe and western europe was in terrible economic shape , with food shortages and widespread unemployment . 
  communist parties were making headway in elections . 
  in short - i hate to generalize - truman and marshall thought improving living conditions would not only reduce the influence of communist parties ( very large in france and italy ) , it would also allow the us an opportunity to actively engage in their postwar development . 
  the us donated ** $ 160 billion ** in today 's dollars . 
  the ussr was also offered aid , but stalin refused . 
  he saw the basic reason behind it ; he also prevented the eastern european nations from participating . 
  west germany did receive aid . 
  regardless of motivation , the aid was incredibly valuable and very generous , churchill wrote -- `` general marshall 's decision was on the highest level of statesmanship . '', 
  this later got mangled with his referring to it as the most `` unsordid act in history , '' but that is another story . 
  edit : changed $ 160 million to $ 160 billion . 
  wow - very modern look on her !, 
  well , that answers that !, 
  she looks very happy !, 
  thanks !, 
  will edit . 
  thank you , this is very true and deserves to be higher . 
  i do n't know where to begin . 
  has everyone lost their minds over there ? 
  there was more than enough blame to go around , but to falsify history in this way only serves putin . 
  he can point to clear , evident falsehoods in his ** internal propaganda to the russian people . 
  so sad that another long-lived jewish community disappeared . 
  this is so sad . 
  that hideous woman is worse than isabel peron . 
  that said , there is much anti-semitism in argentina . 
  i personally know of a dedicated teacher of argentine origin , who smiled when another member of our dinner party suddenly opined that there too many jews in argentina and they should go up the chimney . 
  i was shocked , speechless . 
  netanyahu 's motivation is to shore his image as the only real leader in the upcoming general election in israel , in march . 
  the republican congress wants to embarrass obama . 
  good deal for both sides . 
  please see -- [ talking points memo feature article ] ( http://talkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/the-great-in-kind-donation ), 
  exactly -- this makes america , israel 's bitch . 
  israeli politicians criticize israel more than any us politico would . 
  you are correct . 
  i love the ones that feel giving destiny a helping hand to bring on the end of days is a good thing . 
  i am so sorry to hear this . 
  i , too , am an refugee -- my father was a political prisoner of castro 's . 
  we got out - complicated story and actually life is much in america than it would have in a latin american country/caribbean island like cuba . 
  sorry , i had the same thing happen to me . 
  it 's like where did all this come from . 
  yes - you ca n't be an asshole , unless your behavior is intentional . 
  those were bedroom slippers . 
  totally correct . 
  it all starts with -- `` i visited a camp in germany - it was so small ; there 's no way that many people were killed . '', 
  all said very disingenuously . 
  never mind that the death camps were not in germany and the germans had mastered `` just in time '' inventory . 
  otoh - glad to see putin attended . 
  the complicity of the baltic countries and ukraine in the holocaust is a touchy subject . 
  what cuties !, 
  in victorian flower symbolism , pansy meant forbidden love . 
  ( get it ? ), 
  they are pretty flowers . 
  just browsing -- the whole pansy thing is misunderstood . 
  mitchell was victorian in some senses , specially symbolism . 
  the publisher talked her out of it because it 's name had acquired different connotations by 1936 . 
  a pansy was also slang for gay man at the time - also a forbidden love . 
  this is pretty much it -- i , too , have had limited experience with powerful people talking among themselves and can vouch for the outrageous lies that group cohesion just accepts without dissent . 
  and , i have only heard petty stuff - but the group just closes ranks even on inconsequential things !, 
  [ guess i never got invited to the serious talks  ], 
  plus , i imagine - there 's already other illegal stuff going on and the pedophilia is just one of many indecent appetites .
