  the playing field has been leveled out . 
  yes , it gives drogon a worthy antagonist . 
   instead , she reunites with drogo and rhaego in the winter storms on the other side of the wall . 
  sweet . 
  i think magic also explains the slow development . 
  on earth , magic does not work , except on a suggestive basis that gives people confidence to do things . 
  for example , if you believe you have given a love potion to your crush , you might be more confident , attractive and attentive to them . 
  it becomes a self-fulling spell . 
  but in the asoiaf world magic does work . 
  witches , warlocks , priests , weird trees , elves , etc. 
  all wield supernatural power . 
  it makes more sense to devote oneself to learning and mastering magic . 
  to become both more powerful and to defend oneself against the practitioners of the dark arts . 
  what 's more valuable there , spending years discovering the basics of physics or one trip to asshai to purchase some spooky articles . 
  not necessarily . 
  the mormonts have lived in the splendid isolation one bear island . 
  they might have come upon a valyrian sword a long time ago before anyone understood their importance . 
  now it 's a family heirloom . 
  they got it because ( due to their isolation ) they have been around a long time . 
  was jon more intelligent in books than on the show ? 
  he is playing the know nothing thing on tv up to the hilt . 
  not accepting magic is why the seven supersedes all other cults . 
  unfortunately , magic is a real thing in the world of asoiaf , so calling it meaningless like judaism , christianity and islam did , is not necessarily positive . 
  let 's not forget that eliminating cults , superstitions , and depraved beliefs ( child sacrifice ? ), 
  is one of the great accomplishments of abrahamic religions . 
  the septons are trying to do the right thing , but in their world , it does not work . 
  he was a child and wanted to be good in opposition to his brother joffrey . 
   she fell in love with drogo in 2 episodes . 
  as a woman , i can say with certainty , jon is no drogo . 
   i think that people are just doing magic and attributing it to gods because they do n't understand it, 
  i think so , too . 
  hear , hear ... 
  hey , if you follow us history , please remember all those presidents leading up to the civil war , u.s. grant , the corrupt ones from the gilded age . 
  he 'll look just fine next to them . 
  in fact , he 'll probably want an ornate frame similar to theirs . 
  no , but i will respond to you . 
  i did n't vote . 
  i just could n't force myself to vote for hillary clinton . 
  i was afraid that when i entered the voting booth , i would just vote for trump out unconscious impulse . 
  i counted on the democratic gotv effort to keep me from dealing with a trump presidency . 
  i wanted a long night with a razor thin win for the dems . 
  something to shake them up and make them listen to `` us peasants down here on the ground . '', 
  fwiw , i agree with trump . 
  all countries that depend on us military support should help in their defense . 
  both in money and soldiers . 
  our veterans are not unpaid mercenaries . 
  the euros need to pay . 
   she is currently acting as the face of the democratic party when she says these things . 
  let that sink in . 
  yep , to be quoted forever . 
  and yet she talks about the dangers of leaving a digital trail . 
  i agree . 
  i can not even imagine why the us in interested in ukn . 
  has nothing to do with us . 
  like north korea is china 's problem . 
  the eu orchestrated the whole maidan thing . 
  completely destabilized the region . 
  when putin reacted to an apparent act of aggression , they called the us to get them out of the mess . 
  my point is : `` no it 's your mess , you clean it up . 
  the russian `` monster '' is at your doorstep . 
  well , how did that happen ? 
  ever occur to you ukn might be a buffer state ? '', 
  jmho, 
  totally agree . 
  unions have their place , but unions should not support persons taking advantage of the system . 
  first , this is not a new phenomenon . 
  it 's been this way since the dawn of civilization . 
  there 's an old ( perhaps simplistic ) slogan - `` civilization happens at the crossroads of trade . '', 
  here we assume a civilization is one that lives in cities and has mastered writing . 
  trade requires several things . 
  a relatively educated workforce , access to writers ( among the first written examples from ancient sumer is a customer complaint letter ) , relatively tolerant attitudes to new ideas and new peoples . 
  without it , your city will not prosper . 
  this cocktail of people , ideas , goods , learning , and writing , creates a feedback loop . 
  accepting one group of strangers makes it easier to welcome the next . 
  writing allows cities to develop `` rules of the game '' ( laws ) , so the players understand how to interact . 
  different peoples accept them to trade efficiently ; the laws also influence how they live . 
  in rural areas , people do not have this exposure . 
  they do n't meet many people from other cultures , their learning is limited to their immediate environment , they do n't understand laws created by others . 
  more importantly , strangers frequently loot them , stealing their crops and livestock or seek to take their land and enslave them . 
  the only friendly strangers are mostly missionaries selling a religion that claims to control the elements . 
  all this makes rural communities much more `` set in their ways '' than urban areas . 
  they do n't like strangers much ; they welcome religion so they can feel control over their lives . 
  god and guns are vital . 
  fast city folks seem to disrespect their god and make everyone vulnerable to his wrath . 
  they do n't understand the need for guns . 
  this explanation simplifies the issue . 
  let 's make it more concrete . 
  if you lived on a remote farm and a stranger came calling , would n't you want to grab your gun ? 
  do n't worry op , it was a cooler time . 
  i did n't mean that . 
  ever read faulkner or carson mccullers ? 
  country folks are not simple at all . 
  i am attempting to explain how conservatism has been traditionally found in rural areas throughout history , though there are exceptions i am sure . 
  i am respectful of religion and understand their views on guns . 
  moreover , civilization would not occur if farmers did not provide surplus food to allow people in cities to learn specialized skills - like writing in ancient times or computer programming today . 
  otherwise , city folks would spend all their time growing their food !, 
  1 -- i was talking about how civilizations arose in history , not speaking of your particular situation . 
  it was in this context that i referred to looting and slavery . 
  2 -- i acknowledged in a later post that cities need an agricultural surplus to develop , that most cities need food from the countryside . 
  3 -- regarding having my car break down in some desolate corner of texas ( yes , i have driven across it several times ) , i would be worried about the members of a remote farmhouse , having seen the texas chainsaw massacre .
