  we are supposed to be distracted by a mission to mars . 
  i do n't believe anything he says . 
  would love mars mission , though . 
  it 's not clumsy to the die-hard trumpsters . 
  at least not yet . 
  this is news !, 
  he was doing trump 's bidding . 
  he wants his obama `` wires tapped '' tweet to stick . 
  nunes is in on it up to his eyebrows . 
  they are already sending out fund-raising emails arguing this very point . 
  and the weird activity in belarus, 
  more importantly , if you are guilty , you try not act guilty . 
  i visited moscow and did n't see him there . 
  i do n't think i was in the right circles . 
  yes , seeing nunes had a winery with russian ties , who knows what else is out there . 
  and what a great & glorious day it is . 
  wow ... ted koppel is still alive !, 
  and , feisty . 
  after the uber disappearing in the middle of the night incident , it 's obvious he does n't want a credible investigation . 
  does that incident seem like something out `` get smart ? '', 
  soon he 'll be holding briefings under a cone of silence . 
  in his own inimitable way , cheney strikes at trump . 
  the united states of america, 
  the crazification factor 27 % ; it is known . 
  he was relaxed and chill at the correspondents dinner , during the bin laden operation . 
  that 's him . 
  did n't the dossier state there were other tapes ? 
  some of which showed sexual crimes committed in moscow . 
  ( what moscow considers a sexual crime , i do n't know . ), 
  occam 's razor : he 's terrified of angering putin . 
  the kompromat must be devastating . 
  my opinion : trump brags about bugging phones in his offices . 
  is it too big a stretch that he does that in vip hotel rooms . 
  where us vips stay and passes info to kremlin . 
  just a theory . 
  that is the last thing he wants !, 
  stare slightly to the side of their face and , in an absent-minded way , say `` nice tie . '', 
  walk away . 
  for women , pick something unflattering , like a skirt with static on it , in the manner above , say , `` nice skirt . '', 
  works everytime and they ca n't complain . 
  but , they get it . 
  our pug 's litter had two different fathers . 
  they were both living with us at the time . 
  no talks about how similar to bear , pillow hunter turned out to be . 
  ( pillow for short ), 
  it 's best not to talk about irregularities in your pug 's littler . 
  `` molestar '' in spanish , means bother . 
  as in `` no me molestes . '', 
  do n't bother me . 
  my mom , in her faltering english , told her boss , `` please do n't molest me now , i 'm busy . '', 
  it also foreshadows an ice dragon . 
  it 's a threat . 
  in older times , the starks held the title of kings of winter . 
  winter is coming , means the stark forces are coming quell a rebellion , or whatever . 
  winter is coming has evolved to a warning to prepare for a long winter by saving from the produce of summer . 
  if narcissists can not have adulation , they settle for notoriety . 
  including death threats and other menacing behavior . 
  see twitter from last year from dead kgb spy . 
  here 's a russian shill/bot account . 
  albert ackman, 
  read it , see how reasonable it sounds , how old it is and it 's pov . 
  the kentucky turtle , mcconnell would be an invasive species in galapagos . 
  think about the planet . 
  this assumes steve bannon 's story about his father is true . 
  i bet it is n't . 
  delusion , especially , group delusion is very hard to break . 
  it ' not a cult . 
  but , trump 's supporters will back him until he hurts them . 
  like nixon 's secret war in cambodia . 
  except less slick . 
  yeah ... he 's a slum lord type . 
  surprised they did n't have more money . 
  i wonder how much is off-the-books , in trusts , off-shore accounts , shell companies . 
  indeed , why would they disclose all their ill-gotten gains ? 
  yes , all this freedom of speech crap we are hearing is a coordinated campaign against reigning in lies and inflammatory articles . 
  you ca n't yell fire in a crowded theater , per wendell holmes . 
  there are limits to free speech . 
  yeah , it was obama 's quiet stewardship that got us out of the 2008 great recession . 
  trump always takes credit for things he did not do . 
  i assume anything he says is a lie , unless it benefits the plutocrats or is flattering to putin . 
  we live in our bubbles , surrounded by others who think like we do . 
  the `` coming out '' of the trumpers has opened my eyes to a side of america i have no experience with . 
  they 're like giant squids , i knew they existed , but had not seen nor interacted with them . 
  trump is saying he did n't do something two weeks ago . 
  he 's saying he did n't force ryan to have the health care vote that friday . 
  he had bannon publicly state they 'd be taking names of those voted against . 
  this not the past , this is now . 
  are you crazy ? 
  edit : sorry , fell for it . 
  the `` a / s tag '' seemed like trumper language . 
  sorry , it sounded so trumpian , i took it literally !, 
  stop deflecting . 
  u/a _ girl_named_lia was mentioning that trump is not even a competent dictator . 
  obama is not part of this conversation . 
  trump is only a few months away from having to be removed from a bathtub . 
  that got him an invite to golf w/trump @ a trump golf course , at taxpayer expense . 
  i do n't understand why he is not arrested . 
  this is it . 
  and , kushner wants $ $ from the chinese , so he will flexible to chinese policy positions . 
  pay no attention to the trumpian statement .
