  hope trump , ever greedy , thinks if he fires mueller , mueller , too , will get a yuge book deal and decide not to out of spite . 
  wishful thinking . 
  the corruptsaurus . 
  * my time alone with trump , creepy dinners , strange phone calls , veiled threats and loyalty oaths . 
  all books have subtitles on the cover now . 
  it will be , it will be . 
  never respond to the white house soliciting input . 
  they do n't want it , just want to identify and intimidate those who criticize them . 
  same goes for sketchy internet surveys about trump . 
  they want your info . 
  trump wants a carriage ride with the queen . 
  the old bird how to make someone uncomfortable while remaining perfectly polite . 
  do n't worry , lilibet will take care of him . 
  and will , kate , and harry will make trump wish he never visited . 
  few options : royals wearing the dazzling jewelry only the british empire could afford . 
  wearing uniforms with real medals . 
  taking him on a surprise hunt and handing him a rifle . 
  endless possibilities . 
  very true . 
  based on everything i read regarding trump & his associates , she was underage , about 11 yrs old . 
  what i do n't believe ... yet . 
  the sex party involved bdsm , and the girl died . 
  i can see your friendly fsb ( kgb ) drugging ( poisoning ) some sad girl so she would not make it through the night . 
  with our dupe left holding chinchilla-covered handcuffs . 
  i do not think trump is that much of a dupe . 
  one thing i know as absolute fact : the kompromat is real . 
  ( russian source . ), 
  do n't know what it is , but would golden showers be enough to shame trump ? 
  afaik , no one has the tapes . 
  rumors abound that germany got them , unconfirmed . 
  worse than golden showers . 
  worse than golden showers . 
  read carefully . 
  it 's a tabloid , focusing on russian hookers . 
  trump 's floor is holding at 40 % percent per 538 . 
  that 's incredible loyalty considering everything that has happened recently . 
  watch what trump does , not what others heard him say . 
  trump will say anything to anyone . 
  it 's just an awkward compliment , probably due to her age . 
  watch what trump does , not what others heard him say . 
  trump will say anything to anyone . 
  appreciate info . 
  besides , it 's nothing i want to see . 
  no matter how damaging to trump , child pornography should not be made public . 
  and , it would . 
  i do n't want to see any tapes ; some one can give me a synopsis . 
  maybe wray lied . 
   it was not a long conversation , but it was , you know , could be 15 minutes . 
  was n't it at one hour , according to witnesses ? 
  in putin 's and melania 's case , there was a translator . 
  i guess because they were seen talking without one the previous day . 
  both putin and melania speak german . 
  sometimes the pettiness of the reporting obscures important facts . 
  the russian hookers are probably the worst section of the dossier . 
  financial ties and quid pro quos , trump figures he 'll skate , always as before, 
  but , something really dark on a digital recording is different . 
  i do n't think golden showers would sink trump . 
  do n't here in america ; the local news would do a story about you and your hero dog . 
  you did a great thing . 
  me , too . 
  loved jon snow 's peak side eye when peter is talking . 
  exaggerated but not contrived . 
  in the books , euron 's goes to ashai to learn magic and stuff . 
  he learns how to make storms , among other things . 
  his crew is mute . 
  ( tongues pulled out ), 
  euron attacks at night through the fog . 
  yara 's fleet , which should be sailing in darkness , was lit up that night . 
  euron was able to use the fog ( created by him ) and silence to creep up on yara 's fleet infiltrate her ships in with his fleet and begin boarding almost immediately . 
  yara 's fleet is entirely taken by surprise and plunged into hand-to-hand fighting . 
  could n't do anything else . 
  yara should have taken ellaria and the sand snakes and put them on a small ship with a capable rower as soon as possible . 
  poor theon , ptsd is n't cured by a 3-minute pep talk by his sister in volantis . 
  exaggerated but not contrived . 
  in the books , euron 's goes to asshai to learn magic and stuff . 
  he learns how to make storms , among other things . 
  his crew is mute . 
  ( tongues pulled out ), 
  euron attacks at night through the fog . 
  yara 's fleet , which should be sailing in darkness , was lit up that night . 
  euron was able to use the fog ( created by him ) and silence to creep up on yara 's fleet to infiltrate her ships in with his fleet and begin boarding almost immediately . 
  yara 's fleet is entirely taken by surprise and plunged into hand-to-hand fighting . 
  could n't do anything else . 
  yara should have taken ellaria and the sand snakes and put them on a small ship with a capable rower as soon as possible . 
  poor theon , ptsd is n't cured by a 3-minute pep talk by his sister in volantis . 
  actress got work done . 
  tl : dr yara needed to use scouts , be in the rear , be alert to the danger of fog , saved ellaria & her daughters , and withdrawn on first seeing euron 's fleet . 
  true , teon should never have been involved in te battle . 
  i know . 
  a stupid one from the naval pov . 
  did n't catch that , but you are right !, 
  very true , she just does n't want to see it . 
  theon should not have been there . 
  period . 
  did n't catch that . 
  v was not doing this job . 
  masterspy allows war to begin without a spy network . 
  makes no sense . 
  b/c jon sneaked him food !, 
  you are so right .
