  and gave it a sad , whimsical look . 
  i do n't remember , sorry . 
  i binged watched season 5 so it 's all blurry . 
  but , it 's when jaime is sailing to dorn . 
  do n't even remember the episode . 
  i too want to glimpse tarth , so that 's why i notice . 
  at any rate , it 's an island , with forest covered hills . 
  you hate fatties , do n't you ? 
  no chubby chasing for you , i see . 
  you summed it up , right there . 
  i knew a 90-something woman who did not smoke , drink , had a figure her great-granddaughters envied , walked while carrying groceries every day ( something about freshness ) and had an active social life . 
  she lived on ssi , foodstamps , and section 8 housing . 
  well , these people 's lives are over . 
  sometimes i wonder if all this talk of productivity and globalism -- blah , blah , blah , really helps everyone as our overlords would have it . 
  yorkshire villagers seem happy , no one is getting hurt , family are being raised , etc. 
  why do we have to put the land to more productive use . 
  well ... greed ... 
  if that 's mason 's current amount , than assume it accounts for inflation . 
  ( i.e. 
  back in the 70s what they spent is probably $ 33k today ), 
  manson himself later characterized her physical embrace of him on the day she returned from prison as his sole happy childhood memory, 
  too bad that happened . 
  he should not have been returned to her . 
  there was no `` the general wackiness of the tate/labianca murders . '', 
  read [ helter skelter ] ( http://www.amazon.com/helter-skelter-story-manson-murders/dp/0393322238 ), 
  thank you for pointing this `` long-forgetten '' fact up . 
   and that other 90 % includes children . 
  and the old . 
   so none of the burden fell on the rich . 
  one of the few things i like about bush i. 
   winters said , while looking at the monument , that other veterans had come to him and said , `` where 's my monument '' . 
  easy company was one company of nine in the regiment , which was one of three in the division . 
  they happened to get famous , and there were many others who fought and suffered and never achieved the same amount of remembrance . 
  thanks for reminding us of one that suffered is not remembered . 
  yes , the work of rememberance is not over . 
  okay , this is very tenuous - but , i heard this mentioned many times regarding human predators . 
  it seems that when a person is murdering someone in field/wooded area , often another person about to enter the sames area is turned back by its deadly stillness . 
  a complete scary freak out and they turn around . 
  i always attributed it to the absence of the usual ambient noises . 
  do n't know if this even true , or just anecdotal evidence from people who got lucky . 
  what would the critters do in such a situation ? 
  can you speculate . 
  and the sleazy firm in question has every reason to minimize liability and pretend it was not an inside job . 
  if you are doing this kind of shit , do n't piss off tech support !, 
  i am so sorry to hear that . 
  similar thing happened to me . 
  i always had my mom as co-signer on my checking account - in case anything happens . 
  well , i was going through a really difficult financial stretch where i was legally obligated to pay large ( for me ) amounts in 3 months . 
  guess who decided to pay all her expenses that month with my checking account - mom . 
  she never made that mistake before ; she knew the onerous circumstances i was in . 
  thank god , i had the strength to work all through this time , even though some checks bounced - none of the critical ones did . 
  mom reimbursed me when i called her on it . 
  pleaded ignorance . 
  to this day , i can never fully understand my mom 's love of being troublemaker . 
   plus you can steal jokes from wittier people and look like a smart guy, 
  this . 
  friend : ( witty remark ), 
  wilde : i wish i had said that . 
  friend : you will oscar , you will . 
  do the old model 's trick , practice with walking with a book on your head , without letting it drop . 
  up and down a room 10 times . 
  also , practice walking pigeon-toed , feet pointing in . 
  up and down a room , ten times . 
  these exercises , just 5 minutes , will make aware of how you are walking and then just make an effort to point forward . 
  my dad used to do , it was another time , less appearance-oriented than our for men . 
  never held him back . 
  good for kerry , not allowing himself to be guilted by the japanese . 
  the bombs shortened and saved 100 of thousands of american lives and untold japanese soldiers and civilians . 
  if you iwo jima and okinawa , you realize how bloody that would have been . 
  are you being sarcastic , it 's not a plan for wider occupation of europe , but the western and central europeans are afraid . 
  imho , putin , just wants as much of the old ussr as he can get cheaply . 
  james ellroy - especially his la trilogy - black dahlia , big nowhere , la confidential, 
  i wo n't vote period , unless sanders is on the ballot . 
  ca n't stand that woman . 
  agreed . 
  was probably warned not to do anything public . 
  will she keep her word . 
  will she even care what 's in the platform ? 
  and have no qualms about stopping a motorist without cause , stealing whatever cash they find in the car , and planting evidence . 
  my experience . 
  was driving with a suspended license . 
  totally my fault - i got the ticket in new orleans and sent payment to the wrong parish and then ignored all the communications . 
  i was in period of lots of work at the time . 
  cops stops me cause i swerved . 
  i did not !, 
  i am very slow careful driver . 
  they found out about my license and arrested me . 
  they searched my car . 
  this is where it gets funny . 
  i had $ 4 in the console . 
  the rest of the car was a disgusting mess . 
  ( i had a lot work for two months and eating fast food . ), 
  they were so grossed out they stopped searching and had it hauled away . 
  there was $ 400 under the passenger 's front seat , where i hid when they stopped me . 
  after i got the back - the $ 4 was gone , the wallet under the passenger seat among all sorts of fast food wrappers , was untouched . 
  i was driving a 2 year old honda accord coupe . 
  that was perfect from the outside . 
  they probably ran my plates before they stopped me . 
  afterwards , i found out that the stretch of old dixie highway was an areas cops hung out to make stops . 
  brienne probably loves him anyway .
