   i felt that familiar skipping in my chest, 
  you just described an incident with nsis down to the where did this all come from part of it . 
  you have my sympathy -- there is no way of predicting what will set off the anger . 
  my way of dealing with nsis is like a bullfighter . 
  if you ca n't avoid her , do n't get gored . 
  that 's not his hairline , you can see it 's been penciled in around the front . 
  do n't know about the pompadour , though . 
  yep, 
  i think that the west is not used to contrary opinions being distributed through open-networks . 
  back in the day , we never saw soviet propaganda . 
  western propaganda is more sophisticated . 
  that is all . 
  russian propaganda is just too obvious - read manufacturing consent . 
  i attribute it to over 100 years of advertising , market research experience . 
  think about it , if the elite can change your mind about which toothpaste to buy - and advertising is just a small part ; there 's placement on shelves , marketing to dental professionals , etc. 
  then , do n't you think they can influence you in other ways . 
  a pill that would remove toxic shame memories from childhood or whenever . 
  you would still have the memory and the consequences of any action you took . 
  you would just not have the crippling shame that goes with it . 
  the behavior of western leaders is deplorable and an insult to the soviet soldiers / population who bore the brunt of the wehrmacht and lost over 20 million dead . 
  it should not matter who is in power , the dead deserve remembrance and recognition . 
  yes it is , but then latvia was not exactly loyal to the soviets and played a horrible part in the killing of the jews in their community . 
  kinda cozy with nazis, 
  i hear you -- but all they have to do is trot out will , kate and their wonderbabies and all republican thoughts are instantly erased from the british hive mind . 
  yeah ... me too . 
  but this is a specially big el ni\u00f1o - was wondering , will it colder , hotter , wetter . 
  it 's gotten significantly warmer in florida since i was a child . 
  we used overcoats in winter , now i do n't even own a sweater . 
  also , miami beach is now experiencing tidal flooding , where high tide rushes right into the city flooding the beach , the streets , everything . 
  plus , there 's no real dry season anymore - it 's always raining and the canals are full in s. fl . 
  do n't know much about the rest of the state . 
  link ? 
  not really , that 's saying involved in someone else 's victimization . 
  that 's not evil , that 's the result of evil . 
  that 's like saying cancer is evil . 
  who is n't afraid of the cops ? 
  privileged white americans , living in suburban areas that only see a policeman when something is wrong with their home alarm . 
  not true -- link ? 
  99 % accuracy is n't even achieve in death sentence convictions . 
  me neither . 
  please file under `` duh . '', 
  what makes you think i am a privileged white american ? 
  the castro brothers were educated through grammar and high school at belen , a school run by jesuits . 
  so , i am sure he 's impressed , but at his age unlikely to change . 
  good for china -- the japanese got off easy because of the cold war . 
  well - thank you for your polite response while calling me a race-baiting piece of shit . 
  gone with the wind - not by redditors , but by the public . 
  betty is fine about the diagnosis because she was more afraid of aging . 
  in one of the early seasons , she says when a man looks her over , something `` as long as i get looks like that , i feel i am paying my way . '', 
  beautiful betty does n't want to be old betty . 
  do n't open doors in the early morning hours - really , who 's up and about ringing doors at that time . 
  well - jehovah witnesses , mormons , city officials talking about your lawn , someone wanting your vote . 
  those are the benign out comes . 
  but , no one else up to any good ... keep the chain on and talk through the door - ask people to leave literature . 
   they were trying to kidnap her and break open her body and sell her organs to hospitals, 
  how did you figure organ harvesting - not the first idea that springs to mind . 
  omg !!, 
  what country are you from , if i may ask ? 
  just curious ... 
  the interested and hollow-eyed look on that gi staring at miss america writing her autograph on the other gis back . 
  oh wow -- sometimes the backgrounds are so telling . 
  he was respecting betty 's wishes that he not come back . 
  but , of course , he will after his retreat he returns . 
  betty is not dead yet and mccann needs a coke ad . 
  i love that roger could n't seem to remember the little one 's name , kevin . 
  no - it gives a reason for don to come back . 
  did n't you notice the very un-ohm like cynical smile on don 's face ? 
  before the cut to commercial . 
  he respected his wishes and accepted his failings and guilt . 
  yes - very cynical . 
  also because dick whitman would have been that man . 
  she told him about the adoption -- that was the level of intimacy they had developed . 
  thanks for noticing the ding !, 
  true , she was typing away - but , coke was too important to give to peggy who was being pushed around by a rude joan . 
  me , too . 
  no -- it 's a tradition . 
  besides he was totally badass in the way he stopped south carolina from seceding the first time . 
  it resulted in the resignation of john c calhoun ( a s. carolinian ) as his vp . 
  his final regrets were that he did not hang henry clay nor shoot john c calhoun . 
  they do n't make him like that anymore . 
  the stupid coke jingle at the end of mad men - `` teach the world to sing '' or something . 
  ca n't get it out of my head . 
  i am old enough to remember when they told us to put talcum powder on our sanitary napkins during sex ed . 
  i never did -- my mom did buy it and later i started using tampons . 
  this is not new information - by the late 70s there were articles linking powder ( all powder ) to ovarian cancer . 
  something that seemed ( then - who knows ) to afflict upper class women more than their poorer sisters . 
  many have visible rust all over them , especially the bottom . 
  why are they bringing this up now ? 
  because the greeks starting asking about reparations ? 
  did some greek rape a german woman ? 
  probably somewhere , who knows in that chaos after the war . 
  who knows maybe some german woman felt raped by a canadian . 
  more probably for chocolate or nylons . 
  when the red army crossed the vistula , stalin issued an order of the day -- `` remember , only the unborn are innocent . '', 
  the german armies were fighting a stubborn retreat to get their soldiers and population to surrender to the western powers . 
  the germans knew what they had done . 
  russia was not as bad to the germans as vice versa . 
  took the words right out of my mouth !, 
  but are n't the banks conducting their own investigation / sarcasm . 
  it helps to be cuban .
