  not at all . 
  1 -- i respect rural religious attitudes . 
  all of them , though i was raised a roman catholic . 
  2 -- i understand how vital rural areas are , both in producing food and distributing manufacturing around the country . 
  a few cities should n't have all the best jobs . 
  3 -- on a later post , i noted the great writers that came from small rural towns , some of the greatest , most talented writers in america -- faulkner , mccullers , o'connor , etc. 
  authors who wrote about the vagaries of the human heart in all its complexity . 
  did n't the original populist party originate in wisconsin with lafollete ? 
   poor black people tend to live in urban areas , while poor white people live in rural areas . 
  the democrats left poor white people behind in the 70 's in favor of being the party of the minority lower-class and the white aspirational middle class . 
  you are correct . 
  i do n't understand why the democratic party left its worker base . 
  they did n't stop jobs going overseas and allowed immigration which is a drag on labor market wages . 
  did so on their own peril , do n't you think ? 
  ** a different theory **, 
  it could be a story created by the greeks of old folk memories . 
  before greece , there was an advanced civilization in crete . 
  this culture worshiped bulls , the palace at knossos was built in multiple layers spreading out in tangents , as difficult to navigate as a labyrinth and there is evidence an earthquake followed by a tidal wave destroyed it . 
  thus , a proud bull/human , with a labrynith , punished by poseidon , god of the sea . 
  a cautionary tale , from an old folk memory . 
  both are correct . 
  the greeks took a folk memory and created a symbolic tale to go along with it . 
  i agree . 
  at this point , everyone `` sorta knows '' the pilot committed suicide , and the passengers are dead . 
  not to dimish the families ' needs . 
  real reason - because it 's there waiting for someone to find it . 
  omg -- the pilot knew what he was doing !, 
  too many coincidences for the crash not to be deliberate . 
  this needs to be higher up !, 
  do n't understand the downvotes . 
  this looks like a good guess . 
  sad , just despondent . 
  he destroyed my family . 
  my grandparents and parents all had died before he did . 
  i wish i could tell them . 
  my grandmother kept hoping it would happen in her lifetime . 
  jon snow , the reborn , king of the north and the freefolk , the white wolf , saver of the freefolk , slayer of ice demons , 998th commander of the nights watch , true protector of his friends and the outcast , and knower of nothing . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
   you forgot slayer of fookin ' legends . 
  yep . 
  my personal theory -- they migrated to southern mesopotamia and helped build ancient sumer . 
  three clues --, 
  -- in those times , they were called the `` black-headed ones , '' referring to their hair . 
  most mesopotamians had brown hair . 
  -- sumer 's irrigation was incredibly complex and needed large urban and rural planning . 
  -- sumerian is not related to nearby languages . 
  recently , there is speculation that it is related to an ancient tongue from india . 
  just a theory . 
  was n't sargon from the desert areas ? 
  was he indigineous to sumer ? 
  i may be wrong , but i thought he was of semitic origin . 
  one of my favorite books . 
  i was just suggesting that they migrated to sumer . 
  they did n't have to be there at the beginning . 
  they may have followed others who had gone before and with whom they had trade relations . 
  i am just mentioning how others referred to them . 
  also `` the great lords to the south ; '' ever wonder if this just applied to the elites . 
  yes they are , if consider writing and living cities as the earliest civilization . 
  if there were war , there would be archeological evidence of it . 
  here it is --, 
  no . . but it 's vaguely anti-trump . 
  quora has n't deleted it , yet . 
  thanks for taking a look . 
  i know that being sympathetic to prisoners is an unpopular stance . 
  but , the aurora shooter should n't be around other inmates , no matter how well guarded he is . 
  ( has genius-level iq . ), 
  for the sake of the other pychos and scumbags , this one should serve out his sentence on his own little island . 
  you have given this way too much thought !, 
  get out much ? 
   `` it is my intention that this man never live among the general public again . '', 
  the sentence seems fair . 
  we , as a society , need to live according to our laws . 
  this man is obviously insane , in the medical sense . 
  as such , he does not merit the death sentence . 
  because he understood the difference between right and wrong , his is not legally insane . 
  this mutant needs to be isolated away from the rest of us . 
  liz 's picture on the giant set was originally in black and white . 
  taken by a random with a camera and discovered in last 10-15 years . 
  somone colorized it . 
  why was liz considered so beautiful ? 
  you can see right here ; she did n't need special makeup or lighting . 
  she looked like this in real life . 
  the universe is expanding into the future -- that 's the whole space-time continuum for you . 
  or in massage , pulling and unkinking the tail to relax the rest of your vertebrae . 
  the absolute best . 
  can anyone say say `` reichstag fire ? '', 
  can you say `` reichstag fire ? '', 
  i agree with the sentiment expressed above , except ... ahh , the revenge part . 
  please do n't assassinate an ambassador in a tit-for-tat . 
  it can be hard to contain . 
  i wonder who ordered him to develop sudden jihad syndrome ? 
   russia is doing thankless work in syria, 
  yes , it is . 
   it sounds like you are suffering from the aftereffects of your abusive relationship . 
  i agree with this statement . 
  the only way to overcome this is with a good therapist - not a shrink who will you drugs - but a talk therapist . 
  i do n't know which discipline is the best . 
  you need to talk about your feelings , get it all out , experience the pain of rejection and acceptance of victimhood . 
  not intellectually , but deep down in your gut .
