  seems someone does n't want a spotlight shined on him , like he did on cecil the lion . 
  did a little detecting . 
  ostermann is a german jewish name ; which makes sense given that it is a family-owned jewelry shop with diamonds in it . 
  ( the diamond cutting trade was traditionally jewish ; sephardic jews from spain fled to holland to carry on this occupation . ), 
  so mention of their name , even the mother 's name indicates a stress on origins . 
  these children are not latino , although if sephardic in origin they could look latino . 
  just like real life , ya know . 
  no -- she 's just a singer . 
  thank god for the zero dialogue . 
  their conversations are just horrible . 
  well there was alcohol - so that 's a sedative . 
  the white pills were probably xanax - but for the guys , so they could relax . 
  just wear it -- a great part of the world sees positive attributes , another has already forgotten all about it . 
  soviet art , lettering and prints are considered chic in some circles . 
  in others , they are unrecognized . 
  most americans would n't know what cccp stands for . 
  the swastika is another thing altogether . 
  as hans frank , the commandant of auschwitz stated - `` a thousand years will pass and the shame of germany will not be erased . '', 
  uhh ... no . 
  i can see ray liking ani for about a minute ( cause he 's a guy ) ; ca n't see ani liking ray at all . 
  he 's a burnout and a loser in her pov . 
  who is richard , again ? 
  i thought it was just cribbed from the stiff in limo in ellroy 's the big nowhere . 
  what ? 
  i think you have something . 
  it probably is nothing more than the death of douchebag that caused so much suffering - all those people killed in the shoot out , the goons at the orgy , the girl in the shack , ani 's demotion , ray 's job loss , paul ending up off his bike , chad 's obesity ( do n't tell me its not related ! ) . 
  it does n't matter who did it . 
  as the world turns ... 
  this is why if he does n't say i love you early on , he probably does n't . 
  i read the gulag archipelago . 
  when i visited moscow , i was shown the building on the river where people did not sleep because they feared the men in black cars would arrest during the night . 
  you have probably done neither . 
  you ca n't compare the crimes of nazi germany to those of the ussr . 
  a completely different order of magnitude , a higher - no , let 's say purer - form of evil . 
  i am not so sure about that . 
  i do n't think it was a simple as you make it sound , in either case . 
  i believe socialism through peaceful means came first , when that did n't work , many people including helen keller ( a revered almost saintly american deaf/blind/mute ) believed in armed struggle between the classes was necessary . 
  if stalin only killed plutocrats , then maybe there 's a an argument . 
  he killed and imprisoned anyone who threatened his power . 
  yep - an american passport is not always a good thing . 
  i have frequently begun speaking spanish and claiming to be from cuba if i sense an anti-american feeling . 
  ( often -- in latin america ), 
  and poland suffered from both . 
  totally agree - nazi sympathizers always begin with biased comparisons to the ussr or through discussions wondering how it was impossible for camps so small to kill so many jews . 
  i am very sorry - the communists confiscated all the property my grandmother an impoverished spanish refugee accumulated through hard work in cuba and set her adrift as a impoverished old lady . 
  i 'm sorry about what happened to your family . 
  i see - hmm , an american survey agency . 
  i wonder who funded it . 
  have n't you heard the great american saying `` stab any back , cut any throat , commission any study . '', 
  derzhal - at the risk of more downvotes ; i had two friends who visited viet nam - long after the war . 
  they both said that after talking to the vietnamese , they came to the conclusion that the vietnamese view americans as criminal to say the least . 
  both friends were surprised - they were there to invest in viet nam , but came away thinking they were quite xenophobic . 
  ( they do n't like china either ), 
  i also had a boss who `` fought in nam '' but i discount his opinion because by his own admission he was high the entire time . 
  it 's probably either child abuse or forcing his wife to participate in the sex parties . 
  you may not understand that in asian cultures it is impolite to say negative things . 
  moreover , people are n't always honest to surveyors . 
  you have to get to know them - worked with japanese ; my friend visited viet nam . 
  i have read a great deal about both . 
  for record --, 
  - stalin killed more people than hitler, 
  - pol pot killed a higher percentage of people under his control, 
  ** but **, 
  most of these deaths occurred as a byproduct of failed ideologies , stupidity and brutality . 
  they did not have specifically built death camps , although mass death was the byproduct . 
  the nazis * intentionally * sought out jews to exterminate , even when they were losing the war . 
  they calculated how many calories to feed slavs so they would work while slowly starving to death . 
  and the artistic/sadistic quality of the evil -- the footpaths paved with jewish headstones , the work shall set you free above the gate of auschwitz ( ( mocking ) , the uniforms , the selections , the symphonies playing , the trains arriving in middle of the night , the mania for filming everything . 
  it was evil as an art form -- the intentionality was everywhere . 
  it does n't compare to the brutality of gulags or the killing fields of pol pot or lynching in the south , for that matter . 
  it is something different and more malevolent . 
  i meant the crimes were not equivalent , comparison was a poor choice of words --, 
  so what do you think of my comparison ? 
  this song is about the second iraqi war . 
  wow - this looks like inspiration . 
  chad 's obesity -- ray and gena are too stupid to figure out that he simply eats too much and watches too much tv . 
  they are thinking all sorts of paternity , child development causes and blaming each other for it . 
  also , chad does not end up being the rapist 's kid . 
  so - what now ? 
  do we just put him on a diet or continue arguing ? 
   and to thee , hold thy peace for the future, 
  i got this , too . 
  maybe - say nothing until a later time ? 
  just what i read somewhere ... 
  does anyone have a clip of how she reacts to the dead body ? 
  i agree , something is up there . 
  don ' know yet ... but , athena , dad and elvis are all good candidates . 
  there 's a better one earlier , when turns her down , gets up and looks right back very quickly , like he 's assessing the situation . 
  yeah ... 
  i think that 's why she said she wanted the dna test because she did n't recognize him . 
  blake said `` no one knew who did caspere ! '', 
  he seemed genuine at that point . 
  not sure what he meant . 
  it could mean just mean blake shows less than once a month . 
   i get that basically all clues point to erica the secretary being laura osterman , but if that 's true , why the hell is she so pale ? 
  hair can be dyed , but the kids in that picture from the heist had dark complexions . 
  ( which is strange , because osterman is a german name , and most germans have light skin ) if it turns out she just got a dyejob , i 'm going to be a bit disappointed . 
  ostermann is also a jewish name and jews have traditionally been the jewelry business . 
  my guess - sephardic jews that migrated to germany from the netherlands . 
  no idea why erika is so fair .
