  are you appropriate for the time and place ? 
  i ca n't emphasize the importance of this . 
  there is a reason people spend thousands of dollars and hours each day on their appearance . 
  why people lease cars , they ca n't afford , etc. 
  have a few outfits that you can wear to places where you socialize . 
  go on ebay and get a nice watch , nice shoes and belt and leather trimmed jackets . 
  then combine with pants , jeans , shirts you buy at goodwill . 
  as for your car , lease a cool little car that you can afford . 
  me , too . 
  no way trump takes nevada . 
  if you give her a c-section and the baby is premature . 
  just a thought , really . 
  i saw it with my mother , a latin american , who remembered evita peron . 
  she said madonna completely captured how people perceived evita to be . 
  i ca n't evaluate the singing , dancing or anything else musical . 
  i did like the music video look of the production - it worked . 
  and ... brown contact lenses . 
  madonna went method , i guess . 
  this is a good explanation of how syria got distabilized in the first place . 
  would point one thing out . 
  no one knows their neighbors better than the israelis . 
  when the `` arab spring '' started , israel stated that they preferred assad to whatever would come out of there . 
  they preferred a stable though aggressively antagonistic regime to chaos . 
  so , the us has its own reasons for hating assad . 
  tpm called it almost a `` fetish '' in the foreign relations community that he must go . 
  and holland specifically stated that assad is not the enemy of france , isis was . 
  ( this was after the bataclan attacks . ), 
  i do n't think we are the good guys here , although there are no good guys here . 
   why the maesters seem to have the conspiracy to deny magic . 
  i always took that to mean that magic messed up this world . 
  mostly because it works to some extent ; it is an enormous temptation . 
  not only has it destroyed so many good things - grrm stated the seasons were magic-related , god only knows what depravities are practice in asshai to pollute to such an extent ; but it has also stunted scientific advance . 
  i am with varys ; i hate magic . 
  unless it 's something traumatic that happened suddenly , last summer . 
  i agree completely . 
  we know the iron bank is back in the game and cersei has no money , explaining the sacking of highgarden and returning with loot back to kings landing . 
  but dany ambushes them , and that is that . 
  so cersei is looking for an alliance , she agrees to parley . 
  team dragonstone wants one too , so the show her the wight . 
  what other reason would team dragonstone have for visiting her ? 
  she 's got financial issues , they 've decimated her armies , they know she wo n't give up kl without destroying it . 
  the meeting is no peace negotiation . 
  also , the wight moves several character 's stories in ways we expect . 
  -- gives the nk a dragon and viserion a bigger , flashier role . 
  maybe brings down the wall . 
  viserion is no longer just one of the other ones . 
  -- makes dany concentrate on the ww threat and leave kl for the time being . 
  -- finally , disconnects jamie from cersei as he heads north to battle the ww . 
  -- gets dany/jon on a boat to explore their aunt/nephew relationship . 
   dragons are massively powerful and magical entities . 
  so are the ww , especially nk . 
   you believed that frame ? 
  sorry , please explain . 
  i think it makes sense . 
  ita -- they are preparing the party for a significant loss . 
  by `` they , '' i mean the `` powers that be '' in the republican party . 
  their internal polls , which do n't move as much as the public poll one , probably show trump never got beyond the core base . 
  brooks got the email with the talking points this morning . 
  brooks just takes dictation ; he 's not a real journalist . 
  highgarden . 
  recurring due to oleanna 's part of the alliance . 
  look at all she has to do --, 
  -- refuse to continue funding the crown with money/goods from the reach, 
  -- find out about dorne 's defeat, 
  -- receive messages from admiral redwine about dany 's landing and the naval battle where euron captures yara, 
  -- receive news that the lannisters are sacking the reach ( presumably to pay the iron bank ), 
  -- find out about the tarlys ' defection, 
  -- short siege at highgarden, 
  -- fall of highgarden , her death, 
  plus other stuff with more tyrell relatives . 
  mostly short scenes , but spread out among several episodes . 
  i do n't think the whole season either . 
  recurring does n't mean every episode . 
  i hear you . 
  but , i see lyanna 's and rhaegar 's wedding as one event and likely in front of one of the weird trees . 
  just my opinion . 
  i do n't know . 
  or an older emma peel ( lady oleanna ) wakes up and makes a call . 
  `` steed , i had the most disturbing dream last night . 
  i was fighting many diabolical masterminds at the same time ... oh , we are needed . 
  i 'll be right over . 
  `` that is not ed 's way . '', 
  -- stannis from beyond the grave . 
  there is magic in this world . 
  that 's why it so messed up . 
  creepy mystery cults dominate essos , with asshai being some sort of vatican for them . 
  look how dirty and deranged that place is . 
  the lord of light probably exists a supernatural being with cult built around him . 
  but that does n't mean there is an afterlife or that he is a god . 
  exactly , in true soap opera fashion . 
  of course , he needs to keep on knowing nothing . 
  that 's an excellent analysis of transferring extremely complicated storylines , multiple character story arcs , and extended visits to faraway places to the screen . 
  it minimizes the time , expense and writing skill required to visualize the original story . 
  do n't forget it gives viserion an expanded role . 
  he 's not just `` one of the other two . '', 
  dragons are fan favorite characters , and this is an easy way to bring one to the fore . 
  instead of having jon , say , develop a relationship with rhaego , mounting him , being thrown off , petting him , hand feeding him , introducing him to ghost , listening to tyrion 's advice , etc. 
  suddenly , brand new major character dragon to oppose drogon . 
  those two will probably have a crazy fight in season 8 . 
   it means dany ( and the dragons ) are no longer unstoppable against him .
