  certainly not outside the capability many news organizations . 
  yes , assuming you are renting under your name . 
  for example , in s. fl we have recreational biking dentists . 
  ( you can tell who they are because they have perfect teeth and dress in head-to-toe harley davidson accessories . ), 
  they can rent under `` dentist bikers for trump . '', 
  just an example . 
  see what i mean . 
  we welcome their hate . 
  yep , that was a threat . 
  like when your boss tells you `` we are going to rethink your role in our department '' when you request your full maternity leave . 
   they should flatly refuse to allow kelly ann on the air , and they should announce it is because she is a liar . 
  or if they have her on they should mock and ridicule her mercilessly . 
  agree . 
  but , before doing that , let conway show up and get more her lies on tape . 
  thanks for the history lesson . 
  this remark needs to be higher . 
   the people chose hillary clinton , but a small minority in key states decided this election , rather than the people . 
  it 's a farce to claim the people decided . 
  the people did n't , an archaic system designed to keep power in the hands of the rich and powerful decided . 
  i loathe the great pumpkin as much as anyone . 
  the electoral college exists for a reason . 
  it allows less populated states a greater say in the presidential election . 
  otherwise , city dwellers would decide elections and would disenfranchise voters in smaller towns and states . 
  also , we have bicameral congress for this reason . 
  and , btw , it was not done to protect slave states . 
  the most populous state at the signing of the constitution was virginia . 
  regardless , hillary knew the rules ; she ignored the electoral map just like ignored the caucus states in the 2008 primary against obama . 
  thanks !, 
  that is what i was getting at in terms of tyranny of majority . 
  thanks !, 
   the identity politics focus of the left shares some of the blame here, 
  completely agree . 
  the extremes of political correctness are mind boggling in some regions of the country . 
  to the point that many do n't believe we have free speech . 
  political correctness needs to be limited to a few things - race , color , creed , national origin and sexual orientation . 
  and the shades of the above categories need to be broad and inclusive . 
  you subject yourself to ridicule when you define your identity so narrowly that people do n't even know what it means . 
  when i was younger , my identity consisted of cuban-american , raised roman catholic . 
  today , i am a straight white american woman , born in cuba and raised roman catholic . 
  if i chose , i could expand this identity into narrower definitions . 
  and the name changes . 
  i went from cuban to hispanic , to latina , did you know , some persons are suggesting latinx , so the category is gender neutral . 
  spanish is not gender neutral , latinx vacates the previous change from hispanic to latino ( to use the word most latinos to refer to themselves ) . 
  oh , and the run-of-the-mill american ? 
  they are now non-latino whites . 
  ( i am 100 % european descent , so this is probably to make me feel better . ), 
  jeez, 
  rex is acting like a businessman after a hostile takeover ; firing immediate subordinates and replacing them with their associates is standard for ceos taking over companies . 
   it 's easier to do something half-assed , or to undo something , than it is to take the time to do something right . 
  it 's not because it 's easier ; it was the plan all along . 
  they just lied and confused the issue to get elected . 
  they are just now showing their true colors . 
  we need to stop posting what this woman says . 
  of course , removing sanctions was going to happen . 
  anyone with half-brain knew this was the plan all along . 
  stop giving her exposure . 
  if we treat her as irrelevant , her value to mr. trump will end . 
  from you to god 's ears , my friend . 
  be happy someone did . 
  i am afraid romero will be arbogast . 
  my burglars targeted cars in my neighborhood , too . 
  during the rash of burglaries , i get hit by a car that somehow exposes the interior to the elements . 
  for about three weeks , i drove the car around ; it was a small dent , i was busy . 
  bugs started coming through the inside of the dent . 
  bugs i 've never seen before . 
  i ran out of my car , left my bag behind the passenger 's seat , money in driver 's side holder . 
  more money in the glove compartment . 
  everything cash . 
  the next day i noticed someone entered my car . 
  the money was missing from the driver ' side door , and things were out of place in the front console . 
  everything else was left . 
  the bag , the glove compartment ... did i mention the expensive ray-ban sunglasses ? 
  everything beyond the console was still there . 
  the burglars must have encountered the bugs , too !, 
   those deep wolf-growls, 
  i 've heard these from my pug . 
  brazen does n't like cats on our property . 
  what 's the reason for a short driveway ? 
  i noticed so many long front paths when traveling in rural areas that i thought the occupants were just showing off how big their front lawn was . 
  me , too . 
  too young to remember jfk 's assassination and very self-involved when challenger exploded . 
  thanks !, 
  did trump learn that the current president is one of those threats ? 
  do n't know what this has to do with the nominee for the supreme court . 
  have an upvote for explaining your experience as a teacher . 
  my mother ( also a teacher for a time ) was told by the football coach to pass a student who submitted a math test blank !, 
  she quit teaching and became a social worker . 
  nothing in ny/nj real estate is clean . 
  good to see kushner being taken care of . 
  bad idea to antagonize animal lovers so early in your presidency , donald . 
  sad . 
  i agree . 
  trump , his other children , and current wife have marginalized tiffany and marla . 
  sadly , for tiffany to achieve beauty - trump style - like ivanka , she needs a plastic surgeon . 
  ** note : ** though , by published accounts , trump tried to remain in contact with tiffany , attended her school events in a non-intrusive manner -- how `` not donald ; '' he considers his patriarch role seriously . ), 
  yeah ... the spooks taped the conversation . 
  he broke the 1799 logan act , yes that far back , that prohibits private citizens from negotiating with governments the us in dispute with . 
  he called the russian ambassador and told him not to worry about obama 's sanctions/expelling diplomats because trump was going to reverse it . 
  ( he called up the russian ambassador at the embassy , not realizing the us monitors all the russian ambassador 's phone calls . ), 
  he did so before he was part of the government and still a private citizen .
