  on the one hand , i do n't want our service men to be mercenaries . 
  on the other , the europeans and the east asians need to look after themselves . 
  contribute troops , materiel , etc. 
  will they do this ? 
  or just write a check ? 
  having a meeting the ambassador happens to lots of people , cnn broke that the russian ambassador is known to be the chief spy recruiter in washington , dc . 
  btw , where is mike flynn now ? 
  carter page , last i heard was out of the country . 
  maybe it 's just wishful thinking on my part . 
  but , is n't it strange that dubya sobered up and got out from crawford this week to criticize trump , and his lawyer weighs in . 
  george hw has deep connections with the cia and national security apparatus . 
  in all honesty , they are friends with sessions , and the revelation caught them by surprise . 
  maybe they felt ambushed . 
  really ... the rest of us have algorithms . 
  can you get the lighting renaissance-like ? 
  i always thought the fisa warrants were for carter page , mike flynn , paul manafort and roger stone . 
  an executive order was signed making dana boente , who is compromised in other ways . 
  was key the forcing comey 's hand on the last email leak right befoe the election , sessions successor . 
  great so dana is up , and he still has not been confirmed . 
  we have a winner . 
  plus , there appears to be money changing hands . 
  and every busboy , hotel maid , cook , dishwasher , gardener , etc. 
  at mar-a-lago . 
  that we know of . 
  talk about opening pandora 's box . 
  i do n't know how heaven works . 
  for years , i pleaded for a better world : novenas , rosaries , intense retreats of quiet and contemplation . 
  finally , i threatened to curse god and cut off my nose to spite my face . 
  that got the big guy 's attention . 
  like i said , i do n't know how heaven works . 
  was god trying to protect me from self-harm , or were my pleadings in a queue and he got to me at that moment . 
  either way , we started communicating . 
  finally !, 
  `` my child , do you think managing your world is easy . '', 
  `` no ... but ca n't you do better ? '', 
  `` why do n't you try it , my child ? '', 
  before i knew i was on the hot seat ... sorry , heavenly throne . 
  i had one earth day and already wasted the first 12 hours thinking . 
  finally , i asked st. peter , `` how do i make changes ? '', 
  `` just decree it , and it shall be done . '', 
  too easy , too easy . 
  so i issued the following pronouncements . 
  * all religions to replace what is right by what is good . 
  good being defined as `` do onto others as you want them to do onto you . '', 
  took care of a bunch of problems . 
  of the organized religion type . 
  but that left a whole slew of difficulties caused by non-believers ( some of whom were high-ranking members of their churches ) ,, 
  * for every human action , there will an equally powerful reaction . 
  regarding breaking the `` do onto rule . '', 
  that stopped so many people right in their tracks as they saw consequences to their actions . 
  consequences from on high . 
  that still left the insane , the mentally deficient , etc. 
  * to this population i decreed , you will not act out on your thoughts . 
  if you feel antsy and have to , say , dismember someone , replace your thoughts with the lyrics `` you are the sunshine of my life . '', 
  got ta admit this created a peaceful , generous world . 
  i was pleased with myself . 
  god came back and saw that it was good . 
  too good . 
  he asked , `` my child what about free will ? '', 
  `` my decrees do n't account for free will . '', 
  `` you can not change that . '', 
  st. peter then handed me an enormous stack of dense philosophy and theology texts . 
  the saint advised ,, 
  `` read these books , then you will understand . '', 
  back on earth , i looked at the heavenly book stack . 
  i would never have signed up for this if had known there would be homework !, 
  but , i have free will . 
  i ignored the books . 
  i do n't complain anymore . 
  `` the problems are not my department . '', 
  -- rick from casablanca . 
   realizing their error in inviting more scrutiny , sean spicer tried to walk back the allegations sunday morning . 
  `` please close pandora 's box ; i did n't mean to look inside , really , really . 
  it 's empty . 
  congress conduct a ` nothing to see here ' investigation . '', 
  that was close . '', 
  when you throw a hissy fit , draw the curtains . 
  like everyone knows that !, 
  when i was younger , i did it all the time . 
  now , i do n't . 
  too many creepy stories . 
  he 's the florida man president . 
  yes , they a need a warrant . 
  there are exceptions , such as reason to believe a crime is being committed inside your home . 
  most police officers observe these rules , especially among white middle-to-upper class homes . 
  however , among the poor , they the police is not as careful . 
  just more russian agitprop . 
  spy through smartphones and tvs . 
  but i knew a few years ago by reading reddit . 
  how a tv can become an open mike and iphones are vulnerable . 
  this info is not new . 
  the leaks are about the cia , not the fbi . 
  are you confused as to who does what in intelligence ? 
  yes , the cia can and they should . 
  the cia does not need to spy in the us . 
  through reciprocal agreements , the uk and canada spy on us and share the information with cia . 
  the reverse flow of intelligence is also true . 
  frankly , i 'm disappointed -- tvs , smartphones ? 
  i thought the revelation would be about super-secret mind ray or something . 
  please read up on how intelligence is structured in the us and its allies before offering up analogies to the stasi or the gestapo without any evidence .
