  what type of person/skill set are they looking for ? 
  what is the best part of the country to find work on this ? 
  sorry to be so selfish - i understand the pacific is affected and i know el ni\u00f1o is spanish for christ child , first named by peruvian fishermen . 
  but , do i in florida have to worry ? 
  not genocide , slavery , the holocaust , killers , etc. 
  but , everyday evil . 
  but i did nothing , because i did not grow mushrooms . 
  then they came for redditors that address questions to all ,, 
  but i did nothing because i do n't post on ask reddit . 
  then they came for redditors who learn something every day ,, 
  but i did nothing , because i rarely learn new things . 
  then they came for cuban redditors supporting russians on r/russia ,, 
  but no one did anything , because there was no one left . 
  lost on ne 1st terrace and 46th stree . 
  pickup by a group of people in a black car . 
  answers to brazen . 
  not akc registered -- can not be bred, 
  needs medication fo ear and skin infection, 
  lost on ne 1st terrace and 46th stree . 
  pickup by a group of people in a black car . 
  answers to brazen . 
  not akc registered -- can not be bred needs medication fo ear and skin infection, 
  what a weekend !, 
  i was getting caught up on my life -- literally down to my last clean clothes , doing multiple loads . 
  i was walking to my outside utility room ( aka the laundry ) , when brazen wandered outside . 
  she was gone in blink of an eye . 
  i searched everywhere , under beds , the back of closets . 
  i went out to speak to my neighbors , who told me she was picked up by a black hyundai , right at the edge of my property . 
  i placed ads , printed posters , see attached . 
  evidently , black hyundai stopped at a 7-11 and brazen made a break of it . 
  a group of teenagers sawing running down federal hwy and chased her down . 
  she no longer had a collar . 
  then she went to some sort of home dog hotel -- where katherine fed her own special dog food recipes , gave her a special holistic bath and called animal control who went there on a sunday and read her chip . 
  ( i did n't know these needed to be registered . ), 
  animal control called the breeder , who contacted the puppy seller , who contacted me this morning . 
  i picked her up at a restaurant by the beach , where she having breakfast . 
  she had been renamed malibu . 
  katherine refused the reward . 
  she now back at home . 
  what a weekend !, 
  i was getting caught up on my life -- literally down to my last clean clothes , doing multiple loads . 
  i was walking to my outside utility room ( aka the laundry ) , when brazen wandered outside . 
  she was gone in blink of an eye . 
  i searched everywhere , under beds , the back of closets . 
  i went out to speak to my neighbors , who told me she was picked up by a black hyundai , right at the edge of my property . 
  evidently , black hyundai stopped at a 7-11 and brazen made a break of it . 
  a group of teenagers sawing running down federal hwy and chased her down . 
  she no longer had a collar . 
  then she went to some sort of home dog hotel -- where katherine fed her own special dog food recipes , gave her a special holistic bath and called animal control who went there on a sunday and read her chip . 
  ( i did n't know these needed to be registered . ), 
  animal control called the breeder , who contacted the puppy seller , who contacted me this morning . 
  i picked her up at a restaurant by the beach , where she having breakfast . 
  she had been renamed malibu . 
  katherine refused the reward . 
  she now back at home . 
  the puzzle is this . 
  how many completely unique pentominoes can be made from exactly 5 squares according to these rules :, 
  each square must share a whole side with at least one other square . 
  every side of every square must either share a complete side with another square or not be touching another square at all . 
  the shapes must be completely 2-dimensional . 
  the shapes must be completely unique . 
  that is , any shape that could be formed by taking another shape and rotating it , flipping it ( to a mirror image ) or any combination of these is not deemed to be unique . 
  when she went to romero 's apartment looking for `` pink socks , '' she was really looking for bob paris 's key . 
  later she went to norma 's house with the same intent , in this case ransacking it . 
  lost a female pug , large for a pug . 
  fawn , with black pug markings on the face . 
  had collar and tag when she left . 
  she answers to brazen and croquette - kro-kwett, 
  please contact alicia @ 954-261-9892, 
  it was a trump-related question . 
  several posters said my answer was on point . 
  there were quite a few pro-trump answers as well . 
  how do i know what needs improvement ? 
  i tried to sign up for twitter and i thought i had failed . 
  now , i have succeeded with a new twitter account . 
  unfortunately , it appears linked to the original failed one . 
  how can i get rid of the old ( failed ) one , and keep the new one . 
  afraid that if i deactivate the old one , the new one will go too . 
  the destruction of yaras fleet is the result of inexperienced admiral leading a battle . 
  the first duty of a fleet is to `` remain a fleet in being . '', 
  many pitched battles have been avoided to prevent losing the entire fleet . 
  churchill famously sent the royal navy ( participating in a parade in the english channel when wwi started ) to the safety of its home base immediately , yes , due to fear of u-boats , churchill took them out of the fight . 
  yara 's mistakes :, 
  1 no excuse for not knowing that euron was nearby . 
  scouts , light , fast ships , should have preceded the fleet and not missed euron `` s flashy entry into king 's landing . 
  in this world they use trained ravens , these birds can be taught to do many tasks . 
  flying ahead of the fleet and looking around is not beyond their capabilities . 
  2 leading a fleet to a secret attack point , yara should have been sailing in complete darkness . 
  like the japanese maintained radio silence before attacking pearl harbor . 
  the sea is a big place and finding a fleet of ships is surprisingly hard , even w/wwii technology . 
  moreover , scouts needed to be used during the voyage . 
  3 knowing her uncle is the storm , fog would give immediate cause for suspicion . 
  yara needed to call battle stations and evasive maneuvers upon sighting . 
  3 even if done quietly , there would have been noise and some light . 
  euron would have adjusted accordingly . 
  even if yara managed this in complete darkness and silence , euron would have noticed telltale signs of a fleet moving quickly by discerning ocean currents . 
  4 after euron adjusted , he not only loses the element of surprise ( more noise and ocean ripples ) but needs to give chase . 
  5 yara 's alert crew could have begun testing the fog with catapults , etc. 
  after euron changed course . 
  6 yara ( & her high ranking passengers ) traditionally would sail in the rear of the fleet .
