  by reality testing my fantasies and obsessions about them . 
  for example , if daydream about meeting them - i remind myself how they would ridicule me behind my back and tell everyone i was still interested in them . 
  if i think about sleeping with them , i remind myself how they do n't consider me sexually attractive . 
  pretty much all my thoughts can be reality-tested that way . 
  just think -- how would they react if what i am daydreaming about really happened ? 
  around 8 minutes is when he mentioned that his program broadcasted in russia was sold to 12 different broadcasters and that it occurred in 2012 , and he has n't done another one . 
  so , not on-going , not just russia . 
   given a show on russia today, 
  not true , see link below . 
  and , arya is cersei 's little sister by marriage . 
  there are low-cost clinics and no-cost clinics . 
  please look into them . 
   several ( regular ) vets and all i was told is that the cost of medication and ` upkeep ' ( literally what one said ) would be too much . 
  draining the cysts and cleaning out the wound is correct . 
  what you need is antibiotics -- is there any way you can get some ? 
  maybe through the internet or , in order countries , they are sold over-the-counter . 
  yes , they do . 
  here 's another idea . 
  try treating her with acne medication , 5 % benzoyl peroxide . 
  otc . 
  bathe her with medicated soaps every other day and pop every cyst that shows a head . 
  after the hydrogen peroxide put neosporin on it . 
  ( also , otc . ), 
  also , look for any mouthwash with chlorhexidine in the ingredients and spray on all the infected areas . 
  for internet medication , you need a to do a search and see what comes up in your area . 
  amoxicillin is a good one . 
  give her a child dosage ( same weight as her ) . 
  vets do n't like to treat older dogs . 
  i am very sorry . 
  you need a prescription for pet meds . 
  there 're other places , but they may not be available in your area . 
  no , the yellow stuff has to be eliminated . 
  drain it until clear blood comes out . 
  she should be on a very , small child 's dose . 
  i am sorry i ca n't help you more . 
  try this needymeds.com , they may be able to help you out . 
  seems like you are n't paying them enough attention . 
  see them for what they really are - immature people who should n't have power over children . 
  hope things get better . 
  start taking the dog for a walk and meet other people . 
  not if you clean it out with hydrogen peroxide and put neosporin on it . 
  cysts hurt , draining them stops the pain . 
  your dog may have an underlying condition that makes this different . 
  so , maybe your vet has a better opinion . 
  i am afraid that i have given too much advice already without being a vet or even seeing your dog . 
  i do n't want to do more harm than good . 
  why do n't you describe your dog 's condition at [ r/veterinarians ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/veterinarians/ ), 
  everyone loves dogs - they will stop and talk to your puppy . 
  you do n't have to say anything . 
  it 's a baby step . 
  not packing winter clothing has brought down many a would-be conqueror . 
  a little too much military strategy for this book , i think . 
  fwiw , you are 100 % correct and deserve to be elevated to general . 
  ( more than jon snow , who seems to prefer being a foot soldier in his own army . ), 
  a little too much military strategy and knowledge of real politick for this book , i think . 
  fwiw , you are 100 % correct and deserve to be elevated to admiral immediately . 
  why it 's best to leave kl alone for a while . 
  let the unrest begin . 
  do n't give up . 
  soon , people will be greeting you by your pup 's name . 
  just relax -- even if all you can do is walk the puppy and have others welcome the little thing . 
  walking around will help you a lot . 
  please keep in touch , let me know how it 's going . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  there are supposed to be latent dragons sleeping ( or in a coma - who knows ) in the shadowlands . 
  more interesting , is any of dany 's dragon going lay eggs ? 
  two of them were locked up for a long time with nothing to do . 
  good luck !, 
  i am sure you will find a way out of your shell with a puppy to get attention from other dog-lovers . 
  despite examples from hollywood celebrities , most people from the pope to liberal-skewed reddit do n't think children and transgender issues mix well . 
  children do n't know what they are choosing/feeling or why . 
  it may be a girl going through a tomboy stage or a boy in a family of sisters wanting to fit in . 
  ( or a boy - now a straight man , transfixed by his mother fabulous self and her regimens . 
  yes , he married a super high-maintenance woman . 
  i 've never known a man prouder of his beautiful wife . ), 
  wait till puberty and be receptive/supportive to how they feel . 
  until then , no talks about - `` well , when you are older , there are procedures we can look into . '', 
  nope . 
  yes they will . 
  hillary knows policy , trump knows tv , specially debating on tv . 
  not a fair comparison . 
  he 's non-interventionist for the most part , and he 'll think twice when something tangible ( money , nuclear holocaust ) is on the line . 
  yep , this is when you turn to your pr person and state - `` draft a dignified response to khan ; do some research regarding his son 's / family 's immigration status and work it in positively . 
  pretty sure khan is here legally or his son got his immigration papers by joining the army . 
  i do n't think trump ever thought he would get this far . 
  i 'd question that . 
  i voted for barack obama and he has governed more to the center than his 2008 campaign rhetoric would indicate . 
  he 's done okay in real estate ; he negotiates well . 
  bankruptcy is part of real estate . 
  when something tangible is on the line , he * probably * quiets down and does his due diligence . 
  btw , not a trump supporter , but not all trump bashing is credible . 
  winston ? 
  hope you all find your man . 
  yeah , he needs to see `` hamilton '' to understand why that is not an option . 
  this happens ... you might ( in the future , if you run across this again ) tell the guy to talk to her . 
  trust me . 
  you are good dog owner . 
  no , she needs her anal glands expressed . 
  talk to your groomer ; they can teach to do it yourself . 
  being a cat -- get used to it .
