  share things that may be you not be are proud of , we all debase ourselves in these situations . 
  that 's how you heal . 
  to me , it looks like you are bottling it all up inside and it is interfering with the way you interact with others . 
  i like your theory , but it 's too scientific and logical for a magic-related place . 
  asshai is depopulated because it slowly died off or people left . 
  much like rome in the late dark ages . 
  a city of more than 1 million in antiquity had fewer than 50k inhabitants by then . 
  moreover , the books heavily imply that asshai is messed up because of the dark blood magic practiced there . 
   and that 's forgetting about jon dying since apparently everyone else did . 
  if they did n't , jon would just be another resurrected nobody in westeros . 
  he stands on his accomplishments . 
   brans kind of a little shit and not really who i 'd pick as the first candidate for omniscience . 
  lots of people have died because of his decisions . 
  -- did not warn the night 's watch brothers at craster 's keep so that they could have mitigated their losses . 
  -- left his 5-year-old brother alone with a direwolf and a wilding . 
  -- got meera 's brother killed trying to get to the tree . 
  -- surfed the weirwood net without supervision , got marked and was responsible for the deaths of the last of the children of the forest , bloodraven and summer . 
  -- caused hodor 's disability for later use in saving his sorry ass . 
  -- meera is essentially his slave and may be suffering from stockholm syndrome . 
  from suddenly , last summer . 
  just love the smile in this picture . 
  in the others , liz was in character and had disturbed look on face . 
  i agree . 
  ep1 - [ spoilers set up of storylines ] ( / s `` dany traveling to dragonstone , set up for major storylines - cersei 's group , jon 's group , dany 's group , arya 's group ( including freys , bwb and hound ) , nk 's group . '' ), 
  ep6 - [ spoilers rumored ] ( / s `` capture of the wight in white harbor to bring to king 's landing . 
  ww involved in battle . 
  lots of cgi because there 's dragons , wights , and ww . '' ), 
  ep7 - [ spoilers rumored ] ( / s `` wall begins to fall . '' ), 
  let me explain --, 
  when i was a teenager reading paperback romance novels , my parents both felt that i should `` read the russian masters . '', 
  my father even gave an ( abridged ) copy of * brothers karamazov . 
  * in school , i read * crime and punishment . 
  i know both books are masterpieces , exploring the truth of the human condition . 
  they are incredibly depressing . 
  i am afraid that i will slit my throat if i read any of the books on this list . 
  sometimes , denial and ignorance are bliss . 
  the cia wo n't bust you ; the fbi will . 
  but not for something like this . 
  i disagree . 
  in the threat question , the survey includes climate change , which affects russia big time . 
  maybe in a bad way , perhaps in a positive way . 
  we do n't know yet . 
  but it is a threat . 
  who knows what 's under siberia 's permafrost . 
  same here . 
  hate that drug . 
  i talked to a pharmacist about it , and she told that severe tooth pain nothing else works the same . 
  sorry , it 's always darkest before it gets really black . 
  yes , this is similar to the correct plural used for the mouse connected to you computer . 
  the correct term is mouse devices . 
  to have fun , you can say with all seriousness : `` it 's one mouse , two mouses , three or more mice . '', 
  similarly , the plural of moose is : `` one moose , two mooses , three or more meese . '', 
  ( plural of moose is moose . ), 
  if i remember the initial news reports , his coworkers called him `` green river gary . '', 
  they certainly thought something was odd about him and the case . 
  however , he convinced him the police exonerated him . 
  great episode !, 
  i like hardhome better , but battle of the bastards is my second fave . 
  came here to post this . 
  the wolf packs in the north atlantic killed many people , destroyed vital supplies and , almost , helped hitler win the war . 
  britain 's survival stood in the balance from 1940-43 . 
  thankfully , the americans eventually built ships faster than the germans sunk them . 
  i spent a month in moscow , and the russian people i met were warm , friendly and witty . 
  and , yes , their opinion of putin was similar to your advisor 's . 
  yeah . 
  dying is the best career move . 
  during their lifetimes , liz delivered higher box office returns , won two oscars and embodied feminine beauty and sexual prowess . 
  but , we all saw her sad middle age . 
  in her later life , she reinvented herself , regained her looks , became an influential aids activist and very wealthy monetizing her fame . 
  these achievements do n't get much attention compared to a picture of marylin from her height . 
  you 'll be happy to know that [ dangerous , sadistic persons from my past ] are burning hell . 
   it goes both ways ... 
  so true . 
  and all that emphasis on rhetoric and debate in classical education . 
  to think is to suffer -- balzac . 
  sometimes i think the elite want the needy to die off . 
  they see automation coming , no need for a large workforce , and endless payments to keep the unwanted workers alive . 
  am i the only one ? 
  so true !, 
  looking at his face , was there ever any doubt ? 
  this is very true . 
  question is : why does this anti-public playbook work ? 
  mcconnell is so orwellian . 
  well ... ratings matter and trump is a ratings magnet . 
  for good or evil . 
  birds of a feather flock together . 
  what else is new ? 
  oh yes -- putin actively supports both . 
  the tretyakov gallery in moscow . 
  thanks for resurrecting the font and the word swell . 
  after the cold war , the west had the chance to integrate the ussr into its family of nations . 
  instead , the west actively conspired to break it up , expand nato to frontiers deep inside the former ussr and isolate it . 
  sadly , this worked for a while and hurt the average russian . 
  i know some of them found the 90s a troublesome time . 
  during this period , russia receded from western fears as far as the media was concerned . 
  now , we see a crisis of capitalism , where the eradication of the left ( labor unions , public services , etc. ), 
  results in ever wider wealth/income inequality . 
  i think we are witnessing a struggle within western elites , who do not know how to stop protests against them and keep their profitable practices in place . 
  yes , they could stop rising inequality , but that would cost them money . 
  the elites do not want to do this .
