  otoh , i was struck by how well-dressed and made-up the women were whenever they went out , so i am sure this plays a part . 
  yet , i also think the high-cheekbones , oval faces , cat-like eyes , pale skin looks better on women than men . 
   long-distance helicopter parents, 
  great phrase - love it . 
  he 's cute !, 
  i agree - frank has done the best he could and got squeezed out by more powerful people . 
  did n't the blood look fresh ; there were carrion birds around . 
  she 's being mean to `` our ray . '', 
  yes , when he realized that he had been set up by frank and his wife had not told him the real rapist had been caught . 
  it was such a * what a chump i 've been * moment . 
  farrell also gave the impression that ray is a bit slow ( not exactly colombo ) with an ever so slight delayed reaction . 
  and the scene with his wife where he wants to say he was tricked , but ca n't . 
  his dialogue was unnecessary - it was obvious by looking at him . 
   - and the `` black stars rise '' - esque spanish line from the mexican gangster last week ( santa muerte save my soul , you guys chose this route ) or something vaguely similar . 
  * santa muerte has found me . 
  * is what he said . 
  reference to santa muerte , a cult for prostitutes/drug dealers in mexico . 
  they pray for a good death . 
  it 's going more main stream and the idol now does good deeds , too . 
  santa muerte is a crisis cult - meaning it promises miracles to incredibly poor or desperate people . 
  the catholic church says its a superstition , but does not condemn it because it recognizes the social conditions behind its existence . 
  thinking the same thing !, 
  maybe officially , but not in practice . 
   priests regularly chastise parishioners , telling them that death is not a person but rather a phase of life . 
  however , the church stops short of labeling such followers as heretics , instead accusing them of heterodoxy . 
  i am not sure which evidence room they were stolen from -- ventura 's , where ani works or vinci 's . 
  if vinci , then all our friends there are suspects . 
  no - catalyst has not been mentioned as a backer for the vinci film . 
  caspere did arrange for tax incentives for which he received executive producer credit with backend participation . 
  pay attention , 
  i know - i 've been mentioning it all along !, 
  she was an actress at some point . 
  maybe worked as a high-end call girl at some point . 
  obviously , frank would n't know as he does n't participate in this stuff himself . 
  safe deposits boxes exist for a reason , paul !, 
  it 's not about ** producing snuff films ** , it 's about ** participating in a live snuff situation . 
  some people would want to watch , some would want to do the cutting . 
  pitlor mentioned the girls needed the right prescriptions - just think about it . 
  some drugs make you passive and unaware of what is going on , others make you super aware . 
  the film is strictly for blackmail of the participants . 
  not for distribution in the adult film market . 
  yes , imagine danny de vito delivering `` hurts . . like blue balls ... . in the heart . '', 
  armadillo sues for animal abuse - represented by the aspca . 
  `` hope he get leprasie ! '', 
  mob yells . 
  iguanas , raccoons , foxes , possums - all in the city . 
  ecuador is a bitch country . 
  no really . 
  ecuador defeated peru ( 5 times larger ) and took two of its provinces in 1940s ; defaulted on its debt in 2008 during the crash , avoided the imf and recovered , gave assange asylum at its london embassy , offered snowden asylum , backed out of the oas mutual defense treaty with the us . 
  my favorite - before it began drilling for oil in its tiny section of jungle , it asked the world 's conservationists to give ecuador 's poor the money they would get from the oil to stop the drilling . 
  no one put their money where their mouth was and ecuador reluctantly started drilling . 
  shut everyone up -- no protests , etc. 
  but , yeah , see what you made me do or `` put your money where your mouth is . '', 
  it does n't matter that paul is gay . 
  in fact , it makes no sense for his character be so tortured about his sexuality at his age and in la. 
  it is a very accepting environment . 
  that 's the biggest problem imo . 
  his mother is a huge red flag . 
  paul 's mother is very weird ; showing inappropriate behavior around him in the best circumstances . 
  showing contempt when she does n't get her way . 
  i wonder if his mother molested him , turning him off to women in general but mom in particular . 
  mother thinks it has to be cause he 's gay . 
  but he does n't seem want men - he can only be around them when drunk or in high-stress combat situations . 
  maybe he ca n't be openly gay because mom 's taunts are stuck in his head . 
  family life is something he wants but is terrified of . 
  there 's more than meets the eye , of a tortured gay guy . 
   we now know enough about catalyst , the vinci and state gov. , and the tony chessani/pitlor/blake / osip sex party gang to see that while they are central to the story , they are likely dominoes falling in the chaos of the caspere murder aftermath and that an outside entity is actually responsible for putting the events we have seen in motion . 
  agreed - the body was displayed where it could attract the most attention and multi-jurisdiction investigation . 
  me , too . 
  i refer to it as burma , in protest . 
  it was made in 1973 - many eyewitnesses still alive . 
  tarawa , iwo jima , okinawa -- very bloody battles ; okinawa ( i think ) was bloodier than stalingrad . 
   tarawa , iwo jima , okinawa -- very bloody battles ; okinawa ( i think ) was bloodier than stalingrad . 
  see my comment above . 
  totally agree . 
  hitler was kind to his dogs and secretaries is the type of thing usually brought . 
  yet because hitler lived 40 million died . 
  he starved audrey hepburn and killed ann frank . 
  not true - stalin was against exporting revolution . 
  that was the crux of his disagreement with trosky . 
  a million here , a million there -- does it really matter which # is true ? 
  i also first saw it as kid - greatly impressed me then and even more as an adult . 
  you do n't understand they needed the money - ecuador does n't have much -- they knew that no one was going to give them money . 
  this was so they do n't have to take abuse from environmentalists -- a way of saying - you care about ecosystem , but not about the poor ? 
  thanks for clarifying that . 
  i agree , too . 
  but in this particular case , mom is a problem . 
  this came afterwards . 
  when the us liberated italy , set up their own government . 
  it established the precedent that whomever liberated a country could establish their own government . 
  btw , eastern europe was more about establishing buffer states than anything else . 
  the big nowhere by james ellroy . 
  the actress was hot and played a burlesque dancer in * blaze *, 
  here she is in [ blaze ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/a1j42m/blaze-year-1989-director-ron-shelton-lolita-davidovich-based-upon-a1j42m.jpg ), 
  growing old is horrible for a beauty . 
  ** there are kids - boys and girls in that picture . 
  ** second from the right , to the left from the standing woman . 
  then there 's all the little in the forefront to the left . 
  no - the kid on the right is standing and you see that he/she has childhood breasts . 
  take a closer look .
