  thanks , ravens , crows and their cousins the jays are among the most intelligent of birds . 
  they could be trained to do at least rudimentary scouting that would then investigated further . 
  love you . 
  the check is in the mail . 
  oh , theon is going to make it . 
  read the spoilers , we do not kneel . 
  if congress is in recess , ca n't trump use a pocket veto . 
  if congress is in recess , ca n't trump use a pocket veto . 
  if congress is in recess , ca n't trump use a pocket veto . 
  if congress is in recess , ca n't trump use a pocket veto . 
  hrc has done so much already for our country , that we really ca n't ask her for more . 
  has trump signed yet ? 
  no , it is a very early article from a few days after jrs meeting . 
  from a tiny outlet . 
  how did they get this information so fast . 
  btw / u/usawasfun i am spreading through twitter . 
  you may have a detached retina , see a doctor immediately . 
  i want to know who the international strategic studies association is and how they got the information so quickly . 
  the key here is the early date of the report . 
  awesome work on #osint - open source intelligence . 
  information openly available but not easily found . 
  for example , the soviets had lenin embalmed so he always appears lifelike . 
  a huge secret in the 30s , no one could get a picture of it . 
  a mortuary magazine had it . 
  they 're brainwashed by the ` news ' they see or listen to . 
  idiots/racists who want their views reinforced . 
  even more , to this day , only 30 % of americans believe he did something illegal with russia . 
  if not so , why is he so jumpy about it . 
  unbelievable . 
  the stupidity of the average american astounds all the time . 
  it means counterintelligence investigation yielded enough to make into a criminal investigation . 
  this comment is encouraging trump to fire mueller . 
  just to slow things down . 
  worked in moscow , can confirm . 
  st. augustine is okay . 
  daytona as a huge spring break crowd , holds biker gang rallies and has some speedway that attracts sketchy characters . 
  be aware that in fl prices for housing are high and wages are lower . 
  true . 
  in general , you wo n't believe how stupid some floridians are . 
  you have to rephrase your comments in smaller words , simple sentences for them to understand . 
  example :, 
  do n't go in that canal , there are gators , venomous toads and cottonmouths there . 
  see the sign . 
  yes , it even if you paddle in your canoe . 
  the reptiles & amphibians can overturn it . 
  they are very territorial . 
  ignores you , leaves his canoe for a swim gets dragged under by a cottonmouth . 
  better :, 
  see that sign . 
  it says not to swim in the canal because it 's filled with animals that can kill you . 
  you can die if you go . 
  is that your wife ? 
  mrs. floridaidiot , your husband wants to go canoeing in a canal filled with killer alligators , poisonous water snakes and frogs that spit poison . 
  wife tells him , you ca n't go canoeing . 
  me : saved another life . 
  yea , all we can hope is he eats himself to death . 
  i can see trump in a mobility scooter ( golf cart ) zooming around the white house . 
  pence is gay . 
  he tries hard not give in to his urges . 
  why he prays so much ; trump was reportedly freaked by all the prayer his vp did during the campaign . 
  i am going to give pence the benefit of the doubt and he was really praying . 
  unless praying was code for ... 
  once is a great while , poor pence gives in to his urges . 
  maybe that and to the keep urges away is why he keeps praying . 
  all i know . 
  so true , my grandfather was british ; dunkirk is a legend , its horrors lost in time and mythology . 
  this movie does n't do that . 
  it shows a real moment . 
  my only complaint is that if dunkirk had not succeeded , churchill would have fallen from power and britain would have made a separate peace with germany . 
  so much was at stake there , and b/c nolan chose to focus on the soldiers , he lost the grand importance of the evacuation . 
  ohio . 
  what was in drogon 's eye when the camera panned to it . 
  it was different than before . 
  cousin of dragons . 
  keep up . 
  btw , did anyone notice the difference in drogon 's eye when the camera panned to it ? 
   btw , did anyone notice the difference in drogon 's eye when the camera panned to it ? 
  it looked like fire ; different from regular red eyes . 
  definitely saw fire . 
   definitely saw fire . 
  not father , besides they are cousins . 
  definitely saw fire . 
  wtf an eyelash ? 
  what was in drogon 's eye when the camera panned to it . 
  it was different than before . 
  what was in drogon 's eye when the camera panned to it . 
  it was different than before . 
  yes !, 
  what was the fire in drogon 's eye ? 
  can someone get a screen cap ? 
  what was the fire in drogon 's eye ? 
  can someone get a screen cap ? 
  did n't catch that . 
  still ... 
  what was the fire in drogon 's eye ? 
  can someone get a screen cap ? 
  no it changed from the red eyes with slit pupils right before . 
  what was the fire in drogon 's eye ? 
  can someone get a screen cap ? 
  no it changed from the red eyes with slit pupils right before .
