  from the guardian --, 
   the late-night nature of the resignation suggests deliberations over flynn 's departure were pummelled along by monday 's steady stream of revelations , from the washington post , associated press and new york times . 
   as ap reports :, 
   flynn was spotted near the oval office just after 10 pm monday . 
   amid the uncertainty over flynn 's future , several of the president 's top advisers , including chief of staff reince priebus and counsel don mcgahn , ducked in and out of late-night meetings in the west wing . 
   pence 's only job is to see nothing and not be implicated . 
  i think melania works on this , too . 
  so much , it 's too frightening to think about . 
   just look at trump 's tweets praising putin 's reaction to obama 's imposition of sanctions . 
  do n't forget the `` smoking tweet '' after the conversation . 
  great move on delay ( by v. putin ) - i always knew he was very smart !, 
  ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/814919370711461890 ), 
  it was driven by press reports and flynn is a scapegoat . 
   in any normal presidency , one scandal like this is enough for an entire term . 
  for trump , it 's tuesday ,, 
  good one . 
   i do n't know if trump knew . 
  and neither do you . 
  what does trump ever know and when does he ever know it ? 
  when does trump ever know and when does he ever know it . 
  i did something like this . 
  i went to an alternative bookstore and found the joy of ( male ) gay sex , complete with diagrams and everything . 
  i was so curious that i bought and , read parts of it . 
  i was too embarrassed to bring it home so dropped in the library donation chute . 
  conservative town . 
  the kremlin has buyer 's remorse , too . 
  clip from article in du -- http://www.democraticunderground.com/10028644733, 
   the russian government fears not only trump 's downfall , of course , but also the possibility that he could opportunistically switch to a tough anti-moscow line in order to make peace with hawkish republican leaders in congress . 
  the republicans will not impeach the president ; they control the house of representatives and all impeachment proceedings must begin in the house judiciary committe . 
  this post is a great recap . 
  i want to add something to it . 
  the press was getting information from national security officials -- current and former . 
  so , these sources started to seriously drip-drip-drip a few days ago . 
  trump does nothing . 
  he tries to skate . 
  typical behavior . 
  we know today the white house was in turmoil over flynn 's status . 
  trump did not want to pull the trigger and was still defending him . 
  so , when the previous leaking was n't enough , someone leaks after conway 's statement that white house knew all along . 
  so , they forced his hand . 
  did n't realize he was mad dog 's puppy . 
  exactly -- also why they are emphasizing lying to pence . 
  that 's not the reason . 
  pence may have known , the justice department informed the wh . 
  is he that far out of the loop ? 
  it is n't . 
  i do n't know if pence knew or not . 
  however , trump knew as confirmed by spicer today . 
  trump allowed flynn to mislead pence . 
  see http://talkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/making-sense-of-the-spicer-story, 
  for an overview of spicer 's press conference and why the story makes no sense . 
  tl ; dr at no point did spicer state , flynn misled trump . 
  trump was briefed by the doj on the matter and assumed nothing was wrong , with the wh counsel approving trump 's view . 
  trump still allowed flynn to lie to the fbi , to the media , pence , and others . 
  so ask yourself , if there was nothing wrong , why deny it and deceive others into denying it for you ? 
  why would trump allow this to happen ? 
  at first , no one noticed them . 
  people the world over thought they were cute . 
  they mistook them for bears or stuffed animals . 
  but the koalas in the world 's zoos were sleeper cells of australian marsupials and other down under species bent on world domination . 
  after the emu war , they controlled australia . 
  kangaroos bred to the point of being pests , protected by australia 's strict cuteness laws . 
  they hopped wherever they wanted . 
  the first conquest was easy . 
  the australians too laid back , too drunk , too unprepared to fight back . 
  with a continent under their control , they proceeded to infiltrate the world 's zoos with their kind . 
  in germany , a koala bear ( not a bear ) reached out to a panda bear ( not a bear ) and secured the alliance of creature that controlled china . 
  with sufficient australian agents in place , the marsupials deployed drop bears ( not a bear ) to destroy the global urban elite . 
  because the elites lived in high rises and were surprised by the drop bear attacks , this operation proceeded quietly . 
  the global elite out of the way , the australian government ( a puppet regime since the emu war ) , took control of the large human cities and from there , the rest of the world . 
  outside of elite circles , few noticed their new australian overlords . 
  sure , there were conspiracy theories -- after taking hong kong , shanghai , and beijing , the panda population died mysteriously . 
  ( the koalas double-crossed their old not-bear friends when they no longer needed them . ), 
  things looked normal.the only noticeable change -- the world 's maps : south is now north , and australia is on the top-right corner of all of them . 
  how many of servers and members are spies ? 
  i think at this point every country in the world has paid the $ 200k . 
  probably someplace like chad has one membership , but china bought 1000 memberships and is sending their best asian chefs to interviews . 
  not to mention , bugging the place and other spy stuff . 
   this might be their only desperate chance to collect assets and data . 
  plus , we know trump wo n't stop them . 
  listening in on the wh during flynn 's ouster . 
  probably someone using a sophisticated method to send info to the ship so that it can get to russia asap . 
  ca n't wait for jack bauer to show up . 
  what idiot calls the russian ambassador who is routinely monitored and has been since at least the 1940s , with sensitive information ? 
  the dollar will continue to be weak as long as trump is president . 
  many creditor nations are no longer buying us government debt due to uncertainty about trump 's temperament and penchant for bankruptcy . 
  have you considered other currencies , like the japanese yen ? 
  visited russia , can confirm . 
  there is not a consensus view . 
  to broadly answer op 's question , it depends on the age and economic circumstances of the russian . 
  many middle-aged russians never recovered losing their government jobs in the 90s . 
  i know three former nuclear scientists who were working as technical writers . 
  so naturally , some of them look back fondly on the ussr . 
  younger russians are excited by the possibilities to travel , and their skill set is more in synch with the current economic environment . 
  yes , because moscow is the third rome . 
  me , too !, 
  very pretty . 
   russia : estonia , poland , lithuania , finland , latvia , ukraine . 
  and the russian position of `` protecting ethnic russians '' is an anschluss argument . 
  very true .
