  her last was with a construction worker 20 years younger who left her because she became bedridden . 
  she only cheated on husbands 2 and 4 . 
  her big crime was stealing other women 's husbands . 
  that 's what her in trouble . 
  rodney stark in the [ the rise of christianity ] ( http://www.amazon.com/rise-christianity-marginal-religious-centuries/dp/0060677015/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1401224259&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=rise+of+christianity ) argues that by the time constantine declared christianity the official religion of the empire , it was already well-established . 
  he attributes this to christianity 's higher population growth rates , more secure communities and active proselytization . 
  the church 's position against infanticide and abortion resulted in higher birth rates and lower death rates . 
  the latter because women took an active role in caring for sick persons as well the likelihood the women lived longer without abortions . 
  higher security came from building more resilient communities that took care of their sick and poor in a time and place without charities or social welfare . 
  many persons found this attractive and would want to join . 
  finally , christians actively tried to convert others , using the established network of jewish quarters in roman cities . 
  and , of course , st. paul made christianity easier to join than judaism . 
  how can i put this delicately -- regarding aa women wanting to date white guys . 
  what i have been told is that asian men are very difficult to get along with , that in general , white men do n't require women to be as submissive as asian men do . 
  so asian american women , the descendants of asians who left traditional asian society , may prefer men who they perceive as giving them more freedom . 
  just what i have been told . 
  you just made my point . 
  in traditional asian society , the men set the rules ; here in america they compete with other men , who play by different rules . 
  in the us marriage/dating market , asian women have choices , and they will go with whom they find most simpatico . , 
  this is the best answer . 
  andre malraux wrote of the roman respect americans have for their constitution . 
  thanks for posting -- it makes me think of somerset maugham and when east asia was still the orient . 
  i am hispanic , had many japanese women friends when i lived in la ; just repeating what i have been told . 
  i am hispanic , had many japanese women friends when i lived in la ; just repeating what i have been told . 
  i think malraux meant that americans view the constitution with the same respect that the ancient romans did their laws - which were carved on forum for everyone to see , were not arbitrary , and were final . 
  other countries ignore their laws : things do n't look right - judge ignores the law , crisis - new constitution , war - cancel elections . 
  in america , saying something is unconstitutional is the end of many arguments , you ca n't ignore the law because there will be penalties if caught because the trial judge ca n't overrule , the us did n't even cancel elections during the civil war and there is no wholesale rewriting of the constitution . 
  well - i stand corrected , but he started it in that direction . 
  no , they were in their 20s and a some were strikingly beautiful and very fashionable . 
  i would n't take offense . 
  this is true -- it 's the english system of law that colonies carried over . 
  to bad this did not occur in latin america . 
  patriarchy exists in both places - however , one may less repressive than the other . 
  as a hispanic , i can tell you that many hispanic women feel the same way . 
  in my mother 's generation , many women would marry american men because `` los latinos son imposibles . '', 
  it does n't apply to all hispanic men of that generation , but in general - in comparison to american men , they were more controlling . 
  this is a false equivalency and you know it . 
  thanks for posting -- the inaccuracies is what makes these maps interesting . 
  truth in human interactions is more a function of power than investigated verified facts . 
  the powerful determine what the truth is . 
  completely agree with this . 
  the tea party is very populist - it has seen the declining share of the pie given the average joe and , consisting of idiots , blames the `` illegals , '' the women , the blacks , etc. 
  instead , they should look at the corporate interests represented by the gop . 
  they have seen that gop does not care about their issues . 
  they not only want to change who is in govt. , but who 's in the gop . 
  i found it a worthwhile purchase , there are so many details to savor in this very dense story . 
  plus , it 's easy to go back and figure out something confusing or complicated . 
  the dvd has an inside the episode feature that explains story points not immediately obvious - like when rust is questioned by the two detectives , he demanded beer because he knew after he started drinking , anything he said would be inadmissible . 
  the best feature - english subtitles !, 
  no more rust mumbling -- btw , after you read what he 's mumbling about , you begin to see how crazy he is . 
  i felt the end was a let down the first time i saw it . 
  now , i see it as a coda - nice touch , after the intense carcosa scene . 
  this is not strange , i loved my pug brazen more than life itself . 
  she passed on 4/30 and i still cry about it when i think of her . 
  on my father 's side , they were extremely poor galician ( spanish ) peasants , who were mercifully spared world war i. 
  on my mother 's side , they lived in cuba . 
  this was a time of prosperity for cuba , which supplied raw materials to the allied side . 
  mostly , they kept their eyes peeled for u-boats whenever they went to the beach . 
  two great-uncles were physicians , educated in the sorbonne . 
  one of them , in a fit of romantic fervor , got on a cruise liner with the intention of going to front in france . 
  my great-aunt followed him unto the ship and dragged him out , telling him he could n't go risking his life in that hell hole . 
  he left with her , because he had family responsibilities, 
  i just saw it -- but , i think should just paste it on a suitable wood board and decoupage it , with all it 's defects . 
  yes , i am an animal . 
  would you feel the same way if the victims were upper middle class white children ? 
  like that rust asked for the beer so his testimony would be inadmissible . 
  stuff covered in the feature inside the episode . 
  like that errol really wanted the confrontation and did not expect to die in the regularly understood sense of the word . 
  in germany , even their abandoned areas are clean . 
  please try to understand that wwii is the only war americans know much about ( with the exception of the civil war ) . 
  and the nazis made colorful bad guys that have well-served hollywood as handy villains . 
  unfortunately , the german penchant for recordkeeping , picture taking and home movies have left way too much evidence of the holocaust . 
  this is replayed on tv quite frequently , too . 
  so ... yeah ... can see how nazi could become a common slur . 
   a lot of the focus on the sea peoples has depicted them as directly responsible for the late bronze age collapse and for destroying the late bronze empires . 
  the problem with this is that it 's increasingly clear that the empires were falling for other reasons as well . 
  second this ... it is much more likely the empires were tittering on their own and the sea peoples were being opportunistic . 
  as for their ethnicity -- it could be displaced people tagging along . 
  second this -- cubans have a phrase `` m\u00e1s americano que lincoln . '', 
  an army of 10,000 pugs would cause immense amounts of destruction . 
  i have it on good authority that pugs are massing on the jordanian / syrian border for the express purpose of causing havoc where ever they go . 
  totally agree with this - i love richard burton , but in movies with inferior directors or miscasting , you ca n't get past his voice . 
  btw , one of liz taylor 's kids said he sounded that way at breakfast , too . 
  you probably wo n't read this , but just in case , i will die soon . 
  1 - the slavs are not subhuman . 
  they 'll kick your army 's ass . 
  they have better and more tanks . 
  they have untold millions of reserve soldiers . 
  2 - i know you despise chamberlain , but if you invade norway , he will fall from power and you 'll have to deal with churchill instead . 
  3 - why are you declaring war on the usa ? 
  did you learn nothing from wwi ? 
  along the shore the cloud waves break ,, 
  the twin suns sink behind the lake ,, 
  the shadows lengthen in carcosa . 
  strange is the night where black stars rise ,, 
  and strange moons circle through the skies ,, 
  but stranger still is lost carcosa . 
  songs that the hyades shall sing ,, 
  where flap the tatters of the king ,, 
  song of my soul , my voice is dead ,,
