  good point - some made a similar point earlier . 
  love this !, 
  lol . 
   an esoteric reference, 
  and a super cool one , too . 
  frank 's ginger assistant ? 
  i agree . 
  i loved * the black dahlia * when it came out . 
  however , the ** real story ** of beth short and the latest research is far more frightening than ellroy 's fictional one . 
  for example , she was still alive , though perhaps unconscious , when she was bisected . 
  she was held prisoner and tortured for about a week . 
  she knew her killer , a family friend who died 2 years later of natural causes . 
  lots of weird stuff . 
  bad , just really bad . 
  makes mary kelly 's evisceration by the ripper seem tame . 
  he killed her quickly first . 
  did n't torture her . 
  yeah -- probably needed to make sure the blue showed up on the screen . 
  i thought it was the orgy scene leaked earlier . 
  but , who knows ... 
   not a single regret . 
  i suffer from obsessive thoughts , so i know it 's not real . 
  outsiders wo n't understand, 
  i just watched it a third time and really began to like it . 
  agree about the director , though . 
  not at all . 
  if he is the father listed on the birth certificate , he has parental rights . 
  regardless of the whether he is the bio dad . 
  in fact , the one who has to fight for parental visits is bio dad , assuming he wanted to . 
  it would be difficult if the child was conceived through rape . 
  ray 's parental rights can be taken away - and its very difficult - but if he is violent with criminal associations / lifestyle it can be done . 
  that 's why his wife came back to tell him about the state inquiries at her house - she has more ammo , now . 
  yep . 
  this is strange -- there have anti-greece articles in nytimes and now the telegraph . 
  i sincerely doubt that he did a referendum expecting a yes vote . 
  he campaigned hard for it . 
  the empire ( corporate interest and their bought media ) are striking back . 
  btw - everyone in power in the eu was expecting a yes vote - this is a total surprise . 
  what happens when people are allowed to vote , without restrictions . 
  ( previous votes excluded the young for `` bureaucratic '' reasons . ), 
  i read it in the guardian -- ca n't look for it now . 
  none were given - the current pm said that because of bureaucratic reasons , young persons could not vote . 
  saying the opposite - the young delivered the no vote . 
  previous instance . 
  lol !, 
  he 's trying to rate an invite . 
  me , too - had to re-watch it . 
  the photographer looks like he shaved a fuller beard . 
  good point !, 
  biggest twist - it really is ray 's kid . 
  although all those pics of the family show no ginger recessive gene . 
  yeah ... this is ani 's issue . 
  we 've been looking at ray 's , frank 's and paul 's issues . 
  we 'll be exploring that soon . 
  you just have n't been hanging with cultured , educated thugs . 
  ever been to wall street ? 
   would victorious centrals be that bad ? 
  look at the eu now , with germany calling the shots . 
  yes , it would have been that bad . 
  good analysis . 
  i also think his father beat up people as a cop and certainly ray beats up people without hesitation . 
  he is just like his father in that respect . 
  then we see the real current day hands and they have alcoholic shakes . 
  so ray realizes that he will end up like his dad - alone and drinking . 
   vince vaughan is a far-cry from bob hoskins ... 
  vv is getting there but bob hoskins was awesome . 
  and the first appearance of pierce brosnan . 
   maybe ray will find redemption . 
  the musical choice confirms this . 
  `` lies the seed that with the sun 's love in the spring becomes the rose . '', 
  thought so , too . 
  she 's a more badass version of gillian anderson 's character in * the fall * and elisabeth moss 's in * top of the lake . 
  all these female characters are very closed off and sexually dominant . 
  all have serious issues with men in their stories . 
  completely agree and the issue of female and child exploitation is there , too . 
   people watch a beloved character die ( or get sexually assaulted-got ) and act as if it really happened . 
  it never happened . 
  those are n't real people . 
  thank you . 
  on another thread , someone was mentioning ellroy 's * the black dahlia , * and i wrote that beth short 's real story was much more horrifying than in that book - bad as her fate was in his fictionalized account . 
  for example , she was bisected while still alive - ( though maybe in shock ) ; she died from the glasgow smile carved on her face , choking on her own blood , she was held and tortured for a week . 
  her corpse was dumped near the house of family friend , she knew her killer . 
  same with the jack the ripper take on * from hell * -- they never caught him or had any idea who he was . 
  mary kelly did not get away . 
  so not only do audiences want uplifting stories , they want real horror mitigated . 
   i have n't met many fathers that would call their young son a `` fat pussy '' no matter the circumstances . 
  you 've led a sheltered life . 
  omg - i had a globe , too . 
  and those bookshelves . 
  i studied this in an american high school ( no less  ), 
  later , as i learned more about wwii - the americans single-handedly did n't win the war !, 
  what ! , i formed the opinion that stalin was probably providential . 
  i am in no way dismissing his colossal errors in judgment , his brutality or his murderous blood thirst . 
  yet , who else would have put with all those massive casualties to defeat hitler . 
  another leader would have made a separate peace . 
  in europe , only churchill and stalin saw hitler clearly . 
  sure stalin made a pact with him , but only after being rebuffed by britain and france . 
  and , he got more out of his appeasement - baltic states , half of poland , than the craven appeasers in the west . 
  btw , is there any truth to the story that stalin ; s inner circle did n't call a doctor when he was dying and just let him pass on ? 
  i do n't think you understand ... he did n't stay dead .
