  btw , agree about aljazeera english . 
  this !, 
  they are hiding stuff because they screwed up really bad . 
  it looks like they bungled a hijacking negotiation with the pilot . 
  do n't know exactly how - it could be something as simple as demands were made and it was night time , the decision-makers were not available until morning . 
  the plane had crashed by then . 
  attached my beloved pug brazen , who passed away late april 30th . 
  i have not been able to stop weeping since ; i loved her dearly, 
  * let that day be darkness ; let not god regard it from above , neither let the light shine upon it . 
  let darkness and the shadow of death stain it ; *, 
  job 3:4 -5, 
  that 's gorgeous !, 
  really -- it 's more a `` do n't do this '' than a `` how to '' - basically , do n't criticize others needlessly , do n't monopolize conversations , do n't try to do the hard sell , do n't pressure people to do what you want - start finding out what they want , etc. 
  if you read it like this , you 'll eliminate lots of bad habits - then you can replace them with good ones . 
  well -- it was a sales pitch . 
  and the 5 % / 10 % return on contacts does n't sound promising or likely . 
  these are essentially cold calls . 
  a 1-2 % response is more likely . 
  here 's a better idea -- go to meetup and find professional organizations in your area and ask around . 
  you 'll get much better advice . 
  i would call human resources and use it as an excuse to ask about the position . 
  i would ask the hiring manager 's name and then email them with additional information . 
  i saw many persons respond negatively to your inquiry - so gauge the hr person - that 's what they are there for . 
  this -- following up is not going to change anything after a 3 hour interview . 
  does n't mean the answer is no - or yes . 
  just keep looking . 
  i know you want to stop looking , but trust me this is the only way to job hunt . 
  good point . 
  google is your friend . 
  good luck !, 
  you sound desperate -- a ba in history is a tough sell . 
  start a blog on historical subjects , etc. 
  contribute to historical subreddits . 
  get a teaching certificate , or find out if you can do substitute teaching . 
  finally , if you write well - begin writing on historical topics for the different content mills on the internet . 
  this should get you started and , believe me , something will come up - where / when you least expect it . 
  oh my god -- you will have a rough time . 
  please consider contracting ; the background check is not as stringent and , you 'll get your foot in the door . 
  i feel for you - really do . 
  can any of these be expunged ? 
  pharma sales rep -- know lots of nurses that quit and did this and were very happy . 
  this, 
  can you look for work in colorado ? 
  well - a little salesmanship -- show pictures and descriptions of the projects and make them sound interesting like articles . 
  21 days since brazen died , i ca n't stop crying . 
  hugs to you , too . 
  i am slowly putting all her stuff away . 
  yes -- let them bring it up . 
  they 'll ask why do you want to leave your current employer - say , it looked financially unstable and explain there was an unexpected layoff on friday . 
  this is so cool !, 
  thanks for posting it . 
  ouch !!, 
  i like this much better because it makes it more generic . 
  you ca n't cry over spilt milk ... the fact you regret past decisions means that you will do better in the future . 
  you need to accept it and not spend time fussing over things you ca n't change . 
  shakespeare 's advice : `` wise men ne\u2019er sit and wail their loss , but cheerily seek how to redress their harms . '', 
  `` the moving finger writes ; and , having writ ,, 
  moves on : nor all your piety nor wit, 
  shall lure it back to cancel half a line ,, 
  nor all your tears wash out a word of it . '', 
  you ca n't change the past - only the present . 
  concentrate on that . 
  this is very true - it all comes from this idea of self-determination which ended up on the wrong side of history . 
  that said , there are two items that make israel different . 
  1 ) the holocaust pretty much impacted every jew , making them feel they needed to be protected , armed and ready to fight back . 
  israel derives its legitimacy among jews from this . 
  2 ) the arabs have tried consistently to destroy israel out ; from the initial jewish settlements , to the attacks on the state , to arafat pulling the rug under clinton and starting the suicide attacks during the camp david talks . 
  these facts allow israel to maintain its claim to legitimacy among jews . 
  there is a similar dynamic for poland . 
  he 's just trying to get in good with the boss ' son . 
  because we do n't want to be confused by the what the bible says . 
  i 'm not being sarcastic . 
  i have seen evangelicals use scripture verses to justify the worst behavior imaginable . 
  the bible can not be taken literally . 
  a priest well versed in theology can explain the essential message ; some guy who decided he was `` a man of the cloth , '' self-ordained , and started preaching ( and collecting money ) in his apt . 
  complex is not . 
  ( btw , he 's doing well . 
  before he was unemployed . 
  so , i guess he 's got gumption . ), 
  sister of a lawyer , here . 
  i do n't see the jd degree adding anything , there is an excess of lawyers in the marketplace . 
  the profession has been decimated in the 10 years . 
  in the tech sector , the jd will not add anything . 
  however , you can make your background more technical and you can get experience before the mba . 
  thanks -- just finished watching it , very good . 
  i remember that book - i keep trying to find it again , but i ca n't . 
  yes , i remember a quote along those lines . 
  i want to work for you , 
  my old boss thought it was a perk of his job to be able to insult and mistreat his subordinates . 
  martel - ( chuck , is that you ? ), 
  1066 is the traditional given for the last time england was invaded . 
  i know the answer to this . 
  liz married to get out of the house - that 's the way it was done in the early 50s , even though she was self-supporting . 
  so she had 4 marriages between ages 18-27 . 
  and , widowed once during that time !, 
  so - it was just going through boyfriends before she found her true love burton . 
  except she felt like she needed to be married because of her upbringing . 
  two of the marriages were to him . 
  they were both alcoholics , it was intense , but the relationship fell apart because of this . 
  her last two marriages were for companionship - in one case , she wanted to leave washington dc and go back to la ; so there went the senator .
