  the point of having co-signors is to make others party to it and have a moral obligation to intervene if someone breaks the agreement . 
   when you are fighting an opponent that does not hesitate to lie then you should not hesitate to lie yourself . 
  great quote - original ? 
  lol, 
  ita -- however , poroshenko can not say `` every step was taken to protect our troops and minimize casualties '' because his own lame decision-making caused the tragedy . 
  now , if he had withdrawn a week earlier , maybe . 
  yeah -- i know ukr is toast -- the eu is more interested in greece paying its loans than anything going on with putin . 
  completely agree -- the withdrawal should have happened a week ago at the latest . 
   i did notice that , while the retreat was chaotic , the ukrainian forces did not route or surrender en masse . 
  poroshenko also was n't worried about meeting angry troops coming out of the cauldron , since he visited the front lines today . 
  very good post - even balanced . 
  however , i do n't think putin wanted a massacre , just harassing fire . 
  he could have cut those retreating column ( s ) to pieces if he had so chosen . 
  otho , a massacre would have helped poroshenko and given him the high moral ground . 
  however , his delays reached the point where a massacre would be blamed on him . 
   they say poro left the room a couple of times to `` make calls to hq '', 
  that sounds sinister , but maybe a chocolate manufacturer needed to talk with some specialists on the matter at hand . 
  great post . 
  it also explains why there was no massacre at debaltseve - the russians could have cut them to pieces ; instead , just enough harassing fire to encourage an orderly and timely withdrawal next time . 
  i agree , putin would want nothing better than an excuse . 
  this is stupid right-wing propaganda , trying to sell more weapons . 
  i am an american , i do n't trust any general talking about arming ukr . 
  as many already pointed out , the problem is not lack of weaponry , but lack of army cohesion , motivation and training . 
  ( not to mention staff work . ), 
  do you want those weapons on the black market after they are abandoned . 
  assuming they even reach the troops . 
  they could easily be diverted by corrupt officials looking to make a quick buck . 
  i hear isis is buying . 
  never heard of motorola faction . 
  can motorola the company sue for copyright infringement . 
   the little irony is that as more the us/westukrainian _ nationalist side are pushing for tough solutions ( more weapons and more soldiers ) , they are weaking the moderate_peaceful solutions pushed by germany-russia-france ( as well as proposed by henry kissinger ) . 
  then eastern march_to_kiev side gets the better argument . 
  excellent !, 
  putin is not lying , this time . 
  i 'm sure the us is supplying with arms through proxies . 
  i am a girl and i am not your pal . 
  the baltic states are understandably hysterical . 
  they are not the eu decision-makers . 
  nor is the eu a military entity . 
  that is nato . 
  the question , will the nato survive if baltic are deserted ? 
  this is very iffy , right now . 
  poland , on the other hand , is safe . 
  i am an american and there are simply too many polish-americans and we have all been drilled in school about the martyrdom of poland during/after wwii . 
  no president could stay in office is poland is touched . 
  really - she 's more worried about collecting overdue fees from greece than putin . 
  bund frau chancellor dr. angela `` i will collect on this invoice '' merkel . 
  very true - countless examples -- say in the summer and fall of 1941 . 
  not this time , though . 
  ` murica !, 
  yeah !, 
  we ai n't scared of those commies . 
  they wo n't be raising that red flag of theirs in texas , let me tell ya dat . 
  / sarcasm ( in case it gets lost in translation , 
  thank you for clarifying what nato is . 
   germany : but i 'm scared . 
  of not collecting greek debt payments . 
  no they were not . 
  read `` europe last summer '' - the germany general staff instigated that war with austrian connivance . 
  i see your point . 
  but the french revolution is beginning modern history . 
  it is the reason for the huge expansion of civil rights throughout the world . 
  russian revolution - failed experiment . 
  europe under the german imperial boot - yes , that would have been wonderful . 
   its going to be really interesting to see if germany has any intention to meet its nato commitments when putin decides to `` unite '' estonia with the `` russian economic union '' . 
  that wo n't be their call - nato is a us creature . 
  the us will decide if the alliance can survive deserting the baltics . 
  btw - adding the baltics to nato was stupid !, 
  nato should have stopped at poland . 
   here 's my question - ukraine has lots and lots of weapons , tanks , rpgs , mlrs , etc. 
  is it realistic to think that some super expensive american anti-tank missiles are going to completely turn the tide ? 
  are they really that good ? 
  because they had better be for it to be worth the risk and the escalation . 
  the answer is no . 
   galicia sovet has asked poland if they can join several times , getting out of ukraine is not just the dream of easterners, 
  i can well imagine . 
  total war requires motivated troops - the ukr does not have that . 
  my opinion -- partition . 
  this has to stop . 
  give ukr to russia as painlessly as possible , except soviet galicia that should be ... ahem ... forced on poland . 
  let putin absorb ukr - that 's a lot to swallow . 
  of course , belarus is next and they really should just accept it . 
  who really cares about `` white '' russians vs. the other kind . 
  the problem is the baltics - can nato survive deserting those . 
  this is when things get to the point the us becomes focused/interested in what is going on . 
  right now , the us is focused on isis , the middle east . 
  one of the big reasons the timing is so good for putin . 
  it was n't -- there was no `` meeting of the minds '' to use a phrase from contract law . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  nobody cares about them . 
  if they are not deserted , it will be to keep nato viable not because of them . 
  i do n't know how put this , the baltic states are not nice . 
  their history , which they have never owned up to , has many unsavory incidents . 
  the destruction of centuries old jewish communities , like riga , in a matter of weeks astonished even the nazis . 
  when it comes to defending them , all this will be sure to come up . 
  trust me on this - people familiar with the baltic states in the us ( not many ) are already discussing it . 
  not familiar - but yeah , afghanistan comes to mind , too . 
  sounds good -- is that part of the country economically viable ? 
  israel has a highly motivated , extremely well-educated population with wealthy co-religionists looking out for its interests in the us . 
  soviet galicia - not so much .
