  one a side note : i imagine general flynn is driving around with a line of little black cars following him -- one from each country keeping tabs on this situation . / s, 
  i think ( do n't know for sure ) , fbi independence has been in place since hoover days . 
  but , it seems to have been codified into law or regs sometime later . 
  does anyone know more about this ? 
  did n't deep throat end up being a top fbi guy ? 
  he ca n't fire the fbi director . 
  thanks !, 
  for a rich man like alan colmes , 66 is rather young to die . 
  probably stress . 
  pruit did n't know enough to complete them himself . 
  what a tool . 
  providing sanctuary by religious groups is an expected response . 
  traditionally , catholics provided the right of sanctuary in their churches to persons persecuted by secular authorities . 
  the right to sanctuary goes back to medieval times when the church had power over secular authorities . 
  of , course , that 's not the case now , but the tradition continues in some lesser form . 
   re they seriously just sitting back clapping and cheering every time he makes an executive order against human interests just because he 's not obama ? 
  yes . 
  party discipline is contributing factor . 
  most tea party representatives harnessed racism to get into office . 
  moreover , they were recruited and financed by right-wing politicians . 
  without those two `` advantages , '' many would be vulnerable in 2018 . 
  mac , i understand you do n't trust us press sources . 
  maybe russian sources are better . 
  recently the moscow times reported that most russians assume that trump is putin 's puppet . 
  this report would not clear their censorship if the kremlin did not want it to . 
  having ties with his international business is against the emoluments clause of the constitution . 
  not a new statute , been there since 1789 . 
  receiving international payments for his business is against this . 
  presidents put their assets in a blind trust to avoid conflicts of interest . 
  another thing : as president , he has advanced information on important economic indicators , statistics that move the stock market . 
  are you saying he free to act on this information ? 
  it 's only business . 
  hungary ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the gracchi were active , populist reformers who died at the hands of the privileged . 
  trump does not even compare with these sacred heroes of the roman republic . 
  trump is not going to be assassinated and , even less likely , by the demographic you mention . 
   the emoluments clause can be waived by congress, 
  what a surprise . 
  i assume you mean the ark as an artifact . 
  in that case , it wo n't be worth much , accounting for trafficking in antiquities laws . 
  essentially , the country that finds it on its territory owns the ark. 
  if you think the ark finds its way to the black market , then both the jews and muslims have the most interest , and both have deep pockets . 
  the christians are less interested because they believe christ represented a new covenant , replacing the old ( ark ) one . 
  neither the jews nor muslims accept this . 
  laundering money for russian oligarchs is getting much attention right now . 
  are you a north carolinian ? 
  please tell us more about mr. burr . 
  deflecting . 
   `` i think there are some very conservative republicans in the house who are going to say , ` just get rid of the whole thing ' ... and that 's not acceptable when you have 20 million people or 700,000 people in my state because where do the mentally ill go ? 
  where do the drug addicted go ? '', 
  to jail , obviously . 
  or , maybe , the streets . 
  or maybe die off . 
  ayn rand 's philosophy : ca n't take care of yourself , die off . 
  did i mention she died on government assistance ? 
  ran up huge bills on medicare for cancer . 
  legally , it is an alleged conspiracy . 
  trump 's relationship with russia could represent a conspiracy by various non-state actors to collude with another state to interfere in us elections and us foreign policy . 
  most likely for financial benefit to the non-state actors involved . 
  maybe the democrats are looking at conspiracy theories because there seem to be real conspiracies occurring . 
  not all conspiracies involved aliens at roswell , the royal family killing diana or `` everyone '' conspiring to kill jfk . 
  pretty sure , trump would his name in gold somewhere . 
  it 's my fault . 
  i agreed with your comment . 
  it did n't come that way . 
  i have the first 48 on a&e even though the guide says bates motel . 
  in ft. lauderdale . 
  yep , he 's just playing to his audience , knowing what they 'd be afraid of . 
  plus , he 's linking the opposition with satan . 
  looks like he 's just doing damage control after nunes said no investigation necessary ( like the tool he is ) and adam schiff called him on it last night . 
  just lip service , because nunes ca n't even manage to deflect questions with looking ridiculous . 
  looks like ryan will be following nunes with a mop for a while . 
  maybe , it 's the other way around ; the white house is planting these articles in tabloids . 
  trump is buds with the national enquirer owner which recently blared headlines regarding obama 's secret plan to impeach trump . 
  the new york post is also extremely friendly , murdoch paper . 
  check out `` pravda at checkout line . '', 
  me , too . 
  i was itching . 
  but , w/out them pain after serious dental surgery is unbearable . 
  will not take again . 
  scratch -- right . 
  it was horrible , wake up in the middle of the night itching all over . 
  ughh !!, 
  i hate that . 
  i hate that americans are mercenaries for the eu and rest of the neo-liberal establishment . 
  but , we are idiots if we keep doing it for free . 
  i do n't have a solid answer . 
  yep , if we could only predict outcomes ... 
  cause i 've got buds in the military-industrial complex . 
  not the big ones , but smaller , outcast firms that never a chance or have fallen out of favor . 
  like blackwater . 
  they deserve their chance . 
  yeah ... all generalities , no details . 
  inspiring language . 
  nice gift wrapping . 
  probably , putin was promised this and i do n't think vlad likes to be double-crossed . 
  he saying/alluding that he wo n't do this . 
  what he actually does remains to be seen . 
  yes , that is why i am so conflicted .
