  during the clinton admin , the security apparatus was shifted to this endeavor . 
  this carried over into gwb 's administration . 
  even though gwb got warnings about 9/11 , he ignored them . 
  so did condi . 
  it just was n't on their radar screen - they did n't respond at all . 
  i am so sorry - this is terrible ; everyone with a non-violent drug offense should be given a pardon . 
  try to pass that through the state legislature - not !, 
  yes -- the life of the city ; i know it was an important business center , but was it also the place where style was set , what was the intellectual life like , the architecture of the city . 
  i read where their parties and humor was very sophisticated . 
  what made it special ? 
  and to think i loved liz 's hair and makeup . 
  her wardrobe was strictly early 1960s with a few egyptian symbols embroidered on it . 
   drawing on a long tradition of `` egyptianizing '' cleopatra to increase her exotic and dangerous sexiness, 
  so true , the real cleopatra was much closer to elizabeth i than to elizabeth taylor in terms of sexual relations . 
  they were part of cleopatra 's foreign policy . 
  recovering cleopatra is hard because almost everything we know come from roman sources . 
  currently reading * cleopatra * by stacy schiff . 
  i was surprised how little is known of her appearance , her clothes and general adornment . 
  other than it was described by the romans as extravagant . 
  this is what made me wonder what alexandria was like . 
  both companies do business in china , but i am not part of it and can not comment . 
  huh ? 
  i would avenge myself on someone who hurt me very much . 
  working -- i.e. 
  writing something no one will read . 
  of course , need to keep those customers coming in and get a lecture about not flossing . 
  a movie , not a documentary , about people stuck in in the us justice system . 
  whether a person with some traffic tickets they ca n't pay off , or a non-violent offender who ca n't find a job and reintegrate into society . 
  but , it would be such a downer . 
  both need a deux de machina hollywood ending . 
  nothing ... 
  i would be not want to mess anything up . 
  say and mean `` i love you . '', 
  puppies, 
  no surprise there . 
  i worked for a small company back in the 90s and they acquired a subsidiary in moscow . 
  the vp of development went there and during his visit a power outage occurred . 
  to fix the problem , the electric company repairman demanded a bribe . 
  the vp refused to pay it . 
  ( it was less than $ 20 ), 
  no power , everything ground to a halt . 
  then he paid out of his own pocket . 
  lol, 
  start showing an interest in other guys - usually does the trick , 
  or was that just a way for him to leave without suspicion in order for him to meet this unknown man ? 
  that 's what i thought , too . 
  note how the father did n't seem to believe and sent him to school instead . 
  after the boy left school , he seemed to be waiting for someone . 
   psychopaths can be very charming and convincing for adults ... the poor kid probably had been talking to the unknown man for awhile, 
  ita - he had an appointment with the man , the waiting was probably a mix up due to going to school , getting out , murdered getting his courage up . 
  yes , it is chilling . 
  the killer left body there to scare the other children . 
  the location of the body is an important part of the story . 
  i mentioned above - the body was left in the tunnel partly to scare the children that used it . 
  this is how jack the ripper silenced his victims . 
  i think i 'd get their attention . 
  my user name is from a spanish poem by machado - it means desolate lands . 
  so i would whisper the full stanza , which roughly translated goes like this, 
  in the shadows of my soul , there are no doubts . 
  the flower symbolic of my unique passion [ for you ] only grows in far off desolate lands , it is white , grows free form and wild --, 
  lawyers , guns and money, 
  no , it 's too easy to abuse - the people you hire to torture are probably sadists and psychos . 
  the way the question is phrased implies a policy , not a single ticking bomb incident . 
  before you know it , you 'll have mengele on the payroll . 
  it 's better to build intelligence networks and ... how to say this ... ** not get involved in everyone 's lives and keep the enemies list as short as possible . 
  it glamorizes something that can be quite creepy . 
  this japanese secret will shock you and change your life . 
  child abuse - definitely . 
  date of birth , even his age , then go on those people search sites . 
  you might have to pay about $ 20 . 
  tone of voice - watch for catches , pauses and other things that seem like they are thinking . 
  when you see one , ask casually for more information - if they start poring detail , act anxious , etc. 
  then maybe they are lying . 
  meee-owww !, 
  completely true - and the subsequent border would be difficult to defend . 
  this is so true , fighting retreat , getting equipment out , destroying rail lines and other transportation infrastructure . 
  instead , it looks like they negligently left their men to die there . 
  me , too . 
  i ca n't believe the waste . 
  and there is still a deep salient of ukr territory in that area . 
   we stabilized them , applied tourniquets , gave them pain killers and tried to put them in a place with better cover , '' he said of the wounded . 
  later , a ukrainian unit from outside the encirclement drove in to try to retrieve the wounded , he said . 
  sorry , i think this is just face-saving . 
   what was poroshenko thinking in the last week ? 
  what was the higher command thinking in the past few days ? 
  i wonder , too . 
  maybe after the un meeting , he finally realized that no one was going to save his troops and/or , if there was a massacre , he and his bad decisions would be blamed , not the russians . 
  i think that is a given - after the press articles in recent days , especially in germany , discussing how bad the ukr govt and army were , i was sure of it . 
  that is how you prepare the population . 
  or shameless liars . 
  yeah - the wounded were left behind . 
  i think poland is fine for now -- too close to germany ; who will change their stance in a heartbeat . 
  belarus should worry though . 
  no kidding !, 
  the memorandum of understanding ukr signed - not even a treaty -- for all its nukes , will stand with the munich agreement as a statement of cowardice and all-over cluelessness . 
  wonder how many palms were greased to get ukr to sign - were they craven or stupid ? 
  the other co-signers stabbed in ukr in the back , too . 
  it could be like a ... 
  i dunno ... a russian monroe doctrine . 
  technically no ; but morally yes .
