  or , the guy who raped her . 
  with all the pollution and both husband and wife in middle-age , they are both `` challenged '' when it comes to reproducing . 
  i just noticed that nails wears a dark shirt and tie . 
  i do n't have photoshop , can you lighten this image so we can see the shirt and tie . 
  i lightened it enough so you can see the lapel . 
  [ birdman lightened ] ( http://motanube.imgur.com/all/?third_party=1 ), 
  i sent you a new one via pm and here --, 
  if someone else can help , that would be great . 
  me , too . 
  i think it may be the same actor . 
  that 's nails -- a redditor mentioned him on a thread . 
  i completely agree . 
  and , with homophobia as well - who happens to find himself in gay situations constantly . 
  i thought so , too . 
  no , he ca n't get it up until he regains his rightful place among gangsters . 
   was the mayor 's wife sucking nitrous ? 
  that 's what i thought, 
  when ? 
  i thought it looked like an animal mask , too . 
  maybe a pig - there appears to be a snout . 
  or , perhaps the mountain lion ( ? ), 
  beige mask from the hollywood house . 
  thank 's, 
  because the cops already knew about the tax incentives , so they knew there was a link . 
  upon realizing where the questions were leading , he claimed alcoholic `` amnesia . '', 
  agreed , from the speed he was running , he seemed like a young person . 
  me , too . 
  good hunch . 
  glad the viewers are increasing their vocabulary . 
  did you notice he had rifle in the basement scene ? 
  i thought it was the same or similar to what birdman used . 
  it 's part of the plan . 
  i interpreted frank as giving her a suspicious look - maybe he 's paranoid about everyone now . 
  he was talking about himself - it 's too big for him to walk away from . 
  thought the same thing - kinda noveau riche, 
  well , i used to think it was frank 's assistant nails . 
  now , i do n't know . 
   i would say that frank believe that using violence in and of itself also means that he is out of control . 
  that he has to resort to fist fights with the likes of santo , shows how diminished he is . 
  time for development and execution . 
  plus , ownership . 
  1 - np knew louisiana far better than he knows la , so he had to learn a lot and his sources of inspirations are more obvious - david lynch , the big nowhere , etc. 
  who really remembered the yellow king and carcosa ? 
  2 - np had a lot of time to polish season 1 's writing , not so much for season 2 . 
  some of the dialogue feels like a first draft ; where the is using their own voice to explain what 's going , not the specific character 's . 
  ( especially in vince - a hard character to write , as conceived . ), 
  not mention the exposition dialogue . 
  3 - lack of rehearsal time . 
  not only helps the actors but helps with dialogue that is n't working . 
  4 - cary fukunaga obviously provided a lot to the finished product . 
  the framing of the shots , the acting direction , etc. 
  with multiple directors of varying quality that is lost . 
  also , the missing humor . 
  much of that was improvised by woody h. well , a director had to allow that - which probably pissed np off because they were tinkering with his writing . 
  5 - another factor is how territorial np is . 
  there 's no one - not a powerful director , nor two powerful stars to reign in his excesses . 
  so while some ideas maybe good - there 's no one to say - `` hey , let 's not do that , '' for the bad ones . 
  ediyt : added reference to yellow king , grammar , spelling . 
  he should n't be insisting on writing every single episode . 
  some good ideas here . 
  awesome . 
  i read the * big nowhere * a long time ago and i agree it heavily influenced td . 
  the thing is -- the paul character makes sense in a story set in the 1950s . 
  but , now in the 2010s -- paul would have long ago have joined an all-male choir , hooked up with a sugar daddy , set up a business in interior design and campaigned for gay marriage . 
  i was in la in the 1990s and back then `` it was cool to be bi . '', 
  there is no way the paul character is contemporary . 
  it 's even implied he grew up in la. 
  unless , he 's fashionably retro -- he just does n't make sense for time period and setting . 
  it 's most definitely derivative of ellroy and david lynch . 
  it make sense , because the mask implies he knows velcoro would recognize him . 
  i 'm still in the nails camp - but can see your point . 
   there is a lot of over explaining characters and why they are tormented . 
  there is a lot of over explaining how tormented everyone is ( that `` this is the worst life '' at the bar , jesus christ ) . 
  i know - so much exposition . 
   one of my favorite scenes of s1 is when rust hallucinates while watching a flock of birds just as they are about to uncover a key piece of evidence in their case, 
  this season is just very derivative and , frankly , the shots are just not that great . 
   if i see one more swooping shot of an la freeway interchange , i might just lose it . 
  i actually thought there were so many freeway views in eps . 
  1 & 2 because they were filler . 
  the other establishing shots may not have worked - they could have shown the mountains and canyons . 
  or , say , starting in santa monica , move east showing how the city deteriorates from the fancy west side until we reach vernon . 
  or some scenes were cut because they were that cringe-worthy . 
  it 's like * twilight zone * --, 
  * some elements continue throughout all the episodes , but they try to make each different . 
  * the episodes were of varying quality - some classics like the burgess meredith library one , other imitations of previous episodes or just clich\u00e9 stuff that did n't work : imo the telly savalas doll episode . 
  completely agree - there are more gyms in la than rural louisiana . 
  i 'll look harder for them . 
  i had to look it up - it was n't obvious to me . 
  i loved it when i found it . 
  but david lynch ? 
  james ellroy ? 
  that 's way too recent , plus the inspiration is too close . 
  agreed - this is a very good point --, 
  frank could have been the ferocious , bloodthirsty gangster once challenged , completely out of control , starting a gang war ; ani , a selfish careerist and paul a completely out of his depth , needs constant help type , i.e. 
  someone weighing the team down . 
  major comic relief -- of course , he has the eureka breakthrough moment . 
  just following on your suggestion . 
   people tend to want to correct their last `` mistake '' ... and the criticism of the way s1 ended had to be a driving force to make sure that was n't the case ( no pun intended ) again in s2 . 
  very true . 
   all 4 characters are rust cohle , there 's no marty to balance them out,
