   ban saudi-backed wahhabism . 
  that 's the key , stop funding the saudis . 
  as well they should . 
  do n't be too hard on yourself . 
  think of how many parents have raised children before you and they did not feel responsible for 90 % of their choices . 
  no ... not dr. suess !, 
  i am going to need some space ... after hearing about this . 
  ducks rape ... get over it . 
  it 's nature or something . 
  i 'm trying to stay at 1200 kcal -- and it 's hard . 
  not me !, 
  i was conceived under doctor supervised care in my mother 's home . 
  yep ... no funny business going on -- it was all very clinical . 
  this is so true . 
  the only cure is drugs - anti-depressants . 
  ( i.e. 
  you ca n't do anything if you see the world as it really is . ), 
  and ... this is a surprise ? 
  totally true !, 
  man this is so true -- sometimes i ca n't tell if my sister is lying or misremembering . 
  do n't look at me -- the saudis have bought off many politicians here - including the entire bush and clinton families . 
  nothing i can do to stop , except not voting for hillary . 
  did n't 5 have hardhome ? 
  very true about the last three episodes . 
  i think it 's because they see each season as a story ; the first episodes set up the later ones . 
  still ... did we need so many arya scenes to get the payoff of her cutting walder 's throat ? 
  completely agree about brienne . 
  i do n't understand why she is still around . 
  she and jamie `` on the road '' was great !, 
  but since then , her character has been `` deployed '' on a variety of not-very-interesting tasks . 
  i think d&d do n't know what to do with her , but the actress/character is a fan favorite . 
  i do not understand why gilly and her baby have not died . 
  others more worthy have fallen . 
  all she needed to do was take sam 's virginity and fall down a set of stairs . 
  ( and , do n't call melisandre ! ), 
  this is what he was referring to ; he just does n't speak like normal politicians so his words get him in trouble . 
  just wo n't happen . 
  the rnc will not support him ; he wo n't have a ground game nor monitors at the polls . 
  do n't worry about this . 
  we know her very well , especially in south florida . 
  broward county voted approximately 80 % in favor of hillary and finished counting votes around 9 pm . 
  in this county , during the last 3 of 4 presidential elections , additional voting hours were allocated and wait lines were over 3 hours long . 
  moreover , the county did n't finish counting its votes until 2 weeks after the day of the election . 
  it 's all about unity , i tell you . 
  no , she is being `` taken care of . '', 
  this way she wo n't be tempted to write a tell-all book . 
  because she would n't go quietly . 
  sending my best . 
  germany * starting * two world wars , fought on two fronts , destroyed german culture . 
   they did n't start the first nor were they evil or bad by any measure during the first world war ,, 
  read `` europe 's last summer . '', 
  yes , they did . 
  and , their treatment of occupied belgium was seen by the rest of the world as evil . 
  the blank cheque was irresponsible . 
  cleopatra was of greek descent . 
  she was white , with brown hair . 
  liz was darker than cleopatra and wore egyptian makeup , which cleopatra most probably did not wear . 
  could this be ageism ? 
  i guess my comment struck a chord . 
  i do not know what happened and the author is a hack or , worse , a has-been . 
  however , if his recollection was correct , and the agent was dismissive from word go , then it is not hard to see what * may * have happened . 
  she saw an older man at a mass pitch meeting and assumed he had nothing to offer . 
  after all , should n't he already have an agent ? 
  the fact that she recommended a genre that was he too old to know anything about may be the tell . 
  star trek the original series . 
  compare `` city on the edge of forever '' to `` spock 's brain . '', 
  thanks !, 
  not at all , they expect a quid pro quo . 
  and , what about the injured from 9/11 and the disabled that do n't make a good photo-op . 
  sadly , this is true . 
  when i was working for a big 4 firm , i was surprised at the anti-semitism , bordering on holocaust denial spoken in private . 
  and , this in a firm dominated by jewish partners in accounting and tax . 
  this person worked in consulting . 
  authoritarianism is linked to fascism . 
  unfortunately , also linked to success in business . 
  yeah ... one the hints you are speaking to a holocaust denier is that the camps were too small to process ( i.e. 
  murder ) so many people . 
  i usually tell them the 6 million jewish dead figures comes from the ss itself , that naturally recorded , classified and cross-tabulated everything . 
  hurt a dog , a child , a cat or any defenseless creature . 
  have an upvote for reminding me of this poem . 
  the purist by ogden nash, 
  i give you now professor twist ,, 
  a conscientious scientist ,, 
  trustees exclaimed , `` he never bungles ! '', 
  and sent him off to distant jungles . 
  camped on a tropic riverside ,, 
  one day he missed his loving bride . 
  she had , the guide informed him later ,, 
  been eaten by an alligator . 
  professor twist could not but smile . 
  `` you mean , '' he said , `` a crocodile . '', 
  `` no never regret something you did n't say . '', 
  in an interpernal context , no in terms of speaking out against injustice . 
  thing is that her visions fail her when she does n't have first-hand knowledge of the participants in question . 
  thus , she saw renly at the battle of blackwater , but it was loras wearing renly 's armor ( which she had seen ) . 
  similarly , in the books she announces that arya is headed to castle black , not realizing it 's fake-arya who just escaped from ramsey . 
  i feel that varys or littlefinger were helping her out , her visions would be more accurate . 
  agree with yara , euron , and melisandre . 
  i would add theon , as well . 
  i think theon will die , characters like that get redemption and then pass on .
