  idk - i think it was posturing among themselves ; they were probably threatened by our sudden flowering ( we were all the same age ) . 
  what is strange is that our mothers then told us what our dads had said -- * i think to reassure us *, 
  fwiw - my dad made the bold statement that he would get out of jail or flee to spain or latin american but the rapist would never get out of the grave . 
  weird - self-defense and stranger awareness would have been better , but then i was watched by nuns , priests , and one hyper-vigilant grandmother . 
  no danger ever came even close to me . 
   what kind of detective is he ? 
  he holstered his gun before checking all the rooms . 
  does that answer your question ? 
  because i assume from op 's description they are subjected to a form of workplace bullying . 
  an intentional wearing away of the employee 's performance and inter-personal relations with their peers . 
  this is always done intentionally . 
  i stated the first step was to get an honest appraisal of the work . 
  my hunch is that it started well-enough but degraded overtime . 
  at this point , op needs to avoid emotional goading and encouraging these sessions - which usually result in arguments that their superior can then report anyway they want . 
  so , to keep these arguments from happening , i suggested just taking notes and limiting themselves to at most two questions . 
  this will allow op to leave the room asap and avoid further deterioration . 
  if the work is really bad , then op needs to take stock . 
  regardless , they should not be subjected to this treatment and what i outlined keeps it a minimum . 
  yeah ... even cisco kid was there - but , cleaned up in a regular suit . 
  shatner , guest starring in mission-impossible , says this to the actress who played one of kirk 's babe-of-week from star trek . 
  so even this is probably an old trope . 
  at least frank and paul stared at each other at that night club - another old trope . 
  do nicopizza think anything original ? 
  for the motherland - even the nazis began to think soviet soldiers were superhuman -- go forth internet war god . 
  rage against the machine - but be careful , too !, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  seriously , ca n't someone contact these bureaucrats and figure out what their problem is . 
  really , if the mushroom thing is true , then it 's just so stupid on all sides . 
  me , too . 
  the russkies is like yankee . 
  not like jap , ch ** k , sp!c or the n word . 
  although i do n't like phrases yanks use like `` crazy cuban '' so if it insults you , let us know . 
  btw , russkies is used in phrases like - `` lem me tellya , those russkies killed n awful lot f krauts , than da lord . '', 
  or , `` so how 's that new russkie boyfriend of yours - your new russian lover ? 
  ( from an ex-boyfriend ) . 
  i have never heard it as term of contempt here in the us . 
  to our chinese brother and sisters , please accept my condolences and let us know if we can help . 
  as a roman catholic , my prayers ( fwiw ) and thoughts are with you . 
  they are admitting to losing contact with 36 , make of that what you think . 
  funny -- but not the best time for jokes . 
  i saw re-runs of the orginal -- had a crush on the first illiya . 
  yeah , i thought so , too . 
  let 's say they start dumping us treasuries to fund their `` containment '' efforts ( there 's too containment going on to keep track of which ) . 
  would n't that make it harder for the us to sell t-bills to fund its structural debt ? 
  think of it this way -- the us has a deficit which it covers by issuing debt . 
  the debt is purchased by the chinese and put away in vault . 
  it does n't affect the market because it 's in mattress , so to speak . 
  if they start sell their us-debt , then it will enter the market and compete with our debt . 
  see ? 
  good for the lion -- payback . 
  it appears that ( the charleston shooting ) was his tipping point , obviously a angry man waiting for a reason to go postal . 
  the reaction to it probably legitimized his behavior in his mind . 
  i know -- that 's so sad . 
  also - the police kill black men over nothing in this country ; yet they did everything to keep this one alive !, 
  i mean , if there was ever a reason to say - call the ambulance , tell them to drive slow , it 's this one . 
  no , but sacrifices must be made to keep our gun culture alive and well . 
  we need to arm reporters and create a camera/machine gun contraption . 
  i know a great deal about hitler , having read multiple biographies . 
  i can give two opinions -, 
  - he is forever unknowable . 
  he could read people extremely well and was able to lie and tailor his presentation to what they wanted people to hear . 
  thus , accounts of him are unreliable , different people saw different hitlers . 
  moreover , he was secretive and would keep his life strictly compartmentalized . 
  for example , the kindly , courtly boss his secretaries and adjutants saw ( he would tell them not to worry about mistakes , because he made more than they did ) was not the same man his military commanders experienced ( at whom he shrieked commands and showered contempt ) . 
  - he was very intelligent , mostly self-taught . 
  so he tended to overrule specialists ( logistics , e.g. ), 
  that he was not familiar with . 
  many mistakes originated there . 
  also , wise is such a subjective term that before answering was hitler was , you need to define wise . 
  camps ? 
  are you using the word lager ? 
  especially when the irish emigrate easily - so many irish-americans , one of them even became president . 
  put yourself in their situation . 
  i have been - i came the us as a refugee from cuba . 
  if the us had not accepted us , my father would have been killed . 
  some cuban refugees were spies , but the fbi kept a lookout for them as best they could . 
  as a former 3 year old refugee from cuba , now a us citizen . 
  you should be proud of your nation 's efforts . 
  i got a 404 message in german from that link !, 
  `` address unknown ? '', 
  i think you know what i mean . 
  take a page from us political correctness - call it `` temporary housing . '', 
  i would , if i was german . 
   that does n't mean we will change our language because of your ignorance . 
  my ignorance , and i know a few german words . 
  in english , for example translations of primo levi , the word is left in german as lager . 
  it is not translated into camps , the point being that a lager was a different place . 
  you may want to come up with another word , just a suggestion . 
  he 's not - the character sebastian was gay . 
  read primo levi --, 
  i read the english translation -- the word lager was left untranslated . 
  i believe the original italian also had the word untranslated . 
  my dog would say -- `` he does n't love you ; let 's go out and play '', 
  yeah a saudi redditor reported this yesterday . 
  syrians come in on visitor 's visas and get full benefits until the situation in their country ( syria ) changes . 
  the kingdom of saudi arabia has forbidden the adoption of syrian children by saudis and to get a visitor 's visa you must have syrian relative with a work visa . 
  they are n't reported as refugees because they are technically visitors . 
  if true , we can reconsider ksa 's membership in the league of assholes ( ksa , kuwait , oman , qatar , bahrain , etc. ), 
  he was cute - an young al pacino quality . 
  oh wait - i 'm thinking the character michael corleone - never mind .
