  do n't respond to emotional goading , you 'd be surprised by how much staging goes on meetings , office politics , etc. 
  do not defend yourself when attacked - take out a notebook and write down what the person is saying . 
  after they finish , thank them for their time and tell them you will respond via email . 
  do not fall for inquiries as to whether you have questions , need clarification , whatever . 
  they know your weakness and are trying to provoke you . 
  i can not stress enough -- do not defend yourself right there ; especially at meeting . 
  write everything down and say `` i 'll get back to you . '', 
  they are trying to make you cry . 
  to make you look unstable . 
  that 's why i wonder if the epa samples are fake and the land is really contaminated . 
  that way they can just a little clean up and suddenly `` everything is all right . '', 
  if the watch does n't match - then maybe it was n't stolen from the house . 
  maybe caspere was wearing his watch and it 's still missing . 
  they got a facsimile to the pawn shop through the hooker and somehow got amarillo 's fingerprints on it . 
  paul 's too distracted at the pawn shop , given what he went through that morning - he did n't take out a magnifying glass to look at the writing on the dial . 
  frank and mrs frank are in their own show . 
  i think it 's intentional - not sure it 's working . 
  agree about the set photographer and assistant . 
  but , they are low-level operators to a bigger conspiracy . 
  you may be right -- but , whenever this view comes up , i remember two things, 
  1 - if anyone is smart and determined enough to produce the right bioweapon - one that could annihilate your enemies ' population , while ** leaving your own people disease-free ** it is the israelis . 
  yet , they have never produced even a bad cold to afflict their arab neighbors . 
  especially notable because they have small population packed into a small space , one that could be easily vaccinated . 
  2 -- the ussr spent billions and decades on this issue . 
  such a doomsday weapon could have changed the outcome of the cold war . 
  yet they have n't even found a poison that leaves no trace to sophisticated coroners and pathologists . 
  i do n't think we are there yet . 
  i doubt it -- look at the expression on her face . 
  okay - he 's from my generation and i can tell you he was so cool in 1976, 
  i do n't if it 's cool , but it reminds of all those depression era b/w photos . 
  the sultry/in-love look she 's giving him ... 
  clara bow was charisma itself on film - very much an `` it '' girl . 
  when it meant sexy ( as she has * it * ) rather than the most popular , well-dressed fashionista . 
  so handsome -- wow !, 
  not liz , please down vote . 
   the researchers also bestowed names on the newly identified regions . 
  the plain is sputnik planum , after the soviet satellite that began human exploration of space , and the mountains are norgay montes , after tenzing norgay , the nepalese sherpa who first ascended mount everest with edmund hillary . 
   stern said that the data also showed a huge concentration of carbon monoxide within the heart-shaped region , named tombaugh regio after pluto 's discoverer clyde tombaugh . 
  hey they named the big plain sputnik planum -- cool , very star trek . 
  i have been following the ukr crisis since the beginning . 
  i do n't believe anything the ukr government or its media say . 
  imo , they will say anything to increase the amount of aid they get from the west . 
  this was my sad conclusion after many months of observing . 
  yes , the russian media is one-sided and state-controlled . 
  western media is also manipulated - the difference is that western media is more sophisticated at manufacturing consent ; russian media is clumsy and obvious by comparison . 
  i visited moscow in a non-tourist capacity - was there for a month . 
  i am a girl so i talked to the women in the office . 
  two things stood out --, 
  1 - russian women are spectacularly beautiful , even the women in the office going about their work day . 
  russian men - not so much ; do n't understand how the genetic mix works . 
  2 - russians women prefer russian men . 
  for some weird reason , given their beauty they can get anyone . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  in clubs , etc , you 'll be meeting girls who want to meant foreigners - in this case , ability to pay is key . 
  flash that amex around , buy drinks , etc. 
  if you see a russian girl who appears interested in you -- talk to her about herself , russia and russian culture . 
  brush up on russian art before you go so you can talk about it . 
  this will really impress them . 
  about politics - say you have no opinion , but that you recognize their sacrifices during wwii - brush up on that , too . 
  with a little luck , you 'll get the girl of your dreams !, 
   scandinavian men are top tier, 
  yes , they are super good looking and do n't have the machismo that plagues some others . 
  british and american men are good looking and nicer than their retrograde brothers in latin countries . 
  youth was n't wasted on him . 
  back in the ussr - eh ? 
  mob ? 
  i am not disagreeing with you -- i am just saying that the news we have is very one-sided in the west , but it 's sophisticated . 
  the russians have their propaganda to deal with . 
  regarding mh17 -- yes , the russians or their proxies shot it down . 
  do you expect them to admit it ? 
  they are n't fools . 
  if they had been more sophisticated , they would have said that mh17 was flying over a war zone , that holland had issued a warning that very day , that malaysian airlines knew about it and chose this route because it saved fuel . 
  they might have anticipated this possibility by saying anyone flying over this area did so at their own risk . 
  see what i mean - same outcome , blame the incompetence of malaysian airlines and wonder how anyone could put their passengers in danger just to save a few bucks on fuel . 
  thank you so much -- i love the beautiful colors , especially the national costumes . 
  i think they are being patriotic . 
  but , you have a point . 
  they are probably aware of each other . 
  think of the penn state scandal - they were ties between penn state trustees and some prep school for scholarship boys . 
  and , there was some connection - not well defined - to an individual pedophile in philly . 
  so , yes , they are aware of each other due to linked associations among the members . 
  obviously poor errol did n't have these associations - he was just the muscle and went off the reservation with his public displays . 
  bet they were glad to get rid of him and move carcosa elsewhere . 
  i imagine it went like this -, 
  cult member # 1 : we have to leave carcosa , they are going find out about errol with the way he 's acting . 
  cm # 2 : but he did such a great job decorating it in a super-spooky manner , matches our costumes . 
  cm # 3 : i know , but we have to go , the guy is just asking to get caught . 
  on the far right , is that paul ? 
  i liked this article . 
  [ ** ` like a lot of dreams , there is a monster at the end of it ' : naturalism , evil & the moral monster ** ] ( http://www.thecritique.com/articles/like-a-lot-of-dreams-there-is-a-monster-at-the-end-of-it-naturalism-evil-the-moral-monster/ ), 
   this view of s01 re-frames many moments , but one of my favorite 's might be the first time we see rev. 
  theriot . 
  how marty 's defending christianity , but for all the wrong reasons . 
  cohle 's over simplification in order to fit his current perspective . 
  and then ... theriot , preaching only because he wanted to be closer to god . 
  in this sense , the rev. 
  becomes one of the more honorable characters in all of s01 . 
  so , true . 
   but proper styling and make-up helps the women quite a bit . 
  i agree and disagree .
