  want to bet the cameras ( if any ) were n't working ? 
  this is great --, 
  sex tourism ? 
  well -- think before communism ; there were quite a few orgs around - anarchists ( the real kind ) ; cossacks ( violent horseback riding terrorists ) , the tsarist secret police ( super violent ) the russian orthodox church - directly descended from the original churches in the middle east . 
  they would very against santa muerte , btw . 
  the kgb did n't even originate in 1917 with the soviet union . 
  i thought so , too . 
  love the old-fashioned names . 
  bruce willis aside , it was more common in the early to mid 20th century . 
  a couple of thoughts -, 
  - we are more familiar now with the real story behind tsom , e.g. 
  maria was pregnant with the baron 's baby when she had to leave the convent and marry . 
  - it 's an old style musical - not like cabaret , just 6 years later with its mtv editing and diegetic music . 
  people just burst out into song . 
  - the naturalistic setting works against it - even singing in the rain and american in paris had a fantasy look to them that made the music more acceptable . 
  - the romance between maria and the baron just happens out of nowhere . 
  it feels like he married her because of the children . 
  there is not a comparison because casablanca has some of the best lines in all cinema . 
  the dialogue is snappy and witty and memorable . 
  ca n't remember a line from notorious , although i remember many visuals . 
  yes - and remember that twice velcoro was shown with santa muerte over his shoulder . 
  did n't ani 's father have totem pole of some sort - do n't know much about this stuff . 
  i guess the big nowhere is `` the nightmare of his choice . '', 
   i dunno , la has it 's own personality and vibe , but maybe it 's simply not that atmospheric a city . 
  it 's the big nowhere - there 's no there there . 
  thanks for bringing this up . 
  i was confused by the statement . 
  i * think * it refers to the need to play two conflicting roles to protect vinci . 
   her knife is like an occupational strap on, 
  penis envy ? 
  whether you are using linear or jungle correctly for narrative analysis ( i myself do n't know the criticism definitions ) , i believe you make a good point . 
  yeah -- it was an old 80 's type caddy, 
  i thought of that ; she overheard ray say `` this is in hollywood . '', 
  if she knew about the house , then the location would be all she needed to know , to infer frank had found the other location . 
  also , she tried to talk ray out from continuing this case , take a vacation , etc. 
  in e01 , she had shown compassion for him when he was passed out . 
  so , it would make sense , she would just give him a warning shot . 
  but she does n't know that ray is going to the hollywood house ; are you thinking she 's just watching all the time ? 
  marry me . 
   not sure if the russian is connected to this or if casper is the lone link between the land deal and the human trafficking . 
  there 's a lot of human trafficking out of the old soviet states . 
  could you explain the difference between neo-noir and traditional noir ? 
  i mean other than neo being in color . 
  could someone point him out in the pic , because i did n't see anything dead center . 
  i thought it looked like the blonde from the next episode 's previews . 
  the rust belt -- showing all the deterioration and empty factories , etc. 
  sex and meth are the only businesses thriving in some medium smallish cities there . 
  florida - not miami again . 
  i 'd pick jacksonville - near st. augustine , daytona and cape canaveral ( do n't go to the moon anymore . ), 
  too much like louisiana - savannah . 
  i love dogs , 
  * it 's a way of saying finally , someone gets it on a thread *, 
  thanks --, 
  me , too . 
  i just do n't care what the audience thinks and i present what i want . 
  i 'm really relaxed , make jokes ( including sight gags ) , move around , sit on cadenzas with my feet outstretched , make faces , etc. 
  i 've be called a `` natural presenter . '', 
  dentures . 
   ossip mentioned that his organization has very old rules . 
  you are on to something , here . 
  this is the type of org i was thinking of , something pre-soviet and maybe pre-tsar . 
  in offices - fancy filing cabinets . 
  maybe her family is pressuring her ( indirectly/unconsciously ) . 
  lol !, 
  i see your point , i was talking witty dialogue so much as cultural impact . 
  * casablanca * still resonates ; * notorious * not so much . 
  we 'll always have ingrid bergman . 
  good stuff . 
  great stuff . 
  a bra called a `` bullet bra '', 
  [ sample of bra ] ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/bullet-bra-model-nancy-westbrook-vintage-1950s-lingerie-fashion-shoot-photo-/140927276728 ), 
  [ under a tight sweater ] ( https://img1.etsystatic.com/012/1/7919984/il_fullxfull.458402663_k8ii.jpg ), 
  no , women 's breasts were n't different then . 
  edit : in terms of nudes , women were much heavier in the 50s than today . 
  and those boobs on playboy come partly from extra weight , why they hang down more --, 
  basically ,, 
  * 1 - the women were taller than average ( think sophia loren ) ; they were heavier ( monroe would be a size 12-16 today ) ; so the boobs were heavier and the rest of the weight would be distributed over a larger frame . 
  * 2 - before photoshop there was a lot of retouching/air brushing especially in the adult glossies like playboy . 
  the body would be slimed down - a waist would be curved in , the hips and thighs slenderized , any rolls or cellulite smoothed out ; and breasts made larger . 
  * 3 - it 's easier to make breast larger by adding to the bottom , note how many of the shots have the breast peeking under the woman arm . 
  that 's just an easy add during retouching . 
  here 's a good example of monroe 's real boobs -, 
  [ monroe ] ( http://www.polyvore.com/cgi/img-thing?.out=jpg&amp;size=l&amp;tid=23731307 ), 
  this is a very good point . 
  the symbolism is so clear - dead women . 
  yes , but maybe the russians found out they were being scammed , too , along with frank . 
  this would make them lose total confidence in frank and take of the problem on their own . 
  and , pocket frank 's $ 5 million while they are it . 
   but holstering your weapon upon seeing pooled blood at what appears to be a crime scene is just hard to comprehend . 
  especially with that open door to the right of the mask heads . 
   good catch , what about frank ? 
  i wonder if his money is his ` mask ' . 
  no , given that caspere was scamming him , i think that frank was coasting on his reputation . 
  good stuff !, 
   what if paul 's role was just to find something at a specific place , not knowing what it was till he got there ? 
  would explain why he turned off his lights ... maybe ? 
  i do n't think the paternity test has any value in a custody suit ; because if ray 's name is on the birth certificate and she signed , in the eyes of the law it 's his child . 
  it 's either poetic license or the wife wanting to humiliate ray . 
  the only way a paternity test would be of value is if the real father stepped forward and wanted contact with the child . 
  and , even then , i think ray as the father in the eyes of the law would have rights to prevent this .
