  yes -- today i did n't need so many lozenges . 
  i do n't know if i should share this -- but , it anonymous , so ... 
  when puberty it at 13 , i immediately grew breasts ( 32d ) , and expanded my hips - i actually felt them grow . 
  eventually , i had a great 36-22-36 figure , with d cup and nice convex above the ass . 
  i was also in ap classes -- disconnect . 
  in college none of the guys took me seriously - maybe because i was hispanic they thought i should act like the sofia vergara character in modern family or charo or someone from sabado gigante . 
  no - i am not stupid , i am not going to get angry and start talking spanish , i do not have an accent , and , yes , i will get higher calculus grades than you !, 
  are n't you afraid of crime ? 
  how do you avoid it ? 
  were did you start , was it one continuous journey or did you like take transportation from one general site to the rest . 
  what countries have you visited and why ? 
  awwww !, 
  president : i had no idea it is easier for a black guy to be elected president , than for a black president to govern . 
  senator : there are ways around , that . 
  president : well , i am giving it a try . 
  btw , you never intended to mess with national security apparatus . 
  senator : no way -- where did people get that idea . 
  i do n't believe churchill was the obvious choice to replace the ruling tories - chamberlain and the loathsome lord halifax - after the invasion of poland . 
  england did little to help the poles , other than providing an government in exile , allowing them to join the armed forces . 
  what prompted the change in pms was the fall of the norway and the subsequent invasion of france and the low countries . 
  and , even then , the elites preferred halifax 's approach of conciliation to churchill 's war spirit . 
  churchill became pm with the help of the labour party , in addition to disaffected tories . 
  ( halifax was a member of the house of lords but this impediment was minor compared to the damage appeasement had done to his reputation . ), 
  source : * in command of history : churchill fighting and writing the second world war . 
  * david reynolds, 
  even then , after france fell , halifax renewed his efforts for peace with hitler . 
  churchill believed that if halifax did n't get his way , he would resign from the war cabinet and his coalition government would fall . 
  he maneuvered around that by reaching out to the wider cabinet and , as part of the speech , stated - `` if this long island story of ours is to end at last , let it end only when each of us lies chocking in his own blood upon the ground . '', 
  source : * five days in london : may 1940 . 
  he won the argument and led britain to fight on . 
  halifax was eventually was sent to the us as ambassador . 
  in addition to the points already made , we should add that the nazis , the soviets , the americans and the british took an enormous number of pictures and shot miles of film of the event . 
  some of the film showing the liberation of dachau and bergen-belsen is just unbelievable - you can describe something , but to see it on film is a different thing . 
  all those emaciated corpses piled high in boxcars or being bulldozed into mass graves ... the emotional impact is intense . 
  let 's not forget the nazi mania for recordkeeping , so the bureaucratic , everyone-is-in-on-it , just processing paperwork aspect of the whole thing is very chilling as well as incriminating . 
  the other genocides do n't have documentation and images the holocaust has . 
  never mind the aesthetics of the matter - the evil looking nazi ss uniforms , the `` work shall make free '' slogan ironically over the gate of auschwitz , the process of selections , the entranceway paved with jewish headstones , the orchestras playing when the new inmates ( death factory raw material ) arrived . 
  evil as art is another topic , but it is one more reason why the holocaust is remembered . 
  source : explaining hitler : the search for the origins of his evil , ron rosenbaum . 
  could you please summarize why the german offensive failed ? 
  i read guns of august and because she does n't detail the marne i never understood why the german withdrew ( ? ), 
  in the marne . 
  i agree with this -- it does n't just spring into being , especially in the us where there are many legal hurdles . 
  they came up with fisa courts because they knew they could n't go to regular courts . 
  you are correct seancanada - using the blanket term evil is not only inaccurate but makes it easy to refute in argument . 
  evil conjures up jack the ripper and that is certainly not the global elite . 
  but greed - and the willingness to do anything for it -- well that the root problem , succinctly stated in the many examples you give . 
  olliberallawyer - i do n't 100 % agree with what you have wrote - for example the populations that support terror can be manipulated to do so , to the point that compromises to improve their situation are rejected by their leaders out of hand ( yasser arafat , i 'm looking at you . ), 
  however , your point is very well made . 
  that is so different - st. peter 's is a church , have some respect !, 
  ozi , unless you belong to this group , you do n't know how they really think . 
  their responsibility is not to create jobs but to maximize return to the shareholders of the company . 
  these transnational companies do not have the interests of even their local , let alone national , community in mind . 
  they hire pr firms to create a cloak of high-minded civic phrases to cover their profit-making activities . 
  they fund think tanks to create studies that provide a social justification for their profit-making activities . 
  they do not want us to understand them . 
  love the one with the bows - can really see the pug face , but all of them are wonderful ; definitely a pug personality !, 
  people who commit grammatical or spelling errors should be executed ... on the spot . 
  awesome scene , totally agree . 
  i loved lillian gish in silhouette with the rifle - goodness willing to battle evil . 
  on the opposite side , most openings to bond films , especially the roger moore era , are just a travelogue with chases . 
  give me the three blind mice in dr. no . 
  agree about taylor ... 
  i saw this one tv late one saturday afternoon and could n't take my eyes off jane 's childhood friend . 
  only later did i realize it was liz . 
  the camera could n't take its eyes off her --, 
   it was probably more of a thematic decision to highlight the spatial vastness of these sets because bertolucci wanted ( i guessed ) to satirize the hubris of fascism . 
  actually , no . 
  fascism used grand scale architecture * in real life , * the purpose of which was to make each individual feel small - the individual was subjugated to the state . 
  bertolucci highlighted this architectural tendency by making the scenes relatively empty of human beings , thus , emphasizing their insignificance in relation to the state . 
  this will get buried -- before gorbachev entered the politburo he was head of some backwater soviet region and depended enormously on funding from moscow . 
  ( centralized economy ! ), 
  so the story goes that when a member of the politburo visited gorby 's region , gorby and his friend invited him to a friendly game of pool . 
  gorby 's friend was very good and started to win consistently . 
  finally , gorby took him aside and said - `` look we need this guy and you are winning every game . 
  let him win ! '', 
  tells you what an good internal politician gorbachev was in the communist party . 
  wow !, 
   deep down , i probably still think of being yelled at in hysterical anger as the highest expression of love . 
  i can identify with this . 
  what did you mean by a general darkness about him ? 
  what would you say about me --, 
  that i have visited - the kremlin . 
  that i want to visit - israel . 
  ( saw your answer below on whether the person had seen it or not . ), 
  great reply -- do you have any suggestions for an up-to-date book on the hittites , and also something related to religious beliefs that were chthonic and liminal -- i had to look those words up !, 
   on another note , sochi is not the same russia as moscow . 
  moscow is much more affluent than the caucasus . 
  having lived in the caucasus myself for a couple years , i can say it is a whole other world . 
  very true !, 
  visited moscow and know this . 
  when i was there , i wanted to take a side-trip to volgograd and the russians told me not venture far from moscow . 
  that it was not a good idea !, 
  no , no , no . 
  i can assure you that you will fall in love again and forget this guy . 
  i went through this many times and always felt the end was near - and then marveled at how quickly i recovered . 
  in one case , i was 21 years old at the beach by myself , i went swimming and was despondent thinking about how great it would be if only he was there , daydreaming about how the day would be . 
  that very day , i met another guy at the beach and in two weeks had completely forgetten about the first one . 
  you need to go to psychiatrist and start taking anti-depressants now . 
  force yourself to call your family and ask them to take you .
