   speaking of ray 's shooting , why was the birdman even there ? 
  it 's the scene of the crime , days later , and nothing is touched . 
  the water is still running in the faucet , the radio 's still on -- the place is , seemingly , how it was left the day of the murder . 
  was the birdman camping out , waiting to see if anyone else came ? 
  if so , how is it that they did n't snoop around in all that time ? 
  ray walked in and found the hidden camera in literally three seconds . 
  if you think birdman followed ray there , how the hell would they know to do that ? 
  maybe bait . 
  they were waiting to see if any of the major showed up . 
  the place was owned by catalyst . 
  when they saw ray , the decided to get the hard drive before the others showed up - like burris did . 
  i do n't get what you are seeing . 
  if it 's about la , it 's been covered somehow , somewhere by ellroy . 
  just poetic license , i think . 
  agreed - a great many unqualified `` critics '' on the internet . 
  especially the recaps that need to be completed hours after the show aired . 
  at the bank in line , two latinos speaking in spanish , trashing the anglos in front of them . 
  typical stuff , they 're racists , stupid ( yes , it 's true , this is common ) , fat , picky , etc. 
  being a white latino , i told them in english `` i do n't agree with what you have said about the americans waiting in this line . 
  i am cuban and speak spanish . '', 
  thank god no was carrying that day !!, 
  miguel is an homme fatale . 
  absolutely -- just to tighten or remove embarrassing dialogue ( take out the `` blue balls of the heart '' snippet for example ) . 
  increase tension , as mentioned elsewhere . 
  eliminate stupid subplots -, 
  - mourning stan , visiting his widow ; it was obvious from the get-go blake did it . 
  - frank and jordan : other than establishing that he really loves her . 
  ( no avocado trees ; weird blow jobs at the fertility clinic ; conversations about ceiling stains , etc. ), 
  - the whole actress/paul subplot . 
  - all the clues that paul was gay - we got it ; just cut to miguel please . 
  emily 's angst . 
  - ray and ani -- just about anything that does not advance the story or character development . 
  like tighten up the beat up of aspen 's dad ; gena does n't need to bribe him or tell him state paid a visit - they have enough to reduce paternal visits ; ani 's conversations with her boss and davis - the whole `` make him think you 'll fuck him '' part was totally out-of-character . 
  but - until the finale we wo n't know what major cuts to make . 
  and - i 'd love take a look at the what 's left on the editing floor . 
  probably some gold among the dreck . 
  finally , anything in post production - like camera filters , etc , that could enhance the show and make it consistent from episode to episode . 
  thanks - some the editing was so bad . 
  when the dr. asks ray if he wants to live , ray turns around with his `` i do n't know '' face and looks at the x-ray while the dr asks his question . 
  it should have been turns around , listens to the question , looks at x-ray and then the `` idk '' face . 
  no idea how it was shot because farrell is a good actor . 
  i get the feeling he had his back to us when the question was asked and then turned around with his idk face . 
  there is no explanation otherwise - cut the scene if you ca n't fit it in . 
  that 's obviously frank 's range rover . 
  you need to back to episode 4 - and look at the conversation between ray and the doctor . 
  rust-belt ohio would be awesome . 
  especially something that mixes s. ohio hillbillies , the dying manufacturing cities , with the great university towns that still exist . 
  currently , a serial killer investigation south of columbus near chillicothe is real interesting . 
  basically , the latter has only two growing industries - meth and prostitution ; the killer preys on hookers - many of whom are young mothers and white . 
  there is also some sex trafficking going on out of columbus ; some of the women may not be dead and just kidnapped or working columbus . 
  some bodies have been discovered , enough to show a serial killer is at work . 
  yeah , i know ... this is a generalization , but ohio breeds hard men - like ulysses s grant and william t sherman . 
  men who think that butchery is okay if it serves its purpose . 
  good place for noir -, 
  glad you think so -- especially the aspirations and mendacity part . 
  it 's only a matter of time before we get ohio noir or ohio gothic -- one of the two . 
  of course , i am . 
  serial killers post here all the time . 
  we even have our own private subreddit . 
  how do you think we stay on top of the latest serial killer technology ? 
  never been to ohio - but planning a photography trip - lots of abandoned porn , i 'm sure . 
   are you looking for the seedy underbelly , my fave , or the heart of america ? 
  oops , may be they are same thing . 
  urban archeology - abandoned places . 
  you make a good point , though . 
  the seedy underbelly [ chilli ( ? ) ], 
  and the heart of america ( ohio state , the suburbs ) ... yeah , a cool story is waiting at that intersection . 
  in chilli -- they ca n't tell how many bodies to attribute to the serial killer or to women dying from the side effects of their profession , say , drug overdose . 
  in cases of missing women , which ones are due to sex trafficking . 
  add to the mix -- who the customers are -- there 's a theory that better-off ohioans drive to chilli to pick up hookers . 
  ( away from those who might recognize them . ), 
  like driving there from cincinnati just to hire a sex worker and drive back . 
  how does ohio society get to the point where it ** ca n't tell why ** women are suddenly dying and/or disappearing !, 
  great story at the intersection of seedy underbelly ave , main street , and killer ( on the ) road . 
  did n't know about the prisons . 
  thanks for the info . 
  sorry about your family member . 
  some very hard men in s. ohio , very conservative , anti-school taxes , weird sexual attitudes ( and i am from ft. lauderdale where there is a lot of adult business ) . 
  i met a man from dayton once ... well , it 's an old story . 
  will look up kings mill if it 's still there when i get there . 
  [ you may like this ] ( http://www.forgottenoh.com ), 
  how about heightened emotions , locked in room with nothing to do , lots of alcohol ? 
  granted mcadams and farrell have movie star looks . 
  but , their situation could make two people without lust , without love , fall into the sack . 
  ani knew the reference ; did n't want to talk about it . 
  and the powers that be knew very early on . 
  maybe even that very night -- there was speculation as to why malaysia did n't announce until shortly before the flight was due in beijing . 
  and within a couple of days , they suspected that pilot . 
  not the copilot . 
  i am sorry for your loss . 
  i saw season 1 and now # 2 . 
  season # 1 did n't damage me , it made me hate the predators who prey on the helpless . 
  that 's why season 2 does n't hit me so much - caspere deserved to die . 
  the protagonists - well , this is noir . 
  forget it jake , it 's chinatown . 
  parsing words and other sophistry does n't win this argument . 
  i think the point is that everyone has different emotional responses to this drama . 
  some responses can be very damaging . 
  i think that 's all op meant . 
  within this drama , yes .
