this will get buried , but here it goes . 
  my parents attended the university of havana with fidel castro . 
  this was back in the late 40s , early 50s . 
  mom and dad were courting and every evening after mom finished studying in the library , she waited for him outside the main entrance . 
  another young woman also waited for her boyfriend -- fidel !, 
  according to mom - fidel picked up his girl punctually and walked her home ; he was studying law and even then had a bad reputation - `` un gangster '' - which was her way of saying he was involved in student movements that advocated protest and sometimes violence . 
  he was always armed , which he displayed openly . 
  he acknowledge mom and dad in front of library in the same way students who do n't know each other , but see each other often , do . 
  ** gone with the wind **, 
  the casting , even the minor characters , was perfect -- aunt pittypat , prissy , india wilkes . 
  they are the exactly as described . 
  intelligent african-american characters - not stereotypes . 
  in the book , much humor is derived from the fact that the slaves ( or former slaves ) were often smarter and ran rings around their masters . 
  not the most accurate portrayal - but it does not portray them as buffoons . 
  hattie mcdaniels played an intelligent , astute woman as mammy - just like in the book . 
  the customs and set design capture the spirit of the book 's descriptions , with some dresses exactly as the author described them . 
  finally , vivien leigh owned that movie and the search for the right actress paid off . 
  traveling faster than the speed of light . 
  i do n't think we will ever have warp drive . 
  here 's a few --, 
  what does n't kill you makes you stronger . 
  think about your death every day . 
  only the rich can afford cheap shoes . 
  concentrate on doing what works for you . 
  ( in my case - could n't play sports , hated the gym , started doing exercise videos . ), 
  my father died when i was sixteen , my mother had to go to work for the first time at 47 , and my sister and i were left fending for ourselves . 
  we managed to get graduate degrees , but the insecurity of those years affect us to this day . 
  astrology, 
  a few things --, 
  - no contact , period . 
  if he tries to contact you , act like you are okay ( i.e. 
  better off without him ) and then end the conversation . 
  - experience the hurt - do n't try to bury it . 
  talk to people who you are sure are your friends . 
  - think how he does n't care how you feel - no matter what he tells you . 
  trust me on this -- the whole `` i am worried about you , want to know you are ok '' is usually malevolent curiosity . 
  - get involved with new people - take a new class , join some new association , etc. 
  try to avoid his friends , etc. 
  - time will take care of the rest - get on with your life and your interests . 
  nobel prize-winning geneticist , walter thurman , woke up in an empty room that held a few other people . 
  he remembered dying and knew instinctively that this was the afterlife . 
  one he never believed in , given his scientific convictions . 
  is this heaven , hell , some sort of waiting room for reincarnation ? 
  the room had no furniture , lighting fixtures , windows or doors ; it was a cube , lighted from no obvious source . 
  the walls , floor and ceiling were steel gray , made of some sort of plastic or artificial material . 
  he was wearing his own clothes , recognizing the slacks , sweatshirt and shoes as his own . 
  he looked around at the other inmates . 
  to a man , they were sitting on the floor despondently , looking utterly bored . 
  each looked over at him , then returned to his own thoughts . 
  not even a flicker of interest - let alone recognition !, 
  no one knew who he was - the great walter thurman , the man who identified the genetic material responsible for schizophrenia , a man whose work had helped millions . 
  he looked at each of them and tried to figure out who they were - or rather had been . 
  one man caught his eye - he recognized the mustache and grey uniform of the wehrmacht . 
  thurman moved over to him , could n't resist and said hello . 
  the man gave him a piercing stare and ( in german , but somehow thurman understood ) `` who are you ? '', 
  thurman introduced himself and , with great pride , described his accomplishments . 
  finally , with smirk ... 
  `` by the way , you were wrong about your racial theories . 
  all that has been disproven , no scientific basis at all . '', 
  `` so i been told . '', 
  motioning to another man who did n't bother to acknowledge him . 
  `` so , you know . '', 
  `` yes , but it does n't matter if i was right or wrong , does it ? 
  what matters is that the german people failed me , our cause lost . 
  if we won , your research would have shown different results . '', 
  thurman smiled , `` my research was objectively based , on sound scientific methods , measureable , verifiable and reproducible . 
  your ideas were untested racial theories . 
  based on ignorance , bigotry and hatred . '', 
  `` are you referring to my proposed elimination of the lunatics or of the jews ? '', 
  `` both really - my work deals with mental illness , many persons you ordered euthanized could be cured as a result of my discoveries . '', 
  `` well - we could n't in my time and killing them was merciful . 
  surely , you can agree with that ? '', 
  thurman was surprised at being found out by the man with the cold blue eyes . 
  he had always hidden his contempt behind a kindly manner , he had been renowned for his compassion . 
  `` at any rate , you were dead wrong about the jews . '', 
  thurman , you value science and truth -- but in politics , the truth is not that simple . 
  truth is a function of power -- in the reich , i decided what the truth was and i proved it - by eliminating dissent and inoculating my ideas into everyone else . 
  only my truth could be spoken and it was spoken by everyone who wanted to live decently . 
  in the reich , someone like you would have been at the leading edge of scientific research proving my racial theories . 
  `` that 's ridiculous . 
  i would have fled . '', 
  `` maybe -- i do n't see you as someone willing to die in a concentration camp for his beliefs . 
  has it ever occurred to you that something can be objectively false but emotionally true ? '', 
  `` well , if you are talking about delusions , then ... '', 
  `` no , i am talking about hatred . 
  if you hate someone or some group , anything i say that reinforces it will be emotionally truthful to you . 
  i was not the only one in the reich that wanted a radical solution to jewish problem . 
  many felt the way i did . 
  we hated them ... for many reasons ... 
  `` no , it was all planned , very deliberate . 
  the trains ran on time , the quotas were met , etc. 
  surely , you do n't think that i killed 6 million jews by myself ? '', 
  `` no , i do n't think adolf hitler acted alone . '', 
  `` so you see , my theories were true - in my time , my place and with my people . '', 
  thurman sighed , there would be no getting through to this man , obsessed with power and hatred . 
  what a cretin . 
  changing the subject ... 
  `` where are we ? '', 
  `` hell , but i am not sure . 
  there 's no way out , just endless boredom . '',
