  for $ 2,000 a night - ani is not the kind that floods that market . 
  i did n't mean rachel mcadams , i meant ani . 
  knowing something of the adult business trade , rachel mcadams with her looks and name-recognition could , if she was remotely interested , command a huge price . 
  in nyc , high escort services offering known movie , tv or reality actresses ask in the 5 to 6 figures for them for a few hours . 
  rumors are lindsay lohan and tara reid make extra money this way . 
  and the whisper in cannes is about selma hayek and how she started a `` yacht girl '' and ended up marrying into french aristocracy . 
  denise richards supposedly started this way in hollywood . 
  just rumors , i do n't know first hand . 
   the bar is a way to set the tone and set up major plot points, 
  is n't that what i said -- it 's a reflection of his mental state ( sets the tone and major plot points ), 
  i agree with your points , in your earlier ones you mention continuity errors to unbalance the viewers . 
  i had n't noticed , but think you are correct . 
  in season 1 , these things would not get past fukunaga . 
  in season 2 with multiple directors , the overall unpolished sense of the dialogue and plot , some of this stuff could be mistakes . 
  not the white spot in the freeze frame , that was intentional . 
  nor the red light flooding the open door in the hollywood house that velcoro does n't even acknowledge . 
  reminds a little of eyes wide shut - like the wife does n't even acknowledge the mask on her bed , the unreality of cruise 's character in new york streets . 
  so maybe . 
  looking over your web site again at the drawing both by the girl and cohle of the green-eared monster . 
  cohle told marty he thought it was leaves , but he drew green painted ears as it ended up being the case . 
  so , another misremembered detail . 
  either that or a creepy member of the commune . 
  maybe the wife was cheating on ray ? 
  they have been establishing since the first episode that frank is into mrs. frank . 
  having worked at places where these things happen among partners , etc. , the homebodies do n't get invites or even awareness of them . 
  they may know something vaguely is going on - especially on overseas trips - but since they do n't participate , they do n't get details . 
  the participants are very protective and its their own private thing . 
  i mean -- even if frank decided to be open-minded about it -- he would still have blackmail threads he could pull on . 
  plus , he 's irredeemably fat . 
  and , a the custodial parent , i blame you . 
  got the chad , you deserve . 
   scene right before the oil baron grabs her and starts chatting her up . 
  i do n't know about her decision-making , he could have set her up in a nice condo in houston . 
  why has n't frank `` the sentimental gangster '' killed blake yet ? 
  that 's why he 's the * jefe . 
  cisco systems probably has their own reason for looking for the hard drive . 
  raven are carrion birds and these guys are devouring women . 
  in ani 's case , maybe devoured her childhood . 
  how about blake and gena were a thing ; she lies about the rape -- that starts everything else rolling . 
  i ca n't stand that woman , wanting to tell chad his father is a serial rapist , lets him eat junk food constantly , parks him in front of a tv . 
  really -- he needs to go to fat camp . 
  this happens , two things that i know of --, 
  - an adult businessman ( not on the product side , as he was quick to point out ; he provided the hosting for adult sites ) , told me about party in tampa fl where they bussed in strippers . 
  unlike the orgy in td , the women were naked . 
  what was interesting is the adult businessmen did not touch the women or even acknowledge them , they mocked all the yahoos who were all over them . 
  - these parties occur overseas a lot , especially places like colombia and peru . 
  the corporate types go together to brothels and get incredible women super cheap - it 's a bonding ritual . 
  the guy who organizes these has had an inexplicable career at the multinational he works at . 
  this is a top level remark - so please let me know if i am breaking the rules . 
  while reading about early civilizations , i was struck by this phenomenon . 
  while the early record is not very clear , i think three factors are important . 
  1 - common sense . 
  if your side is praying to its gods and the other to theirs . 
  the winners will have a strong argument that theirs are the gods to be worshipped . 
  2 - forced conversions . 
  in many cases , the victors would build monuments to thank and worship their gods . 
  they would expect the locals to participate in these occasions , regardless of belief . 
  islam allowed non-believers to exist , as long as they paid a tax . 
  but earlier religions were not so organized . 
  3 - syncretism - the new gods would be merged with the old gods . 
  a latter day example is santeria or santa muerte which mixes native religious beliefs with catholic beliefs . 
  again , this comes from unanswered prayers to the old saints and new cults promising miracles . 
  no - as a woman , i would be worried . 
  i like `` if something like that keeps you outta heaven , i dun wan na go '', 
  very hardboiled dialogue , done right for a change . 
  regardless of who lives or dies - the corruption in vinci will survive . 
  vinci is latin for conquer . 
  does not bode well for our heroes . 
  gena has not been played or written sympathetically . 
  yes , she has valid reasons for wanting ray out of chad 's life . 
  but , she last call , she said that she wanted to the paternity test `` for me . '', 
  so , now it 's all about you , gena . 
  besides , she knows chad 's dad may not be a rapist . 
  well - what if gena and some ginger dude were having an affair and she got pregnant and was very sure that it was not ray 's . 
  does n't want the abortion - or gets talked out of it by ray . 
  so she makes up the rape story . 
  not the first time this has happened . 
  has the kid - it could look like her - but it looks like chad . 
  obviously , the real dad has zero interest and she found another guy . 
  in film noir , there 's always a femme fatale that is shown to have betrayed the hero at the end . 
  frank is connected to the blue diamonds , somehow . 
  he and jordan wear blue , when not wearing black . 
  yeah . . both things could have happened . 
  errol is obviously the lawn man , painter , handyman , caretaker ... of carcosa . 
  he eventually got tired of his role and began displaying his ~ ~ art ~ ~ victims . 
  there 's no doubt that he put a lot of effort into creating a meaningful d\u00e9cor for the place , with lots of symbolism and atmosphere . 
  solid gold , stan . 
  who would want to hurt , stan ? 
  - it 's not as polished as the first one . 
  - and , it borrows from better known sources ( lynch , ellroy , chinatown ) , so it looks cribbed . 
  season 1 borrowed from obscure writers and philosophers and repacked their content in a popular buddy movie format . 
  - it really misses the one director vision and nico needs someone powerful enough to edit him . 
  he also needs help with hard boiled dialogue . 
  ** all that said , this is a more ambitious work - the four leads are not chummy , the victim is not sympathetic , the bad guys are openly slime , not hiding behind goodness ( churches ) etc. 
  it is building up to a big payoff ** let 's see if it delivers . 
  banksters, 
  did you even know the name is `` the star spangled banner ? '', 
  danger , i guess . 
  not because i needed a strong substance to enjoy sex , but i 'd like to have my wits about me in that environment . 
  from reuters , through raw story .
