  it should start in the uk , the telegraph or the times . 
  in trumps ' defense , most smaller countries pony up `` business partners '' that are government agents . 
  the problem is calculating the payments vs. fair market value of services rendered . 
  for example , the philippine government paid $ 125k for part ownership of a hotel . 
  is this the actual price , or is it $ 100k and the other $ 25k a bribe ? 
  difficult to determine . 
  who told them that -- the lee harvey oswald 's ghost ? 
  obviously , these are fake other countries with fake ics . 
  i do n't believe estonia exists . 
  i 've never met anyone from there and i 've been to all 50 oo-ni-ted states . 
  someone has to go to siberia , the russians , for some reason , associate this beautiful land with horrible things . 
  yes , the difficulty is establishing the quid pro quo . 
  fwiw , the bribes typically flow the other way , from the us businessman to the foreign partner/agent . 
  in many countries , you ca n't conduct business without bribes . 
   but that the perception he could has violated trust with traditional bureaucracy , both civilian and military , which has left the united states potentially paralyzed to act in the event of a serious crisis . 
  why you avoid the `` appearance of impropriety . '', 
   if he does n't , he can make it look like he does while denying it , and add to the chaos . 
  he can probably get a number of senior cabinet members/advisors fired just by releasing/manufacturing some information or bank records . 
  yep , putin can do some leaking , too . 
  i believe trump needed to show his russian friends something like -- we 're still cool , now is not the right time for sanctions . 
  the russians understand this . 
  btw , lifting the sanctions is the issue : this is what flynn needed to reassure them of the day after obama increased them . 
  chaffetz is a tool . 
  after weeks of saying , nothing to see here , he decides to let trump investigate himself . 
  i am beginning to think this , too . 
  the most conservative option available to him : investigate the situation without really uncovering anything . 
  easy to do , if there really is n't anything substantial - just things easily swept under the rug . 
  call in people , have them say whatever , claim nothing incriminating found . 
  he can avoid probing and be done with it . 
  instead , he does an obvious ploy like this . 
  he must be compromised . 
  yes , very true . 
  what does shatner think ? 
  this is a sign that priebus has survived last week 's storm . 
  during the mar-a-lago weekend , trump was openly stating in front of guests that priebus and spicer had to go . 
  breitbart had this story set for this week 's news cycle . 
  now bannon has to disown it . 
  is everyone bribing this guy ? 
  no , after leaving the delaware area , near dc , the ship went north . 
  so , it 's business as usual , despite flynn 's firing . 
  i was joking . 
  was this during fiorina 's tenure ? 
  rick scott is incredibly corrupt . 
  before the election , he ran a company accused of massive medicare fraud . 
  i think he took the 5th many times during deposition . 
  afterward , there has been plenty of sketchy stuff , too . 
  to paraphrase guiliani , martha stewart went to prison for one count of lying to the fbi . 
  i think this just applies to people in trump 's inner circle . 
  ya think ? 
  it says that he called the wall street journal front-page story disgraceful . 
  what was it ? 
  i 'm having a hard time keeping up . 
  * then they came for green card holders with traffic violations , i said , they broke the law , is there a job open ? 
  * then they came for naturalized citizens with traffic tickets , i said they broke the law , is a job open ? 
  * then they came for opposition native-born citizens with protest-related charges , i said , well , i not participating in any protests , is there a job open ? 
  * then they came for native-born citizens using public services , i said , i am not on assistance , i 'm okay . 
  * then they came for non-white native-born citizens , i said , i am 100 % white , i 'm okay . 
  * then they came for anyone posting negative opinions on social media , i said , thank god , i stopped using the internet for anything except approved purposes , i think i may be okay . 
  * then they came after me ; i am not sure why . 
  should definitely change it to german . 
  thanks !, 
  ** or jon consoling dany , which leads to passion . 
  * now i ( jon ) have my hand on your ( dany 's ) face , wiping tears . 
  * sansa/bran have conversation about lf . 
  * now i have your head on my shoulder comforting you , getting close to the 2nd base . 
  * sansa tells arya about lf 's betrayal ; she says she already knew from the hound . 
  * now the ship rocks and we 're stuck in the missionary position . 
  * sansa/bran/arya make preparations for his execution . 
  * i start kissing your remaining tears , licking them even . 
  we both look at each other , it 's meant to be . 
  * arya executes lf . 
  * viserion breaches the wall *, 
  wonder why now and against cnn ? 
  trump would not let his name be used otherwise , i think . 
  looked into it and st. mary 's does n't have high rankings among hospitals , according to the hospital association and physician groups . 
  average with lower scores in subspecialties -- see specialties and the scorecards . 
  now , if they were somehow expanding into high-risk babies ? 
  why would an average hospital do this ? 
  me , too -- slightly older crowd . 
  i never understood the `` sounds of silence '' as a phrase before . 
  the silence was the din of our bubble bursting or , maybe , how the romans felt when the barbarians finally crashed through the gates of their eternal city . 
  was it a pug ? 
  pugs can be verbal when sleeping . 
  aww ... thought your comment was very clever . 
   scream/sing in their gruff gravelly voices, 
  they do that when they sleep , too . 
  too cute !, 
  firing civil servants for criticizing the president is very troubling . 
  the civil service enjoys significant job protection for a good reason . 
  before congress introduced the civil service , the spoils system operated freely . 
  referencing `` to the victor belongs the spoils , '' this arrangement meant the winner filled his offices with cronies , contributors , relatives , even volunteers . 
  regardless of qualifications , even literacy . 
  ( initially , the civil service required passing an exam . ), 
  one president - garfield , i think - was assassinated by a man who believed garfield owed him a job . 
  the assassin was insane , he probably imagined it . 
  three people were fired last week for criticizing trump . 
  even in business , petty firings are counter-productive , unless the criticism is over the top . 
  from the article :, 
   even so , why was the u.s. wiretapping one of its citizens ? 
  fisa law expressly prohibits such eavesdropping .
