  this would never have been leaked without kremlin approval . 
  the question is why ? 
  completely agree . 
  i visited moscow for 1 month . 
  the thing that most struck me was how much they laughed . 
  they joked , were very witty and loved discussion . 
  another stereotype that is true -- russian women are beautiful in general . 
  it is not uncommon to see a michelle pfeiffer look-a-like walking down the street . 
  and , yes , everyone dresses up , women put on make up , etc. 
  they love to drink . 
  i swear their liquor has a higher alcohol content than ours . 
  i nearly passed out from three glasses of russian champagne . 
  i was in moscow , am a woman -- i can state this is true . 
  i 've felt so homely . 
  the author never visited russia . 
  just being there makes you realize it is not western by any means . 
  it 's is n't eastern , not an asiatic country . 
  it is unique - in my limited experience . 
  ( never been to bulgaria , for example . ), 
  i remember iran-contra . 
  i am embarrassed to be an american , when i see stuff like this . 
  obviously , despite the small print , ukr expected help in case of an invasion - particularly from russia . 
  nothing -- the us military is currently trying to drum up support for money to build an `` artic fleet '' - so the scaremongering begins . 
  to make this really work - sell some to ukr through dubai . 
  make them easily disabled electronically . 
  came here to say that, 
  art -- whether museum quality icons to the most innovative modern art , russia has it all and at very good prices . 
  old soviet posters can sometimes be really cool . 
  most people do n't live to 94 years old . 
  most of the people he treated between 8/15/44 and 14/09/44 certainly did not . 
  maybe he 's not a bad person , though . 
  it looks like he did n't even make the 30 -- day probationary period . 
  are you thinking of the blue people of kentucky ? 
  i know it 's european . 
  it 's not that -- i do n't know how to explain it ; it 's just not western . 
  my russian friend , who took me allover , said russia was an asiatic country , but i guess that meant east asian to me and i did n't see it . 
  i know the history of russia , well - better than most westerners . 
  there are differences . 
  mostly the art is different , and the feelings ... -- i know , there 's a certain fatalism in the culture , a lack of optimism . 
  i remember joking to a girl from the ural mountain area that in the us , if you are not optimistic , you are sent to a doctor who gives you medicine until you become positive again . 
  the other thing , compared to the us ( i was not born here ) , russia did not strike me as a violent society . 
  you read about cossacks , purges , gulags , crime mobs , the horrors of the eastern front etc. 
  i ca n't speak to that as i have not experienced it . 
  however , americans seem much more violent than russians i met and constitute a more violent society . 
  they are n't passive ; they do n't let things go . 
  you have no idea how many are armed - in the every day lives !, 
  there is a belief that after a certain point , the issue is resolved through violence . 
  here 's a link, 
  [ blue people of kentucky ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_fugates ), 
  they are more sad than frightening though , and a courageous doctor made contact with them and found a treatment for their blue skin . 
  very true -- but in both the pentagon and snowden instances , the leakers were identified and pursued by the law . 
  this looks fishy to me , but i do n't read russian media , so i ca n't judge . 
  good point !, 
  i can be the healer -- just need to look up some druid recipes . 
  lucky owl - in the us , it would have already been shot down . 
  in holland , the citizens are told to carry umbrellas . 
  this makes sense . 
  it 's the easiest to get hard currency , especially in cash . 
  all the drug dealers use it for that reason . 
  another point , us greenbacks are counterfeited mostly outside the us by these criminal groups . 
  thank you , i am also working on druid costume . 
  what 's going on with hsbc switzerland ? 
  i guess this is the original sin ... ? 
  be a druid - just need some healing recipes, 
  did n't know it was a word , either . 
  i thought you meant avoidance . 
  so , now there 's a special word for it . 
  it is beginning to be advertising - a young person 's field . 
  for companies that self-insure , having older workers is a risk . 
  it 's hard to get over a toxic relationship when you are the rejected party . 
  most times , we hear about someone finally leaving a toxic person . 
  but , when the toxic person rejects you -- it 's doubly difficult . 
  the only thing i can say is - no contact . 
  when you reach out you are just feeding their ego . 
  they may respond , but only to fuck with your head - they enjoy it . 
  the only that helps is finding someone else to fill the void . 
  what does n't kill you , makes you bitter . 
  worked on video surveillance for a major company . 
  the two places with the best systems in the world are the kremlin and ( get this ) disney world . 
  even if the bridge is not part of the vs system , it could still be within reach of their surveillance equipment - if i was doing it and not part of the leadership , i would choose someplace else . 
  if it 's not putin ( do n't think it is ) ; it may be part of the kremlin leadership . 
  inside struggle ? 
  cause this sure looks like a clumsy attempt to pin it on putin . 
  and by someone unafraid of the vs system . 
  i too sense it , comrade . 
  i wrote on the other thread, 
   worked on video surveillance for a major company . 
  the two places with the best systems in the world are the kremlin and ( get this ) disney world . 
   even if the bridge is not part of the vs system , it could still be within reach of their surveillance equipment - if i was doing it and not part of the leadership , i would choose someplace else . 
  if it 's not putin ( do n't think it is ) ; it may be part of the kremlin leadership . 
   inside struggle ? 
  cause this sure looks like a clumsy attempt to pin it on putin . 
  and by someone unafraid of the vs system . 
  * there does seem to be an escalation and i do not like it . 
  i understand that but the vs system of the kremlin could pick up things in the nearby areas . 
  it is very sophisticated . 
  one would have to be sure that there were no cameras even pointing in that direction , that it was some sort blind spot or that it does not matter what the cameras show . 
   hopefully the kremlin will keep stability and the intended consequences of this murder do not come to fruition, 
  i hope so , too . 
  i am not sure what you are saying -- that this location is not visible to the vs system because of kremlin wall renovations ?
