  awesome . 
  i would like to add that emma 's mother brings the stuffed bear to norman 's house that vera miles later finds in what she thinks is norman 's room . 
  so true . 
  that was the reason . 
  she may have unfortunately compromised us secret information . 
  but , her purpose was to use her position as secretary of state to raise money for the clinton foundation . 
   the press is asking her the wrong questions . 
  they should specifically ask her if she 's sent or received any content that was marked `` top secret '' or `` confidential '' . 
   she keeps saying nothing she sent was marked classified , but nothing is ever marked classified because that 's just a generic term for saying certain types of information is categorized in one way or another . 
  yes -- she is parsing her words again . 
  but the reporters are too concerned about access and their haircuts to realize this . 
  ca n't count on them to ask specific , tightly worded questions . 
  where 's a good trial lawyer when you need them ? 
  assuming they even want to confront her or ask questions that let her skate away . 
   you 'll find out over time that the wonderful thing about hearing other people 's opinions is that it helps you define your own . 
  this is so important . 
  pointed questions -- google it . 
  most people do n't like to be confronted by an incisive question . 
  be a good listerner . 
  yes !, 
  but keep your opinions to yourself and make either positive remarks ( to keep them talking ) or ask a question in a non-threatening way . 
  in my job i have send out customer satisfaction surveys . 
  before i do so , i ask `` you were happy with our service . '', 
  very open-ended , making it be about the whole dept. 
  not me . 
  this has gotten good results . 
  stop !!!, 
  know the time and place to give a contrary opinion . 
  in most social interactions , a simple nod will get you through . 
  this is true , self-awareness is key . 
  we are not often the persons we think we are -- as others perceive us . 
  but -- you need to experiment . 
  that 's why joining organizations like toastmaster ( oh no ! ), 
  gives you a risk-free environment to see how you come across . 
  i like this - it makes more business than social . 
  totally agree -- especially the stalking part . 
   best really is going to be organic getting to know people through small talk, 
  so true !, 
   why are n't there any ( or very many ) hillary people protesting ? 
  to be fair , not that many people attend her rallies to support her !, 
  `` do you believe everything the zoo tells you . '', 
  i noticed that immediately -- it was an old-fashioned looking toy . 
  do n't pay too much attention to josh marshall - he 's a shill for hillary . 
  i read all his editor posts and that comes out loud and clear . 
  he almost never gives bernie coverage on his site . 
  he wrote bernie would be `` torned to pieces in the general election . '', 
  in new hampshire - he wrote , `` i really do n't know what will happen ... '' very disengenious considering the polls . 
  he did n't a call it for bernie in michigan , until the next day , when he suggested it was a one-time event , or some thing wrong with `` open '' primary polling . 
  this is one the reasons she wanted her own server , no foi requests . 
  it 's almost as insurance in case she screwed up . 
  would the donald trust aljazeera ? 
  cuban exiles will never vote for him . 
  rubio is not right-wing enough ; on cruz is good enough . 
  i know this community ; very set in their ways , and hatred of castro is passed from one generation to another . 
  probation services have been privatized and they need to fill the system with paying customers . 
  it 's horrible . 
  same for private prisons . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  i think we knew this in the 90s when corporations started laying older workers and hiring contractors and temps . 
  before outsourcing got of the ground . 
  yelling fire !!, 
  -- in a crowded theatre, 
  yes , florida in 2000 was called for gore and then miraclously bush starting closing the gap . 
  then they called it for bush . 
  i am devastated . 
  i think trump 's accusation that the protesters were organized by bernie , stuck . 
  in s. fl , hillary won with 75 % to 80 % of vote , the most liberal area of the state . 
  also the home of rep. wasserman , head of the dnc . 
  funny thing - i live in broward and did n't see any hillary signs and only a few bumper stickers . 
  i guess the `` machine '' got the vote out for hillary . 
  i may not vote for president or vote for someone else . 
  there 's always a bunch of unknown third-party candidates on ballot . 
  or , write in brazen , my pug . 
  thanks for verifying . 
  i ca n't understand it . 
  no that was kerry and miami exiles are divided on cuba . 
  quiet people ... as in `` who would have thought it was him , he was so quiet ? '', 
  i did n't say that -- really , please read my words carefully and see what i said . 
  parse them . 
  it 's called local content manufacturing . 
  if you are going to sell x product , the y % has to be made in the us . 
  best part - you get to choose which part ; the one that is most valuable to you . 
  i do n't understand why missouri and illinois ( d ) have not been called . 
  try a uk-based consulting company with a presence in russia -- deloitte , e.g. 
  start networking in london among russia-related business events . 
  i thought this was an excellent depiction of how the middle ages was viewed in 1940 , when religious feeling was still very strong . 
  i remember being taught the cathedral as symbol for the age . 
  of course , now we have ` inventing the middle ages ' and understand how this view is outdated and created by early modern historians . 
  still worth a look and the film makes valid points . 
  stories like orgy man 's are common in catholic countries . 
  i do n't know if they are true , but i can relate one my mother told from cuba before the revolution . 
  seems there was a convent in old havana where the nuns were cloistered ( not allowed out of the building ) . 
  afte the convent was demolished they dug up the interior courtyard and found it filled with the skeletons of dead babies and fetuses . 
  implying the nuns had abortions or committed infanticide . 
  what a smear --, 
  i understand where you are coming from , my friend . 
  i think this issue is very unfortunate and more about demographics than anything else . 
  the muslim population simply has a high percentage men in the age range prone to violence . 
  this type of situation leads to crime waves . 
  unfortunately , us and eu activity in middle east destabilized societies that , while not democratic , were stable .
