  so they had common goals . 
  yeah ... you have to know your cubans to unravel all of this . 
  me , too . 
  especially since the loss of vision is reported `` may have been '' psychosomatic . 
  it also appears he was refusing to take his meds . 
  totally agree . 
  the belief in a coming war and weapons of mass destruction . 
  the llamas ' beliefs that world would devolve into a mad max place and only shangri-la would safeguard civilization . 
  `` we ca n't defend ourselves but hope to be overlooked . '', 
  however , i see it as more class-based than racial or orientalism . 
  for example , the elites in their monastery were serviced by tibetan peasants , but the elites included all nationalities . 
  one key character , chang , was chinese . 
  they mention that a japanese character had not adapted well to the llama way of life . 
  conway , the hero , falls in love with the manchu princess , also a denizen of the monastery . 
  conway at one point - and admirer of chinese culture - notes that he has no racial bias , but lets other assume so to save trouble . 
  moreover , the high llama mentions that the traditions of the monastery are both christian and buddhist . 
  i find it interesting as a very late example of the literature of british empire and a companion piece to the movie * black narcissus . 
  wow - just wow !, 
  did something happen - this does n't appear on the page . 
  has jack taken over one of the moderator 's bodies to keep his secret . 
  if so , be careful . 
  it actually shows the transfer of business activity from developed nations to less developed nations and central and east asia . 
  soccer , please . 
  a great story from the cuban missile crisis . 
  remember back then long-distance photography had more limitations . 
  so after my dad was freed from prison in cuba ( they determined he was a nobody ) , he made his way to the french embassy and from there to miami . 
  guess who was waiting for him - the cia . 
  they took him homestead air force base and questioned him for 3 days until they decided he was nobody and dropped him off in downtown miami . 
  two inquiries stood out in his mind . 
  1 ) they kept asking `` but are you sure that castro is really , really a communist . '', 
  this was in 1962 . 
  he kept saying `` yes ; '' they would n't believe him . 
  2 ) they showed him aerial photos of different parts of cuba to see if the russians were installing missiles there . 
  dad did n't recognize any missiles - but he did point out that there were soccer fields in the countryside . 
  he said - cubans play baseball and american football ( back then ) ; they do n't play soccer . 
  the russians do . 
  his response made no impact on his interrogators . 
  no wonder that to cubans , cia stands for centro de idiotas americanos ( roughly center of idiots from america ) . 
  lol, 
  no - he was a civil engineer ; remember two security agencies determined he was a nobody - absolutely no threat , 
  i hope they mention that russia warned the us that these two men were very dangerous and that after a perfunctory interview , the fbi decided , `` nah , russia just does n't like them cause they are chechen '' and left them alone , unsupervised , without surveillance . 
  my father kept my mother in constant fear of being abandoned . 
  we are immigrants and she barely spoke english . 
  to relieve her anxiety , she talked to me constantly from the age of 8 until 16 when father died . 
  she did n't allow me to have friends my own age ; she was very domineering and controlling , even when i tried to break away . 
  although i was not physically or sexually abused , i did n't go through the normal stages of social development and to this day i struggle deeply , with great difficulty in social situations . 
  friends and frasier ; old shows - the dick van dyke shwo, 
  no love for casablanca ? 
  i 'm considered witty -- my mom was , too . 
  she would reward me when i said something funny to amuse her . 
  after a while , it became a natural thing - a witty remark would just come to me . 
  unfortunately , i was raised for nmom 's amusement , so i only have funny conversations in person , otherwise i have nothing to say . 
  that 's the downside . 
  but , if you are insistent --, 
  as i grew older , i read funny , witty remarks and remembered them . 
  sometimes a subject came up and an the remark would be witty and appropriate . 
  fave anecdote -, 
  oscar wilde on hearing a witty remark -- `` i wish i had said that '', 
  `` do n't worry oscar , you will , '' came the remark . 
  a lot of wit is like this . 
  also , wordplay is another was of saying verbal wit - witty is considered a good quality - people do n't like me , they do n't know me . 
  so they say `` tierras_ignoradas '' has good wordplay . 
  because i do n't know how to do puns , i was confused . 
  i later realized it was ( in context ) a way of putting down an ability others admired . 
  this happens to me too -- i realize months later the guy was asking me on a date not a recap of what i was planning to that night . 
  i 'm real intelligent about some things but not social cues . 
  my advice is keep a close eye on facial expressions and ask others their opinions . 
  but , i am not the best person for this . 
  do some dogs sense dangerous persons ? 
  our pug used to bark at the same mailman every time . 
  yet on this subreddit , a previously peaceful dog goes crazy when a creeper shows up . 
  not glib , where does time go -- into the past . 
  this is the answer for practical purposes . 
  and , once it goes , it 's gone . 
  you ca n't get it back . 
  hbo, 
  that russians are a grim , suffering people . 
  while they are not as well off as the west , but they are very funny people . 
  thanks , i am reading max hasting 's catastrophe . 
  i meant 1861 - ca n't change the title . 
  otherwise very funny mahanahan . 
  no holocaust - otherwise a fascist dictatorship backed by the army and the elites , and supported by volk organizations . 
  no wwii either . 
  the dismembering of france along vichy lines , annexation of belgium and luxemburg and annexation of russian territory along the lines of the brest-litovosk treaty . 
  austria hungary would have survived and been given chunks of the balkans . 
  the ottoman empire would not have been dismembered . 
  no current middle east problems of the type we have today . 
  england would have to give up colonies , maybe even india , and pay reparations . 
  america might decide to make german the official language - it almost did due to the huge number of german immigrants . 
  thank god it did n't happen - because belgium tied them up for a while and the french avoided envelopment and germans did not assess the situation of the their allies clearly and responded as it were problem at the staff college . 
  there 's no meaning to anything other than that you wish to ascribe to it . 
  that he did n't love me . 
  so funny -- should be best of . 
  he probably would have captured richmond , almost immediately by mcclennan standards and there would have one battle of bull run - a union victory . 
  took the wind out of the confederate sails . 
  is that della , perry mason 's secretary . 
  go luck my friend . 
  that 's a good answer , may i add two points . 
  - bismarck did not want a catholic majority in germany , so prussia did not press the point with the emperor . 
  much to the chagrin of pan-germans in austria-hungary until the anschluss .
