  he still alive , he lives among us . 
  have n't you paying attention to the evangelicals . 
  and you are so sure they are wrong ? 
  btw , i went to an american public high school and got a great education . 
  my ap american history teacher was fantastic . 
  go on ... 
  maybe it was the cold war . 
  animal lover here : i upvoted you ; for me , it falls under the `` sad but true '' category . 
  [ drop bears are fictitious ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drop_bear ), 
  well , if reddit is relying on unpaid help , one needs to respect those who provide this service . 
  moreover , if reddit is only willing to provide `` light touch '' support to moderators , at least be cognizant of their opinions and understand their challenges . 
  seems good business sense to me . 
  ps - although it would not be in keeping with reddit philosophy , maybe the moderators can attend an on-site meeting every year to discuss reddit 's profitability issues . 
  closer to the ultimate customer as they are , they might have innovative ideas . 
  just a thought . 
   i still do n't know why none of the 3 super td have n't wondered about burnt fingerprints and ask for dna samples, 
  i think it was established that no one wants caspere 's death solved - the three jurisdictions have different agendas . 
  maybe that 's why our detectives are n't the sharpest knives in the drawer and need frank 's help in obtaining vital clues . 
  `` i was never exactly columbo '', 
  i do n't get - it 's a soccer joke ? 
  drug users , high on meth , mexican cartel type action . 
  would n't have so many civilians if the protests had n't been going on . 
  it 's like twilight zone , certain structural elements - roger serling 's introductions and epilogues , the twist ending , the initial confusion of the character , follow from story to story . 
  poetic license - it was supposed to show how badass she was . 
  however , also how inexperienced and out of her depth she is . 
  yes , especially an ambush - which is what they walked into . 
   why would could casper poison land over the course of years ... seems far-fetched but you map it out like a excellent mind would, 
  someone would have to buy it cheap . 
  and , push out farming families . 
  and stupid -- ani is out of her depth . 
  but then again , she has no other case and was rattled by the suspension . 
  notice how -- she 's on suspension but still working on this case . 
  ( what ? ), 
  is ani 's boss played by the same actor who was chasing kate in lost ? 
  specially the fact that it was mess for the leads . 
  cop in tv just make these firefights into heroic moments . 
  this one was bad -- for them . 
  what does it mean ? 
   does frank say that because he recognizes where the smoke is coming from ? 
  does he know about what 's inside the building ? 
  i think he recognizes the location and that maybe a gang fight or something was going on . 
  not in on the ambush . 
  no - they already established that she would start a reckless pursuit . 
  i think she was rattled and inexperienced . 
  the psychosphere - it affects everyone . 
  me , too !, 
  i got one at walgreens ; the best . 
  my sister was always borrowing so i got her one . 
  she uses it , even to scratch her cat , especially at the root of the tail . 
  cat looks like she 's having an orgasm . 
  forget it jake , it 's chinatown . 
   sometimes your best self , is your worst self . 
  yes --, 
  i think the operation refers to a botched abortion . 
  no -- i noticed that dixon had a smug look when paul fell for the deception . 
  like , this guy is such an idiot . 
  some other commenter mentioned that he was probably distracted at that moment - worried about gayness or something and did n't look carefully . 
  more evidence that are our detective are n't that bright . 
  obviously they were chosen because they were under suspension ( paul ) , drunken burnout ( ray ) and reckless , gambling , `` nympho '' ( ani ) . 
  even ray states early one that they were n't given sufficient resources and the case was not meant to be solved . 
  i loved the panic and chaos of the whole thing . 
  the unsettling sense the camera work conveyed cutting from one character to another , all these surprises , the carnage , the end when they realize what a mess they have on their hands . 
  the realization they were set up to ambushed . 
  too often , these firefights have no consequences - any dirty harry confrontation . 
  maybe the big bad or a random in the picture . 
   and was caspere 's murder something ritualistic ? 
  and what the hell is catalyst ? 
  caspere is the intersection of the land fraud part and the sex/porn/occult part . 
  changing the subject . 
  not born yet !, 
  retreated into the building on the other side of street and waited for backup ; ani not going into the building with the migrants and chasing the suv on foot firing in populated area . 
  calling for backup . 
  and , this confirms that frank does not participate in the sex orgies . 
  i always thought frank 's closeness to his wife was signal of this , btw . 
  yes - i noticed that as well . 
  wow - the expression on her face , did n't even bother to smile for photo . 
  so beautiful -- and the poverty it captures in a prosperous environment . 
  thanks for posting on the day we got the pluto pictures . 
  one ca n't trust anything the ukrainians say at this point . 
  robert redford was the studio choice for michael corleone . 
  could they be that he is blind to something ? 
  something real obvious . 
  also , he started wearing a lot , which in film seems to indicate is n't seeing what directly in front of him . 
  do we have to go back to suspecting mrs. frank ? 
  i do n't think so - i think he will realize that the waste disposal business was polluting the environment and kill avocado trees and made them an unfertile couple . 
  maybe he was there , but did n't participate in any rapes . 
  he spent some time with his war buddy . 
  that 's why it bugs him , ca n't really defend himself . 
  plus he did for america, 
  i agree , seeing ani 's sister naked , dr. pitlor 's sunglasses which make him seem blind , therapist to the degenerates -- may be something there, 
  exactly - the author of this piece was not paying attention . 
  they walked into an ambush -- the guy they could get to talk - dixon - conveniently died . 
  it came out of nowhere for our protagonists . 
  but , for the people pulling the strings - oh yeah , they knew what they were doing and there were clues about it too . 
  funny how dixon when they find the `` watch '' and how confidential informer states that amarillo is the pimp - not a pimp a meth cook !, 
  i loved the fact it came out nowhere for the 3 protagonists . 
  not unless he 's clue us in on what is happening the scenes . 
   they do n't want it documented because they are pulling some shady shit . 
  completely agree . 
  first of all -- if you cry as you describe , then you could end up being a target for workplace bullying , either by the supervisor or their flunkies .
