  i am so sorry !, 
  you have every reason to feel betrayed and the emotions will fade over time . 
  i have been where you are ; it 's very important to start temping right away - look at the other contract companies working at the same agency . 
  consider federal , state , county that do similar work . 
  good luck !, 
  my sister , who lives with me , is an alcoholic . 
  she needs to be paid attention to constantly . 
  if i leave the house or stop talking to her , she gets completely drunk . 
  she 'll drink a twelve-pack of beer in a matter of hours . 
  i do n't know what to do . 
   we knew americans would be blood-hungry after that . 
  i had that realization , too . 
  i 'm an american and everyone in our office went down to the cafeteria to look at the coverage . 
  omg - they were some guys outside yelling about revenge , but most men were just seating there quietly with very serious faces . 
  i knew the us would start killing arabs soon . 
  rather indiscriminately , too . 
  the mood was palpable . 
  i had a pakistani friend at the time -- felt very bad for him and his country . 
  true -- the telegraph had a story on it and they overthrew yanukojevic right during the sochi olympics . 
  totally humiliating putin , a gangster who does not like to be disrespected . 
  best of luck to you . 
  you are correct , imho . 
  happy birthday !, 
  the best thing to do is never communicate in any way . 
  this was one way relationship -- all you did was feed her ego . 
  now step dad feels great too - ` had to throw out my stepdaughter 's conquest ... think he was about to start stalking . 
  there will be others . 
  i agree -- however , in op 's defense , it might have been difficult to discern his true situation . 
  if you are doing unpaid work , then your co-workers will be extremely nice to you . 
  nothing to make you leave prematurely -- and the surprise will come at the end and often without warning . 
  i am very sorry - to me , it looks like they knew it was n't going to be you - for whatever reason - and they kept it from you to keep you happy and working . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  all that invading so-and-so 's airspace and territorial waters seems like putin just messing with finland 's or whomever 's head . 
  but ukr is different . 
  just my opinion , walgreens deserves to burn . 
  i have never seen worse service at a drug store in life . 
  i eventually had to move all my prescriptions to an local neighborhood pharmacy because of them . 
  you are probably mocking ... but , you can see the quality of a person by the types they hang with ... just a thought ... 
  do not be a young black male near a police officer . 
  ( killing a n@$#@r is a rite of passage among our nation 's finest . ), 
  stay safe, 
  this !, 
  sorry - it makes no sense that he lunged inside the car ; the cop probably pulled him toward the car . 
  good luck -- do n't worry about the employees - you can always hire the good ones . 
  and , remember birds of a feather flock together - his closest employees are very similar to him in morals . 
  you 're ndad 's remarks have a flavor of sexual / emotional abuse . 
  not saying that what caused them , just that it just seems that way . 
  good to know you are free now . 
  for financial reasons i am living with nsister and she does not stop criticizing me or giving me orders . 
  her haranguing is endless . 
  even though we both share expenses , she acts like `` she owns the place . '', 
  i feel like i am living `` whatever happened to baby jane '', 
  `` obviously a threat and a demand '', 
  i live with that everyday . 
  good for you -- and , yes , this treatment has a long-term impact on you . 
  be careful about transferring the need to apologize to other authority figures at work . 
  i did this for very long . 
  a very long time . 
  and , to my husbands . 
  sometimes the person was just nasty and did n't even want an apology , but i would do it anyway . 
  i thought if i apologized they would stop being mean . 
  `` thanking them profusely to stop them calling me ungrateful '', 
  i know this , too . 
  it 's such a kneejerk response that i 've had people tell me ask '' why are you apologizing for ? '', 
  or simply say `` thank-you '' as a non-sequitor to some conversation . 
   i ca n't just apologize - she demands to hear exactly why i am apologizing , the run down of what i did wrong from my mouth , and i have to make her genuinely believe i am genuinely sorry or else she wo n't let it go . 
  she needs to hear i know she is right and deserving of an apology from me, 
  this happens to me too , from my sister . 
  i apologize -- then `` and what did you do ? 
  and `` let me hear you say it ? '', 
   to make myself feel better for someone 's bad behavior, 
  me , too . 
  i would even give people cookies to stop the bad behavior . 
  this is very tricky -- some people ca n't be helped ; a certain line gets crossed or a point reached and nothing can be done . 
  you do n't know what she 's like now in prison , with 10 years ahead of her . 
  i would take the slow approaches suggested here . 
  and , i commend you on being able to see how her upbringing got her to where she is today . 
  i worked for one of the big four . 
  this is not shady - it sop . 
  yes , the have some rules they have to follow . 
  and , with government agencies the lower client people get nothing . 
  but the top people - get fantastic stuff . 
  however , all companies throw in a `` training '' in the us for the client employees . 
  it 's basically an all expense paid trip to come and shop here . 
  it 's a perk of choosing our product . 
  a well-known silicon valley equipment manufacturer did this in a lot . 
  but so did everyone else . 
  not to mention pre-sales trips to see the system working onsite - oh , like in paris !, 
  it 's back and forth - a shakedown , really . 
  happens all the time with overseas customers -- they demand it . 
  happens all the time with overseas customers -- they demand it . 
  because they are afraid of the bad guy . 
   there are certain rules that allow you to entertain clients but there are practically zero loop holes for purchasing assets for a client to gain a government contract . 
  i am not privy to the purchase of assets -- in fact , the contrary . 
  i would decline the assignment . 
  this sounds like the auschwitz selections . 
  the apt in ghost . 
  not op -- i would n't go as far as you . 
  i have not seen the purchase of assets , but it would not surprise me . 
  `` 174 were filed by parents against the boy because of elopement . '',
