  less electoral pressure , no gerrymandering & 335 less people shouting at each other . 
  the airbase at ascension was staffed , operated & commanded by americans though , and the fuel & other supplies provided to the british came from american stockpiles . 
  for some context , this was only written as a contigency when it looked like britain was going to lose , and for some background : the state department & cia were pretty neutral overall because of their ties with argentinian nationalists against soviet-backed communists , desire to uphold the monroe doctrine & saltiness over britain not backing us in vietnam . 
  the defense department & military on the other hand backed britain because of nato & their military ties across the globe . 
  so while the state department was drawing this up in case britain lost , the defense department was readying a entire carrier to hand over to the royal navy so they * did n't * lose . 
  it was kinda a civil war in the executice branch with reagan caught in the middle . 
  he ended up siding with the defense department though , as evidenced by us shipping missiles to britain , feeding you intelligence & letting you use our bases for logistical support against argentina . 
  in the end though , like with most american policy , it just made both the argentinians & british get mad at us . 
  lol, 
  neither are in schnegen , so a assumption otherwise is n't completely unfounded . 
  i. . . i do n't think he was saying that ... at all ? 
  lol, 
  no , i 'm arguing that given the increase in their military commitments abroad in recent years , and the general state of the french economy , it was likely out of economic nessecity more than a willful shirking of obligations to nato . 
  or , in other words , they 're not exactly trying to undercut nato here given their military interventions . 
  it 's hard to pin military unpreparedness on them when they 've been one of the most militarily active . 
  the baltics are some of the most pro-american countries in the world , and along with countries like poland & romania , give us a massive boost to our influence & interests in europe , especially when you have countries with * relatively * decent-sized anti-american groups * ( at least socially ) * in them like germany pushing against such , with influential voices in it wanting to sideline strong ties with us for russia instead * ( even if they do n't have power right now , but if anything this year has shown us how quick shit can change ) * . 
  and , like i 've said before , it 's just the morally right thing to do , which , once again , is * not something * that happens very often in alignment with realpolitik . 
  so , you know , have no doubt about it , the baltics are of vital importance to us , and beyond that , they 're some of our closest friends in europe . 
  and you 'll get a lot more push-back than from neo-cons dude . 
  lmao let 's not forget that staunchly pro-nato republicans still were elected to & control congress , or that the staunchly pro-nato presidential candidate still won the popular vote , or that polls show the large majority of american citizens would support defending a european ally against foreign aggression . 
  support for nato & eastern europe goes far beyond republican or democrat ; conservative , neo-conservative or liberal . 
  it crosses both party & partisan lines . 
  and , like i said , i myself would n't go down quietly without protest when our national interests are so undermined & some of our closest allies are so willingly abandoned . 
  it 'd be a absolutely disgusting course of action worth nothing more than insult . 
  which is fine with germany as a independent nation . 
  but it does n't quite work with germany in a pan-european military . 
  whether justified or not , things like preventing the malian government 's overthrow , stabilizing car , fighting against daesh , and etc. 
  become german interests since they 're of such critical importance to france . 
  and even if * none of that * happens again the future , europe , * at the very least * , needs to * appear * like it has willing & capable hard power backing up it 's foreign policy when at the international negotiating table to get shit done . 
  so , once again , that mentality is totally understandable coming from the german perspective & even justified when looking at germany as a independent nation but ... like i pointed out ... does n't quite work in a pan-european context where germany and france have a united foreign policy & united military pursuing pan-european interests , as opposed to just german ones . 
  hence why i think these differences are going to be the death knell of a true eu army . 
  the baltics & poland meet the 2 % threshold there 's no reason they should n't be defended . 
  hell , and even though trump supporters hate me for it , i think they still should be defended even if they did n't & fell shy of it . 
  it 's not only in our national interests to defend them , but morally justified as well . 
  you do n't find many situations where both those things match , and when you do , you should commit to it without hesitation . 
  i 'd cut france some slack . 
  they 've been one of the most committed to military preparedness , and it 's only recently , for like the first time in decades , that they 've failed to meet the 2 % threshold , and i 'd argue that 's more out of economic nessecity than anything else given they 're stretched pretty thin right now , militarily , between north africa with mali , central africa with car , eastern europe with russia & the middle east with daesh . 
  i do n't know what germany 's excuse is though . 
  and to be quite honest , i do n't think that franco-german cooperation is going to be the start of a eu military , but the death of it . 
  i just ca n't see french leaders allowing themselves to be tied down by a german foreign policy & handicapped by a german military policy , or german leaders being willing to seriously commit hardpower behind a european foreign policy in the middle east & north africa , or more simply put , letting the german military take a leading role in a foreign intervention . 
  i never said there was anything wrong with ass smoke as a fetish . 
  though it has confused the migrant crisis a bit . 
  first she opposed opening borders in a big way to refugees because of the implications it would have & precedent it would set , and then she was for it & invited them in , but now she 's back to being against it & talking about how border security needs to be stepped up & how southern europe needs to start cracking down on migrant flows to ease the burden on germany . 
  poor woman just ca n't seem to catch a break with the way german opinion polls swing . 
  weird , sounds like something western europeans have done for decades to me . 
   i do n't enjoy smoke being blown up my ass . 
  you ever see merkel before a poll shift ? 
  lol, 
  yeah . 
  so what ? 
  lol, 
  there are literally lobbyists who work as meps . 
  the guy who called for the break-up of google was a lawyer who 's lawfirm was on the payroll of german publishers . 
  yeah , but a future attempt by russia to annex ukraine is n't really that one-dimensional , not when you remember the future threat a hostile , indepedent ukraine could pose to russia , let alone the historical connection the two share . 
  i mean , remember , ukraine just is n't ukraine , it was a , if not the , fundamental building block for russia 's eurasian union . 
  the competitor of the eu & proud ressurection of soviet-era russian influence . 
  now , in it 's current state , it 's a new frontier for eu & american influence . 
  this was not how things were supposed to go , and they are not in russia 's national interests , with or without a warm water port in crimea . 
  that right there is just a consolidation proze for what could 've , and in russia 's opinion , should , be . 
  also , turkey has had about 5 generations of military coups against those elected by a increasingly fundamentalist electorate . 
  i do n't know if you 've been paying attention to turkey , but * even way before * last summer 's coup , like for more than a entire decade since the man has gotten into office , erdogen has been pretty god damn successful in not only tearing out the secular , undemocratic deep state from as many crevices as he could , but also ammassing as much democratically-backed power as he possibly could with islamist rhetoric & campaigning . 
  but yes , maybe ukraine might not be annexed , and maybe turkey might no go full retard , but these ideas ar n't one dimensional , there is really credible reasoning behind them with depth . 
  if anything , saying that russia will never attempt to annex ukraine or turkey will never go islamist is just ... pretty one dimensional . 
  it reminds me of this sub before crimea , during the height of euromaidan . 
  anybody who suggested russia would invade was basically shunned & mocked , the idea was treated like a impossibility , hysterics , but yet , here we are , and now people like to act like that was a given or obvious . 
  lol some things in life are pretty striaght-forward . 
  and those things can be nuanced & have depth to them , even as they hide in plain sight . 
  ** tl ; dr they do n't think it be like it is , but it do **, 
  what was black & white about what he just said ? 
  referencing a shifting of geopolitical alliances is n't exactly a very big moral judgement . 
  lol, 
  i would comment on how finns see world , but it 's probably hard to turn your head when you 're that geopolitically paralyzed . 
  lol no , but seriously , does nobody remember this sub pre-ukraine ? 
  it was a anti-american shitfest where the driving sentiment was that the biggest threat to europe was america , russia was a long-lost ally kept seperated by american imperialism and nato must be dissolved . 
  ya 'll were fucking delusional . 
  lol you had some eastern european dissedents from time to time , but they were the minority & quickly drowned out . 
  but then ... it all started coming crashing down ... russia invaded crimea ... and then donbass ... and * now * people act like that course of action was obvious & easily predictable , when in reality , it caught the vast majority of western europeans i 've interacted with personally * ( on this sub especially ) * completly fucking off-guard , even at the height of euromaidan , & re-defined the world views of many of them , who had grown up under the delusion that america was enemy # 1 and unilaterally preventing world peace , love & kumbuya drum circles from reigning supreme or some retarded shit like that . 
  everybody was looking for that one special ingredient to make socialism actually work . 
  but little did they know , there was actually 11 of them . 
  japan has worse copyright law than america , more corporate influence in their politics than america & iirc , a shittier social safety network than america . 
  mind numbing amounts of people in japan literally die at their desk doing overtime or jump off the roof from work-related stress . 
  did ... did you also oppose the ttip by any chance ? 
  well , that 's not really true though . 
  lol america is one of the most reliable countries in the world when it comes to upholding international treaties it 's signed & ratified . 
  that image & reputation in itself is very much in our national interests . 
  hence one of the reasons why we 're so hesitant to sign , or sign but not ratify , so many u.n. treaties & conventions , even when they almost mirror u.s. legislation & national interests by like 80-90 % . 
  if we think there 's a 10-20 % chance we 'll have differences to it , even if only over fine print & minor interpretations , we 'll just not join . 
  also why you end up with situatons like the south china sea , where the u.s. navy is now trying to enforce unclos , despite it 's country having neither signed nor ratified it , while the chinese navy is attempting to violate it , despite it 's country having signed , ratified & voluntarily submitted itself before the icj for it * ( spoiler alert : the judgement did not go in their favor ... at all ... ) * . 
  good point . 
  his * lying * about getting a blowjob in the oval office is why he was impeached . 
  we have the highest incarceration rate in the world because of the drug war , but we 're still the world 's largest drug consumer . 
  you wan na do something about the drugs down south than legalize & regulate it so the cartels go corporate . 
  pharmecutical companies got my entire state doped up on what 's basically synthetic heroin , but they ai n't having gang wars . 
  neither did liquor companies after prohibition . 
  hillary won the popular vote by like a couple miles though . 
  bernie ended up being the one trying to flip superdelegates . 
  trump is so stupid he tried to convince both germany & belgium to agree to a * `` bilateral '' * deal with america seperate from the eu . 
  he 's fucking retarded dude . 
  lol, 
  it 's pretty much universally agreed upon by economics that nafta was a net positive .
