  consent has to be upheld by living persons . 
  for obvious reasons is n't the case when the person writes it in their testament . 
  a dead person does n't have to uphold his consent for it to be valid . 
  i do n't intend to argue the case after this post as i find the concept to be stupid . 
  it would remove the whole idea of last wish and testaments ( as they dont activate until you 're dead ) . 
  corpses are not considered humans by most laws in the western world . 
   what if they use protection ? 
  impossible to enforce . 
  and even it was the law . . well babies happen . 
   what if they can not have children ? 
  that solves the first issue i listed but not the second one . 
  when one of them are sterile i see no issue with the incest ( except that i think it 's nasty ) if you somehow can bypass the second issue . 
  for example if there 's been no contact between the two while growing up , eg if a child was adopted and as a grownup found it 's family . 
   should we also forbade sex with stupid people ( because children may also be stupid ) ? 
  the issue isnt that the child is stupid , it 's that it has braindamage . 
  more on this answer in my next answer too . 
   how about people that carry serious risk , that children will not be healthy ? 
  how about people with hereditary diseases ? 
  the same answer for all of the two quotes above : there 's a difference between the situations ( ontop of my second argument in the last post ) in that how limited the individual becomes by the law . 
  banning incest `` prevents '' the person to having sex with a selected handfull of individuals who generally are all easily identifiable . 
  it also protects a vurnable group of people ( ie children ) from not only braindamage at birth but also from abuse in the home . 
  the abuse parts mainly comes down to producing evidence . 
  as for people with heraditary diseases : preventing them from having any sex with * anyone * is far too intrusive when balancing personal freedom and the right of the child . 
  same with forcing them to make some sort of control of their partners healthhistory . 
  you seem to focused on the healthissues and ignoring the abuse-part . 
  neither of those factors exists in a vacuum , instead they both bring strong arguments to the table which combined , imo , leads to the conclusion that incest shouldnt be legal . 
   not necessarily . 
  consent is something that has to be upheld . 
  dead people can not uphold consent . 
  consent has to be upheld by living persons , for obvious reasons is n't the case when the person writes it in their testament . 
  the liberals suggestion was that the dead person donated her/his body for sex , by writing it in the testament . 
  so there 's 2 parts ' consent . 
   but is there really a problem here ? 
  yes there is . 
  one problem is that with sex comes pregnancies . 
  and * those messed up kids * is the reason of the taboo , for good reason . 
  the second issue is the fact that a child is dependent on the parent which risks twisting the consent because they are n't two equal parts . 
  the latter part is why it is considered incest when a parent has sex with its adopted child . 
   sex among close relatives is rare , because most people do not want to have sex with their parents/children/siblings . 
  and for those that do that , the fear of legal repercussions is probably the least of their problems . 
  imagine other people knowing , that you are having sex with your sister/mother . 
  something being rare is n't a relevant argument . 
  and i fully believe that if it is legalised it would be more frequent . 
  especially with adopted children/teens . 
  how about it everyone fly where they should and we can all be friends ? 
  beautiful , is n't ? 
  why would that be the case ? 
  they 're body-mechanics !, 
  send them over to sweden . 
  well payed , lovely country . 
  svensk , i was about to tell that joke . 
  edit : also the official name for danes is danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  we have them in sweden too , because fuck waking up to full sun shine at 04.00 . 
  midsummer and nye is on about the same level but i lean towards nye as the bigger . 
  i live in uppsala too but we feel like the exception . 
  there is only one ekonomikumparken !, 
   probably yes . 
  from 1-5 id say :  1 christmas  2 midsummer  3 lucia  4 easter  5 valborg i 'd say : 1 . 
  christmas 2 . 
  new years eve 3 . 
  easter 5 . 
  lucia apart from some singing in school , lucia isnt really a holiday , is it ? 
  not even a r\u00f6d dag !, 
  what ? 
  people use `` clay '' wrong ? 
  baby !, 
  / sweden, 
  interesting read !, 
   ** it 's not even kia 's fault ** . 
  the demand for electric vehicles in the eu is not high enough yet . 
  of course it 's their fault , they are practically cheating, 
  i do n't know where you live where social pressure , indoctrination and domestic abuse does n't exist , but i hope you have nice weather too . 
  not sure what good this will do . 
  those who does it due to religion will keep doing it and stay inside . 
  those who are forced will still be forced and will be forced to stay inside . 
  might be different with kids though . 
   unless you 're saying russia = rebels , which is hardly worthy of comment . 
  because it is true ? 
  yes . 
   it would have been obvious from the flightpath that they were n't headed towards turkey . 
  not only did it head towards turkey , it went * into * turkey . 
  going into another country 's sovereign space with military planes is quite a statement of `` we do n't give a fuck about your boarders , you just try to stop me ... '' the pilots knew what they were doing . 
  instant bonus edit : the above being said , it happens all the time , from everyone , and why they decided fire now is beyond me . 
  stupid . 
  even if the government put a ban on going to syria people could claim that they went to one of the neighbouring countries . 
  there are also aid workers flying down there and people who fighting * against * isis , who would be branded terrorist because they took a flight to the `` wrong '' country . 
  it 's not as simple as you make it out to be . 
  anyone who thinks that anyone with power in sweden , regardless of what major political party represent , want to nurture terrorists is stupid . 
  the issue is that it is very hard to * prove * that they fought with isis . 
  just going to the countries is n't enough , unfortunatly . 
  it 's the same issue that all countries have with terrorism and the reason why guantanamo bay existed . 
  locking people up without hard proof didnt sit well with the world . 
  i disagree with you . 
  also , in sweden it 's illegal for them to not report certain worries regarding children to the police/social service . 
  for example if a child is being beaten or sexually abused , it 's is * very * hard for the child to break free . 
  that 's bullshit , every doctor here are well aware of what they are allowed to say . 
  edit : spelling, 
  me too !, 
  there 's a difference between mb/s and mbit/s too !, 
   f * ck eu constructive criticism , a well laid out argumentation for the cause and overall well executed .
