you seem to be wrong : 3000 came to denmark ( since sunday ) and 400 applied for asylum . 
  could be that the rest didnt move on/just havent applied yet but that 's not how i interperate the text . 
  the idea is that an asylum seekers are to wait out the war at the first safe place where they do not risk their lives and they should n't be aiming for making a living here . 
  the thing is , though , that it is hardly a worthy life to live in tent cities * for years * while the war goes on , without a clear end in sight . 
  when the war is done and the area is safe again i 'll happily kick out those who mooch of the well-fare system but until then i find it morally despicable to send families back into a war zone because they arent from within the eu . 
   why are they allowed to go `` window shopping '' for the best country to seek asylum ? 
  get what you are given . 
   edit : what i 'm saying is : if you think they are genuine refugees fleeing to safety ask yourself this . 
  why did n't they stop in turkey where there are extensive camps and facilities set up to house them ? 
  why did n't they stop in greece the first european country they came through ? 
  why did n't they stop in any of the other countries the so called `` balkan route '' has taken them through ( macedonia , bulgaria , romania or serbia ) ? 
  and finally why do n't they want to stay in hungary where they are now ? 
  for those who are downvoting me . 
  because all the countries you mentioned are shit when it comes to dealing with refugees . 
  greece is so swamped with refugees ( combined with an economy that is on the brink of collapsing , remember ? ), 
  that the living conditions in greece has been deemed inhumane in here in sweden . 
  we 're not * allowed * to send ppl back there . 
  and as for romania : not even romainians feel that they can make a decent living there . 
  i assume that it doesnt get easier for either part when you force them to take care of the syrians too . 
  it is a european * union * so why should the outher ( poor ) countries act like a wall for thr rest of us ? 
  i dont like refugees swarming the eu more than the next one but they are fucking humans , allow them to live with some dignity . 
  i approve of it , it was a fun joke !, 
   in my opinion swedes are very loud and talk and laugh very loudly in public transportation . 
  yeah that 's the vacation swede . 
  people here seem to have this issue that we 're often so damn up tight socially when we 're in sweden so when we go on vacation abroad swedes get drunk and obnoxious . 
  normally we 're quiet and frankly * anti-social * in public transportation . 
   usually bad things like high crime rates and rapes . 
  that one surprised me though . 
  i might be close minded ( and not from poland ) but a lot of those countries would either be `` i do n't think about them / drink a lot / cheap labour / poor . '', 
  not stuff like `` does n't use euro / is n't part of nato '', 
   i want to remind you , the mad cow disease did n't happen in the us . 
  well then , case closed . 
  i was referring to that you said that he was n't punished . 
  as for life in prison : * part * of the work that a prison do is the rehabilitate so that you do n't send out someone who 's only option is to go back to crime . 
  another part is that it is a punishment which acts like a deterrent when you consider doing a crime . 
   you 're confident he wo n't leave prison . 
  i 'm asking why ? 
  is it a failing of the system that he wo n't leave prison ? 
  why keep a man in prison if he ceases being a threat ? 
  i know that he wo n't leave because the crime he did was so horrendous and he has n't changed his attitudes , so he 's still a threat . 
  it 's not a failing of the system . 
  if he * were * to stop being a threat , his crime was still to evil to be forgiven . 
  just because someone is n't a threat anymore it does n't mean that you get a get out of jail free card . 
  if that was the case everyone could get one free murder in their lives as long as they showed that they did n't want to murder someone else . 
  he is without human contact 22-23 hours per day . 
  that his cell is better than a hole in the wall does n't change that . 
  and isolation is practically a form of torture . 
  well if you 'll pay for that ... 
  he ' never getting out of that prison . 
   he should have rights . 
  but breivik has been treated well . 
  that his rights have been broken shows that there is a problem with the system . 
  this seems to contradict itself . 
  what do you mean ? 
  does n't sound like something they 'd let you take on board a plane . 
  on the other hand , neither does a bomb . 
   if you 're about to go out , go out with a ~ ~ bang selfie ~ ~ picture !, 
  hardly as * these * are the people swedes want to help . 
   sweden : accession to eurozone will take place via referendum . 
  in may 2015 75 % would have voted * no * to the euro so do n't hold your breath :-p, 
  we wo n't , within the foreseeable future . 
  our currency is n't stable enough because it is n't pegged towards the euro and since the majority of swedes are against the euro we wo n't change that . 
  it 's a loophole . 
  at least i think that 's the case . 
  this is all somewhat confusing . 
   thanks for civilized discussion . 
  thank * you * !, 
   i talked about two consenting adults . 
  this changes things . 
  i sort of touched on it at the top of the previouse comment . 
   person over 18 is not a child . 
  it is not dependent on a parent . 
  yes and no , legally they arent children but at the same time they 're often still in school and living with their parents . 
   if anyone abuses his statue ( power ) over others for sexual acts with person ( s ) , that are dependent of him or are his subordinates . 
  for example : teacher , parent , priest , adoptee ... 
  yes we have something similar and should work in theory . 
  the issue is practical though , in the form that you have to prove some sort of abuse here . 
  the evidence bar is very low but there 's still a need to prove it to some degree . 
  but sure , when there 's no economical ties ( or other that constitutes abuse of power ) then sure . 
  i 'm still not fond of the baby-part , though , and find that part sufficient . 
  but i 'm also aware of that that opinion is colored by my own feelings towards incest and is hard to argue when you compare it with a person with hereditary diseases ( assuming that there 's a strong chance that that disease hurts the child ) . 
   apologies for the accusation then   i agree that the concept of consent is connected to consciousness and therefore it does n't make sense using it for a post mortem situation . 
   but even though further agree with the corpse just being a thing i disagree with your conclusion . 
  it already matters to the still living what happens to their corpse and assets . 
  therefore testaments are a way to protect the living , not the dead - they do not need protection . 
  additionally , the remains of loved ones are a special thing to the bereaved ( no matter if or what faith ) . 
  treating them respectfully is treating them ( the living ) respectfully . 
  well here i am again , writing ... fuck . 
   therefore testaments are a way to protect the living , not the dead - they do not need protection . 
  my stance on this is : yes and no . 
  i know , i 'm very absolut in my argument !, 
   i believe that * one part * of the koncept of a testament is to make sure that the ( soon to be ) dead person feel that his body/assets are handled as he wishes even after death , to give comfort in his life . 
  for this comfort to work there 's need for the society to actually follow testaments as far as it is legally possible . 
  i would absolutely hate the idea of someone having sex with the corpses of my parents but i do n't think it should be * my * choice what happens to the body if my wish prevents my parents ' last wish . 
  an example of why i reason like this : i want to donate my corpse to science and , if possible , that the doctors harvest whatever organ they can transplant into someone else . 
  i would be very upset if i knew that my child not only was against this but also could overrule my decision . 
  therefore that part of the testament would be for * my sake * , not the living . 
  and it is very important that i know that my testament is honored . 
  i didnt downvote and i didnt agree . 
  i 've turned off karma on reddit  although i might not have been clear in where my emphasis lie .
