they have given us theft . 
  fuck the taxi drivers . 
  i can not stand that woman . 
  ... ... . . getting wet here . 
  i think it is good that they are allowed to have a referendum about this . 
  i think it shows that uk is n't like some other countries that try to avoid this . 
  i know it is sad . 
  on what do you base that argument on ? 
  he wants the ability to directly vote . 
  is that so hard to get ? 
  lying again . 
  you like to do that i have seen . 
  where is your source ? 
  i see these gypsies on the streets all over europe and in every corner of europe where i have seen them they use the same strategy to get to peoples money . 
  when do we accept that this is organised ? 
  did not the police in london investigate and come to this conclusion ? 
  what fact do you base that on ? 
  but let us vote left who are known for not liking to spy on people . 
  you are what is wrong with tis sub . 
  this might have made le pen much more popular when people notice that they are liked by other people . 
  we will see in the elections . 
  she could very much be the next president . 
  it is how it always goes when leftists get power . 
  what is happening in hungary ? 
  nothing to say . 
  he is a lying ass hole . 
   you still do n't believe that he said that . 
  i can read and he does not say what you say he said . 
  it is clear . 
  you are reading into what he is saying but he actually never said what you are claiming he did . 
   i even give you conclusive proof from a moderator warning and quoting him only proof you have given is that you are lying and making up things . 
   or here where he got a fuckign warning from the moderator for what he was saying , who quotes / u/ramblinrambo saying he wanted the boats shot . 
  the moderator says that he is '' you 're flirting with xenophobia . '' . 
  not that it is racist only that it is close to not be ok . you are here again lying . 
   even here in another one of his deleted comments ( although it 's quoted by the person underneath ) you can see he advocated shooting them , not at them . 
  he even pretty much explicitly states it 's ok in his next reply he is saying that people need to take responsibility of their decisions . 
  you are looking for things out of context . 
  i can make it sound like you have said many things by just saying that you are almost saying something . 
  stop this you are making yourself look stupid . 
  it is very clear what he says :  well if you shoot at them they 'll stop . 
  if they stop they 'll survive . 
  if they drive into the shots fired they decided to ... well kill themselves . 
  if someone shoots a warning shot , would you keep on heading towards the same direction or turn around ? 
  it is true that it is your fault if you do not stop when given a warning shot . 
  yes . 
  he is strange . 
  saving pictures of peoples comments is crazy . 
  he does not say shoot them anywhere in that link . 
  he says following . 
   i 'd have no problem to shoot that is not saying at them or them just shoot . 
  you are making things up here . 
  reading what he says he also gives reason . 
  to stop people from drowning and he sais that it is better to help them in their countries . 
  that is humane and you are lying again and saying he said something that he did not . 
  i am almost laughing that you have saved that . 
  it shows how you are a sad person . 
  you have now prooven to everyone here that you are lying . 
   he advocated shooting them , not at them . 
  you give a link with nothing like that in it . 
   he said shoot them . 
  why are you lying ? 
  i read that same discussion and he says shoot at the boats . 
  and if he had said shoot them it does not matter it still means sacrificing few to save many . 
  i do not understand why you are like this . 
  you can not talk to people without getting angry over what they say or not see what they mean . 
  i like people like this rambinrambo who say things without trying to make it nicer than it is . 
  it is refreshing . 
  people like you are bad . 
  they do not contribute to anything only want to kill debates . 
   then i have to say you may be heavily mentally impaired . 
  it looks like you think everyone that does not think like you mentally impaired . 
  i have read his comment and you are clearly letting it sound like something it is not . 
  he is saying that we need to stop the criminals who take money from poor and ship them to europe on boats that are not good . 
  many of them drown . 
  he is saying that by shooting at them it will scare the people doing this to stop . 
  saving the life and money of the people . 
  this is makes sense . 
  not a nice thing to have to do but in life we need to make hard decisions . 
  what he is saying is more humane than you thinking that it is better for criminals to use these people . 
  you are hypocritical . 
  i am new to reddit but i have already notis that this australian guy is a hypocrite . 
  for him it is not democracy when people think different than him . 
   avoid international responsibilities and the ` difficult ' decisions . 
  did n't you earlier say that you would rather save a few than many . 
  that is the hard decision and you criticised the redditor who said that he would rather sacrifice a few to save many . 
  i think you are a hypocrite . 
  yes but that is almost suicidal music . 
  merkel has said quite much lately . 
  is it just i who feels that this is a new kind of merkel we are seeing ? 
  dude ... 
  i can but not in this post as it is not about that . 
  eurosceptic is a word that does not have real meaning . 
  critical over the eu i am . 
   and you do n't like people that are n't of a ` superior race ' . 
  you have very much wrong in your head . 
  i think you have to be the worst person to discuss with here . 
  were you sleeping during the nato campaign in serbia ? 
  good night euro . 
  china will fall apart soon . 
  when their middle class is big enough it will fall apart .
