  take a leaf out of our book : keep a shotgun under the counter . 
   all hail the super naive understanding of the world !, 
  whatever you want to call it . 
   how do you think you make this money ? 
  by being totally self-sufficient ? 
  a country 's wealth is strongly influenced by trade with other nations . 
  lol in the event of a massive war , which is of course not a guarantee if america becomes isolationist , trade is being affected one way or another , i 'd rather pick the option that ends with no american casualties thank you very much  oh boy ... and egypt is such a great travel destination nowadays ... 
  plenty of places in the world to travel . 
  we already have an affinity for downtrodden places anyway , look at how popular mexico and various caribbean islands are here . 
   quite simply because the us can spend it . 
  i can spend last weeks paycheck on high class prostitutes , but should i ? 
  just because you can make a poor investment should not mean you should . 
   and that 's the idiotic part of your brain that i 'm referring to . 
  you can not be so short-sighted and think that a war in europe would not hugely affect the us economy . 
  i 'd rather it hurt our economy than our citizens . 
   the us is a descendant of general european emigrant population , but european peoples are distinct indigenous peoples with complicated histories and socio-economic differences . 
  yeah , we do n't know anything about that . 
  sounds like excuse making to me . 
  lots of bright minds over there , i 'm positive you could make it happen if you really , really wanted it . 
  moreover , it 's a real shitty business pitch . 
  if you ca n't organize to the point you 're incapable of saving yourselves , why the hell should we bother ? 
  why should we join your hypothetical bar fight ? 
  because we 'll make more money selling pool cues ? 
   and it is still the biggest democratic market in the world - having it fail or invaded is a dangerous for the entire world , especially to the us for trade relations and global democratic influence . 
  no , it is dangerous for you . 
  not me . 
   yes , but the western comfortable life is not just about living safely in the middle of your continent , but also trade trade wo n't stop happening as a result of relinquishing world police status , and even if it did , we make more than enough money to get by , and only germany is a super important trade partner in europe . 
  we make more in exports from canada ( $ 241b ) and mexico ( $ 194b ) than we do from anyone else , even china . 
  for comparison , we accept $ 636m in imports from estonia and export worth $ 390m . 
   travel unless everyone else was feeling particularly vengeful , i do n't see why tourism would be impeded . 
   global security why is it us that has to spend billions on nuclear aircraft carriers and on a blue water navy in general to make sure some fuckface pirates in africa do n't steal a cargo ship or make sure the fuckface chinese do n't build a new island in the middle of the scs ? 
   excellent , let the de facto policeman go home and watch the world burn ... not our problem , and until you can manage an adequate payment for making us see blood-boiling images like [ this ] ( http://darkroom.baltimoresun.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/reu-france3.jpg ) and [ this , ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/meuse-argonne_american_cemetery_081710.jpg ) i do n't rightly see why it should be . 
  perhaps if you federalized and got your shit together , you would n't need our help ... 
  because we choose to make it so . 
  barring an exceptionally unlikely russian and/or chinese invasion of the continental united states , we have the ability to be safe on our continent , if we so chose . 
  even the outbreak of the second world war ( or both world wars , really ) was n't enough to draw us out of our home . 
  only threats or outright attacks on our home were able to get us to join the war ( s ) . 
  however , since becoming a global hegemon , we have followed an interventionist policy . 
  nothing happens without us being involved in some capacity . 
  i am simply suggesting we say `` screw it . '', 
  should just tell everyone else to fuck off and solve their own problems, 
  you 've got more to thank him for than i do , so great idea, 
  sounds awesome to me , i 'd much rather read the recollections of a veteran of the most destructive war humanity has ever waged than the bog standard run of the mill reddit shitposts, 
  niiiiiiiiiiice . 
  great story . 
  best wishes to you and yours, 
  only 27k ? 
  pfft , casuals . 
  we interned over 100k japanese americans without a trial , get on our level, 
  what does your grandpa think about wasps being buried in arlington ? 
  we do n't have racism here anymore either , ever since we elected obama . 
  vietcong disagree, 
   feinstein law . 
  its got its ups and downs, 
  once you pop the fun do n't stop, 
  i hear they have an excellent orchestra, 
  call to arms , banners fly in the wind, 
  [ mayonnaise ? 
  ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/kids-grumpy-clint-eastwood-lvtks6f1watq4 ), 
  eh , you can notice trends . 
  if you 'd tell me there is n't a massive current of anti-americanism within europe since the iraq invasion , i 'd tell you that you ca n't tell which way the wind is blowing . 
  that said , eastern europeans are much much much much much better about it . 
  fwiw i 'm with you on this . 
  i have no desire to pay in money or american blood to solve what is ultimately europe 's problem . 
  especially since you just * know * europe will go back to shitting on us for whatever reason after we wrap up our hypothetical war . 
  europeans always talk about how they 're totes capable of fighting russia by themselves and they do n't really need us , so let 's see them put their money where their big mouths are . 
  we 'd cut our own dicks off if it helped fight communism , it seems . 
  yeah , we do n't drink nearly as much as you guys , interestingly enough . 
  then again , who needs booze when you 've got crystal meth, 
  'cause being a douche is my forte , i see an opportunity for passive aggressive sarcasm and i just lose all control !, 
  i 'm not so sure about us being a liberal nation , but hey !, 
  actually , the us is one of the lowest on [ the list ] ( http://www.wineinstitute.org/files/world_per_capita_wine_consumption_revised_nov_2015.pdf ) , though there are a few countries in between germany and the us . 
  we do have a reason to be part of the list though , because like others have said , the graph was made by an american , for american consumption , by an american wine stats website , for an american press company . 
  it 's a comparison , for us , that is also interesting for you guys . 
  it 's 100 % real , you can check !, 
  do n't make us come back there , italy . 
  when president donald j. trump lands our armies on their shores we will be greeted as liberators, 
  it 's only natural to want to see how you stack up against god 's chosen country, 
  believe it or not the us is part of the world, 
  i know denmark uses the leopard but i thought poland 's mbt is the twardy ? 
  or is that old ? 
  why are you being downvoted ? 
  nazi tanks post pz . 
  iv were dogshit . 
  `` civilized nations '' are n't hegemons . 
  the u.s. military is in a position completely unique in the world today . 
  either we have a massive defense budget , or we give up hegemon status . 
  it 's certainly possible , but you guys have fantastic tanks , except possibly for poland , who may very well have an excellent tank model but i do n't know enough about it to say definitively . 
  should n't discount your achievements . 
  we always get away with it , perk of the job, 
   you do not want that . 
  the usg obviously does n't want to leave entirely , but there is a desire to `` pivot to the pacific '' and while we 're reinforcing europe , installing anti-ballistic missile defense systems , conducting large exercises , ect . 
  that becomes impossible to do in earnest . 
  our eyes are on the south china sea and our obligations in asia and the pacific right now . 
   as i said - to the point it would be an opposing force . 
  i 'm confused by what you mean here . 
  the usg , at least outwardly , has expressed support for a europe with power to rival our own . 
  if we wanted a weak eu , why speak against brexit ? 
  um , no we do n't . 
  obama himself is pro-federal europe .
