  i do n't know if you are paying much attention to the u.s. elections , but if you are , you 'd know that trump is currently under siege by both the republican and democrat political establishment , both of whom hate trump . 
  if trump becomes president , he must work within a system of checks and balances from the legislative and judicial branches of our government . 
  his actual executive power is fairly limited . 
  this is why president obama has struggled to accomplish some of the things he set out to do , like close guantanamo bay , or reform healthcare , for example . 
  republican obstructionism got in his way . 
  if president trump would be a bad thing for the rest of the world , it would be mostly via divisive rhetoric . 
  if he poses a threat , that threat is by far greatest to the american people . 
  he would control who is appointed to the supreme court , for instance . 
  in my view , hillary clinton , a candidate well liked within the current establishment , has a far better chance of enacting policy , for better or for worse . 
  welcome to the alt-right , enjoy your stay . 
  lol , who 's trump gon na nuke ? 
  they already suck our dicks , may as well formalize it . 
  probably the rise of the internet and 24 hour news media cycles , giving every tom , dick and harry a voice and every crazy thing said in any small town becomes national news . 
  it 's always been like that , even before our nation was a nation with the patriots vs. the loyalists . 
  we have an unhealthy mix of both here . 
  the right wing does n't believe bush did 9/11 , but the left wing does n't believe that obama is a secret kenyan muslim . 
  truly , the best of both worlds . 
  i 've never seen butthurt on this scale before , this is truly amazing . 
  hyperbole ? 
  on * reddit ? 
  * no way . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  i mean you can laugh it off , but seeing the police warning people to be nice on twitter or expect a visit from them was pretty scary , tbh . 
  the point was that the military was n't beaten in the field , and the war was lost due to factors beyond the control of the combat infantryman . 
   a bunch of jungle illiterates were able to inflict massive damage on the us military , firstly , those jungle illiterates were an experienced fighting force backed by both the soviet union and china working towards a coordinated and deliberate strategy in a land filled with concealment that they knew well , and had fought in previously . 
  if the taliban had superpower funding , migs and sam 's our afghanistan would have ended up a bit differently too . 
   if american soldiers were n't returning home in coffins or wheel chairs in large numbers , there would have probably been far less opposition to the war . 
  of course , americans are squeamish about taking casualties . 
  however , that is only one part of the objections . 
  we only took heavy casualties from '67 to ' 69 , but the war was objected to before that . 
  it was seen as racist , imperialist , illegal , immoral , and `` not our problem . '', 
  on top of that , the draft was massively unpopular , and american counterculture was growing . 
  the american public ended the vietnam war , not north vietnamese weaponry . 
  take the tet offensive for example . 
  the north vietnamese dashed themselves against the rocks of american firepower . 
  it was a complete disaster . 
  however , back in the united states , the battle was perceived as a loss , and swung public opinion even more against the war . 
   considering the technical differences between the us forces and the nva , the us should have been able to steamroll those commies with minimal casualties . 
  they did . 
  look up us casualties vs. nv casualties . 
  the difference is staggering , no matter which source you deem to be accurate . 
  read up on the major battles , where us troops won victory after victory . 
  the north did not have the power to defeat the us conventionally , and they knew it , too . 
  the us actively sought massive battles , and rarely did the nv ever oblige . 
   yes , the soviets did fuck up in afghanistan , one would have thought it should have been a lesson for the us to stay on its ass back in 2001 , but it obviously was n't . 
  they simply tried the impossible , and we followed suit . 
  change in the middle east will have to be organic . 
   on the other hand , since the collapse of the su , especially after putin took power , russia has been mostly successful in its military adventures . 
  it finished of chechnya and it achieved its goals in georgia and ukraine . 
  this is true , but also an entirely different ball game . 
   speaking of politics , one could consider that as the us military 's biggest weakness . 
  the us has a low tolerance for casualties ... 
  absolutely , 100 % correct . 
  america never fights defensive wars , it 's always in some far away land . 
  we even got a little weary towards the end of world war 2 , so you 're absolutely right . 
  for better or worse , we 'll never die in the millions for someone else . 
  this fact , coupled with 4 year presidential terms , makes protracted war that is not supported by a united populace virtually impossible . 
  this reality is incredibly obvious looking at vietnam . 
  that 's in # 1 , but i keep that one in between von clausewitz and sun tzu on the shelf . 
  the politics surrounding each of those wars were far more important wrt their outcomes than any of the battles fought in the field . 
  the military did their jobs in each of those conflicts with great effectiveness . 
  you might as well look at the soviets afghanistan excursion and conclude their military sucks because they did n't win . 
  do n't you dare threaten me with a good time, 
  you can try , but i 'm warning you now , i 've seen home alone 2 at least 10 times . 
  we do n't have the largest military , we have the best military , big difference, 
  cali and texas are good choices though, 
  come and take it !, 
  you do not want anything to do with em, 
  blaze it, 
  say the word , i 'd love to leave , 
  you ready for some manifest destiny ? 
  the meme war will be the war to end all wars, 
  you forget the uk . 
  why should we have all the fun politicizing horrific tragedies ? 
  that comment was tongue in cheek . 
  you were n't supposed to take it literally . 
  man , are you * sure * europe does n't have tin foil stock i can invest in ? 
  i 'd double my net worth over night at this rate !, 
  do you really think dice forgot france ? 
  that 's retarded, 
  out of pure curiosity , which brand do you use ? 
  any good european tin foil stocks i can invest in ? 
  not always . 
  tho i am being reminded of star wars battlefront , which is concerning, 
   `` the french army is present in the single player campaign , explained to the french world by julien wera , strategic director of swedish studio dice , which is developing the game . 
  for multiplayer , the french army had such an important role in the first world war we wanted to do special treatment , which required more time , so they will be playable , but after the launch of the game , in an extension that will be dedicated to this army . '', 
  - dice stay salty tho yuropoors , i like reading your butthurt, 
   is like saying all americans will shoot you if you do n't like apple pie . 
  we * will * shoot you if you do n't like apple pie , fucking commies, 
  whatever , an honest mistake . 
  that turkish headline tho ... 
  it 's not even a blip on the radar , that 's my point, 
  `` uh oh , a bunch of non-citizens stood around and chanted for a bit , better completely revamp our entire foreign policy . '', 
  do n't waste your weekend achieving nothing , stay home and watch the games or something, 
  this would be funnier to me if we did n't need the russians to get to the iss, 
  guess the world will never know peace then , kek, 
   currently this is the us , but russia is winning the infowar , as can be seen by your isolationist mindset which seems to be more prevalent in the general american sentiment these days . 
  it 's not russia winning , it 's europe losing . 
  we are no fonder of the russians than we ever were , you 're just losing favor because the roi on defending europe is slowly being seen as inadequate , amongst other things . 
   which is interesting because supporting isolationist tendencies in the us has been part of [ russia 's foreign policy ideology ] ( http://www.4pt.su/en/content/aleksandr-dugin%e2%80%99s-foundations-geopolitics ) .
