i was talking to a german , who ca n't use nazi iconography outside of educational purposes and such . 
  not at all , those flags get flown everywhere, 
  that 's not a ban, 
  it 's part of my overarching point of america often choosing to err on the side of personal freedoms and responsibility rather than the government getting too involved , which europe often does differently . 
  while obviously not directly analogous to nazism , we did n't ban the confederate battle flag or confederate imagery , even though that shit is toxic as fuck and a symbol of treason , because that would be considered unconstitutional . 
  policing hate speech on twitter , censorship of art , heavily restrictive laws against firearm ownership , all things majority of americans find distasteful because of our culture . 
  [ fair enough . 
  ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/642c/production/_89044652_untitled-1.jpg ), 
  it 's not a contradiction at all , your countryman up above expressed that nobody in europe gives a fuck about guns , and i believe that , because you express that through your laws and opinions , but 919 upvotes and 910 comments later it 's clear you love to read and talk about them , even if you do n't care . 
  this is really simple shit , guy . 
  no . . i 've made it clear things that i care about do n't include europe . 
  you guys simply do n't have much of an effect of my life for me to . 
  i read about a lot of things , and i do n't necessarily care about them . 
  well it 's usually the content i leave comments on , but no . 
  again , * i come to / r/europe to learn about things i would n't ordinarily have the opportunity to know about *, 
  i only care about europe insofar as it pertains to america , you 're irrelevant to me otherwise . 
  like i said , i come here to learn stuff that i would n't otherwise because our news is us centric . 
  lol how so ? 
  do i need to have a vested interest in shaping europe in our image to have any use for / r/europe ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't give a shit about your laws , i 'm not trying to change them . 
  i 'm never going to visit so it 'll never effect me . 
  i 'm just defending the 2nd . 
  good source of news , historical fact and public opinions . 
  you really think i give a shit about what laws you put on the books ? 
  it does n't have any bearing on my life . 
  actually , if anything it 's for the best y' all do n't have guns . 
  none of that is true and it 's hilarious that you made an alt to whine about america, 
  nobody in america cares if you have guns or not , including me, 
  but i 'm not trying to get you to change your laws lol, 
  lol , are you anti gun or anti kinder egg ? 
  the ban is dumb , but nobody here gives a shit about kinder eggs in the first place, 
  the only gunshots i ever heard were the ones i and other law abiding americans made ourselves at a shooting range , excellent times with good friends were had . 
  yep , we 're willing to accept risks for personal freedom . 
  same reason i can ply video games with swastikas and you ca n't . 
  secondhand smoke kills 4 times more per year, 
  it 's pretty funny to me sometimes how ignorant we can be about each other sometimes despite how far tech has come , europeans think we 're getting mowed down by fully automatic drive-bys all day while we think packs of ravenous refugees descend upon the local populations after dark every night like rape vampires or something . 
  and we trip over the bodies of those slain by random gun violence every day on the way to work, 
  i 'd guess that it 's because you channel all your rage into butthurt comments on the internet , that 's commendable, 
  wow , you must have a lot of shootings then !!, 
  or i could just own guns and shoot at paper and soda bottles until the end of time and suffer no negative repercussions to it at all except receiving butthurt internet comments about like 99 % of gun owners in america, 
  oh yeah , we 'll kill the shit out of you . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  the only reason i give a shit at all is because these morons will probably make it harder for me to get my own gun in a roundabout way . 
  emperor trump will ban opinions after the 2019 conquest of eurabia, 
  sorta . 
  america grew into it as much as the uk lost it . 
  while they lost colonial holdings in the pacific , we gained power there . 
  uk gave it away just fine ( members of the public having second thoughts notwithstanding ), 
   i understand this point of view . 
  but from the point of view of the people who control things in the backstage , i do n't see how us deliberately leaving all of its military bases in the rimland would make any sense . 
  because if you 're no longer interested in interventionist policies and power projection , those bases become useless . 
   the reason why western europe does n't need to be capable of world domination is because usa already took that role . 
  well i personally wan na pull a george washington and voluntarily step down . 
   do you believe that us will be able to project its economic power in the same way as before , while massively withdrawing all of its military from all around the world ? 
  no , of course not . 
  the degree to which a withdrawal would hurt america is debatable , but honestly , what does gdp mean to me ? 
  if america pulls in 10 trillion instead of the usual 16 , what do i care ? 
  how does that help me , a simple cog in the geopolitical machine ? 
  america is large enough , industrious enough , and innovative enough to satisfy the needs of all of her citizens with our without our hegemon status . 
  after all , america would n't simply shut down the country , we 'd still trade . 
   i think that not only us will not do that , but that it ca n't afford to do that . 
  we wo n't do it , because like you allude to in the next sentence , why throw away all the gains of the past century ? 
  running shit has its perks , true . 
  however , as many europeans are quick to point out , you do n't need to have a military capable of world domination and an incredible amount of military influence to be a successful nation . 
  just look at scandinavia . 
   then you have n't a full respect for the history of europe and the world at large . 
  peace , prosperity , what we 've managed to accomplish is a fragile thing . 
  on the contrary , i 'm well versed in it , which is why i want nothing to do with protecting the world at large . 
  america has ( or should have , more accurately ) no responsibility to get caught up in bloodbaths around the world . 
   to your goal of reducing the militaries largess : it 's possible for america to scale-back it 's military capacity through the increased burden-sharing with it 's partners around the world . 
  but this requires those leaders to take the charge with a serious vigor . 
  we could scale back the military tomorrow . 
  we wo n't of course , but we could . 
  how the rest of the world responds would be up to them . 
  many of you seem confident in the concept of a eu/european only defense of europe . 
  why not put that to the test ? 
   the abandonment of nato , geopolitical advantage , technical advantage , and force-projection in an effort to save money is a fools errand that will cost you more in the long-run . 
  saving money is but one of the benefits of abandoning nato from my perspective . 
   peace and stability are no easy thing . 
  it 's already unlikely humanity will survive past the next century given the threats we face . 
  abandoning the only global order to have ever brought prosperity to billions and peace between nations at this time , and for those reasons you outlined , is the definition of shortsightedness and reactionary politics . 
  hegemons have rose and fallen before , and can do so again . 
  america is in an excellent position , no country on earth is capable of waging a successful war on our own soil . 
  our security is all but guaranteed . 
  the defense of other nations is a matter that should be left to those respective nations . 
  if war replaces the peace , i do not see how that is our problem . 
  the only exceptions to this that i see are japan , who is forced to rely on us protection by us insistence post-war , and south korea , which is sort of stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  i 'm sure pax americana sounds fuckin ' sweet to you , but it 's less appealing on my side of the world . 
  nothing you say is untrue , however , your argument is predicated on the presumption that all americans are in favor of the status quo . 
  some , including myself , are in favor of an isolationist role . 
  i do n't care about american hegemony or geopolitical interests . 
  i want to see a large scale reduction in american military size . 
  i have no desire to see my countrymen die in shithole deserts or possibly europe . 
  if abandoning nato causes a large decrease in american power projection , geopolitical influence , military capability and the recreation of a multi polar world , good fucking riddance i say . 
  good , we 're in agreement !, 
  let us write our leaders !, 
  the joke was that the brexit is 100 % against american interests and if what you said was true we 'd be bombing the piss out of you . 
  that said , good on you for supporting the eu . 
   to bomb into submission anybody who gets in the way of uncle sam 's interests .
