  you heard it here first , folks , humans do n't have human rights !, 
   your american government decides the limits of free speech , just as european governments do . 
  if you want to argue that rights are man made and not god given , fine , i 'd agree with you . 
  but the cornerstone of western societies is the freedom which our governments allow us . 
   i understand you think you have more freedom but your insane incarceration rate proves you otherwise . 
  lol , dat butthurt . 
  look , i 'm not going to stand here and pretend that the war on drugs is some awesome shit , but you tell me what 's scarier , here ; being locked up because you became heavily involved with drugs , or being locked up because you hurt someones feelings over twitter . 
  sorry son , but that 's a no-brainer . 
   as you said below , this should be filed under `` cultural differences '' . 
  do i put that before the entry for `` burying people up to their necks in sand and throwing rocks at their heads until they die as a form of punishment '' , or afterwards ? 
  sorry , but i 'm willing to file tzatziki sauce vs. mayonnaise under `` cultural differences '' , not the erosion of human rights . 
  i 'm usually pretty good with cultural differences but my god this is mind boggling . 
  you * do * realize that arresting someone for asking someone to `` explain brussels '' and arresting someone for calling someone a towelhead are hardly different at all , and both things are absolutely reprehensible and terrifying attacks on the human right of free speech , do n't you ? 
  yes , and the very same world trade center that was destroyed in 2001 was even before , for the same reasons it was hit again on 9/11 . 
  but , as you correctly noted , nothing like 9/11 had ever happened before . 
  it was n't until that day that the world collectively recognized the threat posed by islamic terrorism . 
  nobody had ever truly comprehended how devoted to destroying western civilization as we know it these people really are . 
  the father of justin time, 
  dumbledore would n't kill a fly , do n't assassinate his character like that, 
  and i 'd do it again if you gave me the chance, 
  yeah man , i 'll shoot at anything missing a pulse, 
  i mean if they wanted some video of an american shooting a koran all they had to do was ask, 
  we get used to it after a while, 
  if that 's humor to you , no wonder germans have such a terrible comedic reputation, 
  whatever you say . 
   your entire country has been founded by genociding an entire innocent group of people . 
  that 's not really how that went down . 
  most native americans were killed by diseases unwittingly transferred by european settlers . 
  americans do n't really get their hands truly dirty until indian removal in the early 1800 's , decades after the revolution , and that 's more of an ethnic cleansing than a genocide , because the objective was the removal of native populations from their homelands for manifest destiny-style westward expansion , not the intentional murder of the native population . 
  intent is the difference there . 
  if you wanted to talk shit accurately , you could say that the states were built on the backs of the enslaved and the oppressed , referencing shit like the atlantic slave trade , the horrific price paid by chinese-americans building the transcontinental railroad , ect . 
  hostility to the u.s. government is for all intents and purposes hostility to the u.s. itself , especially considering the u.s. government is democratically elected and therefore represents the people . 
  i 'm sure north korea is a nice place ( geographically ) and i 'm sure it 's citizens are really just normal people in a shit situation , but i fucking hate their government and thus you could n't describe me as anything but anti-north korean . 
  that said , i feel it 's obvious that there 's a difference between hostility and simple disagreement . 
  looooool , go ahead , see how that works out for you . 
  yeah but those illegal migrants are badass , very family oriented hard workers that do the shit jobs to keep society running smoothly and assimilate well . 
   how is europe going to react to a trump presidency ? 
  poorly . 
  i just want their costs, 
   europe is the only place globally where us policy has as a rule been beneficial to the people/governments there . 
  not true , just the shining example . 
  jesus christ my fellow americans , we 're being out americaned by the finns , get it together . 
  well i said two weeks thinking 24 hour days , not work weeks , so sorry if that 's throwing you off . 
  according to the article , 258 less hours p/y, 
  a whopping two less weeks !, 
  europe so stronk !, 
  it 's always a joke , and you guys always fall for it, 
  trade ya, 
  london has fallen, 
  so fuck off , then, 
  besides the americans that died ? 
  even if nobody had died , the point is to keep it that way . 
  he is very obviously worried about the safety of american citizens overseas , who are being targeted with violence , just like the state department is . 
  why are you struggling to make a connection ? 
  that 's the most hilarious caricature of mitch mcconnell i 've ever seen, 
  `` poor old germany . 
  too big for europe , too small for the world '', 
  we can tan just fine up here in the northeast , fake tanners are just douches, 
  you can check out any time you like, 
  are you shitting me ? 
  not * one * president before bj visited denmark ? 
  that 's wild . 
  yeah , it 's going pretty fuckin ' great, 
  / r/murica !, 
  but i think he meant denmark . 
  well that 's the thing , is n't it ? 
  i 'd imagine your excellent description of the lapdog metaphor is exactly how one would feel about a close working relationship with an unbalanced power dynamic they fundamentally disagree with , no ? 
  it 's a disparaging term , but it 's not inaccurate . 
  the same way `` special relationship '' is very celebratory , but also not inaccurate . 
  whatever you 'd say about it depends on your pov . 
  c'mon dude , we both know that a pattern has been established , here . 
  i can point to everything ( and that 's a * lot of fucking things * ) about the '' [ special relationship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_relationship ) . '', 
  you need to disprove a trend , and you ca n't do that with one example . 
  you could say something like `` americans and brits hate each other ! '', 
  and then point to the fuckin ' suez crisis or something , but you have n't proven a thing !, 
  you 've just shown that there are exceptions to the rule , which is no shock to literally anyone because americans and brits are not the same . 
  you would have done better to say brexit , which was clearly against american interests , way more than non-participation in a bombing run is . 
  you still have an entire post-ww2 relationship to explain away . 
  okay mr. mensa , let 's hear it from a certified genius , what makes the uk = us lapdog idea bunk ? 
  i put the same amount of effort in as you did , even used the same `` nuh-uh '' argument . 
  it 's really not tho, 
  top middle . 
  it 's got latin , bitches , and burning castles . 
  cool . 
  our pawns are still doing work in syria , and in any case they 've got about two weeks to enjoy it , considering clinton is going to be elected soon and nail putins tiny nutsack to the wall . 
  obama is weak on foreign policy , clinton will not make the same mistake . 
  because china is the # 1 threat to american hegemony . 
  russia is just a noisy baby . 
  y' all are persona non grata at the moment , you 'll get shit on for everything you do , and things that you do n't do , too . 
  if it were up to me you already would n't be able to , so best get a move on, 
  if not for the ramp and the smoke she 'd be gorgeous tbh, 
  in case an argie wants to fuck around and get dunked on, 
  but the brits do , and they are the authors intended audience . 
  do n't worry friends , i will laugh on your behalf, 
  you are too good for the internet , get off now while you 're still a nice person, 
  \\* side-eye *, 
  do whatever you 'd like , dude . 
  that 's how i felt reading all these comments myself . 
  but nothing you wrote changes the reality of naval supremacy . 
  fuck 'em up , boys .
