  he ca n't leave the facility , big fucking whoop . 
  he should be fucking ** dead . 
   how is that the same thing ? 
  sitting around inside playing video games is people 's idea of a good time for a day , a week or a month , not forever , your entire life , without ever leaving the room again . 
  that takes it from a good time to a very bad time , how the fuck can you not get that ? 
  because being forced to stay indoors is a punishment for naughty children , not mass murdering terrorists . 
  in comparison to literally anything else , that punishment is light as fuck . 
   it 's justice because the man is too dangerous to be left free in society . 
  it 's also punishment . 
  it 's not revenge . 
  killing him is revenge because it is neither justice nor a real punishment yeah i agree , far too dangerous to be left in society . 
  remove him , permanently . 
  not only is killing him justice , it 's punishment , and the only evidence to the contrary is your insistence , but i do n't know about you , but if i had a choice between being killed , or living in 3 different rooms with all rent , utilities and living essentials paid for by the government , spending the rest of my days fucking around on the computer and playing ps4 , i 'd choose the latter , and so would anybody reading this , including you . 
   unless your idea of justice is eye for an eye ( we kinda moved past that ) . 
  i do n't know why you 'd think that . 
  we deem it acceptable to kill other people all the time for one reason or another , you just drew a line here because you think it makes you better people . 
   you must value freedom pretty low if you think that 's true . 
  having freedom is way more important than you think , imagine only living in your yard for 1 hour per day and in your room for the rest of the time , day in and day out with no possibility to leave ever again . 
  sitting around inside playing video games all day all expenses paid is millions of peoples idea of a good time . 
  timothy mcveigh bombed a federal building and killed over 150 people and got killed via lethal injection , osama bin laden masterminded the 9/11 attacks responsible for the deaths of almost 3,000 people and got shot in the head by a seal team . 
  anders breivik murdered 77 people in cold blood and got to play playstation and make gingerbread houses . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's a joke to me . 
   on the other hand , if he gets killed , its relatively quick and painless , that 's it , no suffering no nothing . 
  the guy wo n't know he 's dead or feel some kind of remorse , he just wo n't exist anymore . 
  that 's objectively better for him . 
  woah man , sounds like imprisonment is n't very humane !, 
  that 's not justice , that 's revenge !, 
  until you can kill a guy more than once , their life for the 70 + taken is adequate . 
  and really , if being in prison is as bad as you think it is , you 'd be doing him a kindness !, 
   you can not ever make it `` adequate '' so we just might behave like human beings , even towards people who did not . 
  there 's that arbitrary criteria again . 
  you 'll draw the line at caging him for the rest of his life like an animal , figuratively having his life ended by the state , but * literally * ending his life is inhumane ? 
  who 's to say that the concept of imprisonment is n't inhumane ? 
  in reality , every breath of air , every bite of food , every drop of water , every watt of energy that anders breivik consumes is a waste . 
  i 'm sorry , but i literally just can not fathom the mindset of not being able to leave one of your three rooms is an adequate punishment for murdering over 70 people in a cold blooded terrorist attack . 
  if the u.s. government hypothetically sentenced timothy mcveigh or osama bin laden to life instead of death you 'd see the fires burning from all the way in poland . 
  some men are just monsters . 
  i mean god , the guy did a fuckin ' hitler salute at the court . 
  i do n't see how either are those things are true . 
  breivik has daily access to an exercise yard , can play video games , watch tv and read newspapers , has a computer without internet access , can prepare his own food and do his own washing , has phone conversations with a `` female friend '' , has contact with prison staff , lawyers , a priest , and health professionals , has declined to play chess with volunteers and built a gingerbread house as part of a prison competition . 
  what part of that , exactly , is not `` chilling out ? '', 
  as to the world being a better place , i fail to see how a world where anders breivik does n't exist is n't a better place . 
  i guess we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  and letting a heinous mass murderer chill out and play video games for the rest of his life is your personal view of what justice is , and fits into your own arbitrary criteria of what is `` right '' . 
  you ca n't bring people back but you could make the world a better place via addition by subtraction . 
  i 'd love to , but they blew up the bridges . 
  true , true, 
  they have tremendous image problems here , too . 
  it 's appalling that a nation of nearly 400 million people ca n't find a candidate that is n't embarrassing, 
  some of our older , more religious folks believe some absolutely wacky shit . 
  we have museums with displays depicting the co-existence of humans and dinosaurs . 
  i must have missed that , i guess , lol, 
  you 'll make a fine state , comrade, 
  just like [ old times !, 
  ] ( https://todayinhistoryblog.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/elbe3.jpg ), 
  if european nations were actually the vassal states you seem to think they are because of u.s. troops , i actually would be pro-nato . 
  what , you do n't eat cheez whiz and wonder bread sandwiches every day ? 
  all of our choices are fucking trash , so buckle up because no matter what a moron is going to be potus in 2016, 
  reddit , like the other armchair geopoliticians, 
  obama 2.0, 
  always admired germany for banning it, 
  i stand by it , but fair enough . 
  my bad , wo n't happen again . 
   yes , and they also display no willingness whatsoever to go out of their way to avoid wars that will necessarily produce civilian casualties in the first place . 
  if anything , war is their go-to means to throw at almost any problem , they are willing to spend trillions and trillions of dollars and thousands of human lives on it , and the only thing restraining them is popular dissent ( that they are spying on us precisely in order to eradicate ) . 
  is this a joke or what ? 
   actually it 's very comparable , the latter tactics are the only available means of war for people fighting an empire without a conventional army . 
  no , it 's not , and no , it 's not . 
  you are excusing terrorism . 
  collateral damage is simply part of war . 
  it is terrible when it happens , but the only possible way to avoid it is avoid war in its entirety . 
  the united states , and western armies in general , go out of their way to limit civilian casualties . 
  for example , [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/dhyybkyje4a?t=4m15s ) is a video of an ah-64 apache hunting dicks in the desert . 
  despite having a clear shot at the group , the pilots wait until they 're clear of any probable civilian interference before attacking . 
  comparing military actions waged against combatants and hijacking civilian airlines for the purpose of using them as missiles against civilian buildings is a non starter . 
  again , if you think he 's coming with the sole intention of influencing the brexit , you 're delusional . 
  he 's can do that in his pj 's from home . 
  you 're right , presidents never visit and give their take on current events . 
  unprecedented . 
  even still , his actual physical presence makes no difference whatsoever , and his visit was happening , brexit vote or no . 
  it 's his last visit as president , not some emergency visit to prevent a leave vote , as if his feet being on your soil has any bearing whatsoever on the discussion . 
  [ yeah , he did . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scottish-independence/11103256/barack-obama-tells-scotland-stay-united.html ) because that is his job . 
  if you think that the president of the united states of america is n't going to make public statements about events that could seriously hurt not only one of our closest allies but the economic union that represents nearly the entire western world , you 're out of your mind . 
  if you insist . 
  i mean if you want to take a tongue in cheek comment seriously by all means , but world leaders often voice opinions and make suggestions , because that 's how international politics work , dummy . 
  actually , it would n't be a regular day on the internet if i did n't see foreigners constantly posting opinions about how america should be run . 
  it really all depends . 
  nobody reacts well to being called fat , but many people , like me , do n't give a fuck about fat people . 
  if you want to eat like crazy and balloon up , by all means . 
  after all , i smoke like a pack a day and do a lot of drugs , how could i criticize someone elses poor health/lifestyle choices ? 
  i do n't see them too often , but you will see them . 
  fatties are everywhere though , and i live in a fairly healthy state . 
  when i went to texas it was teeming with them , like 1 fat person for every 2 average sized people . 
  goddamned right we are, 
  not up to me , is it ? 
  the topic is heating up , or so it seems , so we 'll see . 
   one boat ? 
  you think it 's only one boat ? 
  what to think about all the self financed radar stations tracking all the boats , being pretty much the only place giving that information in that area .
