  i do n't mean to dump on canada or anything but it 's definitely a country that is facing some pretty big issues . 
  liberals in america do n't look north for healthcare answers anymore , and it 's gon na take a lot for conservatives to abandon their fiscally conservative worldview . 
  it 's not just your dollar , though that is obviously a factor . 
  canada is n't in the greatest of spots right now though , why not use yourselves as examples ? 
  hahaha you guys get up to some crazy shit, 
  man , and i thought i hated patriots fans . 
  by european standards we just have creative differences . 
  so wait , it 's illegal except if you 're jewish ? 
  to my knowledge it was banned a few years ago , i could be mistaken tho, 
  not in germany, 
  looks a bit like cadpat, 
  oh western constitutions , how i love thee, 
  oh man , zoids were awesome back in the day, 
   so did capitalism . 
  even more maybe . 
  take a look at what capitalist regimes had done through the history . 
  prove it . 
  teach me something , if you can . 
   so what ? 
  you have backed them , supported them , financed them , armed them . 
  yeah , and ? 
  so what ? 
  i tried to teach you something about how running the world is done , up to you if you want to listen or not . 
  the golden goose is on the loose and never out of season, 
  i 'm korean son of a bitch american american is pig do you want a hamburger ? 
  do you want a pizza ? 
  american is pig disgusting george walker bush is a murderer fucking u.s.a, 
   good little hiding place in my home which at the moment is occupied by a baseball bat . 
  can someone lock this dangerous lunatic up ?!, 
   still the shooter managed to take out 12 or so ( also armed ) police officers and nobody could do anything against him until the brought some explosives robot haha , it 's not like they * could n't * have done something , they just chose not to . 
  it 's not like when shots ring out in a public place a klaxon rings out and we all form lines and fire off volleys . 
  even if i was armed myself in that kind of scenario , i 'd be doing what everybody else in that scenario would be doing ; getting the fuck outta there . 
  i do n't wan na be a hero and i definitely do n't wan na die in the attempt . 
  when americans reference using guns for self defense , it is almost always a reference to keeping guns in the home . 
  i believe that 's correct, 
  concealed carriers in the us are one of the most law abiding groups of people in the country, 
  you 're thinking of dallas i assume, 
  what has been will be again , what has been done will be done again ; there is nothing new under the sun . 
  ugh , how could i ? 
  the us `` supported '' them because they were n't communists , the same way francisco franco was allowed to stay in power in spain because he was n't a communist . 
  the us is n't a fan of fascism . 
  that 's like saying we 're a fan of islamic theocracies because we back saudi arabia . 
   capitalism made even more to suffer no it did n't , are you high ? 
  communism and fascism have a body count in hundreds of millions . 
  capitalism is best , obviously . 
  and lol at comparing the us to a fascist regime, 
  i do n't believe in any religion, 
  hey hey , only we get to illegally annex hawaii , get your own gig !, 
  that 's what you 'd want us to think , is n't it ? 
  you never showed me a good fascist . 
  mussolini and ciano got the fate all fascists deserve . 
  gtfo, 
  show me a good fascist and i 'll show you a unicorn, 
  all nazi 's are fascists , so i 'll say it again , fuck fascism . 
  it 's wunderbar !, 
  that makes them responsible for the new england patriots and the red sox , which i will hold against them . 
  fuck fascism , fuck communism, 
  dude , we have freedom of religion here because of excessive european religious persecution . 
  you guys just * love * that shit , and you 're carrying on the tradition here , too . 
  i do n't mean to shit fling or anything but seriously now, 
   erdogan is more like republicans in the us i thought you were n't allowed to insult erdogan ? 
  oh we do n't need any help with that, 
  must have been a jaw dropper, 
  [ never !, 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/columbia_ ( name \\ ) ), 
  columbia, 
  yes but i am also oprah, 
  times like these i wish i 'd won the lottery, 
   we are interested in perjury , i.e. 
  provable court established lies maybe you are , i do n't know where you got this from tho . 
  her * husband * perjured himself , she 's just a garden variety liar , but that 's what we were talking about from the beginning . 
   not what your opinion or common opinions are on where and when she lied not opinions , facts . 
   i do n't really follow every detail of american politics i gathered that  would be something trump would prepend in his every speech i 'd imagine his attack would sound something like `` crooked hillary '' or something to that effect, 
  then he eats babies , has nothing to do with her being a liar . 
  she is a liar . 
  it 's not up for debate at all . 
  she may be the better candidate , but the fact that she is a liar is unquestionable . 
  she has been caught in many lies . 
  is n't this that monument that a drunk person fell off the top of and died ? 
  it would never get to that point . 
  wrong , all that to prosecute two former politicians , but it 's such a delusional fantasy i would n't worry about it, 
  i do n't think you understand the ramifications of giving another nation casus belli . 
  europe is n't dumb enough to risk a major international incident that would damage relations for decades for a move that would accomplish nothing . 
   read history on world war i and how it began . 
  all of the entangled alliances in europe basically dragged everyone in . 
  glad you feel like laughing at all the civilians who died in the iraq war . 
  you 're an asshole . 
  i 'm laughing at you and your retarded comparisons , make no mistake . 
  nation building in iraq is a far fuckin ' cry from `` the war to end all wars . '', 
   the gulf war did have to do with ego . 
  no , it was about middle eastern nation building . 
   but they did n't need to get involved fine , but then i do n't want to hear them complain when i call them shit allies . 
   and the us did n't need to drag all these other allies in , when they did n't even need them in the first place we did n't `` drag ' them anywhere , they helped of their own volition , because they 're not shitty allies . 
   but trying to force every country 's ally into a war when two countries go to war is how large-scale international conflicts are started . 
  we did n't try to force them to do anything . 
  if we did , they 'd have been in iraq . 
   yeah , iraq did n't have a bunch of allies to call on , but if they did , it would have been a much different story . 
  lololol , no it would n't , the body count would just be higher . 
  who the fuck do you think would oppose the united states and most of the western world at behest of iraq ? 
   while i would never wish that wwi and wwii happened , because of it europe has a much better cultural sense of the costs of war than those of us in the us , and they have a better understanding of why it 's important to not jump into every fucking conflict around the globe bullshit .
