  france is n't popular in the us period, 
  just joking m8, 
  that 's what someone who was secretly holding on to a portion of our nuclear arsenal would want you to think, 
  muslim rooskies with oil ... 
  yeah i know , i was actually talking with some dudes about it below this . 
  got ta settle for those memorial day air shows, 
  if we 're being fair we united 50 different countries and said `` this is us deal with it '', 
  and i think that 's a big reason why we * do n't * do it . 
  shame , 'cause they 're super badass . 
  not just then , many of our games have flyovers . 
  they 're a staple of college football for us . 
  still , as much as i love the sound of 4 f-18 engines screaming across the sky , it 's no military parade . 
  yeah of course , but they had [ very grandiose military parades ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acwvm5buzme ) that i remain very jelly of . 
  anyways , the russians [ still do it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=za8akqxudic ) and it 's always impressive . 
  excellent questions !, 
  we do n't really do military parades , unfortunately . 
  they happen occasionally , but you 'll never really see anything like the red army marching down red square . 
  we have those , we 'll eat just about fuckin ' anything, 
  well that 's some shit , i do n't get to see armor parades : /, 
  [ catch me if you can ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=nazi+propaganda&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjz5soe7mxoahwimr4khvdgdm8q_auiccgb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=993 ), 
  no , it 's not . 
  if you * need * the suspect alive , then you use tasers , beanbag rounds , tear gas , ads , whatever . 
  no it 's not , holy shit , it 's not just a legal definition , it 's the physiological reaction to a bullet entering a body at over a thousand feet per second . 
  shoot something alive , see what happens to it . 
  it is true in practice as well . 
  and i am explaining to you that shooting at all is shooting to kill . 
   it is not the `` simple nature of the gun to kill '' , lol . 
  they can shoot in the air and nothing dies . 
  they can shoot fingers and people will not die . 
  they can shoot legs and people will rarely die . 
  or they can shoot hearts and brains and people will almost certainly die . 
  most victims of gunshots do not die . 
  the mortality rate for even a headshot is 50 % . 
  however , guns kill . 
  that is their purpose . 
  it is a lethal weapon and using one on another human is deadly force , it 's not really up for debate . 
  yeah i saw it before you even posted it , the man was shot multiple times and as far as we can tell he did n't even raise his weapon . 
  again , his life is obviously far from being a priority . 
  us cops do n't `` riddle people with tens of bullets . '', 
  the average number of shots fired by an american cop involved in shootings is like 4 or 5 , not even a single full mag . 
  in some , probably most instances , not even half . 
  shot counts get high only when multiple officers begin firing , and even then a significant portion of those shots miss . 
  mag dumping has happened of course , like the lapd during the christopher dorner manhunt , but it 's far from the norm , lol . 
  people are n't talking about movie stunts as if leg shots are impossible , they 're laughing at the concept of marksmanship being a surefire thing in high risk scenarios . 
  why not shoot the gun out of his hand , right ? 
  obviously because bullets have a tendency to not always travel where you want them to . 
  most american police would rather bring someone in alive than dead of course , but when you jeopardize their ability to go home safely to their families , they will do what they have to do . 
  shooting another person use of lethal force . 
  a bullet can slice through your femoral artery and kill you just a much as one through the brain . 
  there are many means of subduing someone with non-lethal force , the fact that a firearm was used suggests that the priority was not the life of the guy , but the safety of the officers and those in the vicinity . 
  that he lived is a bonus . 
  it is the simple nature of the gun to kill . 
  you do n't shoot to wound , that 's dumb . 
  that he 's alive is a matter of luck , not professionalism . 
  the american dream is n't about social mobility , though moving up is definitely part of it, 
  are you enjoying the blue jeans and pop music ? 
  we have altered your political landscape . 
  pray we do not alter it further . 
  not always, 
   that 's a shame . 
  most people tend to care about humanity as a whole and not on a nation-by-nation basis . 
  not that i do n't care about you necessarily , but we got a de-facto empire to run here m8 , sometimes we step on a few toes to keep everything running smoothly . 
  i will continue not to care about the morally grey area things the us gvmt does until they become a detriment to the well being of others . 
   well there 's your problem . 
  if you can not be introspective enough to care when your country is infringing on the rights of other sovereign nations , why should anyone else care when your government starts infringing on your rights ? 
  they already do n't care , sometimes they actively encourage it , but other than those limited circumstances i do n't care how they feel about it . 
   what tax money ? 
  tongue in cheek joke about tax money being used to pay for cia election meddling schemes around the world blowing up in our faces , do n't take it seriously . 
  more like i have a deflated opinion of the military capabilities of most everyone else , and i 'm not on the defensive because i do n't see anything in need of defense , i do n't care at all if we 're fucking with your elections . 
  not one iota . 
  if anything , i 'd like some of the tax money back because of the brexit fuckup . 
  it 's not an act of war because going to war with the us is dumb as bricks so they 'll pretend it is n't one . 
  hahahahaha try it, 
  no shit , we 've put a lot of work into the place, 
   imagine if russian forces were putting boots on the ground in mexico and adding more and more as the years went by . 
   i doubt the u.s. would be as sanguine as many expect russia to be . 
  monroe doctrine reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  and nothing of value was lost, 
  come on , who * does n't * want to die horribly and painfully on foreign soil ? 
  we were stabbed in the back , goddamnit !, 
  we 're used to it , do what ya got ta do, 
  you crazy , does n't get higher quality, 
  are you insinuating that bud light w / lime is not the most delicious beverage on earth ? 
  \\  implying we want to visit poland, 
  worked for bud light !, 
  the best part about monkeys posts is that you never really know, 
  even then , it 's still true . 
  did n't you see the independence day documentary ? 
  \\* retch *, 
  proxy war 'd those fuckers before and we 'll do it again, 
  i will focus on any laughingstock that lets me forget the one brewing in washington for a few minutes, 
  that 'll get you places , guy . 
  not places you want to be , mind you , but places nonetheless . 
  money , and hypothetical lives if shtf . 
  lol , i 'm not a trump voter and i 'm not willing to go to war for any amount of money , what estonia or germany or whoever does is of no consequence . 
  you make a lot of assumptions here . 
  eh , i do n't think it 's worth it , but i do understand why it 's done . 
  the entire global order as we know it, 
  no group of people is monolithic but i think it stops being a matter of debate when even the potus shares similar if not the outright same views . 
  nato is rapidly becoming a big issue here , and it 's not out of nationalistic dick waving ( my favorite pastime ) but legitimate concern and genuine frustration , and will continue to be so for probably some time .
