   i would like to see `` civilized '' americans after half of their country was destroyed like parts of ussr by germans , after millions of people were killed wounded , who survived , lost everything . 
  we 've been there before , albeit to a lesser extent . 
   do you think that the strategic bombing of german towns was a humanistic aktivity ? 
  i do n't think it was `` moral '' considering it 's war , but it was how warfare was waged at the time . 
  i do n't think anybody who does not already have nukes should go about getting them . 
  i would trust your nation 100 % to have them , but i still would n't support you getting them , you know what i 'm saying ? 
  the more nukes out there , the higher a chance for the worst case scenario . 
  i understand * why * those nations would want them , but i feel the smarter idea is just use us as a tripwire , like we 've been doing . 
  goddamn you . 
  right ? 
  dude wants saudi arabia to have nukes but this is disqualifying ? 
  you did both , and added some mass rapes for good measure . 
  you are literally on the same level as the nazis . 
  you even collaborated together to oppress europe . 
  seriously , have you never thought about why the entire world geared up to fight you as soon as the nazis were put down ? 
  it 's because you were cut from the same cloth . 
  really grasping at straws now, 
   so you basically do the same shit that some russians do - you try to justify war crimes and mass killings no , dumbshit , try harder . 
  strategic bombing is n't a war crime . 
  the us did commit war crimes of course because everyone involved did , but strategic bombing is n't one of them . 
  lol , the ussr treated poland like one of it 's soldiers would treat a woman , you raped it . 
  [ behold , the results ] ( http://www.moremorewin.net/imgserver/imgs/2015/05/02/799fb28bd1c759d81279acaedbed018f.jpg ) of [ your brave handiwork . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5d/katyn_massacre_1.jpg ) fucking monsters . 
  and the ussr killed far more people total , in cold blood . 
  you do n't get to take strategic bombing , a legitimate practice that every major participant of the second world war had participated in , and use it to compare the us to the ussr . 
  strategic bombing is n't the same as raping a little girl and leaving her to die in the snow , or running over innocents with tanks , or lining up masses of people , shooting them in the back of the head , and rolling their bodies into the ditches you forced them to dig , but you already knew that , did n't you ? 
  understatement of the century . 
  ussr raped as many women to death in germany as the us killed in both atomic bombings . 
  yeah , you 're a whataboutist , and a particularly unintelligent one to boot . 
  poland is definitely comparable . 
  have you never stopped to wonder why all your neighbors hate you ? 
  the fact that you 're comparable to the nazis is the whole point . 
  what 's aleppo ? 
  that 's before pussygate , and while it 's 100 % true that controversy slides off him like no politician i 've ever seen before , the weight of scandal is starting to drag him under the waves . 
  and the hits are n't finished , tonight is the second presidential debate , and he is going to be absolutely eviscerated by clinton . 
  anything 's possible i suppose , but i 'm thinking his earth sized ego wo n't allow him to do that , not to mention it 's unprecedented . 
  plus , even if he did drop out , i 'm not sure pence would be on the presidential ballot . 
  not much to do now but sit back and watch the show . 
  the both of you were absolutely barbarous . 
  he 's getting blown the fuck out at the moment , so it does n't really matter what he says . 
  ban assault chainsaws, 
   nieto called the problem cultural because he 's corrupt . 
  nieto called the problem cultural because he understands the situation . 
  corruption in mexico goes way deeper than just government . 
   and the u.s. has had it 's hands in mexico since it favored the rebels against porfirio d\u00edaz with money hardly . 
  the story of porfirio diaz is one of excessive corruption , and officially the us has no role . 
  in actuality , the us supported diaz , and wanted him to remain in power . 
   then after a constitutional transition to a democracy , favored general huerta and paid for his coup d'etat from the embassy , so he would become a dictator . 
  the us ( probably ) did n't favor huerta . 
  it * is * true that a us ambassador was involved in the coup , but it is probable that he did this on his own , as there is no proof president taft ordered it , and he was literally personally replaced by an absolutely horrified president woodrow wilson , who refused to recognize the huerta regime and took multiple military actions against it . 
  remember how huerta 's life came to a close ? 
  an american prison cell . 
  again , all this does is show that the us had a small , almost completely ordinary role in mexico , and that corruption in mexico is a result of mexicans . 
  you might as well blame us for pancho villa , because americans served under him . 
  they better stay the fuck out of my hemisphere , but beyond that , whatever . 
  they 're only a threat to us if they bring nukes into the equation . 
  but a * chainsaw ?!?!!, 
  * that 's like , resident evil crazy . 
  what the fuck ? 
  what 's wrong with people , smh . 
  i was actually wrong , we occupied the dominican republic under lyndon b. johnson . 
  before that , though , i had the banana wars in mind . 
  \\  pleb cant do comedy chevrons, 
   has us ever occupied their neighboring countries ? 
  yes . 
  more than a lifetime ago , but yes . 
  comes from an amusingly stupid group of people https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes, 
  correct . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  load up eastern european nations on russia 's border with weapons until there 's no room to move , then re-embargo cuba if they rent out a base . 
  nothing i wanted more than another cold war , was n't that fun ? 
  like i said , if god himself demanded it , it would n't matter . 
  they are almost certainly doing the exact same thing i did when i read they were threatening us militarily over syria . 
  i rolled my eyes . 
  it does n't matter if god himself requested the investigation , it 's not going to have any real world impact . 
  it 's just posturing . 
  i love the art style of the ukip boxer, 
  this is all geopolitical back and forth bs , it does n't matter at all, 
  that 's what i 'm sayin ' , say whatever you like . 
  not only have we done worse , we 've heard worse , so lay whatever you want on us . 
  not a single person here cares . 
  blame us for mh17 , hurricane matthew , idgaf . 
   your international policies have nothing to do with americans ' will . 
  not really . 
  sometimes , but not usually . 
  we are whatever you want us to be my friend . 
  accuse us of anything you want , get your rocks off , it does n't even matter . 
  i 'll take `` no shit , sherlock '' for 500 , alex. 
  i only feel for south korea , who are only in that situation due to our inability to finish what we started . 
  that would n't make him an isolationist , that would make him an ass kissing crony . 
  isolationists oppose any non self defensive military actions of any kind . 
  avoid all foreign entanglements is an idea the us was founded on . 
  no he is n't , * i 'm * an isolationist . 
  i think us military might should only be used in the case of self defense . 
  trump simply wants nato members to be spending 2 % of their gdp or more on defense like nato recommended happen by some year in the future . 
  he , like many americans , are concerned about nato `` free riders . '', 
  he has threatened to not protect nations if they do n't reach this target , because he 's a fucking crook , but he 's far from an isolationist . 
   ah so when i say something it 's 100 % of the time butthurt and stuff , but when you say it , it 's not  who said that ? 
  i just said * you 're * butthurt , and you definitely are . 
  i 'm simply arguing in good faith .
