  really ? 
  i had n't noticed, 
  we were * never * part of the eu , so can we fuck off from nato and stick to our own issues now ? 
  or does that only apply to nations you do n't rely on militarily ? 
  did you really suspect otherwise ? 
  we just have the massive spotlight on us . 
  man , i got ta say , i 'm glad it 's not just us, 
  yes , history repeats itself often , it would be funny if it were not so sad, 
  muh oppressed german minority, 
  43k/y hate crimes involving guns , over 300 + plus people , at least 100m legal gun owners , i think we 'll be ok . 
  so was hitler . 
  when you have an environment as toxic as this , you 're going to have problems . 
   that 's right , david cameron is stepping down in the wake of the vote , which should make me happy but in this situation it does n't . 
  it 's like catching an ice cream cone out of the air because a child was hit by a car . 
  hahahaha holy shit . 
  cunts, 
  shit or get off the fuckin ' pot, 
  the queen seems like a very nice lady why do such a thing, 
  now do you guys get why voter turnout is so low over here ? 
  this election is a complete waste of time . 
  not enough cash ... stranguh, 
  [ take your pick ] ( https://news.usni.org/2015/05/22/the-naval-history-and-hnsa-guide-to-u-s-museum-ships ), 
  \\  believing the shit american politicians say rookie mistake . 
  anybody need guns ? 
  bombs ? 
  tanks ? 
  got whatchu need right here , low , low price !, 
  the problem is i do n't know which is which, 
  oh sure , we 'd come out tough at first , then as the public realizes that war requires sacrifice , we 'd bail , hard . 
  next they 're gon na start pouring coke into the thames, 
  even if trump wins , which is n't a certainty , he 's only being elected president , not god emperor , despite what a certain sub would have you believe . 
  he has an entire political system he still has to work within . 
  almost nothing about him is consistent policy wise , with the exception of the muslim ban or whatever nonsense he proposed , and the wall . 
  which donald trump would we be getting ? 
  how would the legislative and judicial branches react to his presidency ? 
  will he sink under the [ apparently dreadful ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/p6w7wcyep_8/hqdefault.jpg ) weight of having one of the most influential and important jobs in the world ? 
  who the hell knows ? 
  it 's a complete hail mary , and that 's part of his appeal . 
  the only thing close to precedent here is ronald reagan , a former actor who was later elected president during the most dangerous period of human history , who depending on who you ask , was either the best ever or the absolute worst . 
  the most likely scenario is trump fucks up a few things domestically , pisses off a bunch of arab nations , and is generally embarrassing . 
  aside from churchill and thatcher , i 'm not familiar with the ones who came before my time, 
  there is a good chance the brexit will destroy the uk and the eu in one fell swoop and that was known before the referendum too . 
  nothing in the future is totally certain , but you can make educated guesses , though . 
  there is a very good chance we will . 
  do n't take my previous comment the wrong way , the election is assuredly going to be an absolute dumpster fire , i just enjoy the hypocrisy of saying on one hand `` hey now , let 's see how brexit pans out before we shit talk it '' and on the other hand saying `` man , those americans sure are fucked . '', 
  i would n't count on us doing much to protect europe if the situation becomes an actual war anyway , once american bodies and dollars start piling up , we 're gon na bounce out faster than you could possibly imagine . 
  feel free to stop replying at any time . 
   what are you , a conservative texan ? 
  i live multiple thousands of miles away from texas ( hrc 's home state , actually ) and i am on my most conservative day a moderate . 
  so double dose of wrong here . 
   clinton also said she would impose litmus tests on abortion and campaign finance . 
  her nominees , she said , would have to prove that they would uphold the roe v. wade decision establishing a national right to abortion and would have to show that they would overturn the citizens united decision that established free speech campaign rights for interest groups . '', 
  hillary says a whole lot of shit . 
  would you like to hear all the other things hrc has said ? 
  because there is a wide gulf between what she says and what she does , because she gets american politics . 
  not to mention that you continue to harp on the same two points . 
  look , even jeb fucking bush said he 'd fight citizens united . 
  trump has been critical of money in politics as well . 
  meanwhile , hillary gets filthy fucking rich from the `` donations '' from her bankster friends . 
  she is not an impressive candidate . 
  feel free to demonstrate that i 'm wrong , but i 'm fairly certain you 'll have a very tough time distinguishing hillary from republicans . 
  her stance on abortion ( well , really , women in general ) , guns and a thing or two here or there are the only differences . 
  oh come on , that 's not impressive , like you said , finding the_donald users is easy as shit , they 're all carbon copies of each other, 
  uh ... she is a conservative , there is very little she does n't have in common with them . 
  i mean , we 're still talking about pro-war , pro-wall street , pro-spying , pro-torture , pro-censorship , flip floppity hillary clinton , right ? 
  she could run on the republican ballot and she 'd be near indistinguishable from any of her peers . 
   clinton also said she would impose litmus tests on abortion and campaign finance . 
  her nominees , she said , would have to prove that they would uphold the roe v. wade decision establishing a national right to abortion and would have to show that they would overturn the citizens united decision that established free speech campaign rights for interest groups . 
  nobody is overturning roe v. wade , and there is no fucking way in hell that hillary goes after wall street , considering she 's bought and paid for by them . 
  our boy obama tried going after citizens united and did n't accomplish shit , and he 's by far more independent from wall street than she is , but by all means , continue assuming hillary is the liberal savior you 're looking for . 
  by all means tho , continue assuming the american presidential elections will be an unmitigated disaster . 
  we do n't have a special relationship , we 're just two similar nations with similar populaces working towards common interests , like the entire anglosphere . 
  a conservative is going to be nominated to the scotus regardless of who wins the election , for the reasons you stated . 
  also , it 's likely hillary will appoint a conservative as well , considering she is a conservative herself . 
  this scotus hand wringing is much ado about nothing . 
  you are vastly overestimating the popularity of nato here . 
  even amongst those who support it , many do so through gritted teeth . 
  you make it seem like the repubs are fans of trump . 
  a trump presidency would set the standard for lame duck administrations with the amount of hate he 's garnered in politics . 
  look at obama trying to push garland into the scotus , not so easy , is it ? 
  man , this is just wild , the entire world changed in the time it took me to take a nap, 
  `` nice knowin ' ya , barry . '', 
  do n't you put that evil on us https://twitter.com/nigel_farage/status/746201545524416513, 
  \\* anxiously awaits answer *, 
  can we ? 
  pretty please ? 
  kek, 
  traitor !, 
  i 'm just here for the salt mine, 
  ugh ... who hate more , hillary or vlad ? 
  your mistake !, 
  i do n't care either way \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  lol what ? 
  maybe it shits on zyklon ben 's or something . 
  not only is this far from a profound , thought provoking statement , the quality of the illustration is low . 
  i could understand either position . 
  the uk undoubtedly did more to spread the use of the english language , but america undoubtedly does more to keep the language in use since the fall of the british empire to the present day . 
  lingua franca m8 , picked up where you left off, 
  as you noted , i 'm struggling to understand how much of it is legitimate enthusiasm , and how much is just shitposting for a giggle . 
  as i watched the birth of gamergate , i had no real clue what i was really witnessing .
