  on the contrary , the us government wants a strong europe , so we can fuck off and finally start working against china in the pacific . 
  and we would have gotten away with it too , if it were n't for you meddling euros, 
  that 's precisely what i was thinking myself . 
  hms prince of wales is n't bad though, 
  kind of irrelevant but what do you brits think of the name ? 
  we pick new york pizza or we do n't even bother . 
  not big fans of rushin ' either, 
  honestly ... 
  i have a hard enough time pretending to care about team usa when the world cup rolls around, 
  thank you for your service, 
  ooh , you guys have those `` made in china vs. made in our country '' shitposts too ? 
  i guess some things really are universal !, 
  having the same discussion over and over again is really tiring , dice controls the direction of the game, 
  they do n't even exist , it 's a clever cia ruse, 
   emma morano , who was born in northern italy on nov 29 , 1899 , is now the world 's oldest person at 116 , after the previous holder of the title , susannah mushatt jones , died in new york on thursday . 
  i never said anything about obsession , i was talking about inferiority complexes . 
  i 'm here to get international news and occasionally shitpost . 
  it was never useful , just whiney people whining . 
  nyet comrade , this is about america . 
  thus , discussions about our video game market , or our films , ect . 
   ` murica is one of the main factions and france is n't , even if france was far more central to the war effort . 
  france is in the game , i repeat , ** france is in the game . 
  ** [ feel free to check the wiki this screenshot came from ( which again has nothing to do with the developers of the game ) yourself . 
  ] ( http://battlefield.wikia.com/wiki/battlefield_1 )  not sure what you 're yapping about . 
  all the criticism i 've seen in this thread focusing on the historically inaccurate treatment that dice has made , for commercial reasons . 
  you do n't know shit about the game at all . 
  for the last fucking time , the wiki has nothing to do with dice . 
   just because we disagree with dice distorting history for commercial reasons does n't mean we vent against america . 
  dice did n't distort history , which is what makes your feelings of inadequacy so easy to spot . 
  all this , over a screenshot of a fan wiki page . 
  this thread is full of yuro butthurt and you 're just contributing . 
  such a whiney group of people . 
   it 's one of the main factions no shit . 
  we were there . 
  we should n't have been , but we were , nonetheless . 
   no , it 's driven by the fact that france has been left out due to commercial interests . 
  you get brownie points for trying , though ;-) no , it was n't . 
  most of the battlefield will obviously be france , and a french helmet appears in the trailer . 
  france just did n't appear on an unofficial wiki ( which has already been corrected ) which has nothing to do with the dev team and a bunch of butthurt yuros used it as an excuse to vent every negative feeling of inadequacy they have . 
  like i said , kind of sad . 
  america is n't central to the game , and dice is n't throwing away history . 
  this entire conversation is driven by inferiority complexes , kind of sad . 
  the point was that the game is n't being changed because americans have lots of money . 
  everybody has lots of money . 
   again , you are missing the point . 
  i 'm not missing the point , your point is just fucking horrible . 
   medal of honor is just an example of how americans frequently put themselves as the saviours in places where the true heroes most certainly were other people . 
  kek . 
  poor europeans , americans make games about the american portion in a war in which americans feature heavily . 
  `` true heroes , '' pfft . 
  get the fuck out of here . 
  spoiler alert : if a single nation was the `` true heroes '' of ww2 , that nation * is n't * a european one . 
   then maybe the series should about american factory workers , with the occational transport ship captain appearing . 
  maybe the series should be about the french and british appeasing hitler and then getting their asses kicked for 3 years , or maybe it should be about the horrors the red army committed on the war path . 
  press `` x '' to gang rape the frau !, 
   you 're missing the points on purpose , are you ? 
  your point is still fucking horrible . 
  make a new one if you have an intelligent idea you wish to discuss , or drop it . 
  i think you missed my point , friend . 
   it is a huge part of what decides wars . 
  further enforced by the fact that the us inflicted about 80 % of japanese battle fatalities in the pacific war whilst china inflicted 10 % ( sort of arguing against yourself there mate ) . 
  just dying is n't enough . 
  it gives a sense of scale but actually killing the enemy is what counts . 
  got a source on that ? 
  number is low , and figures vary tremendously . 
  also , japan deployed more divisions to china than anywhere else in the war . 
   you are right that millions of chinese people did die . 
  but the japanese army cutting down chinese civilians in nanking does not help in the effort to put down the japanese empire . 
  fighting a war against the japanese for nearly a decade does , in fact , help in the effort of putting down the japanese empire . 
   you killed the japanese navy and air force almost completely on your own . 
  you stopped japan . 
  not the chinese or the brits . 
  the manpower lost in china would have been useless for japan without a navy and air force anyway . 
  no shit . 
  i 'm obviously being tongue in cheek about china , because again , manpower is not the sole determinant of a war . 
  i thought you picked up on that with your `` smug sarcasm '' line . 
   so if we want to find out who did the most to defeat germany we should look at who did the most to defeat its army , not the navy . 
  it is obvious to anyone that this was the soviets . 
  moving past that the soviets did little to combat the kriegsmarine as opposed to the us and yes , that does have a huge impact on the war , it 's not just the army that needs to be defeated . 
  the entire country needed to be rendered incapable of waging war , and that meant denying nazi strategic interests in italy and north africa and bombing their infrastructure at home , supplying allies critical supplies they need to fight at their maximum capability . 
  that 's why stalin himself said the war could not have been won without the united states . 
   this is exactly like your vietnam analogy . 
  downright historically asinine . 
  good night . 
  you 're just getting an outsiders view on what it looks like when someone applies your simplistic concepts to a different war . 
  what the us lacked in body count was made up by other things of massive strategic import . 
  you are simply incapable of looking at anything beyond a body count . 
  mine 's a felon :(, 
  but dude , china lost tens of millions of people and killed millions of japanese , that 's exactly what decides wars !, 
   which are all minuscule in scale compared to the eastern front . 
  north africa was also primarily like a british endeavour . 
  italy was again a 60/40 british + allies effort . 
  you only really start pulling more than the brits with normandy . 
  again , you 're only thinking in terms of manpower , which came in 1943 latest . 
  dwight eisenhower was the commander of the entire front . 
  american sherman tanks , american supplied food and ammunition also played a significant role , ect . 
   13.2 billion rubbles out of 129.4 billion total , that is the amount the lend lease provided to the soviet union . 
  do you find that number enough to say that the lend lease + the western front mean that the us did more to defeat nazi germany ? 
  i certainly do n't . 
  and how much of that was railroad equipment and trucks and food and ammo and tanks and all the shit that 's required for an army like the red army to succeed that they simply did not have ?
