  from an american perspective that 's his only good policy lol, 
  lol , that 's literally how we treat strangers and has nothing to do with tipping culture . 
  does n't she know that she just created 25 more terrorists ? 
  hahaha , in the case that you 're not trolling me and you 're legitimately just uninformed , i 'll explain it for you one more time , in extremely simple language , though apologies if english is n't your first language . 
  if the concept still evades you afterwards , it 's because you 're a dope , or a troll saying dumb shit . 
  the united states military was massively successful against the north vietnamese army and the vietcong . 
  every single major battle in the war was a us victory . 
  search and destroy was so effective at destroying the enemy , us high command basically prayed the north would engage us in open battle , because they were absolute slaughters . 
  the vietnam war was lost because the american people hated the war , the south vietnamese government was corrupt as fuck , the south was n't particularly gung ho about democracy , and the arvn was fucking next to useless . 
  literally none of that has any bearing on the united states military . 
  the united states military was incredibly successful at destroying islamic militants in iraq and afghanistan . 
  under us occupation , the taliban and al-qaeda were absolutely devastated . 
  the same results were evident in iraq with regards to ba'ath party fighters , isis , ect . 
  newsflash , dummy , why do you think the middle east became an even worse place when the us left ? 
  use some goddamn common sense . 
  yet again , this has literally nothing to do with the us military . 
  literally none of these wars and their results have anything to do with the performance of the us military whatsoever . 
  they did everything they were asked to do , and they did it well . 
  all of the american failures in nation building from around vietnam on have nothing to do with warfighting and everything to do with politics . 
   you should go tell the nazis that killing more means you won . 
  that 's not what i said at all , retard . 
  the nazis were beaten on the field of battle in the east due to being inferior to the russians in virtually every single way imaginable . 
  however , the amount of battles won and enemies killed is the measure of the effectiveness of an army . 
  would you say the russian army sucks because they `` lost '' to the muj in afghanistan ? 
  probably , because you 're dumb , but you 'd be wrong , again . 
   you lost , your military is a huge failure . 
  hahahaha my military is so successful that it has nearly singlehandedly ensured a period of peace , stability and prosperity the world has literally never ever seen before . 
  it also defends your entire continent because your nations are so spineless they 're incapable of getting it together , so maybe less internet shitposting and more ass kissing is in order , eh ? 
  please do not bother replying unless you have a post with some substance and thought put into it , i have things to do besides holding your hand through simple concepts . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about , at all . 
  the us military completely eviscerated enemy combatants in all of those wars . 
  look at the amount of nva/vc/taliban / al-qaeda/isis killed fighting the military , the numbers are tremendous no matter what source you look at . 
  the part of each of those wars the us struggled with was building and maintaining democracies in lands where they were not wanted , and also hampered by extreme corruption . 
  this is in contrast to the napoleonic invasion of russia and the eastern front of ww2 , which were primarily lost due to the fact that neither of those nations had the logistical ability to supply such massive fighting forces so far from home in an environment where even the nature is trying to kill you . 
  your argument has all the intelligence and nuance of a bumper sticker . 
  you 're right , the us military is so far and away better than both of those militaries , which is why i giggled when you made the comparison . 
  also , your understanding of ww2 is poor . 
  lolol , you think it is n't ? 
  that 's why i think this discussion is basically the geopolitical version of `` who would win ? 
  superman or goku ? '', 
  it 's not gon na happen , life without world war is just too good, 
  it was just a cold and callous prediction based on facts , that was completely dismissive of the unprecedented amount of death and suffering such an event would cause because i just assumed that was a given . 
   and russian military for the past seventy five years has been build to beat you . 
  that is an exceptionally tall order . 
   you would be suprised how hard it would be to win vs russia ( but you , and we ) would win in the end . 
  not really . 
  nobody ever thought world war 3 would be easy and americans are well versed in the hypothetical russian threat after decades of dire warnings anyway . 
  plus , simple numbers . 
  i 'd never think the russians are just drunk ivans , i respect the shit out of their power and potential , but they 're at a disadvantage in nearly every facet here . 
  fuck no , war sucks total balls , but if russia invades the baltics that 's where this thing is going . 
  anyway , if you want to compare the us military to the grand armee or the wehrmacht that 's your mistake , not mine . 
  nobody is underestimating the russians , especially not the us government . 
  no of course we 're not , but we 're more populous than russia , we 're richer than russia , our logistics are better than russia , our equipment is better , we 're more experienced , our command structure is better , we 're projecting power that even the ussr at its height could n't dream of , the battlefield is far away from our own turf , and we have a fuckload of allies . 
  you do n't understand , our military for the past * seventy five years * has been built to beat the russian military and europe , and still be able to fight a completely different power in a completely different theater of the world . 
  our biggest weakness is public perception and presidential term limits back at home . 
   the us themselves do not have the ability to stop the russians from taking the baltics . 
  oh yes we do , but only if we know it 's coming . 
  as it stands , we just do n't have enough units on the continent . 
  we do n't limit ourselves to turkey on christmas , turkey only is for thanksgiving, 
   the uncomfortable truth is that 3 city sized states are n't worth fighting a world war over . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  well that 's good , they 're due some prosperity, 
  do n't know why this is downvoted , it 's very true . 
  the aspect that the us struggles with is the nation building in places that want nothing to do with the western way of life concept , not the kicking the shit out of other fighters part . 
  in both vietnam and afghanistan the us was doing something higher than simple warfighting , though in both places it excelled in the latter . 
  according to our state website , 2.1 m adults , a record low , but 74k high schoolers ( age 14-18 ) smoke and 11k under 18 year olds start smoking every day . 
  the price increases was the first or so step in what nys has turned into a war against smokers , it was 5 usd a pack when i started , and people were n't happy about that price either . 
  even in the states , when i tell people how much i pay for a pack their jaw hits the floor . 
  every time they raise the price you tell yourself `` ok i 'm quitting now , this is too much '' but then you go an hour without a cigarette and it 's all downhill from there . 
  good lord i 'm jealous , i 'd have to travel hundreds or thousands of miles to see comparable pricing . 
  or smoke those dogshit reservation cigarettes . 
  it 's not the same , it just does n't hit the same spot that the real thing does, 
  you 're not lying bro , these prices are nuts . 
  i think the state gov assumed high prices would force smokers to quit but nicotine addiction obviously does n't work that way, 
  that 's the most appalling part of all of this to me , europe suffers as a result of being good people, 
  i think it 's over $ 13 usd in nyc , too . 
  depends on your perspective i suppose, 
  how much do you guys pay per pack ? 
  i 'm at $ 10 usd per, 
  business is going as usual in the us , it was continuously great or it never was in the first place, 
  they 're excellent vacation destinations !, 
  enjoy the taxes, 
   so that should make the choice a bit easier . 
  not really , no . 
  would you rather fuck your mom , or your dad ? 
  would you rather lose your right arm or your left arm ? 
  i hate these types of questions, 
  welcome to my life !, 
  seriously , that old hag clinton is running again and she has a hate boner for games . 
  dude , there is a great deal of time between this very moment and election day in november . 
  * nothing * is set in stone . 
  iraq has been a shithole for most of its existence , and while syria was better , it was n't exactly a shining city on a hill either . 
  what 's your point ? 
  some were , some were n't , point is that on this very day , and for the foreseeable future , except maybe turkey , those places suck to live and the more bad news coming out of there , the more desensitized we 're going to be to it . 
  yeah but unlike iraq and syria , the places we live are n't complete and utter shitholes so when someone does something negative that changes that , it 's a big deal . 
  got ta say , i 'm getting really fucking sick of the bbc breaking news image , every time i see it i know something terrible has happened, 
  keep going i 'm not finished yet, 
  american withdrawal is the first step, 
  helping pay for the dinner tab after a night out with friends has never been a requirement either , but if you 're rich as fuck and do n't help pay you 're a garbage person . 
  lets find out !,
