  like kim jong-un or trump , but shirtless, 
  disagree , but trump is n't an isolationist, 
  it 's like a toddler trying to intimidate you, 
  inb4 you 're in a hunting accident, 
  we do n't wait because we 're big fans of suspense , it 's because they appeal like , a billion times . 
  he 's yale educated , he 's no moron , just totally out of his depth . 
   lol !, 
  are we now talking about historical fiction ? 
  this is all true lol , though since it 's a tiny , irrelevant piece of american history i would n't expect you to know it . 
  jefferson davis ( who would go on to be the president of the confederate states of america ) introduced several amendments to the treaty of guadalupe hidalgo that would have annexed most of mexico , but the vote was defeated by the democrats . 
  and like i said southern politicians had their eyes on cuba , ect . 
  the south was pretty fucking crazy back then . 
   i did n't blame them . 
  just mentioned that some of them has been participating in corruption in mexico and nobody doubts companies are getting their hands dirty , especially not americans , who are all too used to it by now . 
  but again , they 're just profiting , everyone is doing it , canada too , because it 's easy , it 's not even close to their fault . 
  nieto himself even called the problem cultural . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to tell you . 
  nothing personal mate , it just is what it is . 
  [ us at all times ] ( http://blog.bullets2bandages.org/hs-fs/hubfs/mattis8.jpg?t=1475025412942&amp;width=550&amp;height=500&amp;name=mattis8.jpg ), 
  who the hell thinks you guys are lazy ? 
  that 's the * last * thing i think of when i think of mexicans . 
  hey do n't blame us beast coasters for the uk 's food , we have great shit here . 
  too sweet imo, 
  it 's hard , yet delicious work . 
  if you 're lucky and quit giving us lip , we 'll keep you alive to work the cheeseburger mines . 
  yeah , they [ shit on their own floor and murdered their own dogs ] ( https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/global-opinions/russia-is-harassing-us-diplomats-all-over-europe/2016/06/26/968d1a5a-3bdf-11e6-84e8-1580c7db5275_story.html ) , too . 
  if you 're really looking to hurt europe via nato , then you should n't support trump , who is pro-nato with the caveat that european nations pay the 2 % recommendation . 
  also , why single out the germans ? 
  outside of eastern europe , we have like , no fans . 
  they 're all smug and smarmy . 
  lol , if not for slavery there would n't be a mexico . 
  the american south was looking to annex all the way down to panama after ( and as a nation it was well within our means to do so ) , but the north opposed southern expansion on the grounds of slavery . 
  and as far as corporations go , they 're not to blame for mexico 's stagnated development . 
  you 'll notice canada is not doing even close to as bad as mexico , and they have a longer , less guarded border with us . 
  i get that it feels good to assume there is a third party to blame for your problems but it simply is n't true . 
  only after victory, 
  we told you we 'd fight it , what did you think that meant ? 
  ugh , do n't titillate me with tales of what could have been, 
  it 's amazing hahahaha , now we 're getting blamed for mexico . 
  we should have just finished them off in the 19th century, 
  i doubt it considering mexico sucks because your government is perpetually shitty and your citizens are psychopaths, 
  through their noses , unlike their opposition, 
  money well spent, 
  i hope we pick a good one . 
  the saudis are asking for it imo, 
  it was fine , your meaning translated perfectly . 
  i 'm not really comfortable with the idea of sending up war satellites , even if it is possible . 
  space is one thing we have n't managed to totally fuck up yet, 
  the guac bowl merchant we deserve , but not the guac bowl merchant we need right now, 
  it 's our lot in life , friendo . 
  [ nyoom ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roijb3jpce4 ), 
  oh whoops , that 's brazilian in my mind now . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  we do n't need ramps , that 's for baby carriers . 
  we launch our shit with electromagnets now . 
  because the french are the only other users of catobar systems, 
  they are !, 
  cdg is a beauty , though . 
  i do n't think any of these comparisons are apt , lol, 
  it 's the eussr , get it right !!, 
  it is not nice , and i do n't deserve that at all . 
  i do n't think gen. douglas macarthur would like that . 
  yeah , but the uk beats them up . 
  i say we take 'em . 
  he 'll take any bait, 
  that 's a fantastic idea , let 's get it done, 
  $ 1t for a fighter in service for 50 years , that 's like 1/4 of our yearly budget , lol . 
  it 's an amazing deal . 
  it 's always got ta come back to the nazis does n't it, 
  not since the incident, 
   anglosph\u00e8re mon cul ouais ah shit , we forgot to trade you guys, 
  we only accept `` thank you for your service '', 
  [ the jedi transition . 
  ] ( http://foxtrotalpha.jalopnik.com/the-jedi-transition-a-canyon-that-fighter-pilots-love-1678453195 ) apologies for the gawker media link . 
  whyyyyyyyyyyyy, 
  we warned you !, 
  howdy neighbor, 
  around brexit there was a lull in our campaigns , we finally got to experience the schadenfreude from the other side of the aisle . 
  what the fuck , nature ? 
  america working of ftftl confirmed, 
  what other miracles of modern science are you guys squirreling away ? 
  [ i think we have to credit the britbongs for this one ] ( http://tardis.wikia.com/wiki/let's_kill_hitler_ ( tv_story \\ ) ), 
  with great difficulty , usually !, 
  poor baby :(, 
  no , i meant harassing passenger jets , otherwise i would have said something else, 
  imagine having the capability to leave the solar system and instead using it to harass passenger jets , lol, 
  `` can travel beyond the speed of light ? '', 
  what the fuck , russia ? 
  you did n't it 's all good , just trying to explain the concept . 
  and a good portion of americans do n't give a shit about the flag or anthem or what have you but i think we can all agree that america and americans take our national symbols fairly seriously . 
  the point is that you as an outsider will probably never feel the same way about our symbols as we do , and vice versa . 
  it may be an ancient song and a bit of cloth to you , but to me , that 's my home, 
  except that 's not true , and even if it were , the royal family was , is and will be a symbol of your nation . 
  qe2 is on multiple different nations currencies , ffs !, 
   it 's just a crappy ancient song and a bit of cloth that gets dragged up a pole . 
  and to me the queen is a decrepit relic of a long dead , backwards and immoral system of government , but you guys would n't see it the same way , would you ? 
  can confirm, 
  this is it , this is the thing that 's going to demolish trumps support base, 
  `` it 's not us , it 's you '', 
  ooh i 'm shaking,
