  china 's next . 
   irst ; it 's really only the us that 's continuing to spend on them en-masse . 
  loads of other countries could technically afford many more than they currently do ; but are n't doing so . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  it tells me that the us is the worlds hegemon , and a fuckload of carriers allow us to project massive amounts of power anywhere in the world , so having a bunch is totally relevant to our interests . 
  also , i 'd be wary of assuming they can just be bought and built . 
  the uk is finishing up the queen liz , but they opted to make it a ski jump configuration as opposed to the objectively superior catobar config to keep costs down , and they 're one of the biggest economies in the world . 
   carrier forces spend on them because they 're useful in the current climate . 
  the us spends on them because it can afford to both maintain a large carrier force and the naval assets needed to still be useful in a war even when their carriers get sunk . 
  no nation builds a military capable only of beating up islamic terrorists , and the us definitely does n't . 
  the us navy , like the rest of the branches of the us military , is built to fight off two different superpowers on two different fronts . 
  we 're not building carriers because they look nice . 
   carrier programs are hideously expensive ; and most countries wisely decide not to focus their fleets around carriers the way the us does ; because doing so would leave them deficient in other areas since they would n't be able to afford to do both . 
  if you have to choose between either an aircraft carrier , or half a dozen frigates/destroyers , the latter is the obvious choice . 
  perhaps it makes more sense for a regional power to only have 1 or 2 carriers , but it makes little sense for the us under her current international obligations . 
   not really . 
  carriers in their original role have been obsolete for decades ; and this is n't a fringe opinion , but rather mainstream consensus . 
  you continue to insist this , but there is simply no basis to it . 
  again , there is a reason navies around the world continue to build them or invest in refits . 
  they are an incredibly useful tool on the high seas . 
   since ww2 , we 've really only seen them used as mobile bases ; place them near some middle-eastern country , and go to town from relative safety . 
  but that 's not what carriers ( especially fleet carriers ) are really designed to do . 
  they 're supposed to be offensive platforms that take out enemy ships/fleets from beyond the horizon ; a role they 've been obsolete in for quite some time now . 
  have there been any naval battles i 've missed ? 
  if they 're obsolete in any way , it 's because war between major powers has been rendered too costly by the advent of the nukes , nato , the un , ect . 
  the closest we 've come to something like that post-ww2 is probably the falklands , where the royal navy 's carriers did just fine . 
   in their ad-hoc new role of mobile base ; they 're far from obsolete of course . 
  but that 's only so long as you pick the countries you go to war with very carefully . 
  if you 'd like to park them off of a coast and hang out , sure . 
   if ww3 were to start tomorrow , you 'd find aircraft carriers being in pretty much the same position battleships were at the onset of ww2 . 
  but there is still no evidence for this besides conjecture . 
   they have n't devised any ways around that . 
  nobody has an answer to hypersonic missile barrages . 
  missile defense systems that exist now are capable of countering hypersonics , but they are less effective . 
  electronic warfare and decoys also have much utility in this scenario . 
  beyond that , the us is working on rail guns capable of missile defense . 
  arms races are a back and forth affair . 
  even in the event of a successful hit on a carrier , there is nothing to suggest it would do anything beyond a mission kill , if even that . 
   not a big if if it keeps happening in damn near every other exercise . 
  there has been only a handful of reports like these over the past 40 years , all of them from exercises . 
  and so it goes , like i said , the point of exercises is n't to rack up kills , but provide training to the involved crews . 
   destroying a supercarrier would be a huge blow to us morale . 
  it would also represent an incredible loss of investment and resources . 
  and if you 've lost one , you will almost certainly lose 2 . 
  or 3 . or 4 . 
  the us public does not have the stomach for those kind of losses ; and the us government does n't have the stomach for them either , except for the purposes of total war . 
  no nation on earth except for russia and china has the capability to do significant damage to our carrier fleet , and the only way we 'd be fighting them is in world war 3 . 
  also , americans do n't care about what happens to our shit , we care what happens to our people . 
  if a nimitz went down and took nobody with it , we 'd rejoice . 
  we can always build another , but we ca n't replace people . 
   quite a few . 
  i already listed tfex/tmdi99 to the other guy ; which was exactly that that was n't full prosecution , and like i said , it was an exercise . 
  a us cbg is n't going to hang around in littoral waters when it knows subs are in the area . 
  shit , if it wanted , it could simply just withdraw , because aip diesels are 1 ) slower than us , and 2 ) less stealthy in open seas . 
  this kind of reminds me of the f-35 vs. f-16 kerfuffle , where opponents of the 35 proclaimed it 's garbage because it lost in a dogfight that it was supposed to lose , or cope india , which was much the same . 
  that 's evil, 
   which is why they 're experts in armies and not navies haha whoops , but my point stands . 
  i trust the leaders of navies around the world more than i do defense analysts who do nothing but put clickbait headlines to blog posts . 
   quipping aside ; as i 've been trying to explain to the other guy ; i 'm talking specifically about a war between modern navies here ; not the kinds of conflicts we 've had since ww2 . 
  i have n't read what you 've wrote to him , but i specifically mentioned ww2 for a reason . 
  america learned of the value of both the submarine and the carrier in that war . 
  submarines were a constant threat , especially against the japanese , who preferred to use them in a capital ship hunting role , as opposed to us , who used them to raid commerce shipping . 
  later , we had to content with the soviet silent service . 
  despite these dangers , the us ( and the rest of the world ) continues to spend on carriers . 
  what does that tell you ? 
   you wo n't find many experts who will claim carriers will fill their roles for very long in a war between modern powers . 
  on the contrary , i think you 'd find the opposite to be true . 
  nobody with a brain assumes carriers are invulnerable , of course , but to suggest they 're obsolete ? 
  it 's a fringe view . 
   they will be a tremendous asset in the early days of such a war ; but they 're going to get taken out quickly . 
  no way around that . 
  except all the ways navies have devised to get around that ? 
  even if , and that is a big if , a submarine was able to sink a us fleet supercarrier , we 'd still have 9 left , not counting our small carriers , which are analogous to the carriers of other nations . 
   we 're not talking about scripted wargames here . 
  we 're talking about freeform ones set in expansive playareas . 
  as in ; `` go , take out as many of the ` enemy ' as you can . 
  however you can . 
  no constraints . 
  we 'll do everything we can to stop you . '', 
  wargames do n't often work like this . 
  how many of those exercises were open ocean and full prosecution ? 
  they are all geared towards giving each participant training in some regard, 
  china worries me more than russia ever has , they appear very , very competent . 
   exactly . 
  lots of military experts consider aircraft carriers to be pretty useless in a proper war ; except the ones in modern armies , yes . 
   carriers almost always lose out in wargame simulations involving subs , even when protected by full carrier groups . 
  submarines have * always * been a major threat to aircraft carriers , since before the second world war . 
  during the battle of midway , despite taking an incredible pounding from carrier aircraft , the uss yorktown surivived . 
  it was a japanese submarine that ended up doing her in . 
  however , carriers remain the centerpiece of navies for a reason . 
  that said , what happens in scripted wargames is far from representative of reality . 
  the worst that 's ever happened is a collision decades ago . 
  because that 's how you start world war 3 . 
  the uss zumwalt does n't have the railguns yet , at the moment . 
  she 's equipped with two 155mm guns . 
  that said , the railguns are supposed to be fantastic against enemy ships . 
   aircraft carriers are insanely vulnerable to modern anti-ship missiles . 
  carriers started out as recon and support units for battle groups , but nowadays they are more reliant than ever on their cruiser screen , so that they ca n't be destroyed by long-distance missile carriers are no more vulerable to asms than they are anything else . 
  carriers have no defense , and that 's always been the case . 
  yet , they remain the centerpiece of every blue water navy worth noting .
