   china is seen as a foe by parts of your political elite as well . 
  as a threat to us influence . 
  unless you give up on the goal of maintaining your levels of influence around the world , there is no other way . 
  that 's because they are . 
  we 're at war with them in cyberspace as we speak , and the south china sea gets hotter every day . 
  i am more than prepared to give up american hegemony , but if we do n't , that 's just another reason to dial back our nato presence . 
  our military is designed specifically to fight at least two massive fronts at once , but i question the reasoning behind that strategy . 
   additionally , one can still ( despite all failures ) maintain the standpoint that the us is a force for good in the world . 
  preventing expansionist measures of china and russia just by involvement in the area is a good thing for the world as it makes peace more stable . 
  i do n't think we 're truly a force for good , it just so happens good deeds often align with our interests . 
  we 're definitely the most benevolent superpower though , definitely more so than russia or china would be in our position at the very least . 
   i do think that there is a significant difference between political influence and the power to persuade allies to join a pointless war . 
  it simply was n't realistic to believe that this would significantly improve us security . 
  because if anything , it did the exact opposite . 
  regardless of how you feel about our desert escapades , it 's telling that the government could n't call in a favor , especially in a time of relative vulnerability . 
   this is indeed very hard to measure , yet you can not underestimate this effect . 
  you of course can not put it into a simply cost-profit equation . 
  it is not like the other countries pay you a sum of money to do this . 
  true enough , it 's an apples to oranges comparison in some ways . 
   reducing russias influence however is one of the immediate effects , something your country takes interest in . 
  man , i 'm fucking * tired * of fighting russians . 
  we fucked up a quarter of the world fighting russians , betrayed every principle this nation has ever stood for fighting russians , pissed away vast amounts of men and money fighting russians , and destroyed an incredible amount of good will in the process . 
  we 've been fighting russians one way or another for over a century and i 'm simply through with it . 
  it may have been for the best , but look at how much your country lost fighting russians . 
  how could you ask that of someone else ? 
  hegemony is fuckin ' overrated . 
   it gives you the power to shape european politics . 
  does it ? 
  because i have n't seen much of that , though i have seen the eu and eu nations strong arm american corporations , and fight the trade deals we want passed tooth and nail . 
  now especially with the brexit , we can count on any influence we may have had in the eu dropping off a cliff . 
  ( thanks britbongs ! ), 
   however , a nato guarantee that affects all of eastern europe is probably cheaper than putting 30,000 men into each of these countries like you do in sk . 
  the effect is the same - an attack on that country becomes an attack on the us . 
  one by factual reality , one by the legal fiction of a treaty . 
  but i do n't want * any * of that being a reality . 
  i accept , through gritted teeth , that we 've set up south korea and japan so that they 're essentially dependent on us military might , and they can not be `` left in the lurch , '' but i would be very pleased to see these relationships coming to an end in the somewhat near future . 
   because invading a third country following 9/11 really stretched art . 
  5 to its limits . 
  it was never designed for that purpose . 
  absolutely . 
  us invoking article 5 was , in effect , us running around like chickens without heads . 
  nor can i blame any nation for not following us to the middle east , they are not at all worth dying over . 
  however , do n't you think it speaks volumes about the amount of influence the us gov * really * wields if it is incapable of persuading our most steadfast allies to join us in what was essentially a light dust up ? 
   i 'm not sure it 's irreplaceable . 
  i 'm fairly sure . 
  you 're not going to find a military as capable as ours , especially not if you aim to use that military against russians . 
   so you 're saying that because you think the east does n't benefit u.s. enough , you 'd be fine with the east being russia 's sphere of influence once again ? 
  as in , `` welcome back soviet union , we 'd rather have you than those ee countries not paying their 2 % to nato '' ? 
  absolutely !, 
  i 'm not against nato because i 'm butthurt europe wo n't pay their fair share , though i must admit even the appearance of trying to keep up with us would help me stomach membership . 
  i am against nato in principle . 
  the idea of the us pouring trillions into your continent and losing thousands , maybe even millions of troops is absolutely revolting to me . 
  when i see the rows upon rows upon rows of dead american soldiers buried on european soil , i do n't feel proud , i feel sickened . 
  european defense is a european issue . 
  the united states military should be a self defense force . 
   do you seriously believe that your influence in for example eastern europe would be as big if you were n't a guarantor for military protection ? 
  eastern europeans could worship the ground we walk on for all i know , but all i care about is * what does it offer us ? 
  * i hear `` influence '' brought up all the time , but how often does this `` influence '' pan out into a solid , tangible benefit ? 
  i could give you specifics : the us spends x amount of european defense and commits y number of troops to defending the continent , but could you do the same in reverse ? 
  or will it be the same nebulous `` oh you know ... benefits '' that i always seem to hear when i ask this question . 
  and it also must be asked , does this hypothetical benefit exist as a result of us nato membership ? 
  to my knowledge , the only time the us have ever received a true benefit for being a nato member was when we invoked article 5 after 9/11 . 
  even still , that goodwill ran out very quickly when it came time to go on the attack . 
   run its course ? 
  russia is still a big threat . 
   i 'm not . 
  we need the u.s. in that case , which is a member of nato , but the east has thrived before . 
  maybe it 's a semantic argument , but if we provide a service which you find irreplaceable , does n't that put us above you ? 
   listen , you might think that the u.s. is doing europe a favor in helping it against russia , but you have to stop with the superiority complex and realize that u.s. has an interest in impending russia to extend its sphere of influence . 
  it does n't just benefit ee , but also u.s. sure , nations do n't do a thing out of the goodness of their own hearts , but you have a loooooot of work to do to even out the disparity between us . 
  the absolute best you can offer us in terms of benefits are all nebulous . 
   nobody denys that nato leadership of the us grants you a lot of influence in europe . 
  then by all means , let me be the first . 
   but claiming that it is going to provoke a war inside europe and therefore needs to be dissolved ? 
  come on . 
  i disagree heavily with that belief , but if i * did * believe that , would the dissolution of the eu be such an outrageous idea ? 
  i mean , if it 's gon na cause ww3 ... 
  exactly !, 
   bro , the u.s made a commitment to nato , it 's not a favor . 
  and ? 
  the agreement has run its course . 
  and i disagree , it is a favor . 
  we receive nothing out of it , and you guys get whatever is needed . 
  that 's bullshit , and it wo n't last much longer one way or the other . 
   sure , we need u.s. military power in a aggressive russia scenario , but you 're not above anyone . 
  how you gon na disagree with yourself in the same sentence , homeslice ? 
   `` i do n't want to spend '' situation , it 's a `` i 'm not sure where to invest first since i do n't have enough many for all these things '' . 
  `` well , better not spend anything at all ''  this `` thank you for your service '' culture is so rooted in u.s. that you think if i was french i 'd thank you for your service right now lol i 'm going to go out on a limb and assume you do n't know much about american culture , hahahaha . 
  yeah , it 's hard to convey intent through text , but i hate using the / s tag so idk . 
  you do n't think wars are political affairs ? 
  you do n't think mutual defense treaties are political affairs ? 
  i mean , is n't the entire european rationale for america remaining in nato even though we , for some reason run the whole fucking show , that we receive * tons * of political favors and wield increased influence in the eu ? 
  nothing that happens in europe is our business , yet not a second goes by where we 're not wheeling and dealing in your backyard . 
  so again , i ask , does that `` fuck off '' apply to all non-eu nations , or just the ones that do n't want to play ball with you any more ? 
  i was being sarcastic , sometimes being american on the internet is like being a leper . 
  all good tho , i get to flex my eye rolling muscles often . 
  op says eu will cause ww3 , other guy replies telling the brit to fuck off and mind his own business , i reply by asking that guy if we could fuck off and mind our own business as well . 
  very , very simple progression here . 
  good , and hopefully you never have to, 
  tow my country ... next to my country ?
