   id rather just have an alliance with the uk than nato at this point since nato is so unbalanced . 
  i want out of nato altogether , personally . 
  this is the real answer . 
  we are definitely leaning on the brits, 
  wow , i totally expected otherwise, 
   apple got a preferable transfer pricing deal with the irish government so what your saying is , they paid their taxes . 
  but they did pay their taxes . 
  the eu contends that they should have paid more , after the fact , which is a big difference . 
  both apple and ireland disagree , either way . 
  apple paid their irish taxes , to a penny . 
  the eu wants more , retroactively . 
  that cash is american cash , and that is the position of the us government . 
  what 's more , that is the position of the * entire * us governement . 
  we so strongly feel that this fine wrong , the eu has actually managed to unite both the democrats and republicans in congress , mostly . 
  there is a big , big fight coming . 
  we 've already shut down their government twice now , hahaha, 
  vw actually deserved what happened , though . 
  same with bp . 
  the 15b in back taxes . 
  for the last time , nobody here gives a fuck if you tax them . 
  however , the fine you 've levied on them is money that belongs to the american taxpayer . 
  they should n't , it 's just an easy way to shit talk giant groups of people online with impunity . 
   crisps/potato chips . 
  lol 'd, 
  is n't it ? 
  history is badass !, 
  actually , as a matter of fact , u-202 [ landed ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_pastorius ) on my home island !, 
  [ a little , yeah . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amerika_bomber ) your spies had more successes . 
  they tried . 
  good times, 
  that 's news to me, 
  reeses cups are a better , tastier food than anything europe has created , ever . 
  you should phrase it better, 
  the police do n't have to do anything , it 's all about the media, 
  there does n't have to be some spooky secret conspiracy , the media will report that which gets them views . 
  [ what about it ? 
  ] ( https://14214-presscdn-0-8-pagely.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/the-nativity.jpg ), 
  right , it was no accident at all , americans built their own american companies and products to cater to americans and american society , and you guys just get to share in the fun . 
  and whine like fuckin ' crazy . 
  a mealy mouthed reply . 
  your governments let us spy on you to our hearts content , so if you 're terrified of our government knowing what you masturbate to , you might as well just not use the internet . 
   by extension usa has less free speech than germany because usa ranks lower on the press freedom index look up * why * that is , please . 
  it has nothing to do with what citizens can or can not say . 
  we rank low on those because our government goes after whistleblowers like manning and snowden . 
  that might be a little more than he bargained for, 
  when it comes to america , this subreddit takes a step closer to full retard every single day . 
  / r/askeurope is already a cesspool . 
  dat incredible entitlement, 
  not true , we 've bombed it, 
  jfcmsb, 
  storm clouds , fire and steel , death from above , made the enemy kneel !, 
  yes , quite right !, 
  geopolitics are ruthless and dirty , and there 's a few countries that import lots of western military tech that i 'd rather see with spears and rocks than guns and tanks on moral grounds , but it 's also super important countries like sa stay stable so you do what you got ta do . 
  everybody sells to the saudis . 
  weapons deals between the west and third world shithole states happen all the time because countries are not in the business of morality . 
  the same america with 320 million people in it . 
  that dude is concerned about the future of nato , i 'd end it today if i could . 
  americans are n't monolithic . 
  make sure you buy all your shit off of us !, 
  to my knowledge private gun ownership in nazi germany was legal except if you were jewish or something . 
  that wounded my very soul, 
  man , true or not , that is a statement that just does not come off well, 
  lololol you 're a fool , ask your eastern european friends if the end of ww2 meant safety for them , or if they 'd have preferred to be under the american sphere of influence . 
  pax americana is n't some made up term i came up with to win arguments with morons on reddit, 
  because if we do n't do it , somebody else will . 
  because you do n't live on an island . 
  try to be less myopic . 
  are you a youtube comment ? 
  the reality is that the american led post-ww2 world order is the safest and most secure point in the history of humanity . 
  literally , as soon as we wrested control of the world from europe , we made it a safer place . 
  i do find it funny you europeans get so high and mighty about shit , but you 're the most bloodthirsty group of people on the planet . 
  nobody has done more to advance the cause of human suffering than europe . 
  why , been invaded recently ? 
  navies are brilliant at projecting power but you need the capability to put boots on the ground . 
  there is a world outside europe , and as one of the richest and most populous groups of people on earth , you have a moral obligation to help ensure its safety and security , and an eu army is one mean towards that end . 
  better late than never, 
  of course . 
  though i did n't see the source of the last two , almost all of them have to do with us, 
  [  tfw all the european cartoons are about your non-european nation ] ( https://funsubstance.com/uploads/gif/120/120852.gif ), 
  not real, 
  dafuq is a yob ? 
  never heard that one, 
  unlike the grand armee or the wehrmacht , our logistics are n't pathetic , so they never could . 
  germany did n't have the logistical capability to get meaningful amounts of armies ashore in the uk anyhow , even if you commandeered the boats of private citizens . 
  sea lion is so far fetched even alternate history fans hate hearing about it . 
  nazi naval planners estimated that it would take 1,722 barges , 1,161 motor boats , 741 tugs and 155 transports to land the 100k troops along a 200 mile front from ramsgate to lyme bay like the first wave of sea lion called for according to the army . 
  taking away that amount of barges and tugs from the home front would have been ruinous to the german economy , and erich raeder even told hitler so . 
  and to top it off , like you mentioned , fighting off the rn and the raf would be a very tall order on top of all of that , perhaps too tall . 
  besides , like you mentioned hitler was waaaaaaaaaaaay more obsessed with the russians . 
  he even held for a long time the delusional belief that he could get britain to side with him , possibly because he admired the british so much . 
  he thought germany and the uk were natural allies against the soviets and eventually they 'd figure out what was * really * going on and join him . 
  fair enough , but only by virtue of the channel . 
  even still , the blitz went very well for the nazis until they switched to terror bombing . 
  i expect the poster i replied to would have liked to have seen the continuation of the war , something like operation unthinkable . 
  to the contrary , roosevelt was pretty concerned with the post-war ambitions of not only stalin , but even churchill as well . 
  roosevelt was pragmatic , for instance , the [ welles delcaration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welles_declaration ) is a good example of what he thought of aggressive soviet expansion . 
  however , as distasteful as it is , you are right that the western allies sacrificed eastern europe to placate stalin and the russians , who proved vital to winning the war . 
  i do n't like it almost as much as you do n't . 
  and you said your mistake was overestimating the french .
