  just asking for a friend, 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  goddamn right it is, 
  there are substantially less of them here , and there is a very robust intelligence web for the few who need to be watched . 
  as i explained in another comment , americans are in more danger from white christian extremists than muslims , not to mention that i 'm * not * confident it wont happen to us , since we 're the great satan and all that . 
  attacking america is always an ambitious task , however . 
  also , i believe they did , but comparing a pre-9 / 11 world and a post-9 / 11 world is apples to oranges . 
  a very poor , very stupid one , based on nothing . 
  christians in america are far more dangerous , through both violence and government influence . 
  i do n't care about muslim americans any more or less than i do any other american , jackass . 
  that 's a pretty wild assumption there , friendo . 
  the director of the fbi could probably say whatever the hell he wants , how would i know ? 
  i 'm just some guy . 
  all i 'm saying is he 's the most credible voice in the discussion and i got ta take his word for it . 
  i can understand the cynicism , but i ca n't argue against conspiracies . 
  the `` investigators '' in your posted article are actually federal investigators , working for a bureau . 
  when the director of those investigators comes out a few days later and says they were radicalized before they met , i have no choice but to believe him , considering the lack of any credible evidence to the contrary . 
  yet , there are many key differences between those attacks and the san bernardino attacks , mainly the fact that refugees were involved , and they were known suspects connected with isis . 
  i will respectfully side with the director of the [ fbi ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/09/us/san-bernardino-shooting/index.html ) on this one , especially since my article is younger . 
  yeah , but he was radicalized before meeting her ( in our best buddies country , saudi arabia ) and before isis . 
  plan probably is n't possible without him . 
  not really . 
  they were n't isis , just inspired by them , and they were domestic anyway . 
  unfortunately , moats ca n't stop ideas . 
  there are negative isis cells in the us , when one comes over , he is atomized and disappears from existence forever . 
  i 've seen it happen . 
  we 're gon na stop buying moats from the chinese , we 're gon na stop letting moats in from mexico , we 're gon na make moats great again !, 
  shoutout to the atlantic ocean , best moat ever, 
  nobody cares about your opinions on the internet, 
  yeah , he got pretty bothered by that thread a while back , it 's not the first or last of his comments about bread and cheese . 
  anyway , i do n't really care how we 're perceived , and i could just spend more time on / r/murica if i really did , just wanted to explain that he 's being facetious . 
  i 'm sure he knows , but he 's being bitter and shitty about how americans are perceived worldwide , especially on the web . 
  he did an excellent job filling in for jon stewart when jon was busy directing his film . 
  i think oliver is a dope , but he deserved his own shot after what he did . 
  no thank you, 
  cool w / it, 
  if i wanted to say we won the war for you , i would have just come out and said it , we do n't mince words . 
  it 's just an objective fact that you were fortunate to receive american aid , however . 
  fdr went against not only the wishes of the american public , but [ american law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neutrality_acts_of_1930s ) as well . 
  after losing over 100 thousand people for no reason at all in world war 1 , we were trying to avoid getting sucked into another massive european conflict . 
  you were fortunate that not only did fdr have the means to aid the uk , he had the desire , despite winning the 1940 election due in part to promises to keep out of ww2 . 
  nazi germany did not have the capability to cross the channel , let alone the atlantic ocean . 
  instead of chilling out in our continental fortress , however , we began to arm and supply the uk through [ cash and carry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cash_and_carry_\\ ( world_war_ii ) \\ and [ lend-lease ] ( https://www.ibiblio.org/hyperwar/usa/bigl/bigl-5.html ) despite being clear violations of the spirit of the neutrality acts . 
  there is a reason winston churchill [ celebrated ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/quotes/285-now-at-this-very-moment-i-knew-that-the-united ) the attack on pearl harbor . 
  we chose to oppose germany , despite them being far from a threat to us . 
  since the popular european attitude towards isolationism in the 30 's is one of [ cunty entitlement ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4fz6tm/uk_defence_spending_19002015_of_gdp/d2e7a7u ) , if anything like that ever happens again , i sincerely hope we just stay home . 
  deal with your own fuckin ' problems next time . 
  all just lapdogs that talk funny to me, 
  eh you 're all the same, 
  look it 's not an important enough place for me to know about , ok ? 
  all i got left in my repertoire is a alcoholic crack and then i 'm all out , already used my ira and potato responses . 
  \\  calls others plebs \\  still ca n't afford a potato, 
  \\  needs explanation for simple joke \\  calls others stupid, 
  and adolf and his merry band of assholes used that time to beef up the wehrmacht and gobble up territories , but i guess the reminder rubs people the wrong way, 
  worked that out , did you ? 
  i 'd retort , but i 'm afraid you 'd blow up my car, 
  that 's sad, 
  i did n't say that either, 
  apparently your schools suck , because your reading comprehension is shit . 
  not once did i say we won the war for you , i said next time you can do it all yourselves , the nazis were not our problem until we decided to make it so . 
  right , and considering nazi germany was nowhere near ready for war with the allies on september 1st , 1939 , let alone earlier than that , it would have resulted in a crushing defeat for nazi germany . 
  instead , british and french appeasement led to the most destructive war in the history of the human race . 
  the whole european feeling wrt the us policy of isolationism during the world wars makes me sick to my stomach every time i see it , as if it 's our responsibility to rush across the atlantic on our shiny white horse every time europe fucks themselves over . 
  as i said a little bit above this , they ought to be thankful we decided to help in the first place . 
  would n't have been a war if you did n't appease, 
  next time y' all can do it on your own , consider yourselves lucky we deigned to interfere in the first place . 
  france is n't our special friend either . 
  we do n't have a `` special relationship '' with anybody . 
  getting the wall would be easy . 
  getting mexico to pay for it is the real challenge . 
  obama is n't voting m8ey , and neither am i. 
  they can pick whatever they like , but there will be negative repercussions to a brexit wrt the us/uk relationship and here is the potus confirming it . 
  history is just that , history . 
  we have been close because they have been in an excellent position to advance our very similar interests . 
  if the uk removes itself from a position to represent our interests , we will find someone else to work with . 
  there is absolutely no reason why we should back them if they leave . 
  the `` special relationship '' is n't even really a thing . 
  when a country , any country , works against american interests , there 's going to consequences to those actions . 
  i see no reason why we should be obligated to reward the poor decision making skills of others . 
  and with no u.k. to stop us , we can finally annex canada like we 've always dreamed about !, 
  just the front . 
  but tbh if someone * had * to be taken off of it to appease minority groups , it should 've been jackson . 
  when i think of canadian military excellence , i think of the world wars , personally . 
  especially the first . 
  jobs well done . 
  brits burned down the white house . 
  then god punished them with a storm then we kicked their asses in new orleans . 
  that does n't seem right but i do n't know enough about bulgaria to dispute it, 
  lol , they survived 2 world wars , living next to the soviets and god knows how many other horrors , i think they 'll survive a few fucked migrants, 
   i did n't realize kids were getting punished by forcing them to stay in their rooms until the day they die . 
  aww , do n't say that , he might get his parole after he 's nice and rehabilitated !, 
   i have a problem with you because you keep making this very false and misleading analogies that do n't even make any sense . 
  they 're not false , and they make perfect sense . 
  this sentence is softer than butter left out on a hot day , it 's a slap on the wrist and dealing with terrorists in this way is a massive joke . 
  if i were breivik , i 'd be laughing my ass off . 
   for some reason you also think it 's all ps4 and having fun over there and that it 's the equivalent of being unemployed and shooting the shit in your house for a while . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's still prison , even if they do have better facilities than in other countries . 
  why would n't i ? 
  that 's what he was sentenced to , lmao .
