  or at least i was , until you showed up . 
  now i 'm just letting you play the jester . 
   let 's hope it happens to you . 
  have a nice day !, 
  kek , this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  deep breaths mate , there is no need to be upset . 
  i sincerely hope you get treatment you need for your issues , have a good evening . 
   and multiple people have told and showed you you are wrong . 
  well , they 've certainly told me i am wrong . 
  they have n't really proven anything except for their own ideals and lack of knowledge . 
  even you , a true paragon of rational thought and intellectual discourse , have been unable to provide me with anything other than a `` nuh uh !!!!!!!! '', 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6z8q4lordu ) is a video of an american cop shooting a suspect , who then receives his own rifle , and shoots the cop dead . 
  that 's what happens when you `` shoot to wound . '', 
   you clearly do , that 's why you brought it up . 
  no , again , i was making fun of you . 
  it 's a joke , not a cock , do n't take it so hard . 
   the guy who says that police always have to kill when shooting did n't say that . 
  i said that you do n't shoot unless you 're prepared to kill , because that 's what guns do to people . 
  for the last time , the officer in question obviously did not value the life of the terrorist , or he was simply scared for his life after he was attacked and wounded . 
  if he survives the shooting , fantastic , but to expect your shot to only wound instead of kill is * fucking retarded . 
  *  i do n't care for downvotes , why do you ? 
  i do n't , just noticed you were on a crusade to downvote each of my posts , and i just noticed you missed one . 
  would n't want you to leave a job unfinished . 
  whatever you say mate , you should try being a less angry , uniformed person . 
  you will grow as a result . 
  ps : you forgot to reflexively downvote my `` fathom '' comment , get on it, 
  the only context where it makes sense to bring up your language is the context where you 're upset i 'm making fun of you . 
   phantom fathom . 
   why it 's important to arrest a terrorist [ wrong . 
  ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/19/us/new-york-explosion-investigation/ )  see why i even brought up dutch . 
  because you were mad i 'm making fun of your spotty english ? 
   so unimportant that it is the single most influential language in english  if i wanted to talk about history , i 'd be laughing at you for getting invaded by nazis , i 'm talking about the present day , where nobody but the dutch speak it , because it 's unimportant . 
   have a good time being shot by the police !, 
  you 're too retarded to reason with . 
  you , at no time in this discussion , have used reason even once . 
  you immediately came through with bad insults and personal attacks , and have only degenerated from there . 
  i can hardly contain my amusement . 
  you do n't have a point , and you know it . 
  you saw the flag next to my name and got badly butthurt . 
   the fact that you do n't want to argue facts and merely your agenda tells a lot . 
  do they have the concept of irony in the netherlands ? 
  i suspect not . 
  i 'm not used to wanting for things , so i do n't know what that 's like  maar goed i do n't speak dutch because it 's an incredibly unimportant language . 
  that sentence makes sense as a sentence , but has no application in this context . 
  if you 're going to speak english , it helps to know what you 're talking about , but that has n't stopped you to this point , so ... 
   facts of the matter : your police kill way more people at any rate then european cops do in any country . 
  one might argue that you have no right to snark about `` shooting someone in the leg is retarded '' , but i 'm not one who tries oppress someone for thinking different . 
  have fun being shot , amerifat !, 
  try being less butthurt . 
  if i wanted to have a nationalist pissing match , i 'd prefer to do it with someone who could reasonably challenge me . 
  fact of the matter : what my police do has nothing to do with what i 'm talking about here , though it could be reasonably said our cops would have handled this better , seeing as they would n't have let a suspect break their nose after the guy already stabbed two cops . 
  just a hunch , though . 
  imagine the gall of an amerifat criticizing you !, 
  lol . 
   but i 'm not one who tries oppress someone for thinking different . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  you 're all scrambled , bro . 
  i 'm not even sure i 'd accuse you of thinking just yet . 
  at least all of your fellow posters had points they were able to articulate . 
   what i was saying is that the mentality that the police have to kill a person when they shoot at them is , in a word , crazy . 
  nobody said that once . 
  do you honestly think that i think the police in this situation should have executed the guy ? 
  my point is , and always has been , that the gun is a tool of lethal force and when you discharge another firearm at a person , you run the risk of killing them , because that is the purpose of a gun , and if you want to take people out without killing them , use non-lethal ammunition . 
   you were the one saying , and i quote , `` shooting someone in the leg is retarded , and that 's why a bunch of people got stabbed '' true , my mistake , what i should have said is `` that 's why an officer got his nose broken '' because the officer that fired also was successfully attacked by the terrorist . 
  your the second person to try that on me and the second person its failed for . 
  you do n't have the power of snark on your side , sorry to say . 
  that 's challenge accepted material if i 've ever seen it, 
  well every single self defense class will teach you that your best move is * always * to remove yourself from the situation , but we 're talking about law enforcement , and they do n't have that luxury . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/19/us/new-york-explosion-investigation/ ) literally happened weeks ago . 
  it 's far from being out of our imagination , you smug dick , it 's just not an outcome you should reasonably expect . 
  yeah , no doubt that they should only use lethal force as a last resort , but sometimes they * have * to be street killers because their job gives them no other choice , especially so in my country , or [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/ulum9kpkvdo ) happens . 
  still , my point this entire time that a gun is a tool that you use in that specific instance only , when the situation calls for it . 
  it 's not something you pull out willy nilly . 
  i 'll forget more about guns than you 'll ever know, 
  of course , any weapon can de-escalate a situation , and that 's best case scenario . 
  but if shtf like it did today , apparently , the point of using the gun is to neutralize your target with extreme prejudice . 
  if they live , hey that 's awesome , but if they do n't , whatever , dude had it coming, 
  that is most definitely a thing , but by drawing your weapon you are committing to using it . 
  for example , what happens if the person you drew against * does n't * stop ? 
  you have to be prepared to use it , and use it effectively . 
  the whole reason americans are constitutionally allowed to have guns is to kill things . 
  the whole reason guns exist is to kill things . 
  that we use guns recreationally at ranges and shit has nothing to do with what 's happened here , unless you want to argue human beings are the same as soda bottles , paper and bullet traps . 
  you are quite correct , the highest mortality % for a gsw is 50 % , and that 's for headshots . 
  however , i feel like you 're losing your moral high ground if you 're going to tell me that cops in `` civilized countries '' opt to shoot people in the legs like super 1337 tv show cops instead of being responsible enough to use non-lethal means to subdue perps they want alive . 
  obviously , the officer that fired felt that the life of the perp was secondary , and the terrorist is very fortunate to be alive , and is n't alive by design . 
  against living targets , absolutely . 
  there is a wide variety of non-lethal ammunition available if you 'd like to take someone down without the very likely risk of killing them . 
  guns should not be drawn if you are not willing and/or forced to kill . 
  and so can hitting someone with a car but i think we 'd agree that you would n't hit someone with a car unless you made a horrific accident or you were looking to murder someone . 
  because a long time ago americans did [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/58/minstrel_posterbillyvanware_edit.jpg ) and now since we 're the worlds dominant culture , our media likes to apply american lenses to international contexts . 
  our bad , yo . 
  shooting at all is shooting to kill . 
  literally the first or second rule of gun safety is `` do n't point a gun at anything you 're not willing to kill . '', 
  if they 're going to continue to wantonly stab people , yes . 
  and if you want them alive , then you use non-lethal means . 
  bullets are for killing . 
  probably cause shooting someone in the leg is retarded , and that 's why a bunch of people got stabbed, 
  it 's minstrel shows , not slavery , and since there were n't minstrel shows overseas this is far from racist . 
  that said , it 's still fucking weird .
