  also , the us did n't arm al-qaeda , we armed the mujahideen . 
   i love the us and i 'm not anti-american at all , but do n't try to sell me the idea of a better world because the american foreign policy because that 's laughable and a total lie . 
  i did n't think you are , these types of perceptions are fairly popular in one form of another . 
  for example , you see this kind of thinking in my own country in the form of trump supporters and some others , who think that crime is through the roof , but is really at the lowest point in a long while . 
  anyway , pax americana is n't really in question , the real question is how long will it last . 
  the world is at its most secure when a single nation with a dominant economy is the dominant world power , but the world is becoming more multipolar by the day . 
  it does n't matter what it seems , the fact is that if you value stability , wealth , education , prosperity in general , there is no better time to be alive than the present . 
  looks like a power washer advert, 
  the world is as stable as it 's ever been under the us , lol . 
  in fact , the less prominence the us has around the world , the more unstable it will become . 
  our hold loosens a bit every day , so watch and learn . 
  we 're gon na fuck 'em all to death !, 
  they need divine protection from the blasphemy they are about to listen to , obvs, 
  nothing of value was lost, 
  we * give * the boot up the ass , not take it , mate . 
  it 's the american way . 
  no , i made it on time . 
  the only book to survive was the dictionary , which you can use to look up the word `` joke . '', 
  looks like someone 's asking for a boot up the ass . 
  `` apologizing '', 
   all people are able to be quite easily incredibly evil , each of us . 
  aggression and hatred are most natural constituents of human behavior . 
  now you 're going to philosophize to me to justify soviet war crimes ? 
  yes , all nations that go to war commit war crimes , because like you said all men have the capacity for evil and it is inevitable that some will express it . 
  however , not all armies are walking war crimes like the wehrmacht , imperial japanese army or the red army . 
   americans are the same as all other people . 
  if they underwent history ( 1914-1945 ) like russians and other people of soviet union . 
  sure , we 're all the same until we grow up and begin learning . 
  then we are not . 
  some of us turn out better than others . 
   robert bales murdered 16 afghan civilians yeah , and he was , as you said , recognized as a war criminal and sent to jail for the rest of his life . 
  many of us were displeased with that result . 
  we thought he should die for what he did . 
  but again , individuals committing heinous crimes is different than massive rape and murder campaigns . 
   `` from american histories , you would think the primary feature of the vietnam war was combat . 
  it was n't . 
  yes yes , war is quite terrible . 
  what you have consistently failed to understand here that isolated happenings are not even close to the same as what happened between the nazis and the soviets . 
  and , yet again , you make the mistake of conflating legitimate warfare and war crimes . 
  `` the majority of the assaults were committed in the soviet occupation zone ; estimates of the numbers of german women raped by soviet soldiers have ranged up to 2 million . 
  according to historian william hitchcock , in many cases women were the victims of repeated rapes , some as many as 60 to 70 times . 
  at least 100,000 women are believed to have been raped in berlin , based on surging abortion rates in the following months and contemporary hospital reports , with an estimated 10,000 women dying in the aftermath.female deaths in connection with the rapes in germany , overall , are estimated at 240,000 . 
  antony beevor describes it as the `` greatest phenomenon of mass rape in history '' , and has concluded that at least 1.4 million women were raped in east prussia , pomerania and silesia alone . 
  according to natalya gesse , russian soldiers raped german females from eight to eighty years old . '', 
  that 's not even beginning to cover all of the shit . 
  so not only did the victorious soviet army act like a horde of barbarians the world had not seen in centuries , nobody even cared !, 
  it was all okay !, 
  stalin himself said he would `` understand it if a soldier who has crossed thousands of kilometres through blood and fire and death has fun with a woman or takes some trifle . '', 
  absolutely fucking disgusting . 
  it is evil from the top down . 
  you really need to stop excusing it . 
  not even the best brit trio, 
  oh is that what they taught you at school ? 
  brainwashed idiot / s, 
   i did not draw any equivalence . 
  of course you did , that was the purpose of bringing up strategic bombing . 
  you attempted to draw a parallel between soviet war crimes and american strategic bombing . 
  look man , i 'm an american , i deal with shit like this online all the time , it 's not even the first time someone tried that nonsense in this very page , you 're not fooling anybody . 
   reality is not a stupid western movie who said it was ? 
  all i said was that both the soviet union and nazi germany were both evil empires , both facts . 
   all it was war to survive genocide attempt as i wrote above i understand that . 
  what you are not understanding is that raping hundreds of thousands of women to death , mass executions , ect . 
  is not an acceptable answer to any invasion . 
  the jews were trying to survive a genocide attempt as well , but there 's a distinct lack of jewish perpetrated crimes against humanity . 
   soviet people had no other alternative than accept stalin 's leadership a fight to last drop of blood . 
  but they * did * have an alternative to all the rapes , murders , torturing , ect . 
  they did n't take it . 
  instead , they enslaved half of europe . 
  they 're evil . 
  the red army was an army of monsters . 
  again , the only difference between the nazis and the soviets was the nazi objective to exterminate , whereas the soviets simply encouraged it , and the efficiency . 
  the germans set up mechanized death camps , the soviets did it the good old fashioned way . 
   100 000 killed vietnamese civilians make humanist american to laugh . 
  whataboutist trolls drawing false equivalencies on the internet make me laugh  the death people apperciate it . 
  it is really relief if you find you was murdered in accord with un conventions . 
  yes , war is bad . 
  people die in war . 
   sorry but you do n't understand the core of world war ii in eastern europe . 
  wrong , you 're simply repeating common knowledge and using it to excuse barbarity . 
  again , there is not much , if anything , you can teach me about the war . 
   avenge those who did not survive partly through mass deportations , rapes , and murders on a massive scale , yes i know , that is my point . 
  barbarity . 
   how would have american soldiers pampered such enemy ? 
  they would not work them to death like the soviets , they would not starve them like the soviets , they would not rape them en masse like the soviets and they would not mass murder them like the soviets . 
  they would be sent to pow camps , and treated according to the geneva convention , like the hundreds of thousands of nazi pows who surrendered to americans in ww2 and when they stayed in our country afterwards , it was because they * liked * it here , not because they were forced to like soviet pows . 
   and speaking about barbarians and evil empires ask for example vietnamese people about us `` strategic '' bombing ( only 100 000 civilians killed ) strategic bombing is not a war crime , lol, 
   sorry , i do n't understand at all now !, 
  right , like i said , to a lesser extent . 
  during the civil war , we burnt down half the country , the president was murdered , our country was almost destroyed . 
  that is the comparison . 
  it was america at our worst . 
   world war ii casualties of the soviet union are estimated about 25 million people , look at the linked article . 
  i highly doubt there is much , if anything , you can teach me about the second world war . 
  no disrespect , but the casualty numbers are for damn sure not news to me . 
   after defeat at stalingrad germans applied scorched earth policy destroying everything . 
  that 's my point . 
  i said they were both barbarous , and they were . 
  the eastern front of ww2 was a clash between 2 of the most evil empires of all time . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  our civil war was pretty brutal , but obviously not as brutal as ww2 .
