   if aircraft carriers ever go up against railgun-equipped ships they 'll be absolutely screwed , there 's no way for such a large vessel to camouflage itself from long-range radar / satellite surveillance and rangefinding right now we 're the only nation even close to fielding functional rail guns , and when they work , there is a chance they will even be on our carriers , too . 
  further , the new ford class carriers incorporate stealth elements to reduce it 's radar cross section , much the same way the zumwalt does , which appears as a fishing boat on radars . 
   cruise missiles like the brahmos are a major threat to aircraft carriers . 
  the upcoming brahmos ii will have a top speed of mach 7 and therefore be almost unstoppable by any current anti-missile countermeasure . 
  carriers do not sail alone , not even close . 
  however , for a missile to hit a carrier , it first needs to actually * find * the carrier , and then it needs to get a large amount of missiles on target . 
  once that has happened , those missiles need to pass a veritable gauntlet of countermeasures . 
  you can learn more about that [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcwdfay4ow4 ) in the unlikely event those missiles make it through every obstacle in the way of them hitting a carrier , it still actually has to sink it . 
  nimitz class carriers are not made of glass . 
  they have taken worse wounds than an asm could inflict , and have lived to tell the tale . 
  also , the us navy has it 's own hypersonic asms , and are currently developing a multitude of countermeasures capable of dealing with them also , including lasers and rail guns . 
   i disagree with your assertion and believe the future lies in stealthier / faster destroyers if you think a carrier is so vulnerable to asm 's , why would you think the role of a surface fleet would expand ? 
  destroyers are vulnerable in the exact same way carriers are . 
   aircraft carriers will go the way of the battleship , which was retired specifically because of how vulnerable it was to new developments in aircraft technology . 
  there is no evidence whatsoever that an event like that is even close to taking place . 
  that 's ... not accurate, 
  zumwalt is a ground supporter , not much in the way of fighting other ships . 
  she 's longer and heavier than the ticonderogas tho . 
  they have nukes iirc , just lacking a decent delivery system . 
  in any case , nukes being the sole determinant to superpower status would make the uk , france , pakistan and probably israel superpowers , which they are not . 
  there 's no real definition on what makes a superpower , but nuclear capability alone definitely is n't it . 
  yeah , the kirov 's are pretty , definitely better looking than the ticonderogas , but on the subject of the zumwalts , i just ca n't agree . 
  it took me a bit for the tumblehome design to grow on me , but it certainly has . 
  i think if anything takes away from her appearance , it 's the fact that she 's goddamn massive . 
  not even close , [ look at this thing , ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cf/us_navy_100329-n-1481k-293_uss_independence_%28lcs_2%29_arrives_at_mole_pier_at_naval_air_station_key_west.jpg/800px-us_navy_100329-n-1481k-293_uss_independence_%28lcs_2%29_arrives_at_mole_pier_at_naval_air_station_key_west.jpg ) it 's like floating soviet architecture, 
  not a chance , my man . 
  zumwalt looks like an ancient greek designed a modern stealth destroyer , the lcs ' look like they were designed by gene roddenberry . 
  it 's best at terrorizing smaller nations because there is n't shit they can do about it , but the aircraft carrier is the # 1 tool of hard power projection . 
  they have been the kings of the seas since the 30 's and will remain so for the indefinite future . 
  [ it 's beautiful !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ssbmsnr.jpg ) i mean , she 's no iowa class or anything but that is a sleek ship . 
  now , if you want to see an unconventional ship that truly is ugly , take a gander at the [ independence class lcs ] ( http://www.navy.mil/ah_online/lcs/photos/lcs1.jpg ), 
  the zumwalt is beautiful , son . 
  just 'cause she 's unconventional does n't mean she is n't purdy . 
  no it 's not , because that would make north korea a superpower , which is such a silly thought it made me giggle . 
  if it is , it 's certainly not applying the reliability to their f-35 articles , which are practically the free space in `` f-35 complaint bingo . '', 
  hard to take them credibly when you 've seen them botch something up badly . 
  is there a better source ? 
  i do n't doubt the thing is crap but i dismiss wib out of hand now, 
  god bless newport news, 
  obviously, 
  history could n't possibly have any bearing on the present or future , obviously, 
  nelson is the fuckin ' man . 
  you 're a dumbass, 
  well now i know why there 's so much goddamn orange in my state . 
  i 'll beat a motherfucker with another motherfucker !, 
  fine , fuck yourselves , get ready to eat a russian or chinese dick then , not our problem . 
  best leave space to nasa then, 
  that 's because people in albania are n't clever, 
  now you have fucked up !, 
  nothing 's expensive by our standard . 
  i mean expensive for a state of the art 5th generation stealth fighter . 
  oh , and a measly 55 thousand dead, 
  and how much did it cost us ? 
  i 'll pass on those kinds of principles . 
  not pointless , but a waste . 
  do n't seem to recall why we should be responsible for , say , the korean peninsula . 
  at least fucking up japan was self defense . 
   this strikes me as borderline racism . 
  it can strike you however you please , that 's of no concern to me , i do n't control your thoughts . 
  i would say the same about any of the numerous places the government has walked our troops into slaughters in the past century plus . 
   if you know that , then do n't say that the primary factor is the public 's unwillingness . 
  does that not make sense to you ? 
  `` obama does n't truly intervene in sectarian conflicts around the world because the us public opposes it . '', 
  the guy vaporizes assholes around the world with robots , and we as a people are ( mostly ) cool with that , because no troops are endangered . 
   obama has helped to kill that part of our national spirit good goddamn riddance . 
   i worry about what that 's going to do to us in the long run . 
  encourage introspection , for starters . 
  we will be fine , it makes more sense to worry about others . 
   clinton is totally right when she says that great nations need organizing principles . 
  does endless world policing have to be one of those principles ? 
   expensive enough to force us to postpone other investments such as new artillery . 
  that is an issue with your own procurement system then , not us . 
   and now newly leaked government documents show that you 're pressuring us into to buying new poseidon planes before they close down the production line . 
  `` pressuring ? '', 
  yeah , we want you to buy our shit . 
  however , you are a sovereign nation , and we did n't force you to buy anything . 
  and lets face it , where in the world are you going to get a better spy plane ? 
  your nation understands the value of quality , amongst other things . 
   ca n't wait for when we start replacing our submarines , that ought to be fun . 
  you 're safe from our heavy handed tyranny on that front , we 're not interested in helping others grow submarine fleets . 
   have i mentioned the new intelligence ship `` marjata '' that spent several months in the us being fitted with god knows what . 
  mind control is my guess . 
   oh , and there 's also the new us mandated military radars being built right next to the russian border . 
  you mean the update to globus ? 
   they 're probably good planes , but we hardly need 52 of them . 
  then do n't order that many , lol . 
   american officials interfered during the bidding round and told us that we 'd be in trouble `` in trouble ? '', 
  were we going to beat you up if you said no ? 
   the f35 was not selected based on its merits and technical superiority , but due to american pressure . 
  i disagree . 
  it is obviously a better plane , and norway made the choice most relevant to it 's interests . 
  look , we never should have went , iraq is n't even close to being worth american lives/treasure . 
  the blame for iraq must always fall chiefly on the shoulders of gwb . 
  it 's also worth noting that the negative perception of the war existed before obama even became a presidential candidate . 
  but it 's true , once you 're in you 're in , and obama should have supported the occupation . 
  of course he 's partly responsible , but the primary factor is most americans hesitance to invade anywhere post-iraqi freedom . 
  he does n't have nearly enough political capital to sell one to us . 
   it 's not that he ca n't ; he 's actually against it .
