  well that 's no real surprise , i 'd wager they 'd love to see us out of the way . 
   if the us is content with being a regional power in the americas and giving up its superpower status , then sure . 
  but someone else will pick up the torch , probably china or russia , then you 'll have to play by their rules . 
  we do n't play by anybody 's rules , though they 'd obviously be able to pursue their own interests uninterrupted . 
  this is far better , but still nebulous . 
   how about securing trans-atlantic and global trade routes from whom ? 
  somalian pirates ? 
  meraudering chinese ? 
  evil commie rooskies ? 
   protecting us investments in europe which are three times bigger than in asia this is a european job . 
   ensuring europe remains allied with the us and not with russia against the us so you need a boot a throat to ensure you behave ? 
  with friends like these ...  which brings other benefits like allowing us companies better market access which they 'd get , us hegemony or no . 
   and influencing european politics . 
  this in turn increases wealth and prosperity for americans who can export their products to europe . 
  hardly . 
  europe reacts negatively to much of american pressure . 
  see the reaction to obama 's statement on brexit , or the reactions to our trade deals for example . 
   rest assured , if the us stops caring about europe , it will fall into russias sphere of influence and they 're not exactly your biggest fans . 
  maybe . 
  i doubt it , but maybe . 
  still , seems like a whopping load of not our problem . 
  so that 's it ? 
  our benefit for doing superpower things is `` permission '' to continue being a superpower ? 
  you said the amount of benefits is immense , there 's got to be more . 
  we get away with that because there 's nothing anybody can do about it , our military strength being only one of the factors leading to that . 
  see , this is what i mean by `` nebulous '' though . 
  i can point to europe and say the us has invested x amount of people for y amount of money for z amount of years , but when i ask for some benefits we reap from that ... it 's about things we only do * because * we 're a super power in the first place . 
  because why should we give a fuck if you do n't ? 
  it 's not a difficult target to reach . 
   the amount of benefits the us gets out of its status is immense can you name some ? 
  seems pretty nebulous . 
  no , it 's not , which is why i added the sentence about destroying built up good will , though in retrospect that was n't the best sentence i ever constructed , so i could see why my intent did n't come across clearly . 
  i think it 's just because of the massive scope of the war with so many dead . 
  even the wwi casualty page lists military wounded . 
  yes , as casualty statistics do . 
  even if that were not commonplace , i care as much about the guys who came back fucked in the head or missing body parts as much as i do the guys who did n't come back at all . 
  sure pal . 
  over 1 million in ww2 alone , over 300k between vietnam and korea . 
  should n't have said millions though , should have been `` over a million . '', 
  haha , so now you 're gon na blame us for fighting the nazis too ? 
  you 're deluded . 
  sounds like your real problem is you 're a weak nation on a continent that routinely empowers psychopaths . 
  here 's the kicker ; between the nazis and communists , america has suffered millions of casualties , toppled numerous governments , democratically elected or otherwise , and ( justifiably ) destroyed almost all the good will we spent our country 's entire existence building in the process , almost got ourselves nuked multiple times , and spent incredible amounts of money that would be unfathomable to someone who lives in a country as small as yours , and * it was never , not once , our problem until we decided to help , because it was the right thing to do . 
  * blow me , sincerely . 
  consider putin your problem , he can drag his nuts all across your country for all i care . 
  get the fuck out of here , you want your commie infestation eradicated ? 
  do it your fucking self . 
  america fought communism everywhere it * might * appear for decades , and half the world hates our guts for it . 
  it 'll be a cold day in hell when i die fighting the russians for you . 
  another truly lovely person, 
  now that 's persuasive !, 
  now if you can get the eu some credit for the witcher 3 , then you 'd be in business, 
  that 's crooked hillary for ya, 
  america to europe : shut the fuck up, 
  america to europe : shut the fuck up, 
  i have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about, 
  funny how life works out , eh ? 
  uk is the safest answer . 
   it was insane , before that france was probably the biggest ally of the us . 
  you gave them the fucking statue of liberty ... nah , not really . 
  we do certainly have a pretty complex history though . 
  theology reconciles all questions . 
  the question that can theology can not simply explain away does not exist yet . 
   `` that 's fine , we do n't care about foreign opinion . '', 
  except obviously you do , because your government is making statements to that effect . 
  citizens opinions and the opinions of their politicians often do n't line up . 
  goddamn that 's fantastic stuff . 
  stupid , but fantastic . 
  what a pretty place . 
  it 's a real shame humans are trash, 
  yeah ? 
  you and what army ? 
  uhh ... thanks albania !, 
  sing as well as he did in the 80s, 
  all of us , really . 
  if anything , they need to tell us that it 's not as bad as we make it out to be . 
  some of us are expecting a european caliphate any day now . 
  y' all get good shit over there ? 
  is it common for european police/swat/whatever to leave the mags out of their weapons ? 
   you know how that 's going to work ? 
  strong us participation in deterrence with armed forces in eastern europe !, 
  how it 's going to and how it should are two different things . 
   how naive can you be ? 
  we do n't have to leave the continent to vacation , europe is far , far away . 
   defending democratic countries from undemocratic countries is now comparable to buying prostitutes ? 
  it 's as good a way of wasting money as any other , i suppose . 
  defending nations that are not named `` the united states of america '' should not be in the agenda of the us military . 
   it 's not a poor investment if it keeps those countries free to trade with you ... countries will continue to trade with the united states so long as the united states continues to be a thing . 
   what hurts your economy already hurts your citizens . 
  not as much as a bullet , i 'd wager . 
   but you think we are going to convince the isolationist brits or the siesta and russia-loving mediterraneans to do that ? 
  no , you prefer petty squabbles , that much is clear . 
   people may be fine for helping to defend each other , but only when this time arrives . 
  in defense matters however , you need to do that the day before something happens , but it 's difficult to persuade a regular bloke from spain or greece to understand that . 
  so it becomes our problem . 
   hypothetical bar fight ? 
  your lack of understanding actually hurts . 
  the eu may be a bar scenario , but russia is the motorcycle gang , who comes to the bar , seals all the entrances and beats up people with bats . 
  it 's on a whole other level . 
  you 're not paying enough to be your bouncer .
