  you continue to make the mistake adolf and the nazis themselves made all those years ago : you undervalue logistics . 
   it undoubtedly sped up the process and made it easier but the soviets would have defeated nazi germany regardless . 
  that 's a bold statement , the soviet union was in perilous danger in the early portion of the invasion as it is . 
  big what ifs here . 
   here is where you actually have a point . 
  to bad our discussion was concerning the defeat of nazi germany . 
  but yes , you deserve all the credit you get for defeating japan . 
  i was talking about how japan fighting the western allies in the pacific related to the western front . 
  japan and russia had several conflicts closely before ww2 . 
  on a somewhat unrelated note , the role the uk and china play in the pacific is constantly overlooked . 
  i thought for sure you 'd attack me about that . 
   neither is sitting on the sidelines until 1944 , when the war in europe was practically decided anyway . 
  the united states was for all intents and purposes a member of the allies early as 1939 via cash and carry , an obvious excuse to help supply the uk . 
  it simply was n't official until 1941 and we did n't hit our stride until late 1942 to early 1943 . 
  i do n't mind, 
   even if we include the industrial bombing of germany which you also take credit for , you only did like 40-50 % of it whilst the uk did the rest . 
  that 's only one part of a larger picture . 
  strategic bombing sure , but also fronts in the atlantic , north africa , italy , france , the netherlands , germany , cash and carry and lend-lease , keeping japan busy in the pacific , as well as all the other things that had no real bearing on the eto . 
  germany had to be completely destroyed for the war to end . 
  soviet union did more of the destruction than you did . 
  russia did more killing and dying . 
  they spared us a great deal of bloodshed , for which i am grateful , but that is by no means the determinant of a war . 
   80 % of the wehrmacht kia were from the eastern war and the soviet union lost about 27 million people in the war whilst america lost 600 thousand . 
  the soviet union lost more people in the one battle of stalingrad than the us did fighting nazi germany and japan . 
  that should put things in perspective for you . 
  these are n't new facts to anybody , this is all public info , it 's just a view without nuance . 
  north vietnam lost over a million soldiers , the us lost 58k . 
  who lost the war ? 
  arguing from a position purely derived from casualty statistics is flawed , especially looking at a mutli faceted war that spanned nearly the entire globe . 
   hollywood and americanisation changed the narrative from `` ussr did most to defeat hitler '' to `` the us did most to defeat hitler '' . 
  or , on the other hand , 60 years of fact finding , clarity , and scholarly research have led to a greater understanding of the war . 
  you 'll see whatever you 'd like in those numbers . 
   you 're missing the point . 
  almost the entire series takes place on the european stage and while american forces undoubtedly were important to the victory , they present americans as the great heroes that swept in and crushed the axis . 
  there might be some truth to that too , but it was a european war in which a lot of europeans perished and you only entered waaay into the war . 
  it 's called ** medal of honor . 
  ** of course it 's us centric . 
  despite that , moh : underground is about the french resistance , and non-american allies feature heavily . 
   but it was a european war in which a lot of europeans perished and you only entered waaay into the war . 
  hardly missed anything . 
  gave a lot of shit to the uk , the ussr and china in the meantime . 
   to give you some perspective on why a lot of europeans get triggered over this : imagine that a large portion of the media portrayals of the american revolutionary war presented the french as the great saviours that essentially freed the colonies from the evil british oppressors . 
  try pulling that off . 
  we do n't actually do many revolutionary war movies . 
  probably because of our opponent . 
  of the ones we do , it 's almost exclusively about the founding fathers rather then the battles . 
  then why were n't russians cut out of any other bf ? 
  it 's more than likely they will be included too , and simply were not in the teaser trailer . 
  i see now we 've arrived at the dae ea evil part of this discussion , but with a unique anti american bend on it . 
  impressive . 
  i understand now , it 's all a part of an evil ea conspiracy to promote america at the expense of the french . 
  is n't where , you mean this dumb wiki page that has nothing to do with the dev team or game ? 
  as for the russians , that has nothing to do with america . 
  if anything , that 's an anti-russian bias , not a pro-american one . 
  yo ... nobody 's been cut from the game . 
  france is * definitely * in it . 
  their helmet appears in the trailer . 
  besides that ... it makes no fucking sense to cut the most important member of the entente out of the game . 
  ffs , half or more of the game will be * taking place in france . 
  what you are willing to pay for and what you hold in high regard are two totally separate things . 
  also , the companion film , flags of our fathers , a story about the american perspective of the battle , actually made less money due to underperformance . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  perception is what is key to your argument , and obviously americans hold the movie in high regard . 
  aaaaand the goalposts get moved . 
  now it 's not `` the biggest market '' , it 's `` past sales of the franchise . '', 
  you know who that other 50 % is ? 
  the * rest of the fucking world . 
   letters from iwo jima was a huge flop in the us . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/letters_from_iwo_jima#in_the_united_states as an aside , in my own personal opinion , it 's one of the finest war movies ever made . 
  lol , what does that graph have to do with anything ? 
  letters from iwo jima , all quiet on the western front , the bridge on the river kwai , ect . 
  but it 's swedes making it . 
  i wonder why a game called medal of honor would cater to american audiences ? 
  even with that in mind , the most recent iteration of the game moved * away * from that by featuring the operators from other nations . 
  i feel you of all people should understand by now that europeans ( and other anglosphere citizens for that matter ) are just very very salty about that whole business and dealing with occasional jabs like those are just part of random interactions between us . 
  anti american trolls are almost always either 1 ) unbearably sarcastic and snobby or 2 ) incredibly unsubtle . 
  i do n't think he 's trolling , we 're just two dudes who disagree . 
  we 're just very isolated , the u.s. is obviously very large and separated by two oceans so the rest of the world seems very far , far away and relatively unimportant until it 's convenient for us in whatever way , usually to push political agendas back stateside , or so it seems . 
  that 's a massive generalization of course , though . 
  so yes , our news focuses on domestic news first and international news whenever a big event occurs . 
  that 's part of why i 'm here , to fill the gap that us news ca n't fill . 
  and yeah , i have !, 
  great movie , second best submarine movie ever made only to das boot . 
  yeah , i do n't think that 100 % of your movies come from here , but as you even acknowledge yourself , your movies do n't have the reach ours do . 
  off the top of my head , the only european war movie i can recall seeing is `` life is beautiful '' , and i 'm reeeeeeeeeally stretching out the definition of a war movie there . 
  i almost watched white tiger too but it seemed a little campy , and idk if you 'd include russia as part of europe in the first place . 
  i looked into it , apparently the whole thing is made up in the first place , which is hilarious to me considering this whole discussion is about `` american ego '' but hey whatever . 
  it honestly seems to me like you guys are just upset you have no entity that even comes close to being a parallel to hollywood so you just end up watching american war movies and then use that as a jumping off point to conclude that we 're just self obsessed . 
  uh ... the whole cause of 1812 was the royal navy being a dick to our navy . 
  but if it 's about the napoleonic wars , as opposed to 1812 , it would stand to reason that the americans are n't involved , no ? 
  you can come up with all the delusions you 'd like , but it does n't make them true . 
  master and commander was originally about the napoleonic wars so i ca n't imagine we 're involved in any capacity there except * maybe * a reference to 1812 , but i 've never seen or read it so i 'll take your word for it . 
  nothing like a little mustard gas to spice up your life, 
   yeah , but we hate each other 's guts !, 
  that has to count for something !, 
  of course it does , dice is making a new game about it !, 
  which films ? 
  you may not be trying to be a dick about it , but being a dick about it you are . 
  you have an extremely warped sense of how americans perceive ourselves and our history in the world . 
  * maybe * if this was 1955 i could agree with you somewhat .
