  if the russians march to berlin successfully the only ones you have to blame is yourselves . 
  we are not your bodyguards , nor babysitter . 
  we are safe because we are united , and through that unity comes strength , and power . 
  maybe take the hint . 
  no , you rely heavily on american support , thus why many view nato as so important . 
  i suppose where you draw the line between defending yourself and helping defend yourself is up to you to decide . 
  also , i understand why an estonian would take offense , and i appreciate your nations contribution , but sadly you are an exception to the general rule and as it is i do not find a russian invasion of europe to be likely nor do i want to see hundreds of thousands of americans die in battle if the worst ever actually occurs . 
  no , it is crucial for europeans to * do your jobs and defend yourselves . 
  * look , i see it posted here all the time , europe has more soldiers than russia , much more money to spend than russia , better equipment than russia , ect . 
  and that 's all true . 
  the only thing you 're missing is unity . 
   if russia invades a nato member , the only way to prevent massive damage to the worlds economy is to annihilate russia and completely dismantle it 's government and military . 
  i agree wholeheartedly !, 
  such a task would be a great feat and would do wonders for european unity , i wish you the best of luck in your hypothetical endeavor . 
  ` you did n't blow yourselves up , so now keep paying for our shit '', 
  you benefit , we pay the cost . 
  call it whatever you want , you have failed to illustrate why this is my problem . 
  the united states military allows millions of innocent people to suffer mistreatment at the hands of governments every single day without intervening , latvia would be just another country on the list . 
  the us military does far too much foreign intervention , it should be a self defense force . 
  sucks to be latvian then , eh ? 
  oh what , but * i * am ? 
  i 'm supposed to just drop my comfortable life thousands of miles away , stop jacking it to internet porn and smoking pot and participate in a bloodbath because for the nth time , europe proves it simply cant keep its shit together ? 
  if only you lived on a continent with a population size greater than the united states , that generated a comparable amount of wealth , because then you 'd have options in dealing with aggressors other than relying on a far away country that already put the team on their back for 6 fuckin ' decades . 
   a few million dead balts mean nothing if a guy in kentucky can skip being shipped to latvia for a few weeks to sit around in a hangar and drink beer in our pubs . 
  exactly right !, 
  defending latvia is a job for latvians , not kentuckians . 
   amount of money i want to spend for the next thousand years on defending ~ ~ germany ~ ~ europe : $ 0.00, 
  sorry europe , but you are the very last thing i think of when i cast my ballot . 
   i think that following the will of the iraqi government was the right one i mean , obviously not tho . 
  under us rule isis was getting absolutely devastated , only our lack of presence allowed them to gain power , and even worse , they stole our shit from the incompetent cunts we tried training . 
  to be quite honest , i have no idea why we still attempt this . 
  it did n't work at all with the arvn , why would it work in iraq ? 
  the day we stop giving backwater people our top of the line training and equipment wont come soon enough . 
   eu second commandment lol , close enough, 
  some of them are good people, 
  whyyyyyyyy, 
  that 's just the internet tho m8 , you 're a passive aggressive tea drinking racist yearning for the rebirth of the empire , i 'm a fat , heavily armed evangelical slob thats never looked at a map , ect . 
  sad !, 
  normally i 'd be the first to laugh at conspiratards but this does n't seem too far out of the realm of possibility tbh, 
  they did , though not as good as the exquisite ones we have today , and even if they did n't , it does n't matter if drones were or were n't used in this context . 
  the us dropped over 7 million tons of bombs during vietnam . 
  do you leave this comment a lot ? 
  it was n't funny or intelligent when you left it for me a few days ago , and it has n't improved with age, 
  do n't tell the north vietnamese you ca n't, 
  y' all have a fantastic metal scene . 
  got into metal through nwobhm , now i 'm rocking out to the absolute brutality coming from scandinavia . 
  hahaha the dead kennedys are far from 80 's pop music , fucking love them tho, 
  it 's hard to argue the rise of isis is the fault of the us when the us military had kicked the living shit out of isis to the point it was n't close to being an effective fighting force . 
  the blame falls at the feet of the middle east . 
  lol , we left at the request of iraq themselves and our own war weary populace , not because we clapped our hands together and said `` job well done guys . '', 
  we * warned * them they were not ready and that troops should have been left behind , but noooo . 
  ca n't argue that, 
   us bases in europe are n't there to defend europe from some enemy . 
  do n't think so ? 
  you brought up ramstein afb . 
  check the date it was built and where it was built , and reconsider your opinion . 
  a free and prosperous europe is in the us 's interest and we have proven that time and time again . 
  nobody ever said it was done purely out of altruism , but like it or not the united states is the global hegemon and until the eu unites closer , we 're your only other option besides russia or china . 
  the us needs bases to project hard power , thus , bases on european soil . 
  that 's the tradeoff . 
  just in case you wanted to see what incompetence looks like in action, 
  and as a new yorker , i got ta say we do n't all sound like the `` ayyyy im walkin ova heah fuggeddabouttit '' guy . 
  yet, 
   how so ? 
  how many american lives have been lost for being in nato the point of being anti-nato is to bounce before that number grows any higher than 0 . 
  the number of american lives lost in defense of a free europe is already at half a million plus . 
  i refuse to see that number grow . 
  the only thing ugly about that is the lack of symmetry , she 's a beautiful copter . 
  the ka-52 is uglier than sin . 
  no way , that thing is bloated and uggo , russians have no eye for aesthetics, 
  sexiest heli in the world, 
  what 's the phrase you guys have been using recently ? 
  `` turkey voting for christmas ? '', 
  most of it is payroll, 
  i hate the other one , actually, 
  yup , trump is pro-russia and anti-nato , i can dig it, 
  you 're not wrong about the internationally connected alt-right , but just 9 % of those polled said they had faith in donald trump . 
  wisconsin holds drinking , meat and cheese in very high regard, 
  we 're totally in . 
  sounds like a transatlantic wisconsin, 
  americans are inherently suspicious of foreign bacon thanks to the abominations that the brits and canadians incorrectly refer to as bacon . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/31/made20bacon.png ) is bacon !, 
  y' all got good booze ? 
  i assume so . 
  we ca n't get it up all the way unless said bacon is resting atop a cheeseburger , gon na have to do better, 
   german soldier : `` i have brought you all haribo black licorice . '', 
  i thought germany gave up on being evil in '45, 
  can not outrun our panzer battalion !, 
  ( b&w spoilers below ) does n't regis give you something to fix this ? 
  dude his posts are fucking amazing , let him do his thing, 
   which alarmed the russians because then by law it would be legal to place nuclear weapons directly at russia \u00b4 s border . 
  see [ this ? 
  ] ( http://www.freewebs.com/jeffhead/modelbuilds/ssgn726.jpg ) that is the uss ohio , an ohio-class ballistic missile submarine . 
  each of these submarines carry 24 ballistic missiles with 8 or 12 mirv nuclear warheads , and we have 14 of these . 
  that 's 50 % of the us nuclear arsenal right there , and it is capable of ravaging any piece of russian territory at any time . 
  you are falling for easily dismissable propaganda . 
  they are not afraid of being nuked , they are simply using it as an excuse to build up forces . 
  dear god i have more munitions than germany does, 
   as posted above there would be no united states i already hate this idea , pass, 
  yeah , obviously .
