  i mean , there 's literally millions of you here and your countrymen ca n't get visa free travel into our country because of your overstays , but ok, 
  my sympathies, 
  trust me , we take in a lot more than we lose, 
  polish come here , not the other way around , lol, 
  lol , you canadians are even worse about it than the europeans are , they at least have n't based their national identities around * not * being american . 
  as far as i can tell , that 's the fate of all large cities . 
  what he is saying is that you do not understand the electoral college . 
  national polls are less valuable than state polls because it is the ec that determines the potus . 
  you can win the popular vote , but lose the election . 
  and it 'll be your job soon , so get ready to munch on a shit sandwich, 
  it smells of piss and exhaust , and is filled with the homeless and petty criminals and scam artists , meeting trump would be a highlight, 
  translation : he does n't like nato , which means he 's obviously a spooky secret kgb plant, 
  if iran went after israel , it should be obliterated , it just wo n't because iranians are n't dumb, 
  hahaha , seems we 're exporting a lot of bullshit this year , enjoy !, 
  why keep going there ? 
  de blasio is a twat, 
  got ta love that they mined their own time capsule , the ability of nazis to be cunts is absolutely timeless . 
  he 's right tho , this is n't going to stop, 
  behemoth too, 
  slay monsters and pussy , geralt is the man, 
  [ it 's already starting . 
  ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2016/09/16/deutsche-bank-justice-department/90467850/ ) try not to fuck yourself over , [ we have more multinationals , ] ( http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/audit-services/capital-market/publications/assets/image/global-top-100-infograph-2015.jpg ) and [ better ] ( http://fortune.com/2014/10/23/global-best-companies/ ) ones [ than ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/liyanchen/2015/05/06/the-worlds-largest-companies/#2a14aabd4fe5 ) you [ do ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/the-25-best-multinational-companies-2011-10?op=1 ) . 
  i finished it , and only just finished sword of destiny . 
  on blood of elves now . 
  it 's true i have n't finished the books yet so maybe there 'd be some cool stuff in those , i only just read sword of destiny , but the ciri i know from tw3 was very very proficient , just a good break from getting stomped on as geralt on death march , lol . 
  i 'm pretty excited to see what cdpr is going to do with cyberpunk 2077 . 
  she would n't have been an interesting character to play because she was so damn powerful , her segments in tw3 were bloodbaths, 
  in / r/europe , poisoning the environment then lying to the us federal government about it and sweetheart tax deals are the same thing, 
  oh my gawwwwwwd are you following me now ? 
  i mean , by all means do n't take it from me , go look at the results of the battles and the amount of casualties the us inflicted on their foes during the war . 
  the us public ended the vietnam war . 
  for example , our military could absolutely bulldoze yours ( one of the most powerful in europe ) and have you conquered before the month is out , but the american people would freak the fuck out about it and call for withdrawal . 
  in a similar vein , does russia 's military suck because they did n't `` win '' in afghanistan ? 
  because we both know the russian army is the strongest in europe . 
  we kicked the shit out of the vietnamese , idk what you 're talking about, 
  we did n't try to take over vietnam , dipshit . 
  come late to the party because babysitting bloodthirsty genocidal yuros is n't our responsibility , god forbid the uk and france grow some fucking balls . 
  achieve victory , claim it 3 . 
  take over the world 4 . 
  * america, 
  i 'm in a northern state with 3 teams and it 's still tertiary to baseball and football , maybe even basketball , let alone nationally speaking . 
  you ca n't say something like `` oh minnesota likes it a lot so the whole country does too . '', 
  i fucking love hockey but sometimes it 's an afterthought here . 
   in the end it is just europe reflecting itself . 
   couldnt be more wrong about that, 
  we do n't really give a shit at all about this , because hockey is kind of irrelevant in america , canada is already better than us at it , and this world cup of hockey shit is seen as a joke, 
  it 's way more fun to play yourself , watching is like watching paint dry . 
  you 're missing the point , i want a 180 out of american foreign policy, 
  lesson learned , eh ? 
  it did help turn poland into a giant fuckin ' abattoir , so you have to take that into consideration . 
  besides the fact that the japanese population was radicalized as fuck and in many cases just as prepared to fight until death as a soldier , the atomic bombings were n't even the worst we did to japan . 
  we did worse with conventional bombings . 
  look , strategic bombing is distasteful , but that 's the way business was handled back in the day . 
  even the nazi 's were n't charged for war crimes for what they did to warsaw , london , guernica , belgrade , ect . 
  even today , with our super advanced tech , it 's hard to not blow up innocent people when you 're dropping bombs from the sky , let alone in b17 's or b29 's . 
  for example :  the us defined the target area as being a 1,000 ft ( 300 m ) radius circle around the target point - for the majority of usaaf attacks only about 20 % of the bombs dropped struck in this area . 
  the u.s. daytime bombing raids were more effective in reducing german defences by engaging the german luftwaffe than destruction of the means of aircraft production . 
   in the summer of 1944 , forty-seven b-29 's raided japan 's yawata steel works from bases in china ; only one plane actually hit the target area , and only with one of its bombs . 
  this single 500 lb ( 230 kg ) general purpose bomb represented one quarter of one percent of the 376 bombs dropped over yawata on that mission . 
  it took 108 b-17 bombers , crewed by 1,080 airmen , dropping 648 bombs to guarantee a 96 percent chance of getting just two hits inside a 400 x 500 ft ( 150 m ) german power-generation plant . 
   i also saw it as him enforcing the idea that members should commit to the 2 % spending pledge . 
  which on the face of it seems fine , you make that pledge when you join , you should keep it . 
  sure , until you get your metaphorical legs broken for not paying . 
  besides reaching 2 % being a waste of money for some european nations , the 2 % thing was only a recommended target to be reached by a set date , so whatever . 
   out of interest , why do you advocate a withdrawal from nato ? 
  is it cost , desire for less interference , something else ? 
  little bit of everything . 
  i do n't mind the costs , though if we could bring them down , that 's awesome . 
  but really , i 've seen enough american lives and money pissed away on international adventures . 
  it 's really tiring , especially since we could use some extra cash back home , not to mention the human cost . 
  i believe the us military should be a self defense force primarily , with the exception of when the literal fate of the world is at stake , a la ww1/2 . 
  american withdrawal from nato would mean pretty much the end of american hegemony , a renewed focus on home , and ideally , the rise of the eu as the world 's sole hegemon . 
  ca n't let the chinese or the rooskies do it , after all . 
   what about your agreements with canada over protection of north american airspace , are they a part of nato or is that separate ? 
  luckily for them , they 're in a prime geographical position ( which i blame you guys for ! ), 
  so for all intents and purposes defending the us means defending canada too . 
   where would you see co-operation with states like uk and france ? 
  i would n't like to see us very involved in falklands/libya style actions in the future , but i can not possibly imagine a scenario in which the continued prosperity of the uk or france was in dire straits and the us was unwilling to help . 
  historical bonds run deep , yo . 
   i 'm not averse to nato as it currently is , even with members not committing to spending . 
  though i think it has probably expanded beyond the point where it would ideally be and would certainly not like to see future expansion . 
  it should expand or shrink according to the needs of the time . 
  i do n't think of nato as overstepping it 's boundaries . 
  ohhh ... see , that would be a different google result for me , lol, 
  chocolate coated nougat bars, 
  best way to eat them for sure, 
  wait ... what ? 
  torch the car , obviously, 
   donald trump is even calling for leaving nato as a whole , i have n't heard him call for leaving nato , only him turning it into a glorified protection racket by telling people they may not be defended if they do n't pay the recommended 2 % , so do you have a source on that ? 
   it 's incredibly stupid , and it 's time that something arise as a competitor to nato . 
  military alliances do n't need direct competition . 
  in fact , i think it 's best if they do n't . 
  i want the eu to raise an army so it 's safe for the united states to leave nato . 
  right now , doing that would probably be fine , but it is reckless . 
  looooooooool, 
   why would we care ? 
  after the end of the cold war , the european countries just started ignoring us anyway . 
  this is wrong . 
  and because being the biggest player in nato creates , no matter how small , some degree of dependency on the united states . 
  so long as the us is babysitting , countries will always come to us over geopolitical issues .
