  the point of their semi-legitimacy remains . 
  nuremberg was just the appearance of a fair trial so we could go ahead and execute nazis . 
  not complaining , but it is what it is . 
  we await your decision with bated breath, 
  you think the average us citizen gives a fuck about nato ? 
  americans will never submit to another draft . 
  ca n't fight a war with no soldiers and the commander and chief being replaced with someone anti-war, 
  americans ca n't take casualties, 
  yup exactly , open warfare is bad for business, 
  they definitely are , and russia has no reason to do anything , but you ca n't discount a threat . 
  hahaha , both wars involved the poorly trained , poorly equipped , poorly lead and poorly motivated iraqi army facing off against the most advanced military in the world and the combined might of her western allies . 
  they were absolutely helpless . 
  well of course they would , china is an aspiring superpower , they would n't stay sidelined for ww3 . 
  that said , them being # 2 is debatable . 
  i do n't think that it will happen either , putin knows his place , and on his worst day , putin just wants to split the world with us . 
  we 're just talking hypotheticals here . 
  yeah , and then you 'll be reading about the inevitable draft , and then the dear john letters , and you 'll be seeing pictures of innumerable pine boxes draped in american flags . 
  perhaps there 'll rationing , and then whoops !, 
  it 's presidential election time , and the massive war raging in europe will be a hot button issue . 
  remember , this is the nation that needed to be forced into both world wars , and got tired of fighting both of them , too . 
  oh , they 'll fight . 
  they 'll die too , and you 'll start to recognize the wisdom of what i 'm saying when you read the papers the next day . 
  lol , the war on terror ( aka a war against goat farmers living in abject poverty ) cost my nation over 4k dead and 1t spent . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that we * freaked the fuck out * about it , and are still doing so to this day . 
  can you imagine how bad those numbers will get when the second most powerful military on the planet starts to go to work against them ? 
  we 'd take 4000 casualties before goddamn noon of the first day . 
  60k troops is n't slowing down anything . 
  us generals themselves acknowledge this . 
  like the nuclear weapons , they serve as a deterrent and a sign of reassurance . 
  even if i agreed with anything you just said , the situation is about 200 years away from being even close to the same , so do n't hold your breath . 
  i privately sold a rifle before i was even * in * high school . 
  the person i sold it to was only a year older than me and had a gun collection at least 8 strong at that point . 
  kicking the shit out of the virtually helpless iraqis and fighting off ww3 are two different things entirely . 
  what 's your point ? 
  they 're where they are to serve as a deterrent . 
  because the commitment has never put to the test . 
  i bet my life that once bullets start flying in earnest and the dollars are spent at an exorbitant rate , the us will get the fuck out of dodge as fast as can be, 
   tough gun laws in a single state are not that effective if you can just drive to a another state and easily buy a gun there . 
  you 'll need something more comprehensive if you want effective gun control . 
  the area around new jersey is surrounded by states with strict gun control . 
  if people are traveling through multiple states to kill people , that 's pretty indicative of gun laws not being the problem . 
   yeah , it 's pretty much only a cutesy dog whistle for `` low amount of black people '' , though sometimes it 's also one for `` low amount of hispanic people '' depending on how the murican in question feels about them . 
  again , i 'm not sure how this is related to mass shootings , which is what i was referring to in the text you rebutted with your line about `` homogeneity '' . 
  as far as i know , mass shooters are not disproportionally black . 
  i 've already told you , `` mass shootings '' are a small fraction of gun violence in the us . 
  not even a quarter of gun crime in america is due to `` mass shootings '' , even at a high estimate . 
  criminals in america are disproportionally black . 
  y' know , criminals . 
  people who use guns to commit crimes . 
   no racism in sweden , no sir . 
  ah yes , how could i forget swedens rich history of owning other human beings as property . 
  again , you compare an apple to an orange . 
  everyone knows some europeans hate jews and roma , but if that 's * all * we had going on in the us , the country would be in a lot better shape . 
  you 're acting as if the state of race relations in the us is some debate tactic or something instead of the serious issue it really is . 
  even someone who only knows america from news headlines should be able to figure that out . 
   and how exactly are you going to know who should be kept off the streets ? 
  not everyone who 's sick is going to seek mental help , and of those who do , there 's no surefire way of knowing who 's going to be dangerous . 
  should everyone with a history of mental problems be locked up ? 
  that 's going to be a lot of people . 
  you do n't have to seek help to end up in a facility here . 
  you just have to be a danger to yourself and/or others . 
  a robust and affordable mental health system would do wonders for america . 
   or for a million other reasons !, 
  yeah man . 
  people will kill each other for the dumbest shit . 
   no , easy access to guns leads to mass shootings . 
  with few exceptions , guns used in mass shootings are bought legally or obtained from a relative or friend who bought them legally . 
  with those possibilities out of reach , there are no mass shootings . 
  then where is vermont 's mass shootings ? 
  believe it or not , there are places where obtaining a gun is little more than trivial , and do not suffer tremendous gun crime . 
   despite your sarcasm , i 'm pretty sure that the waiting time of a few months , the four aptitude tests and the need for police approval ( and the cost ) is going to stop people from impulsively getting a gun . 
  when they get it , they 'll have had plenty of time to think about it and had to interact with plenty of people who 've had the opportunity to see if they 're completely bonkers . 
  haha , the funny thing about this is i was arguing with * another * dude who detailed anders breiviks multi year crusade to murder almost a hundred people . 
   the ones which have features which seem unnecessary for the animals you say you want to kill wo n't be approved . 
  magazine capacity is also limited . 
  haha , tell me more about the deadly `` features '' of an assault rifle , like the `` shoulder thing that goes up . '', 
  after the fbi hillary decision , i could use a laugh . 
  also , reloading is a trivial process that takes less than a second . 
  i have a 10 round mag of 5.56 within looking distance . 
  trust me on this , lol . 
   most people are not all people . 
  you are never going to stop * all people . 
  *  the prevalence of the attitude that the solution to gun violence is more guns is absolutely something that 'll make your problem even worse . 
  you are definitely part of the problem . 
  kek , if you insist, 
  barring confiscation , nothing about my previous sentence changes, 
   you gave me unreliable surveys , you had nothing else . 
  self-reported surveys are always susceptible to bias , it 's not just a gun thing , but here the bias seems particularly large to the point where the surveys are pretty damn useless . 
  self reported ? 
  you mean like the ncvs hemenway bases his numbers on ? 
    lightly populated  it 'd be the 11th largest state in america , between michigan and new jersey . 
  i 'm guessing those two states probably have a lot more gun violence than sweden does . 
  new jersey sees more murders committed without a gun than yours does total despite having similar population sizes . 
  not to mention jersey has some of the tightest gun laws in the nation . 
   lol , that 's one of my favorite dog whistles . 
  when americans give me that , i 'd go on about scandinavia 's cultural diversity , linguistic diversity , large immigrant population , and you 'd look dumb doing so . 
  america has cultural diversity , a large immigrant population and linguistic diversity too . 
  moreso than you by far . 
  what sweden does n't have is a history of extreme institutionalized racism entrenched in nearly every avenue of society that persists to this very day . 
   and i always have to go through a few rounds of coy `` but i do n't mean that kind of homogeneity '' before the american dude fesses up and admits that he really means `` low amount of black people '' .
