  so again , what 's your excuse for the fall of singapore , where a british/australian/nz force almost 3 times larger than the japanese force , surrendered ? 
  gon na fob it off on the aussies ? 
  france fell because the germans were a far more effective fighting force at the time , simple as that . 
  so what 's your excuse for getting absolutely fucking rekt in singapore , for example ? 
  maybe so but either way i wo n't talk down about a man who tried so hard to maintain the peace . 
  we simply have the benefit of hindsight . 
   roosevelt was also gullible about what ? 
  chamberlain is , to my mind , one of the most unfairly maligned men in history . 
  he is guilty of gullibility and ignorance at worst . 
  the kiss of death, 
  comparing it to baltimore and detroit cracks me up , personally . 
  americans are horrified by what happens in those cities . 
  we wrote them off as a bad job decades ago . 
  the french should n't be okay with that happening to france . 
  that 's because we do n't fight each other anymore , and needless to say that 's a great thing . 
  literally shaking in my boots, 
  implying we do n't own your government too . 
  we have the best lapdogs , do n't we , folks ? 
  wan na knock over another arab nation with us ? 
  only in the uk if you 're a child molesting government official you wo n't end up in jail no matter what haha !, 
  you people live in closets , you have absolutely no space to live , and you wo n't end up in jail if you do n't break the law , but considering you 're a degenerate drunkard brit i can only imagine how a life of public drunkenness , indecent exposure and disturbing the peace might appeal to you, 
  if i were british i 'd have you thrown in jail for violating my tender sensibilities, 
  says a fatfuck brit, 
  make us, 
  we are whatever they want us to be for x scenario , just roll with it . 
  they did n't escape anything . 
  against whom , for what reason ? 
  yes , but what bp did was a lot , and i mean a * lot * worse than exxon . 
  but eu nations are with the exception of germany , france and uk , not huge trading partners with the us . 
  canada , mexico , china and japan are all more important than any eu member , and the difference can be made up there , on top of simply creating new jobs and new sales in america . 
  top imports from the eu are machinery and vehicles , far from being out of our skill set . 
  not really , no . 
  why do you think that ? 
  it 's going to happen in the future , may as well get it over with, 
  please enlighten me o wise one, 
  says the guy advocating abolishing trade with the us o i am laffin, 
  many things are not difficult , but just as many things are unintelligent . 
  you can stop trading with us , sure , but i hope europeans manufacture good quality earmuffs , so you can drown out the sound of my laughter as your economy/ies circle the drain, 
  hahaha good luck with that, 
  chekhov does n't really get passed around here unless we 're talking about his gun , but you 're right , i forgot , you do hear yuri sometimes, 
  never anything else . 
  trade war time, 
  you think it does n't ? 
  laughably naive . 
  learn a thing or two about geopolitics . 
  it effects even * you * every day , you special little snowflake , you . 
  pull yerself up by the bootstraps and git gud , you 'll never make it in america, 
  do n't need 'em , never stopped us from telling immigrants to fuck off before, 
  brown spanish speakers are mexicans . 
  do n't question it , bro . 
  that 's how you know he does n't know what he 's talking about , you ca n't hear anything over all the gunfire, 
  uhh ... what ? 
  we have a proud tradition of treating our new arrivals like dogshit . 
  then someone new comes , then the old group is cool , and the new guys are takin r jerbs . 
  soon , americans wont give a shit about mexicans , and we 'll have a new whipping boy . 
  yep , the same country that produced the kgb , that trained the man with near absolute power who is now leading russia yet again down the path of authoritarian aggressive expansion . 
  until your `` interests '' change you will always live on the biggest island in the world . 
   those people prefer to refuse simple idea , that usa not only does n't care about eurasia , but put a lot of effort in order to destabilize our region . 
  glass houses . 
  guess which country has oppressed europe the most post-nazi germany ? 
  pulling your cock out for a dead gorilla has the american youth fired up too, 
   that 's why you ca n't really say canada 's lack of air force is an issue because it 's not an issue for canada . 
  well , again , i 'd disagree . 
  so long as canada commits to actually having an air force , it 's advantageous for it to stay up to date . 
  the longer you keep your aging cf-18 's , the more it 's going to cost you in the long run . 
   i do n't want to google anything . 
  i asked for specific examples . 
  every country will have some issues with healthcare . 
  okay , for example i 'll go with the big one ; wait times . 
  the [ commonwealth fund ] ( http://www.commonwealthfund.org/~/media/files/publications/fund%20report/2013/nov/1717_thomson_intl_profiles_hlt_care_sys_2013_v2.pdf ) found that in 2010 , 41 percent of canadian patients waited for two or more months for a specialist appointment , the highest of the 11 nations ( us , uk , canada , france , germany , australia , netherlands , nz , norway , sweden and switzerland ) compared . 
  also , 25 percent of canadians waited for four months or more for elective surgery , again the highest of those 11 nations . 
  ( germany at 0 % !! ), 
  you should n't rest on your laurels , `` every country will have some issues with healthcare '' should n't fly anywhere . 
  a more perfect union , right ? 
   there is no housing bubble emerging . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  [ canadian banks . 
  ] ( http://www.canadianbusiness.com/economy/canadas-banks-sound-the-housing-bubble-alarm-finally/ ) this is a really , really big issue , i 'm surprised you 're not aware . 
  those foreign investors you 're talking about are [ starting to sound the alarms ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/stephen-punwasi/canadian-housing-crash_b_11349292.html ) . 
  ny will kill you for this , mayor de blasio did it and it turned into `` forkgate '', 
   lack of modern air force is a problem ??? 
  really ??? 
  lol i 'd argue yes for canada for starters , but remember , this discussion is about implementing a canadian style model in the united states . 
  if that weakens our ability to project hard power , people are n't going to go for it . 
  america has obligations that canada simply does n't . 
   how healthcare could be better ? 
  in quite a few ways . 
  try googling things like `` canadian healthcare issues '' or `` canadian healthcare vs european '' if you 'd like a good general overview , there are hundreds of articles you can read . 
   economy is struggling in certain areas , mostly oil companies . 
  just like every other country economy goes up and down . 
  overall people have a tremendously higher standard of living than in us . 
  yes , but it 's * really * beginning to struggle . 
  oil is weak and that hurt canada , growth has slowed tremendously and a nasty housing bubble is emerging and income inequality effects you as well . 
   liberals in america do n't look anywhere for healthcare answers . 
  well , this is news to me . 
   public healthcare system is implemented in every single developed country . 
  it works . 
  us is the only one where they ca n't seem to change it for the better . 
  because there is a large contingent of our population that simply does not want it . 
  the lack of a substantial tech sector , the lack of a modern air force , the struggles of the canadian economy in general , the fact that canadian healthcare could be much better , ect .
