  i do n't really know how much of a dent will it do . 
  it was kind of a joke ... 
  that 's the production . 
  in portugal there 's a lot of wine consumption . 
  regarding exports ( what matters ) the values are 316.000 tonnes for germany and 286.000 for portugal . 
  not that far off . 
  yeah , probably . 
  it was mostly a joke . 
  in portugal there 's also a huge ( well , considering the country size anyway ) company that produces solar panel components and this would be a help . 
  actually , no . 
  it 's roughly the same amount in absolute value , which , considering the size of each country , you can understand the weight it has in the economy . 
  it 's cheaper than in other countries in europe precisely because labour costs are much lower . 
  to china , because they do n't produce any . 
  edit : regarding cap , no . 
  that one was another one of the battles lost in negotiations with spain and france . 
  to punish europe for the anti-dumping levies on solar panels , increasing german sales , china rises an anti-dumping probe on wine , decreasing portuguese sales . 
  god damn it . 
  well , you can just go fuck yourself . 
  spain has always been competitive , and up until the bubble burst was a very strong economy . 
  the problem with spain was that it was in the middle of the housing bubble . 
  do you know that cyprus imploded because their banking system was worth 8 times their gdp ? 
  well , luxembourg 's banking system is worth ... 20 times its gdp . 
  i can smell it already . 
  anyway , i could have phrased it better . 
  it 's not just the size of the workforce , it 's also its productivity . 
  that 's where things get tricky and not that straightforward . 
  a major part of the dysfunctional euro economies is , from the start , a responsibility of germany and france ( and italy but not so much ) . 
  the impoverish countries were lead to believe that it would be a good deal ( they were also responsible for being dumb , but that 's another story ) . 
  and it was n't . 
  as each economy colapses , starting from the more fragile and going up the ladder , you wo n't be able the keep on saying that all ( or almost all ) of the eu countries were individually responsible apart from germany that did the right things , without realising that this is also ( if not most ) a problem of union monetary policy . 
  finally , this crisis has made it very clear : there is no european union . 
  that dream is collapsing and being revealed for what it is , a fantasy , and a cynical one . 
  of course it is . 
  that was my point . 
  germany is not any different of any other countries . 
  it 's just that it 's in a position where it can make a lot of damages because of it . 
  even though i agree with every comment made in this thread , do n't forget that germany has its own internal affairs to consider . 
  there will be elections soon and the parties need to address their vote base . 
  just like the eu ca n't be considered a whole , neither can germany . 
  we can only hope that the next german leaders have the sense to face the issue without restraints . 
  not really no . 
  without a common fiscal and budget system , the small countries wo n't ever be able to compete against countries with a larger workforce and market . 
  with monetary sovereignty at least they could lower its value to compete . 
  yes , we just ca n't seem to stop talking . 
  and on a goddamn saturday evening !, 
  ahah , yes i know that one . 
  it 's just odd . 
  christ , ok ok i get it . 
  what 's the deal with this muslim persecution !, 
  everybody : this is our national hobby . 
  nitpicking and correcting each other !, 
   cheers !, 
  yep , you 're right . 
  after saving the post , i thought of putting the arab reference in a different sentence so not to reference it to the structure , but was to lazy to do it . 
  portuguese is the fifth language in the world by native speakers even though in europe we 're only around 10 million . 
  it 's spoken in 8 countries outside europe . 
  the structure is latin based , much like spanish , french and italian , with a touch of arabic ( which i 'm particulary fond of ) because half of the country was , a long time ago , ruled by north african arab countries . 
  when spoken , because of the `` sh '' sounds , sometimes it can be mistaken with russian !, 
  i enjoy it very much mainly because of the incredible vocabulary , the amount of sounds we are able to do , and the strict relationship between the written word and its correspondent phonem . 
  considering that in debt countries are solving the problem by simulating currency devaluation through the drastic reduction of salaries , no wonder . 
  the policy is to increase exports by creating an economy based in cheap labour . 
  hence , `` fear '' of contagion . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the problem is not about the amount of money involved . 
  it never was . 
  there are two main problems when discussing contagion : 1 - investors ( financial markets ) are like little children , and make decisions on a whim and without second thoughts . 
  this means that if greece , for instance , has its debt renegociated , i.e. 
  cut in half , investors will lose money and think that this may happen in other countries as well , retreating from investing in them . 
  2 - in the case of cyprus , the fears of contagion arose from what would possible be a bank run . 
  people withdrawing their money in vast amounts , reducing bank liquidity to a dangerous minimum . 
  if this happens , people in other countries will think that they too can see part of their money taxed , pursuing also the behaviour ( withdrawal of money ) . 
  this is contagion . 
  and it 's very real . 
  no , we do n't . 
  it 's the imf . 
  every week it changes its mind . 
  did n't the imf wanted their money back ? 
  well , here it is . 
  even if they read it , by now it 's irrelevant . 
  this sub is the perfect example of why a strong eurozone is very difficult to achieve . 
  countries are treated as individual persons , and accused of having bad character ( liars , cheats , etc ) , and , little by little in the last 4 or 5 years a general sense of an idea was created ( `` public opinion '' ) that characterizes a country ( greece ) as having that specific set of traits ( the same happens regarding russia for instance ) . 
  it 's absolutely incredible ( and imoral in my view ) to see the dignity of the people of a country being so loosely disregarded . 
  what is more astonishing is that reason has nothing to do with it . 
  the proposals of greece 's government ( and all that it has already done ) , which are very , very , reasonable , and with `` objective goals '' ( whatever that means ) , and because they 're seen as being leftist ( these people have no idea what a leftist programme is ) are automatically catalogued as irresponsible , irrealist , utopian , and not `` objective '' and `` credible '' , hence not `` serious '' . 
  at the moment we 're living , there 's no possibility to test any other political programme than the one sanctioned ( and forced through blackmail ) by the eurozone burocracy ( democratic elected governments ? 
  pfff ... ) , and if there 's only one way we can do things , this is no more than the definition of an authoritarian state . 
  you are trying to forcefully bring formal and legal definitions to the argument , not understanding , at all , that the eu is , at its core , in fact , just `` each state playing power politics to impose their own interests '' . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is laughable . 
  when i say that there is no supranational entity , i 'm referring exactly to the non existent european identity . 
  the national sentiments are not just of `` some parts of the population '' , as you so prejudicially put it . 
  is the major part of each population . 
  i 'm not arguing about the rational virtues of a more or less federalist europe , of intergovernmentalism v. supranationalism . 
  that is another discussion all together . 
  i 'm arguing , and will continue to stress it , that is imperative to understand that each national public opinion regarding the `` feeling '' of belonging , which is still ( well , for the most part ) vehiculated through domestic democracies , must n't be so lightly disregarded and brushed off as dumb mob mentality . 
  it 's arrogant , undemocratic , and , to put it bluntly , simply stupid . 
  i absolutely agree , and have since the damn lisbon treaty , that there is no monetary union without fiscal and budgetary union ; moreover , in my view , this is not `` just a problem '' , but the essential problem of the ez since the start . 
  and if this is not addressed , we will be watching , increasingly , very legitimately , and impassively , to the dismemberment of the ez , if not the eu ; regardless of your wishfull thinking about the letter of the treaties . 
  the eu is the national governments . 
  there is no supra-national entity that is stronger than the sum of its members . 
  i agree absolutely that that is the problem .
