  it 's fascinating . 
  yes , ireland is a strange exception . 
  really the only two things ireland has in common with the mediterranean countries is that they 've been poor for along time and they 're catholic ( culturally catholic i mean ) . 
  maybe that as something to do with their openness . 
  it 's , by far , my favorite people from the north ( apart from latvian girls , of course ) . 
  americans in general ( apart from ny maybe ) have that reputation : being very sociable , friendly and open-hearted !, 
  and that 's right , why would n't anybody be polite and offer some small information to a stranger ? 
  i think it 's just strange not to do it . 
  and a smile , i 'm pretty sure , would n't kill them either . 
  not only yours ( the replies to it i 'm only reading them now ) , when i posted this comment almost all other comments were in the same amusing tone . 
  some replies now are trying to be moderate and bring some perspective to the initial radical arguments . 
  tss tss , how dare they ?!, 
  it was going along quite interesting . 
  ahah , yes , what an asshole , what gives him the right to force himself like that in other persons intimate life . 
  a shameless pervert . 
  glad you survived to tell the tale !, 
  ahah , cool ad . 
  if it rains , well , let it rain ( best translation i could do ) . 
  it 's always weird to listen to galician . 
  i think it 's closer to castellano , but my spanish friends say it 's closer to portuguese . 
  maybe it 's because they 're from madrid ( my imperialist friends i call them ahah ) , i do n't know . 
  you 're right . 
  and even in london , the working class that i spoke to were ( even though a bit difficult to understand ! ), 
  extremely pleasant . 
  ` luv ' this and ` luv ' that . 
  maybe it 's a posh thing being distant . 
  strangely , i never think of the uk when referring to northern europe ( when in ireland , you 'll find people a lot like in my country , though a bit paler ) . 
  a smile and two minutes of chitchat not only wo n't kill you but can make you a bit less frowner , mr. scrooge . 
  man , you ca n't catch an std with old people 's spit , from when they talk . 
  relax ... 
  jesus , north europeans are cold hearted bastards ... 
  in my usual bus ride ( medium sized city ) , people will talk to you like you 're part of their family and if you 're a foreigner with a question you 'll have half the bus discussing between themselves the right answer , which you 'll never get of course ; it 's just for the sake of the argument . 
  hmmm , i do n't really know what you mean by `` social class issues '' . 
  i can interpret it as an ideological discussion ( i 've been discussing this matter with some hardcore marxists and it 's a difficult issue for them ) ; or as a more sociological approach : the idea that menial jobs are usually done by the low class ( which is true ) and that basic income would , apart from its own value , aid even more the low class than the rich . 
  yes , i agree with that . 
  shitty jobs , just because they can be done by anyone , should n't be undervalued . 
  for me , in thesis anyway , it should be the other way around . 
  basic income can help in restructure how jobs are paid , and allow to overcome a bit the class distinction in the attribution of those jobs ( if collecting garbage in the rain and cold would pay over 5,000 per month i would do it myself !, 
  the nice folks at [ / r/basicincome ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/basicincome/ ) have a lot of ideas on the subject . 
  regarding specifically your question , it 's not really possible to know what would happen , but the main speculation is that menial jobs will have a great boost in salaries as , probably , a lot less people would want to have them . 
  maybe the salaries would go up to a point that investing in technology to replace people in those jobs would be an alternative . 
  i think you 're misinterpreting me or we 're discussing two distinct things . 
  i 'm trying to establish what is your position , in thesis , about what the european union should be . 
  we both agree that , right now , it 's broken . 
  i also agree that people shoud be heard , in a referendum ( or in other form depending on the country ) , about what constitutes losing part of a community 's ( country ) sovereignty . 
  what i 'm stressing is that the treaties need change !, 
  and , for god 's sake , i 'm not even remotely implying that that should be done without , in each individual country , scrutiny . 
  apparently , our differences reside in that a think that , for euro to survive , europe must address the fact that there different countries and different economies . 
  that does n't necessarily mean that some countries should even out with the poorest economies ( though i do n't see any other way ) . 
  but it must realize it is a problem ; and you , on the other hand , seem to assume that that should n't be done at all . 
  that there 's differences yes , which are natural , but in a referendum of this type you would vote no , and that you 'd rather see some countries ( or your own ) out of the euro before that happens . 
  well , that 's something \u00e0 la palice . 
  of couse democracy is the most important . 
  that 's not the issue . 
  the issue is what kind of european union we want and what can we do to obtain that goal . 
  i 'm still trying to understand where you 're at regarding this matter . 
  apparently you 're insisting that a individual national referendum should be done and that people would say no to a solidary european union , a european union that understands that there are two different velocities in its economies . 
  what i can assume is that you do not believe that there should be , or better , that it is not possible to exist such a union . 
  i understand your stance . 
  though i 'm not particulary nationalist , i 've also serious doubts about european bureaucracy . 
  even so , the only way to give more power to people is to overcome the national pride in the long run . 
  there is no european union without that . 
  of course there 's still no strong enough bond within euro countries ( we 're far from the united states in that sense for example ) . 
  i agree with you . 
  and , for that matter , a lot of countries would not see kindly to feeling injusticed . 
  but it is germany that has the most power in the european institutions . 
  and it is germany that is commanding this process . 
  they have the capability to do so , dragging with it almost all other countries . 
  but maybe you 're right . 
  maybe there 's no other way out but breaking the euro , or , eventually , some countries leaving ( the poorest or the richest ) . 
  c ) the one you forgot : incredibly bad management and inability , or strenght enough , to adequately negociate european treaties . 
  of course it 's the structure of the euro . 
  it 's impossible to maintain a common currency without a common fiscal and budgetary system with such a range of distinct economies . 
  there 's a lot of confusion and fear because people tend to mix up the common currency and the union , which is stupid . 
  but steps to overcome the problem can be done , by changing treaties and creating other ones . 
  and that 's where germany is to blame . 
  with their fear of undervaluing the euro and losing control of inflation , which is their sole economy do not touch policy , they tend to deviate to other kind of policies within europe , with the results we are observing now . 
  not only spain , but probably every damn western and central european countries ( apart from portugal for sure ; we have shitty secret services ) . 
  and they had information coming the other way around to ... 
  regarding countries spying on each other , and sometimes sharing information on some of its citizens , it 's nothing new ; they 've been doing it for centuries . 
  the nauseous thing now is that they 're spying everyone . 
  including their ( our ) own citizens , institutions , companies . 
  and doing god knows what with that information . 
  well , if you put aside the initial prejudice , she could have been bought . 
  they 'll have to make the packs bigger to fit the warnings ... 
  not really no . 
  the debts would be transfer to the local currency . 
  there would be even no need for a default . 
  the major problem is not the bulk of the debt . 
  it 's the interest that countries are paying . 
  just to state the country i ( and you ) know , portugal is paying 9 billion euros annualy ( or analy more precisely ) just in interest . 
  that 's absolutely unpayable . 
  having control of a national currency ( if the structure of the economic euro really does n't change ) would give countries a possibility of reducing interest rates and capability of negotiating . 
  the major problem is not that . 
  it 's the inflation . 
  which would also reduce the real value of the debt anyway . 
  too soon man , too soon ... 
  not that much no . 
  it 's about 3 % of the total exports . 
  we mostly drink wine aswell .
