you should really check out the netherlands deficit history and count the number of years it stayed below 3 % ... 
  if that was so , russia would have done something about it in 2005 , when yushchenko won the elections ( as a side note , check out the national endowment for democracy and its role in those elections ) . 
  nobody can accuse yushchenko of being a moskow puppet ... russia has been opposing nato 's presence in its neighbourhood for at least 15 years , when nato started expanding to the east , first , in 1999 with czech republic , hungary , and poland and then in 2004 , with bulgaria , estonia , latvia , lithuania , romania , slovakia , and slovenia . 
  a few years later ( 2007 if i 'm not mistaken ) , two new countries were being persuaded : georgia and ukraine . 
  putin made a strong and clear warning about those pretensions , as the events in georgia showed . 
  eu and nato have been pushing the envelope for a long time , risking a lot , up until now , with the consequences we are witnessing . 
  yes , the latest provocations started exactly with that event , back in 2004 . 
  this year it was even worse . 
  this `` people 's will '' discourse is driving me mad . 
  in the last 20 years the us has been funding ( summing $ 5 billion ! ), 
  the opposition , ngo 's , think tanks ( like the famous national endowment for democracy ) pushing for a increasing influence in the most important neighbour for russia , and this all seems , suddenly , a surprise ... 
  first of all , i 'm not defending russia . 
  i 'm just trying to understand why the escalation of hostilities . 
  not once , since the fall of the soviet union , russia has given any indication of wanting to annex ukraine . 
  they were focused on economic growth . 
  it was right after the convolutions in ukraine , and the menace of a nato base in crimea , that russia advanced . 
  on the other hand , i do n't believe that russia has the military or economic capabilities of an occupation of ukraine . 
  it just ... reacted . 
  much the same way it reacted in georgia , exactly within the same circumstances ( nato wanting to have georgia has part of its alliance ) . 
  russia is a big country , filled with minorities and balances of power . 
  we must n't see it just as the imperialistic ambitions of one man . 
  russia is not putin , regardless of him being incredible more authocratic than most of the western countries . 
  responding within the same framework ( cold war mentality ) will only push further the problem . 
  the west must drop its ambitions of having ukraine has one of its countries of influence . 
  drop , publicly , the intention of having it in nato , and push for an independent country in a very open-hearted negotation with russia . 
  create a tampon-zone that would relax russia and i believe that there would be a peaceful ending for the problem . 
  i should have seen this one coming . 
  i really should n't have replied at all to your provocation . 
  wo n't make that mistake again . 
  sorry about that . 
  i really do n't understand your question . 
  my stance is that , as revolvelot stated earlier , putin reacted to circumstances . 
  in february the 20th of this year there was a meeting between government , president , the opposition in the ukraine , where they settled for a political pact for the time being . 
  and we 're talking of the legitimate representatives . 
  a few days later all hell broke loose , and there was , in fact , a coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  and what was the first law passed in that new not voted `` parliament '' ? 
  eliminating russian from being the second language of the country . 
  we 're talking about a country with a lot of russian speaking people . 
  putin reacted to a western provocation when they tried to enlarge nato to include ukraine ( something we 're trying to do for years ) . 
  much the same way the us would react if russia and china would form a international military alliance and tried to include canada or mexico . 
  realpolitik is much alive , and these actions of eu and nato just did n't seem to grasp any concept of international affairs , thinking that russia was diminished enough that they could just expand to the east without any response . 
  we can fool ourselves as much as we can , but that does n't change the fact that `` our side '' , is n't any better than the `` opposing side '' , and that , in this particular matter , we did , in fact , started it . 
  that was nice ... 
  people just do n't seem to understand that simple premise . 
  russia has been warning western powers for years about ukraine , especially about ukraine . 
  and most of the replies in this sub naively assume that what happened in the ukraine earlier this year was n't a western funded coup . 
  it was the people wanting freedom of tyranny . 
  seriously !? 
  putin is a pompous ass yes , and i 'm not absolutely sure he is n't navigating by sight , but in this whole mess he is less to blame . 
  edit : ah , europe , where you absent mindedly downvote opinions of others , while reasoning with your hubris . 
  yes i understand that . 
  we do have some pockets of ghetos of immigrants from africa that live in bad conditions and the second generation ( which was born here ) have it even worse ( no sense of belonging , no expectations of a good future , etc ) , but nothing like in france . 
  if we put together that lack of unemployment is for everybody ( i think there 's a sense of we are all in the same boat so immigrants are not blamed ) ; the lack of a strong national pride ( well , it exists but not as strong as in france , spain or italy for instance ) ; and the fact that at this moment there 's really no immigrants arriving , it would further explain this issue . 
  i also understand , as i 've been noticing in the polls in france with fn and in the uk with ukip , that far right is gaining terrain with social issues and the left ( vide hollande ) is leaning towards the right , plainly dropping social issues !, 
  it 's absurd , but well , we 'll see how that goes . 
  in portugal we do have the same problem . 
  the left has no alternatives . 
  it 's politically inept , but , probably because of all the reasons i stated above , the far right is n't rising . 
  europe lives strange times in fact . 
  oh , i almost forgot about your question : right now , the main source of immigrants that arrive in portugal are from brazil , but they are highly qualified and are populating universities and research groups . 
  brazil is investing heavily in education and in scholarships abroad and portugal is an obvious choice to send students . 
  our decolonization process was abrupt , right after 1974 . 
  we had been at war in guinea , angola and mozambique since 1961 and they all became independent in 74 , after the revolution here . 
  there are small niches of nostalgy for the colonies here and there but overall i do n't think so ( lots of racism still though ) . 
  i think the reason is that portuguese ( white ) that returned from the colonies after the independence , which were around 500.000 people ( at the time maybe 7 or 8 % of the total population ) very rapidly adapted and were n't really organized or even considered organizing around those ideas ( and they were , after all , pissed about losing everything in africa ) . 
  another reason was the massive support of the revolution of 74 , which has a leftist aura , and it was extremely efective in the communication for about thirty years i suppose . 
  overall , i do n't think there 's a feeling of far right being backwards , just idiots ( the small example of party that we have is an anecdote ) . 
  not just that . 
  there are more factors . 
  low immigration , which is the usual excuse for far right rising . 
  or the strenght of the unions for instance . 
  far right is growing in france and the uk precisely in the workers class , with the weakening of the unions . 
  in portugal , they have a big part in sustaining the infiltration of those ideas . 
  in portugal is below 1 % apparently . 
  and it was one of the last countries to decriminalize abortion ( only in 2007 ) . 
  it 's true that the use of contraceptives has increased since then and family counselling also , but these numbers are from 2010 . 
  for that year , i do n't really think that the numbers are accurate . 
  regarding clandestine abortions , they have decreased imensely . 
  it 's possible to infer the reduction from the number of women that go to the hospital for complications in the process . 
  it has decreased from an average of 1258 between 2002 and 2007 to 241 between 2008 and 2012 . 
  i do n't really know what 's happening in conclusion . 
  no , british in algarve . 
  edit : thinking about it , maybe it correlates to how sparce is the population . 
  the whole lighter blue area in the south ( apart from algarve ) is called alentejo , more than a third of the country , and has about 700,000 people . 
  they , apparently , connected it with south lisbon ( south bank of the river ) in the map , where there are a lot of drug related murders . 
  well , regarding 1190 ok , i 'll give you that . 
  even though 1143 was the year that spain ( castilla ) accepted the kingdom of portugal ( the declaration was before that ) , so i really think that would be a more accurate description . 
  regarding portugal not being ever a territorial part of spain that 's just revisionism . 
  it 's like saying france was never part of germany in wwii because they had a french government ( vichy ) . 
  even though miguel de vasconcelos was portuguese , he end up like any other spanish would end up !, 
  it 's not absolutely accurate . 
  it should be seen as a curiosity mainly . 
  portugal ( the one i know ) , for instance , they have wrong right up from its foundation - it 's 1143 , not 1190 . 
  and it had only one change , and that was that it was spanish from 1580 to 1640 ( not to 1590 ) . 
  there 's probably some survey or academic study on this subject . 
  or not , maybe we 're all just being prejudice !, 
  anyway , could it be because the north is rich ? 
  or because it does n't have any sun ( this does n't account for ireland somehow ) ? 
  being protestant ? 
  somewhere along the way there was cultural glitch that separated entire cultures in this matter .
