seeing so many people eating apples , polish doctors probably are saying to themselves , `` fffuuu ... '' as a side note , it is n't the first time russian government bans import for political reasons . 
  mineral water and wine from georgia was banned for the whole presidency of saakashvili . 
  thanks !, 
  never seen those . 
  they 've ran out of ideas , have you heard their anti-eu nonsense ? 
  it 's funny it was important for many soviet people as almost the only foreign festival translated on tv . 
  its participants were jokingly called `` sanremontniki '' by some , which means `` plumbers '' in russian . 
  shows with such a long history feel like someone greeting you back from the 60 's . 
  that 's all this show is about ? ... how many people watch it ? 
  yeah , on the other hand , if the show is so popular that it as lasted for long , then they could be rich . 
  with additional income from ads and such , it may add up to a considerable sum of money . 
  when i see the word `` klan '' it reminds of ku klux klan . 
  [ its logo ] ( http://imgur.com/0ymaubi ) would look great on a pack of some quality sour cream or cheese . 
  it 's a pity it is , as you say , such an over-dramatic show . 
  i 'm not very familiar with german tv ( i only remember seeing pimp my fahrrad and die toten hosen on mtv when on vacation in croatia ) , although a person i knew once told me that her relatives in germany disliked the tv a lot . 
  actually , there are many shows like that , and i really hate being subjected to some awful scandals and such . 
  these shows feel disconnected from reality , like some emotionally unstable kid playing barbie . 
  the questions were funny . 
  in the category `` furniture '' , the answer could be `` toilet '' , some answers were misspelled . 
  and there was a category `` cool guy '' , the answer to which was `` bashurov '' -- the game 's developer . 
  i do n't know about poland , but i do n't think tv series actors get that much money . 
  it depends on the show , but still considerably less than movie actors . 
  maybe they owe the director a lot of money so they have no right to quit . 
  everybody loves smart quiz show hosts . 
  all hail jordi, 
  cringeworthy and completely unfunny jokes ? 
  we do have it in russia . 
  evgeniy petrosyan has been a comic for around 50 years . 
  an epitome of redneck humour . 
  along with dom 2 , a godawful show where people try to find a partner , he 's one of the figures which even politicians sometimes speak unfavourably of . 
  sorry to hear about your loss . 
  better than crack, 
   meet chris hansen i doubt he is a pedophile . 
  at least , i ca n't find any info about it . 
  there 's never been any scandal , at least . 
  by the way , did you know there was an [ unofficial pole chudes game ] ( http://imgur.com/zihzshm ) ? 
  you made my day, 
  in russia , there are jokes about mongolia similar to the ones about albanian technology . 
  mutation from malnourish, 
  this reminds me of that old image macro : [ imgur ] ( http://i.imgur.com/phpwnm0.jpg ), 
  reminds me of this anecdote : two russian drunks are crawling on the railway . 
  the first one says : `` what the hell is wrong with these stairs ? 
  the steps are so flat '' . 
  the second one goes : `` and the handrails are so uncomfortable '' . 
  the last one exclaims : `` hold on , guys !, 
  i see the elevator is coming !, 
   * `` used to '' * well , our government has revived this practice . 
  our politicians may have offshore bank accounts and villas all over the world , but still they insist that it 's united states department of state which is the root of all evil for russia . 
  next thing i expect from the government propaganda is the return of kuzka 's mother . 
  in the context of the post you 're referring to , i was joking , of course . 
  [ but the matter stopped being funny some time ago ( a picture from some russian article on ukraine ) . 
  the political and social oppression in which they lived would n't leave anyone a choice . 
  i 'm happy for them because they escaped the country which treated them like this . 
  it 's sad that one of the most famous russians with jewish roots , mikhail khodorkovsky , was sent to jail and had his company taken by the state , and yet i know many people who think `` he 's a jew , that 's what he deserves '' . 
  by coincidence , his nickname `` hodor '' has gained a new meaning with the success of the game of thrones . 
   so imagine the circle jerk when portugal lost 4-0 to germany i think there 's never been a higher concentration of schadenfreude in a country in the history of the universe . 
  i should remind you that in 862 , russians got tired of trying to establish order on their land , said `` screw it '' and invited vikings to rule them . 
  rurik , the first ruler of what would become kievan rus , established a dynasty which would last for more than 700 years . 
  sometimes i think we should do it more often . 
  reminds me of this quote : `` in ussr , the states were perceived as some kind of heaven ... everything was better there . 
  it was very hard to get there , and if you made it , you never came back '' . 
  distantly related : soviet cosmonauts are called to the meeting . 
  their supervisor is telling them : `` you 're going to fly to the sun '' . 
  they reply : `` but we 'll die ! '' . 
  the supervisor is enraged : `` do you think only idiots work at politburo ?!, 
  you wo n't die , you 'll fly in the night '' . 
  danes are beautiful , smart , nice and reasonable people too . 
  * and * you created lego . 
  one new russian brags to another : `` i have so much money that i could buy the whole moscow ! '', 
  the other answers , `` buy ? 
  i 'm not selling it '' . 
  large factory in soviet union , 50s . 
  all workers are called for an announcement . 
  the manager takes the stand and says , `` tomorrow , you must come at 8:00 am for your death penalty . 
  you will be hanged . 
  questions ? '' . 
  the silence ensues . 
  one man rises hand . 
  `` yes ! '', 
  -- says the manager . 
  `` comrade manager , will we have to soap the rope ? '', 
  capitalists, 
  it 's exciting how 2 nations which are considered to be beautiful , smart , nice and reasonable people , have jokes about each other . 
  well , i 'm not surprised, 
  just out of interest , what 's the stereotype about russians ? 
  international classic . 
  never gets old . 
  we have the same joke about wily russians who take everything which is n't nailed to the floor . 
  there are many russian anecdotes about jews which are pretty rude . 
  it 's really sad because the attitude to them during soviet years and before was racist ( it 's sad one of the few words that were borrowed from russian to english is ` pogrom ' ) . 
  it 's interesting that there are n't many jews in russia today , and yet the hate towards them still is pretty evident because of the ultra-conservative mentality prevalent in the country . 
  i 'm generally confused when i hear russian jokes about jews because i 've barely seen them and the ones i saw certainly did n't live up to their public image . 
  and not to forget that a lot of soviet scientists and public figures were jewish , heck , even one of ussr 's most famous singers had jewish roots . 
  foreign jokes at least are more relevant , like that one . 
  i laughed out loud . 
  i did n't know swedish jokes were co cool . 
  can you post some more ? 
  yeah , this is a good idea . 
  and the stereotype is really funny itself , estonians are definitely not slow-witted . 
  it 's better to expose a crime than to keep pretending everything 's alright .
