  because right wings is as unpopular as their leaders, 
  her policies are : let asylum seekers in ; redistribute the asylum seekers to unwilling states and hopes they stay there ; tell the asylum seekers to learn german and count learning german as complete social integration and then viola migrant crisis avoided . 
  all her policies count towards these asylum seekers are law-abiding people . 
  this may work with the germans , but i highly doubt it works for the new-comers . 
   fastest growing language in the germanic countries . 
  and it 's all due to immigration . 
  i would n't say that it is a ` growth ' per se ; more like muslims are breeding more . 
   homosexuals it 's not like merkel did a lot to the homosexuals anyway . 
   `` for me , there is still a difference [ between same-sex relationships and marriage ] . 
  it 's not the same , but they want the same . '' it 's almost as if policies are made through her personal opinions rather than the people . 
   those 450 apparently have signed the so-called buma form , which registered them as asylum seekers ( though not necessarily applying for it in germany i guess ) . 
  i think all 900 of them gave fingerprint . 
  but germany is accepting half of the asylum seekers and calls it an `` equal distribution '' . 
  who needs vitamin d when allah is with you . 
  no , but the isis can use this event as propaganda to entice the ` moderate ' muslims in europe . 
  `` look !, 
  they hate us !, 
  join our course and you and your children shall be free in europe in near future ! '', 
  focus on the outcome of the incidence and ask yourself what this means to the migrant crisis , muslims , germans , and isis . 
  i have a feeling that the percentage of `` these refugees '' is as low as the percentage of the extremists among the refugees . 
  brussels -- up to one million refugees in turkey will receive debit cards and monthly cash transfers to help pay for food and housing under a new $ 348 million ( $ 393 million ) humanitarian program from the european union announced thursday . 
  the humanitarian program , the largest ever from the eu , is part of a $ 3 billion package of assistance that the eu promised turkey to support some three million mainly syrian refugees the country hosts . 
  turkey has complained that the money , which was agreed to in exchange for ankara 's help in preventing migrants from entering the eu , is arriving too slowly . 
  `` the situation in syria remains very dramatic , '' the eu 's humanitarian aid commissioner , christos stylianides , said in a news conference . 
  with the debit cards , refugees will be able to buy what they need rather than getting food handouts , he said . 
  `` the european union is keeping its promise to assist turkey in hosting the largest refugee population in the world , '' mr. stylianides said . 
  when it comes to humanitarian assistance `` our cooperation with turkish authorities has been excellent , '' he added . 
  the announcement comes ahead of a visit to ankara by the eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini and eu enlargement commissioner johannes hahn on friday . 
  relations between turkey and the eu , always fragile , soured over the summer when turkey accused the eu of failing to show its support for the elected authorities in the aftermath of the july 15 military coup . 
  in brussels , berlin and elsewhere , there was widespread concern at president recep tayyip erdogan 's post-coup crackdown , with some senior european politicians questioning whether the bloc should continue membership talks with turkey as thousands of military and government officials were purged . 
  however , over the last 10 days , both sides have sought to steady the relationship . 
  european officials , including german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier , have acknowledged the bloc may have fumbled its response to the coup . 
  at a meeting on saturday with eu foreign ministers , turkey 's european affairs minister omer celik pulled back a threat from turkey to scuttle the migration agreement . 
  the new eu aid program will be overseen by the world food program , in cooperation with the turkish red crescent . 
  each family 's need will be assessed individually and there are top-ups available for education or supporting elderly family members , mr. stylianides said . 
  of the $ 3 billion pledged , the eu has now earmarked projects worth $ 2.2 billion for turkey 's refugees , including humanitarian aid and programs to provide health , education and other services for migrants . 
  of that amount , $ 652 million has already been contracted and $ 181 million has been spent . 
  you do n't maintain all 250 planes at once, 
  at least no one from yugoslavia tried to blow themselves up prematurely in a party . 
  this time our new guests are completely different breed . 
  so pretty much like the green vs nuclear policy then, 
  in economic field , to `` prove '' ( we do n't really prove anything here , especially in macroeconomics ) anything you need data . 
  in this case , a panel data . 
  which means you need time . 
  and it would mean you need panel data of at least 7 years post article 50 to be able to see anything useful . 
  sure , now you have a reactionary market . 
  but that still does n't `` prove '' that they were right . 
  give it time , then we will see . 
  just because you stop hearing about it from the news does n't mean the prosecution has stopped . 
   berlin -- german chancellor angela merkel signaled no policy changes after an unprecedented defeat of her party in a state election on sunday . 
   though the loss reflected public discontent with her refugee policy , ms. merkel said she stood by her migration decisions of recent months -- which included negotiating with turkey to stop the migrant flow but avoiding setting a limit on the number of migrants allowed to enter germany . 
   she said the german government needs to `` win back trust '' from a public that she acknowledged had lost some confidence in berlin 's ability to address the challenges facing the country . 
   `` i believe the fundamental decisions we made in the past months were right , but we have much to do to win back trust , '' ms. merkel said on the sidelines of the group of 20 meeting of economic powers in hangzhou , china . 
  the government needs to show it is solving the problems germans face , she said , including the integration of the more than one million asylum seekers who have arrived since the start of last year . 
   a party that was formed just three years ago has beaten angela merkel 's christian democrats in a closely watched state election in germany . 
  mark kelly reports . 
  image : reuters ms. merkel 's christian democrats on monday were trying to make sense of their third-place finish -- behind the upstart , anti-immigrant alternative for germany for the first time in a state election . 
  the center-left social democrats won mecklenburg-west pomerania sunday with 30.6 % of the vote , followed by the alternative for germany with 20.8 % and the christian democrats with 19 % . 
   the result means alternative for germany will hold seats in nine of the country 's 16 powerful state parliaments and gives it momentum ahead of the vote in the state of berlin later this month and the federal election in september 2017 . 
   `` in the long term , we want to govern in this country , '' alternative for germany co-chairman j\u00f6rg meuthen said monday . 
  human rights act is the product of ratification on echr in the uk . 
  sure uk and eu depends on each other . 
  but you need to realised that that dependency is n't equal and uk is on the heavier side of the balance . 
  i like how you spend 2/3 of your post defending you 're not a nationalist . 
  i was honestly hoping you would retort with some trade numbers because that is exactly what i have not done . 
  you would have won a few argument points there providing you can interpret the differences in trade number convincingly . 
  instead you focus yourself almost completely on my closing remark . 
  by the way , your `` record '' does n't show that you 're are not a nationalist . 
  sure you made efforts to distant yourself from irrational goons such as mr farage . 
  but i do not really see how you are at the `` exact opposite of the spectrum '' . 
  regardless though , whatever that floats your boat . 
  needless to say the plants can transfer their machinery while britain is still in eu without paying import tariffs and all that rubbish . 
  the speed of transfer , if they do happen , will be so swift you wo n't even see the shadow of it, 
  eu dependency on uk is significant amount , that 's for sure . 
  but this is minuscule if compared vis-a-vis to uk dependency on eu in terms of good and services . 
  so perhaps you want to hold that nationalistic pride of yours down a notch . 
  the same could be said about terrorist events in last 20 years . . 
  i bet you certainly did n't feel the same way you did with xenophobic attacks in britain . 
  as no puns is involved , i can assure the poster is just being a cunt . 
   line up a job not just any jobs , but only highly skilled job or highly demanded jobs . 
  the environment will be different and brits will be treated as non-european migrants as it is fair . 
  i do n't think uk has exit stamp even for non european . . only entry stamp . 
  source : am non-european, 
  i do n't know . . the version that they can not eat pork or anything that live both in water and land for one ? 
   move to a muslim country . 
  but they provide no welfare and living security :(, 
  if a refugee successfully blew himself up and killed more than a dozen people , i 'm sure that same refugee would also have blown up her career figuratively . 
   the german government thinks the challenge of integration boils down to teaching refugees german and getting them jobs . 
  but it is really about identity , he says , and this is where german society fails . 
  the government could really take an advice or two from the g\u00f6ttingen professor, 
   then merkel wanted to import another 1.5 million muslims it 's already a fait accompli . 
  and then what . . another migrant camp ? 
  let 's face it , uk oversold itself to the world . 
  you guys should instead sell yourselves as the sad and depressing little isolated country with no friends and no money . 
  look at bulgaria , these migrants actually cry when they found out there were in bulgaria !, 
  wow . . so smart . 
  much hip . 
  muuhh relevant . 
  because they did not want to apply from them, 
   handle their refugees please , those refugees were heading to us and are still doing the same no matter the cost .
