  a case studies would be the somalians currently seeking asylum and leeching in sweden . 
  that sense of entitlement is rampant among these refugees . 
  `` we entitle comfortable housing , money , job and future ... from european statesl welfare . 
  of which none of our ancestors helped to built or paid for '', 
   good enough are you kidding ? 
  they are both horrendous . 
  i would n't mind now if cameron rescind his resignation . 
   we want to do business with the world , and the world wants to do business with us that is always out of the question . 
  except for ndrk , i do n't think any nation in the world does n't want to do business with other countries . 
  however , it is the conditions that the business is conducted that matter most . 
  from an economist standpoint , free trade is always good for the economy . 
  unfortunately , this view may not be shared among the politicians who , incidentally , govern the nation . 
  after doing some stalking . 
  i came into a conclusion ( hastily ) that what you meant by the quoted as `` uk is super great . 
  there is absolutely no reason why the world would n't agree to whatever we have to offer '' . 
  for one thing , as of now , uk is indeed great in tertiary sectors ( e.g. 
  service , finance etc ) but not so much on manufacture . 
  this poised a problem because tertiary capitals are very mobile . 
  on top of that , a big piece of uk economy is dependent on the `` passporting '' rights . 
  so that view of yours might not reflect the truth if there 's the fall out with eu trade agreements . 
  and the leaders in brussels have stressed that `` no fom , no free trade '' . 
  and each of the eu nation has vested interested in carving up that piece of cake in canary wharf for themselves . 
  it still has to be debated , passed in all the relevant chambers , then negotiated with the uk , passed in both houses and so on . 
  reason why the main media did n't catch a light on this because it is still a skeleton with empty foundation . 
  it 's like you go out to a realtor and say `` i want this piece of land of which i will build a house , in the future . 
  meanwhile , i haz no moneh , but i thought it would be nice to inform you '', 
  boeing is not the us government . 
  the latter dictates trade agreements ; the former just lives under it ( albeit with some lobbying power ) . 
  did you not have your crazy pills today ? 
  why are u being so aggressive . 
  sure , editorialisation is bad . . 
  but barking like a hound at op for an answer that will only satisfies your ego is just equally disgusting . 
  in her time as home minister , she managed to : 1 . ), 
  disband the post-graduate job search programme 2 . ), 
  impose maximum of 4 years of master and undergraduate studies ( means you can not study a second degree in the uk even if you decide to change your life and willing to pay the exorbitant international tuition fees ) 3 . ), 
  ridiculous work permit quota . 
  which means that only the city or top companies get to hire fresh graduate . 
  and by top i mean those top 4 companies . 
  you can forget about boutique or cash-tight start-ups 4 . ), 
  if you married a british citizens , you are only allow to get spouse visa if your british partner earn a certain amount of money . 
  which is way over middle-income requirement . 
  she has this very very traditional and narrow view of students , family and skilled workers . 
   and fences . 
  fences that germany did n't pay for and was making a big fuss about it . 
  i think the visegrad should start charging germany for it . 
  trust me , i was a non-eu citizens when i was studying in the uk . 
  may makes our lives a living hell . 
  i 'm sure she will be gladly fuck any immigrants from the back and then kick them out . 
  new zealanders can get work visa in australia more easily than to uk and are much more culturally attached to the australasia than to europe . 
  i exchanged the quality of the video with getting myself poisoned with the comments . 
  zionists ? 
  prevent spies by shutting down embassies ? 
  immunity and network . 
  i think first you need to tackle the refugee crisis . 
  this is one of the most viable weapon for far-right knobheads to be used to tickle the population . 
  i think eu must do something so as to discourage [ 4,500 daily asylum seekers ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/italy-rescues-4500-migrants-in-one-day/a-19380550 ) ; and that the situation last year can not happen again . 
  swift deportation of criminal asylum seekers . 
  no , i 'm saying unemployment often ( but not always ) leads to anti-social behaviour . 
  employment often distracts one from going extreme/addiction/anti-social . 
  [ here 's a cute video from kurzgesagt explaning that social behaviour on heroine . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao8l-0nsyzg ), 
   not too many jobs available for undocumented people a perfect recipe for burglary . . and worst , islamic jihad no ? 
  you can interpret the retirees as `` people that only intends to stay * alive * only for a little while '', 
  wait , i did n't know firms these days are dependent on using mobile data rather than , you know , cable/fibre internet . 
  also i did n't know t-mobile & vodafone represents the entire germany . 
  uk mobile data rate seems to be the same with vodafone . 
  very uninformed sarcasm . 
  deutsche bank is a private banking company ; it has nothing to do with germans or germany except founded there . 
  what you want to say is deutsche bundesbank or the schatzamt . 
  theresa may only ever wanted the blue-bloods ... she has no regards for the working population . 
  look at her immigration policies she implemented over the years . 
   it just went into `` not funny anymore '' - territory for me . 
  =( the table has turned ... well , from my perspective , the table is having an extra leg for that sweet drama . 
  the party i go either drink from beer bottles/cans . . or paper cups if you wan na mix some shit . 
  i , on the other hand , drink directly from wine bottle if i wan na get pissed drunk . 
  i 'm afraid i 'm quite detached from the reality in germany as i have access to wsj and te . 
  and i read dw & bbc for my news . 
   even red plastic cups to pour drinks in i 've never seen that cup being used before though . 
  is this what british read on daily basis ? 
  almost all of them are sensationalist tabloids . 
  have you considered being on cersei 's small council as a foreign minister ? 
  i think you will fit well in the whole narrative . 
  while you 're at it , why not fuck all the treaties uk signed as soon as it work against the nation in a slightest way . 
  heck , why not leave the un and it 's security council ... uk is great . 
  it can sustain itself . 
  even if uk can not do that , the kingdom is rich enough to throw all the pounds they have onto other nations . 
  colonial years best years !, 
  i do n't get all these pure retarded mentality you nationalists have really . 
  is that an inherent trait or a prerequisite ? 
  nevertheless , without you knobs there wo n't be the sweet sweet drama that 's going on in westminster . 
  german politic is way too boring , really . 
  you cut taxes , then you can either print more money ( high inflation and higher sovereign bond interest ) or cut public spending ( nhs , pension fund , government bodies , funding that was never promised to cornwall or wales , and owh and that expensive university tuition fee of yours ... remember the 2010 student riot ? ), 
   if the eu and the uk are both happy ignoring part of the treaty then who 's going to take the eu and uk to the ecj ? 
  the usa ? 
  it takes only one country to take uk to the ecj . 
  at the back of my mind would be spain due to its catalonia problem . 
  if you allow uk to start negotiating before leaving the eu , this can set precedence ( i.e. 
  [ ratio decidendi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ratio_decidendi ) , and that ecj is the highest court of any eu nations ) that catalonians are able to initiate trade negotiations even before they seek independence from the spain . 
  whether eu will hear the catalonians is another matter , but the court case in ecj will set a precedence that allows it . 
  which , spain will never let it happen .
