  although you do have some pro-immigrants posts around . 
  but at least most of these posts are not mindless shitposts you get in t_d, 
  the uk wants to be northern europe too ... and scotland into nordic, 
  which explains why some societies see women as personal properties rather than human . 
  they do . 
  say what you will , they will always find a way to argue their point across no matter how flimsy it sounds . 
  no , they had a beef with the refugees as well . 
  they are concern that once the refugees get citizenship in any eu countries , they will go to uk right away . 
  someone got triggered !, 
  hahahas also marxist elitist ?!, 
  really ?!, 
  is that the insult they throw out nowadays in the us ? 
  do you know what even that is ? 
  you know , besides `` damn european socialist commies '' . 
  also , i like how you just jump the gun and presume anyone that questions your intelligence gets labelled as `` cnn socialist cunt who does n't love usa '' . 
  well , have i got news for you buddy . . hahahas x 'd this is gold also do n't even try with me the `` i speak 3 other foreign language '' bullshits . 
  we are in / r/europe . 
  most of us speak , at least , two languages fluently . 
  and english is n't even my second language !, 
  go back to / r/the _ donald and stay there , will you ? 
  i even hyperlinked the subreddit for your convenience . 
  go there and complain about us `` marxist elitists '' who are patronising your intelligence , if it even exists that is . 
  bad spellings - check lack of punctuation - check ridiculous logic - check child-like mind for world politics - check confirmed : / u/bkloro59 is a trumpster and the scum of the earth that nobody needs right now . 
  because despite how you see bank evil intention in handling the money , in the end of the day , they are better qualify in managing that money than your average american . 
  what about this one : when there 's a terrorism event caused by an islamist and that if lives were taken in such an event , then the government allows the neo-nazi to harass equal amount of muslims ? 
  you know , to stop islamic terrorism . 
  it 's equally ridiculous do n't you think ? 
   business insider business insider is a shit tabloid source akin to buzzfeed . 
  they just have a better domain name and that is it . 
  the good ones are ft , wsj or theeconomist . 
  actually , i think this might backfire with failed asylum-seekers actively seeking out to victimise themselves purposefully . 
  i wonder how the government can determine if the attacker is far-right or not . 
  there are some clear lines , but there are some blurred lines as well . 
  it 's an interesting social experiment ... at the tax-payers expense of course . 
  thanks islamic state and unchecked migrant influx . 
   25 year old woman from ivory coast died because the authorities fucked up . 
  we do n't know how she died . 
  we do n't know how long the ambulance took to arrive . 
  we do n't know if any of the first respondents are actually responsible for her death . 
  nothing of that sort was state in the article so attached . 
  yet you jump the gun and said the authorities fucked up . 
  no wonder you ` understood ' their anger . 
  because you do n't use your head before making some stupid decision : rioting from their side , and blatant presumption from your side . 
   brandenburg is the first german state to pass a rule forbidding the deportation of asylum seekers who have been victims or witnesses of violent crimes . 
  authorities hope this could curb the rise in far-right crimes . 
   the german state of brandenburg will not deport asylum seekers if they have been victimized by right-wing violence . 
  local media reported on tuesday that brandenburg 's interior ministry had asked local authorities to use the leeway available to them to make sure foreigners whose asylum applications had been rejected , but who had been victims of right-wing attacks , could stay in the country . 
   with the decree issued on december 21 , the interior ministry implemented a resolution brandenburg 's parliament had passed in april . 
  the directive posits that victims of crimes and witnesses to crimes of a certain severity should be allowed to stay in germany . 
  this includes crimes such as attempted murder , assault , arson and bomb attacks , but also kidnapping , theft , blackmail , public riots and sexual offenses . 
   asylum seekers who have committed a crime or share responsibility for a violent incident are exempt from the new rule . 
   according to local daily `` potsdamer neueste nachrichten , '' which first reported on the decree , the eastern state that surrounds berlin is the only german state with this type of policy . 
   far right-wing crime against foreigners has been on the rise in germany over the past two years amid an unprecedented influx of asylum seekers . 
   eastern germany , in particular , has long struggled with far-right extremism . 
  according to local tv station rbb , right-wing offenses in brandenburg increased by 23 percent in 2015 . 
   see more police than tourists . 
  after how many lives where taken in paris only that they increased policing effort i wonder . 
  trump just twitted putin to be `` very smart '' . 
  so that 's that, 
  no , the airport is a testimony of proving the `` german efficiency '' to be a myth . 
  it might be in the post war era ; but not anymore in the 21 century . 
  does he deserves also the online donation they collected for him if it turns out he was already dead and did not contribute to the swerving of the lorry ? 
   professional  uses surveymonkey something smells fishy here . 
  please publish your credential instead of having a mod secretly checked . 
  i think we have the right to know where our information is going . 
  i know you said you would share with the community after the finding . 
  so if you have no problem doing that , then you would not have any problem sharing information about your research institution , what it is , which field do you guys do . 
  depending if this is an econo-sociological or a psychological survey . 
  the former would morally compels you to publish the aim of the studies while the latter does not . 
  ( i believe in the uk , you need to provide the aim of the studies and relevant information , by law . ), 
  but since this is an online survey , i doubt it is the latter . 
  my credential : phd student in applied math , very briefly dealt with unesco-funded educational survey in pakistan just last summer . 
  though my job was just optimisation , i listened to my colleagues as well as the trainings . 
   i may have been off somewhat , you have been off ... a lot . 
  it bothers me because in your first post you attempted to spew out whatever you think by legitimise it with pseudo-stats . 
  fortunately this is reddit where shits like yours get fact-checked . 
  hey look . 
  more words !, 
  very nice words ... jesus , do some actions now beside giving words will you ? 
  i want heads to roll on this one . 
  and i want them to apologise , personally , to the victims family and admit to them how incompetent they were and promise no more excuses from the authorities . 
  he needs papers from the country , in this case tunisia , in order to deport him back to tunisia . 
  because that 's how it works . 
  the papers from tunisia ( who initially rejected that he is tunisian ) came in yesterday . 
  i have no idea what is the rationale behind by letting known deportee walks free or absconds . 
  this policing work in this area is , to very least , fucking incompetent . 
  but looking at how they just released the refugees with multiple sexual assaults case even though he was not the lorry driver , i can say that this country has gone too soft . 
  they are relying on these scums to follow the rules , because they have had generations of citizens that do that . 
  then when these rats do something like these , the policy makers scratched their head asking themselves : '' why are n't people just follow the laws . '', 
  yet these extremists still able to derive their ideologies from these religions . 
  what does it tell you ? 
  religions are something anyone can exploit and we as a human should ditch that poisonous cult already . 
  the last time i checked , it is the european that are dying from terrorism , not syrian refugees . 
  on top of that , of course this kind of terrorism followed you all the way ; because your religion allows it . 
  no just dumb anglophones getting all kind of crazy wordpress news, 
  the us elected bush and indirectly caused thousand of american in usa soils during 911 for not being vigilant . 
  not to mentioned the lives outside of american soils . 
  and us elected trump and indirectly cause the death of xxxx future numbers that will die during his administration . 
  and so is obama . 
  the death of school shooting is all obama 's fault .
