  english and wales uses common law . 
  means the future court have to adhere to previous court ruling and the supreme court just ruled that the government of the day do not have the royal prerogative over referendum without having it decided in the houses . 
  this is landmark ruling for the english & wales ( and uk ) legal system . . not so much on brexit, 
  you think they are not aware that is considered right and wrong by their host countries ? 
  those who are unwilling to assimilate will never care , because they knew their new host will accommodate them anyway . 
   escaped the terrible warzone of afghanistan only part of afghanistan is in warzone . 
  but instead of fleeing to the safer places of afghanistan , they come to europe instead . 
  even the afghanis from safe zones will also come to europe and poised themselves as refugees because european has little to no way to differentiate them . 
  it was snowing heavy the other day and i was waiting for my tram in a stop . 
  in that small sheltered stop , this asshole decided that he would light up his cigarette to quench his addiction , blowing the smoke into the stop . 
  if you want to smoke , go do it in your own quarters . 
  do n't bring it to public space . 
  i do not want to smoke , and i should not be the person that give way so you can smoke in that sheltered stop , in a cold . 
  maybe fuck off somewhere else to smoke or just wait until you 're home or something . 
  no you did not . 
  nobody that says that except people outside of cambridge , and maybe except the coons at trinity . 
  we are aware of the joke , but nobody actually `` sing '' it openly anywhere . 
  then say that instead of `` your own history was bad , so you have no rights to comment what is taking place currently . '', 
  would be awesome if the typo is `` u '' instead . . analcust . . or even analcunt \u2122, 
  your problem is that your first post is actually [ tu quoque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) . 
  it would have been fine if you take his points and refute it with stronger premises . 
  not , `` huuhhh church and spanish inquisition , you are equally bad ... so your statement is shit . '', 
  kind of retort . 
  it 's weak and stupid , even if it sells to the general population nowadays . 
   [ trump ] thought his german origins might not endear him to possible backers . 
  he stuck to fred 's tale and wrote in his autobiography , `` trump : the art of the deal '' , that his father was of swedish descent . 
  challenged on this point in an interview with vanity fair in 1990 , he replied : `` my father was not german ; my father 's parents were german ... swedish , and really sort of all over europe . '' opinions aside , te do n't cite something if it 's untrue . 
  unless you 're one of those people who instantly who `` mainstream medias tell lies , and only lies , unreliable shitty lies ... not a word to believe . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21692909-how-german-heritage-he-has-hidden-shaped-donald-trump-kallstadts-king ), 
  despite that , a democratic elected president is , after all , democratic elected . 
  just as the brexit , you will get both the goods and bads of the outcome no matter what . 
  whatever consequences you think it might incur , you will have to face it yourself . 
  outsider like us can only advice so much , especially to a super power/permanent member of security council . 
   time to redeem there is nothing to redeem anymore . 
  the old guilt is gone and shall stay gone . 
  germany , in my opinion , has regurgitated herself in clean hands since konrad adenauer times . 
  from pov of a foreigner living in glorious kurpfalz, 
  and she is aging !, 
  i may be fine in seeing her in office next election cycle , but i have no intention to see her again after that . 
  and i sure hope she does n't go all thatcher in her state of mind !, 
  please , he claimed he had swedish ancestry before someone called him out on that . 
  this may the first time i actually see this phrase until in an appreciative sense . 
  in brexiteers eyes , it would always be eu fault whoever starts a corporate tax law . . in fact , it would always be eu fault for anything from cancellation of trains to sleepless nights on that damned eu-regulated bed . 
  i like how the rest of world knows the uk is desperate for trade deals and every nation seems to be leveraging on that fact . 
  and yet the brexiteers hope the rest of the world to be `` sympathising '' enough and say `` look at us , we are awesome , give us your best trade deal ( best only in uk stand-point , of course ) ... but no , we are n't giving any inches to you ; just as we did n't give any inches to the filthy eu . '', 
  then it appears that you live in a welfare street . 
  so it indicates to me you 're equally unproductive as the race you loath so much . 
  the current work i 'm doing now related to many-particles stability is pioneered by someone named chatterjee . . that name sure sounds very ` white ' . 
   we will never sign a trade deal with india if it 's to include freedom of movement . 
  no way in a million billion years . 
  and yet you want indian money in buying your goods ? 
  what is this ? 
  reconquista des india ? 
  pretty sure britain do n't have that might it used to have hundreds of years ago . 
   may said the visa is here to stay but let me trade freely with you or else you 're worst than putin himself . . rawr . . talking about having that cake and eat it too . . now she wants that cake in a quantum state as well ? 
   fair deal deals you think it 's ` fair ' may not be so fair if you up yourself into eu shoes . 
  why are you even trying with that flairless troll ? 
  but you see . . this feeds the brexiteer narrative of `` ah , you brexit haters . . show 'em that ! '', 
  or in trump 's word `` wroooooooooooooooooooooooonnggg '' check the op 's comment and you will see why he is making this a big deal . 
  i think at one point he said he was going to give up his american passport because the us was taxing him on the `` foreign income tax '' regime . 
  but i think in the end he paid for the back taxes . 
   rebase in china technically hong kong ... 
  the ukip is only the manifestation of a deeper problem . 
  the people in ukip will always find something to be angry at . 
  my guess is that they will follow whatever vision trump has for europe . 
   it 's about being adult about the situation , not a petulant little brat wait , the eu is being the little brat here ? 
  who decided , when joining the eu , that she is to be given special treatment just because she thinks she is utmost important ? 
  who then decided to leave the eu because some of her subjects decided that eu is not giving anymore special treatment ? 
  who then thought it was a good ideas who spew out misguided brebartic ` facts ' and base its decision on that ? 
  who then decided when they voted to leave , that they are going to take their own sweet time while keeping the rest of 26 members in the dark exactly what the uk want to do ? 
  ( until today anyway ) now eu is still a little brat here ? 
  i know eu has been the scapegoat for all your problems . 
  but i 'm afraid after this , you no longer have the moral right because truly , 51 % of your voters are assholes . 
  eu has been clear about its stance from the beginning . 
  the union is bounded by fundamental ideals and movement of labour is one of it . 
  uk knew it , yet you treat statements like these in your own [ british way ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-37799805 ) . 
  as a non-eu migrant who has spent his undergraduate in nottingham , i can say there are significant of you lot are so far up in your superior complexity ass , you do n't know when to stop smelling your own fart . 
  it seems like may still hope to negotiate some of the custom union privileges , or as quoted in bbc , `` bespoke deal '' like it is some kind of burberry coat . 
  which part of `` you will not get one without the other '' does she not understand . 
  but at least one thing we know for sure , the uk is positioned in rejecting the eu migration of labour . 
  we no longer need to speculate on that , even though it was obvious from the beginning . 
   it does n't mean automatically that people are not guilty . 
  it does n't mean people are automatically guilty either . 
  when the whole institution is questionable , the due process it has should also be put up to question . 
  this is precisely the definition of [ kangaroo court ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kangaroo_court ) . 
   a kangaroo court is often held to give the appearance of a fair and just trial , even though the verdict has in reality already been decided before the trial has begun . 
  this could be because of the biases of the decision-maker , or because the structure and operation of the forum result in an inferior brand of adjudication . 
  you could have said '' [ . . not for turning ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq-m0kefm9i ) '' and it will work just as well . 
  not the smartest comeback tbh, 
  and you do not believe trump would get re-elected again ? 
  if he 's selling his rhetoric to majority of american voters well , i do n't see how he would n't go for it . 
  calm yourself . 
  the statement is  if the government starts throwing out eu citizens , the keyword is `` if '' ... which i can understand why . 
  it almost as if once the state start rounding up eu citizens and throw them out , the state will take on a new but not unfamiliar face of fascism . 
  but other than that . 
  you are right , it is unlikely . 
  but i do n't know why you wan na get all judgy on that matter . 
  where have you been ? 
  this subreddit is central right then it comes to immigration . 
  and very right when it comes to mena refugees .
