  oh noes . . refugees lying to get that extra benefits . 
  i 'm disgusted there are n't even screening for nationality . . 
  i suspect the screening for extremist tendency is close to nil . 
  does n't matter what she did or did not do . 
  as long as the asylum seekers all believe that she does that 's all that matter . 
  anticipating flight of the skilled turkish . 
  sounds a bit like gdr now . 
  what if you look at the age bracket . 
  most europeans are old, 
  so was nazi . 
  i ca n't wait for the godwin law to switch focus on akp/erdogan `` oh look merkel is forcing austerity package again . . '' `` literally erdogan , that old hag '', 
  the easiest and cheapest way out is to press a button . 
  like how you press a button on a bus to get out . 
  you press the button on the station to hail the bus, 
  you have n't seen turkish full might yet . 
  they know europe is bounded by laws and treaties , whilst they can violate it without having to risk their own voting constituent . 
  the field is not the same . 
  for example , what if turkey decides to open the flood gate of migrants and , at the same time , infiltrate the migrants with its own militia . 
  what would europe do ? 
  they would feed their militia so fat and , when the time is ready , blew up some public places . 
  and cover their mercedez state cars ' figurehead with a black plastic bag, 
  how do you protect yourself on a train if terrorism such as this happens . 
  : / i can only think of pulling the emergency level and hopefully the driver stop the train fast enough to throw off the attackers balance . 
  self edit : and then what . . 
  capture him ? 
  what if he has a suicide vest . 
  gosh i hate living at this unstable times . 
  so the next thing is to see if he has islamic tendency ? 
  i have high reservation on his age tbh . 
  but there 's no way to prove that especially he is now dead , so . . 
  it is now known that perpetrator is allegedly 17 y/o afgan refugee . 
   the amount of '' ataturk is spinning in his grave '' comments in this subreddit is too damn high . 
  i 'm pretty sure his bones have been spun to dust . 
  savage !, 
  i think it 's more like `` open sesame '' type of deal . . you know , to the supposedly heaven 's gate, 
  ca n't we just interpretating joining isis to equal to joining nazi or the ss . 
  or even worse because joining isis requires one to actually travel to middle east so personal deliberations are given there . 
  and i do n't think peer pressure is going to fly . 
  russia , as a nation , never really wants to play the game by its rules completely . 
  so this should not come as a surprise . 
  dear / r/europe , are we going to let him slide for using the dreaded unit measurement and did n't even bother to specify it ? 
  i just do n't see how education sector is part of the formulation . 
  i 'm fully aware that good education churns out good leaderships and better inform democratic . 
  but the mechanism itself does not run the nation . 
  to draw a parallel micro example : what runs a simple car ? 
  engines , wheels and gears . 
  education in this example would equate to the machine that builds these important components without which the components would not be built and the car would not exist . 
  but the machine itself does not run the car ; the components that it produced do . 
  therefore , when asked what runs the car , the machine can not be in the equation . 
  in other words , i 'm not dismissing your point as useless . 
  rather , i 'm adhering to the more robust philosophy behind national governing . 
  however , these conditions are `` sufficient but no necessary '' for a supposedly `` good '' nation . 
  for that , yes a good education is necessary . 
  but it does not mean one has to or ought to separate it from the `` engines '', 
  education sector does not govern the nation . 
   i can totally trust trump and clinton with death penalty the president does n't get to decide who gets death penalty , they have only pardon power . 
  death penalty in us is a long procress and it is decided unanimously by juries which is drawn randomly and sentenced by judges . 
  if turkey really reinstitute capital punishment , i highly doubt erdogan wants to have due procress like these . 
  him dismissing 2,7 k judges in less than 24 hours shows that he has no regards for judiciary platform ( which by the way , should be a separate institution to the government ) . 
  a good nation has 3 separation of power : legislative ( the parliament ) , executives ( the government ) and judiciary . 
  it would seem that erdogan is consolidating all three together , which will invetiably leads to autocracy . 
  and you think bundeswehr and the number of pro-erdogan pro-islamic turkish ( with our newly unintegrated migrants ) prepare us well to take on a world war ? 
  maybe the mosque should start looking at an instrument ... maybe a gong . 
  oh wait , music instruments are haram in islam . 
   turkey joined nato in 1952 and times were different then . 
   erdogan supporters can be that dum you 're in for a surprise . 
  i see that . 
  but i genuinely would like to know where aus is positioned at . 
  and how many vietnamese terrorists blew themselves up and run people over ? 
  where is australia on that list ? 
   thus proving my point that this sub has a hard on for the uk no it does n't . 
  the only point that has been proven thus far is the amazing ability you have in detaching your brain and sew it on the tip of your cock , thinking it would give you magic power . 
   54545 articles where did you pluck the numbers from ? 
  again , this is n't the / r/the _ donald or your fellow bexiteers campaign ; you should learn how to properly source thing if you want people to take you seriously . 
   you 're telling me 54545 articles about the uk not triggering article 50 or wales having less funding is the most important thing happening in europe right now ? 
  no , you twat . 
  i 'm telling you that reddit tends to show what is popular because people upvoted it . 
  and it so happens that brexit was , for the past two weeks before nice massacre , the most upvoted and debated articles because that news affect all of us . 
  all other news are also upvoted . 
  there just are n't many articles on that regards . 
  now if you so butthurt about this , then i have no other advice than to tell you : i hope your parents are fine with your upbringing , because it seems like they 've failed massively . 
  you should probably buy them a kek, 
  they do get posted . 
  just no one is upvoting them enough because they are just not as popular . 
  do you even know how reddit works ? 
  not every subreddit is like / r/the _ donald you know , you trigger happy bastard . 
   so sad to see such hate for us just because we left the eu perhaps we should have a referendum to show that we still love you guys ( or not , who knows what kind of results referendum holds these days ), 
  because that 's the news you nincompoop . 
  right now turkey 's coup is all the rage . 
  the attackers blew themselves up after fighting with the incoming police . 
  and did you realised the post was removed because of bad source ? 
  from where did you deduce that i was in favour for military coup ? 
  regardless , i was referring to the following quote of yours :  i 'm against violence , but if somebody tries to hurt me , i 'd make an exception for him . 
  either you 're too dump to hold up what you say or you 're basically just a walking hypocrite with unreasonable belief . 
  radical islamist or turkish daesh . . 
  they now deserve the name . 
   radical islamist so that 's what we are calling akp turds now ? 
  nice, 
  so say you successfully capture the truck driver in nice massacre alive and police has n't arrived yet . 
  you would then go ahead and slit his throat and publicly hang him at the promenade ?
