  well , there are n't 52 % active german redditors that said it . 
  so , your generalisation does n't even have a ground to stand . 
  seems like almost every family members of islamic terrorists claim that the attackers are either non-observant or severe mental illness or both . 
  i take those as a grain of salt because the latter is now inaccessible unless the attacker went to a psychiatrist before . 
  ulterior motives for the family to save face and to defend their religion leaves a room for doubts . 
  from where did you read that he had severe mental health issues ? 
  i normally get my news from bbc . 
  and [ this profile about him ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36801763 ) does not mention that . 
  or are you telling me you 're being in-character to your usename, 
   increasing prospects in lower classes , reducing unemployment the trucker had a job . 
  it 's not ceo or doctors , but he had a job . 
  and a family who then could not handle him . 
  then he sought the easiest way out and was promised prospect of heavenly reward . 
  how would you then fix this problem . 
  so was there an actual lynching ? 
  did turkey really becomes one of its islamic neighbours ?!, 
  i still refused to believe this . 
  : / i guess we will know when the dust settles . 
  then again , it might happen that when the dust does settled , you might never get to see any information that disfavours erdogan again . 
  erdogan really going to get full stalin this time . 
  i do n't think you can try people retrospectively, 
  put on your tin foil hat . 
  it 's orchestrated by the president him self . 
  it was doomed to begin with . 
  and the president will now get even larger suppose and he will consolidate more power . 
  and at the same time crush the gulenists . 
  almost feel like the kurd terrorist attack before the 2nd election last year, 
  a failed coup would . 
  you only need a weak coup . 
   a man was killed after he shouted `` allah akhbar '' ataturk will not approve this, 
   attackers are all home-grown this one is not . 
  he 's been identified as tunisian by the bbc ; no longer `` french '' - tunisian, 
   i have deep concerns about future of my country . 
  i think your concern just got deeper . 
  i hope this will all plays out . 
  yeah i think with the coup in turkey . 
  these walls will have to come down soon . 
  you might now get turks and the existing refugees . 
  nah he sums up the details you wanted into two words  economically fucked that 's how the brits vote anyway ... buzzwords and buzzwords, 
  or running over them, 
  i hope the syrian , iraqis and afgan we took are as relax as the turks . 
  but i doubt so . 
  8 months is enough to meet the 200 marks without charlie hebdo edit : i 'm disgusted at myself having to address the dead as some sort of number . 
  this happens way too often and i 'm thoroughly fed up with islamism, 
  i feel completely helpless in this situation . 
  the bad driver drove 2km, 
  and fat . . 
  did n't they become one of the fattest nation per capita ? 
  freedom of movement and migrant distribution are two different thing . 
  one in volunteer and the latter is forced ( from the person who is being moved ) . 
  freedom of movement will adjust the labour market so that the skill will match its demand ( though not perfectly but better in relative sense ) . 
  migrants distribution , on the other hand , is forcing labour into the market whether the market like it or not , rendering labour market clearing to be suboptimal . 
  to gain more viewship . . 
  there are sizable russian minority in germany . 
  i do n't think you can call her a first woman anymore . 
  otherwise everyone gets to be first . 
  a first labour pm since two election cycles ago . 
  a first blonde foreign minister since the last one , etc etc, 
  you have trade deficit mainly because you do n't produce that much goods in relative to the goods that you buy . 
  trade deficit is a ratio term ; it does not show , completely , how the eu market is dependent on uk . 
  if i produce 1 good and buy 3 goods from eu . 
  my trade deficit is obviously huge . 
  however , if eu is exporting 100 goods , then 3 goods is is but a small cake i 'm not saying eu market does n't not depend on uk . 
  but it is only for a certain extent ... less dependent than you wish to think . 
  stop interpreting the economic variables wrongly , you shame the whole profession . 
  then again , most of you do n't take advice from expert anyway . 
  are you so blind you do n't recognise all the special status eu had granted to the uk ? 
  of course that does n't please you because that 's not enough , is it ? 
  you 'd rather want to be the `` powerful '' germany you hated so much than be a contributing member of the eu . 
  you could n't have it all , so you chose to leave . 
  real gentlemen you are . 
  what the hell are you talking about . 
  i 'm not defending any systems . 
  what i try to say is that all taxation systems have flaws , and large corporations have ability to exploit this flaw compare to smes whether you like it or not . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  you have exemptions , ability to declare earnings elsewhere , ability to move assets around ... and did i mention all kind of exemptions that is not meant for companies like starbucks but they exploit it anyway ? 
  you 'd still be in the eu , you nincompoop, 
  then say it . 
  i do n't think there are anything stopping other leaders to say . 
  it 's just that this piece of news is focus on germany . 
  why are you so butthurt, 
  your mom and pop caf\u00e9 ca n't afford accountants that can dodge taxes effectively . 
  giant firm always have the advantage if you compete with them head first . 
  and you completely leave out the next sentence of me sympathizing the other half . 
  i was sad and shocked that britain choose to leave , but it is comments like the one i replied to makes me less sad . . and , to be honest , less empathy to the brexiteers . 
  still though , having spent my undergraduate in the uk , i am still very much concern for the young and educated . 
  well , most did n't expect brexit and trump to win the caucus . 
  the modern era is full of surprises . 
  ( or idiots with too much voice ), 
  ca n't commit to eu , ca n't commit to leave . 
  tsk tsk tsk ... 
  i think when they decided on that rule , they had in mind to deter future exits . 
  nevertheless , the uk knew and agreed to the rules before the referendum just as they knew full well this is once in a generation referendum ; it is hardly an excuse . 
  except that cameron said he would trigger art . 
  50 immediately before the referendum . 
  is there any reliable politicians in the uk anymore ? 
  it did n't . 
  but i would probably elaborate more if i did n't want to play your game of over expressing oneself within 50 words . 
  i think most eu countries are more benign to their british immigrants than british to their eu immigrants . 
  i 'm almost sure that you will be fine .
