  it 's completely out of line with the header . 
  is telegraph just wan na show how weak eu is ? 
  why not august ? 
  how long does it take to elect a leader , none of the contestants are competent anyway . 
  it wo n't make any difference either johnson or gove ( or may . . who is completely out of touch with reality ), 
  and yet in germany we only have an appeasement so called civil union with almost but not complete right of a marriage couple . 
  thanks merkel !, 
  and they have racial profiling which , as of now , is frowned upon in europe . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  you provably need to elaborate more rather than making statements that say nothing . 
  this sub is n't england ... 52 % of us do n't take baseless statement you irrational knobheads blurb out . 
  brexit needs to be quick so we can focus on more pressing matter that affect us europeans at hands : security and refugees issue . 
  england is only worth so much of our time . 
  they do . 
  their argument is that uk is so great * eu would have to adhere what they demanded . 
  sure uk is significant , but i doubt the 27 would want to give up the principle of the union just to accommodate uk , which by the way , had already enough special treatments before brexit . 
  brexiteers are just delusional . 
  i was hoping they would remain . 
  but right now i just ca n't wait to see the face of these brexiteers when europe carve their service sectors one by one from london . 
  introducing solow growth identity ( classical growth model )  capital growth = savings x output - ( depreciation rate + population growth + technology growth ) x current capital good luck uk . 
  so you could n't provide sources ? 
  if no , then you 're just a typical brexiteer i have stereotyped so far . 
  shame though . 
  uk wanted fptp as their system and it is fptp they got . 
  those who did n't vote or voted regretfully knew this and therefore must accept their mistake . 
  today cameron already said he will act accordingly to the results but indicates that he will stall the negotiations until next pm gets elected . 
  take it as lesson learnt . 
  elect some competent people . 
  maybe we will meet again . 
  we will still miss you . 
   free movement is n't required in order to accept doctors you 're right , it does n't . 
  but it does hurts some feelings knowing significant amount of people in britain detest your ( and your family members ' ) very presence in england . 
  ( why do n't they hire perfectly well english doctor/nurses ?! ), 
  when i graduated from an english uni . 
  i was offered a choice to do phd in either england or germany . 
  i choose germany eventhough my stipend is slightly lower than the one i would have in england ( in real terms ) due to germany being a public institutions . 
  one of the reasons is because the tories policies towards its non-eu skilled labour are disgraceful and the rise of english nationalist . 
  therefore , i no longer see myself welcomed to settle in the uk . 
  i rather contribute to a place where both the people and the government who will appreciate me . 
  also , 30 % of my colloboration is tied to a uk research institute via eu-wide funding . 
  with 52 % of you goons voted out , you have no idea how many research projects you have destroyed . 
  sure , the uk can take over and fund the projects themselves . 
  but if you are aware what the govt did in recent years for rcuk ( which i doubt you do ) , you will know that uk govt knows fucks what to fund . 
  and will tend to fund only short-sighted projects . 
  [ relevant rant by a physicist . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cflaqesyrg ), 
  it was a prank !, 
  he realise him and putin could be friends !, 
  could you show me some sources ? 
  not that i do n't believe you . 
  but the current google search kept showing results that he backtracked ( i guess because that 's the hottest topic ) and hardly anything about 180 mil you mentioned . 
   farage actually said that # 350m would go to the nhs merkel did n't actually say that all refugees were welcome . 
  she merely suspended the dublin treaty onto syrians . 
  but it did n't matter , because all the refugees believed it and take it as `` germany openly welcomes all of you and will pay for your house and food '' the same with brexiteers really . 
  does n't matter what farage said or did n't say . 
  his voters had probably already believe the 350mil can be used to fund nhs . 
  the fact that he did n't come clean to his fanatics before the referendum because he wanted them to believe it . 
  that might helps ... 
  except that uk does n't really have enough export oriented industry to recover . 
  because england is a great and super kingdom . 
  everyone else will literally die if they fuck with us and take what belong to us away . 
  even if it 's truly not ours , but england is great so your argument is invalid ) - up yours , your dearly beloved english nationalist . 
  the reason why the calais jungle even existed was because uk has its border control at french side . 
  so they can reasonably reject their entry and still remain in french soil . 
  once france gets rid of uk border control from its soil . 
  then these migrants can leave france and france would not stop them . 
  and when they arrive in uk , they can declare that they are asylum seekers and conventions dictate that uk must hear their case whether or not if they are valid . 
  that gives them a temporary stay . 
  seeing how uk does n't have identity cards habit . . 
  it 's very likely the failed asylum seekers will disappear in uk . 
  uk has been warned of so many things but the 52 % just decided to close their ears and go `` yada yada '', 
  it 's quite ambiguous if you think of it . 
  japanese can also able to work , to live , to travel , to study , to buy home and to settle down at any eu countries . 
  but that does n't means they do n't need a valid visa to do that . 
  johnson is advocating for just common market while being ambiguous to the remain voters . 
  what a cunt, 
  the one that was expelled involuntarily from a certain federation . 
  but then it became awesome . 
  it 's a funny anecdote to the current situation in europe . 
  not originally german either . 
  a commonwealth citizen , grew up with post-colonial system . 
  went through a-levels and british education . 
  then theresa may came with all her xenophobic policies towards third-country researchers ( you do n't normally read this on the news because we tend to ` suck it up or leave ' ) , and then germany welcomed me and my skills with open arms and took care of me so much so that 3 years in england will never best that . 
  not english ( despite that i did my bachelor in nottingham ) . . but i will open up a bottle of hefeweizen . 
   it 's about 90 minutes the video is n't that long . . 90 mins is 1hr30min, 
  then he 'll return and put the blame on eu , while possibly keeping his new job while the uk economy goes to shit . 
  remember , it is the eu fault . 
  could be an appeasement to leave voters . 
  eu citizens will get 100 points for free !!, 
  it is not . 
  use ublock instead of abp or adblock . 
  the latter have become shite . 
   this eu referendum has been the most extraordinary political event of our lifetime . 
  never in our history have so many people been asked to decide a big question about the nation 's future . 
  never have so many thought so deeply , or wrestled so hard with their consciences , in an effort to come up with the right answer . 
   we who are part of this narrow majority must do everything we can to reassure the remainers  it has been a gruelling campaign in which we have seen divisions between family and friends and colleagues -- sometimes entirely amicable , sometimes , alas , less so . 
  in the end , there was a clear result . 
  more than 17 million people voted to leave the eu -- more than have ever assented to any proposition in our democratic history . 
  some now cast doubt on their motives , or even on their understanding of what was at stake . 
   it is said that those who voted leave were mainly driven by anxieties about immigration .
