  i do not believe that is so . 
  after meeting thousands of people in the course of the campaign , i can tell you that the number one issue was control -- a sense that british democracy was being undermined by the eu system , and that we should restore to the people that vital power : to kick out their rulers at elections , and to choose new ones . 
   i believe that millions of people who voted leave were also inspired by the belief that britain is a great country , and that outside the job-destroying coils of eu bureaucracy we can survive and thrive as never before . 
  i think that they are right in their analysis , and right in their choice . 
  and yet we who agreed with this majority verdict must accept that it was not entirely overwhelming . 
   there were more than 16 million who wanted to remain . 
  they are our neighbours , brothers and sisters who did what they passionately believe was right . 
  in a democracy majorities may decide but everyone is of equal value . 
  we who are part of this narrow majority must do everything we can to reassure the remainers . 
  we must reach out , we must heal , we must build bridges -- because it is clear that some have feelings of dismay , and of loss , and confusion . 
   i believe that this climate of apprehension is understandable , given what people were told during the campaign , but based on a profound misunderstanding about what has really taken place . 
  at home and abroad , the negative consequences are being wildly overdone , and the upside is being ignored . 
  the stock market is way above its level of last autumn ; the pound remains higher than it was in 2013 and 2014 . 
   we should be incredibly proud and positive about the uk , and what it can now achieve . 
  and we will achieve those things together , with all four nations united  the economy is in good hands . 
  most sensible people can see that bank of england governor mark carney has done a superb job -- and now that the referendum is over , he will be able to continue his work without being in the political firing-line . 
  thanks in large part to the reforms put in place by david cameron and george osborne , the fundamentals of the uk economy are outstandingly strong -- a dynamic and outward-looking economy with an ever-improving skills base , and with a big lead in some of the key growth sectors of the 21st century . 
   we should be incredibly proud and positive about the uk , and what it can now achieve . 
  and we will achieve those things together , with all four nations united . 
  we had one scotland referendum in 2014 , and i do not detect any real appetite to have another one soon ; and it goes without saying that we are much better together in forging a new and better relationship with the eu -- based on free trade and partnership , rather than a federal system . 
   i can not stress too much that britain is part of europe , and always will be . 
  there will still be intense and intensifying european cooperation and partnership in a huge number of fields : the arts , the sciences , the universities , and on improving the environment . 
  eu citizens living in this country will have their rights fully protected , and the same goes for british citizens living in the eu . 
   british people will still be able to go and work in the eu ; to live ; to travel ; to study ; to buy homes and to settle down . 
  as the german equivalent of the cbi -- the bdi -- has very sensibly reminded us , there will continue to be free trade , and access to the single market . 
  britain is and always will be a great european power , offering top-table opinions and giving leadership on everything from foreign policy to defence to counter-terrorism and intelligence-sharing -- all the things we need to do together to make our world safer . 
   yes , there will be a substantial sum of money which we will no longer send to brussels , but which could be used on priorities such as the nhs  the only change -- and it will not come in any great rush -- is that the uk will extricate itself from the eu 's extraordinary and opaque system of legislation : the vast and growing corpus of law enacted by a european court of justice from which there can be no appeal . 
  this will bring not threats , but golden opportunities for this country -- to pass laws and set taxes according to the needs of the uk . 
   yes , the government will be able to take back democratic control of immigration policy , with a balanced and humane points-based system to suit the needs of business and industry . 
  yes , there will be a substantial sum of money which we will no longer send to brussels , but which could be used on priorities such as the nhs . 
  yes , we will be able to do free trade deals with the growth economies of the world in a way that is currently forbidden . 
   there is every cause for optimism ; a britain rebooted , reset , renewed and able to engage with the whole world . 
  this was a seismic campaign whose lessons must be learnt by politicians at home and abroad . 
  we heard the voices of millions of the forgotten people , who have seen no real increase in their incomes , while ftse-100 chiefs now earn 150 times the average pay of their employees . 
  we must pursue actively the one-nation policies that are among david cameron 's fine legacy , such as his campaigns on the living wage and life chances . 
  there is no doubt that many were speaking up for themselves . 
   but they were also speaking up for democracy , and the verdict of history will be that the british people got it right . 
  tl : dr boris reassures the british citizens everything is going to be fine . 
  they can still work , study and live abroad in the eu . 
  that the uk will have the common market , but power to ignore ecj , more money for nhs . 
  oh , and the uk has power over its immigration ( via point-based system ) . 
  basically the same rhetoric . 
  my opinion : how will eu react to retaining the brits the same freedom of movement in eu while letting uk to have its double standard of blocking eu citizens coming to uk ? 
  i think johnson is smoking something and he did n't invite me . 
  oh noes . . another lying english politicians who ca n't keep his promises !, 
  honestly . 
  even though politicians lie and lie to get what they want , i do n't think i have seen anything like the current english politicians from a developed country . 
  then the eu lawyers will interpret any relevant negotiations as the trigger . 
  of course , we already know that european commission is against this idea and would rather do things more properly , but it is not impossible . 
  especially if uk push their luck too far . 
  and the whole tories will go in the next election . 
  i do n't think they want that . 
  ah look at the comments . 
  the brexiters are calling him bullshit . 
  this tragedy turns out to be thoroughly enjoyable !, 
  hey , no astroturfing for the modonazis here . . 
  it is recognised by her majesty the queen . 
  ( do i still need to capitalise her name since she 's would no longer be european queen ? ), 
  [ her majesty 's most loyal opposition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/her_majesty%27s_most_loyal_opposition_\\ ( united_kingdom \\ ) ), 
  quite a lousy representative . 
  it should goes as followed : girl : '' i need to break with you . . you 're an insufferable asshole '' guy : '' i 'm sorry that you feel that way ... 
  it 's fine . 
  now we need to discuss how w. . . '' girl : '' ... 
  wait !, 
  i do n't wan na break up with you just yet . 
  i do n't have place to stay tonight '' guy : '' are you fucking kidding me ? 
  you just told me you want to break up with me ? 
  you said you know what you 're feeling . . and you call me an insufferable asshole ! ... '', 
  girl : '' yes , but i 'm a girl , i 'm special . 
  a princess . 
  you can not let me go without letting me to find a house and job for my own first . . '' guy : '' no , fuck you !, 
  and get the hell outta my car '' ( invoke art 50 ), 
  i hope everyone learns from this, 
   dragging down the markets across the globe , not just europe . 
  europe will take hit harder than the rest of the eu , because uk is still the service capital to the rest of europe . 
  the longer the uk holds , the more anxious the market will react . 
  and for the policy-maker perspective , they do not know what will be negotiated and what to prepare . 
  will the uk ceased to have access to the service sectors ? 
  or partially ? 
  all the agents need some sort of stochastic knowledge , or at least some direction , as to how this divorce will go and who gets what . 
  if you leave the market in the dark ( which is what uk is currently doing ) , the capital will leave europe as a whole and be placed on somewhere more stable . 
  sure , they might come back at some point if the financial weather is benign . 
  but during that time , there will a be lot of lost businesses and capital to move around in the market . 
  and if this leads to some recession , some of the capital that left europe will never come back , and needless to say anyone will attract any new foreign capital in the time being . 
  the uk leave voters have be warned by relevant economic bodies ( boe , ecb , imf , wb , white house , bundesbank and many more economic research institutes ) countless of time on the consequences . 
  they all take it as fear-mongering and then proceed to `` stick 'em up to the man '' . 
  sure they could have phrased it nicely . 
  but then again , economists are n't really popular on their politeness or politics playing . 
  in any rates , uk can now have their sovereignty back and sort themselves out with their own time and with their own people without having eu meddling their businesses . 
  but not until they tell eu they are leaving for sure . 
  well . . how would you go about it . 
  offering concessions to 48 % of british citizens ? 
  or offering the uk to quit eu 52 % ` ly ? 
  first past the poll has always been uk 's way of doing politics . 
  their citizens know that . 
  we all know what . 
  this time it was leave that first past the poll , so the rest of the nation have every reasonable to interpret it as the leave is the majority , no matter if some of them regretted their vote , or regretted that they did not vote . 
  you think referendum is some sort of game ? 
  it is not fair that while majority of the uninformed voters spat at the eu face , the uk then drag the whole european markets down with them by prolonging this agonising tragedy . 
  have some decency and decide what you want to do , and be quick because equity markets do n't wait for anybody .
