  you can already deduce what they are thinking with spain 's recent statements to scotland . 
  hanging a treaty also set a precedence to the world that any treaties can be hanged . 
  this is not good for future partnerships . 
  good plan . 
  very thoroughly written . 
  i 'm very engry at eu now . 
  england is for england and englishmen only . 
  they think we would fall . . but they will all regret all their fear-mongering antics when they finally see ** the plan ** !, 
  it is so great it will bring them down to their knees !, 
  make england great again !, 
  as great as the great war and the great recession that comes after !, 
  anarchy in the english reich !, 
  engry should be a word . 
  the game , you lose . 
  please use the subset and not-subset symbol . 
  your use of equal and not-equal signs is wrong and contradictory . 
   gove 's education reforms you guys wan na til your fellow europeans on gove 's education reform ? 
  it is also the second largest islamic banking system . 
  for some unbeknownst reasons . 
  and you pro-brexiter in vatican city , surely you are aware the phrase `` rome is not built in one day '' . 
  same principal to economic crisis . 
  it does not happen in one day ( except in rare cases of armageddon ) . 
  first you set a condition for the crisis to grow . 
  then , if the economic policy maker does not make it heal in time , then it might slowly implode . 
  the crisis really `` dings '' when the market speculators have reasonable believe that market will crash and will act as such . 
  as of now what you see here is short term noises . 
  nothing much but a panic market speculators . 
  since everything is still at status quo , you will get some great fluctuations but things wo n't be as bad as the weimar . 
  however , if the condition is set such as : eu denies single market entry for good and services , and the whole negotiations fall through . 
  the policy agents would need to act quickly such as lowering corporate tax to retain companies and capital . 
  but that would mean more cuts in spending ( pension and nhs anyone ? ), 
  if the agent is not smart enough , things will implode and market speculator , once realising this and have reasonable belief that uk has not future , there you will get the recession and economic crisis you have been warned about . 
  luckily , the ` experts ' you brexiteers dubbed as fear-mongering , high-towering fatcats are not stupid . 
  they have a duty and will do what they can even though half of the british people didnt listen to them . 
  you brexiteers goons would have them to thank for ( which you will hardly do ) . 
  let 's just hope these experts are n't made up of eu citizens . 
  because you will then have a very awkward situations . 
  you 're not using that fallacy right . 
  no one is appealing his authority . 
  this is just a contrary anecdote to farage statement of `` virtually none of you here ever done a proper job '' . 
  what you are doing here is argument from fallacy ( or fallacy 's fallacy ) . 
  i do n't need to link anything here since you can do that quite well yourself . 
  still a big tragedy, 
  but . . but . . he ran away . 
   from about 50 to ... about 85 . hey . . do you have source for that . 
  bbc has n't been citing anything but one of the few big cases . 
   it was n't all your fault  it was n't all your fault [ the daily express says otherwise !, 
  ] ( https://imgur.com/duun3pl ) ... whilst on the referendum day . 
  they posted [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/z3ihpzr ), 
  to be fair , the brexit comics are quite high-quality . 
  but they are not coming out fast enough to dilute the salty tears and i have . 
  is this an asylum seeker from the recent / r/polandball filter for brexit ? 
  the economist is a quality paper . 
  support it by subscribing . 
   growing up a british , and specifically an english person , is bound to have some effect on one 's personality . 
  just supporting the national sports team induces a sense of perpetual disappointment , as the recent loss to iceland has illustrated . 
  there is a trait of self-deprecation , which americans sometimes struggle to understand , and which masks a ( probably unjustified ) pride in our national sense of humour . 
   history also plays its part . 
  britons have benefited from a global version of the qwerty syndrome ; our ancestors defeated the french in the battle for european control of north america . 
  not only did this establish english as the global language , but the natural alliance with america helped britain win two world wars . 
  the use of english and the country 's geographical position has made britain a natural base for international business and finance . 
  by being on the `` right side '' of those wars , english people grow up with a fairly benign view of their role in history and are shocked to find that the irish ( let alone the scots ) and citizens of the countries we invaded have a much more jaundiced impression . 
  in a sense , then , modern britons were `` born on third base and think they hit a triple . ''  it was not always thus . 
  just 40 years ago , britain was a mess . 
  as a teenager i recall doing homework by candlelight in the power cuts of 1972 , the three-day week , endless strikes and a widespread sense that britain was ungovernable . 
  it was a shabby , dirty country ; when my mum hung out the washing in peterborough , the soot from the brick chimneys made it dirty again . 
  there was widespread racism ; `` paki-bashing '' was a favourite sport of teenage boys . 
  in the late 1970s , more people were leaving britain than immigrating ; london 's population fell by a quarter between 1939 and the early 1990s . 
   slowly but surely , britain changed . 
  was it the eu ? 
  was it margaret thatcher 's reforms ? 
  was it north sea oil ( another lucky break ) ? 
  whatever the reason , britain became more confident , more vibrant , more multicultural . 
  to return to the trivial subject of sport , in the 1972 olympics britain won just four gold medals , three of which came in the `` posh '' disciplines of sailing and horse riding . 
  in 2012 , we won 29 , with the magnificent mo farah , a somali immigrant as a child , taking two to the adoration of a packed london stadium . 
  in football , a black england player was once a news item ; now they make up half the team on a regular basis . 
   the british economy was no longer the `` sick man of europe '' , especially in the run-up to 2008 . 
  yes , there was too much debt and too big a bet on financial services ; but these were not the only areas where britain was doing well . 
  the car industry has been revived under foreign ownership ; aerospace remains important , as does pharmaceuticals ; and hollywood calls on britain 's creative and technical expertise . 
  the sense of national decline had gone ; people flocked to live and work in london as one of the world 's great cities . 
   not everybody , of course , welcomed these changes . 
  and i understand that it is easier for a middle-class briton to feel more secure about it than for someone on the minimum wage . 
  workers in the developed world felt that the benefits of globalisation were passing them by . 
  still , britain has had rather more success , post-2008 , in driving down its unemployment rate than france , spain or italy . 
   it also felt like there was a cultural change towards greater tolerance ; british football supporters are nowadays horrified by the racism they hear expressed towards their players in eastern europe . 
  the british national party imploded in the face of a lack of voter support . 
   now in the space of a week , there is a sense that all that has changed . 
  the referendum campaign seems to have awakened some `` rough beast '' within the british public ; never mind a halt to immigration , some people think existing immigrants are about to be forced out . 
  there are widespread reports of racist incidents and attacks . 
   yes , of course , the 17m people who voted leave did so for a wide variety of reasons , from sovereignty through to the hope that more money would be spent on the nhs . 
  the leave campaign was always an odd coalition between slightly eccentric back-bench tories ( who were also climate-change sceptics ) and ukip 's nativist instincts . 
  part of the reason for the post-referendum chaos is that there was no coherent plan for what a post-brexit britain would look like . 
  but it is not clear that there is an electoral majority for the `` singapore of europe '' model that michael gove seems to support ; boris johnson has quickly retreated from his assertion that the result was not about immigration . 
   to this lifelong resident , the country looks more like the britain i remember from the 1970s and less the kind of country that i can feel proud about . 
  and that matters because my children may soon lose the right to live and work in the rest of the eu , an insurance policy against nastiness at home . 
  and if i feel that way , how many more talented , more mobile people , who came to britain because it seemed like an open tolerant place , might decide to leave ? 
  to illustrate the point , here is a tweet from an italian living in london  many international professionals already thinking of leaving london and move elsewhere . 
  not bc of legal status , bc they no longer feel home  and as they go , the people in this video will feel like they have won . 
  wait . 
  why is this being reported here .
