  uk would likely pay less what it had agreed to , but can not completely escape it . 
  on technicality sense you can refuse to pay a cent , but that is completely `` hilter refuse to pay sovereign debt '' type of deal ; you will completely destroy whatever is left of the relationship with your neighbours . 
   he has the talent to herd cats are there many cats in the uk ? 
   `` because you believe that is right '' . 
  i do n't see a big difference . 
  that is a lot of presumptions there , you do n't see it because you hardly know me , a random redditor on the internet . 
  however , i 'm an utilitarian when it comes to decision making . 
  regardless , there are reason why some actions are perceived to be right . 
  you would see why had you put a little more thoughts into it . 
  reading books/wikipedia / [ standford philosophy encyclopedia ] ( https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/mill-moral-political/ ) would help too . 
  [ an introduction to political philosophy ] ( https://www.amazon.de/introduction-political-philosophy-jonathan-wolff/dp/019929609x ) by jonathan wolff is a great book to start in my opinion . 
  that is far enough for one to make decision that if such a god do not exists , one should not worship it . 
  needless to say , taking a step further and impose laws and rules based that baseless ideas of `` because god says so '' . 
  you can [ prove by contradiction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof_by_contradiction ) , which is common and powerful tools used in mathematical proofs . 
  you first assume that the abbrahamic god have the characteristics in the bible/quran/torah to hold true . 
  then you will find that these characteristics contradict each other , then you say that such a being , if exists , does not have at least one or all the characteristics as assumed . 
  then , such a being can not be all almighty god , therefore abbrahamic god can not exist reductio ad absurdum . 
  an example to this is the [ omnipotence of a god ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omnipotence ) . 
  funny . . because people close to trump is either from goldman sachs or have worked in goldman sachs . 
  so you would n't mind if those tanks , which are totally not related to you , somehow self-destruct ? 
  or if you relies too much on it . . getting a fallout-like attitude in energy usage . 
  hey look !, 
  a retard !, 
  actually , it is reddit that taught me freedom of speech is freedom of express oneself without persecution from the government . 
  not spewing out words that results in hurting , monetarily or otherwise , another person or group of people ; which is called defamation and hate speech respectively . 
  thanks reddit !, 
  the fatherland !, 
   can control looking at the situation retrospectively ... 
  i do not think so d ; but if the republican want trump to make a huge scene to distract the population while the law makers secretly do ` republicanique ' stuffs under table ... then it might be believable, 
  any examples you can share ? 
   you went batshit crazy . 
  what did he say ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  i still do n't get why france is still hosting uk border , that is the exactly why calais jungle happened anyway . 
  let the uk has their own so precious sovereignty in their own sovereign island . 
  whether these asylum seekers the uk hate so much will cross the channel or not is no longer eu 's problem . 
  edit : to those uneducated brexiteers : you may think even if the border is moved back to british island , your border agency still be able to turn back asylum seekers . 
  you underestimate the powerful phrase of `` i wish to seek asylum in united kingdom '' and the international treaties you signed . 
  no , you can not turn back asylum seekers without due process , and such a process takes time . 
  and very often , disqualified asylum seekers would have absconded . 
  sure you can have fast-track process , but france can have it too to the returning asylum seekers . 
  then you will be footballing around them , guess on which side of the channel will they set up their new camp ? 
   government moving on to mass immigration of muslims i dare say most of their anti-assimilating muslims population come from former colonies rather than from eu . 
  sure , the anti-muslim brits will almost certainly vote for brexit , but brexiteers have other things in mind : eastern european and muh sovereignty . 
   uk got what they want 51 % of voting population got what they wanted . 
  i think eu should just offer the them an option , but with the condition that they need to make residency requirement to any eu nations and contribution to the eu society via tax or so . 
  the old is n't dying fast enough with the advance of medical treatment . 
  they are are n't making enough babies to support them . 
  the demographic is skewed in favour of the old age ( 50 + ) . 
   oh my god . . die already !, 
  oh god . . these tabloid titles are nauseating . 
  unsurprisingly , ft has the quality title , but it 's too far back in the album . 
  what ? . . 
  * checks post history . . * account few days old . 
  ah , another goon having a throwaway account . 
  ashamed of your own past ? 
  your tail is already showing . 
   majority of people voting majority . 
  you think he 's rational enough to hear your logic ? 
  he does n't even see his own irony . 
  you got downvoted by me because you complained about downvotes . 
  that plus you did n't really contribute to the thread . 
   you still have to pay money , but i think the give it to you later no . 
  you pay the contribution fees , the rest comes from german tax payers . 
  we well gon exit eu , and make them pay for it init . . 
  and we will all remember which nation 's referendum that led to this , wo n't we ? 
  being on electoral is not the same as being british . 
  british is only subset of electoral . 
  but then again , i doubt you care . 
  go back to / r/the _ donald, 
  freedom of speech ... or something of that affects, 
   ** uk 's fart is now less smelly . 
  ** omg , that 'll show dem experts and the haters at / r/europe !, 
  post !, 
  post !, 
  post !, 
  we have been seeing a lot of these posts from the uk lately . 
  i would n't mind if it is greece because of their situation . 
  but uk ? 
  i 'm hardly surprised . 
  but if this is a ploy to try to leverage yourself for a ` bespoke ' deal from the eu and the rest of the world , then good luck ? 
  but if this is just a nationalistic statement that goes hands in hands with `` uk greatest country in the world , second only to us '' . 
  then you lots need to check your superior complexity with your underfunded and over-squeezed gp . 
  not completely vacuumed . 
  germany has tried to do that in the past , do you think we easily forgotten how it turns out in the end ? 
  we 're not you . 
  edit : i entreat you lots to read / u/420shibe post history . 
  especially when you feel down , or feel like the most retarded person on earth . . because you will find out that there 's always someone else more useless than you are . 
  ask those right wings if they prefer islam ran by foreigner or by the german people . 
  truth be told , these right wings would rather see all muslims be expelled from europe altogether . 
  but that ca n't happen , can it ? 
  i think muslims should start paying the mosque tax like christians do in germany . 
  then , we will have enough money to run a state backed islam . 
  elections coming soon . . for france and germany . 
  for the first few months sure ... after that , the population will decrease . 
  just look at nauru ... 
   sounds like the ruling wo n't affect much . 
  the ruling wo n't affect brexit . 
  but !, 
  it is a breakthrough law .
