  the same ` rhetoric ' i used in post solely on trucidator rather than generalising.why ? 
  well you only need to read his comment histories , especially the times before referendum . 
  but to be the same level as you , this is how you sound  demm fookinggg left cupcakes of shitz and their fooking europe 's asshole loving retards ... tote sold out by dem vooking mainstrem fakenewz lykt bbc n shit . 
  also fook dem by pretending zey r bettur dan uss hurr hurrr, 
   this really does not make sense for the uk . 
  the ` traitors ' in your high court has decided that it is not yours to decide anymore . 
   uk having control of regulation if you wan na trade with eu in the future , you will still need to comply to that dreaded 100000 regulations on pillow manufacturing . 
  but i think you do n't care about that . . 
  i think you 're more concern with dem dirty poles tukk our jobzzzz ( & socials ) while not recognising that if you fuck up your relationship with eu , then eu would really take all your jobs away . 
  we are , after all , your neighbours . 
  the compositedword ends in a noun must . 
   we are leaving the eu . 
  to what extend do you want to leave ? 
  british did not decide on that matter . 
  just because you want to take yourself out completely does n't mean other brexiteers share the same nihilistic view on brexit as you . 
  that being said , you 'll also be antagonising the rest of 48 % of your vote population . 
  but you do n't care about that , do you ? 
   ` far right ' has nothing to do with being politically right , centre of left . 
  it just means you 're out of the ordinary , let me tell you a story . 
  one day a ( buddist ) nun came to a monk and declared that she has gotten rid of human desires and most importantly , lusts ; that she is enlightened . 
  the monk then proceed to touch the nun in her private part . 
  the nun blushed and said : `` what are you doing ?!, 
  this is utmost inappropriate for a master ! '' . 
  then the monk promptly said to her : `` you have n't gotten rid of anything . 
  had you really gotten rid your desires , you would not have attached a value to the action , which , itself is empty and valueless . '', 
  before walking away . 
  ( zen buddism is always about the emptiness of everything . ), 
  so my point is : the term `` far right '' itself has a specific definitions . 
  the reason you feel the `` far right '' has been used by the media just so they can label this group of villain . 
  while ignoring the references of `` far left '' . 
  you do n't hear the latter now because it is not really the current political situation . 
  a lesson , both `` far '' already means deviation from the norm . 
  but do know that the norm itself is ever-changing . 
  having to define `` far right '' as `` out of the ordinary '' is irresponsible . 
  another lesson : right generally consists of ideologies that resistant to previous change . 
  i.e. , preservation of previous status quo . 
  anti-immigrant is a fitting criteria fallen into this category . 
  while the left is wanting to change the status quo . 
  centrist , ofcourse , is keeping the status quo . 
  fleeing from ... deportations !, 
  real refugees they are . 
   that is very realistic ... stay in your dream land . 
  yet it was realistic to have a million over to just walk across europe in one year . 
  ( that 's in average of 2k per day ) . 
  sure you ca n't 100k by one day . 
  but i 'm sure you can deport rejected and undocumented immigrants at 500 per day . 
  when you only go to places that costs 10000euro just to breath fresh air and you still can afford that in a wimp . . sure anywhere is beautiful, 
  singapore can be one . 
  it 's former colony of britain . . 
  if them nationalist brits wan na feel `` empire that never sets '' , they can definitely go there . 
  non politically correct speaking ... 
  they are all white countries, 
  reciprocally , the difference there is while you can buy any companies and shares in us . 
  in china you are only limited to the government pre-approved firms . 
  just only last week china only let foreign investors to invest in a mere 300 more firms via hong kong ( still no direct trade with shanghai . . everything is done through hong kong ), 
   europe 1 euro to make the average person in the uk 3 euros poorer and where did you get this 1:3 ratio ? 
  on top of that , you seem to imply the eu wants to make the uk poorer . 
  let me remind you that it was uk decision to bring us this mess because of `` muh authoritah '' . 
  if anything , it would be entirely your own fault if this mess backfired ... but noooo , that 's not enough , is it ? 
  you 'd also like to bring your neighbours down . 
   second largest economy in the eu leaving the eu will hurt other eu members . 
  firstly , remember the `` i sell less cheese one country , but the uk will sell even lesser fish and chips to 27 countries '' hurled at boris ? 
  secondly . . being 2nd largest economy is still loser of the 1st . 
  you should n't be too proud of your under-performance . 
  i also seem to recall your performance was not really solid and it took just a simple glitch in the currency exchange code to make you the 3rd highest economy in eu . 
   ah yes ukip with it 's 1 mp ? 
  and how many voters ? 
  but i think / u/jeanmooloud should have changed snp to `` brexiteers '' instead of just ukip, 
  i 'm anti unchecked immigrants . . and i have to say this sub swinged right a while ago . 
  but not without a reasonable resistance from a more informed and capable redditors from the pro-immigration side . 
  still , the sub swinged right on this particular topic . 
  ( not associated with american right ) now stop complaining `` everytime when someone speaks against immigrants , he gets called fascists '' . 
  i have not seen a single post saying that on this subreddit . 
  ( please source it when you do ) . 
  the only thing i see is / r/the _ donald level of right-wing bashing and self-victimisation such as the statement i just quoted . 
  edit : so either grow up or fuck off to / r/the _ donald, 
  cue the `` see i told you brexit was great idea , and britain is great . . no companies would want to exit us '' . . and then cue the `` brexit has n't even happened yet '' . . then cue the `` oh so when it 's bad news , you lots say it 's brexit . . when it 's good you then turn around say brexit has n't even started '' . 
  cue ^ cue ^ ^ cue ^ ^ ^ cue, 
   ban travel to turkey for tourists and any undocumented `` turkish '' comes out from there, 
  end of visible light spectrum . 
  fortunately for us , the existing islamist cells in germany are still in its infancy judging by its recent slip-offs . 
  until that day , however . . you will be surprised how incompetent the police force in germany is ... 
  seems like the alleged russian-supported parties are all against eu army ... wonder why is that ? 
  i think they oppose taking anyone who will not register asylum with hungarian authorities and then proceed to step over them just to go to germany . 
  churchill was a war-time leader . . he was not a peace-time leader . 
  which is exactly the reason he was ousted after the war . 
  or maybe they need a more reliable sources to verify whatever claims they need to make . . 
  unlike certain tabloids in the uk where it just spew out whatever news without verification and added their opinions in it ? 
  sure , these news would hit some truth , but they do n't really care if their readerships just take everything single thing as truth and then retract it later in a very small print . 
   but instead , they say that they send people back even when they know that they ca n't , then let them sit around all day and deny access to vital knowledge about germany . 
  that 's basically merkel 's policy to the migrant crisis . 
  shut your eyes and maybe it will go away . 
  her policy in this matter is like an inanimate stone , it moves only when you kick it . 
  unfortunately for us , this `` kick '' usually only ever comes from outrageous terrorist attack and europeans dying . 
  do n't listen to that person . 
  it 's okay to be afraid , that 's how we will survive things . 
  because being afraid push you to examine the situation and do appropriate action ; while being in denial will make you do nothing . . just like our chancellor on migrant crisis . 
  do n't re-use that whataboutism . 
  also , this sub has a good mix of far right and far left . 
  and i find them both retards and born of the same mud .
