  for example , if you will be spending your tour mostly in the metro and touristic area , i think the odds of being killed by terrorist would be higher . 
  if , however , you spend your time in the farm with no trees in far sight , i guess the odds will be reversed . 
  but in any rates , have fun in france !, 
  a comment from spiegel page  ich hab noch nie freilandh\u00fchner f\u00fcr k\u00e4fighaltung demonstrieren sehen i have never seen a free-range chicken demonstrating for cages before . 
  i think i have a better chance of getting struck by lightning . 
  actually . 
  given the death in france so far in last 12 months . 
  you 're likely be killed in terrorism in france than be killed by lightning . 
   pretty inhumane to deport without evening allowing the people to pick up their belonging and put their affairs in order before deportation sweden did that last year , and one man went stabby stabby at ikea . 
  so now he 's at a nice scandinavian prison . 
  anecdote aside . 
  remember these illegal migrants are low skilled workers . 
  they have no reputation , no credit bearing , no social responsibility . 
  they can simply abscond and find another job elsewhere ; out of migration office radar . 
  this poise a challenge for the home office and since they have reasonable belief that they will surely escape if they were informed . 
  ( because i would , if i 'm in their shoes ), 
   30k is n't even half of it . 
  not all unintegrated turks are activists and would take it outside the street . 
  those who have those sentiment at home is far greater in numbers than those who take it out the streets . 
  30k is a sizeable number, 
  what 's pro-american culture ? 
  as far as i know . . that culture is that `` everyone can be rich if one comes to america to dream '' mix with `` i 'll fucking sue you '' and dirt cheap fast food and overly expensive ` healthy ' food . 
  need i remind you usa is a relatively adolescent country that made up of migrants ? 
  or d. ) get enough education and trained enough such that people want your skills everywhere . 
  no matter how hard it is . 
  because that 's me and a bunch of other non-european migrants who come here legally . 
  if that huge work means someone you loved very much gets run over into few pieces by 0.000004 % of the refugees ... 
  i doubt you will be that noble . 
  you will first ask yourself why did the police oversaw this terrorist ... then , you will start to recognise screening is not at all possible . 
  then finally , you will ask , if only we had more scrutinised screening from the beginning instead of first letting them in and pray to god that they will all be at peace with you . 
   mr haddadi and mr gani travelled to greece on a refugee boat but were detained for allegedly having falsified syrian passports . 
   they were then released and travelled to salzburg they were released ?!, 
  after purposefully lied to custom officers ?!, 
  and then they were released ? 
  europe , what the hell are you guys doing this goes to show how many `` syrian '' or `` minors '' we have had, 
  you hoped too high . 
  look at all the previous refugees in all other european countries . 
  yes , some small percentage of them will go on and help you win some national sport . 
  but what about the bulge of them ? 
  the prison is occupied by unusually high proportion of people `` with foreign background '' be it first or second generation, 
   a few fraudulent implying that number of fraudulent claimants are negligible . 
  300 million but large old age . 
  when they die off , the proportion of mena migrants will be more than you think . 
  good , so they are refugees . 
  what is your point ? 
   we have higher standards yet low standards in integrating them . 
  even lower standards in accepting refugees from neighbouring safe countries . 
  * * to me , if one was to called a refugee , then the immediate country he is fleeing from must be an eligible for such asylum . 
  eg , if a syrian crosses to turkey would be called a refugee . 
  if the same syrian crosses again from turkey to greece , then he is an opportunist/economic immigrant . 
  if , to bring this further , that said syrian ` flee ' from greece to scotland , that is just taking the cake . 
  why do you suggest the next extreme actions ? 
  to shut people up ? 
  immigration polices are n't made up of binaries , you know . . 
  so is the world, 
  ok , since i 'm just done with my hiwi job . 
  i 've got plenty of time for this shit . 
   sneak your own polticial view it is true for the second paragraph where i added in my two cents . 
  but the first paragraph is to response to your post . 
  if you want to go meta : you protraited erdogan and his actions as some sort of monty python sketch by offering some examples that will go again european ascension . 
  then , you cringed at the fact that he is still requesting money eu agreed to pay for on the migration agreements that both parties had . 
  my response is that , despite that you said , no matter how cringey erdogan will get akin to monty python sketches , eu will still likely to pay up because the idea is to cease up migrants influx and at the same time not being the antagonist . 
  this came with the a literal price and eu can either pay for it , or allow for migrants influx to rise back to 2015 level . 
  the latter troubles the governments in each nation with their own reasons : for the west , it is the rise of far-right parties . 
  therefore , i offer the following opinion : unless eu find a way to lessen the migration attraction , we are likely to pay turkey no matter what diabolical actions akp is taking against his people ; we simply do not have leverage against that . 
  did i slipped in my political view ? 
  i hardly think so since i 'm a strong advocate for technocracy and meritrocracy , with a strong stance for plato 's philosopher king ( cabinet ) . 
  on top of that , i disagree on 1 person 1 vote democracy system . 
  so in which of my statement did it reflect my political view ? 
  what i did was to offer my opinion in the current situation : that i am frustrated with the lack of choices in the political spectrum . 
   in often seen comment , so your comment is just seen . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  you mean i hijack on your comment so that my supposed political view would be more visible to the redditor ? 
  if yes , then what is inherently wrong with that ? 
  because i did response to your post appropriately ( albeit in a very crude and suggestive way ) , after that , i offered my frustration . 
  is that not how a forum should work ? 
  or is there a reddiquette that prohibits that ? 
  lastly , that 's not how you should use `` literally '' ; it is not a word filler . 
  the statement i made is not binary ; it has , to some extent , ` something to do ' with your post . 
   the left die linke or spd ? 
  and yet if western europe , especially germany and sweden , do not change their attractive refugee policies , we still have to kowtow to that goon face . 
  i hate it that in germany you have polarised political group rather than a centrist ( in regards on refugees ) group that offer viable policy . 
  d.h. take out the attractive packages for refugees , enforce deportation procedures , exercise the law to its toe , and at the same time , not being a complete neo-nazi with everything else . 
  annnnddd ... is slashed a french priest throat . 
  what am i denying here ? 
  that fact that he had breivik as his profile whatsapp profile picture or the fact that he , like breivik , hated muslims and migrants ? 
  i 'm not denying the former ( nor am i accepting it either since no other reliable english/german source has reported it ) . 
  i am , however , highly doubt the latter . 
  and it is widely reported that he was obssessed with `` shooting people '' while shouting `` allahu akhbar '' . 
  why would you even try to deny that ? 
  ( irony intended ) anyway , whoever shouted the `` allahu akhbar '' words knew damn well what it meant for the society . 
  because it is often associated , at least to most europeans , terrorism regardless of whatever other uses muslims use it for ( azan etc ) . 
  and no , coming from a moderate * muslim country , most muslims do n't shout allahu akhbar unless in really a desire situation ( being burnt in a building for example ) . 
  most use `` ahamdulillah ! '', 
  which is close to western 's `` jesus christ !! '', 
  therefore , whoever shouted that in a solemn memorial knew full well what the phrase will cause and did it anyway possibly to show how intolerant the society is . 
  it is an inexcusable dick move and i do n't know why are you offering excuses for this distasteful behavior . 
   hated migrants and muslims no , he likely was not targetting that specific group `` state government officials told a news conference that the victims of the attack had not been specifically targeted and were not classmates of the gunman . '', 
   had breivik no , he likely had not . 
  `` officials earlier raised the possibility of a link to breivik , whose own attack was carried out five years earlier to the day ...
