  people of one race in a flat can not be overrepresented its population proportion . 
  you can not have a flat purely chinese and a flat purely indian ) but it works . 
  we integrate well among our 3 races and we live in harmony . 
  so call us draconian ( for which we are far from it ) . 
  but our policy works . 
  i end here with a note : just because it 's a left wing idea do not always mean that it 's unquestionably good . 
  to effectively make a good policy you need to know really how human behave from a 3rd eyes . 
  societal management is complex : it 's not akin to playing house . 
  depends on what sides are you with the dollars . 
  there will be some losers and winners, 
  that rampant terrorist attacks do n't have to be the norm of big cities ? 
  i do n't know , but it seems that developed countries that love multiculturalism that are attracting all these attacks . 
  this or that the islamic terrorists are themselves racists and aim only for white people ( and then trying to find something to justify it ), 
  tell your politicians to tell your best friend family . 
  i 'm not the one that send your best friend to war . 
  edit : i just realised your best friend is a syrian refugee . 
  for that you would be seeking apologies from russia . 
  tell your best friend , because europe wanted you to be safe , it took in potential terrorists and took member of other families away . 
  essentially your life is traded by dead europeans and by tax paying europeans if they are alive . 
  so be grateful http://imgur.com/a/3lc1t, 
  yes . . big cities like singapore , tokyo or taipei . . oh wait, 
  tell that to the families of the victims . . `` i 'm sorry our collective empathy took your daughter/son/father / mother ... 
  but hey , at least we get to have empathy . '', 
  like the extreme right , you and your goons are out of your heads . 
  they do n't qualify for asylum and they knew that . 
  being physically in uk means that even when your asylum claim has been rejected , you can simply disappear and abscond . 
  the deportation rates in western countries are very very low . 
  you clearly never heard of black market . 
  especially black labour market . 
  not having id in the uk would exacerbate that situation . 
   eu is trying to blackmail the uk over trade rules the uk had trade deals with the eu , but 52 % of your voters decided that they want trade deals without the movement of labour and national sovereignty ( which btw is hypocritical position if you consider scotland and ni are separate countries from the british union , just as uk to the eu ) because dey tuk ur jeeebbss if you have n't seen it lately , uk would be the one desperate for trade deals , with eu and with the rest of the world . 
  because you decided to cut ties with the eu , which is essentially the continental europe . 
  if you still hold the stance like : `` uk is a great country !, 
  best economy !, 
  eu would come crawling back and offer us what we want ! '' . 
  then you sir , is delusional . 
  sure , while i do not deny that uk has one of the biggest economies ( still behind germany i must add ) , losing the uk sure will hit a big dent in the eu . 
  but that is all it is , a big dent ... that can be repaired with time . 
  the uk however ... let me put it in an italian minister retort to the blond clown in your foreign affairs :  ok , you 'll sell less fish and chips , but i 'll sell less prosecco to one country and you 'll sell less to 27 countries . 
   the point of article 50 is that a number of security arrangements if we do n't do a deal and go under wto rules rubbish . 
  security deals are not trade deals , it is not the purview of wto ( which stands for world trade organisation btw ) regulations ... face it , may is trying to blackmail the eu for blue-red-white bespoke uk-special trade deals with their security intelligence . 
  calling it something else other than blackmail is delusional . 
   it 'd take a special type uk is special !, 
  so uk deserve bespoke deals from eu !, 
  ( by england before the referendum ), 
  might as well just say :  please be informed that the brexit bill has been passed and hm the queen has given her royal assent . 
  therefore , as per the headline in our most widely read ` newspaper ' , daily mail , `` freedom ! '' . 
   your bill is going up !, 
  that 's like saying to londoners : '' sorry lads , your bills are going up since we , the lousy unrepentant rural shits , wo n't get development funds anymore ( sad face ) . '', 
  you know . 
  i do n't mind the covering the bill if it really helps our fellow europeans . 
  because we are , after all , in an union . 
  unlike some nationalist skin heads who care only how much benefits they are able to reap from anything , everything . 
  you are the type of people i 'd like to see leaving . 
  it 's a shame that you also had to drag your [ educated young people ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-38762034 ) ( who btw would likely to contribute more into your national budget than you dickheads ) along into your cesspool of shit . 
  shame on you . 
  depends what you define as fine . 
  no , uk will not go down crashing like icarus towards the sun . 
  but that does not mean the future is flowery . 
  instead , should uk go for complete exit without deals , it might feel the economic backdrop from it rather indirectly : cadbury getting more expensive , not enough helps in hospitals etc. 
  but british homes wo n't be burnt down , it will just see more middle eastern buyers that 's all . 
  they should have asked the boris clown to deliver it . 
  whatever happened to him anyway these days ? 
   terrorist groups exists everywhere . 
  hey , you see islamist terrorist blowing up homogeneous developed societies like japan , taiwan or singapore ? 
   authorities ignored [ police ] calls for his deportation , saying such a move was legally impossible . 
  i hope the families of the dead sue the fuck out of these ` authorities ' . 
  or at least have them apologise personally to every single families . 
   i believe you might be exaggerating a lot here . 
   you do n't know . . no body knows about anything anymore . 
  in germany even the data collection need to be politically correct . 
  and will still remind you that muslims are being oppress ( while some of they would behead you , and the rest celebrate it . ), 
  it takes the cake really when i come across muslims publicly executing gay people ( because i 'm gay , i feel pretty much attachment to plu ) while the rest celebrates their death with joy . 
  then some of them have the guts to tell me the peace of their religion , say i should just read the quran and hadith to understand the true teaching of islam . 
  do n't they get it ?!, 
  i do n't care for the true teaching of any religion !, 
  if they want to qualify as a peaceful religion , all i need to do is to observe their followers and judge if such a teachings make their follower truly a benign person ... or just straight barbaric . 
  currently , it is the latter !, 
  if you need to constantly remind people your religion is peaceful every now and then ; then your religion is not truly peaceful . 
   i did n't want to go there i 'm not born european and i grew up in a muslim majority county as a non-muslim . 
  i see through all their shits . 
  so yes , i will go ` there ' happily . 
  i do n't think there are currently any european airlines serving uk domestically ( maybe to gibraltar ) , e.g. , berlin-london-manchester . 
  yes . . because europeans are evil after the kurds . 
  the turks need to give more power to erdogan to rid these evils with his bare almighty hands ... and that beard, 
  put on youtube or / r/islam and you will see them . 
   stupidity has no limits . 
  a country that is heading to the wrong direction tend to have large amount of stupid angry people , enough to enable a smaller minority to act on their stupidity . 
  or you know . . fax or email . 
  it sounds like resignation letter to subway ... except i do n't get to save 350 mil per week and put it into my healthcare plan, 
   hence a distribution in europe is a necessity . 
  you are naive is you think the asylum seekers would settle in developing european countries like romania , poland , czechia when you redistribute them there . 
  you have already seen cases where they basically escape overnight after redistributed . 
  to add salt to the wound , it was already difficult to ask these countries to accept the families but still , they evaded back to germany . 
   talking about people dying nobody actually died in your news article . 
  the only word ` dying ' appear is from unhr statement , and from cold snap . 
  unless turkey is having an extreme weather , i do n't see why they would rather risk having cold snap to go to europe instead of settling down in turkey other than the fact that they are economic migrants and want a better life . 
  sure , people are entitled for a better life , if so then they should not abuse the asylum system and queue like everyone else ; and make themselves productive and qualified so that they wo n't be a burden to the society . 
  and that integrate themselves into the social norms rather than persistence in bringing their culture and would hate you if you tell them not to do so . 
  integration goes both way ; the state can only do so much .
