  what you can not comprehend is that a radical centrist like myself can be anti-immigrants or anti-islamists . 
  that 's because you 're oversimplifying things . 
  for you , i presume , anyone who has an ounce of anti-immigrants or anti-islamists are far right dickhead and would immediately stop the conversation . 
  i 'm an anti-irregular migrants and an anti-religion . 
  come to me with any retarded statement or any unfounded religious belief , i will call you out and send you home . 
  my tolerance has a bound and it does not extend to people who are intolerant : be it muslims , far right , floppy left or farage . 
  nevertheless , i would not be surprised you would love to classify me as one of those far rightist . 
  wait ... 
  i came across these comments before . 
  you 're that one guy that trivialises terrorism by putting it on the size of the city rather than the problem of unintegrable migrants and their equally disfranchised children . 
   i gave you a possible solution , no you thing . 
  you sarcastically put in as a question to pass as your suggestion . 
  go home . 
  no you thing . 
  you sarcastically put in as a question to pass as your suggestion . 
  go home . 
   they will grow up in a ** western ** europe with under 10 % muslims . 
  also , that number is closing in everyday in western europe . 
   `` one of our lessons is that this is a tolerant society , where individuals are entitled to their views , '' she said . 
  `` it 's a process . '' what happens when the [ tolerant tolerate the intolerant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paradox_of_tolerance ) ? 
  also , when approach with any spokesperson of the muslim faith , they always deflect the inherent problem and stress out that `` it is dangerous to be racist towards muslims '' while they will blink both eyes when the reverse holds . 
  ah . . it 's always the other people 's fault . 
   they can be seen as victims forever `` hey . 
  if the jews are doing it , we can do it better '' - some illegal migrants trying to capitalise on german past and guilt . 
   you know i do n't even need to google to know that any `` plunge '' is just a yearly trend and that it even was the same in 2012 . 
  you must be an idiot to not see that this `` plunge '' is more extraordinary that the usual decline . 
  do n't forget the irregular crossings into canada has increased , and they are not americans . 
  i have said it and i will say it again : you floopy-leftists are as retarded as your far-right counterparts . 
  until they decided that they suddenly have papers somewhere in their luggage . . and it was all magical . 
  that 's a lot of words with no actions . 
  our politicians have been saying that . 
  german government even passed laws enabling deportation to be easier last year yet the number of deportation has not increased . 
  face it , everything that has anything to do with these irregular migrants is deemed racists and is unpopular with politicians ... because their voters like to `` feel good about themselves '' . 
  meanwhile . . [ number of migrants reaching spain tripled ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40895571 ) . 
   everything on dem evil muslims no , but you can pin their own crime on them . 
  what you 're doing here is trivialising their crimes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_cronulla_riots  on 12 december , rioters had written various messages including ; `` aussi [ sic ] to die '' , `` intifada '' , `` it 's war '' , `` sunday cowards die , soldiers rize [ sic ] '' , `` never rest assie [ sic ] dog '' , `` yous came by chains u convict dogs '' , and `` we fear no ozy [ sic ] pigs '' before continuing to destroy cars and local shops . 
  [ 28 ] approximately 2000 people gathered inside lakemba mosque with another 800 gathered outside the evening after the riot . 
  [ 29 ] sheikh shady suleiman spoke to the crowd and called for calm . 
  [ 29 ] however some were armed with glock pistols which they displayed to the media, 
  there 's already another thread on this . 
  then it 's not peddling lies , is it ? 
  also , still not considered as `` taken out of context '' because khan said it in the context of terrorist events in the city . 
  this seems to be just that . 
  if anything it is just the right context . 
  the implication may be different but it highlights the sod condition most western europe cities are currently having in common : being a potential target for islamic terrorism . 
  what lies ? 
  it 's the direct quote from khan . 
  guess who own your automobile , railways , football clubs and almost all of the lands in london ? 
  not english , that 's for sure . 
  now the cherry on top of the total lack of cake , your democratically voted mps are dancing around like a bunch of clowns . 
  people like you contributed too much to your society , it went retardo . 
  also , since i 'm not even german , i do n't know where are you trying to burn :d, 
  oh there 's your typical polish pisser . 
  retard old farts should just stay in asylum and never contribute their retardedness into society . 
  your people ravaged south asia , destroyed palestine , mismanaged south east asia , let hong kong raped by china ... and then voted for that suicidal referendum that would costs us money to have pointless negotiations with your silver fox ... yeah you can talk . . 
  to me they are both retarded . 
  i wonder if it is popular to say `` thanks trump ! '', 
  yet ? 
  ah the regular well informed ( so he likes to think ) comment that trivialising the rising population with non european backgrounds , of whom many do not integrate well . 
  if you were going to bring `` it 's less than x % of the local population . '', 
  then let me remind you that local population is made up of aging population ; the population of these irregular migrants is not . 
  buy what ? 
  what tangible goods do you actually produce beside being retailers who , btw , can easily move their storage elsewhere . 
  nothing is being known at this moment . 
  which is weird because you usually can gauge after the incidence happened after a few hours . 
  yet more than 6 hours passed and we have nothing but the victim counts . 
   read your post history . 
  please , you are not better . 
  just because the table on britain side is falling does n't mean you can suddenly be on your high horse and say `` you 're not engaging civilised debate '' , you 're clearly sulking a bit . 
  how is that german 's responsibility ? 
  also , look at singapore and malaysia . . 
  they were also exploited by the british and left to fend themselves after british empire was skint broke post ww ii . 
  they are both fine today with a working economic . 
  you can only blame your history for so long . . after a few decades , it is your sole responsibility on how your nation has turned out . 
   rich people are always exploiting the poor , the west exploiting the poor ... ( as if they have n't got a choice ) that 's his argument . 
  how about deport or stop these irregular immigrants coming ? 
  just because they did n't paint that choice on their chest does n't mean it 's not feasible . 
  or is that the only solution you can think of to retort people who are anti-irrgular immigrants ? 
  you know that 's as stupid as far right shitheads right ? 
  who 's saying that ? 
  at the time of this post , no one is saying all english are racist . 
  but the racists in england tend to act very brashly, 
  it is my ( a european ) interest on what destructive actions of other europeans in the eu will do . 
  timmermans is representing me well . 
  do n't like the union , why joined it in the first place ? 
   shoot us or save us save you from what ? 
  economic hardship ? 
  we have a channel for that and it does n't involve you breaking the immigration laws and abuse the asylum system which is for genuine war refugees . 
  we did n't cause your economic hardship . 
  you have election like most commonwealth country , if anything is you and your countrymen are to blame . 
  and do n't try to blame anyone for your misfortune . 
  brits may have mismanaged you half a century ago , but that 's a long past . 
  many countries were able to become stable economical nations within this time frame , why would n't you ? 
  then you can bring about the us and eu salmonella rate argument again . 
  face it . . we have imported 900,000 asylum seekers who have no intention to leave regardless of validity of their asylum claim . 
  our asylum system and willkommenkultur have been exploited to the core and the government rather close their eyes on it . 
  they do have it though . . with turkish and french also . 
  but that 's it , no italian or spanish . . arabic comes first as far as they are concerned, 
  sounds like you 're trivilising crime incidence like that ridiculous chart someone posted on / r/europe few days ago .
