people just dislike the idea of the english mps having the final say over something that happen in scotland . 
  fixed anyway , if what you say is true . . then uk seem like a childish nation that only plays with you if he has all the final says on who gets to play ; and does n't want to play with you when he has no power over the toys which is supposed to be shared among eu anyway . 
  do n't forget uk financial sector is losing power to china prc and hong kong . . and increasingly dependent to the also-declining-americans . 
  uk lost its shine long ago , leaving eu would just be sending an unfriendly vibe to your only closest neighbours . 
  but does it recognised in the eyes of law ( insurance , heritance , [ right to be with the loved one in his/her last moment ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/08/it-could-happen-to-you-gay-man-boyfriend-death_n_1499673.html ) etc ) ? 
  moscow banning fruits again ? 
  seriously ... what are they going to replace those fruits with ? 
  bears ? 
  putin was there because russia is taking over the next world cup 2018 . 
  much like brazil in london olympic . 
  merkel was there because , well , her national team was kicking asses . 
  die endl\u00f6sung der immigrantenfrage, 
  naah . . 
  i prefer [ german phd hats ] ( http://cyclingcoraltriangle.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/doktorhut-682x1024.jpg ), 
  looks like that berliner had too many / r/trees, 
  only way to ` legitimately ' ban youtube . 
  hahas people tend to forget stalin and his purges . 
  tnc : scotland may or may not be included in the deal . 
  you do n't sound like germany is ` your ' country ( at least emotionally ) . 
  read the title again please, 
  oh my god = ya ( k ) - allah . . at least in my region . 
  i think it 's variant of isyahallah, 
  and get to live in swedish prison . . 
  possibly in a better condition than his refugee centre, 
  what was the context ? 
  i kinda have the feeling that bbc is trying to push the migrants to germany . 
  seeing how they are likely to read english newspapers rather than german ones . 
  i mean , it is true that germany is relatively welcoming , but bbc seems to really into pushing this to the front and make sure everyone knows germany is welcoming . 
  where and which refugee cam\u00fcs ? 
  as far as national sovereignty is concerned , you can only move these migrants within your own border . 
  if u want these migrants to leave , then you must have a certain agreement with the target country . . but good luck getting that . 
  and also , deportation is the least successful business . 
  for instance , you ca n't deport people without papers . 
  and they know that and exploit it . 
  but as a nation who signed un human rights treaties , there 's nothing you can do there , sorry . 
   german posters who are absolutely out of their minds with nazi guilt . 
  well , if good nazi movies are constantly being made , germans will always be reminded of their horrible past . . heh, 
  most of the time is to check the real purpose of the asylum seekers . 
  first you have to determine the nationality : due to the ongoing chaos , it is not uncommon that these migrants have no proper identification and in the midst of it you have imposters who are unlikely to get refugee status pretending that they are syrian . 
  then you have check if the applicant will pose a security risk to the country . 
  i 'll leave this to your imagination . 
  on top of that , the case worker has to decide if the asylum request is genuine and well founded ( i.e. , that their basic right to live is not protected by their own government ) . 
  take , for example , an assad-loyalist who had lived without being in danger in a certain part of syria but would like to seek economic improvement in europe . 
  this applicant is economic migrants and therefore should not be eligible for refugee status . 
  however , differentiating them takes immense amount of time and since that part of the world is at war , it is close to impossible . 
  so what germany is doing is to hang all these rules temporarily , take all the migrants in , house them properly , and then only the procedure begins . 
  the law exists for a purpose : to find out if the asylum request is genuine and well founded . 
  the faster the procedure , the lesser the efficancy of the law . 
  so in this desperate time , government has to balance between faster procedure or risk taking in imposters . 
  of course you can amend the law and make the procedure more efficient , but since there are amble of fake ids and stories around , and the fact that the officer needs translators ( who is , btw , corruptible ) , you ca n't really trust using a ` checklist ' of stuff to speed up the procedure . 
  what i can think of , as of now , is using some machine learning tools to make a decision from the ' [ features ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feature_%28machine_learning%29 ) ' of the migrants . 
  if the tool is built up well , it will be consistent , fair and quick . 
  but then again , would you rather your life be decided under a code or a person ? 
   hundreds of countries have free trade agreements with each other without being in a political union . 
   it 's literally the way it 's done everywhere apart from in the eu . . 
  introducing a failed experiment named asean , where the countries themselves make protectionist law toward certain products and curb competitions ( note : less competition means less quality ) . 
  in free trade sense , it 's a piece of shit ; it is merely a forum for asean countries to have discussion . 
  so you 're saying uk paid 150k pounds more than kuwait ( 300k pounds more than germany ) to exempt itself from taking in more refugee ? 
  maybe i understand the word ghetto in a wrong way , let me redefine that again . 
  a congregation/high-intensity of a certain ethoreligious group in a defined area that 's higly overrepresented the national demographic . 
  i do not include the stereotypical high propensity of crime rate into it since it 's not a fair generalisation . 
  hope this helps ? 
  however though ,  i 'm from kreuzberg and it 's not a ghetto ... ( therefore ) far from the truth . 
  using your personal experience to impose a claim and then goes on to falsify the rest of my writing is what we call , an anecdotal fallacy . 
   i 'm not even gon na bother reading the rest of your wall of text . 
  keep this attitude , it will bring you far . 
  to be frank , german refugees is a bit different than a complete foreign refugee . 
  for instance , less money is spent on integration courses ; less cultural mismatch and therefore less segregation . 
  so hosting eastern germans is not something we should use for evaluation . 
  so that left us , at least in modern german history , the guest workers from turkey to make comparison . 
  i would say it was , to lesser extent , a successful programme . 
  sure we have ghettos and what not . 
  but at least we co-exist better than , say , shiite and sunni in middle east . 
  ultimately , they did help to build germany to what it is today . 
  as for this new wave of yet another completely foreign refugee . 
  only time will tell what will happen to them . 
  there 's no denying significant of them will stay for a while and there 's no denying that family reunion will happen . 
  the main question is : how many . 
  if the number is less than 500.000 then i would say it is manageable . 
  if the number is over one million , then we may following problems : 1 . ), 
  will they form congregate with each other in big cities and form another ghetto ? 
  will they be willing integrate with the german and follow the way of life here ? 
  particularly respecting the rules and procedure of law even if it is foreign to them ( e.g. 
  towards homosexuals ) and not form their own sharia court or ' [ sharia police ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia_patrols ) ' . 
  will they get along with existing population ? 
  unlike the turkish migration where jobs were freely available , these new migrants might find it hard to search for job . 
  so what will happen when they resort to petty crime or worst due to high unemployment ? 
  amid of these total chaos and borderless check , have europe imported some radicals who otherwise would have been arrested ? 
  and the list goes on ... 
  but my utmost concern is still the potential ausl\u00e4nderkriminalit\u00e4t . 
  in conclusion , it is good that merkel is showing solidarity towards these incoming migrants . 
  however , one should always think in distance future and start coming up with programme on how they will be handled in integrating into society and to prevent any of the points i raised above from happening . 
  why do you prefer frankfurt ? 
  in my opinion , frankfurt is a bit more sterile than london in terms of coolness . 
  and london has more high paying job opportunities in terms of career . 
  also free citizenship after being refugee for 6-8 years !!, 
  and get to keep former citizenship * in contrast , a normal person needs 5 years work residency to get permanent residence ( niederlassungsausweis ) and further 6-8 years of pr to get citizenship . 
  also , loss of former citizenship if the applicant is from non-schengen countries . 
  * shorter years if able to speak at least b1 german . 
  8 years if you do not have the language requirement .
