   then again , i 'm much more concern for the 48 % much more educated and reasonable population ; who will likely make contribution to a better world than this useless goon . 
   * triggered * well , this is part of growing up , is n't it ? 
  to suppress your emotional yet irrational impulse . 
  then why have the referendum if you 're not ready ? 
  seems to me like a very very bad statesmanship . 
  shame . 
  it is people like him that i wish the eu would just fuck with uk so this particular guy would get the heat in the ass . 
  then again , i 'm much more concern for the 48 % much more educated and reasonable population ; who will likely make contribution to a better world than this useless goon . 
  it is not just a british affair . 
  it concerns the whole eu as you constantly put it `` uk trade is very important for eu , and uk is super great ! '' . 
  many businesses need to know what to plan accordingly . 
  making the whole continent to wait for you is just rude . 
  you do n't want to be rude , do you ? 
  brits ? 
   we 'll do it when we 're ready how is this fair enough ? 
  it 's only fair for the uk side . 
  uk has been holding hostage to eu for special benefits . 
  now , even when it is exiting the door , uk still want to hold eu by the neck . 
  one or two months are fine ; do n't drag it until next year or the moon aligned to uk favour . 
  i hope uk has their famous british manners to know that the whole continent is waiting just for you ( again , albeit the final time ) . 
  no body force the uk to colonise and use `` divide and conquer '' on the indian continent and left it with the indian - pakistan - bangladesh mess . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  india had a lucrative spices ? 
  sure , uk has lucrative education too and in most cases one does n't have to learn a completely new language . 
  but that does not , in good conscience , allow you to treat these would-be highly skilled students like shit , does it ? 
  i think it 's rather fun . 
  he 's such a low hanging fruit it improves my imposter syndrome which i 'm currently suffering, 
  4 years are typical length of scottish undergraduate . 
  he expects them to find themselves a high paying job by the instance they step foot on his little island . 
  oh god , no wonder i felt some sort of familiarities in other thread . 
  should probably tag you as `` low-hanging fruit '' . 
   which is the direction where economies have to evolve . 
  manufacturing ( low-complexity goods ) is not economically viable in countries with high standards . 
  we are moving to an automated industrial economy with minimum human employment . 
  services too will eventually succumb to automation , but it should take longer than manufacturing . 
  i do n't see your point here . 
  we are arguing that london might lose businesses if it loses its `` passporting '' rights because service capitals are very mobile . 
  you do know that ` capital ' , in economic sense , does n't now just limited to human labour right ? 
  because i do n't think you do . 
  you seem to be telling me some labour automation which is , although not incorrect , useless in supporting your argument . 
  anyway , regarding your post . 
  sure , at this age most developed countries have sizable service sectors . 
  but economies without an equally sizable manufacturing industries are susceptible to high volatility . 
  especially economies with focus only on finance . 
  on top of that , a nation with a sizable manufacturing industries has less national security or national defenses because money can only buy you so much . 
  again , when i say service sectors and manufacturing sectors , i 'm not limited to the human labour . 
  automation or not , if the eu decides london can not house the market clearing for eu , then london can not and that is that . 
   students are exempt from certain taxes , and as they 're not earning `` proper '' quantities of money they pay negligible income tax if at all . 
  you seem to lined up direct taxes with indirect taxes . 
  sure students are exempt from taxes because they are not earning any incomes . 
  this is hardly `` enjoying the benefits '' of the country . 
  this is because they are not earning any income in the uk . 
  and if the transport companies or restaurants want to give rebate to students it is hardly your tax-paying business . 
  i was a non-eu student in uk once and i wish i can show you my `` ilr - no recourse to public funds '' stamps everytime i enter uk . 
  also , another thing is that these international students are bringing foreign currency . 
  in technical term , it is a called a `` current transfer '' that will add to national 's `` current account '' which will therefore add a surplus to national 's balance of payments . 
  ( i.e. 
  the nation is richer in relatively to other countries ) . 
  you should have attended your graduate ceremony tbh ; because that seems to be the highest intellectual activity you can ever do in your life . 
  what a shame !, 
  the visa is capped and only eligible above certain wage ( remember these students are fresh grad ) . 
  on top of that , the companies ( sponsors ) need to pay ridiculous amount of money to the home office just to tell them they could sponsor you ( as opposed to just an offer letter ) . 
  this therefore leaves only big corporate firms that have the necessary means that can hire fresh foreign graduate from uk universities and only for certain high paying jobs . 
  start ups can forget about hiring non european unless they have enough fundings . 
  all these while the international students have to pay for everything by themselves . 
   other ranking systems listed , also do n't list any german university in the top 50 , and indeed the top 50 is dominated by us and uk universities because he just told you most ranking system relies on research citations . 
  and in germany the research institutes and the universities often viewed separatedly in the eyes of ranking procedures while still actually associated with each other ( e.g. 
  max planck insitute for ai and t\u00fcbingen university or max planck institute for math & university of bonn ) on top of that , do know that german universities are public institutions and therefore most fundings come from the government . 
  while us universities with large endownment will get obviously get to do more researches . 
   you get what you paid for in the endownment sense this may be true due to the funding situation i mentioned above . 
  but this does not reflect the teachings of the universities . 
  therefore , taking qs ranking and a premise to state `` german universities are subpar '' is incorrect . 
  another question question i have for you is that : research aside , would you rather your population to be either uneducated or heavily indebted due to high tuition fee ; or would you rather let your population to be educated . 
  it 's not a robus generalisation , but it is fair . 
  in regards of english the first the language of science . 
  this was not always the case . 
  as far as i was aware , modern physics ( i.e. 
  quantum mechanics ) that crushed newtonian 's classical physics was heavily founded in germany ( with one important research institute in copenhagen ) the scientists who spearheaded the new era of physics are : heisenberg , planck , bohr , dirac , bell , einstein , schr\u00f6dinger , pauli , hilbert , wien , born , sommerfeld , some `` french prince '' . 
  you can see it was largely dominated by germans and naturally , publications were written in german . 
  it was not until wwii , that english became prominent language to the era you and i live in right now . 
  edit : this makes me recall that the insitute of advanced study ( i hope you know what it is . . it is where einstein wounded up at during wwii ) . 
  if you can not comprehend the max planck examples i have just given you , you can think of it as the ias vs princeton u but with less steriod . 
  imagine a ranking that will take ias and priceton u together , they will no doubt be the first in the ranking ** at all time ** . 
  edit : just googled who the `` french prince '' was . . it 's louis de broglie, 
  need source on that `` vast majority of muslim '' . 
  i come from a `` democratic '' islamic country where shariah court runs concurrently with civil courts and the cherry on the top is that i am gay and non-muslim . 
  sure your typical muslim neighbour may not seem to be a fanatic . 
  however , you have no idea how they will vote for government that passes laws that will oppress you . 
  when muslim ( or any religious fanatics ) gathered enough numbers in their community , they will start imposing their religious view onto others . 
  and when they form the government , they take the cake into higher level . 
  sure the countries that have higher proportion of muslim is less islamophobic ... but that is because they , the non muslim , had not live under democratic muslim rule . 
   not enough people with the right competencies available in the civil service did n't the british government said they were going to hire people from europe and us ? 
  i find the former very ironic . 
  but , well , job 's a job . 
  i 'm generalising here . 
  but i believe it 's a fair generalisation . 
  sure they want some certainty . 
  but they also want certainty in a richer countries . 
  when the barriers were down , they were stepping over all the poorer countries whom they could have apply their asylum from . 
  rather than contributing their labour to the countries that need to develop , they step them over to reach a countries that is already developed and live off the safe haven they did not helped built in anyway way .
