   i would support this but your coffee is now more bitter than finnish lives . 
  would n't this increase suicide and loneliness rate evern further ? 
   is still one of the safest country i come from singapore . 
  france is a shithole compare to us in terms of petty-crimes . 
  i would say south korea , taiwan and japan are all one of the safest countries in the world . 
  what 's the trait they share among themselves ? 
  these countries do not tolerate immigrants that refuse to integrate . 
  sure , france is safe compare to another shitty shitholes ... but ` safest ' ? , you still have a long list to go , and that list is getting longer every day . 
  you brought them here ... now they are spilling everywhere . 
  and now significant of their children are thugs on our streets . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_of_niklas_p . 
  thank you , france . 
  still relevant . 
  today scientists flock into us because their universities are well funded , more prestigious , and more top scientists as your partner ( a vicious cycle , really ) this year 2 of out 3 physic nobel laureates this years are born in uk , yet they are all associated with us institutes . 
  please . . 
  here i am , standing in ludwigshafen surrounded by south africans and perhaps some namibians . 
  i did n't know sa was at war . . with whom ? 
  their fellow white citizens ? 
  i 've been wondering that lately . 
  i doubt developing countries have firewall more sophisticated than the west . . 
  yet nothing was leaked . 
  as for the election , was trump even been hacked before ? 
  you know why they are like that right ? 
  british people find bbc news too boring . 
  ( hence dailymail is the highest selling paper * in the uk ), 
  scotland monarch would still be the queen even if it is outside of the union . 
  it would just be another canada or australia, 
  no , i 'm point saying that the statement `` none of which are migrants . '', 
  itself , though technically half true , it 's dishonest . 
  because the reasons i have given . 
  however , to your point . 
  while refugees are entitled for a shelter indiscriminately ; an immigrant should be vetted no matter what circumstances . 
  refugees who want to be integrated and has the capability to be integrated , they shall be integrated . 
  those who give little or no effort in integrating should be held in the shelter camp provided to them until such is a time to return . 
  if their children who will potentially succeed in integration , then it is their own burden to prove that to the state . 
  internalising refugees without a more robust measure is lazy . 
  you should just internalise them just because they have `` stayed here for more than 10 years and have learnt the language '' . 
  being citizen of a country means much more than that . 
  also , learning b1 takes only 6 months if one is to learnt everyday ( i did ) . 
  and most refugees will leave after b1 ( again , i witnessed this because i took it at an ` adendakademik ' , which takes some of the refugees from 2014/15 ) and back to their circle since they have fulfilled the requirement which , truly , is too low . 
  why not learn the [ japanese model ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/asia/21705375-getting-passport-not-easy-inspectors-knock ) of internalising these aliens ? 
  here 's a small excerpt to the already short article . 
   to become a japanese citizen , a foreigner must display `` good conduct '' , among other things . 
  the rules do not specify what that means , and make no mention of living wafu ( japanese-style ) . 
  but for one candidate , at least , it involved officials looking in his fridge and inspecting his children 's toys to see if he was japanese enough ( he was ) . 
  and yet none of which have no migrants background . 
  sure they can be locally breed , but it 's all because of fail integration of the society ( either the state fault or their own fault ) due to their parents migration background . 
  especially the ones with low skills, 
  bigger number ... 
  it 's over zwei thousaaaaannnnddssss !, 
  pissing on the commoners ... very symbolic, 
  go to bed , dad . . it 's late, 
  fell in such a trap once . 
  also in the same townsquare . 
  so i checked the rate . 
  it was all fine . 
  but then there was this fineprint of charging extra 30 % as transaction fee which i did n't see before signing the small piece of paper she gave me . 
  not all ... 
  but i bet it will be more than half of them . 
  and that most of those who has deportation orders are either `` tolerated '' or staying here illegally . . ans go around with their illegal business, 
  i think there are more german atheists than there are muslims . 
  this move is just unfair : why are you favouring one particular ethnoreligious group ? 
  why does it get special treatment more than the other just because `` they have more in numbers '' . 
  please , we also have significant thai buddhism in germany . 
  just because they do n't protest on the street ironically and make life of other people 's lives miserable does n't mean they are n't important . 
  so why is this post only focus on iranian-sweden ? 
  i have a feeling someone is trying to push `` refugees are , sometimes , good for us . . so stop being xenophobic '' down / r/europe throat, 
  please , you decided to take their garden during their holiday . 
  when you got beaten in just a few days , you complain they take your lands . 
  have you forgotten how garden borders are drawn in the olden warring days ? 
   while spending a year rusting and becoming less employable . 
  have you met any israelis ? 
  every land is allah 's land, 
  right of aliens i guess ? 
  probably basic rights that are granted to all non residents . 
  that being said , i have seen middle east looking families travelling to middle east with the temporary german passport given to refugees ( the black/blue ones ) . 
  so maybe that falls under aufenhaltsrecht ? 
  source : not a lawyer, 
  it points to the number of aliens in the country more closely than looking at the successful asylum seekers . 
  because making an application is a faster process and asylum decision . 
  wo n't really matter anyway if they are unsuccessful . 
  how many do you think would actually go back after asylum is denied ( via black market , tolerated visa , temporary visa ), 
  which is why all the non warring migrants want to come here . 
  since you 're likely to be ` tolerated ' anyway . 
  what 's new ? 
  at least this time they do n't have the 120 % meme running ablaze on the internet, 
  and when they start killing your fellow countrymen . 
  would you accept that it 's just a number to you in a distant reality ? 
  or rather would you accept it as a small consequences of your unquestionable noble act ? 
  maybe give name the actual divorce as brevorce . 
  48 % did not want brexit . 
  see how that 's happening, 
  thanks obamka !, 
  left wing usually means an people with changing ideologies from the status quo . 
  the right wing means conservatives who tend to preserve the status quo . 
  now , accepting homosexual is seemed as leftist policy rather than rightist ( i.e. 
  changing status quo ) . 
  so there you go . 
  also , there should not be good or bad connotations to being `` left '' or `` right '' . 
  but the contemporary media usually attack the `` right '' more so you see them as bad ( hence the ` not fair ' statement ? ),
