  i 'm an uni student so i use the public transport during non-normal working hours . . and already i see the immigrants we welcomed have nothing to do but loitering around the main train station . 
   provision in their law-system . 
  do you know why the dublin convention was set up ? 
   if they know that they 're more likely to get asylum in germany if they are genuine asylum seekers , they would not have to fear getting their application rejected . 
  i 'm almost 100 % sure that a syrian would definitely get their asylum approved in greece pre-turkey deal . 
  these asylum seekers are obviously going to countries that offer generous social benefits and prospect of job . 
  if that is their purpose then they are considered economic migrants . 
  does it really takes an immigrant ( me ) to see through all immigration game that they are playing ? 
  is it so difficult to see ? 
  i would also like to remind you that only 1/3 of the refugee wave is syrian . 
  the rest do not really qualify for asylum anyway . 
  but since they know they can get the `` tolerated visa '' and that their countries wo n't take them back , they would n't care anyway . 
   when will the eu cut the funds have you forgotten the refugees deal ? 
  as of now , there 's nothing i see in the eu in curbing the refugee wave when the deal is broken down , which , is only a matter of time . 
  eu should really start preparing to curb the refugees wave . 
  start by cutting the ` pull factor ' . 
   premises are too small . 
  wo n't this gives a warning that the country has too many foreign immigrants that is not likely to be loyal to the nation ? 
   religious symbols did n't you get it already ? 
  islam is the only true religion !, 
  therefore banning religious symbols is banning islam . 
  qed , you are at war at islam . 
  therefore all of you lots should die . 
   death penalty dont need to be good , just right . 
  and you trust the state to be just ? 
  and you trust erdogan to be just given his recent jibbs ? 
  not only death penalty is a tool to abuse because , unlike prisons , when your opponent is gone , he is gone forever . 
  on top of that , it is also has the possibility of [ wrongful execution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wrongful_execution ) . 
  once a person is executed , there are not enough apologies or n\u00fcremberg trials to return justice to that person himself . 
  i hope this gets into your head . 
   typical left wing ... 
  i stopped reading after that sentence to be honest . 
  but i will say that the supposed hand-shake was carried later in a different meeting and after my post was made . 
  so , piss off back to your shitty hole . 
  by the way , if you 're at the extreme right , i suppose anything slightly left of you on the political spectrum is `` left-wing demotards '' . 
  i find it really funny , to be honest , you and your goons ' views of politic are nothing but a sad joke ... and i laugh at you lots everyday so much so i just have to stopped following the news . . you know , because some of us actually have jobs to do . 
  it 's none of your presidential business how we conduct our national security here . 
  if you refuse to shake our chancellor 's hands when you 're a host just because ` muslim bad ' ... then you have the tantrum of a 5 years old . 
  the only thing i understand so far from your presidents is that he is a lousy sexist big-child , and you lots elected one crying incompetent baby into the white house . 
  good job . 
   they want to create polarization ( like they do in turkey ) so people will vote yes in the referendum . 
  the economist wrote an article about this in support of your view . 
  instead of focusing the fact that referendum is about erdogan getting more power ; he makes it about `` us vs the damned europeans '' . 
  shifting the topic completely . 
  and europeans took the bait . 
  [ said article . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21718706-minister-had-planned-rally-rotterdam-referendum-give-recep-tayyip-erdogan-more?zid=309&amp;ah=80dcf288b8561b012f603b9fd9577f0e ) p.s. 
  te is really a good piece of quality journal . 
  i do n't know why its comment section attracts a bunch of vile dogs ; mostly pro-trump . 
  i think they should make the comment for members-only for a more productive discussions . 
   turkey has really become a perfect example of how one should not conduct diplomacy . 
  i think turkey is becoming an example how one should not go towards full religious . . 
  dear turkish in europe who are constantly trying to shape turkey from abroad but has no even a slight intention to go back ... 
  please go back to turkey and live with the consequences of your vote . 
   in the end , the vote was n't even close . 
  led by federal states with left-leaning governing coalitions , a wide majority the bundesrat shot down a law written by the government and passed by germany 's lower parliamentary chamber , the bundestag . 
  it would have declared the maghreb states - tunisia , morocco and algeria - `` safe countries of origin '' and thus allowed for expedited deportations of failed asylum seekers there . 
  representatives of the federal government and the conservative-led state of bavaria argued that the law was needed to prevent people wishing to migrate to germany for economic reasons from misusing germany 's asylum legislation . 
  they said only a tiny fraction of asylum applications by people from the three maghreb states have been approved . 
  i know where you live . . also , your form is lack of landes emblem . 
  feast your eyes with glorious best [ kurpf\u00e4lzischer version ] ( https://www.mannheim.de/sites/default/files/page/740/antrag33410100.pdf ) !, 
  you do know / r/europe includes russia and turkey . . whether you like them to be included in your dreamy ideal-like europe or not , it is not your call ; it is the mods that decide . . so beat it, 
   he was never in any way punished for that , because he 's politically acceptible to the eurocrats . 
   on 24th feb 2017 , bbc published this [ european parliament : questions raised over martin schulz 's spending ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39080163 ) and spd ratings now fall below merkel . 
  your whataboutism is n't very impressive , so quit doing it . 
  thanks america !, 
  is it ? 
  i remember the belgian ones has weird names like aboudaddad, 
   i certainly would care the turkish thugs i see on the streets are mostly erdogan fan-boys . . if you ask me i certainly care who i would grant the citizenship to . 
   make sure they are not gulenists what does being gulentist has to do with granting them asylum . 
  being gulenist may be illegal at your backward-country . 
  it is not here in germany , because we grant the people freedom of political beliefs . 
  on the contrary , those who can not fall themselves onto such ideas and respect other people 's political beliefs , such as erdogan fan-head like yourself , should be subjected to background check . 
  in fact , the turkish diaspora who sought only to exploit their freedom of expression by silencing the same rights of other people should be deported back to erdogan 's turkey where they love and have never lived . 
  that 's good then ? 
  then can start integrating by having only abendbrot for dinner, 
   here 's some * really old * facts, 
   swede with mental problems you forgot to mention  . . of foreign nationality . . that goes along with the current narratives, 
  first step to solve a problem is to admit there 's a problem . 
  he 's has a japanese flair ... riots like these usually end up frontpage for days ... to a japanese , sweden is n't really safe . 
   one of the highest amounts of immigrants in the county so you ca n't claim that whole sweden is safe then . 
  if you want to disagree on that point being too slippery-slope , let me remind you that i 'm using japan , singapore and south korea as the benchmark when one say `` x nation is safe '' . 
  in other words , sure you are safer than countries like venezuela , but you can not claim that your country is ` really safe ' compare to japan . 
  now do you understand why osakaboy , who has japanese flag , thinks your country is n't really safe ? 
   we 'd end up with a share of the houses the house is just an analogy . 
  the budget on which uk had agreed to takes part in a lot of things . 
  for eg , agricultural subsidies , academic researches , development fund and so on . 
  there are so many things to settle in a divorce and it takes some time to be calculated upon . 
  this is why you are seeing the estimate now , but not the whole bill . 
  uk agreed and voted on those bills during budget discussion . 
  the project began in expectation getting those funding . 
  uk suddenly says `` no , thank you . '', 
  uk has to pay , however not all of it i suspect . 
  a similar analogy would be : you and i come into a contract to build a house of which we both would share for 500 euro . 
  you and i would contribute half of it and by instalments . 
  the construction started , and half way into the construction you decided to pull out . 
  in most countries , the law will still hold you responsible to all of the construction cost , and that it would be your responsible to resell your part of your own share when the contract is fulfilled . 
  otherwise , you and i would come into a negotiation to come up with a new contract that nullifies the old one ; a rational thing to do for me is to control the damage on to myself and does not end up paying the whole 500 euro . 
  now , since this is a national scale with some sort of sovereignty . 
  it is most likely enter into a negotiation .
