  that 's not the main concern actually . 
  airlines like emirates allows you to use your own laptop up until boarding where they then box up your laptop and label them ( instead of having it check in your own luggage from the beginning ) . 
  when you clear custom in us , the they then return the boxed laptop to you and you only . 
  while in the air , you will be provided a tablet to use . 
  the problem , however , is that most important business travellers who travel business class ( where big chunk of the profit comes ) can not or are not allowed to use anything other than their company/own laptop to work . 
  and companies do not like the fact their employee is enjoying the business class treats instead of working in the air ( sad , i know ) . 
   i 've seen nearly half of the muslim world i have spent 3 quarter of my life living in a muslim majority world as a minority , and my boyfriend is an iranian . 
  but yet i strongly think that one 's background should not afford significant weightage on one 's opinion . 
  because often if you do n't look through the world with a third `` looking-glass '' , you will engulf yourself with what you thought was the norm . 
  therefore , trying to insinuate `` i 'm a muslim , i know more than you do '' is one of weakest argument there is . 
  i might not have the selflessness like a just judge ; but i 'm constantly aware when my experience comes in when making judgements . 
  anyway , i would like to add further into the discussion : sure there exist extremists on any sort of religion . 
  but you can not deny that certain religion has more tendency to subject themselves into extremism than the others . 
  the flaw is the the abrahamic books ( especially al-hadith ) often leaves no wiggle space for self-examination and self-restraints . 
  now an anecdote : the high imam in my born country just announced yesterday that the country should be vigilant to the people of my kind , that we will somehow take over the country through our wealth . 
  guess who put the high imam at his current position ? 
  if he is not adored by his followers , he would not be where he is today . 
  spewing views that agree with his followers . 
   blanket ban the word blanket here is adjective , not a noun . 
  recall the [ horseshoe theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseshoe_theory ) the extreme side of either political spectrum are equally stupid and moronic . 
   i do n't get this subreddit , people seemed pretty happy le pen lost , but anti-immigration posts are constantly upvoted in other threads . 
  i 'm against trump 's stupid rhetoric on all muslims . 
  at the same time i 'm against general muslim sentiments and life style to be abhoring . 
  i find trump blanket ban on some middle eastern country to be disgusting and inconsiderate . 
  at the same time i find the inefficiency of background-checking as well as the rate of successful deportation of appropriate the immigrants in eu to be disgusting . 
  i advocate for gay rights marriage . 
  i 'm against 100 % on polygamy and child-marriage , even if these are conducted outside the country . 
  it 's inexcusable , especially you 're a guest in a hosting country . 
  i find laws , when enacted , should be enforced without an ounce of passionate . 
  otherwise , the law will lose its meaning and power . 
  those that do not qualify for asylum , should be sent to an offshore detention immediately . 
  having to support some liberal ideas , does n't mean you have to support the general vibes of the ` liberal train ' . 
  especially when one loses their head saying : `` oh this counts as liberal idea , imma gon support it 100 % . '', 
   300,000 iraqis living in germany ah wow . . how did that happen ? 
  almost as if iraq is just next door . 
   they came as guests and abused their privileges , they were given shelter and food and payed us back blood and suffering . 
  i think this is the general idea : `` you white western pigs make our country shit ; we therefore deserve everything in your office , including raping your women . 
  also , [ your finnish food suck ; it 's for dogs and women . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgyh61yvydo ) '', 
   i 'm a jew . 
  and so ? 
  your excuses meant something more than just excuses ? 
   what 's really ` wrong ' here is your grammar we are in / r/europe , grammar is n't our priority . 
  besides , when a person start attacking your language ability rather than your points , you know that person has conceded . 
  have you heard something like the slope at the tail of bell curve ? 
  for example , when you 're rich enough , there 's is n't really difference between a person having 500 trillion wealth to 800 trillion of wealth except for the number . 
  50 % who remains under benefits is alot . 
   being able to pass exams is different to understanding the economy and does n't mean you do n't make mistakes . 
  i knew you would pull this out . 
  that sounds like you 're completely sulking . 
  like it said before , it does not need a degree to see what you said is utter nonsense . 
   the per capita loss is about 5 times higher for the uk i 'm not denying the potential loss of eu access to uk market per capita is higher than the loss of uk access to eu market per capita . 
  although i have no idea why you would use per capita as measurement , it does not make you sound smarter . 
  in this case it is redundant . 
  moreover , 5 folds ?!, 
  where did you even pull that number out ? 
  your ass ? 
  lastly , would n't your statement strengthen my initial post ? 
  that i disagree to your statement that `` the only side threatening mutual destruction is the eu with the threat of putting up trade barriers . '' ?!, 
   magnitude loss is roughly the same for both sides shut up and provide an economical analysis . 
  i 'm sick of your hollow rubbish . 
  the burden of proof has shifted onto you because i did my elia5 to rebut your bullshit . 
   i have a masters in mechanical engineering from a slightly better university . 
  then you better not mention them . 
  you are clearly embarrassing your alma mater . 
  my advice of `` going back to school other than the one you graduated from '' still stands . 
  op delivered edit : actually , you saw my imgur upload , did n't you ? 
  i forgot to make it private : /, 
   you do n't understand economics and made up a load of bullshit . 
  [ i beg to differ . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/9zybg ) sure i simplified things up because : first , we are comparing relative losses , absolute numbers do n't matter so long you have them appropriately scaled ; second , i figure you probably ca n't handle more sophisticated answer ; and third , this is reddit , i do n't get paid for my analysis . 
  granted i 'm currently doing a phd in math instead and that credentials are n't a perfect indicator , but nevertheless , i 'm certain that i 'm qualified to say the following : `` your economic intuition is simply non-existence . 
  i suggest you to go back to school . 
  not the one you graduated from ; they evidently did a rather lousy job in educating you . '', 
   if trade barriers are put up , the loss in dollars for both sides is always about the same . 
  have trade barriers do not mean that there will be absolutely no trade . 
  just more expensive for uk since uk mainly import things from eu because of trade tariffs . 
  i 'm already using us dollars to measure both losses . 
  which means i have already scaled up the differences in currency . 
  honestly , one does not need a degree to recognise that uk has more to lose than eu if both decides to go with wto rules . 
  your head is really up your butt . 
   the magnitude in lost euros ( fixed prices ) is about the same . 
  the difference is in the percentage of each side 's economy . 
  your statement makes absolutely no sense !, 
  firstly , you failed to use any measurement to measure the `` size of the economy '' . 
  therefore , any talks of `` percentage '' is meaningless because it has no measurement . 
  let 's suppose we use gdp as the measurement for economy size ( it 's not a perfect indicator , but good enough for argument sake ) . 
  our aim is to compare the ability to access the economy of other countries . 
  ( again , not perfect indicator , but good enough ) . 
  let 's be generous and say uk gdp is 20 % of eurozone ( again , it is not . 
  in fact , it is lesser ) . 
  suppose for simplicity purposes the gdp eurozone is 100 $ with $ be standardised currency . 
  uk gdp amount would be 20 $ . 
  here 's what we called relative scale uk 's loss of access to continental : 80 $ eurozone loss of access to uk : 20 $ relative loss : eurozone loss = 0.25 * ( loss of uk ) . 
  it 's significant , but let 's see how much uk loss uk loss = ( 1/0 .25 ) * ( eurozone loss ) = 4 * ( eurozone loss ) . 
  conclusion : the relative loss of access of economy of uk is greater compare to the reurozone . 
  you are therefore delusional . 
  uk 's gdp currently stands at 18 % of eurozone 's gdp , `` fixed prices '' . 
   like what ? 
  let me source a pro-brexit news piece so you can pull your head out your butt .
