  actually , he wanted cameron to take the fall by declaring art . 
  50 but did n't expect him to resign to soon . 
  if he takes the helm and declare art . 
  50 while the weather is not favourable to britain , he is likely to be ousted so fast his ass wo n't touch the chair . 
  because , if remain won the referendum , you can be rest assured that boris & co will be `` dragged out and be shot dead '' . 
   more important and powerful take away their common market and their financial accessibility . 
  what will that leave them ? 
  an army ? 
  to do what , threaten the whole eu ? 
  that article was written 8 days ago !, 
  spot on , the economist . 
  still such a shame i ca n't afford its subscription, 
  could you link the economist article ? 
  thanks !, 
  oh , i see you brexiters are recovering from your hangover from the celebrations . 
  did you guys have fun ? 
  it 's a bingo . . on spotting the joke and its lame ` ness . 
  brits are not impressed . 
  timing . 
  they can wait for the right time in the environment to start negotiating with eu . 
  that 's a leverage there , and eu is aware of the potential bad-position it might be placed in . 
  we have n't left yet . 
  go get yourself some high-skill and get the eu bluecard . 
  it would feel like you 've never left at all !, 
  sorry , that joke has already been spoken . 
  ( i.e. 
  i 've read it on reddit ), 
   stick it up to the man is the attitude how a country goes to shit . 
   welcome to a seat at the efta without a microphone i might add . 
   special deal of free movement between spain and gibraltar i do n't think uk , despite the vote in gibraltar , gets to have special anything anymore . 
  unless the deal is only between spain and gibraltar , which would not work because schengen and its definitions . 
   eu is a joke anyway it is exactly this reason why i 'm worried for britain future . 
  half of the electorate seems to be easily fooled by some nationalistic propaganda . 
  sounds like the political theatre is assimilating the us model . 
  good luck anyway . 
  sure we do . 
  but from our perspective , the export to britain is significant but still small in relative to the trade to rest of europe . 
  it will hurt like a bee-sting but that it will heal . 
  britain , on the other hand though , will definitely see rise in prices . 
  as for services ( finance , consultancy , researches etc ) . 
  if britain is completely out , i do n't see why europe should grant access to them . 
  it 's not in anyone interest except britain . 
  besides , uk did break up with us . 
  so are uneducated rural sheep shaggers ... what 's your point ? 
  trade tariffs ... trade tariffs everywhere ... 
  speaking of refugees . . 
  i see there 's no reason for france to keep the calais jungle going on anymore . 
  they should just let them pass to uk and let britain deal with it . 
  not only bumpy ... uk will be bump out of the car and gets ran over by it . 
  bad choice of words ... but i 'll allow it . 
  gema ... how ironic, 
  you 've got time ... 
  not a brit . 
  i was hoping for remain and was up all night . 
  however , ultimately , ist mir egal ( i do n't really care ) . 
  remain : good , back to status quo leave : good , frankfurt financial sectors will be growing . 
  if only they would pay the 10 years worth of backed contributions . 
  and you do n't think it 's plausible for an authoritarian-like government would make blatant lies such as these so get what he wants ? 
  is n't there something going on in britain today ? 
  something about being an unique little snowflakes and all, 
  well ... 
  the economist is a pretty high quality newspaper despite what its comments ( i.e. 
  keyboard warriors ) suggest . 
   the economist [ cover from last saturday ] ( https://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/print-cover-full/print-covers/20160618_cuk400.jpg ) the economist is a weekly newspaper ... their next front-page would be about the results . 
   dutchland where the fuck is this abomination ... 
   but its nothing but a large mirror , that shows mankind 's idiocy laid bare  just people who have plenty of time from their unemployment or pension . 
  it 's easier to blame others and get compensation than to realise the mistakes . . and you know , make things work by their own sweat . 
  he got his permanent residency denied . 
  that 's what bbc said . 
  did n't you read the news ? 
  no , i think the syrian father would not mind to show europe his dead child because he blames europe for making him cross the sea because his tooth hurt . 
  ( he intended to go canada by the way , not europe ) many people in this world have victim complex . 
  and you sound really really scummy, 
   i did n't do either . 
  so i do not fall into the category nationalist skin heads or lousy unrepentant rural shits or dickheads who cares what you voted or not voted . 
  that says little about you . 
  instead i look at your post histories . 
  what your posts indicate , however , the otherwise . 
  you 're the precise dickhead i 'd like to avoid and stop paying my tax for . 
  also , keeping telling people they are salty would also the exactly thing backward dickheads like yourself do . 
  so congratulations , you just made yourself a scum of the earth that nobody needs . 
  your mum would not be proud , having wanted her life on raising you . 
  ( or whoever that spent a single energy on you really . ), 
  so you cherry-picked one of my counterexamples while ignoring others . 
  nice . 
  too bad you picked the one where i am raised from . 
  have you lived in singapore before ? 
  true , the government had , in the past , crushed opposition ( crush in a sense of making the only opposition mp bankrupt . . rather than in russian sense of crush ) . 
  nowadays , lsl and co do n't do much to the opposition and the opposition is slowly rising . 
  but not fast enough to replace the government . 
  on top of that , the government have been effectively steered singapore into developed country after it was involuntarily expelled from malaysia . 
  recall that singapore was merely a port island without own resources when it was expelled . 
  and the port was being rivalled by melaka , klang and penang ports in malaysia . 
  despite knowing the government is strict about the conduct of its citizens . 
  it is an overall benevolent dictator which close to zero corruption in the governing bodies . 
  our laws are adhered to very strictly , the consequence is we have low crime rate and close to zero violent crimes . 
  what good is the law and its intention if it 's not enforced effectively ? 
  surely you can see how differently we view what oughts and ought-nots . 
  in the west , we are the least politically correct . 
  heck even our council flats have racial quota ( i.e.
