  there was no evidence of any political motivation for the attack , he added . '', 
  source http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36880606, 
  there 's a picture floating on reddit with the supposed machete ( with the attacker ) . 
  it 's not the kind you 'd use in kebab ; it 's curved like a moon, 
  we 've been having quite a lot of mental disabled muslims attacking innocents on bavarian streets ... 
  almost like there 's a trend here . 
  but he did n't exactly go rampage in his hartz iv area , did he ? 
  why mcd ? 
  why a shopping mall ? 
  i would expect him to be shooting those who might have wronged him rather than general public, 
  why are n't the media using body of a dead european child in nice like they used the drown boy photos ? 
  double standard much ? 
  in fact , why did the media use the photo of the drowned boy at all ?!, 
  that 's just disrespectful !, 
  just because he 's dead does n't means you can use him as your propaganda shit . 
  he 's a child for god sake . 
  our home minister told us to anticipate this yesterday . 
  does n't make it any better . 
  if this turns out really to be islamic terrorism and if the perpetrators are refugees . . 
  this is going to blow up at merkels face regardless how many 0.0000001 % it represents the refugees, 
   japan seems ok you have n't been paying attention to their economy and `` abenomics '' then, 
   the calais border is advantageous for both france in terms of growing jungle , increasing attack by migrants and its subsequent generations . 
  i just do n't see how having uk border in france is advantageous to france . 
  mr de maiziere . 
  terrorist attack and its victim is n't some migration numbers that you and your government can pulled from the air like last year . 
  unlike the migration crisis where you publicly anticipated 1 mil so that the society , when saw that 1.2 miliion , and say `` it 's closer than anticipated , that 's not so bad '' ; you can not , for the love of god , tell your citizens to be anticipating death so that when an attack does happen , you expect people to go `` oh we were anticipating it anyway , it is not so bad '' . 
  they are your countrymen lives , and you fail to protect them . 
  tell the public you will fail to protect german lives in advance does n't make you seem less incompetent . 
  i 'm somewhat upset that you 're telling us to anticipate attacks and play the `` who gets the kinder-surprise bomb '' game ; and that there 's nothing we can do except for being ` vigilant ', 
  for netanyahu case , he does n't really need to work on the fear-mongering . 
  he can simply to open the window and let the air of anti-zionists who constantly call for the death of all jewish descendents to fill up the room . 
  erdogan , on the other hand , has to set up some theatrical stage before opening that curtain . 
  but it is somehow working now i guess . 
  you sound butthurt with your own intellectual . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  go protest and burn your own kurdish businesses in turkey for all i care . 
  but once you 're in europe , you adhere to our laws . 
  and the law in austria & germany prohibits you in burning people shops down or harass any individual on the streets , no matter what you believe or what the political party in turkey wants you to believe . 
  he does n't . 
  he 's quite known for being an asshat troll on here . 
  i study in rhein-neckar area , our semesterticket is rubbish . 
  notable cities are heidelberg , mannheim and kaiserslautern : /, 
  i remember seeing a japanese video about this woman visiting france and not knowing if she 's in africa or europe edit : [ found it ] ( https://youtu.be/jfkdzxuwhkk ) . 
  i like how the japanese part of paris looks almost like japan . 
  small road , clean environment which japanese door curtain . 
  some university have opt out semesterticket . 
  but you 're right, 
  with 10 $ increase yearly . 
  and that 's because our institution decided everyone needs a nextbike ( bikeshare ), 
  context ? 
  who is the one pulling the chair ? 
  edit . 
  just noticed the gif is in reverse, 
  implying they are smart enough to know that . 
  it is ( was ? ), 
  also germany intension to push some of the refugees they received onto other unwilling countries against their citizens ' wishes . 
  what is your take on that ? 
   last attacker was from afghanistan , on the paper agfan . . but did n't they suspect he was from pakistan ? 
  you think only uk would need to pay for lawyers for negotiation ? 
  eu too needs to pay the hefty amount to hire consultants . 
  and it 's not even the eu fault uk decided to leave . 
  could we somehow bill the uk for the expenses ? 
  can someone enlighten me why did he take so long to declare state of emergency ? 
  few days after declaring the coup was over . 
  did he just stumble upon the option or he came into a dead end trying to impose something ? 
   democracy i guess . 
  his party did get elected after myriads of bombings . 
  on top of that , he also fiddled with the media . 
   rule of law mass dismissal of academic staffs , judges , university deans without due procress . 
  sure  freedom you did just barred academics in leaving the country . 
  i was asked to find on how i would personally to do screenings on nationality and terrorism . 
  not being expert in the matter , i ran through what i know the best that i could and suggested a way with the current technology . 
  why am i being vindicated ? 
  if someone was able to set up what i just said . 
  you can easily use the existing data plus some sample of speech and written pieces by them to evaluate it . 
  one keeps saying `` not enough resources '' on my idea . 
  but we have n't even have that machinery ; no one even knows if it will be economically viable or not . 
  screening for what ? 
  nationality or extremist tendency ? 
  you need to be specific . 
  regardless , if i 'm an expert in that area , i would have been working with the intelligence service . 
  although , from the back of my mind , a tiny bit of my field can contribute to the screening process . 
  i have only taken a module in bayesian inference and game theory was part of my core studies . 
  but i think a bayesian decision algorithm would be actually very much viable . 
  bayesian decision is a decision ( tree ) that involves what we called a bayesian updating . 
  the model , based on bayesian inference , will update everytime you feed a correct information into it . 
  it is almost like machine learning ( in fact , that is this whole branch of ml people focusing on bayesian decision making ) . 
  this can be applied from facial recognition , speech recognition and text recognition . 
  the technical problem is to choose the prior on the other hand , you need to feed information to the model . 
  this entails violation of privacy and the algorithm can be very racist in terms of european standard . 
  ( remember that google search algo that gives out gorilla when it recognises african people ? ) . 
  on top of that , people generally irked at the idea of the decision being made by algorithm with no human element . 
  therefore , this can only be served as a soft suggestion . 
  again , this is not my field . 
  i 'm more focus on pde . 
  but you asked for my personal opinion , so here is . 
  i think they want to impose islamisation into the education sector . 
  i will not be surprised if the people who were fired are mostly secular, 
  reminds me of [ this article ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2010/feb/02/border-staff-asylum-seekers-whistleblower ) i came across a while ago . 
   claims staff kept a stuffed gorilla , a `` grant monkey '' , which was placed as a badge of shame on the desk of any officer who approved an asylum application .
