  [ 300,000 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37207800 ) refugees is n't a particularly healthy number either, 
  refugees !, 
  running away from war and bulgarians . . !, 
  pay walled . 
  i 'm on my phone so not incognito bullshit . 
  you are kidding me right ? 
  and you intend to run the country with that incompetence ? 
  fptp : = first past the poll, 
  but the lot of you voted tories enough for it to win fptp election . 
  so , this is what the brits deserve, 
  it is not . . 
  but christianity is shrinking all over the world . 
  either replaced by mohammed or carbonara . 
  your choice . 
  i take offence that you would insult my religion and my way of pasta life this way . . 
  i hope your next pasta is over soggy . 
  a secularist past for decades , top universities including istanbul 's bogazici and ankara 's middle east technical played an outsize role in shaping a secular-minded national culture in line with principles laid out by the republic 's founder , mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk . 
  secularist elites controlled professorial appointments and vetoed research in areas considered detrimental to the government 's pro-western orientation . 
  head scarves were banned from campuses , a rule that kept generations of women out of higher education . 
  when mr. erdogan 's justice and development party , or akp , swept to power in 2002 , ending that ban was among its priorities . 
  animosity from the secular elite meant it took almost eight years to repeal . 
  mr. erdogan has defined his philosophy of education as building `` a religious generation . '' in a may speech accepting an honorary doctorate at turkey 's kocaeli university , he trumpeted his government 's success in expanding education opportunities for students from all backgrounds , including his conservative religious constituents . 
  under akp rule , university enrollment more than tripled to 6.7 million and the government has opened 57 new public universities , many in areas historically lacking educational and political opportunity . 
  universities run by private foundations , including gulen affiliates , jumped to 68 in number from 20 . 
  taner erol , a faculty member and spokesman at recep tayyip erdogan university in rize , was among academics who protested against the coup in the city 's central square . 
  taner erol , a faculty member and spokesman at recep tayyip erdogan university in rize , was among academics who protested against the coup in the city 's central square . 
  photo : ivor prickett for the wall street journal the new universities have been a source of pride for provincial academics and communities . 
  recep tayyip erdogan university in rize , the president 's hometown , has benefited from government largess and is among turkey 's fastest-growing universities . 
  in the decade since the school was founded -- it was renamed after mr. erdogan in 2012 - -- its number of academics has risen almost 10-fold to 1,000 and the student body has tripled to 18,000 . 
  the institution has had a positive impact on the region , said taner erol , 36 , a communications lecturer and erdogan university 's spokesman . 
  it has helped establish and staff outpatient clinics in the region , he said , and its researchers are studying fish diseases in the black sea and are working on regional disaster-prevention plans . 
  students from europe and the u.s. have for decades almost exclusively attended elite colleges of istanbul and ankara . 
  erdogan university has admitted hundreds of international students , burnishing turkey 's standing in the world , mr. erol said . 
  ` ideological nepotism ' state funding has been funneled toward the new public universities and faculties that specialize in subjects dear to the ruling party 's interests , such as ottoman history and islamic studies , education watchdogs and opposition lawmakers say . 
  ahmet acar , 67 , whose eight-year tenure as president of ankara 's middle east technical university ended this summer -- not purge related -- said he agreed with the capacity-building policy but felt the pace has hurt education quality . 
  `` once you recruit and promote people on anything other than academic or professional qualifications , such as on the premise of political views and associations , then you can forget about the future of these universities . '' some former members of turkey 's scientific and technological research council say the institution even before the putsch had been filled with loyalists who channeled funding toward religious-minded scholarship . 
  the research council did n't respond to inquiries . 
  `` this is about ideological nepotism , '' said ali alpar , a 65-year-old astrophysicist at istanbul 's elite sabanci university who was once a research council board member . 
  `` as they purged the old ranks , the clear criteria was that new people would be close to the government , be trustworthy -- by which they meant they would belong to religious congregations . '' last week , the ruling party proposed a law to abolish rector elections and allow mr. erdogan to pick each academy 's chief from a list provided by the higher education council . 
  the government pulled the bill after a rare show of unity from opposition parties . 
  in recent years , some academics say , it has been harder to find research funding or jobs in a field once wide open to western-minded academics such as dr. mutluer . 
  she gained her ph.d. in budapest before returning to istanbul to lecture in several sociology faculties . 
  she was promoted to head that department at private nisantasi university , not associated with mr. gulen . 
  she produced a political-analysis television program , oteberi , or `` paraphernalia , '' broadcast on a channel known for championing views critical to the government . 
  the crescent and star of turkey 's flag flies outside the canteen at recep tayyip erdogan university in rize . 
  the crescent and star of turkey 's flag flies outside the canteen at recep tayyip erdogan university in rize . 
  photo : ivor prickett for the wall street journal some universities operated by gulen-linked foundations became a haven for critical thinkers when other private academies shunned them to avoid angering the government and state universities prioritized the hiring of professors with other ideological stripes . 
  earlier this year , the tension between academics erupted over one of turkey 's most sensitive subjects , its war against the pkk , which turkey and the north atlantic treaty organization designate a terrorist group . 
  dr. mutluer signed the january letter calling for peace talks , which described the government 's counterterrorism operations as a `` massacre . '' mr. erdogan called the statement `` treason by so-called intellectuals . '' turkey 's higher education council vowed to act against signatories . 
  dr. mutluer said she received death threats from nationalists . 
  by february , she said , she was fired by nisantasi university , which did n't respond to inquiries from the wall street journal . 
  after the putsch , hearing that authorities were about to ban travel by academics , she left turkey for a fellowship she had lined up teaching at a program for scholars at risk at berlin 's humboldt university . 
  `` it was n't an easy decision to leave , but i could n't stay in turkey -- we could no longer speak , '' she said . 
  `` the civil space has been shrinking ... now there 's very little civil space at all . '' on the other side of the rift are dozens of up-and-coming academics such as prof. gumus who are optimistic about their careers . 
  he graduated from one of the country 's oldest institutions , atat\u00fcrk university in his hometown of erzurum , with a degree in mathematics pedagogy . 
  he taught in public schools before getting a doctorate at michigan state university . 
  prof. gumus contested the view that only pro-government ideologues have a chance to advance . 
  he said everyone in turkey is benefiting from broadening education opportunities under mr. erdogan . 
  `` no government sufficiently responded to public demands until the ak party , '' he said . 
  `` i see it as a democratization of education . '', 
  konya , turkey -- on the humid afternoon after july 's bloody coup attempt , signs of a rift that is redefining this nation 's academia played out in two cities 400 miles apart . 
  in istanbul , nil mutluer grabbed her 3-year-old daughter and raced with a suitcase toward turkey 's coast . 
  the former sociology-department chair at the city 's nisantasi university narrowly escaped the nation 's looming dragnet . 
  `` authorities had already begun questioning colleagues at the airports , '' said dr. mutluer , 42 , a western-leaning liberal who took a ferry to greece en route to an academic post in berlin . 
  that afternoon in konya , once known as the citadel of islam , some local professors cheered the coup 's failure as a chance to remake turkish academia . 
  `` elitist professors are looking at the world with western glasses -- they 're not really thinking about what the turkish people want and need , '' said assistant professor sedat gumus , 33 , a u.s.-educated lecturer at konya 's necmettin erbakan university , named after president recep tayyip erdogan 's political mentor . 
  for sedat gumus , an associate professor at necmettin erbakan university in konya , the failed coup provides an opportunity to intensify the revamping of turkish academia . 
  for sedat gumus , an associate professor at necmettin erbakan university in konya , the failed coup provides an opportunity to intensify the revamping of turkish academia . 
  photo : ivor prickett for the wall street journal `` the current situation might be a golden opportunity for turkey to write a new constitution , '' he said , `` and with it reform the higher-education system . '' turkey 's crackdown after the july 15 putsch has been swift and expansive , sweeping through the military , judiciary and higher education . 
  the government declared a state of emergency and said it has detained more than 40,000 people as it hunts for suspected affiliates of the man officials accuse as the mastermind , fethullah gulen , a u.s.-based turkish imam . 
  mr. gulen , who counts millions of supporters in part because of his network 's investments in education , has denied any role . 
  overnight , educators became a suspected class . 
  the education ministry dismissed more than 27,000 staff and turkey 's council of higher education forced all 1,577 university deans to resign , saying only those with no ties to coup plotters would be reinstated . 
  the university watchdog also ordered each university to list faculty suspected of links to mr. gulen and has suspended 4,225 academics . 
  the 15 gulen-linked universities have been sealed like crime scenes . 
  so far , the purge has affected mainly academics on the outs with mr. erdogan even before the coup attempt , chiefly those connected to mr. gulen and to causes seen as critical of the government . 
  but the chill is broadening , and many academics from top schools , expecting a second wave of purges , are seeking work abroad . 
  the convulsions in turkish academia reflect the latest and perhaps most transformative chapter in the long-running story of turkey 's split between its urban elite and conservative-muslim interior , showing the acceleration of the country 's shift from stalwart western ally to aspiring regional power . 
  the gathering intellectual purge is arming allies of mr. erdogan to realize a goal of their own : to tip the balance of power away from the western-oriented ivory towers in istanbul and ankara toward what ruling-party adherents call academies for `` new turkey '' -- an amalgamation of islamic piety and nationalism rooted in the ottoman past . 
  the government has suspended the u.s. state department 's fulbright english teaching assistant program and canceled the european union 's jean monnet scholarships after the failed coup . 
  maya arakon was an associate professor at suleyman sah university in istanbul before the school was closed after july 's failed coup attempt . 
  maya arakon was an associate professor at suleyman sah university in istanbul before the school was closed after july 's failed coup attempt . 
  photo : ivor prickett for the wall street journal batuhan aydagul , director of the education reform initiative at istanbul 's sabanci university , said the shift could rob an institutional anchor that has linked turkey with its western allies and erode turkey 's position as an emerging globalized economy . 
  a senior turkish government official dismissed concerns that mr. erdogan 's vision conflicted with turkey 's interests , saying : `` turkey has excellent schools and departments . 
  obviously we would like to have the best departments on all subjects . '' the higher education council did n't respond to requests for comment . 
  ruling-party leaders have said the post-putsch crackdown has support across turkish society . 
  academics affected by the purge include some of the more than 1,000 who signed an open letter in january calling for peace talks between the government and kurdistan workers ' party , or pkk , a designated terrorist group that wants autonomy in majority-kurdish southeast turkey . 
  maya arakon , 44 , a self-described secularist and liberal , faced a dual threat after the failed coup . 
  she signed the letter and was an associate professor at istanbul 's suleyman sah university , established by gulen followers in 2010 , which the government closed after the putsch . 
  `` i was in shock , '' said ms. arakon , whose istanbul apartment was covered in boxes as she prepared to leave for the u.s. `` i feel unwanted and disliked , that my life , thoughts , existence are under threat . '' candan badem , 46 , a history professor in the eastern city of tunceli and a signatory to the letter , was suspended in early august , which tunceli university officials said was related to the crackdown against gulen followers . 
  his lawyer discovered he was being investigated as a suspected coup plotter because authorities found at his university office a book by mr. gulen . 
  `` the investigation is a total joke , '' dr. badem said , citing his yearslong criticism of the imam . 
  tunceli university did n't respond to inquiries . 
  fear has spread across academia , with many turkish intellectuals saying they are afraid to speak out and that their cellphones are tapped and research restricted . 
  ahmet acar , former president of ankara 's prestigious middle east technical university , says turkey 's government was right to construct more universities but expanded too fast , undermining the quality of education . 
  ahmet acar , former president of ankara 's prestigious middle east technical university , says turkey 's government was right to construct more universities but expanded too fast , undermining the quality of education . 
  photo : ivor prickett for the wall street journal universities in sweden , germany and austria have reported a surge in inquiries from turkish academics . 
  karabekir akkoyunlu , an assistant professor specializing in modern turkey at austria 's university of graz said colleagues back home had inquired about positions over the past month for the first time . 
  `` all of a sudden we are inundated with requests from junior and senior academics , '' said umut ozkirimli , a turkish political scientist at sweden 's university of lund , who said dozens of turkish academics have called him looking for work in europe or the u.s. `` now there is a sense of urgency as people are desperate . '' some conservative academics argue professors have never been freer to pursue previously taboo subjects such as kurdish separatism and islamic politics . 
  `` i 'm very certain there 's no systematic pressure on academic studies , '' said necmettin erbakan university 's prof. gumus .
