   consider that 70 % of the sealife being fished in uk waters is done by the eu . 
  heard of something called the nash equilibrium ? 
  you know why uk signed the agreement in the first place right ? 
  or you would rather spend the rest of your day giving excuses to the mystical might of great britain than to educated yourself . 
  maybe you 'll spin this as `` yet another [ whichever govt in charged ] 's short-sighted policy '' . . 
  i 've heard it all . 
  agreement was signed close to a decade before uk joined the eu ... so ... we take back contrull !! . . 
  we spit at the scum at brussel !!!, 
  anarchy in the uk !, 
  edit : i wonder what would happen if the scandinavian and the dutch puts a huge net on their own water to prevent the baby fishes growing up in english water . 
  on the most trams in mannheim . 
  there always hang a notice saying something like `` travelling without ticket will be fined 40 euros '' in a few languages : german , english , turkish , italian ... . . and then there 's a new additions to that : french and arabic . 
  i 'm guessing they added french so to make it a nice rectangle . 
  she change her stance all the fucking time !, 
  you and i clearly know that is there ever exist a `` do nothing '' option , she will gracefully take it . 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  her words meant little to me . 
  parents visited . 
  and they brought mostly 500 euro notes, 
  in what ? 
  standard of living ? 
  health care ? 
  or most importantly , literacy ? 
  you 're clearly a good example of failed education in your country . 
  i feel so good about myself sometimes knowing dumbtards like you exist , somewhere . 
  but then it worries me to think people like breed like rabbits . 
  i find it gross how you basically insult your forefathers by raping your english like that . 
  learn to speak english , not americanish . 
  it means that if you have n't know how the society has progress , perhaps you should just stay at home and do n't expose your gene to anyone . 
  psa : short comment history search shows that this twit did not post in / r/europe at least one year ago and was not active until all that trumping . 
  i therefore conclude this person is your typical fat american trumpster and is , indeed , a shithead . 
  so thread carefully and do not feed the fat troll . 
  out of interest . 
  do people like having the word `` trump '' as prefix to their throwaways now ? 
  is that kind of personality cult wise ? 
  to your question : express your views . 
  you may get shitted or you may get properly evaluated response , depends on your luck . 
  but i 'd say / r/europe is ** relatively ** benign than t_d, 
  please , you do n't want op 's impenetrable retardness to be passed down to your children . 
  was never expected him to be better . 
  i 'm fine with anyone else other than le pen tbh . 
  except europe is more secular now than ever, 
  today the iraqi government has declared is defeat . 
  so let 's see . 
   refugees . . 
  temporary you think they travel all the way from greece , hungary to places like germany and sweden just to stay there `` temporarily '' they are here to stay . 
  and they know it . 
  and they are hopping more of them will come and making more babies so one day they can ` conquer ' europe . 
  the leftist europeans are one of the most delusional group of people i have seen . 
  lol, 
  hey look !, 
  this brexiteer is being triggered yet again !, 
  you think just because you put eu flair you can appear less ridiculous ? 
  within 2 % ( a mandate of most central banks including boe ) inflation is fine . 
  but when we say prices go up , we usually mean inflation way over that amount . 
  and migration, 
  and billions more as well as some saved lives if it had a unified border and deportation procedure . 
  dude writes like an american and like a non-eu observer . 
  do you think he cares if uk health sector goes to shit ? 
  if the deal went badly : eu-based service jobs will move ( whether you like it or not ) . 
  manufacturing maybe less likely than service job due to its sunk cost , but i reckon some of it will move . 
  price will increase since uk mainly import things and will continue to do so . 
  you kept saying scaling back welfare state is a good thing ( twice ) but still yet to provide good reasonings for it . 
  he would give you a bunch of inactionable ideas . 
  right direction ? 
  this is just a black swan , an outlier . 
  the whole religion and the countries associated with it is going to the wrong direction if you have n't noticed . 
  apparently securing europe borders is an unpopular policy . 
  as a german taxpayer , i 'm not . 
  you may label them as refugees as you wish ; i label them as asylum opportunists with potential tendency of crime and violence . 
  i hope they get rich enough to re-gentrify the bahnhofsquatiert . 
  but then i wo n't be able to live there anymore . 
  also my dream of living in bad homburg will remains a distance dream . 
  soon europe is going to be like israel with daily back and forth stabbing and pedestrian crashing . 
  you probably want to eat your words now since may consider this as terror event . 
  to use no true scotsman , you first need to have statement like `` all scotsman are xxx '' . 
  no body is claiming all europeans are tolerant , peace loving hipsters . 
  and no , / s does n't save you from your statement fallacy . 
  it 's not a free pass to free your argument from any logical assessment . 
  until you run a thorough regression and robust homogeneity testing . 
  i will take you as just another retard on the internet . 
  i certainly hope your stupidity is n't heritable . 
  please racism is an issue in europe because europeans are capable to admit that , discuss and perhaps make better . 
  not unlike many under developed countries where they wo n't even talk about the issues . 
  like missing a _, 
  / u/heknarf on suicide watch . 
  shall we also ban purse-putting too ? 
   european born youth of asian ethnicity that turned to extremist islam as a way to vent their frustrations due to the failures of european society and rampant neoliberalism do n't just burden put the burden on the host , europeans were kind enough to give extend their arms and feed them with benefits . 
  one have to recognise that this particular subgroup has tendency towards violence . 
  hong kong is a country that british colonised the longest ( until 1995 ) , you do n't see british born of hong kong ancestry demanding the country to install whatever cultural beliefs they have from the far east and blowing themselves up in the streets filled with innocent people . 
  in the same light you do n't see indian doing the same . 
  the probability of a terrorist attack given that he is muslim in last decades is very close to one now . 
  in stats language , pr ( terrorist attack in last decade | terrorist is muslim ) = 1 a.e. 
  [ i 'm going to use this to attack you ; and you use respect and defend yourself . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/kruzk01lffe?t=1m24s ) add the word bomb , vehicle or knife ; and change the word ` respect ' to love . 
  then you have the same situation here . 
  except that you 'll be dead . 
  utterly empty gesture that helps no one but their own misplaced sense of justice .
